
‘There’s a history at the #FBI of WITHHOLDING INFORMATION from CONGRESS. We’ve already had DISMISSALS for WRONGDOING, there’s ongoing INTERNAL INVESTIGATIONS, the ELEMENTS…
#MAGA #KAG
#ObamaGate #MAGA #USA
#ObamaGate #MAGA #USA

Fake. If you want people to believe you, don't use The Fake News Network.

APPLE IS COMING BACK TO AMERICA!!!!
China and other countries will always have the upper hand on America in manufacturing because of sweatshop labor etc. but when it comes to skilled workers studies show that no one comes close to USA!
China.no1
You and he both have products made in China. It’s you treating America unfairly.
By the way Mr. #ShitholePresident  , when are you going to condemn the White Gunman shooting up the people at the Wafflehouse last weekend? Was the guy too white for you for this to be an issue? Not enough muslim or immigrant?

Why? What point are you trying to make by doing this?
Because he deserves NO respect.
Geez, why don't liberals ever have a valid argument. They just seem to hate anything that this man does.
#TrumpFlakes
?
Question for you Ark. Why do Trump supporters post 1/2 truths and lies heard on Faux News or Christian Broadcasting without one iota of fact checking, parroting Sean Hannity, even conspiracy sites like infowars then other republicans who know the truth or facts defend them? Why?
Hey man, I am not a Trump supporter and never said that I was, therefore I cannot speak for them. I simply wanted to know the reason behind this unjustified hatred of the man, even though he is trying his best to help the American public.
狗屎
把别人国家弄成那样！

Ask him how much money he pays in taxes. That would actually be something useful that might make a difference.
How about making at least %75 of his phones in the U.S.
Don't you mean he will be talking and you will have your nose in a dictionary trying to figure out all those big words he is using.
Apple does a lot of work in Elementary Schools so I am sure Tim can tone down his speech to be able to talk to someone with at best a 5th grade level brain.
疯子
American people stand behind you president Trump thank you for trying to get this country back for America God bless you God bless United States
Maybe you should talk about why windfall tax cuts are being spent on stock buy-backs instead of employee raises.
You mean unfairly by many countries as in having phones produced and assembled by underpaid workers in third world countries and selling those phones with 1000% profit? You mean unfairly like that? #hypocrisy #potkettle #rustedtoupet #braindead
single payer healthcare is the only solution
Behold a real leader husband and father - as opposed to diaper boy
Go away
How about scheduling a meeting/photo op with a true American hero, James Shaw. Or doesn't he fit into your narrative, an unarmed black man who stopped a white man with an AR 15 from killing even more people? Racist much?
Tell him PC is the way to go

Tell him to bring his Chinese factories back to the U.S.
I don’t think he is on same page as you
Very unfairly,  I've heard, people are saying, people have told me etc etc
Don't forget China and Germany stealing TESLA'S TECHNOLOGY. TESLA HAS BEEN UNDER ASSAULT BOTH DOMESTICALLY AND INTERNATIONALLY!!
Now hear me out trump, I will trade you a pylon for a billion dollars, but you can pick any pylon you want.
Amen all about America now
Yep. Isolation and higher prices for all Americans! What the hell is wrong with you idiots? Are you so desperate you'll call any loss a win? #PeeBrain #ShitholePresident

Maybe he can replace you with an iPhone app.
@MtnMD US has not been treated unfairly. We took advantage of every country when we were on top. Now it’s reversing. If America wasn’t so greedy and flagrantly boisterous we would be on a more even field. Don’t blame others success for our failures.

Check your verbiage. This is not a how a president should speak. Real Gs move in silence like lasaGna. #haveagoodmeeting tho
Tim CookからもTPPに入ったほうがよい、と言われ、またトランプ大統領は不機嫌な顔をすると予想ww
中国が経済的に伸長し、アジアから中東におけるドルの決済シェアが落ちたら、困るのは日本じゃなくてアメリカなんだぜ。

Fintechによる経済成長と、中国への圧力を考えたら、TPPとFTA、どちらがアメリカのためになるか、簡単にわかるだろう。

同盟国で日本ほど頼りになる国はないんだぜ。
日本国民は、アメリカ国民を深く愛している。

大切な友人と思えばこそ、TPPを勧めているんだ。

アメリカの繁栄が、世界の繁栄だからな。
狗子用得着这么舔主子么
そんなにひがむなよ。

中国も、そんなに嫌いじゃないんだぜ♡

王岐山は愛してるよ。

こいつが嫌いなんだよ。
↓
張徳江
Yes, agree.
チャイナの工作員か五毛党かは不明ですが、
彼等は「天安門」「天安門事件」がNGワードと言われていますね。
(￣▽￣;)

仮にそのようなものがあるとしたら
「江沢民派」「張徳江」もそれに該当するのでしょうかね？
You should ask me,lm Chinese
Pls stop H1Bs from taking American jobs.
Tim Cook has help drain the life blood out of America by lining his pockets & his friends pockets, including other countries.  The cost of Apple goods and their tyrannical hold on preventing Americans the freedom of cross platform data transfers is monopolization.
Oh he hates you soooooooooo much, it's endearing how much he hates you.
Tim Cook is waiting to b wowed conversing with u. U lack lots most words in the English language. Ur more happy 2 meet him.
You are such a whiner!!! Unfair Unfair blah blah blah
Bring popcorn and nose clips
You need some new words Donald. Limited vocabulary is an indicator of limited intelligence or poor education.  Instead of "treated unfairly" try unequitable.
Also read more. You may increase your vocabulary with reading.
Instead of using the word “many” over and over again, how about stating which countries and # years this has been going on? U have no idea.


It would be "Trump's Army" (possesive). I think the U.S. Army would disagree with you. Some army led by Col. Bone Spurs.
I hope that the U.S. continues to be treated unfairly by other countries on trade until neurotypical Americans realize they are treating autistic Americans unfairly on employment.
#Trump is embarrassing

When are the family brands coming home? Management 101 - lead by example. Miss that class?
Mr. President, Joseph Lee, serving our country, is stuck in Amsterdam...medical emergency needs to get home! Pray!
Mr. President, Joseph Lee is on his way to Atlanta! Thank you for praying!
I hope in response to US sanctions, Russia will block deliveries to its country of products from Apple
Do you think he’ll give you a free iPad mini so you can try and beat @kanyewest top score on angry birds?
Maybe one day you’ll read a history book. You might learn something about how shitily we’ve treated MANY countries. The CEO of Apple has NO BUSINESS being involved in any trade negotiations. He’s thrilled you gave him billions in tax breaks this year and screwed middle America!
Oh for heaven's sake. Winge, winge, moan, moan. Welcome to real world, Buster, and how the US has been treating everyone else for years! #InternationalEmbarrassment #MakeAmericaArrogantAgain
I'm sure Tim Cook is also eagerly awaiting your thoughtful and educated perspective on the nuances of international trade and how it has disadvantaged the largest company in the world
Try using a thesaurus. My fifth grader is smarter than you.
China's economic expansion, After falling dollar settlement share in the Middle East from Asia, America is not 's Japan is troubled.
If you think and economic growth by Fintech, the pressure to China, I think TPP and FTA, which is for the United States 
Against the Assad regime of Syria, China has promised the reconstruction investment.
ロシア語
モンゴル語
英語 

後は？
うちなーぐちを少しだけ。
千島のおくも  おきなわも

やしまのうちの  まもりなり
保守の中のまあまあ名前の通った人でさえ、沖縄なんて要らないとか、台湾に米軍基地を置いて沖縄は中国にあげたら良いとか言ってるアカウントがありますからね。
あの中にこそ、実はあちら側の工作員が潜んでいるのではないかと疑ってしまいます。
昔、昔、
ゴードネーム   フーバー
さんが、おったとさ。
ヌッポン昔ばなしより。
ウラノフやズムの様に無意識に協力している人もいるでしょうしね。

Do you have better thing to tell us ?
别做这些没用的，中国人民正在等待你们把我们从共产主义的牢笼中解救出来。
we must have repercussions for reverse engineering US products, then undercutting US companies in their own market. Tariff
i can't believe that phrase is still so relevant
it’s all I think about tbh
Unfairly? Are you sure?
How many years exactly? How many countries exactly?
Of course you dont know, you just made that up. Cheers
Well done Sir - Thank you for standing strong for America. Such a pleasure after 8 long years under the last President who did major harm to America. Worst President ever, even ranking worse than Jimmy Carter.
Dude please stop tweeting.
Before you ask, yes, apples are also a fruit.
Right on President Trump
Give em' hell Mr. President!
@Dawnnewyorker
Why are we in a place where tweets from @kanyewest can be confused with tweets from @POTUS? Welcome to 2018.
I TRUST U Mr. President! Ask about PRIVACY & SPYING on Apple Phones/Computer Operating systems! New OSs Coming in the Fall! Ur BASE has Many Tech EXPERT entrepreneurs like myself! Facial Scanning Abuse by the IC?Data mining R Scans a REAL threat 2R Bill of Rights! #1A #2A #4A

#SelfDrivingFullSemiAutoVanAttack #ItHasNothingToDoWithIslam
Showing the continued strength of America's workforce, initial jobless claims for the week ending on April 21 were the lowest since December 6, 1969. 
Apple recently reported they are 100% sustainable on clean energy. Perhaps you should talk to them (or better yet they can talk to you) about going green, clean energy, climate change, and how it ties into businesses being socially responsible in the 21st century.
The American people have been treated unfairly with minimum, stagnant wages while the cost of living is continuously skyrocketing.  When the hell are you gonna start caring about that? We are the ones who keep this economy going. And what do we get for it? Screwed. 
Haha, he's not ever gonna care about that. He's a billionaire (well, we don't really know that for sure). He does not care about poor people. Or people.

Probably because we have some really shady business men like con artist oh yeah you know
Ask Tim Cook why they think they have more rights to accounts of our children then we do as parants.
I was told that it is apples posision that when you child turns 13 they are now adults and you as a parent have no rights to retreave a password to account the parent origin setup
الولايات المتحدة الامريكية أعظم دولة شاء من شاء وأبى من أبى
Please save baby Alfie. Put pressure on the UK to release him to Italy. Only you have the guts to do this.
Because he gives a shit about what u say
Please think of USA as a big brother over the world. The U.S gave remarkable wealth to those alliances who are thinking of the U.S as a leader advocating democracy and free market economy. There have been much positive effects to those alliances and the world.

There are no victims only volunteers
We could build our own phones..and wireless..
I think Tim Cook wish you to shut your month .
What about talking about how the US and other governments have been treating humans unfairly for centuries. That sounds like an interesting topic dont you agree mr president?
I suspect you’ll be talking about who hides his money the best, while laughing at “stupid Americans.”
We say as American as Apple pie..or ..I phone? COME HOME Tim Cook..come home..
FFS Sing a different song.
How about also how unfairly you and your admin have been treating the LGBQ community? You think Cook hasn’t been keeping notes?
Why the global mobile phone charging interface can not be a unified model？
That may be what you're going to talk about. I'm curious what he is going to talk about.
Mr.PRESIDENT TRUMP,
MEETING WITH TIM COOK, BUT
ALSO ALL THAT "SHIT" AND
"FAKE" FROM FACEBOOK FROM 
M.ZUCCKERBERG IS VERY DANGEREOUS
FOR ALL OF US !!!
GREATFULL 
Treated bad,no @realDonaldTrump this was done delliberately by people in your own country many who are alive and well today still,its called treason the kinds of "DEALS" they made,stop playing dumb and go and get them like the American people want.
I love a man that have vision for the future of his country, u are a good man, pls make history in my time, I wish u all the best
Wait President Trump! You had forgotten that the United States is the major empire country who in this modern time is treating other countries unfairly through trades and other interventions?
WHO IS THIS CARING FOR USA  @IsraelUSAforevr , @RealJamesWoods  , @tangobella1 - Its @POTUS
Yes, Ateenyi, @POTUS does care for US & it’s citizens! He not only says it but his actions speaks volumes! #MAGA
#FixATrumpTweet #Drumpf #Trump #apple #apples #applesauce #applerecipes It's apple season!
Thanks for that astute decode ;)
Well, who doesn't love apples? I'd be happy to send you my apple crumble recipe, Mr Trump, for a productive use of your time. And kneading yeast dough will keep those hands out of trouble. 
Many countries = China?
We love you! #BestPresidentEver #MAGA

Hard to trade stuff we don't make. Is Apple going to bring manufacturing to the US? Lol
They outsource all of their manufacturing to china and they have a quarter TRILLION in the bank something tells me tim cook is satisfied with how apple is being treated
I'm sure you guys will hit it off. Tim doesn't believe that Apple should be paying any taxes, so you have that in common.
Maybe he can explain why using your cellphone for government business is a bad idea.
Don’t forget to talk to him about tax havens !
Many things, big, beautiful things! You're so stupid.
Go get em PRESIDENT TRUMP!
苹果在贸易中不公平对待？实在太搞笑了
垃圾苹果，华为小米伟大
As he avoided taxes by moving his business to Ireland  
不公平个jb sb
You are awesome!!!   Bring big American businesses back to America where it was possible to start a great business!   Charity starts at home!!!  Bring the jobs back  #-MAGA
You think Tim Cook wants to listen to you boohoo over how unfair the world is? I think Apple has managed just fine in the current economic and geopolitical landscape. It's what happens when you stop blaming others for your failings...
Hello, Mr. President. You r flying high. Please cool down and take deep breath for fifteen minutes every day. I am sure you will manage better.
Please endorse Travis Allen for Governor of California.
War Eagle!
#trump #fucktrump
Agree mr president hopefully Russia will b off our backs for a while
Talk to him about accepting #Bitcoin and #Litecoin also please
True ! Go Ahead Mr President 
Please ask Tim why songs keep disappearing from my Apple Music playlists.
I'm happy with this.  I'm treated unfairly because in the past we gave billion$ away and forgot about those in America that do without or so little. Can I hear a raise in my disability  $
It's dreadful the way everyone keeps picking on lil ol' USA...
R u sure the US has been treated unfairly or its the other way around
Go Donald
who’s taking 5th and 6th in the @SkyBetChamp places?
What about the release of the final JFK-files? Deadline is today!
Thank You President Donald #Trump for everything you do for each of U.S.
Sincerily #WeThePeople 
#MAGA
@tim_cook You mean Tim Crook who sent a virus to my perfectly working phone to try to force me to purchase an over priced battery or phone. I never did receive last rebate. You have exceeded your price point @AppleSupport @AppleSupport @tim_cook. #crooksofafeatherflocktogether
Good job Mr President.
I pray to God always to see you Mr president of USA, and to visit America my dear president. Oh my God answer my pray
There’s a growing population of minorty supporters. I got my Trump card lol. “Think Big”  When I read the book my views changed on you over night around Christmas, last year  after reading that. Very different light then the media!
Right after you publicly recognize the heroics of *James Shaw Jr.*? That's what you meant to say, right?
I think he rather wants to talk about the 21st century economy and about the internet and technology, not ranting against someone else.
I can’t wait to buy an iPad entirely #MadeInUSA
It's time to get your Make American Music Great Again Tee!
Comma, comma, comma, comma chameleon..... you come and go.... you come and go..ohh oh!
Steve Jobs would absolutely hate you
Many unfair things're rised by great countries.
9000 tweets later, Kelly said Hey 
Trump? Did You allow Richard?
I do not seek impeachment Myself, but if involved in a cover up? 
I am pissed Pal
Right on!This goes BK2 Clinton&Bush.However EVERYTHING HAS BEEN PUT ON STEROIDS BY OZBARACK'S AMERICAN HATING AGENDA!MOST OF THESE COUNTRIES DON'T CARE ABT MAKING USA TRADE FAIR&WANT THE CORRUPTION 2CONTINUE! BEWARE OF MEX,FRA,CHINA&RUSSIA!POISONED By Barry!NO DEALS W/FRANCE!
does it fucking matter what he does if it isn’t effecting YOUR or this country in a NEGATIVE way. No body is the president besides HIM. How about everyone else go out and make changes instead of bitching EVERYDAY about the ones he is making . You guys have no life - it’s sad
BS, Apple is not paying one cent tax in Europe, selling goods for billions. And so all other American company’s. Is that fair? Stop whining and resign. Make the world safe again !

Oh my god
Looking forward to my meeting with putin. We will be talking about many things, including classified U.S. information. I have treated people unfairly for many years, and in many countries, and i'm a traitor.
Doubt he's going to want to discuss that, given that iPhones/iPads/Macs are primarily made in China. More likely he wants to discuss the tariffs you are putting on technology, which will directly impact Apple.
very grateful. I suffer with chronic pain every hour of everyday and I keep getting denied for disability at social security, I've worked since I was 12 years old, I'm the oldest of 8 children, I worked to buy my own school clothes and have been working steady since then
Hẹn gặp lại anh sau ( phô mai ít tinh) tui di an com trua.
Michael Cohen takes the Fifth! What is Michael hiding trump? Come clean Trump & tell the TRUTH! Admit that YOU did have SEX with Stormy!
Exactly we need Global governance blended to work as team. If they can't also we can't.
Sure Tim Cook will love that discussion as Apple May suffer a lot with these tariffs
#StopEmAll #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll
It is seriously.
"…http://Be.suspicious.Sir.his.repatriation.may.be.a.death.nail.to .
…http://conservative.thought.in.america.IF.no.ID.IS .REQUIRED.FEDERALLY.FOR.FEDERAL.ELECTIONS.?.
How about you talk about how America is gutless against Russia pandering Muppets #makeamericathemuppitstheyare
You are not good enough to meet with Tim Cook, the only reason Tim would ever agree to be in the same room as you is because of politics. You're a rambling, unintelligent joke.
Dude, you're losing it.   Save everyone the hassle and RESIGN!  At least do it for your kid!
I feel your paranoia perhaps results from inappropriate medication..
Meet to have a cry about how unfair this n that waaa waa
#Qanon #ReleasetheTexts  #Releasethetext #Releasethetexts #NoRedactions
#DrZaibKhan: #Democrats can contest from Iran in 2020.
Lmao.    You're so funny .
اسعدالله اؤقاتكم معاملة الفقيرحسن تواضع ومعاملة السفه بما لا يستحق نفاق
اذا اكرمت الكريم ملكته. واذا اكرمت الءء
We are just wondering what insider trading you're planning this time.  Did you profit off this tweet already?
This was set up by Globalist to give away America’s wealth to others. This wasn’t shared with Americans. The Gov still gave away billions in aid. We took a hit in every area of trade. Giving others an edge while kepting up our financial support too. They dug USA a big hole! Debts
Unfairly?U must be kidding.....

FREE SPEECH.
#MAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA .. shut up.
I've done everything the doctors told me and I never got better, my email is ljs100368@gmail.com and if you could please, please help me I would forever be in your debt, god bless!!!
You're not fit to be president. Get out of office.
Sounds great!
Can you tell him his products are garbage?
傻逼
Many tweets this week with many rantings and many lies. Many uses of the word many, with many misspellings and many grammatical errors. Many people would like to see many indictments for your many crimes. #many #ImpeachTrump #VoteThemOut2018 #LockThemAllUp
Tell him to do another 7 for 1 split 
.@realDonaldTrump is an adulterer, molester of women, accused child rapist, and has unprotected sex with porn stars.  Family values?  Massive hypocrisy of @mike_pence and so-called religious right. https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2018/03/26/stormy-daniels-donald-trump-thanks-mike-pence-evangelicals-column/457212002/ … #PutinsPuppet April 25 09:11:57
And you think Tim Cook’s gonna fix all those problems for you? You just sound crazier everyday...stop tweeting stupid crap!
The US has been treated unfairly by many countries & corporations.
#DumpSERCO
#DrainingTheDeepState
#EliminateSES
#BOAdministrationAreTraitors
#PoliticizedFBI
#PoliticizedDOJ
#PoliticizedStateDept
#ClintonFoundation
#PayToPlay
#AmericaForSale
#WeinerLaptop
#ReleaseTheVideo
#QAnon
We deserve the short end of the stick because, somehow, being Great means we should wallow in shame, show penance and beg forgiveness. Charity is never enough. We have to bleed.
#DownWithUSA
#مرگ_بر_آمریکا 
#对美国的死亡
#الموت_لأمريكا
Could you have him make sure your iPhone is updated? Even though you’re a shit president it would be nice if our national security wasn’t at risk because of your Twitter brick.
Maybe you could ask Tim Cook why he insists on using factories in #China. I'm sure Apple are rich enough now to weather the costs of some factories in #America or was #MAGA just a con to get elected?
Apple is perhaps the biggest "outsourcer" in the world.  Where are all of those iPads and iPhones made?
And where do they keep their money/profits? Not in the USA.
