Love watching President on fox and friends!
He sounded confident.. I Love that.
he sounded insane
The greatest president in decades.
Our economy is booming.
president Obama failed and no matter how much lying rhetoric the Democrats try, President trump is doing great.
Obama's presidency was the biggest fraud ever perpetrated on the American people.
Aaaaand, while you were on Fox and Fools, one guess where your *wife* was...

Go ahead, @realDonaldTrump, guess!

*
*
*

Oh alright, I'll tell you...she was dreaming about the man who makes her smile.

#HappyBirthdayMelania
What a callous SOB

WHY did u offer to stand in solidarity w/Canada when uve SD nothing abt an American Hero @JamesShawJr9

Nor have u mentioned the victims killed in this hate crime.

u suck! Every thing you touch turns to shit. NOT bc of Democrats. It's by your own incompetence
KKK leaders were democrats, btw.
The operative word there is 'were'! Btw.
Last grand wizard to lead the kkk, who died, was a democrat.
Anyone with pictures of Trump kissing a KKK Grand Cyclops, please step forward.
Keep up the GREAT work Mr. President! America's economy is booming and Americans are doing better than they've done in decades!


The start of the interview vs. the end of the interview. (The faces tell it all.) 

Stormy, you are going to stand b/f God and truth will b known by Him, no lying anymore !  U R being used by the left/ Commies !!

OMG ! You were awesome!
If your definition of “awesome” is mentally unhinged, yea.
Donald, did you have your phone in there with your head, in the upside-down your own ass during the phone call? There was some echo in the space on your side of the call, so if that was inside your ass, let me just say I am impressed with the greatness of it. AMAZING ACOUSTICS!
There is only one word to describe that interview. Cocaine.

No, he said he didn't stay in a hotel.
So he stayed in a hooker house?

Good point
Ty for proof.
@POTUS the child in U.K. Please help , this is a human rights violation
Thank you Donald, very cool!
When grandpa's telling the same stories again and you can't get him off the phone 
Geezus!   That was top shelf crazy!
Do you think he called the switch board and said... “Put me on the air I have shit to say.”

You buffoon.
You got owned... By yourself.
Sir ,, you were fantastic ,,, very nice to have a president who know’s what he is  doing for-a-change !!
R u kidding me calling Trump Sir? This man is nothing but a con artist, liar, cheat, rapist, racist, narcissist, the only difference between him & his followers, is exactly what he said:
We LOVE THE TRUMP
Why don’t you call in tomorrow and surprise them. I’m sure they would love to heard from you!
Somebody got their phone back!  #MuellerIsComingForYou
Great ! #NewYork prosecutors love it too ..
The most stunning lines from #Trump ' s '#FoxAndFriends  interview ..
#TrumpIsAMoron
You sounded like a crazy person
Actually, #Dotard, you threw a #TrumpTantrum. That makes you one hell of a laughing stock! You are 100% not welcome to the UK, and you will be met with the YUGEST PROTEST IN MODERN HISTORY on #FridayThe13th this July! #TrumpNotWelcome #TrumpUKVisit #ShowYourRumpToTrump
I thought for sure this was a parody account!!  Too funny! You sounded like a scared lunatic. PS You should be scared.
You did great! Thank you @foxandfriends You got Donald to admit he paid Stormy, and Cohen wasn't his attorney. Now SDNY can review ALL the evidence. #NoAttorneyClientPrivilege

Of course you would like Fox 
Loved your admissions that Michael Cohen represented you as counsel in the Stormy Daniels matter and that he did very little other legal work for you. Great help to Daniels’ attorney and to SDNY prosecutors. Thanks!
@fakenewsandfriends
Great job further incriminating yourself, #FuckingMoron! As @MichaelAvenatti (who is AT LEAST twice as intelligent as you) said, hopefully you will go on EVERY morning and dig your own grave deeper!
Thank you for making all those incriminating statements. Keep up the good work.
The Democrats think they own the inner city's votes, get your power back and think freely.... No party owns your votes. .
I believe the Republicans own you my friend. No one in their educated, non-racist , logical mind would support this man as president..
Nessa, I am not a Republican. I voted for President Trump and his policies. Are you own by this socialist Democratic Party?
No I am a registered Democrat and I am not owned by anyone or anything. I was actually planning on voting for Donald Trump and changing to be a Republican. And then I watched a few of his speeches and I changed my mind real quick. He was not the man I wanted to represent us.
I love our President speeches. So true and honest, with out the crap. straight forward.
President Trump, he our president, he is doing a great job, best president in decades.
Mark, I know you are referring to President Obama.  He was the worst.

what a shit show! #ResignNow
I hoped they all had a chance to blow you.

You should do a call-in like that every morning to be honest. You were on fire!
Yeah, a dumpster fire. He can't tell truth from lies. If he says a thing it must be true. If he says it repeatedly everyone is supposed to accept it as true. And he doesn't know when to shut up. He's his own worst enemy. His pointless jibber-jabber is what will finally do him in.
The latest E-mails released to congress is a joke. They are trying to hide the truth from American people and Congress.  Redactions black out every page, its pathetic that DOJ thinks Congress and American people are going to accept this. It’s
Text messages released to Congress are redacted and not legible. This is very disgusting thing DOJ is trying to pull on American people. THIS HAS TO END. President must see that we get the full text message to Congress and American people.
Are you watching Slippery James Comey right now on @SpecialReport ?
Yep, he’s scared 
@BretBaier is in beast mode right now
FOXNews is right wing propaganda, nothing more! Unfair and imbalanced!
Did you watch it? It was an epic episode of Trump fucks himself...
Oh you don’t remember he proved it by... saying some of them weren’t attractive enough so there is no way he would of sexually assaulted

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Brilliant!
Robert mueller loved you on there too! So much information you gave him that he is putting a rush on the completion of your oversized orange jumpsuit
Oversized jumpsuit, LOL!
“Great show”?  Are you serious?  It was a total and complete meltdown by a USA president the “likes of which the world have never seen”.  You showed yourself to be a sick, and very disjointed man with no coherent message.  It was almost sad but for it being you. Get some help now
It's going to be a lot harder to tweet when you're put into a straight jacket.
I think he is making a case for an insanity plea.
You notice that @Comey was very clear in his CNN interview to say that @realDonaldTrump didn't appear to be mentally ill.
I actually wondered about it at the time
I thought the same thing.
At least he doesn't give our enemies nuclear capabilities.
The only way you idiots have to justify this shit show of a "president" is to cite a lower bar or engage in whataboutism.
Trump is an inept corrupt clown on his own merit (or lack of).
I’ve never seen an anchor cut off an interview with a President because he was ranting and raving while sounding insane. Until this interview. #TrumpResign #FoxAndFiends
We know you have a lot to do Mr. President we're gonna let you go now. We know you're super busy. Bye now. You've got to go now sir. You've somebody on the other line sir. We'll let you go sir. Bye now. Bye. You have to take another call. Sorry, you have to get to work sir. Bye--
Lol. What is wrong with you? That was embarrassing. If it weren’t so funny to hear you rant mindlessly it would be depressing.
YES it was great to watch the hosts be afraid to move/show their expressions to your shouting & have to cut you off. Seriousy - no one cuts a call with the President short. UNLESS, you know he’s unhinged & making of fool of himself.

Yep - it was great fun to watch that happen!
Is this for real???  Just wow 
Yes, it is real. Unbelievable, yes? He absolutely believes he did a great job!!!
I am a loss for words.  This is worse than I thought...now I'm really concerned 

OMG ....They couldn’t wait to get you off of Fox,quite hilarious!
If you thought that was a great show, you're the only one...
Dude, you were off the rails

Yeah, an emptiness inside him that got filled up with Russian rubles.
We loved it, too! #MAGA .. keep talking!!!! #MuellerIsComing
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul @SenMikeLee  How is President #Trump really doing (i.e., real results vs. phony rhetoric) for The #American People? Trump's Report Card (April 2018). #USA #Americans #America #Constitution #2A #1A #WeThePeople #PJNET #AmericaFirst #MAGA
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @SenMikeLee Use the U.S. #Constitution, YOU as the PRESIDENT/CIC can FIRE anyone (i.e., Mueller, Rosenstein, Sessions, and Wray) in the EXECUTIVE BRANCH at WILL FOR NO REASON or ANY REASON AT ALL. Fire all of them now. #USA #Americans #RuleOfLaw #MAGA
It should be called Farts and Friends after that! Take some Beano!

You yelled for 30 minutes.  Ranting is the new love.
Only you would think that went “great”.  Once again you made a complete fool of yourself talking off script.  You are an embarrassment to our country!!!
He represented me on this crazy Stormy Daniels deal...Gold 
The hosts sat with mouths agape at your hysterical, self-incriminating rant. It was pretty awesome.
Yeah. Great show!! 

. That has to be photo shopped!!
Yeah. Great show.
Bahahahaha 
Yes the prosecution loved it!!!
I especially loved the part about Cohen doing so little business for you. So did the prosecutors who immediately jumped on that.
We thoroughly enjoyed watching and listening while you blew yourself up! #EpicFail #GuiltyAsCharged #LikeAPro When has a news show ever cutoff a president when being interviewed? #LOL
Nice job!!! You were highly Entertaining & you really have Mueller & a Prosecution aHelping hand& for that the American people THANK you!!! SNL is going to be so AWESOME Tomorrow night!!!keep up the good work! Call fox "News" again soon. VERRRRRY soon!! 
Loved making a fool of myself on @foxandfriends this morning. Great fake news show!
The world now has confirmation that you’re an unstable, raving old man.

The beginning of the call and the end of your free association rant.

.#TrumpUnfit
The before and after!
you became unhinged. you were lying & contrary to your belief, repeating a lie does not & will never make it true. the fox fiends tried to shut you down but you kept spewing your dishonest verbal sewage.
#TrumpLies
#TrumpLiesMatter
Everyone giving nice compliments to this clown as he throws himself and Cohen under the bus again. You people are totally clueless! You just don’t get it.
No, it is u who is w/o the Lord so u have no clue !!
Watch cartoons to get your info.
Please keep doing interviews on Fox.

Please keep tweeting.

Mueller isn't watching. Really.


And an incredibly big, "THANK YOU" from #TheResistance!
Wow, that sure turned out to be some crazy rantings

Lol...  We'll see, Sessions didn't open back up this investigation because she did good in them 11 hours. She's going to jail... Nobody left to protect this evil beast.
Beast? She was the First Lady, a Senator and Secretary of State - have a little respect for the titles if not the woman. You can’t call a First Lady names because you don’t like her - it’s not civil. #BehaveYourself
We are talking about Hillary,
I know. But we wouldn’t call Betty Ford a stinking drunk.
That's because we like Betty, we don't like Hillary, she is evil.
I know you don’t like Hillary but I don’t like Trump but I don’t call him names like dumbass, moron, addle brained or anything like that.
You liddle lyre :P  You do to call him names like that...  but like that you are pushing peace out into the universe, it's really sweet, and kind of hot.
@cuckooforcocoa @abbydNYC the greatest 
GOAT
What?
You are a Democrat. That is very funny.
No I'm not! Screw that mess. It's not Political, it's about human beings losing their lives. All Trump talks about is himself.
What human beings losing their lives?
Now this is funny! The Waffle House Shootings! The President has not addressed them!
What do you want him to say? Do you know how many Americans are murdered each day by @PPFA?
Lol...you incriminated yourself. #MoronicMotherfucker
yes it was!  Showcased your insanity quite well, I thought.
Donald Trump was so unhinged in this call to 'Fox & Friends,' even they had to cut him off
Yes, quite a show of unfiltered trumpism that was so great it was entered into court filings!  Hannity prob wet his pants!  We already know Cohen just flipped quietly. Wait for it.....
We who want you impeached really really appreciate it Mr. President!!

WINNING.  GREAT JOB. TURN OFF CIA4AM.FAKE NEWS. STAY ON OFFENSE,  SIR!
Loved it...did not watch it live...but all the comedians ran it...lol...I hope you saw them all too...it is their business...they have a great business I hear...I don't know but I think their business is funny.
Hahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaaaaahahahahahahahaaaaaa. Man, that was a meltdown and I thank you for the laughter
At least somebody loved it  68% laughed their a$$es off and 32% are still mortified but would never admit it publicly 
We loved your semi-unhinged rant too.. please, feel free to do it again sometime! The fox and friends hosts looked like they were in pain toward the end. Priceless ... HAHAHAHAHA
Wow. When you can't stop yourself from babbling big fat fibs and telling on yourself and contradicting yourself and indicting yourself and telling everybody you stiffed your wife on her birthday, man you are your worse enemy.
Love it when you talk without a script and when you tweet. Please continue.
Do it again. We like it! We like it! An so do the courts. Interesting how they shut you off too.
Regarding ur relationship w/Cohen - he's more businessman than lawyer, but u don't know what business he's in. Mob translation - he's a 'fixer'. He's ur lawyer 4 more than a decade but he's only handled a small % 4 u. Mob translation - he's UR 'fixer'. Thanks 4 the clarity. 

Here is a true HERO #JamesShawJr   #WaffleHouseShooting
Will be exhibit M in your impeachment hearing

كس امك
We loved you being on there too #Undhinged #Unfit
Trump shows serious mental breakdown!
What kind of business is a business where the business is the business of business?
So you didn't get a chance to watch the replay of the show? You didn't get to see the look on the faces of the interviewers while you were raging on and on?
You screamed like a panicky 10 year old girl. I enjoyed hearing the fear in your voice immensely. 

#TickTock
I just listened. You were little unhinged. Your friends on 
Faux News were looking a bit uncomfortable....especially that guy on the right of the screen....
Who would know...donald dotard wouldn’t let anyone else get a word in edgewise!

OMG, that meme is tremendous!
Thanks!!
I agree that every American should see that interview to comprehend why so many understand that you are not mentally well.
Did anyone see that one headline “Old Man Yells at Country”?
You sounded like an unhinged off the rails nincompoop! So embarrassing!

#ResignNow
Do you have any idea how absolutely ridiculous you were?  Every comedian I watched featured your ranting, imbecilic tirade.
Please do this again. Entertaining to hear your frantic voice.
Loved watching all the late night hosts mock your 30 minute ramble before the Fox hosts had to cut you off to suggest that perhaps you should be presidenting instead of howling at the tv.
It WAS great!  You had a complete melt-down for all of the world to see.  The Fox hosts looked stunned and worried, before trying to cut you off so you could save yourself.  You lied, you incriminated yourself, you ranted.  What a show!  #ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
Please make a daily phone call! You're such an idiot you don't even realize the hole you're digging gets bigger everytime you open your mouth or tweet!
Did ya love it? Did it feed your ego enough for one day???
Hahahahahahahahahahahahah!  You can't have heard yourself.
I totally nailed the “mentally incompetent for trial” thing. See ya at the loony bin.
It was great!!! You really helped those investigating you.
Great job 
Baby ORANGE tiny hands needs a hug 
It was brilliant the way you sabotaged any attempt to assert attorney client privilege in the Cohen case, confessed to being party to the Stormy Daniels hush deal, and added even more evidence of intent to obstruct justice. Genius! You really should do this more often.
It was GREAT!  You legally incriminated yourself at least 3 times!
It's obvious that you're feeling  more and more lonely and desperate.  Fox & "Friends" makes you feel less so, but even their panel got overwhelmed by your neediness. 
Walls are closing in on you, aren't they? So is Mueller and his team.
You guys are all dying in your own webs that you have been spinning. Sorry McDonald Plump. Sad show on Fox & Friends you are the Jokerman
A joke
I loved it too? Didn’t watch it live but caught snippets and LOVED how uncomfortable the 3 stooges looked asyou rambled  incoherently and backtracked on lies you had told. All 3 kept trying to rein you in but NOOOOOO. So they finally cut you off at the knees . IT WAS HILARIOUS!
He used to say that @FoxNews   is a fake  but now in #FoxAndFriends he enjoyed too much I like he got confidence by saying it #DonaldJTrump @realDonaldTrump
They cut you off!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHA
This shark smells your farts #SharksforTrump
You made such a fool of yourself...it was absolutely hilarious to watch!
#RantingDonnie
You sounded like you'd taken a week's supply Adderall all at once.

Oooh, Fox and Friends?! They must have grilled you pretty hard.
You were insane you lost your mind and did yourself in with your big mouth. Gave fuel to awesome @MichaelAvenatti and to the #MuellerInvestigation and that is good!

Please call into Fox and Fools more often. Even they shut you up at the end since you could not shut up! Hilarious

I can't wait until they use it against you in court! #CrookedTrump #Conman #LiarInChiefTrump #ResignNow #LockThemAllUp #PutinsPuppet
You were a trainwreck on "Fox and Friends." Good God, Man. Do you listen to yourself? Paper cups have a better sense of logic. #MAGAWHAT?
The show is over,and the monkey's dead.
Yeah, that unhinged rat was hilarious. Even the hosts thought you'd lost it. That would be why they cut you off at then end. Ha! Plus you got Cohen in even more trouble. Keep ranting & tweeting yourself closer to jail buddy, I can't wait.

Hey Don...you’re not the only one who loved listening to you flapping your gums on @foxandfriends ...@Comey feels justified...Robert Mueller totally loved it!! You sure sounded agitated. That’s a sign of GUILT!! Criminal...and you have the nerve to call Hillary “crooked”! Ha!!!
You sounded like a raving lunatic, but I encourage you to call in to as many shows as you can.
Boy, Don, sometimes it's hard to help you. They think you're crazy now, even on Fox. Your best bet is to say you were just rapping like #ActionBronson. "WHY YOU THINK I'M OUT HERE ACTIN' CRAZY?" I think he's white so your base won't freak out.
Showed how insane you are. You needed to be medicated and institutionalized
I’m not sure they would agree with you.
Know who else *loved* your call in to Fox & Friends - Michael Avenatti, along with the prosecutors in the SDNY. You should call in more often.
Do it once a month. Many people are saying it is reminiscent of the beloved FDR’s “Fireside paranoid narcistic, insane rants”  #MuellerIsComing #basta
I guess sarcasm is lost on you.  I was pointing out the huge difference between a gentle, thoughtful ,positive “Fireside”chat from an insane 31 minute insane rant from the bleached blonde bloviator in chief
You're insane.
Oh please, say you will be on every week not just once a month! The material you're providing is contributing so much to the various cases against you. You're a gold mine of illegal deals and deeds.
Now how 'bout a press conference, coward?
Do you not realize you sounded like an f'ing buffoon? So embarrassed you're our president!
I’d like to know what kind of person spews such bitter criticism and hatred toward a US PRES who seems to never sleep defending America’s long over due leadership and laws in the world
A person that sees him as the lying racist conman he is
i didnt watch it but i hope u talked about bringing back the rexburg arctic circle
I was definitely a great show!  Best comedy I've seen for a while.  Keep it up dotard!
Who doesn’t love a good train wreck?  Please do it again!
You should go on the show several times a week! #evidence
Really? I think you need to lay off the nose candy sir!
You’re going to jail, you talk too much Donald!! You are a terrible witness! But keep talking!!!
I agree.  It was great.  You should go on every morning.

Also, NO COLLUSION!
Yes. Everybody's laughing at you. Big clown.
AND YOU SPILLED ALL THE BEANS! GREAT JOB! EVEN YOUR FOX BUDDIES HAD TO SHUT YOU UP!!
So you thought it went well, did you?
The prosecuting attorneys loved it too! Please do more of this! #StormyDaniels #MuellerIsComing #TrumpColluded #fakepresident
Yesterday morning. Im sorry, what day is it?
You are such a tool...
Did they give you a back rub too and cleared the dandruff off your jacket?
You look even dumber today than yesterday. Thanks for the laugh
Idiot
Oh it was great! You again proved yourself a rambling idiot. The look on their faces, priceless 
Lol I loved it too! Wist it went on longer!....dope
Yes, donnie. Your makeup and hair never looked better while “being on the Fox and Friends show” You were so on point! ALL of them. Fascinating facial expressions from your cohosts at  Fix and Frauds.
What a great president!!!  

Trump Humiliated Michael Cohen at His Son’s Bar Mitzvah http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/04/trump-humiliated-michael-cohen-at-his-sons-bar-mitzvah.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-b … via @intelligencer
I don't think Fox and Friends shares your enthusiasm. You were completely unhinged. I guess your meds hadn't kicked in yet.
They cut you off because you were of the rails, again.
You are an embarrassment - even to Fox and Friends.
Your answer regarding Melanias birthday was so shameful... Pathetic

Sounded like someone slipped a little something in your morning egg McMuffin...
Yes, I loved hearing your manic, complete meltdown on Fox & Friends too. Thanks for the morning entertainment. If you weren't the President of the United States, I'd take it in stride, but since you are it makes me very worried for the safety of our country and democracy.
25th amendment now. Clearly you are unhinged. #donthecon
#Mueller
#fakepresident
#buffooninchief
Yes, it was a great show of stupidity at its finest!!! #RESIST #MuellerIsComingForYou
You sounded insane
Oh yeah, Donnie, you rocked it! You showed the world what an illiterate, incoherent, unhinged ass you really are! Good boy!
You do realize you sounded very manic and they actually cut you off lol
It was great watching your unhinged, incoherent ranting. Maybe see if your doc can prescribe some Alzheimer's meds?
Not only making America Great Again  but now Making the World Great Again.. Thank  you President Trump... Awesomeness
