#GOD protect our #Nation #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Lord #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus #Saves  #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 21:1
The #king’s #heart is in the #hand of the #Lord, Like the #rivers of #water; He #turns it wherever He wishes.
America celebrating when trump is out of office 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC....Here’s the Apple Music link to the full song https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/supervision/1342286693?i=1342286845 …
Nice... In what way is this the appropriate place for such an idiotic tweet? Wrong forum, pal. Show a little respect?

Dems/Deep State/Establishment want to try & impeach a President who is on the verge of a Nobel Peace  Prize!?!

SantaIsFake
JustLike*tRump


Muller Ain’t Going Away!

You are the best President ever
Says no one
People say it. Get out of your bubble if idiots.
When calling us idiots, make sure you get your grammar right first.
Wow. You Russians trigger so easily, “Jonathan”.
In a bronze star decorated vet and I support @GregShugar wholly and utterly distrust all fake patriots that proclaim their patriotism yet couldn't be bothered to serve. (Cadet bone spurs anyone?)
Our military makes sacrifices for us every day and they rarely get the praise and thanks they deserve. Glad that under Trump that's starting to change.
Without the military, we would have no freedoms. We have to always remember the sacrifices they made for us & never in life forget. Period!
The armed forces, in polls, are so happy to have Trump as the Commander in Chief. You can see he truly respects and honors the military.
Check your ‘polls’ bruh.
Oldest, fattest, meanest, dumbest president.
Pitiful
I'm baffled that Puerto Ricans are still struggling after receiving over a billion thoughts and prayers.
It's not trumps fault it the government of puerto Rico. It's
Our government fault my island is like that
Huh ?
Why the huh? Yes it the puerto Rico government fault that our island is the way it is before Maria hit. What's not to get about it
The US Government is at fault too, especially tRump! To not send aid down there was awful! Then he comes and throws paper towels at your people? That was cruel!
Stop watching the fake news like cnn and msnbc
Is BBC ok to watch?
Part of my dads unit went down there to help them recover, we’re doing the best we can
Investitore,,
No one wants your thoughts and useless prayers.
Angela I think prayers are better then what you are doing! And from what I see that's nothing! Show me what your doing about the crash victims please!
Prayer hasn't gotten the power restored in Puerto Rico. Prayer hasn't gotten Puerto Rico statehood or independence. Prayer isn't working
How many trips have you made from LA to Puerto Rico? How many times have you gone down to a local charity to help out for Puerto Rico? In other words what have you done for Puerto Rico? Since you brought up Puerto Rico Mariposa?
Do I look like the President of the United States to you? What I did to help Puerto Rico was vote. I voted for congresspersons, and a Presidential candidate that were interested in fixing PR. That's what I did. Now what did you do?
うんこ
2 Corinthians 5:17
Therefore, if anyone is in #Christ, he is a new creation; old things have passed away; #behold, all things have become new.
#Jesus is our #Savior  #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD

Shouldn't Stormy Daniels be in this picture?
Praying
Dear Lord we pray for the victims and their families , please Lord be with them. Love them, heal them, help them find peace.  I humbly ask in Jesus name Amen. 
Sending love to them from my family to them..
God Speed
Psalm 34:8
Oh, #taste and see that the #Lord is good; Blessed is the #man who #trusts in Him!
#Jesus is our #Savior  #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#Jesus our #Christ  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
Proverbs 11:14
Where there is no #counsel, the #people fall; But in the #multitude of #counselors there is #safety.
Hey I know a guy named John too, is it possible both me and you are speaking of the same guy. He liked to come over to my place and we both make mash potatos. The secret is to add some garlic to it you know.Just thought this was a crazy coincidence. Did't know he speaks for god
So are you trying to make fun of the Lord's word? Is that what your are implying?
Im wondering if he knows my friend names John? Do you know him too? I haven't heard from him in a while. Maybe the three of us can make a search party and try to find him to put this puzzle to rest.
@narendramodi  Ji First
@realDonaldTrump Ji Second

Debbie I bet you do deep state!   As far as your and the person above you opinions on thoughts and prayers. Thank God you're in America and have free speech! At least people are doing more for the people involed in the crash then you 2 are! 


Unless you are gay or trans...then you’re on your own, Skippy! Idiot.
Every day I am embarrassed that America chose you to be our president. You are a disgrace to the office. We deserve better.
Trump won 3,084 counties, hillary won 57. Deal with it.
F your thoughts and prayers. You don't have one sincere bone in that huge body.
thoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsandprayersthoughtsan
Have you blamed Obama and Democrats yet? You should probably blame someone before you have to actually take responsibility for something.
Keep the tweets coming. You are in our daily prayers.
Not #THANKSOBAMA!

Stop already! Everyone knows, you don't think, and your sure as HELL don't pray!
Do you think the Caravan of Illegals from Mexico should be allowed into the United States and granted asylum?

Vote, #RT for authentic result
Can't answer for the ENTIRE group. Each case MUST be individually evaluated. Some would qualify probably, but not all. But you can't say they should just be DENIED either.

You’re creating
PRAYERS FOR FAMILIESSAD
Thank You Mr. President
#GodBless Them All 
In The Name Of #JesusChrist 
#Amen
But on a damn word about the Waffle House shooting. Your such a piece of 
How about some ‘thoughts and prayers’ for the people Puerto Rico you have abandoned?
Is fox news on?

God bless...Who was on it?
These swamp creatures are killing our soldiers Mr. President. And their sick supporters are are laughing at it.
Your “thoughts and prayers” haven’t done squat for the people of Puerto Rico.

Defol it.
You’re not fit to even mention their names.
Your are not even fit to polish the presidents shoes
Trump is not even fit to be president.
63 million say he is. And don't forget he stayed Hillary in electoral college votes which is how presidents are elected.

We suffered under Obama for 8 years. Now Trump is president deal with it. Tens of millions of Americans disagreed with Obama's policy but we weren't running around like chickens with our heads cut off.
Proof? that we suffered under Obama?
Destroyed our military! Iran deal fast and furious IRS scandal VA cover-up the list goes on and on.
Prayers? You're a fraud. #ImpeachTrumpNow #CheatingTrump #LyingTrump #TreasonousTrump #DumbDonald #DumpHimToo!
Why does this keep happening on your watch? There have been so many deadly military plane & naval accidents since you came into office. Your insincere condolences do nothing to address the alarming frequency of these accidents. Your incompetence is breathtaking.
As a recently retired career military member, I can tell you. Obama spent more money on sensitivity and social reengineering in the military than on the equipment and training to keep us alive. Period.
I respect your service but have no respect for your support of trump. He faked bone spurs to get out of serving, attacked Gold Star families and he doesn't like soldiers who get captured in war. And he nominated someone wholly unqualified to run the VA. He conned you, sir.
But that’s not we’re talking about. The attribution you’ve assigned to the tragic losses of service members, to which you falsely assign blame because of your personal politics, is entirely, provably false.
He called a grieving Gold Star wife, whose husband was killed on a mission he approved, a liar. He lashes out at anyone who dares criticize him, including widows.
Your opinion of him and what he says is irrelevant when compared with the actions that have reduced the unnecessary gold stars to begin with.
@ricardorossello @trschatz51 @repjenniffer How about honoring the fallen #Incorporating the Territory as an #integral part of our Nation, #Equal Rights and Duties for our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico. #DomesticNOTForeign #TaxReform 
Go F yourself DOTARD!  
#TrumpCrimeFamily

Thank you @POTUS for your love for PR Please show the world your big heart and give the lesson of life to those who are against you #MAGA2020  Write a new story that gives statehood 51  to Puerto Rico and become my hero and the hero of the 6 million BORICUAS!
Vega Baja has been without power for nearly 8 months. He is no hero. Trump is a moron & we do not want that monster as president. Never! Viva Puerto Rico LIBRE!
ANOTHER MORON Bringing the issue of not having electric light is a joke If we were a republic who would bring us progress? Cuba? Nicaragua? Venezuela? China? Russia? Jamas Puerto Rico will be free because LOS ESTADISTAS are the majority and we will never allow it #StatehoodPR
We salute all our soldiers during these war periods.
So sad. Prayers go out to the victims and their families & for all those who put their lives on the line for our freedom.
Are Military planes being sabotaged? This is becoming the norm. Or are they still rummaging through old planes for spare parts due to Obama cutting to the bone so as to destroy our military. Thank you for all you do for our Military! You are a wonderful Commander in chief!
Same thing happened during Clinton and Carter. Dimms always run the military into the ground
But Obama knew they were flying planes that had to be repaired with old parts from retired aircraft! They even had to buy some of their own bulletin proof vests. This is a disgrace 4 a POTUS 2 know this & not change it! He was a cold blooded #Traitor 2 our country & Military.
Shocking that ANG from the segregated U.S territory of Puerto Rico is equipped with obsolete airplanes.The American soldiers from PR deserve better. Make America Great Again must include the end of the segregated political status in PR @FoxNews @USATODAY @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @cnn
The flight was to go to Arizona for that aircraft to be decommissioned! 

and Not the appropriate response   Learn to respect those who defend our freedom.
We're still waiting on you to say SOMETHING about the hero who interrupted a mass shooting with his bare hands. I'll help you. His name is James Shaw Jr. #SayHisName
Ole Huckabee said she thinks there's been an "outreach effort" to get him to the WH. 

...I'm afraid if I roll my eyes any harder they may get permanately  stuck...
Obvious you lack empathy. You use the same words every single time “thoughts and prayers”. Gets old. You shouldn’t say anything the way you wrote off Puerto Rico after the hurricane leaving them without assistance! You should be ashamed of yourself but we know that won’t happen!
Find out who is sabotaging our military aircraft. Then hang em
It's Trump.

Then don't spit out nonsense until full details are revealed.
Blow me
Mr president, on behalf of the Iranian people, I offer my condolence to you and to the people of USA, PLZ accept my condolence!
Were you briefed on the Waffle House killings yet?
But none of the men & women of the FBI are “great?” They all suck because they’ve uncovered the truth about you? None of the Mueller team is “great” for the same so-called reason? You’re a gangster & you had a lot of nerve coming down that escalator.
Did they come to remind you that they're Americans and still half the island has no power,  and little clean water?
Did you know that’s not true.
What the hell happened, I seen a news reel of the plane just turn and head strait for the ground?!  Remote take over of pilot? Who is doing this?

Y'all need to show RESPECT. You don't know if any of the people on this tweet. Take your hatred to another tweet. 

Many people are hurting and should be shown RESPECT!!
Puerto Rico has a National Guard unit, which means they are Americans. They still lack power and water. #Hurricane season starts Jun 01. Still gross #Negligence by you, @realdonaldtrump, because of some petty gripe of yours, some long-held grudge. #typical

@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @Top_Sergeant @amazinmikey @bannerite @Mooncatadams @MtnMD #WomensHealth #IRS #FBI #Veterans #Law #USMC #Navy

Traitor Donnie Yelling
'No Collusion!' Over & Over Again
Deep Down he Knows He's Finished 
 http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/05/there-is-so-much-evidence-of-trumps-collusion-with-russia.html …
#NationalDayOfPrayer
#KeepGodInAmerica
#ChristJesusSaves
#OnBendedKnee
#PrayerWarriorsUnite
#PatriotsEffectingChange
Were you briefed about the Tennessee Waffle House shooting? Oh, the ppl killed were pp of color by a White man. No need to pay any attention.
My President did this! God rest Otto Warmbiers soul, we won't forget you
控告孝感市公安局：1、郑重承诺不认账，置国家信用不顾，替黑老大李能，强抢民企股权，酷刑加害。2、做虚假司法鉴定勾结孝南区法院重判无罪科研股东黄东宁3、包庇黑老大李能盗窃国家资产五个亿，虚开增长值税发票5000万，盗窃财政拨款680万。拒不立案，打击报复举报人，完全沦为黑老大掠夺他人股权打手
Our thoughts and prayers are with you, President Trump, and with the National Guard, the military men and women and their families. We love you and are grateful always.
you've never prayed a moment in your life. You think you are God. Give it a rest, donald. Even Evangelicals know you have no god, but yourself. They're ok with that. You know. Shoot someone on 5th Avenue and all that jazz.
That’s more concern than you showed the entirety of Puerto Rico.
F*ck your thoughts n prayers.
Our prayers are with them

President Trump, I pray for you and your family. Thank you for your service to our country. May God protect and guide you. Fight Fight Fight for Freedom. Bev
Such A Sad Loss
Thoughts and prayers to all our military. Be safe. God bless.
Prayers!
Gracias señor Presidente Donald J Trump por sus palabras para nuestros soldados que fallecieron en el acidente aereo en el estado de Georga.
God bless my Brothers from Puerto Rico & keep them in light forevermore.
Prayers

U r a lemon
RIP.
I'm really concerned about this crash the C130 just dosent roll over on its back and dive straight in something is terrible wrong here
I'll Pray  With You Mr.President Trump.Dear God, May the Souls if the lost ones Have Peace, May The Family's & Friends Find Strength,& Hope. Please Guide them in this Horrible Tragedy Amen
Diane & Las Vegas.
美利坚人类的希望
What about the rest of Puerto Rico, nimrod?
Thoughts & prayers for this. 

Thoughts & prayers for that.

Thoughts & prayers for massacres.

Thoughts & prayers for crashes.

So sorry we can’t get our heads out of our butts long enough to get any helpful legislation done.
May their families find some solace knowing their loved ones were honorable members of our U.S. military who's service will always be greatly appreciated and graciously remembered in memorial. May they #RIP one an all. #c130crash #ccot 

With so many of our #Militarylost 
in our equipment.. should we be concerned issues go be beyond age, budget or agenda but to subterfuge

Great...more thoughts and prayers but no actual help for Puerto Rico that is STILL struggling since last hurricane season.
Looks like your on your way out very soon trump 

BREAKING: Donald Trump repaid lawyer Michael Cohen for Stormy Daniels payment, Rudy Giuliani says https://bloom.bg/2KwX4qZ  
Always in my thoughts
Liberal and hate, it’s a disgrace, 9 heroes lost their life’s today, PR heroes,and you sorry liberals take the moment to express your hate towards the President as he offers condolences, I have no use for a liberal ever again and the whole bunch of you can go to hell
FIRE MUELLER TODAY WE STAND WITH YOU!
First, I don’t believe you can think to have thoughts. Second, I don’t believe you prayed and not because you can’t. Third, mention of servicemen by someone who avoided service 5x is a disrespect for those who did.
#TrumpRICO
Puerto Rico still doesn’t have power. Flint and god knows how many other cities don’t have clean water. Thoughts and Prayers?
Nice. What about the people in Puerto Rico and Flint?
#LiarInChief #PutinsPuppet #TraitorTrump #CohenTapes #PeeTape #MuellerIsComing #FakePresident #Dotard #ImpeachTrumpNow #ResignTrump #ComplicitGOP #BlueTsunami2018
Still waiting for you to mention the victims of the Waffle House mass shooting, and the hero who disarmed the shooter, James Shaw Jr.
Hear me President. Where can I get your lotion in the mall in United States? I do not know where I can get it your lotion? Say me President. Where?
Hercules doesn't need to be in quotes...and you sure as Hell don't need to be in our White House.
#ImpeachTrump 
#ProtectMueller

Fuck your thoughts and prayers.
Rest In Peace Patriots 
Americans still want to know are you still in Astonishingly excellent health Keep eating those cheeseburgers Donnie Heart Attack awaiting to happen Tick tick
Why don't congratulate the man that saved those people in the waffle house u ain't said shit about him let me guess cause he is blk

Another DS take down?
Too bad you weren’t on board.
How about the patent owners as related to all these plane crashes?
We pray for the victims and their families. May their souls rest in peace. Condolences to their families and friends.
RIP
oh i'll be praying for the victims but unlike you MY prayers will be heard. Know why? God don't like it when a person lies, threatening the safety of HIS people, threaten the lives AND welfare of innocent people,  STEALS from the poor and middle-class Americans, extort money,
Oh please, we already know you don’t care about Puerto Rico! #ResignNow #ImpeachTrumpPence #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Mr. President God bless you
YOUR "Thoughts & Prayers" are meaningless! 
There was no collusion! Jews media made it up!
Show bobs and vegana
LIARBIGTIMEIMPEACHTHESEXUALPREDATORCONVICTGOTOJAILLOCKHIMUPRUDYGULLAINIALSO
Trump doesn't give two shits about Puerto Rico!!
so I guess it's ok to got golfing now. Day 120 of golfing #JailTrump
GOTOHELLWHEREYOUCOMEFROM
My thoughts and prayers are for the living and departed victims of the hurricane that devastated Puerto Rico, plunging it into darkness and desperate for assistance. I'm also sorry about the C-130 crash loss of life.
Too bad you weren't in it
I’d rather be joining you in an effort to relieve the 8 month sufferings of fellow Americans. You are despised by decent people all over the world.
Puerto Rico needs relief. Not " thoughts and prayers ".
God rest those from U.S. C-130 "Hercules", Watch "Celtic Woman - Amazing Grace" on YouTube
Yeah know you cry .c-130 was goimg to be pull out so why in the f*ck still flying .You guys know that did nothing in hell to help.Just like money bail to Puerto Rico you did nothing.Just like maria .You did less almost nothing to help us !!The only thing you give toilet paper..
T.A.P.A.A.T.S.
Your handling of Puerto Rico after the hurricane is a humanitarian disgrace.
Trump, stop lying about caring.  This was Puerto Rico National Guard.  You know, the US country that you don't give a shit about because they speak Spanish.
Resign
This "thoughts and prayers" tweet is a brief interlude between a Stormy Daniels rant and  a Hillary Clinton rant.
The PUERTO RICAN Air National Guard. Remember how you forgot about them after the hurricane. THEY DO.
Don't forget prayers for all the victims of [your] indifference in Puerto Rico after the hurricanes.
Cadet bone spurs wishing members of the armed forces “thoughts and prayers “
Why don’t you turn the power back on in Puerto Rico ???
The drinking water in Flint, MI is still not safe to drink. 
Your children are scared shitless that you are going to die in prison; I guarantee you will. How much is each of your kids worth?

Praying
What about the victims of The Waffle House?? (((Crickets)))
Alright we will pray for them

Trump didn’t know Puerto Rico had a National Guard until today.  #TheMoreYouKnow
"Father, I stretch my hands to Thee,
No other help I know;
If Thou withdraw Thyself from me,
Ah! whither shall I go?
What did Thine only Son endure,
Before I drew my breath!
What pain, what labor, to secure
My soul from endless death!"
Who wrote this little missive for you Donnie?  It clearly wasn’t you.
Gods speed to Puerto Rico National guard C-130 plane crash
Why news wrong for people Alot af but clirify Authorities for crashed and Death people in the Airport zero? for example:11september
Another tragedy for the people of Puerto Rico who are still suffering the effects of a hurricane that you did not give full support in recovery effort. Unfit to be President. Resign!
Praying for Jesus to wrap their loved ones in his comfort, love and peace.
Thoughts and prayers for them but still nothing about the Waffle House shooting. #trumpisaracist
How about properly taking care of the people in Puerto Rico??? I guess that would be too much to ask, your christian family values couldn't handle that. You ridiculous farce of a human being!
God bless.
.@POTUS Rosenstein arrogant slow-walking Senate's request for info regarding #Fisa abuse #UraniumOne and #Hillary's exoneration if he's not up to his eyes and Justice Dept collusion with #Russia and used by #Obama as a tool to ensure @Hillary's election @realDonaldTrump #followme
Since you became CIC,  there has been unprecedented number of ship, planes, helicopters and other military "accidents".  And yet you spend all your time watching TV, tweeting and golfing.
Thoughts and prayers. Good plan.
You want to thank the man that actually grabbed a terrorist gun and saved people  funny how you said you would....but didn't!  BUT JAMES SHAW JR. DID!
LIAR

Should we also give thoughts and prayers to Puerto rico for all those killed in the hurricane?  How about that their electric gets turned on by some miracle?
Gods Speed!

#CadetBoneSpurs
You have abandoned Puerto Rico during its time of need. Send aid. #PuertoRicoRelief
FUCKYOU
When are you going to have some thoughts and prayers for the black man without a gun who stopped a racist with a gun from slaughtering more than four young people of color at a Waffle House? Do you fucking not even know that that happened?
Ur thoughts and prayers don’t seem to work , Donnie boy! Clearly ur witchcraft isn’t working so well in our White House either ! Burn witch burn
Still not a word about Shaw Jr huh?? Nothing at all?? Way too be a POS POTUS...
#StatehoodPR !!

This is what Trumps 'thoughts and prayers' are worth!!

How about you show them your appreciation for their sacrifice as #American #Soldiers by sending #aid to their #lovedones in #PuertoRico !!??!!!  (I rally wish I could #bold & #italicize & #underline #American #Soldiers !!!  @PR_Forgotten #@PuertoRicoAid
Thank you,  President Trump.
Are you trying to act presidential or does someone else have your phone? Yes, someone else has to be. You’re out of your mind with fear now aren’t you? Don’t freaking mess with Americans! Traitor trump needs to be an example of what we do to traitors!
Thank you Mr. President! 
Thoughts and Prayers Mr President!  Keep making America Great. Coming along way making progress now that Obama is out of office. Most people that are disrespecting you are low life's that are unhappy keep kicking ass
Did it crash while delivering a whole payload of much needed thoughts and prayers for the hurricane victims?
Haha, with lawyers like Rudy Giuliani who needs investigators. 
Good start. Now, when will you do something about rebuilding PR?????
What about helping the people of Puerto Rico? They’re still suffering and are facing another hurricane season. Thoughts and prayers don’t feed people, rebuild their homes and get them electricity. Don’t forget how hard these people worked.

But still no praises for the black man that stopped an American terrorist. Fuuuuuk yoouu
