Hi there, Montana voter here.  Zip code 59803.  I stand with @SenatorTester and because of your bullshit tweets about my senator, I'm donating to his campaign today.  In Montana we don't blame other people for our mistakes.  Unfortunately you haven't learned that lesson yet.
In Montana I guess just throwing out unsubstantiated lies is good...not a place Id want to visit if they all like you which I suspect they ALL aren't
Hi Val, happy Saturday.  Senator Tester  was happy to openly discuss the accusations from 23 of Dr. Jackson's co workers, but Dr Jackson took his name out of the running before it got to that point.  Tester has spent his entire career protecting veterans and this is no exception
Too bad he didn't do it before smearing someone first...Dr Jackson is honorable and noble and put country over party..He new the swamp hate would hurt getting him confirmed and go on and on and on  like the dems have done..Secret Service has denied accusation
#BlueWave Maybe you should read the comments of the 20 military people who came forward to raise the alarm. Are saying they are lying or dishonorable?  They are not Democrats.  How do u explain this?
..obvious already a lie was told
Yeah - the lie that trying to inform u might help u understand.  @SenatorTester reported (not decided or accused)  the decision by republicans & Dems on a committee that heard complaints from 20 conservative military people who served w Ronny. #TrumpParrot #TrumpRussia #BlueWave
How come the liberals want to put the onus on Trump for these Jackson allegations? They’re fake, but if they were true we should be blaming Bush who hired him and Obama who kept him for 8 years!
David Axelrod loved Ronny Jackson a few months ago!
Susan Rice also had some great things to say about Dr. Ronny Jackson until Trump nominated him for the VA!
Liberals will turn on anyone Trump supports in a dime. Look at how they’re doing Kanye. It’s hypocrisy of the highest order. 

We should be focused on a great government. They haven’t even allowed Trump to staff a full cabinet.
NO ONE HAS EVER SEEN A PRESIDENT SO OBSTRUCTED AS THE DEMOCRATS ARE OBSTRUCTING TRUMP!
Oh so the republicans blatantly saying "obstruct obstruct obstruct " when Obama was elected is totally different?  Ok.
Republicans are more civilized than democrats.  They never obstructed the way these Dems are doing
Now Sen. John Tester  must IMMEDIATELY resign TODAY.  If he continues to refuse, Montana, IMPEACH him & Vote him out.
Hey John Tester: making false accusations against American heroes like Dr. Ronny Jackson is no laughing matter.
I would like to see someone check into his past. Doubt he squeaky clean.
Re-nominate #RonnyJackson Put him back in the confirmation procesd.
Does anyone whine more than you?
Yeah the Democratic Party for the last year and half. Have you been under a rock?
Trump is the one that brings up the election nearly every single day.
You are kidding right?  The media has been saying it was illegitimate since election night!!!  Non stop coverage.
I agree the election was legit but that is the main reason for the “resistance”.  They think he colluded with Russia to steal the election.
Educate yourself.
‘Recognizing Powerful Interests Running the Joint, More Than 75% of Americans Back Campaign Finance Reform’

Time to say no to Dark Money.
‘Trump supporters share the most “junk” news, conspiracy theories: study’ 

Propaganda helps them stay in comfortable denial.
‘African Americans are more than three times more likely to be arrested for pot possession than whites’ despite blacks and whites using at the same rate...

...so Seattle just moved to have 30 years of charges dismissed. Fantastic! 
‘Conservatives Will Never Get the Respect They Crave. They Don’t Deserve It’
‘There’s New Evidence Trump Obstructed Justice in the House Intelligence Committee’s Minority Report’ 

SCHIFF: That if the Director didn’t lift the cloud of the Russian investigation, that he would take action against you?

MCCABE: That’s correct’
‘The Other Reason Trump Hasn’t Fired Scott Pruitt: His Evangelical Christian Ties’

Time for Evangelicals to denounce Pruitt.
#TheResistance #stablegenuis #SexualPredatorTrump #BoycottIngramAdverts #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence #FireHannity #FakeFox #Resist #RemoveTrump #FuckingMoron #FakeGOP #GunReformNow #GunControlNow #BoycottNRA #FireIngraham #StormyDaniels #BlueWave2018 #FirePruitt #MarchForOurLives

Trump is your President so if you’re proud of your country you’re proud of him!!
Not necessarily. Trump is not the country. He is just an employee of the country &  the one trying to destroy it. I'm proud of what my country stands for. I'm not proud of what trump or the corrupt GOP stand for. In America we don't HAVE TO like the president & I don't.
He is the duly elected President of the greatest country on the planet!   He should be respected as should the millions of Americans who voted him in.   Cut out your biased thought and give him a chance
Respect must be earned. Trump deserves none.
Nor did Obama and Dems!
See!    There you go!   Mean spirited and ugly!  Why so crude and rude?    Why can’t people disagree without calling names and mud slinging.   This is the difference between Dems and Republicans.   We are all a part of the same human race.  No need to be hateful!


Who are you going to pick next? Dr. Bornstein?
That's fucking amazing from a guy who said for years that Obama wasn't born in the US, and who still thinks the Central Park 5 are guilty. Take away all his false accusations and he wouldn't have even had a campaign.
"I've lost count as to how many Trump appointees have been sidelined because of their past views or conduct," said Chris Lu, former cabinet secretary under President Barack Obama.
 
"This is further evidence of a non-existent vetting process."
Hired and Fired: the Unprecedented Turnover of the Trump ... https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/16/us/politics/all-the-major-firings-and-resignations-in-trump-administration.html … …
He led John McCain's presidential campaign and worked in the Bush White House. Here's what @SteveSchmidtSES says about the #Trump administration: cc: @NormEisen @RWPUSA
Swamp Things: More Than 50% of President Trump’s Nominees Have Ties to the Industries They’re Supposed to Regulate
Nobody wants to work for Donald Trump because he is 'crazy', former senior Republican official says
White House Staffers Are Desperate To Leave Trump – But No One Will Hire Them | TYT Network http://bit.ly/2oSHsFa 
thank you i get tired of listing all the wrongs of trump because arguing with his cult of followers is useless at times they praise his lies and deceit
Dude, seriously get over it. He lost.  Here is a better doc than #RonnyJackson
Dr. Feel good.  #toomanyscrips
Why are you such a liar?
'Jackson’s nickname was “Candyman” among White House staff, because he would give them prescription medications whenever they wanted without paperwork.’

Perfect Trump nominee. He can prescribe opioids to all the vets so they won’t notice they are left homeless and hungry. #MAGA
Here say, Innuendo and speculation - PROVE IT
You orange-skinned rough-minded flax-wench
Unfortunately for you it isn’t slander when it is true. And also unfortunately for us your appointment couldn’t be held up for the same reasons.
Admiral Ronny Jackson was good enough to serve his country & 3 previous Presidents. They would slander Jesus Christ if they knew it would hurt you Mr President. 4,5000 people were praying for you on Facebook live yesterday & your entire team.  God Bless the USA  #MAGA Sir
And Trump would slander Jesus Christ himself if he got in his way.  I hate to break this to you but Jesus was a liberal.  The kind of old hippy you'd hate.   Ironic, isn't it?  Now rest.
Jesus threw the money changers (corrupt) out of the temple! “They conspired with Judas, one of Jesus' 12 Apostles, and paid him 30 pieces of silver to look for an opportunity to betray Jesus”. They must have been Liberal Democrats!
Sounds like the Trump administration conspiring with Putin. to betray America  Jesus would definitely throw Donald out.  After relieving him of a few of his billions - which technically, as a Christian, Donald should already have given to the poor.
How does anyone have 0 followers. #russianbot
I’m sure that you have forgotten that Jesus was a brown skinned liberal Jew. He did indeed through the money lenders out of the temple as he would do with 45 and his lot now.
Words like liberal didnt exist back then - ah good times!
#TossTester
Mueller is on you like stink on shit.
And four dots to begin here. What's with all the random dots?
Trump is such a liar. Believe the aposite of what Trump says and your better off.   Ruining Republican party!  All my Veteran and military friends are finally not believing the Trump lies. 
Biggest Liar in History award. He owes Russia money for loans on 2 bill in properties..

Sharon, your hatred is showing.
Everyone wake up for your Sunday morning hate sermon in lieu of church.
lol it’s Saturday. I have no idea what day it is. Well it’s a freebie as I will put all the money that the same thing will happen again tomorrow morning.
How is it slander if it is the truth azzwipe?
You lie about everyone and everything. It's disgusting. Nor did Tester lie when he reported allegations that had been made, although one can question what allegations should've been disclosed without vetting. Much like you didn't vet Dr Ronny.
Nobody slanders people more than you do, Trump.
Will you resign due to your inappropriate behavior?  Slander against many?  Your continued attempts to tarnish others and their reputations because they don’t agree with you?  Before you demand others to be accountable, you should hold yourself accountable.
You mean like Hillary Clinton’s, bill Clinton, and barrack Obama? Double standard much?
I’m just a voter who voted for you. Good job
You couldn't even name the capital of Montana?and it's not covfefe.
But it’s ok for u to destroy the lives of good people in the FBI.  SLUG.
LIED TO THE  PEOPLE & SOLD OUT THE MIDDLE CLASS TO FOREIGN INVESTORS & PROFITED FOR SELF

This man was good enough to be the private doctor for three presidents but the left would rather destroy him than let you select him to help all veterans! The depth the left will stoop to still surprises me!
If his reputation has been shattered, it ties directly to the Orange Fraud, famously blaming others for his toxicity. When unqualified candidates are put forward, this happens, but with Trump, anyone in range gets slimed, most notably Hannity and earlier this week, Faux itself.
I heard this episode in my head the second I read your tweet
The ignorance from Trump haters is stunning. I would have a little more respect  if they were honest and admitted they don't believe in capitalism or our constitution.
That's why the economy is booming, tax cuts are helping, employment opportunities are growing, businesses are booming because of less regulation, North Korea is negotiating towards an end to the Korean war. Yea! He's not smart ... he is brilliant.
Tax cuts are helping who?  Man, you guys are dense.
Tax cuts mean less money goes to the bloated federal government. It also helps business grow and hire more employees. people are keeping more of their own money. Why would that be a problem? Unless you like big government it is a positive.
They’re not using it to grow. They’re not giving out raises. They’re buying back stock. America got played.
You have no clue of the facts. You just regurgitate what ignorant people tell you. Good luck with that!
You nominated an Old mangy dog with fleas and now you complain that he won’t stop scratching??
Please resign tonight. Thanks!
Pot.... meet kettle.
This is not a compliment to the people of Montana. You should apologize to them. Actually, you should apologize to everyone you've ever met.

You know a lot of Americans who maybe Democrares are also great people and you try and do the same thing every day with your tweets and http://lies.It ’s really sad that we can’t trust anything that is said by you, the GOP, and even some Dems.The swamp and lies in DC 
Well Jackson lied his ass off about your health. I believe Tester more than him or you.
Central Park Five.
Liberalism is a mental disorder
American People won’t stand for the VA being headed by a guy who is not a stellar administrator!  Or one that was not vetted properly by a lazy White House. Thank GOD Tester got the inside scoop. You & Your Team are LAZY! Vets deserve the BEST!
This is the US, not some tin pot dictatorship. You have no business calling for the resignation of a Senator who is only doing his job. If you had better judgement, you wouldn't have nominated Jackson in the first place, & he woudn't have been so heavily scrutinized.
Thank you. @jontester does care about our veterans unlike trump. 
Someone can be a great person & still have substance abuse issues. Disease & addiction are physical, not moral. If the allegations are false, that will come out in the wash. But denial prevents improvement.
Stupid Tester didn't make the accusations!  Someone in the WH did!  He was the receiver!
What a foul woman! You weren’t the only one voting...hello? No class!
Montana voter here and Republican. I support Tester regardless of his party affiliation because he has represented Montanans, not politics.
I applaud your ethics!
Dividing the country ? I think that’s the democrats and their dependent followers . He is trying to make things better for the working class ! Wake up !
Maybe Tester needs 2 B tested.
Does he have something to hide?
#NotFairTester
#DemocraticDiversion
#TarmacMeeting
#UraniumOne
#AwanSpiesInGovernment
#ISISTrainingCampsInAmerica
#ReleaseTheTexts[Unredacted]
#WeinerLaptop
#ReleaseTheVideo
#ClintonFoundation
#AmericaForSale
#QAnon
Do you not understand that his job is to question reports from his staff?  He isn't the one making tha accusTions.
His Secret Service said the statements were not true.

accusTions?  

English?
Wah wah, wah. Dude, stop being a cry baby and start acting like our president!
he can’t cause he’s only a fake president!
Wake up Ro he is your President
No, he isn't. Donald is a fake. A phony. A fraud. #UnfitToBePresident
John McCain is a joke! No hero, he’s a zero! Everyone knows it!

As usual, POUTUS is trying to shoot the messenger to make the truth go away.
Senator Tester didn't make the accusations against Rear Adm Jackson; 23 current and former servicemen and women did.
.@SenatorTester on accusations against Dr. Ronny Jackson: “These aren’t my accusations, these are accusations that have come from active and retired military personnel” #MTPDaily
The great people of Montana would also not stand for a VA Secretary who is wholly unqualified.
He should have vetted him a bit better. All on Trump but he takes no responsibility what’s new.
His moths operendi.
Hateful autocorrect!! Motus Operandi. 
Riiight Spanky. 
All those servicemen and women had nothing better to do than slander the guy who told us you weigh 239 lbs.
Yeah yeah all because he said your fat ass was in great shape and you could live too 200 years old
The great people of Montana know that you don’t have a clue. We actually value people here. We tell the truth.
You should not get into an argument with American about what’s fair. 

If things were fair, you’d be out of the White House and running your shitty reality show.

#FuckYouTrump
Like you give a flip for "fair" in the way you treat people who don't agree with you.  Give a rest.
Great doctor who practices medicine under the influence. Why is it everything is slander or fake unless it comes from you?
....great people of the USA will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Mueller is the kind of man that those in the USA would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, #Trump!
No it’s not fair! The democrats and the fbi will destroy anybody to create the result that they want! The swamp runs deep!

POTUS Kinda like you slandered Obama for years saying that he wasn't born in the United States? Obama was a great American born human being that most in this country respected and admired! But Trump just had to make up lies about him for his own twisted pleasure! Not fair!
If you believe he is an honorable man why didn’t you stand up and fight for him. You encourage him to resign you gave him a way out. He should have gone thru the nomination proceedings and protected his reputation.
Because that would require DJT to have courage & convictions. He has neither. He’s just a bully who wants the world to worship him or be afraid of him.
I can’t believe you tweet like a high schooler.
Nah....it would generous to compare his tweeting ability to a fifth grader....an insult to the fifth grader though
You’re not as worried about his reputation as you are finding another quack to lie about your weight. You weigh only 239 lbs and I’m a bike.
In fairness, I'd think you had two wheels before he tipped the scales under 275.
Touché
Sounds like the guy is a drunk without the experience needed to manage the very important VA that serves brave veterans. So many hurting veterans dealing with devastating combat related mental illness deserve better.
I haven’t met 1 person who was strong enough to deny opioids from a spinal cord tumor being “removed”!  You need to spend 250 billion just on finding an alternative to opioids with no health risks. 6 billion is not enough!  Or pharmaceutical companies would have found it!
One word, "Birther"
If you want to keep Dr. Feelgood in the White House, fine, but the VA needs someone better qualified to run the agency. I stand with @SenatorTester.
Because he’s white, is that your Montana dog whistle? Your Admiral was woefully unprepared and inexperienced for the job of administrator. You’re the one with egg on your face, Trump. You just don’t think much, do you? Dotard.
Hey, Duh..nold,
Suddenly I like @SenatorTester
Coming from the guy who made up was it 56 conspiracy theories about Obama?  He took way more than you, he just didn't whine about it every day.  He actually had Republicans who made a pact not to do anything even if it was good to make him fail.
Democrats exist in this country. Deal with it.
WRONG!!!! Us Montanans love Tester and know he was looking out for our veterans. Maybe next time you should properly vet your people whom you want to hold office!
No, Tester definitely should resign or be expelled from the Senate. Tester just ruined someone reputation and career over a lie. It's defamation.
That was no lie! It’s been well documented and Tester is on firm ground. However, I guess you’re an advocate that a person who lies should resign, eh? Then Trump should resign as well. Your words!
Well documented by whom? Where is this documentation?
Defamation of character

?  Lies are starting to to backfire on you.  Try the truth for once.
The great people of the US won’t stand for your behavior either. You’re a white supremacist, a liar, and a man who cheats on his wives. You should resign.
How about President Obama doing little to clean up the city of flint MI's "lead poisoning", of all those children, is that murder? He was more concern with giving Iran $1.7 billion. He was a do nothing president!
The Democrats are protecting criminal illegals over the safety of American citizen in sanctuary cities. The Democrats are dangerous.
If the Democrats cared about the DACA, a deal would have been done already. The Democrats are only trying to extremely obstruct. Wake up illegals the Democrats are just using you just like the inner cities residents.
I am sick of the Democratic corruption and the Democratic cover ups, and the Democratic falsely accusing. This party is out of control and corrupt.
It is a simple negotiation, funding for the "Wall" for DACA. The Democrats should have jumped on this. The Democrats only want to extremely obstruct our government and try to make our president fail.
True, sence day one the left has done whatever possible to destroy Potus Trump. The left has lost they're goddamn mind.
We haven’t lost our minds. We’re protecting this country from a self serving, dangerous criminal
That is an opinion based on hate rather than logic.
I've got a great solution: You resign. You are a cancer on the Presidency.


But it's perfectly fine for you to slander great American heros like John McCain..
#TrumpRally
It wasn't slander, it's what employees have said about Dr. Jackson. It's called TRUTH
Sand with Tester and dump trump
Shut up, whiner.
Vet your nominations you lazy, bloviating bumbler.
Need to to bring down the root which is George Soros, son of holocaust leader who owns medias; ABS, MSNBC,NBC, CBS, CNN.
Donnie boy hate to tell you but that is politics. You said you were different because you were not a politician. Well trump let me tell you that you are worse than a politician. Because your ethics are in the toilet along with your mouth and respect for other humans
The great people of Montana don't take marching orders from Washington D.C. And they tend not to think a whole lot of city slickers like you. Thank you @SenatorTester for standing up for our veterans.

Isn’t it the elected officials duty to look into and question anything that would hinder an appointed officials ability to properly use American’s tax dollars? If they aren’t true, why are you mad instead of happy?
OMG really, really Trump as many reputation you have ruined over the years of your life! you have a lot of damn nerve?
Too bad. So sad. You must hate it there surrounded by people who hate you & lie to you all the time. You are the single most picked upon person in the world, poor you. I really don't know how you deal with it. I'm gonna go cry for you now. Okay? 
You shatter reputations every time you open your mouth! #takeaseat and go back to what you are good at, which is nothing. Oh, wait you are good at prostitutes and paying them off.
If he was good at it he wouldn’t get caught.
He thinks he is invincible, and he is a narcissist so he doesn't care. Everyone else who does it is wrong, but he believes he is above all. He is a little man, and his day is coming.
You know, you’re not helping him ...
This is Jon Tester...
“You take one look at him and know he’s a lying sleazebag”

You believe Mr. “I’ll be too busy to golf” though? 

Hey, has the check from Mexico come in yet to pay for the wall?
You are unfit to be president.
#Traitor!
Hey Donnie. Ima need you to never ever tell Montanans what they think ever again. 

Forming our own opinions is kind of our thing. 

You don’t know the people who live here. And if you think you do, your assumptions are most likely inaccurate. 

#BornAndRaised
You are so pathetic. And transparent but not in a good way. 
Oh STFU Donald. There aren’t enough words to describe how moronic you are.
Donnie Douche Bag you lie everyday why don't you resign? The great people of America don't respect you!
Time to boot him out of office!
Tester should resign, right after low hanging fruit Gorsich quits for being confirmed by low votes after stealing the spot. Fair trade.
I call on Trump to resign!
It’s the truth Pinocchio
Just remember that president Mohamed buhari has killed so many nigeria and the Biafra people, remember to ask him questions about that when he comes
If they voted for you they will stand with slander you're the king of slander!
You should keep him as your doctor and give him a promotion.
Liar
So Donnie, if you’re happy with dr Jackson, keep him. If you’re not concerned that he might be drunk or passed out when you have a heart attack or stroke, good luck to you. Hope you’re really 239 lbs.
@POTUS: Your Theme Song: “Racket Man (I Think I’m Gonna Steal Up Every Dime”: http://youtu.be/JJ4NumTnQFM  @eltonofficial #music #maga #potus #kleptocracy #DrainTheSwamp #Trump #RocketMan #NorthKorea #SundayMorning #Nashville #artnews #10YearsOfKatyPerry #BREAKING #AmericaFirst

Not fair?  Awwww.  Buck up, crazypants.  It's only going to get worse for you.
The people of the United States had to tolerate your birther bullshit. Funny how the rules are different for the Orange folk!
Can't be losing the White House drug supplier now, can we? Plus he says you're only 239.
Trump you’re the REASON Adm Jackson reputation is in tatters!!  But you find solace in deflecting to Jon Tester’s findings. Because of her STUPIDITY AND UTTER INEPTNESS, you have triggered an investigation into his actions, behaviors and decision making as a medical doctor! YOU!
Adm Jackson, was ok doing what he was doing, butt kissing to chief to you!! YOU THREW HIM OUT THERE WITHOUT ANY BACKGROUND CHECK. ASSUMING!! Mr Tester DO NOT LET THE IDIOT GET AWAY WITH MORE LIES MANIPULATION AND DISTRACTIONS TO COVER HIS PENILE EGO @realDonaldTrump @jontester
Like when you said Raphael Cruz's dad killed Kennedy? Or President Obama was not an American?  Eat a bag of dicks you hypocritical tool.
I agree.  People that hold public office that lie and slander should resign.  
When can we expect your resignation?
Watching you now at the rally in MI.
  Love you, Mr. President !!!
With all do respect, I hope you find out who/what /where these smear talking points came from and do something! You allow holdovers in the other abc's to remain in control. The reach is far and wide and folks like Tester and Isackson hold thier water.  #qanon
Good grief.  You're either gullible as hell or you think we are.  We aren't.  The man is clearly not an honorable representative for the Navy.  Maybe he once was but has gone wrong.  Either way, his behavior isn't acceptable and it's time to retire this guy out.
He and you are so FULL IF RUSSIAN SHIT!!!
has anybody thought about how many apps are probably on trumps phone? since he’s president they take functions away from your phone, so probably only twitter and an app for nuking North Korea. the nuke app has a big red button when you open it.
But it is OK for you to lie about everyone?? You need to resign then.  What is good for the goose is good for the imbecile.
If Tester should resign over so called false allegations--then you should resign for all your lying about Russia and everything else.


Montana veterans disagree with you.
I'm a Montanan, and I stand with @jontester!  @MTDems @MTCowgirlBlog @mtdemocratnews
Do you remember that you can't hire nor fire the men and women in Congress? Your job is not the same as your crooked businesses, you are no longer the boss. You are the *SERVANT* of the people. Stop your whining. YOU didn't vet Ronny as YOU should have. YOU ruined his reputation.
You set the man up for that failure!
@jontester smart people of Montana know who to trust.  It is not Trump. The land that gave us Mike Mansfield Max Baucus John Melcher won’t be fooled.
F off @FoxNews F off @foxandfriends
Blame blame blame, take responsibility for your actions and deport all Trumptards to an island and let Kim have target practice.
Yikes! You demented soul! Oh wait you probably have a soul! My Bad! 
Keep backing those Republicans. An endorsement from you is like the kiss of death.  Just ask Connor Lamb or Doug Jones. 
Your Trump Midas. Everyone you come into contact with life turns into shit. White House staff is abandoning your swamp
Then why did you pull his nomination? Put him back up and let all the facts come out. But you won’t, coward.
Oh, you mean The Candy Man?
Thus from our most slanderous occupant if the Oval Office in history. What a hypocrite!
If he goes they will have to find another doctor to get pills from. Not even #politicians like #changing #Doctors.
It’s not slander if it’s true!
Trump, the least fair of all Americans. And a lying racist to boot!
Then why did he quit?
Says the man who constantly makes up lies about others.
I am a Vietnam combat veteran ( FMF Navy Corpsman) served with USMC infantry & 100% V A Comp. I detest what the democrats are doing to subvert the U.S.Constitution & the original intent of the founding fathers. DOMESTIC ENEMIES!
Oh just shut up!
Totally agree with you. The people of the great state of Montana are smart. They voted for you, they have to be smart. We love you.
Vet, sorry
Slander? How about you pushing that ridiculous nonsense that Obama was born in Kenya? That’s just one example of all the lies you tell on a daily basis; if you hold yourself to the same standard as what you insist for Tester, your resignation is due.
#CadetBoneSpurs you tell him he better not call someone NAMES it's not a respectable person respects the  titles & position's of all (AMERICANS) evon if they are subordinates.
The only reason Admiral Jackson's reputation has been shattered is because YOU reached out & touched his life (much like the kiss of Judas). Everything & Everyone you touch turns black & wilts away. You need to resign before you create more carnage.Stop disgracing the Trump name.
Admiral Ronny Jackson stood before the country and said trump weighed 239 lbs.  That one lie alone disqualified him to head the Veterans Administration!
CNN would run a smear campaign on Mother Teresa if she said she was Republican.
You will be impeached, and you will go to prison -- along with the rest of your family.

#Unfit
They stand for all your slander. Tester has a hell of a long way to go to catch up with your slanders
For no reason? How about 20 US troops coming forward and telling about his quackery? So much for supporting the troops, eh?
When allegations are made there is  50 % chance they are true. We knew this doctor to be a liar when he said if Yrump would exercise he could live to 200.


Wahhhh!!!! Not fair! Stomps his feet. Turns red in the face.... wait ...not my friend's 2nd grader...its our President.....sadddd
Is it a Tester problem or a vetting problem.. Who's gotten it wrong more?
If you think he’s innocent of these claims then renominate him and let it play out. Here is a tip, start vetting your cabinet appointees.
Montanans know Jon Tester. You won’t hurt him. Ifiot
#RemoveTester
No, they won't! This unethical politician must get kicked out of congress one way or another.. impeachment?
How about you fix Flint while you're in Michigan giving yet another demented rant because they no longer qualify as speeches
To bad they won’t speak that way about you....words like, cheater, wack-a-doodle, dotard, racist, sexist....and a few others come to mind
What a disgrace to do  shame on all who assisted it causing harm to this man and his family.
The great people of Montana know that every time you move your lips you're telling a tall fishing story....
Jon tester must resign. We don’t need a liar in the senate.
