Ssssshhhhhh! We want him to go back on FAUX Noise and admit to more crimes.


The start of the interview vs. the end of the interview. (The faces tell it all.) 

Stormy, you are going to stand b/f God and truth will b known by Him, no lying anymore !  U R being used by the left/ Commies !!

Love watching President on fox and friends!
He sounded confident.. I Love that.
he sounded insane
The greatest president in decades.
Hes going down Harry
Dump, I hope you are right , Mueller's committee is corrupt and must be disbanded or replaced, the same with the top supervisors and heads of the FBI, CIA, and DOJ. These heads are incompetent and corrupted. They must be replace, fired, or arrested.
Harry no sense arguing with your off the wallbrant.  Lets watch The Trump Show together and see how it all ends for BLOTUS.
Trump is a Winner..
LOL your rant was that of a crazy person.
So did @MichaelAvenatti and the government lawyers in SDNY. They were SO EXCITED that you made their cases so much easier for them. In fact, they hope ur a regular from now on. Soon they'll have all the info they need to indict u & Michael Cohen. #greatshow #dumbanddumber #idiot
You sounded insane as ever 
So did Stormys attorney
Sir ,, you were fantastic ,,, very nice to have a president who know’s what he is  doing for-a-change !!
LoL!!!
Haha
& America loved see you on this morning, ratting A++ ! We love you President Trump !  #Maga #Trump2020
Aaaaand, while you were on Fox and Fools, one guess where your *wife* was...

Go ahead, @realDonaldTrump, guess!

*
*
*

Oh alright, I'll tell you...she was dreaming about the man who makes her smile.

#HappyBirthdayMelania
What a callous SOB

WHY did u offer to stand in solidarity w/Canada when uve SD nothing abt an American Hero @JamesShawJr9

Nor have u mentioned the victims killed in this hate crime.

u suck! Every thing you touch turns to shit. NOT bc of Democrats. It's by your own incompetence
KKK leaders were democrats, btw.
Until the parties switched platforms. You guys own it, now. Congrats.
Nobody switched ideologies. They’re still racists. They switched parties.

Dixiecrats started fleeing after the Voting Rights Act passed and LBJ got some blacks seated at the Democratic convention. Nixon seized on that to recruit to the GOP. 

They teach this in high school.
“Confederate racists” is oxymoronic. 

You probably mean American slaveholders. Rich guys w money tied up in slaves formed the Confederacy and revolted. Nobody else wanted war.

Southern racism is complicated, but it’s largely about social status. 

Words matter.
No, facts matter. Learn some.
Philemon 1:25
The #grace of our #LordJesusChrist be with your #spirit. #Amen.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
god is dead. money is supreme.
Colossians 2:8
Beware lest anyone cheat you through #philosophy and empty #deceit, according to the #tradition of #men, according to the basic principles of the #world, and not according to #Christ.
Yeah- it was great listening to a Raving lunatic!!
Your best performance to date! Please keep talking! 
Thank you Donald, very cool!
When grandpa's telling the same stories again and you can't get him off the phone 


Dude that was not a good look
Champion

I can safely say that we *all* loved your being on that show.
Are you kidding me? He rambled on and on sounding like the moron he truly is.
You mean where you admitted to Cohen represented you on Stormy Daniels???
Did you do any tricks or jokes?
You have lost your damn mind, stable genius.
They had to cut you off because your happy pills were kicking in.
No attack, no victims, no chem weapons: Douma witnesses speak at OPCW briefing at The Hague (VIDEO)
Well that’s one opinion.
Year and a half, nothing burger. Keep the “investigation” going. I love how NOTHING has transpired....
We all loved seeing your insane old man meltdown.
Were you hopped up on Percocet from Candy Man Jackson? #RavingLunaticTrump

We loved it too! Although I don't watch State TV, your unhinged -totally triggered interview was funny AF! You are one crazy ass old man. We appreciate you giving prosecutors more evidence, that will expedite your Resignation.


So, no one has let you watch it yet, huh?
You are kidding yourself.  You just confirmed everything you've said in the past were lies.  History will not treat you well.
You are the gift that keeps on giving...to prosecutors
You're just an incredibly special kind of stupid, aren't you?
Was the med dosage changed?
Great certainly for @MichaelAvenatti !
You've got a BIG MOUTH!
yes please do that more often, sir!
Were you calling from Bellevue?
That went well!!
I loved sleeping in
We loved your being on.  Admitting you knew about the Stormy deal your shady lawyer did is huge.
Great, but next time you bellow “No Collusion!”, please take a minute to explain why you needed to invent the “Russian adoptions” excuse for Jr., Kushner & Manafort’s meeting with “Russian lawyer” & Sergei Chaika operative Natalia V. in June 2016 at TT? You conspired to lie. Why?
Yes i'm sure you did Donnie. We loved it too. Especially the part where you stupidly admitted that Michael Cohen represented you in the Stormy Daniels case. You idiot! listen to your lawyers advice and st.... (Actually! keep talking) Never mind what i said.


Kanye/Trump2020 

Just kidding. One will be in prison and the other in a mental institution..
They BOTH need to be in a mental ward!!!
I enjoyed you contradicting yourself. When you tell so many lies you cant keep them straight anymore
Oh you don’t remember he proved it by... saying some of them weren’t attractive enough so there is no way he would of sexually assaulted

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Brilliant!
I’ve never seen an anchor cut off an interview with a President because he was ranting and raving while sounding insane. Until this interview. #TrumpResign #FoxAndFiends
We know you have a lot to do Mr. President we're gonna let you go now. We know you're super busy. Bye now. You've got to go now sir. You've somebody on the other line sir. We'll let you go sir. Bye now. Bye. You have to take another call. Sorry, you have to get to work sir. Bye--
Robert mueller loved you on there too! So much information you gave him that he is putting a rush on the completion of your oversized orange jumpsuit
Oversized jumpsuit, LOL!
“Great show”?  Are you serious?  It was a total and complete meltdown by a USA president the “likes of which the world have never seen”.  You showed yourself to be a sick, and very disjointed man with no coherent message.  It was almost sad but for it being you. Get some help now
It's going to be a lot harder to tweet when you're put into a straight jacket.
I think he is making a case for an insanity plea.
You notice that @Comey was very clear in his CNN interview to say that @realDonaldTrump didn't appear to be mentally ill.
I actually wondered about it at the time
I thought the same thing.
At least he doesn't give our enemies nuclear capabilities.
The only way you idiots have to justify this shit show of a "president" is to cite a lower bar or engage in whataboutism.
Trump is an inept corrupt clown on his own merit (or lack of).
Lol. What is wrong with you? That was embarrassing. If it weren’t so funny to hear you rant mindlessly it would be depressing.
YES it was great to watch the hosts be afraid to move/show their expressions to your shouting & have to cut you off. Seriousy - no one cuts a call with the President short. UNLESS, you know he’s unhinged & making of fool of himself.

Yep - it was great fun to watch that happen!
Is this for real???  Just wow 
I am a loss for words.  This is worse than I thought...now I'm really concerned 
OMG ....They couldn’t wait to get you off of Fox,quite hilarious!
If you thought that was a great show, you're the only one...
Dude, you were off the rails

Yeah, an emptiness inside him that got filled up with Russian rubles.
We loved it, too! #MAGA .. keep talking!!!! #MuellerIsComing
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @RandPaul @SenMikeLee  How is President #Trump really doing (i.e., real results vs. phony rhetoric) for The #American People? Trump's Report Card (April 2018). #USA #Americans #America #Constitution #2A #1A #WeThePeople #PJNET #AmericaFirst #MAGA
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @SenMikeLee Use the U.S. #Constitution, YOU as the PRESIDENT/CIC can FIRE anyone (i.e., Mueller, Rosenstein, Sessions, and Wray) in the EXECUTIVE BRANCH at WILL FOR NO REASON or ANY REASON AT ALL. Fire all of them now. #USA #Americans #RuleOfLaw #MAGA
It should be called Farts and Friends after that! Take some Beano!

You yelled for 30 minutes.  Ranting is the new love.
Only you would think that went “great”.  Once again you made a complete fool of yourself talking off script.  You are an embarrassment to our country!!!
He represented me on this crazy Stormy Daniels deal...Gold 
The hosts sat with mouths agape at your hysterical, self-incriminating rant. It was pretty awesome.
Yeah. Great show!! 

. That has to be photo shopped!!
Yeah. Great show.
Bahahahaha 
Yes the prosecution loved it!!!
I especially loved the part about Cohen doing so little business for you. So did the prosecutors who immediately jumped on that.
We thoroughly enjoyed watching and listening while you blew yourself up! #EpicFail #GuiltyAsCharged #LikeAPro When has a news show ever cutoff a president when being interviewed? #LOL
Nice job!!! You were highly Entertaining & you really have Mueller & a Prosecution aHelping hand& for that the American people THANK you!!! SNL is going to be so AWESOME Tomorrow night!!!keep up the good work! Call fox "News" again soon. VERRRRRY soon!! 
Loved making a fool of myself on @foxandfriends this morning. Great fake news show!
كس امك
The world now has confirmation that you’re an unstable, raving old man.

The beginning of the call and the end of your free association rant.

.#TrumpUnfit
The before and after!
you became unhinged. you were lying & contrary to your belief, repeating a lie does not & will never make it true. the fox fiends tried to shut you down but you kept spewing your dishonest verbal sewage.
#TrumpLies
#TrumpLiesMatter
Everyone giving nice compliments to this clown as he throws himself and Cohen under the bus again. You people are totally clueless! You just don’t get it.
No, it is u who is w/o the Lord so u have no clue !!
Watch cartoons to get your info.
Please keep doing interviews on Fox.

Please keep tweeting.

Mueller isn't watching. Really.


And an incredibly big, "THANK YOU" from #TheResistance!
Wow, that sure turned out to be some crazy rantings

Lol...  We'll see, Sessions didn't open back up this investigation because she did good in them 11 hours. She's going to jail... Nobody left to protect this evil beast.
Beast? She was the First Lady, a Senator and Secretary of State - have a little respect for the titles if not the woman. You can’t call a First Lady names because you don’t like her - it’s not civil. #BehaveYourself
We are talking about Hillary,
I know. But we wouldn’t call Betty Ford a stinking drunk.
That's because we like Betty, we don't like Hillary, she is evil.
I know you don’t like Hillary but I don’t like Trump but I don’t call him names like dumbass, moron, addle brained or anything like that.
You liddle lyre :P  You do to call him names like that...  but like that you are pushing peace out into the universe, it's really sweet, and kind of hot.
@cuckooforcocoa @abbydNYC the greatest 
GOAT
Lol...you incriminated yourself. #MoronicMotherfucker
yes it was!  Showcased your insanity quite well, I thought.
Donald Trump was so unhinged in this call to 'Fox & Friends,' even they had to cut him off
Yes, quite a show of unfiltered trumpism that was so great it was entered into court filings!  Hannity prob wet his pants!  We already know Cohen just flipped quietly. Wait for it.....
We who want you impeached really really appreciate it Mr. President!!

WINNING.  GREAT JOB. TURN OFF CIA4AM.FAKE NEWS. STAY ON OFFENSE,  SIR!
Loved it...did not watch it live...but all the comedians ran it...lol...I hope you saw them all too...it is their business...they have a great business I hear...I don't know but I think their business is funny.
Hahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaaaaahahahahahahahaaaaaa. Man, that was a meltdown and I thank you for the laughter
At least somebody loved it  68% laughed their a$$es off and 32% are still mortified but would never admit it publicly 
We loved your semi-unhinged rant too.. please, feel free to do it again sometime! The fox and friends hosts looked like they were in pain toward the end. Priceless ... HAHAHAHAHA
Wow. When you can't stop yourself from babbling big fat fibs and telling on yourself and contradicting yourself and indicting yourself and telling everybody you stiffed your wife on her birthday, man you are your worse enemy.
Love it when you talk without a script and when you tweet. Please continue.
Do it again. We like it! We like it! An so do the courts. Interesting how they shut you off too.
Regarding ur relationship w/Cohen - he's more businessman than lawyer, but u don't know what business he's in. Mob translation - he's a 'fixer'. He's ur lawyer 4 more than a decade but he's only handled a small % 4 u. Mob translation - he's UR 'fixer'. Thanks 4 the clarity. 

Here is a true HERO #JamesShawJr   #WaffleHouseShooting
Will be exhibit M in your impeachment hearing

We loved you being on there too #Undhinged #Unfit
Trump shows serious mental breakdown!
What kind of business is a business where the business is the business of business?
So you didn't get a chance to watch the replay of the show? You didn't get to see the look on the faces of the interviewers while you were raging on and on?
You screamed like a panicky 10 year old girl. I enjoyed hearing the fear in your voice immensely. 

#TickTock
I just listened. You were little unhinged. Your friends on 
Faux News were looking a bit uncomfortable....especially that guy on the right of the screen....
Who would know...donald dotard wouldn’t let anyone else get a word in edgewise!

OMG, that meme is tremendous!
Thanks!!
I agree that every American should see that interview to comprehend why so many understand that you are not mentally well.
Did anyone see that one headline “Old Man Yells at Country”?
You sounded like an unhinged off the rails nincompoop! So embarrassing!

#ResignNow
Do you have any idea how absolutely ridiculous you were?  Every comedian I watched featured your ranting, imbecilic tirade.
Please do this again. Entertaining to hear your frantic voice.
Loved watching all the late night hosts mock your 30 minute ramble before the Fox hosts had to cut you off to suggest that perhaps you should be presidenting instead of howling at the tv.
It WAS great!  You had a complete melt-down for all of the world to see.  The Fox hosts looked stunned and worried, before trying to cut you off so you could save yourself.  You lied, you incriminated yourself, you ranted.  What a show!  #ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
Please make a daily phone call! You're such an idiot you don't even realize the hole you're digging gets bigger everytime you open your mouth or tweet!
Did ya love it? Did it feed your ego enough for one day???
Hahahahahahahahahahahahah!  You can't have heard yourself.
I totally nailed the “mentally incompetent for trial” thing. See ya at the loony bin.
It was great!!! You really helped those investigating you.
Great job 
It was brilliant the way you sabotaged any attempt to assert attorney client privilege in the Cohen case, confessed to being party to the Stormy Daniels hush deal, and added even more evidence of intent to obstruct justice. Genius! You really should do this more often.
It was GREAT!  You legally incriminated yourself at least 3 times!
It's obvious that you're feeling  more and more lonely and desperate.  Fox & "Friends" makes you feel less so, but even their panel got overwhelmed by your neediness. 
Walls are closing in on you, aren't they? So is Mueller and his team.
You guys are all dying in your own webs that you have been spinning. Sorry McDonald Plump. Sad show on Fox & Friends you are the Jokerman
A joke
I loved it too? Didn’t watch it live but caught snippets and LOVED how uncomfortable the 3 stooges looked asyou rambled  incoherently and backtracked on lies you had told. All 3 kept trying to rein you in but NOOOOOO. So they finally cut you off at the knees . IT WAS HILARIOUS!
He used to say that @FoxNews   is a fake  but now in #FoxAndFriends he enjoyed too much I like he got confidence by saying it #DonaldJTrump @realDonaldTrump
They cut you off!!!  HAHAHAHAHAHA
This shark smells your farts #SharksforTrump
You made such a fool of yourself...it was absolutely hilarious to watch!
#RantingDonnie
You sounded like you'd taken a week's supply Adderall all at once.

Oooh, Fox and Friends?! They must have grilled you pretty hard.
You were insane you lost your mind and did yourself in with your big mouth. Gave fuel to awesome @MichaelAvenatti and to the #MuellerInvestigation and that is good!

Please call into Fox and Fools more often. Even they shut you up at the end since you could not shut up! Hilarious

I can't wait until they use it against you in court! #CrookedTrump #Conman #LiarInChiefTrump #ResignNow #LockThemAllUp #PutinsPuppet
You were a trainwreck on "Fox and Friends." Good God, Man. Do you listen to yourself? Paper cups have a better sense of logic. #MAGAWHAT?
The show is over,and the monkey's dead.
Yeah, that unhinged rat was hilarious. Even the hosts thought you'd lost it. That would be why they cut you off at then end. Ha! Plus you got Cohen in even more trouble. Keep ranting & tweeting yourself closer to jail buddy, I can't wait.

Hey Don...you’re not the only one who loved listening to you flapping your gums on @foxandfriends ...@Comey feels justified...Robert Mueller totally loved it!! You sure sounded agitated. That’s a sign of GUILT!! Criminal...and you have the nerve to call Hillary “crooked”! Ha!!!
You sounded like a raving lunatic, but I encourage you to call in to as many shows as you can.
Boy, Don, sometimes it's hard to help you. They think you're crazy now, even on Fox. Your best bet is to say you were just rapping like #ActionBronson. "WHY YOU THINK I'M OUT HERE ACTIN' CRAZY?" I think he's white so your base won't freak out.
Showed how insane you are. You needed to be medicated and institutionalized
I’m not sure they would agree with you.
Know who else *loved* your call in to Fox & Friends - Michael Avenatti, along with the prosecutors in the SDNY. You should call in more often.
Do it once a month. Many people are saying it is reminiscent of the beloved FDR’s “Fireside paranoid narcistic, insane rants”  #MuellerIsComing #basta
I guess sarcasm is lost on you.  I was pointing out the huge difference between a gentle, thoughtful ,positive “Fireside”chat from an insane 31 minute insane rant from the bleached blonde bloviator in chief
You're insane.
Oh please, say you will be on every week not just once a month! The material you're providing is contributing so much to the various cases against you. You're a gold mine of illegal deals and deeds.
Now how 'bout a press conference, coward?
Do you not realize you sounded like an f'ing buffoon? So embarrassed you're our president!
I’d like to know what kind of person spews such bitter criticism and hatred toward a US PRES who seems to never sleep defending America’s long over due leadership and laws in the world
A person that sees him as the lying racist conman he is
i didnt watch it but i hope u talked about bringing back the rexburg arctic circle
I was definitely a great show!  Best comedy I've seen for a while.  Keep it up dotard!
Who doesn’t love a good train wreck?  Please do it again!
You should go on the show several times a week! #evidence
Really? I think you need to lay off the nose candy sir!
You’re going to jail, you talk too much Donald!! You are a terrible witness! But keep talking!!!
I agree.  It was great.  You should go on every morning.

Also, NO COLLUSION!
Yes. Everybody's laughing at you. Big clown.
AND YOU SPILLED ALL THE BEANS! GREAT JOB! EVEN YOUR FOX BUDDIES HAD TO SHUT YOU UP!!
So you thought it went well, did you?
The prosecuting attorneys loved it too! Please do more of this! #StormyDaniels #MuellerIsComing #TrumpColluded #fakepresident
Yesterday morning. Im sorry, what day is it?
You are such a tool...
Did they give you a back rub too and cleared the dandruff off your jacket?
You look even dumber today than yesterday. Thanks for the laugh
Idiot
Oh it was great! You again proved yourself a rambling idiot. The look on their faces, priceless 
Lol I loved it too! Wist it went on longer!....dope
Yes, donnie. Your makeup and hair never looked better while “being on the Fox and Friends show” You were so on point! ALL of them. Fascinating facial expressions from your cohosts at  Fix and Frauds.
What a great president!!!  

Trump Humiliated Michael Cohen at His Son’s Bar Mitzvah http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/04/trump-humiliated-michael-cohen-at-his-sons-bar-mitzvah.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-b … via @intelligencer
I don't think Fox and Friends shares your enthusiasm. You were completely unhinged. I guess your meds hadn't kicked in yet.
They cut you off because you were of the rails, again.
You are an embarrassment - even to Fox and Friends.
Your answer regarding Melanias birthday was so shameful... Pathetic

Sounded like someone slipped a little something in your morning egg McMuffin...
Yes, I loved hearing your manic, complete meltdown on Fox & Friends too. Thanks for the morning entertainment. If you weren't the President of the United States, I'd take it in stride, but since you are it makes me very worried for the safety of our country and democracy.
25th amendment now. Clearly you are unhinged. #donthecon
#Mueller
#fakepresident
#buffooninchief
Yes, it was a great show of stupidity at its finest!!! #RESIST #MuellerIsComingForYou
You sounded insane
Oh yeah, Donnie, you rocked it! You showed the world what an illiterate, incoherent, unhinged ass you really are! Good boy!
You do realize you sounded very manic and they actually cut you off lol
It was great watching your unhinged, incoherent ranting. Maybe see if your doc can prescribe some Alzheimer's meds?
Not only making America Great Again  but now Making the World Great Again.. Thank  you President Trump... Awesomeness
