I’m in favor of using our national guard troops to keep you out of my state.
I'm in favor of using our national guard troops to arrest your governor...for starters.
We like our governor. Please stay in Ohio.
Psst! It’s a bot. Don’t engage.
Thanks. The idiocy of the trumpsters makes me crazy.
As evidenced by the Trump Derangement Syndrome visible on this thread, the CIA controlled mockingbird media is very good at what they do. Funny to watch all these folks announcing to the world that they have been brainwashed by displaying their TDS.
By the end of Trump's second term, the spell of mockingbird media propaganda will have been exposed and broken, and Mr. Trump will be widely recognized as greatest president in US history for what he has done in draining the swamp here and around the world. Thank u Mr. President!
A tip to speed awakening for those with TDS: MSM is not your friend. Whatever they're promoting is likely harmful to u. Whoever they're criticizing is likely your friend. They've aligned with an evil cabal that has infected our whole world, but especially this country. Wake up!
When you insist that the entire media is in league with a shadow gov't and the only honest man in town is Trump, you announce to the world that your ideas are not to be taken seriously.
Strawman argument brother - this is one of the classic ways that TDS expresses. None of the above is accurate. There are a few outliers of media sanity, and Trump is far from perfect. But he is kicking the swamp's ass, and for that he is to be commended.
Please tell me where u got that righteous pot from brother, #donniedumbass has done nothing but line his pockets with taxpayer dollars cronies pockets , he lies when the truth sounds better , he demands fealty not seen since Henry the 8th make no mistake history is watching
Your thoughts are not your own friend. Your mind has been hacked. Its not too late, reject the blue pill and come back to reality. Not to worry, reality will be banging on the doors of your imprisoned perception over the next several years to assist your awakening.
How is the weather in Vladivostok Russian troll?
the only crime infestation is your administration #LockHimUp
What is a breeding concept?
Breeding? Insulting
Your facts are incorrect. We Californians are just tired of paying for your nonsense which is the reason we are not happy. Our Governor is light years ahead of you and your swamp monster administration.

#TrumpCrimeFamily #PutinPuppet
By all means you can choose to house an illegal alien family of 6 and pay for food, healthcare, education and anything else they take from the taxpayers who do not want them here..


California loathes you. You and your nationalist hate are the threat to our safety and security, not immigrants.
What revolution, moron? Have seen or read nothing about this. Liar!
I live right by the border in San Diego. It's a pretty day. No scary people or zombies or anything. Not really feeling the need for troops.
Having a bad morning, are we, Spanky?
We totally want more security. Unfortunately for you, I think most of California puts removing you from office at the top of the list for ways to improve our security
Soooo many people want YOU OUT Donnie! Your fake Presidency is ridiculous.
THE CALIFORNIA FREAK SHOW
#WednesdayWisdom
California really needs to divide. Save Northrrn California.
Thank you President Trump! Sent a letter to my local City Council in Orange County demanding they join the lawsuit against Jerry Brown and his criminal, unconstitutional policies.

Shame on you.

Nope. Your gop ppl are sowing unrest in a handful of white racists. #calistrong
How come Jerry Brown knows so much about governing and you don’t?
Actually, we're good thanks.
Trump is a Racist
President Donald Trump These tax cuts contribute significantly to increasing the economy and contributing to small projects for young people. There is always and certainly many opportunities for young people to work in these projects
Give it up @jawfreelok , every comment you've made has been shot down by people who truly understand what is happening, and who want our country to be safe and secure for their families, and trust that @POTUS is trying to do just that 
Show us your taxes
I believe that young man Rachel Maddow "Exposed" his tax return on his show and it ended up indicating he pays more in taxes than Barry Soetoro and most of Congress out together. So idk how the taxes thing could help liberals at this point.
Try harder. I know you can do it.
No need for efforts. If your so confident in your rhetoric go look it up lmao I know how much you libfucks snowflakes hate facts lmaoooo 
One tax return out of 20 years? What about the other 19?
Listen show the requirements for seeing ones taxes as a president. It's only been a problem sense the libfucks lost everything in the 2016 election. How can you have a 2 year delusion. Smh. Your the only one caring about his taxes 19 years ago lmaooo 
California is paradise.
"Breeding concept"? WTF r u talking about?
Wow, you truly are clueless.
There's a revolution going on in your country, Trick!
#BlueWave 
#BlueWaveComing2018
Why don’t you use your energy to solve the issues the folks in Flint MI are still dealing with.  As a patriotic President why are you not enraged these Americans have been lied too, poisoned, and still do not have clean water.
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised

6th largest economy in the world, driver of most of USA growth. Home to 39 Million people, most smart enough to vote for @HillaryClinton just STFU Donnie and thank God (the big guy you pretend to believe in) that we continue to do the heavy lifting for the country.  #maga my ass
Jerry Moon Beam Brown is a DISGRACE!!!!!! IF IT'S BROWN FLUSH IT DOWN!!!!!!
Just please stay away from this crime infested place as you did during the deadly fires& by the way,your golf club sucks
We’re happy. Shut up. California rejected you and your agenda all but unanimously. Go. Away!
"Crime infested breeding concept"??? You're racebaiting
What is he even SAYING? Is the president functionally illiterate? I'm so confused.
I live in California. The only people bitching about Sanctuary Cities are the same people that think that "America" is a "white nation." In short, they couldn't make it to Charlottesville, but they wanted to.
Accurate.
The irony of the second most crooked President (next to you) praising you, is delicious.  I bet you believed him, too.
Don’t presume to speak for Californians. What you know about California would fit on the head of a pin.
To be fair, the entirety of what he knows could fit on the head of a pin. With room to spare.

Speak English!! Plus Americans do want safety & security with proper tough GUN CONTROLS!!! Not a mindblowingly expensive wall
Just because you tell a lie does not make it true. You have no shame about being proven a liar over and over again.
I can't believe that your that naive and all you know to do is flip somebody off that's real intelligence course that's the way with Democrats they don't know too much all I know is tax and spend and criticize and obstruct and try to tear up the country and our constitution
We know about punctuation.
Thanks Kate. So I didn’t have to.
JERRY BROWN is Destroying the Great State of California, he Depends on The Hispanic Votes And does Not Support Law Enforcement !!
He has Turned into a Dictator of the State and NEEDS to be REMOVED  !!!
He Will Not Support the Laws Of the Land !!
California Guard had been working Border and Counterdrug missions for many, many years...this is not a new concept. The Guard is already there. Why isn't any one reporting this? Guard cannot be civilian law enforcement, cannot arrest, etc civilians - Posse Comitatus Act.
Yeah well I live in California and I want the illegals gone I don’t if they are law abiding they aren’t citzens they need to go . California is overpopulated as it is
Who's going to pick all your produce? Who's going to do all the landscaping? Who's going to clean all the houses? If you live in California, which I doubt, you'd know that with all illegal immigrants "gone" your economy would suffer greatly.

It also matters that he obviously was on drugs on at least 1 of the 'debates' w HRC.
Prove it !
It matters that HRC bragged and laughed about getting a child rapist out of jail when she was a lawyer.
Wow this is NOT fake news you people  can literally listen to her for yourselves if you take your heads out of the sand and learn to Google.

“Mostly False” is the best Snopes can do. The most dishonest left-leaning fact checkers can’t even flat out deny it. Thanks.
Ah, so you fail to understand that honest people don’t overstate anything. You don’t like Snopes because it tears apart your fantasies. That doesn’t make your fantasies valid.
Good morning #AGolfTwitler whatcha Lying about today shitbird??? You shitting your parties today Donny?? It’s funny and yet depressing watching this clown car you call your administration...can’t wait till Mueller  rings you down! #TrumpCrimeFamily #PutinsFatBitch
Disgusting. “Breeding”? You’re speaking about human beings and human lives, not a rat infested house. Your values are rotten to the core
This subtly dehumanizing language is disgusting.
I agree, though I see nothing subtle about it. Those who don't see it are simply looking the other way.
Most of us are just hoping you’re done breeding....
Wrong. The people of this state (the 6th largest economy in the world) know that treating people with dignity and respect is essential. We do  NOT want to waste our $ and energy for your silly and unnecessary wall. Net migration < 0
As a Californian, I completely disagree with you, @realDonaldTrump . Stop speaking for me. Also, I don't know what revolution you are seeing, because I haven't met anyone in the last two months that agree with you, and I live in a republican area.
Please continue to help us take back our once great State of California. The Lib/Dems have ruined it for all of us. We don’t feel safe. Open borders have created an explosion of homelessness. We have too high housing costs and high taxes. Many middle income fams have moved out!
Where have you been? Born and raised here !! It is a dem state very very liberal... thank God We Love it just the way it is
Speak for yourself.
"I hold it that a little rebellion now and then is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical." Thomas Jefferson.. It's especially true when an incoherent tyrant who thinks he was elected king occupies the oval office.
Trump *is* the rebellion.
Besides, it was your boy @realDonaldTrump who said the rebellion was happening in California.
He said revolution.  That's a different thing to rebellion.  That's people that form their own government and start killing counterrevolutionaries.  The emphasis is away from individualism.
I quoted Jefferson, who used "rebellion" and "revolution" almost interchangably.
Still, Trump, existing after a tumultuous 20th century, has a different understanding of revolution to Jefferson's rebellion.
The only thing Trump understands is what's good for Donald Trump, and he will say anything to accomplish that goal.
Running for President was not good for Donald Trump, but he did it anyway.
I live in California and...

“WRONG!”
Why do we allow POTUS to speak like this????   Just plain wrong!!
Thank God that I no longer live there!  After retiring from the Army in 2010, I chose Nevada to live!  When I learned about all the idiotic BS, example: plastic bag tax, sales tax is what 9.25%?  Gov. Brwn, if you want to call him a gov. allowing and accepting sanctuary state law
U know the impact plastic has on r environment? It ends up in oceans, rivers, lakes..it fills up 80% of landfills, and takes 500 years 2 decompose. Hell yes we impose a plastic bag fee! We’re trying 2 reduce usage in the best interest of the environment. What’s ur contribution?
Soooo many people want OUT of this ridiculous presidency.
Why are Spanky and the GOP purposely trying to divide the UNITED States of America by attacking states and pitting one against the other? Is this a directive from Putin?
Goodness you are so inept at actual leadership all you can to do is try and tear down anyone or anything that doesn't fit your rooted in racism agenda. You just aren't a good person, or president. #sigh
After the presidential pardons of Joe Arpaio and Scooter Libby, it seems that Washington DC is the real sanctuary city.
What planet do you live on? Look at the multitude of pardons that Obama made for people who are responsible for hundreds of lost lives due to the illicit selling of drugs. If you support that kind of person, you are no better than they are.
So which part are you disputing: that Arpaio and Libby were convicted of crimes, or that they were pardoned by the president?
Immigrants don’t “breed.” They have families.  It’s the heartless, Nazi bigots and their unprincipled, demented demagogue supporter in the White House who are best characterized as “breeding” like unwanted parasites in our otherwise happy and proud nation.
Talk about a beginner. You wouldn't know a Nazi if one came up and saluted you in your face. Your "Nom de plume" says it all!
Ich bin schlauer als du weißt, Schweinehund!
Just stop tweeting please. I say let's build a wall around you to keep the people safe.
Actually, this comes to mind when I think of a “ridiculous, crime infested & breeding concept”...
#MuellerTime #TrumpRussia #MichaelCohen
True. Hopefully CA realizes what a mess the Democrats have made of this once great state.
LOL. Cali has always been Democratic and a great place. Why don't you move?
Ur funny.  Lol
"Breeding" is a term reserved for animals. Racist much?
Nah, we good.
Oh, the irony of the guy with 5 (or 6) kids with 3 (or 4) different women talking about 'breeding concept'.
You made me laugh with that comment!  #stillisaydumptrump
Please Californians let the revolution begin!
The only revolution going on is to GET YOU OUT OF OFFICE.   Sorry you may have passed the physcal examination but you could never pass a psychiatric examination. #TheResistance2018

Actually, most of us agree with the Governor.
please do the right thing and resign. please. #resignnow #trumpresign #RacistPresident #POTUS #abouttobeimpeached

WE ARE VERY HAPPY!! You can’t speak for us Trump leave us alone we don’t want anything to do with you and that’s more than half of California speaking
It's not the majority of  ppl in those citys though! & You'll see that as we vote out anyone who sides with you on this!! #LoveTrumpsHate
It’s not California that wants safety and security. You’re thinking of  Puerto Rico. 

#PuertoRicoRelief 
#ProtectMueller 
#ImpeachTrump
Breeding???  Wow, hey...tuck it in...you’re “racism” is showing. 
IMPEACH RUMP YESTERDAY!

I love the comedy on here. Brilliant.  
‘Breeding’ is a racist term & you should be ashamed to utilize it. Use your resources to learn more about poverty & what it’s doing to this Nation.
Wtf do you mean breeding? I swear, your teachers didn’t tech you how to strike up an argument with support. Read a book on how arguments work before opening up your ridiculous mouth. No wonder people in other countries hate us, look who we got as our president.
We don't want your type of breeding either..that's the problem with America now the hatred and bigotry. If you are people of color have to face. All other cultures in this land have had family members killed arrested unfairly, rights taken from them beaten....
Money,  land, stripped of jobs, children starving, Healthcare taken away from the poor, seniors dying from no proper care, the mentally ill being abused, shall I go on! NOOO MR.TRUMP..we don't want your type of breeding either. You're lacking of humility, your gluttony for greed
You're insatiable appetite for breeding and teaching lawlessness, your contempt for the moral character of this country, your continued apps of prostituting your position as president. (PAY FOR PLAY), a man whose character is lacking all that is decent and honest and caring, ....
Californians, Save your State from Total Implosion! Vote in Conservatives who Support @realDonaldTrump @Liz_Wheeler @TomiLahren @michellemalkin @GrahamLedger @IngrahamAngle
God Bless Jerry Brown.
Breeding concept?!
You really need to resign. the only infestation going on is at the #WhiteHouse  and especially the #TrumpCrimeFamily 

Should Trump Resign Now?
The Blue Wave is coming in California. All the red seats are in jeopardy. Many people are saying this. You watch now. This will be HUGE! #FakePresident
You bet we want out from under Brown and all his high brow snobs that have something to lose or they wouldn't  be so upset.
Breeding is what the Drumpfs did. It should have been stopped about 80 years ago.
Resign
Who tells you this stuff? Or you just make it up all by yourself?
Revolution in California? Awesome, count me in! #TrumpTreason
Idiot
Seriously, man, what the fresh hell is wrong with ypu?
Want A real POTUS NOW! The American People want out of this ridiculous, crime infested breeding concept of Criminal Behavior in the White House soooooooo many people R not happy want security & safety NOW!
Speaking of the breeding concept of crime infestation.  Are you an expert in this area because of your own children?
The problem Cali has is everyone is trying to get in.  Except you.  Hey, has Cohen rolled yet?
Cruel, racist.
“Breeding concept”?
I'm from California and as usual you are sooooo wrong.  Sad!  Want you not POTUS.  NOW!  Share your tax returns to clear the air.
Shame on you
Breeding concept? Please e plain #breeding concept
Lord have mercy. You truly don't know how you sound, do you?
"Breeding." What are you talking about, livestock?
I would still like to know what was meant by "breeding concept"
Breeding? Ever heard of the expression "People who live in a glass house, shouldn't throw stones."
I am from california & i dont appreciate Brown or Pelosi protecting illegal criminals over protecting us Californians build the wall bring in the guard yes POTUS please protect us from extreme left that run our state prosecute them both for obstruction of justic save california
California is a sewer. I can smell its stench all the way over here on the east coast.
Yes we do santuary cities are just a place to harbour criminals and fugitives and illegals nothing good there
Why do we keep letting these law breakers get away with this, time to send illegals home. Enforce the laws.
Seriously, they are guilty of #Treason, or at the very least, #Sedition!
Send in the #USA Marshals when the #California Assembly is in session and #LockThemUp, send to #Gitmo for proper waterboarding.
CA. ALREADY has the National Guard at the border. When ever will you cease desist being a total ignoramus. Get informed about the already existing NG+ Border Patrol for over 10+ years, alongside the CA.Coast Guard paroling the waters non stop.2010 article.
You shouldn't be able to "breed!"
Just pretend he's talking about jewish people and then tell me this guy isn't racist
Well said, so hence  put his comments in another directive and you can see what he is getting at.  Racisism and bigotry through and through, he has this hate for Mexicans  that is like Hitlers were against the Jews.
Let California secede from the country. They are on a different astral plane than the rest of the country. Freaking bleeding heart liberals. Celebrity bully pulpits- sick of their agendas

I can tell you that North of Sacramento to the Oregon Border would be thrilled to become our own State.  We would become the State of Jefferson a God fearing, Constitutional place, with awesome industry and one of the largest reservoir's in Ca. Lake Shasta 365 miles of shoreline
Do you ever do anything productive?  I see less on social media from 16 year olds

The blue Wave
You are the greatest danger to America. All you are is a empty shell looking for praise.
You should also see about the problem of Governor Cuomo in NY, he is condemning an ICE Raid calling it illegal. He is against the concept of giving Americans rights over Illegal Immigrants.  Signed, a Concerned New York State Resident.
Yes!!! HELP SAVE US!! AND SAVE CALIFORNIA!!
I see so many indignant Californian’s on this post, but most of the country is amazed at the stupidity of California’s governor and legislature. Anti-business, anti-security, anti-America...looks like a kindergarten state to me.
You PROMISED to have Mexico pay for "The Wall ". Then you said they would pay for it in other ways. Why should we as tax payers have to put up our money on a maybe return? All you need to do is get some of your billionaire friends to pony up the cash # Keep your campaign promises
Hey if your not happy with politics in California go live in another. We won't miss you. And Trump dont come here looking for donations. If you don't lime us then dont come here. We dont need you or the federal government.
From the “Real World”

Let's see if I get it right.
One guy gets one, two, three wives to breeding. The result can be disastrous.
Was I talking about you, Mr. President? Who knows?
YOU should have stopped “breeding” decades ago.
The problem for Donny Bone Spurs is that except for a small group of hard core supporters no one believes a word he says.
That’s how little you know about Southern California.
“Breeding concept”?
#fucktrump
Want a sane, competent president now!
What, do you just make this crap up?
You don't need California law enforcement to serve as extra ICE agents.  You are already doing too much damage.  Wish we had protection from your administration's assault on our environment, values and democracy.
I’m happy in San Francisco. I #standwithlibby and Oakland.
I heard Californians are desperate to move states like Mississippi or Alabama, but the job market is just too competetive in those MAGAt dens of safety and security.
"Breeding" this pig sounds like a slave holder. Gives us a good idea what he means about "MAGA".
Steele is British and Steele got his info from Russian agents and intell. The Dossier is fake Russian rhetoric and the Democrats used this to smear an innocent man. This is call Democratic McCarthyism and corruption.
This election crap in CA is crazy, How about CA letting illegal's vote and protecting illegal criminals over the safety of citizens? Democrats are endangering all Americans!
President Trump is working for America and cares about the American people.
President Trump is the best president in decades.
You're a despicable human being. A true racist. You're the most loathed Whitehouse resident in history. I cannot wait until Mueller names your crimes and treason.
Don, so early in the day? Now you know how we felt for 8 years. Wouldn't lay all your hopes on Mueller. Better chance of winning enough seats in Nov and impeaching him. Then However you will prob have Pence for 11 years.
Mike  Pence isn't unbalanced. I don't like all of his positions but I rarely like all positions of any President. I separate Trump from the GOP. I annoy people because I will not paint all people of any party with the same brush. I strongly believe we need strong parties
If I were to run for president, Me'Shash would be my Vice President..
Would you vote for us?
What's "breeding concept"?
No answer....
@HallieJackson @chucktodd @Morning_Joe @MSNBC Mr Trump when Muller is done with u & the Judge gives u a life sentence in a Federal Pen with a high population of Mexicans u put there, b careful of their BREEDING CONCEPTS, b brave & act like a man, good luck
Donald Trump is the only honest man in Washington DC
#WorstPresidentEver
Btw Sir, is the UN aware that the Royal sovereign maritime military hospital held in Murcia has been taken by Spain and all their inhabitants held hostages for about 200 yrs , incl diplomatiques , milit and politics .
Fake News
Taylor ended you
#TrumpIsARacist.  This tweet confirms it (you know, in case some of his cultists are still too ignorant to see it).
There is a Resistance going on in America. Sooo many want my ridiculous, crime infested & breeding corruption OUT of the country. I am trying to back out toward russian Border, but Mueller will be waiting for me there. I am not happy. America Wants election Security & Safety NOW!

Want u gone, NOW
Want impeachement NOW!
Enough of the sanctuary bs. By law a sanctuary DOESNT make money , certainly not from booze drugs animal factory meet . The laws are stricte and disciplined .  California has NO SANCTUARY . but immigration 8nvasion controlled by corruption. Period
Breeding concept?
ICE budget is $6 BILLION.. Why are you insisting already overworked and underfunded city and state law enforcement agents do the work of ICE agents too? That means citizens pay two or three or four times the taxes to do one job. Be a jobs creator and hire more ICE agents.
I’ve lived in California since ‘74. I know this to overall be NOT true! Stop stirring the pot and do some real work for ALL the people of this country.
We taking back California!
When you say breeding...are you referring to the Russian women who are living in your properties around the USA who come here to give birth? If so, YES, totally.
I live in California and I haven't noticed anything different
Here’s a news flash for you. Californians voted overwhelmingly for HRC. Not only do they love her, they also hate you. With good reason. No one likes a guy who is so egocentric that he’s incapable of truth. You can tweet all the BS you want. In the end, Mueller will indict.
there's a new contraceptive on the market DESIGNED BY  #TrumpSupporters in collaboration with stormy d . what do you think.
And you wonder why people think you're racist.
Says the white male who breeds inferior stock white children from his inferior white seed.
Speaking of Security and Safety NOW , when is it that you are going to resign.  If I were you I'd do it before you are Impeached after Novemeber, and before indictments follow your removal.  I mean you should cut your losses, before you lose it all.
You sir are the direct meaning of full on racist. And how can you speak for California. Your ass won't even come here and chat with us. You don't care about Californians one bit. So shut your mouth
What?! I'm  how old? That’s like almost dead in doggy years. Here’s hoping i make the most of the few years i have left.Happy birthday to me
The revolution is against Trump.
You’re such a liar it’s sad.
There is hope in my home state yet. Get out and vote. Stop paying billions for illegals every year that you pay with your hard earned  taxes. They have no loyalty for this country and don't assimilate. We have room for one flag and that's the stars and stripes.
Speaking as a citizen of California...
Breeding concept?  Nazi
As a native Californian; this wanton homelessness lifestyle including the sanctuary cities, is taking down our cities’ safety, beauty, cleanliness, property value & businesses. No one wants it or more taxes, & the politicians who push this down our throat - Throw the bums out.
Using a word only a blatantly racist, white nationalist would use, Trump cannot any longer pretend to be a decent American. He has crossed a terrible line. The neo-nazis must be cheering to hear the president use the word "breeding". His shamelessness grows deeper every day.
WRONG!
California is cool.
That’s a mockery of what a true sanctuary means by law concept and moral
Send them all packing like Cuba did to us
You're really starting to scare me ... now!
The way it should be!  
more lies.. again...
USA is like a family whose brother's are fighting which will destroy the family and tear it up for a reason which is not above the present urgent matters. Moreover in order to prove their points Opposing each other's views are acting in a way change the fabric of our community
