Colossians 3:16
Let the #word of #Christ #dwell in you richly in all #wisdom, #teaching and admonishing one another in #psalms and #hymns and #spiritual #songs, singing with #grace in your #hearts to the #Lord.
#GOD protect our #Nation  #JesusLoves #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus #Saves   #FollowJesus #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
Jon Tester needs to be punished severely in his re-election bid. A total hack! I don’t care if they vote in Oscar the Grouch if he’s the Republican candidate. Tester needs to GO!
There was no truth to what Tester accused this good man of. Jackson was an honorable veteran and doctor to many Presidents. Liberals had nothing but good things to say about him when he was Obama’s doc!
Anyone that Trump nominates the Left will try and destroy. It doesn’t matter how qualified, how good or how absolutely clean their record is. Total obstruction. The GOP did not mess with Obama’s nominees in this way whatsoever. They even let HILLARY be Sec of State - no spines!
Really? How about the Supreme Court nominee that the Republicans wouldn't even grant a hearing?
Never during an election year...move on, get over it...
That’s BS.  It’s been done before in an election year
McConnell envokedmthe Biden Rule moonrise want to live by it don’t start it in the first place.
He may have argued for it but he didn't do it.
Someone send this guy a straitjacket.
here ya go, you'll wear it well, hehe
Wow, hon, you guys have been desperate since the cohen raid, but trying a deflect this unrelated? 
Did you hurt yourself? Do you need somewater or something?
Psst, THESE guys vote red, and they actually murder people.
Dint the liberals make Hitler “Man of the Year” on Time magazine page in 1938. What a way to deflect, what you guys always did, steal, kill and destroy
So when can we expect your resignation for falsely accusing President Obama of wiretapping you and of not being born in the United States?
Disbarred Obama did wiretap him and the AP, and the German Government, etc. Obama’s Uncle said he was born in Kenya and there are still plenty of questions regarding that document.  Also, can you tell me why no one at Columbia ever saw Obama and why does he have a CT SS#?
Obama was never disbarred. How do you expect me to take you seriously when you start off with an easily proven lie?
But Bill Clinton was.
Not disbarred. On his last day in office in 2001, Clinton agreed to a 5-year suspension of his Arkansas law license in order to head off any criminal charges for lying under oath about his relationship with ML. He has been eligible to seek reinstatement of his license since 2006.
But he wasn't talking about Clinton. He said that Obama was disbarred. That is an absolute lie and I challenge anyone to provide any type of Court records to show that. If he was disbarred, there will be a court case. So somebody show it to me.
Read up from my reply. John Thraxton changed subjects to Clinton being disbarred. I was pointing out that he was wrong, just as the statement about Obama was wrong (only the Obama claim was outrageously wrong, as he has no disciplinary history with the bar at all).
My apologies. I didn't know that he had brought up Clinton because I blocked them. I agree with everything you said.
Admiral Ronny Jackson should now be confirmed as the next Secretary of Health and Human services; then sue the crap out of Democrats for libel!
That Montana Senator now has a only a few more months in office.  Vote him out!
Meanwhile Trump is doing big things.
Here’s the liberal judge (obama’s BFF) from Hawaii...
Wow congratulations you created fake news on http://breakyourownnews.com  you are super special
Hey Richard, you being in England not the United States you don’t have a say as to what goes on here! Mind your business you’ve got plenty going on in your own country to worry about
Brits are always criticizing the US because they can't criticize their own government or they'll get thrown in jail. They need to fix their own shit over there
The swamp continues to ruin people
What time is tee time this morning?
Remember when the media was freaking out that Trump was going to start nuclear war with North Korea?

Turns out North and South Korea are now going to formally end the Korean war, thanks to Trump's diplomacy

Retweet if you agree that @realDonaldTrump deserves a Nobel peace prize
You don't get a Nobel for threatening 'Fire & Fury' and nuclear annihilation. Kinda doesn't work that way.
lol...in your infinite wisdom, tell us how it works...I see your kind were never successful at anything but destruction of everything you touch
I love this. Maybe I’m changing my mind about this mental disorder background checking thing. Most All democrats are some sorta mental.
Of course you would love something spouting a ‘your kind’ divide. Not surprised at all.
When confronted with facts, liberals go on a personal attack. EVERY TIME.
Yeah, that’s what happened. I’ll assume you ‘liked’ the ‘your kind’ comment too?
I urge you to move to a socialist society and leave the USA alone.
So why did he back out and why did you give him the out if he is innocent?
dont listen to haters Mr President. Keep your head high and Keep making america great again! Thank you! #MAGA
Well said mate! He’s doing a brilliant job
the best president ever. without a shadow of a doubt
Who knows what evil lurks in the heart of Drump?  Thr Shadow knows!!!
Current: Partly cloudy with scattered tweets; 93% chance Donald Trump wrote this himself.

This is tweet number 429 mentioning the Democrats or @DNC from @realdonaldtrump -- 268 since inauguration.
Tester made no allegations. He reported allegations when asked. If you can’t get basic facts straight how can negotiate anything?
He reported Gossip without proper investigation before going to media outlets. That can destroy someone’s good name and career.  For his parties own gain to hurt this administration. So sick of this BS! He should resign!!
You should resign. 
#Resist
Resign from what??
His presidency!
Hey look that Alexandria hates corporations but uses an iPhone your resistance is futile and is failing
My Resistance is stronger than you’ll ever be. We’re only growing...
Sorry, you are not growing. You will never have support of anymore than the same 20% of America. 
What is growing is Trump's approval rating. 
Democrats are losing support rapidly, because they keep getting caught in lies.
What approval rating? Hahaha
His public approval rating that is higher than the highest approval rating Obama ever had.
You should resign sir. Resign now and the American people will ask Mueller to drop the Russia investigation. Deal?
You first...
What a joke. Trump should resign.
I'm sorry snowflake... did the mean old POTUS take away your food stamps and welfare checks??

IDIOT
La migra.
NOTHING in Dr. Jackson's background indicated that he had the experience or knowledge to run the VA. He should NEVER have been nominated. You SCREWED him by nominating him for a job he was totally unqualified to do.
Credentials sent everything. In business you have a feeling about people and you go with it.  If the fail you get rid of them, this is how you find the best person for the job. Don’t you believe in giving someone a chance? Ever take a risk? I mean the guy is an admiral! LOL
A 6th grader could have found a more qualified nominee using Google.
You seriously need help with your thinking! The last three in VA did not get the job done. Sometimes best person fora job is the one that you wouldn’t expect! If you served, you would want field medic next to you in the trenches. Please step away from keyboard..your in a timeout!
And you think I need help. LOL Great idea. Appoint someone with zero experience running any kind of organization to run an organization with nearly 300,000 employees, a $150B annual budget, and 9,000,000 customers. Yeah. That's the ticket. Surprise us. LOL
Furthermore, John, having helped companies align their job descriptions, you'd be shocked how many roles are filled by "we'll need to take a chance here". You know why? Because no experienced candidate for the role exists. Curious...who are your top 3 picks for VA?
That's a masterful job of obfuscation, bringing up successful entrepreneurs who never went to college. Again, a 6th grader could have found a more qualified candidate to run the VA using Google. Maybe even Craigslist.
In another message, I did ask for your recommendations for VA. I'll be politely waiting on those. Thanks, John. Much appreciated 
All part of the left destruction machine Democrat=Hate
Resign, TESTER, Resign!
A man's reputation was irresponsibly tarnished. 
Wake up MONTANA!
Get him out of office!
This is a lie by @realDonaldTrump. @jontester made no accusations. Dozens of Dr Jackson’s former colleagues did, though. Sen Tester, along w/ @JohnnyIsakson a Republican, were simply doing their jobs — working to ensure the person put in charge of @DeptVetAffairs was qualified.
Tester is a disgrace! He owes Admiral Jackson and his family an apology and he needs to do it  as publicly as he did the FALSE allegations. Tester should step down and fade away
You should have resigned months ago with the crap that comes out of your mouth.
You are THE BEST LIAR! But you know lying works with your UNEDUCATED base
Had you vetted Dr. Jackson, this wouldn't have been an issue, huh?
Ask Vladimir to look into it. Maybe even Wikileaks. That, I can tell you' Believe me.
This is the biggest achievement of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in the protection of humanity 
@WhiteHouse @USAHindiMein
Ummm— YEAH- NO! none of that posturen does anything for USA.
We love you! God bless you! Thank you for all of your hard work on our behalf!





you should resign
The allegations were made by his staff. But if course you chose only really fine people
U R THE SUBJECT OF A FEDERAL AND NOW STATE CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION!  u r going down conman
Let me put this in language yoy can understand. Everybody is talking about how corrupt your administration is. Slimy don is a disgrace to this country and should resign now.  How was that?
No, you should resign Donny 2 Scoops.
. @realDonaldTrump You slandered Obama for 8 years. You should learn to shut up before telling anyone else to. You also need to quit obstructing justice. Mueller will see to that.
So if these are lies against Jackson, why didn’t he fight them? Why did he just give up? Seems like the actions of a WEAK person. America probably dodged a bullet of having either a liar or such a weak person in a very important position
How about you resign for that $25mm settlement you paid for your Trump U scam?
He’s not going to resign over your lies. No one is going to resign over your lies. 

You’re a worthless, stupid, lying, fat fck.
The corruption in the Democratic Party is beyond belief. The doctor should be confirmed. We cannot allow them to do this!!!!!
Maliciously smearing people that ends up falsely discracing them and underhandedly  costing them their jobs/or promotion, all for a political purpose ,should be met with a heavy cost to the purpatrator of these dishonest and baseless attacks.. @SenatorTester @CNN
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @CitizensFedUp @amazinmikey @zeitgeistbabe @LCNM99 @MtnMD #WomensHealth #PuertoRico #IRS #FBI #Navy #Veterans #NoBallsDonnie#Education #Irony

Step Right Up Folks
Watch The Almost Human
Twitter 'Perjury Machine' In Action
http://www.trumptwitterarchive.com 


Bot

The Left. Can’t. Meme. ...pathetic.
The right can't tell the truth
This one pretty good
If you think Tester should resign, then you should resign too. Remember when you said that we would not believe what your people in Hawaii had found. Remember when you said that the REAL POTUS Obama was not born here? You are a #IllegitimatePresident
He wasn't born here.obama
He was born in kena.His mother
Was a citizen.that makes him one
Bit school has to teach you how to spell better comrade.
Why are you distracting, deflecting and defending Jackson, despite allegations that he is handing drugs out like candy in the White House? You should be dismissing him, unless you need him?
Because that’s who he’s getting his drugs from now he’ll be under scrutiny

I refuse to normalize Trump. I have a disabled brother. His name is Daniel Navarro. The way Trump mocks and disdains disabled people, makes him a disgusting excuse for a human to me. As long as I live, I will never accept or normalize the way he treats and refers to the disabled. …
The people of Montana elected him. They can vote him out if they want. 

Quit acting like you are all-powerful. You are not.
The fact is you made a poor choice for a cabinet position and you have no one to blame but yourself.
This is another one of your smoke screens; the allegations are NOT false. Doc Ronny aka The Candy Man withdrew from the nomination, because he knew that the truth was out. If he had nothing to hide, he would have welcomed the scrutiny. You’re the liar #dishonestdonald 
Exactly. Why take the 5th (which he essentially did by withdrawing) if you're innocent?
You could have prevented all of this had you properly vetted Dr. Jackson before nominating him. Just saying glowing BS about you medical status is not a green light to a cabinet post! The "Best People" you promised to hire should have done the Best Vetting Job! Massive Fail!
If Jackson was innocent, why did he withdraw?
Why don't you resign over your birther allegations #BigotinChief
Most of your life is proving false #Spanky. Does that mean you need to be fired?  YES!
You accused @HillaryClinton of being a criminal after you thanked her for her service to the nation at your inaugural luncheon. You accused @POTUS44 of wiretapping her and being a "sick" guy. You should resign.
Hey Donny - if saying something about someone that isn’t true is grounds for resignation - then please proceed and set an example that you follow your own advice.
Tester didn't make the allegations, nitwit, he reported on allegations made by others to the committee he serves as Minority Leader. Perhaps you should have done a better job vetting your nominee.
Get your facts straight.  Sen Tester asked for time to investigate allegations against Dr Jackson that were sent to him.  In the meantime, Dr Jackson removed his name from consideration.   Why did Jackson back out?  It is best to just move on.
If the claims are false then why did he withdraw?  Seems like exactly the wrong thing to do.
I HATE having a part time President that is a serial liar and bully. Actually, I don't have a President - because he only serves his base. 
What a bad joke - literally we have  criminals running our Country.
#TrumpRussia 
#TrumpTowerTreason 
#GOPComplicit
You should resign! You have done the exact same thing you are accusing Tester of! 

What a piece of work you are. You make me sick. 

STEP DOWN, CLOWN! 
So unless you've found proof that Obama wasn't born in the U.S. , you should resign. Right?
Oh please - 23 people who worked with Jackson said he was awful.
#MAGA Your resignation is the best way to do it.

Shut up, birther
Tell me again how Ted Cruz's dad killed JFK.
Your projection is pathetic, resign and save America the headache of dealing with BS for more years.
Hope the people of Montana get their act together & vote him out.
You should resign, how many false allegations did you bring against the most awesome president in recent decades, @BarackObama
BO?  Nah
Hey Good folks of Montana...Vote Jon Tester Out!!!  GET OUT JON
Apparently the democrats R in desperate need of distraction, any kind, true or not. Why?
Now:
#ElectionFraud
#TarmacMeeting
#AwanSpiesInGovernment
#MuslimBrotherhoodInGovernment
#UraniumOne
#AmericaForSale
#ReleaseTheTexts[Unredacted]
#Traitors
#DNCServer
#EnoughIsEnough
#QAnon
Just stop. Even you must laugh at that ridiculous health report. That was more an Onion article than an official statement and you know it.
I just watched the clip of you saying that the mean things that Tester supposedly said, (which was told by others) was so mean and discraceful. Can you say that all the tweets and statements that are so VERY cruel about other people are discraceful as well. I sure think they are.
The drunken Candy man?
You truly are an idiot Donny...there have been more than 20 allegations on Jackson, Sen Tester is doing his job. The secret service is not the angency that investigates these matters. If you are so certain of Jackson’s qualifications...renominate him!
I hear Ronald McDonald is looking for work. Perhaps he'd like to head up the VA
SHUT UP DOTARD!!!

(this always makes me feel better except it scares my dogs when I scream at the sight of you speaking...or attempting to speak)
You made so many more allegations .. birtherism, wire tapping .. why don’t you set the example and resign first? Show that you are indeed the leader you claim to be .
Impeach @realDonaldTrump   #ImpeachTrump
Oh but it's okay when you devastate wonderful families?

What about the Obama family? 
The Khan family? 
The McCain's? 
Heather Heyer's family?
The families of the dreamers? 
Mexican families? 
Muslim families?
The special Olympic families?

They do not matter? Yes they do FFS!
Apparently 20 active and retired servicemen who worked with or under him are saying the allegations are true, so not proven false just yet.  Tester should NOT resign.  You should, for what it’s worth.
“An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.” - @realDonaldTrump
more than 20 military veterans made misconduct allegations against Jackson...so you are calling these veterans liars.
Let’s have a full investigation into the allegations and allow the 20+ military veterans who submitted them to testify in public.

Your vetting process should have already uncovered and looked into these allegations. Why didn’t you?

Because you’re lazy, corrupt & incompetent.
Why isn't Lester being sued for libel/defamation of character?
I‘m sure we will be able to remember who else kept making allegations that were proven false, with the Secret Service unable to confirm his allegations, even denying them, and allegations that deeply hurt those he attacked... It was some billionaire who wanted to be potus...
Disgusting Dems
You slander ppl every week. And you're the PRESIDENT! You should also resign if you have just now developed some moral outrage to lies!
Birther, Central Park 5, inauguration numbers, if we betting on false statements you should resign and take all you bought with you! Pence & Mother included! #ImpeachTrump #TrumpShouldResign #trumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCollusion

How many families did you destroy and didn’t give a crap??
......#GreatAwakening #QAnon
Drain the evil democrat swamp. # Comey and McCabe to prison. Go Trump go
Looking forward to your rally tonight in Michigan.  We support you 110% and a VERY great job Making America Great Again...TRUMP 2020 ALL THE WAY !!!
A Senator has every right to investigate information he received from sources.  That is part of legislative oversight o er the Executive Branch.  Perhaps a course in civics might educate you in how our government works!!!!
The whole family is “devastated”? Now, Moscow Tower Trump supporters are talking Nobel Peace Prize? “Deep State” conspiracy theories? And you Trumpeters are still supporting a Con Man? No wonder why Bernie wants free college!  #idiotsfortrump 
Tester is s liar
We know Ronnie J is a liar he swore you only weighed 239 and we all know that is a bigly lie!
I have a great idea, make Kanye West the new VA Secretary, after all he qualifies based your your "extreme vetting" standard for these important cabinet positions because he just kisses your big fat as$!
Mr. Trump,
If you think Senator Tester should resign because his allegations have yet to be proven, then shouldn’t you be calling for Sean Hannity’s resignation over debunked Seth Rich conspiracies and your own resignation over Obama Birther lies? @EdKrassen
FAKE NEWS THE SENATOR DID NOT MAKE THE ALLEGATIONS.  THE ALLEGATIONS WERE BROUGHT TO HIS ATTENTION BY OTHERS
We need to drain that senate swamp quick
Both sides of the isle. Go for the millionaires first
Maybe if you had vetted  and supported him instead of throwing him under the bus.  How come your defense is stronger now that he withdrew. Bottom line Is that he was fundamentally unqualified for the job.
I'm not sure what all the hostility is about from the #LooneyLeft  They're all acting like @POTUS  sold the Russians our Uranium or Released,armed and funded terrorists..
@jontester  tester should resign we can't tolerate Liars #FireTester
Tester was elected by a majority in his state. Not up to you to call for him to resign!
Tester won't get my vote.  That's a fact.  Secret service just reported on cnn that accusation were not based on any facts
There has to be repucassion on these people
That flat out lie and ruin peoples life's.
I prefer tar and feathering
Then run them out of town on a rail!
If anyone should resign for spreading falsehoods it would be you donnie. 
Obama had a bigger crowd
Hillary got more votes
Mueller is coming for you and most Americans can't wait.
So if all the allegations are false, then why didn’t he stay, if there’s nothing to prove he’s fine. Like you @POTUS if there’s nothing to prove you’d shut up and let them find nothing. But you know you’ve laundered money for both the Mob and Russian oligarchs. #TrumpCrimeFamily

Really? Odd 23 people all lied? I see a pattern here every time you don’t like the outcome or don’t get your way everyone’s lying. RESIGN
#MAGA #SmashTestersTestes You don't get to attempt a coup, fail, and then just shrug and walk away.
For justice, Obama must go to prison and Hillary must never leave prison.
Devastating lives seems to be the new American pastime  So very sad for our country.
You didn't bother to vet Ronny. This is on you, Fake president.
The Secret Service would have zero sway. And Tester shouldn't resign. YOU should. You still exhibit a severe lack of knowledge about how the government works... Don't you think it's time to let someone with more knowledge run things? Go back to NYC? Oh, you couldn't pocket our $$
So, when will @realDonaldTrump resign over the birther thing, the crowd size lies, the racist policies, the Russian collusion, the corruptions, and the destruction of our democratic norms? We're all waiting.

#DumpTrump, #DumpGOP, #LIARinChief, #Unqualified, #CadetBoneSpurs, #SAD
@jontester @SenatorTester    You have falsely slandered one of our own. Your time is over as a  Senator. Apologize and resign. I CALL ON MY BROTHERS AND SISTERS TO ADD TO THIS CALL FOR RESIGNATION!!! #vets #Vets4Trump #VetsForTrump #VeteransForTrump #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Liar. @SenatorTester did not make allegations against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson. https://twitter.com/MeetThePress/status/989258108177473536 … #LiarInChief #RonnyJackson
.@SenatorTester on accusations against Dr. Ronny Jackson: “These aren’t my accusations, these are accusations that have come from active and retired military personnel” #MTPDaily
You are a false president so I guess you should resign. You  Russia  lover.
Agreed. Tester should resign for making false statements. While we're at it, a certain highly ranked public official once claimed that President Obama wasn't born in the US. I don't remember who they are, but they should resign as well.
Perhaps you should resign for your baseless birther fiasco.  Difference is Obama was able to weather the storm.
This message is directed toward the people who have backed the current POTUS who belong in the years of pre civil war era.  This person has undone the progress this country has made :- DT has taken environment to pre world war 1 and right to speak to 1700 and wants no opposition.
You think the families who lost loved ones in the waffle house shooting are devastated? 

Why is it you have never acknowledged their losses & pain? Nor have you mentioned hero #JamesShawJr , who risked his life to stop the shooter & save many others. @JoyAnnReid @ananavarro
HAHA how many of your allegations have proven false? maybe YOU SHOULD RESIGN and #MAGA
It’s your fault that he was embarrassed. You should have vetted him before putting him that position. He may be a good dr( and I don’t doubt it, but he does not that experience to manage such a large Dept. How about the administrator of Cleveland Clinic or Mass General
1. Testor didn't make those allegations; he reported them,

2. The Secret Service either didn't write it down, or "someone" demanded they lie about it,

3. Jackson must resign his commission; he has disgraced the United States Navy, and

4. Jackson must lose his medical license.
So will you resign due to the whole birth certificate thing then?
How soon do people forget all the harm they've done and still are! #ImpeachTrumpNow #BlueWave #Resistance #Resist #VoteBlue
And how many families have you devastated with lies, half truths, tax scams, deportation and rape?
out of your vocabulary and instead show how you are working together to help the American people. Personally, I am not affiliated with any party. I'm looking for a representative who is truthful and committed to the rule of law.
If a person had to resign every time they lied about something you would have resigned about 2000 times already.

It appears dump threatened the secret service now too and has compromised them as well as everything he touches. Impeachment now
YOU should resign but Mueller will see to that.
When the illigit corrupt president refers to someone as nice, beautiful, honest, excellent, wonderful, and honorable, you can swear, it's the opposite. "Believe me".
I guess you should carefully vet your nominations to see what issues have been associated with them in the past.  The charges are not from Democrats, but there were brought to Sen. Tester, who is doing his job (as usual).  If you have real proof, let's see it all.
We don’t believe a fucking thing coming out of your treasonous mouth. Resign
Didn’t you once say that obama wasn’t born here.
You can dish it but cant take it. Youre WEAK. Remember you disrespected Obama - Birth Certificate? Called him ignorant?
“An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.” - @realDonaldTrump
Lead by example and resign yourself first.
Allegations need proof. Repeating a rumor is despicable behavior and should lead to a recall.
I can guarantee many more people wish you'd resign than Tester
Why don’t you resign? Our country would be much better off to have someone with moral integrity which you lack.
When will the libs realize they have all been fooled by the Dems . Dems want to keep people in submission to keep getting votes. “Collusion “ has been proven false . It’s like the liberals have been “brainwashed !”I don’t understand it. They are like spoiled children ! Crazy !
1-If the allegations were false then he shouldn’t have quit. He should’ve faced his accusers. 2-I do believe the person who tweeted this text made dozens of false accusations against past presidents, Obama direct & said McCain was not a hero. So what should that person now do?
If resigning is the result of lying, then we accept your resignation from this and the next 50,000 positions.
JESUS GOD BLESS YOU
Many people are saying that you are a traitor and will be fleeing to Russia within 6 months with the rest of your traitorous family
No...you should resign! But that damned Putin wants his money back so wacha gonna do?
Take ur own advice and resign.
How about YOU RESIGN, you corrupt POS.
You need to #resign

We are sick and tired of your LIES!

We will #impeach your grifting ass!

You should flee while you still can!

#TreasonousTrump 
#BlueWaveComing2018 
#JusticeWillBeServed
Hypocrite
Be quiet BIRTHER LIAR.
We know, we know, you only hire the best 
So anyone working in government that lies should resign? Are you frigging kidding me?? Resign. Now. You lie constantly. Our country wants you out!
So what about all the proven false accusations you have made? Will you resign or apologize? How about your birther nonsense? You are such a child at 72.
If the Navy does retire Dr Ronny immediately, we are doomed!

Straight put of your playbook sir. Are you golfing today?
Hey President Spankypeepee, you should resign.
Yet you continue to lie about President Obama not being born in the US are you resigning?
YOU LIE ALL DAY EVERYDAY!
I'm guessing you're not going to ask for any birth certificates right?
No. You should. Every word that comes out of your mouth is a lie.
People really voted for you? Or was it all work of the Russians hacking our election process?
Remember YOUR birther allegations you spewed for 8 yrs until right before the election when you realized you needed some black votes. 
Remember YOUR allegations against Central Park 5?
Remember YOUR allegations that Mexicans are rapists?

Karma is paying you back, rightfully so!

You should resign
Wait.....if you make false allegations you should resign. You and nearly all of your administration should hand in your resignations Monday. The nation is breathless with anticipation!
Demand #Tester resignation.
That's fucking amazing from a guy who said for years that Obama wasn't born in the US, and who still thinks the Central Park 5 are guilty. Take away all his false accusations and he wouldn't have even had a campaign.
You resign first! Then we will get to other folks. You lie on average 6 times a day!
Resign for lying about your wealth.Resign for being a birther.Resign for lying about the Central Park Five even after all the evidence came out.Resign for assaulting countless women.Resign for lying about "millions" of people illegally voting #TrumpResign #TrumpLies #ResignTrump
No One Is Listening to you
Once again the democrats win with lies, propaganda, and false accusations! #WeThePeople must vote out dems for repubs and repubs for new repubs! People that want to help #USA #WeThePeople and want to #ProtectTheConstitution and #SupportThePresident! #MAGA #BordersLanguageCulture
You are a liar.
You should have already resigned, if all it takes is a lie, or, an egregious error of judgement.  And, you, Jr, Ivanka, Mike, and Jared should already be behind bars.  Mueller, Avenatti, and Schneiderman are coming. #DoubleStandardDonald #TreasonWeasel
The allegations came from people who worked with Jackson. If he did nothing wrong, he should not have withdrawn his nomination and Congress would have called the witnesses to testify.  He quit. Simple as that.

Have you ever stopped lying even for 10 minutes? #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Look! I'm clueless on what checks & balances are & how that applies to me! Surprised? Don't be! Same w/slander, extra marital affairs, money laundering, honoring contracts, loyalty, tax returns & emoluments. YOU must follow the law, but I'm above it! Win! 
#MAGA #Resist #Impeach
Kind of how you falsely accused Obama of being born in Kenya? So are you going to practice what you preach and resign?
No YOU SHOULD RESIGN.
How bout you resign first. You’ve done enough damage to this democracy so you paid your debt to Putin.  Get out!
Biff. You're trippin'. Switch on @foxandfriends and chill. You'll feel better.
YOU should resign
RESIGN!! EXCUSE ME SIR FOR BEING BOLD..BUT WITH THE ALLEGATIONS THE SENATOR MADE..HE SHOULD BE PUT IN JAIL. ALONG WITH A LOT OF OTHERS. RESIGNATION IS THE EASY WAY OUT FOR THESE PEOPLE. FULL BENEFITS ETC THEY WILL GET. I’D GIVE THESE CRIMINALS JAIL TIME!! ITS TIME #DrainTheSwamp
Fine.  Now do the claims made against Ted Cruz's dad.
