To bad you aren’t wanted there!!

Clyde, let’s go back to your ignorant-ass welfare comment. I’m interested. What precisely did you mean?

You’re messed up , lol. He’s doing a job for free ! Trying to build America, trying to look out for Americans best interests and everyone is so busy trying to find a fault. Guess what nobody’s perfect and be lucky you don’t have Justin Trudeau like we do spending our money on him
Wait for free??? You fell for that??? He f’s us every weekend when he goes to his resorts and we pay for it!  Look at the price we pay for that and look at the salary of the president #LORDY
Or ya know, trump still has his billion dollar companies to support what he does?
Yes and he has multiple bankruptcies so he's able to make money of the back  of small business that he doesn't pay. He screwed them like he's screwing us now
Hes not screwing us though, hes making our economy better by making more jobs and stopping wars or threats such as north korea by trying to be civil with them. Yes, he launched missiles at syria and foreign countries, but so did other countries, and he had the approval to do so.

There is no way Trump wrote this
Hah you think I’m on welfare because I make fun of our batshit, grammatically and ethnically challenged president?
No I mean he doesn’t like anyone who doesn’t look like him. Let’s get back to the welfare thing which was your original statement. What makes you think nearly 60% of the nation is on welfare because they disagree with the president?
Man still ignoring the welfare comment
Oh, he will still ignore you since he doesn't have any proof for his statement. It's ok. There are a lot of people like him.
thanks for making america great again

God Bless Barbara! A truly good woman.
I’m not an emotional person but this picture brought tears to my eyes. They truly loved each other.
#moreaccurate
Unbelievable how classless.
Idiot
What proportion of Libdems are actually Demonically Posessed? Anyone know?  Has to be high!
Isaiah 43:2
When you pass through the #waters, I will be with you; And through the #rivers, they shall not overflow you. When you walk through the #fire, you shall not be burned, Nor shall the #flame scorch you.
Amen
#BarbaraBush didn’t like you, the majority of Americans share her feelings. #Resign
Majority? Who won the election again
He won fewer votes but took the obsolete Electoral College.
Remembrance display = 3x5 card
lol Little Donny has neither thoughts in his head nor prayers in his heart
she hated you
She called him a comedian and doesn't see how any female could vote for him lol
She was exactly right!!!
She always was. She was what being an American was all about. We lost THE BEST first lady
She was the BEST she will be missed tremendously
Very much. That's definitely a person I would have loved to meet
Same! I loved Nancy Reagan & I adore Laura Bush as well 
Everytime @CheriJacobus  retweets something I say my head gets a little bigger lol
A proper tweet would be posted by the POTUS account.
No way you actually wrote this. But this is what a presidential tweet ought to be. Not the name-calling sub-literate brain sludge.
He didn’t even go to the funeral
No President Has attended a funeral for a former first lady since JFK .
#TrumpWins2020
@NobelPrize PEACE PRIZE for #TrumpTheLionHeart
@FoxNews @WSJ @IngrahamAngle @KellyannePolls @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @StateDept @Iranncorg @nikkihaley
How much praying do you get done on the golf course? Or thinking for that matter? #fakepresident #impeach
in his defense the less he does the better...except for resigning of course  #impeachTrumpNow
Lilacs:) very lovely, well met
No. Your thoughts are on name calling and belittling.  As always.

I like that. You are a true wordsmith, Jeebus! Here is the visualization.
Wasn’t Trump in that Dune movie?
Lord Harkonnen could be a brother from a different mother.
You got my reference 



Golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet, golf, tweet,
Nothing says a day of remembrance for a great lady like playing a little GOLF on your own course, eh, Donnie?  For the 104th time since inauguration at a cost of $64 million and counting.

Remember when you insulted her husband and two of her sons? Remember when Barbara said she could never understand why any woman would vote for you? They didn't want you there and I'm sure they don't want your "thoughts & prayers."
You really should be there with your wife. But at least you are showing you can be a compassionate person, thank you for that.
Plus, it's common knowledge that Barabra had quite the disdain for the Donald.
She was just mad that Trump didnt make her son at least make Vice-president or an important cabinet position.
Weren't you out golfing????  What an idiot!

She thought very little of @realDonaldTrump    And she was being generous.
No. Your thoughts and Tweets are on the New York Times.
Clearly Trump was more gracious to Barbara Bush than she was to him.

You said Jeb Bush likes “Mexican illegals because of his wife.” And he’s "dumb as a rock" and "low energy." Barbara Bush responded: “Trump doesn't give many answers to how he would solve problems," "He's said terrible things about women, terrible things about the military.
is this truly wut ur talkn about wen a family is mourning . wow  thats soo heartless! there mother passed! & yet ur worried about jeb and his wife? & trivial at this time omg really . sighned sincerly confused& disallusioned ! have a frikn heart  for a moment . i'm confuzd!
#Trump really went to town to paint Jeb Bush as low energy and stupid when he was running against him. This is when his mom expressed her feelings about Trump and he tweeted that unfortunate tweet (all his tweets are unfortunate)
as is this discussion at this time . agree to diagree
You are missing the point that I am making- no one in their right mind would want someone to attend their funeral after he went out of his way to insult their family. (That would be hypocritical)
omg im sorry from the bottom of my heart ! i am! i have a mad on yet seeing that puppy water boarded:..( ! my apologies please :).
im sikened by that story!& i wanted to pounce"at the wrong tweet"! im still not over that puppy:.((( my heart is truly aching!! im totally in the wrong !!!!!!
No worries - sleep tight

Most of us do. Now we have a fake 45, who is full of rubbish,  degrading the office.
She hated you just like most of the world does
Did you have a good round of golf during her funeral?
Theirs aren’t with you Spanky
Nice try. You should have been in Houston. Your disgusting behavior made it impossible for you to show your face to the Bush family. A real POTUS would never have placed himself in that situation. You own it.
No honor Donald Trump. You and your corrupt family members have no honor. I have no respect for you as an honorable military family. You are shameful.
You were too busy golfing at your “Southern White House”, aka the resort you own, to have a thought or prayer for anyone but your lying self.
Come on, this is unfair. She was also tweeting and eating Big Mac.
Melania had a genuine smile for a genuine leader yesterday, the Great Barack Obama!
That moron trump did not not write this.
Says she so very proud of her GED. 
Actually, I’m very proud of my PhD. 
Trump doesn’t care about you, wake up.
You may want to start praying for yourself. #CohenFlip
May she Rest In Peace. Her efforts as First Lady and support to Free Kuwait during the Gulf War will never ever be forgotten. RIP Mrs. Bush.
Sarah...not a word about Mr Shaw in TN...a real hero
Just a reminder: she did not like you. At all.
Maybe going to the funeral instead of playing golf with taxpayer money would have been a TRUE act of remembrance. You’re one hollow piece of work. #fakepresident
I never thought I would say this but you could learn a lot from the Bush’s.
Well said buddy 
#barbarabushfuneral #TrumpResign
Jeb called and said he doesn’t have the energy to accept your thoughts or prayers.  His energy level doesn’t allow him to tolerate your hypocrisy today.
She loathed you.

Thank you for not stinking up her funeral with your foul stench.

Who tweeted that for you. We all know you have no degree of empathy for anyone. #FakePresident
Tell the First Lady she was class again having to sit by Obama knowing what they have done and continue to do she is wonderful First Lady
She looked like she was enjoying sitting next to President Obama to me.
The sun can still damage your skin on cloudier days so make sure you regularly apply sunscreen (preferably one with a higher spf) while you're out hitting the courses today!
First Lady Barbara Bush hated your guts. She was right when she said no woman should vote for you.
She loathed you.


There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
You did not write this post.
The difference between you and the rest is that America knows that you mean it Don.
Your staff wrote this one, I’m sure, because I doubt you knew there was a Center Hall. Also, you were golfing.
Sarah, I love America & that's why I oppose your lying, perverted, criminal boss.
Subtweet of the year...
U should not forget Otto Warmbier. U praise KJU of Noko who killed Otto Warmbier. U should not even say that U will meet KJU. We Oppose summit meeting with KJU of Noko. U Treason for Noko&Russia, Right?
Spare us. She couldn’t stand you.
I hated the Bush policies but they were better than "dick head".  RIP - Barbara Bush

Melania smiles there's a FIRST Time for Everything and notice WHO Made her do it
Your thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. But YOU aren't. 'Cause Barbara Bush officially told every one of her children: "Don't you dare let that disgusting Orange Mo-Fo show up at my big farewell!"
It’s so nice someone wrote this for you. Not a spelling, grammar, punctuation or capitalization error to be found. Thanks for not Trumping it up.
特朗普，你真的很烦！！！！！！
关你什么事？滚回墙内去。
Really? Because it seems like today your thoughts are all about yourself and the shitload of trouble you’re in. Would have been respectful of you to only tweet this today, but you are not an honorable man.
That's BS, your thoughts and prayers are on your GOLF game! Besides,  Melania had a much better time without you!

You actually have NO  thoughts, and you CERTAINLY don't pray. You play golf and lie. That's basically it. Golf and lie.
Mr. President, it was very classy of you to make sure there was a remembrance at her portrait after her bad behavior toward you.  I think you and the First Lady, along with your family, have shown the depth of your goodness and charm.  Thank you again.
No thoughts without a brain - no prayers without a heart: case closed!
Your thoughts an prayers don’t even exist!
Barbara Bush DESPISED YOU. She saw right through your con game. #fakePOTUS #FakePresident #PresidentLoco #PresidentSpanky #Spanky #TrumpRussia #PresidentBoneSpurs #DraftDodger #Coward #TrumpCrimeFamily 
They are repulsed by you. We are, too. You have made a mockery of your party and our country.

The most presidential thing he has done is not go to a funeral. So much winning hahaha
#BarbaraBush #Barbara #Bush #FirstLady #FirstLadies #President #Trump #WhiteHouse 

Barbara Bush was a great lady and will be remembered by many!

Barbara Bush Biography: The Unforgettable Life of Barbara Bush, Download: http://authl.it/B07CGFMWQ6 
Nothing says respect and remember like playing golf in Florida eh?
Thinking of her while playing golf, again...?
It was so nice of President Obama to sit with Melania during Barbara Bush's funeral service. She had such a real authentic natural smile on her face. Not something we see much when she's with you. 

Coming from #Trump? Nah. More lies.
Amen ! 
You literally went to golf at Maralago instead of doing your presidential duty at her funeral. Eat sh*t
Michael Cohen is a big pussy. Fifth amendment? Pussy!
She hated you!
Wonder who people see as their better President?........
Former @POTUS44 320k likes and 51k retweets.
You will forever be in his shadow, never be anything close to him as President or a human being.
Wow, it seems that Donald Trump has been burn twice for NOT  invited for Barbara Bush's funeral & also the Royal wedding for Harry and Meghan. Ouch. So sad. 

#ShitHoleTraitorMoronTrump666Treason

When you finally get away from the man who is cheating on you to be around decent people... 

How did last night’s dinner conversation go down between DT and Flotus?  “Honey what did you do today?” “I was warmly welcomed by 4 former presidents and their families for a celebration of service, marriage and civility, how bout you?” “I attacked reporters on Twitter.”

I've been curious how the ruling class is going to deal with Trump in his capacity as ceremonial head of state. I think the Bush funeral shows they've decided to just kind of pretend he's not president, which is hilarious, but probably the best solution for all involved.
Did you go to service??
Ohh no..
Golf time..
That’s the best you could do? Wait. Of course it is.
Looks like no one missed you.
Like when the crazy one is dropped from the thread.
You don’t have any thoughts or prayers.
Did you take any English classes at all?
Remember this?  I'm sure the Bushes will never forget how you mocked @JebBush because his mother (may she R.I.P.) did what any mom with political ties would do.

Donald Trump mocks Jeb Bush for asking his 'mommy' to campaign with him http://read.bi/1UW2AC5   via @businessinsider
Much like the majority of decent Americans, #BarbaraBush thought you were a despicable #FatPig #tRUMP & she was absolutely right.
Note her prophetic warning to women, especially journalists  
#MoneyCantBuyClass
#tRump has little hands & a massive ass
https://youtu.be/8CxH2iHVWUg 
Thoughts and prayers are with them but you’re too busy golfing to show respect, tact and class. But send your wife.... #dolt #douche #LiarInChief #IdiotInCharge #FakePresident
Your thoughts and prayers were there, but not your body because the Bush family didn’t want you there. #TrumpIsAMoron
Following your golf outing of course!! Not a real message just because you were made too!
You went golfing during the funeral...
You don't sound remotely sincere.
Your thoughts were on the golf course
You’re golfing.  And your so toxic that no one wanted to there.
Yeah she had you sussed out fellah- hated you lots
A lovely tribute to a beautiful lady...
Trump in Sept 2016, "The mob takes the Fifth Amendment. If you're innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?" The same week, Trump added, "When you have your staff taking the Fifth Amendment ... I think it is disgraceful."
I have a hard time believing you think if anyone else but yourself.
He doesn't think OR pray...
Lol you don’t pray 
Melania - Cover me so I can get back to my tweeting....
Great people deserve great portraits and Barbara Bush's portrait shows her authority.

Barbara Bush Biography: The Unforgettable Life of Barbara Bush, Download: http://authl.it/B07CGFMWQ6 
Here's a picture of the #liarinchief thinking and praying
Why weren't you at the funeral to pay your respects? Oh, yeah, because you don't have any respect.  I don't think anyone was complaining, though, especially not your wife who looked happier with Obama than she ever did with you.
You called her kids belittling names.. you insulted her husband. You are not a civil person. Counting the days until your  indictment... you earned the moniker #DopeyDonald ! #Resist #Trump the hypocrite
Not invited to the funeral Huh.
Thank you President Trump.
may her soul rest in peace
Your wife’s never looked happier.  Probably because she was treated like a woman by great people instead of an object by you. Good for her. 
One of Barbara Bush’s last wishes was that Donald Trump not attend her funeral.
A measly clump of dried-out, dead moss. Really? That was the best you could come up with? That’s it? Your idiocy is stunning. It’s getting harder and harder to believe that your brain can generate enough power to keep you upright, let alone speak.
So much for your feelings idiot! Hope you enjoyed golf while a Great Lady was remembered. Oh ya, see your wife smiling? YOU weren't with her!  She was with REAL men and REAL Presidents!
That “remembrance display” looks like your fall-back hairpiece. #BlueWave2018 #CriminalCongress #EnforceRussiaSanctionsNOW #MAGA #Trump
♡♡♡

You lying hypocrite. The good news was that Melania and the Obamas
really enjoyed each other's company. She was probably asking them for
refuge from you when she leaves you
You clearly are incapable of writing this.
Donald J. Trump

PAUL CAVANAUGH
@PAULDZINE
 OBAMA PEED ON MELANIA AT THE FUNERAL
7:03 AM - Apr 23, 2018
1
See PAUL CAVANAUGH's other Tweets
Twitter Ads info and privacy
0% chance dumb Don even wrote this tweet. No typos or hostilities.
“WAH! WAH!
The Bush family hates me!
You mean I can insult them and they actually respond?
VEWY UNFAIOO!
Don’t they know I’m SENSITIVE?

Wait! Why is Melania smiling so BIGLY?”
- #crybabyTrump
This a “knee jerk” reaction to comments about you being disrespectful to her. Now you’re grovelling. “Thoughts and prayers” are empty words. But then that’s all you know isn’t it?
The Bush's are the NWO family.....very heavy into the swamp....let's never forget the 1991 NWO speech old man Bush made.
Shame you decided that playing golf was more important than attending the funeral
1. You have thoughts?
2. You definitely don't pray.
3. You weren't welcome at the funeral.
Sentiment analysis has determined that Whole Lotta Love is best suited to this tweet
I think you thoughts are with @MichaelCohen212 ?
Such a beautiful  soul RIP
Mrs. Bush
She hated you. With good reason.
Well, even a broken clock tells the time correctly twice a day.
Sorry Sir but I do not like the Bushes anymore.
So, you were praying and watching the funeral while you were playing golf?  Was the TV on the golf cart or did you make some Secret Service guy carry it?
Kind of surprised you know it's there. You spend so little time there yourself.
That is such a beautiful portrait!
You sent your First Lady Barbara Bush's funeral while you went golfing. And you have no Thank You for the hero who disarmed a white supremacist mass murder in Antioch.

Beghairat insan
@realDonaldTrump Your portrait will never hang proudly in the White House. It will be removed with your removal. Every piece of legislation, every executive order you penned will be reversed. History will record your presidency as a “cautionary tale”. Infamy will be your legacy.
Barbara was an amazing woman! Huge loss.
What was your score at the golf club, Pres?
I feel like he didn’t write this
And the Bush family is all happy that the Liar in Chief actually realized he was unwanted. Thank goodness he stayed away. Melania had a much better time without him.

Where were you??  POTUS?? Hmmmmm?????? You #POS #FakePresident
RIP Mrs Bush  
Only thought you have is about you. Melania is having fun without you (with the Obama's).   You mad bro?
The entire Bush family thinks you’re a disgrace to the office of the President of the United States of America. In fact, most people agree with them.
Unbelieveable. You have an odd way of having your thoughts and prayers with the Bush family.  How many tweets did you send this weekend? Out of those tweets, how many honoring Barbara Bush?...
They are..?
And what do you think of this. @MELANIATRUMP has never looked so relaxed when she is with you, when she is usually frowning.. .. She actually looks so much more beautiful smiling than frowning. Unlike you.. @POTUS44 has that healthy effect on women.
Where were you? Oh yeah, Playing Golf in Florida. Your under Federal Investigation and won't go out in public and now it is effecting your ability to do your Job. #MuellerIsComingForYou
Babs hated Don the con.
Good you avoided the funeral for a golf game.  She and her family have the good taste not to like you.
You should be ashamed of yourself for not going to her funeral.  Scared of runny into Presidents who actually knew what they were doing?
#Trump chose to play golf instead of attending First Lady Barbara Bush's funeral? Damn, that's cold!
This is a minimalist token gesture, which was put there by someone else, not nearly enough recognition for a wonderful lady.

Stop claiming you care about anyone.

If you did, you would have accompanied your wife to the funeral instead of golfing, oh wait - that is all you do.
Couldn’t be bothered going to her funeral but you had to much golf to play!
Dear @PressSec,Cohen is a traitor.HE LIED 2 U.He KNOWS potus CAN NOT PARDON HIMSELF OR CO-CONS IN MUELLER'S PROBE! If u think your words will affect him u're certifiably NUTS!Cohen sold out @seanhannity in COURT.He KNOWS,ONLY the Judge matters from now on.
Sarah Sanders doesn’t rule out a possible Trump pardon of Michael Cohen: "It's hard to close the door on something that hasn't taken place."
It is? Funny from what just read it's on Cohen.
You should be ashamed of yourself not to pay respects and show up for the funeral of a legend. Hopefully, when you Die Nobody Shows Up for your own Funeral!
How touching of you to comment! Are you on a tee, or a green? Are you cheating on your golf score? People talking about it!
I am sure that the decent people that work in the White House thought to honor Mrs. Bush. You certainly would never honor anyone but yourself.
Were you afraid to attend?! 
Liar.
Nobody wanted you at the funeral....
If you really feel this way about Mrs. Barbara Bush,  would you tell your friend, Roger Stone to shut the fuck up? He is the lowest form of excrement.

