You literally admitted that he was fired due to the #RussiaGate probe on television.

And you will go down as the worst president in history because you think you can run this country like one of your phony businesses

Hillary lost.  Get over it.
Then maybe you guys should stop bringing her up?

NOT MUCH LONGER WILL TRUMP BE!!!



You told Lester Holt that you fired Comey because of “that Russia thing with Trump and Russia.” Then you told the Russians, in the Oval Office no less, that the “pressure is now off” about the Russia investigation, after you fired Comey. You think we’re all fools? You’re the fool
Citations, please. I'm curious about your ranking of Comey as the worst FBI director in history.
...didn’t you already say during an interview that the phony Russian investigation was exactly why he was fired? That’s what you told the Russians that were in the Oval Office a few days later. If you’re going to lie, lie about something that’s not on film! #MAGA

You are the PRESIDENT! Stop acting like a 2 year old. Get a bloody grip.
What a great interview Comey had with Colbert last night.  I believe him totally and don't believe anything you say.
If Dems colluded Hillary would be president!
Smear, Lie, Deflect, Repeat...
Broken fucking record.
PS, I wonder what they have on you from Michael Cohen's office... Tee-hee-hee.
LIAR!
What makes you think he is lying?  Facts speak for themselves!
Probably the fact that he's told well over 2,000 lies within the past year plus since he was sworn in.

And if anyone can explain what it is like to be a #cryiglittlebitch, it’s @BettyPinup

Oh look!  A #Meme!  Amazing wit.
Meme of a Twit!
<yawn>
I find it sad that the free thinking intelligent people of America are seemingly held captive by the ignorant, intellectually challenged Trumpladites responsible for electing the "Don".
YEP, TRUMP IS INSANE!!!!!
Opinion | Trump’s rage at Mueller is increasingly delusional. But it’s even worse than that.
You're on camera saying he was!  

You dumb fuck. Watch your Lester Holt interview. #Treason
Sloppy Donald Trump fires FBI director James Comy then lies about why he did it.
One may be excused for saying “you have lost it, donny” but we cannot!
You NEVER had it to begin with.
Your repeating yourself

And I prefer Senators who aren’t traitors!
#WeThePeople MUST TAKE A STAND & SHOW OUR #PowerToThePolls

#WeAreTheMajority #RestoreDemocracy #VOTEBLUE #FLIPBLUE the PARTY THAT WORKS FOR YOU 

#TheResistance #RESIST #CountryOverParty #CallingAllPatriots#Bluewave2018

#TeamAmerica STAND UP & FIGHT BACK 
That’s a very serious charge against “the Dems”. Do you have any evidence?
Nice try
So were you lying to Lester Holt then, or are you lying NOW?


“No. He’s tweeted at me probably 50 times. I’ve been gone for a year. I’m like a breakup he can’t get over,” Comey said, in a rare bit of dry mockery. “I’m out there living my best life. He wakes up in the morning and tweets at me.” https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2018/04/18/im-like-a-breakup-he-cant-get-over-james-comey-joins-stephen-colbert-and-mocks-trump/?noredirect=on …
If no collusion, why haven't you gone & talked with Mr. Mueller? Are you afraid you'll let something slip that will put you where you belong? Time is going to show the world all your corruptness at every level, draft dodging cowardly traitor.
This should refresh your memory. 

Check out @NewDay’s Tweet:
Trump tweeted Comey was not fired as FBI director because of the Russia investigation. "He said exactly the opposite" in an interview with NBC's Lester Holt last year, says @ChrisCuomo. "How is this not just an obvious…
Dude... There's actual footage of you saying you fired him because of the Russia "thing"
You said you fired him over Russia, ON LIVE TV
When you tell yourself a lie over and over again eventually you’ll believe it! What is the other choice for reality? Visit Walter Reed and try the belladonna treatment. You may find it relaxing and help with your delirium tremmons. #ToxicTrump #mentalhealth
So, you lied to the nation/Russians by saying it was. You are such a pathic little man.
Maybe your Alzheimer's is acting up. 

#dementia #deadbraintrump
This can’t be happening,every day you’re proving to be even more unfit for office than the day before.  Please, go away, Donny!

We heard you the first 7,456 times you said no collusion @realDonaldTrump just because you say it doesn't make it true!!
If Comey is “slippery”, Hillary is “crooked” & Obama is “cheatin”, what do we call the reality TV president sued by porn stars, accused of assault by 21 women, whose lawyers, friends & associates have been raided by the FBI & indicted, & who’s under the microscope for treason? 
Someone has been watching too much CNN, Trump is doing amazing things for this country. But you would never acknowledge it, you’re just so misinformed like every other celebrity. Still a fan tho
1. I don’t watch the news. 2. Everything I just stated is a fact, there’s no misinformation.
Then name one of his friends who has been indicted? Can’t believe you actually replied
Paul Manafort, Rick Gates, George Popadopalous, Michael Flynn? “Friends”- his nearest associates and managers.
Alright fair but those guys were just on his campaign, they weren’t necessarily his friends. Plus, there’s no disputing the fact that Donald Trump has accomplished more already than Obama’s full 8 year term.
Will you please #STFU about #collusion? Anyone with a brain knows collusion is not a prosecutable offence without #conspiracy. And isn't that what you're really worried about?
The Democrats know that. It’s all about running interference on Trump’s #MAGA plan.
SO WRONG! Again!
1) name calling is a sign of weakness;
2) Comey was not the worst director in history
3) he was fired because of the investigation
4) the investigation is not phony
5) there may be collusion (can't prove a negative)
6) any collusion is b/t you and the Russians
Oh you have some research to do.  #MAGA
On which point?  Just pick ONE that you feel needs to be "researched"
Exactly.  The Trmpbots never provide actual specifics.  Their blind loyalty is beyond troubling
Not at all. I see things perfectly.  You have blind loyalty to the most bigoted party in this country.
How can you even make that claim considering the current commander and chief? Your failure to see the corrupt and morally indecent behavior of this president is beyond coherent thought.
The last time I looked at Mueller’s investigation this is what I saw! A conspiracy to catch a president by any illegal means necessary keeping his budget confidential while leaking whatever he finds! Is that an investigation, or a crime?
That’s NOT what you told Sergey Kislyak and Sergey Lavrov in the Oval Office on the same day you slipped them highly sensitive intelligence.
Which we found out from the Kremlin, like we do everything he does with Russia.
We actually found out from the Russian journalists he allowed into the meeting after excluding American journalists.
Thank you, I knew we didn’t find out from Americans, because they were excluded from our own Oval Office.
Well, if they’re Russian journalists traveling with state officials, they’ not just journalists...
I think it’s worse.  Pretty sure the RU journalist was a TASS photographer, but wasn’t invited in as such over U.S. counterpart(s).  Just accompanied RU officials and cracker jack WH staff didn’t effing know any better.
#AlltheBestPeople
Uranium One, destroying subpoenaed hard drives and phones.
...and body bags and child sex slave colonies on Mars.
How many times has Bill been to pediphile island. He didn’t inhale that weed either, but Obama smoked crack/ weed . Morally fit X Presidents
Keep watching Fox news.
Where we’ll learn all misdeeds (real or imagined) are equal, and maybe even precisely where TF “pediphile” island is located.
Jeffrie Epstein’s ( sex offender and trafficker) Lolita Express . Bill visited many times
Pal of DJT’s.
Just wondering if after you tweet these inanities of yours if you read the comments following.That should give you some indication of what you’re up against and how the vast majority of people feel about you. You can’t be feeling any love now, are you.
TRUMP!  MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!
I think I heard you say you fired him BECAUSE of the #Russia investigation on TV..... was it all a dream? #Dallasrerun #keepyourliesstraight #resign 
You are just hard of hearing. You should work on that.
You know what ‘liberal’ means, right?
I know it means different than the dictionary definition when it comes to Democrats. Your point?
Point is there’s better words. Not a big point in itself, but since Americans aren’t the best educated in the world, there’s the tangible risk that no-one what they’re yapping about while copying each other’s dumb catchphrases.
More than a risk, reality already.
Better words like I am NOT a liberal democratic c*nt?
You’re opposed to too much meddling in your life by the government, right?
You’re not too fond of taxes, right?
You’re opposed to stuff like the Affordable Care Act, right?
But yes, you are correct.
I don’t believe you
You thought it took the heat off you. All you did was rev...it up.

There was COLLUSION and you are the worst president in all of our history. the dumbest too
That’s not what you said. On camera! You’re an idiot.
Except he did and there was...

Every time you deny it, we know it’s true.
Good thing no one believes you
Wont answer huh???
Were you lying to Lester Holt or are you lying now??
Both. He never doesn' lie.
He should have been fired sooner...he should be prosecuted now for what he put you through Sir...the lying SOB....
..
There is video proof of your admitting to Lester Holt that you fired him because of the Russia investigation.  STOP LYING.
You do know the truth is not Play-Doh don’t you?
“Crawls on his Belly” Comey
You’re lying again. You’re on tape saying so, imbecile.
#GASLIGHTERTRUMP
@realDonaldTrump leave it alone , he will self destruct
That’s not what you told the Russians or Lester Holt.

What don’t you get! All this crap is because of Sessions. He is a thorn! The pain will not stop and the infection is getting worse. Pull the freaking thorn. They the established Republicans are playing you big league!
Trump uses Gangsta MOB names to call out his “enemies”. Typical crime family procedure. #trumpcrimefamily
Love this guy....
That’s not what you told Lester Holt. Do you think nobody is paying attention? You’re slowly building a case to prove you tried to obstruct justice and will be impeached. Of course it would be better to just resign
Stop with the childish name calling.  This immature behavior only reflects poorly on you!  Please step up and lead!!
Maybe there's no collusion, donny. But there has certainly been OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE! It's too late for you to resign now. You're going to pay for what you've done to the American people, you fascist POS!
I nvmdrdff
Changed reason again?  Make up your mind already. Keeping score is not easy.
You sound so desperate.
Keep talkin, just keep talkin.
no collusion fire him now
Trump is doing great, actually better than the last 2 presidents
Lester Holt video. Do your research snowflake or are you going to melt if you do you
#COLLUSION
Part of the reason is to maintain as many Obama flunkies (mandarin) in place as possible. Ergo - the threat is -if you fire them, we will impeach you.  (Progressive Parasites create problems so they can feed on them)
Why did you say it was because of the Russian investigation.
Try to keepyourstorystraight
How many times does this have to be explained? DJT Jr., Manafort & Kushner met with Russian emissary & signaled to Moscow they would gladly collude with secret Russian plan to help Trump by accepting HRC dirt. They showed Moscow they approved of efforts to intervene.
The 2004 Presidential election gave GW over 62 million votes, which means most people vote along party lines, as Trump got 63 million. The only disparity is the unusual increase in votes for Hillary.
BETTER THAN YOU ARE @CRIMINAL TRUMP
You are so unbelievably delusional that it’s almost laughable. Please, for the love of God and mankind alike, please stop tweeting jabs at anybody who does not undyingly worship you and beckon to your call. Do your job and stop being a petulant child.
 I try to find ways to listen to you & understand the things that you say , but the things you say are so UNCHRISTIAN & unbecoming of a president !! Your folks never taught you the Golden Rule ?? Our loss , for sure ...

Oh my God Shelly this is hilarious!  Check this out @AmyPassantino
#mypresident #trump
@Lrihendry  #JimmyTheWeasel.  @HowieCarrShow
That's not what you told Lester Holt.
Each time I read a Trump tweet I always look at the date to ensure it was actually from today and wonder to myself “is this real life?”
If #MuellerInvestigation doesn’t do 45 in, there is alwats #Stormy & #Cohen. Didn’t another one of 45’s hookers win case and can start talking too??
If BS was Money you liberals would be rich
No doubt President your people need to get on the ball and go after that bunch that set you up.  And those rino's need to get on board.  Oh I forgot they are too busy killing the middle class with cheap labor imports
Your presidency is way past the collusion phase. Instead it is more like obstruction of justice, lying under oath, treason and money laundering or Mother Russia.
OH YES THERE WAS COLLUSION. Don't you love all caps?
Dishonest Donny aka #realJohnBarron
You are one sick person all president trump has done is help the United States
The president in NOT above the law. A lot of people don't know that.
YOU SAID SO YOURSELF, YOU ASSHOLE!!!!!
Benedict Trump
You're on video saying you fired him because of that investigation. Is the sky red in your world? Is water wet? It's hard to believe you're so completely disassociated from your own recent past, yet you prove it over and over and over and…
He wasn’t? You said on tv that he was. Then you told the Russians right in the White House that was why you fired him. You’re a liar and a fraud and you disgust me.
@SmalloryII_7 slippery!
what are you doing to help Puerto Rico???????????????????????????
That's not what you told Lester Holt. You said you fired him because of the Russia investigation. Either you're a liar or senile, either way you're a disgrace.
OMG just stop it with the BS. Resign now or go to jail/prison.
DT. So, you are going to ask me to not believe my lying ears?  I heard you tell Lester Holt it was the Russian investigation.
It’s still amazing to me that the president of the US would hit send on a stupid statement like this.   You told Lester Holt you fired Comey about the “rusher thing” also collusion isn’t a legal term someone can be guilty of.
Hi!!!! President USA Donald trump.
From divya bhandari
You lie!
Comey has more integrity in his pinkie fingernail than you. Keep talking, keep tweeting, lying has and will continue in your demise.  PS Cohen will burn you, no wonder you are beyond livid.  Boo hoo. Karma burns.  Just resign.
Remember Lester???
You have a name for everyone but Putin? Why? Collusion?
Comey is an HONORABLE MAN!! Can't be said about you!!!

He was just a crook
WRONG
Except for that Lester Holt interview where we saw and heard you say you fired Comey because of the Russia thing. So there’s that
That doesn’t mean anything, he wasn’t under oath when he was filmed talking to Lester Holt on NBC News.
We all see what you are doing.  You are trying to discredit anyone that will be a witness against you.  This is just more OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE.  You are not above the law.
I seem to remember a TV interview you did last year that said exactly the opposite. By forgetting so many things you've done in the recent past, isn't it time for you to get a full Alzheimer's or dementia check-up?
Actually, Robert Muller is the most evil FBI director in current modern history. Comey was an amature.
Idiot
No collusion?
Witch hunt?
Yeah we’ve heard this before!!
History will repeat itself. U too will be forced to quit. Or be jailed for treason.
That is exactly what you said on a TV interview with Lester Holt. Did you lie to Lester? Are you lying now? Do you ever not lie?

SUCH UNTRUTH! You are contradicted by your own on air video, watched by millions. So just take a moment and figure it out !
Something about a boy crying .... You shout no  collusion so much that it looks like you did collude....read the boy that cried  , it even has a picture book just for you.
Funny how guilty people constantly and vehemently defend themselves to the crime which they actually committed!
Ugh.. are you really our president? Or a bad reality show?
Anne Tate are you serious?  Or are you a joke?
You are the one that said it. Watch the tape
Does anyone else find it disturbing that Trump speaks in hyperbole in nearly every statement? The name calling, the "always & never" or " best & worst"... 

His level of discourse can be likened to an impetuous 8 yr old boy rather than an esteemed leader of the free world.

Do you remember that one day when you did an on camera interview with Lester Holt or was that done in the upside down?
Poor little Donnie, scared SHIT-LESS that his D-bag personal lawyer Cohen is going 2 save his own ass & flip & expose all your dirty deeds, which - if illegal - aren't protected by Attorney/Client privilege (& U know it!) Sucks 2 B U, pal! Face it Donnie - U R NOT ABOVE THE LAW!
Said the worst President in history!!!
MAGA
This statement is in direct conflict of Trumps statement on national TV seen by millions. He can't be this stupid.
Trump is the only good person in the white house.  Go Trump
Your doing a good damn job your expertise is above and beyond any president in history keep up the good work millions of Americans love you
I'm not sure about that The CROOK Mueller was horribly bad too!
Your a clown
I see sick ppl making remarks an saying that many are against you! Only ppl filed with hate an not looking at real facts are! Wonder if twitter helping them an not allowing positive tweets here! Will see!
Coming from the number one huckster on Earth!
winer
Dear President, call Comey “QUEASY WEAZAL”
Here's a video of you saying the exact opposite of this.

Good thing your supporters are dumber than a bag of shit, right?
#TrumpRussia

WhoopT Doo, stupid fake picture.  MAGA
What is required to unseat him is FBI director nasty man
You have NO EYES AND WIENERS FOR HAIR #CadetBoneSpurs
Comey’s book tour is a sophisticated effort to personalize himself to the public in hopes he can thereby avoid being prosecuted like McCabe now will be.  The fact he is engaged in this sophistry seems competent evidence of his guilt in my mind, but I’m just a simple attorney!
You will be impeached
Slippery littlelimpdonny is the worst politician in history, colluding with criminals and using lawyers that are criminals to try and weasle out of all the crimes he commits. Sad
STOP CONSULTING WITH THE PILLOW MAN!!!!  YOU ARE THE ONE WITH ZERO CREDIBILITY, RUINING AND DEGRADING THE OFFICE OF THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY!!!  VERY SOON YOUR ACTIONS WILL COME TO A STRONG REACTION!!!
Slippery Donald J Trump, the worst president in history.
Sleezy, slimey, unethical and immoral Donald Trump, the worst US President in history, will soon be fired (or jailed) because of the very real #Treason to this country, and btw, there was totally collusion by the GOP ... and Mr. Hannity.
Speaking of "worst in history"... 
Is there anyone who doesn't think this dumpster fire of a presidency is the worst in US history?
If not, they're #delusional.
#Impeach45 #USpolitics
#JailComey
He was fired by the worst president in American history. Our colluder in Chief. David Dennison aka D. J. T.
Please rise above such pettiness. It really does dishonor to the office.

Oh come on....we're on to you
Not sure how a career FBI agent of 31 years qualifies as "worst" ever. So the other 30 years he fooled everyone?

And doing the best job ever!   MAGA
Man, be mature please! You are a joke!
Hard to pull this tweet off #TraitorTrump when you said in your interview with Lester Holt that you “fired Comey because of the whole Russia thing!” And you also told the Russians in the Oval Office!  Come on, #WeSeeYou
We call him Mr President,  thank God
WRONG
More tweets pulled directly from Trump's ass. If J Edgar Hoover were still FBI Director, Trump would be begging for James Comey to be in charge. Hoover would have every piece of dirt from Trump's entire life and would use it gleefully to crush him like a soda can.
No, he was fired for six other violations.
Its obvious you are lying. We all see it.
Nuh uh. Did not. Is too. I know you are but what am I.
Just heard the “Great News” that Rudy Giuliani is back on your; Sorry “OUR TEAM”. 
Shorter Donald Trump:

I'm rubber, you're glue!

(No, wait. That's not quite right. Let me try again. Ahem, ahem):

I'm RUBBER! You're GLUE! Any COLLUSION bounces off of ME and sticks TO you!!!!!!@&$#%>~}+¥==
Yadda, yadda, yadda.
J Edgar Hoover would be spinning in his grave!
You’re a jealous old man. RESIGN
Except of course when you said you said you fired #JamesComey because of the #RussiaInvestigation. Don’t worry, your ignorant #MAGA nation believes all your lies. WorstPresidentEver #Trump #DonaldTrump #TrumpColluded #TrumpCollusion #TrumpIsDeluded
@GOP @SenateGOP

Cheesedick lil Donny can kiss his ass!
Dude. There are videos of youbsaying why you fired him. Remember Lester Holt?
