45, obstruction has been proven, by your own words, beyond a reasonable doubt... collusion will soon follow. Remember Capone was jailed for tax evasion, not thugory. Your ass will be jailed for money laundering!
To quote John Oliver, "Drumpf will perjure himself before he gets through his name."
Pretty free and easy with the witch comments on a pagan holiday.
Go sit down before I get a comedian to make jokes about you.
And the award for most succinct tweet goes to @standupmonkey! Kudos, sir. 

We know who really obstructed Justice
They are just trying to get you out. You are doing too much for us and our country and that’s the opposite of what they want and they hate you for it,
We are on your side and count on our loyal support.
Who is "they"? Oh! You mean the real American people! Yes, you're right. We want him out #
So the 10% - 20% of Americans who never got over Hillary losing, because they picked the worst candidate in American history, want Trump out? Delusional much?
Obstruction IS the crime!

ur ignorance of the law is apparent. 

Ask Nixon-He wasn’t involved in Watergate break-in , it was cover up

ask Clinton,(u wanna talk bout witch hunt) at least Monica wasnt a porn star

U already admitted ON CAMERA Comey was fired because of RUSSIA
And tweets like these are why your legal team has the turnover rate it does. You're an attorney's nightmare!

Dems are so afraid.of President Trump they will say and do anything. No holes barred. To bad we didn't a ton more of him.
The Japanese mistook the usage of the media
But what if it did.
#SimmerDownSnowflake 

#BePatientWaitForIt
We’re behind you sir! Shut it down! Start cleaning house! You’re MAGA. Let’s keep it that way!
Yup. But the crimes did happen, so here we are.

Git that right
Right, a witch hunt! 
Hundreds of White House emails sent to third Kushner family account https://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/02/jared-kushner-email-account-white-house-243389 … via @politico
But Hillary's emails!   But Hillary's emails!   
https://youtu.be/YF1iqHawFVI  Please Watch this beautiful video. This will make your day. Good Morning.

#TrumpColluded
Boom
As an initiated witch, I take umbrage at you being prosecuted for a real crime and calling it a "witch hunt" when my religion HAS BEEN the subject of over 800 years of being hunted for our religion. So, FUCK YOU, YOU FUCKING SHIT GIBBON LIAR.
BAHAHAHAHA so says the mob boss!
Hey Spanky, keep tweeting.  Every tweet is one step closer to another tax supported dwelling for you!
So then stop b*tching and just give your testimony. You've been doing nothing but trying to discredit the FBI this entire time. As a guilty person would. Just STFU and let them conduct their investigation. If you're not guilty then why are you constantly trying to discredit them?
he has to, because he’s guilty, no other way out for him
Then why do you keep getting in the way?
LIAR.
The list of "questions" from Mueller aren't questions. These are mini-perjury traps. Some venture into the theater of the absurd (thought crimes). They indicate Mueller has nothing. No collusion. No evidence of obstruction. Not a shred.
So you are a part of Mueller’s investigation? That's the only way you would know what kind of evidence exists. I don't think so, you're just regurgitating Trump.
Isn’t that the goal of obstruction?

How many times has @penn tried to rescind your degree out of embarrassment?
You're melting down!! Little by little,  day by day, you are becoming more and more unhinged. #Resign
More unhinged?
Lol yeah it's impossible. 
You cheated in business, you cheated on all your wives (helll, you even cheated on your mistresses), so it's not far fetched that you'd cheat to win the election too.


Hey Mama

You watching North Korea?

How about Iran?

I say sending the Iranian Mullahs $150 Billion of our tax dollars is far more TREASONOUS than @realDonaldTrump winning the Nobel Peace Prize for Denuclearizing North Korea.

I followed you for future laughs
That was their $$...catch up.
Possession is 9/10ths of the law...and behold... Iran still has NUKES & $150 BILLION  #AFIO I assure you.  I'M CAUGHT UP LADY
That logic is theft from a sovereign nation!  Iran enriches uranium NOT for weapons, catch up!!!
Phone drop!
Op...you're another dupe sipping Trumps koolaid! Where is your brain? Your sight? Your hearing? Trumps biggest wish is to be a Dictator and you his pawn...and you go willingly! Spineless!
Spineless 
It's always been an investigation of you searching for crime you might have committed. Now without any crime found they're going to manufacture one! Pardon everyone and fire Sessions and Rosenstine, and take to a higher court out of their kangaroo court!
Mueller isn’t going to waste his time investigating things that are made up. And with 17 indictments now, guilty pleas and witnesses are cooperating sure looks like to me this investigation isn’t made up.
He's already wasted a huge amount of our money looking for a non-existent crime!
I hate to tell Trump has spent more money going to his private properties and golfing every weekend then the cost of this investigation
Well your hero Obama flew AF 1 around the statute of liberty for a photo op. How much did this cost?
You can go google the amount of golfing Obama did and Trump has done and the costs that resulted with Trump so far out spend Obama you can defend this jack ass all you want and it doesn’t make a damn bit of difference. The SS costs for Trump’s extended family far exceed Obama’s.
Like always no answer
I'm sorry. I'm not ignoring you. We just had a tornado go thru about a mile away. Lost train of thought. What didn't  I amswer?
A great illustration of the amount of importance we should put on petty arguments and political differences.
You're screaming like Baghdad Bob! The investigation is closing in and your surreal, insane denials are fucking hilarious!

NINETEEN INDICTMENTS!

IT'S NOT HAPPENING! IT'S NOT HAPPENING! IT'S NOT HAPPENING! IT'S NOT HAPPENING! IT'S NOT HAPPENING! IT'S NOT HAPPENING!
You libs are soon going to be the ones being investigated for real crimes not entrapment so called crimes.
You're to blind to see that you have already lost. All that's left for you to do is  cuss and call people names. You're the real loser in more ways than one.
So where is the 'f' word there. Are you libs getting used to loosing yet?
Admit it. Your just jealous of us conservatives because Trump is destroying you pathetic libs!
*sigh*... you don't know anything. Obstruction of Justice is separate from the final judgment. You obstucted—that's a crime. Period.
Если Россия вмешалась в выборы значить вы не защищены Значить вы слабее нас
@realDonaldTrump was, I agree, a weaker candidate. It doesn't mean the people of either country is weaker. Most of us hate him here...
Ya! 22  witches indicted, 4 witches plead guilty many and cooperating with Mueller...
And still no crime!
4 plead guilty... no crime?
No crime. Only entrapment. No collusion, no obstruction. Don't worry. You libs' investigations are coming, only for real crimes!
You need to do some research ... and get out of Propaganda... no less Russian style and get facts... not alternative facts, I write for Palmer Report about the investigation
So what did you research? The NYT?  TRUMP haters? Phoney college so called professors? You Marxists should study what this ideology has done to real people!
You are supporting a Kremlin operative and when this all comes to light thru our courts perhaps you will wake up and release yourself from Russian propaganda that helped him get elected and is driving American policies that are pro Russia
What world are you living in?! Putin hates Trump. If he were able to influence our elections it would be in favor of Hillary. We the deplorable forgotten, crumb liking rust belt people elected Trump. And we will elect him again in 2020!
Donald? Another lawyer quitting? Can’t they handle all the winning? You swap attorneys at the same rate as wives and mistresses! People question your character? What’s wrong with us? Must be our issue because you keep telling us how great you are. Innocent? #testifyandproveit
So many crimes...
Still after you eh Donny? Good.
You sure tweet a lot for someone who's so innocent.
Bubble bubble toil and trouble

I'm sure a statement like that will convince a grand jury. Why don't you try it?
that’s not how any of this works numbnuts
Do tell us more about your proof that Obama was born in Kenya.
Disgusting satanic Sewerrats have only one mission - - destruction, they are all filled with hate & violence
Grow a pair and do your job. Stop #bitchin
At one point, Giuliani addressed Comey directly, saying that "every FBI agent in America has his head down because of you. It would be good ... if God had kept you out of being the head of the FBI."
Haters gonna hate. Hopefully this gets dropped soon. Bigger issues today.
It matters not to Mueller, the American Media or any Democrat that Trump didn’t  commit any crimes. They will create what is not there.
Can u say 130k to keep a hooker quiet? You have lied since you've been in the public eye. The only people who believe in your madness is the lying puppets of confusion. And that's what you are...a Judas ..only here to cause confusion. You are part of a systematic redundancy!JUMP!
Actually, you would be WRONG! Ask a lawyer ffs!
You’re a witch.
I have never seen this movie but I hope he’s coming for you
#FIREscessions He screwed you 3 ways to Sunday

#FireRosensteinNow He cut your throat

#FIREMUELLER but let him hang out there working for a while
They're coming to get you Trump. Can you feel it. They are breathing down your neck. They know something. Getting closer and closer. You're going to jail. Jr.'s going to jail. Eric's going to jail. Ivanka's going to jail. The whole world is laughing as you fall. Shiny chrome cuff
It's a political coup attempt! Orchestrated by Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Loretta Lynch Bill Clinton Rod Rosenstein James Clapper John Brennan and all the other Only happens in s holes not the U.S.A.. give it up Mueller! Go home to your pasture!
That’s not all Jack! What about the deep state! Rosie O’donnell! Bill cosby is a democratic cia agent hired by soros to convince us dinosaurs and global warming are real! Colin Kapernick has hillary’s emails! Jack forgot to take his meds.

Yes agreed, but plz stop taunting special counsel.
Lol only in the corrupt little dream world of DC! Freakin crazy, why isn’t congress gonna use the fullest extent of our laws! Impeach deputy FBI R. Show his ass no ones afraid to do their job! We are the people they stand for us! They want to take 2018 by storm they better do it
Yeah but this
Guliani did you in. Money laundering and accepting campaign contributions and not reporting them are both illegal. Do your famiky and self a favor. Just get honest and resign before they do a Nixon maneuver on you. You are going to be impeached unless you resign.


A crime that never happened just like your cheating affair with Stormy. You knew nothing about it until Ridy G reminded you, Sean, and the world.
The Special Counsel is investigating "any links and/or coordination between the Russian government and individuals associated with the campaign of President Donald Trump; and any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation...". It's not all about you, Trump.
If you have nothing to hide, then testify, become transparent.
You say it never happened but we all know better asshole. Impeach
Your tweets and unhinged phones to fox news are obstruction to freedom of the press
Deny Deny Deny. It is common knowledge that your campaign was compliant in the conspiracy to rig the 2016 election. Your lawyers should be telling you to STEP DOWN to avoid further persecution.
@realDonaldTrump , I'm going to make some "false and extortionist claims" about you..or should you just mail my $130,000. The hunt is after the scum that turned America into a swamp. YOU
The entire county would love to know what crime you are referring to @realDonaldTrump?  Obstruction of Justice? Sit for the interview and show the country you’re innocent.
Your brilliant, initially it was a Russian investigation that's snowballed in a full scale reality show. The obstruction would have been him firing Comey. Which as he didn't nothing about Hillary I'm certain this was expected by you.
Please keep your focus on MAGA!!! Stop giving them crap to put in their news shows... 

None of which have anything to do with .@realDonaldTrump.  These are all foreigners, or trumped up process crimes intended to "flip" people against the Pres., or crimes from > 10 years ago by aides, etc.  Nobody cares.
#MAGA
#Trump2020
#TrumpNobel
THAT’S RIGHT PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP!!!!! KEEP GOING ONWARD & UPWARD “‘IN CHRIST’”! CHRISTIANS ALL OVER THE WORLD ARE PRAYING FOR YOU, YOUR FAMILY, & ADMIN. ALWAYS; AS “‘OUR’” “‘LORD’” INSTRUCTS US TO DO!!!!!
Just because you say that it never happened doesn’t mean that it didn’t. At least your orange prison jumpsuit will match your orange cheeto skin
You hire the very best, heh? What u hire is loyalty, but those loyal folks are not very smart. Rudy just torpedoed your lie!  Well done, sir...
CHEATER, COLLUSION, BANKRUPT, MORALLY BANKRUPT, DAUGHTER/WIFE, CROOK, CON, FAT, IDIOT, LIAR DOESN"T PAY HIS BILLS, PORN STARS, PUSSY GRABBING, all words associated with you  
RESIGN OR WE WILL SEE YOU IMPEACHED!
Got a lot of witches pleading guilty.
Respect Mr. President.

It would seem that way for someone who is so utterly ignorant about the law.
Your list of crimes compile 70 years. Your the worst President and you will go down as worse than Nixon.
If you have nothing to hide, why don't you just SHUT UP!
What part of....It's not a witch hunt.....don't you NOT understand? Stop tweeting about it, you knucklehead!
Every time you make claim of this “hunt”, you refer to yourself as a witch. R u card carrying? Or is it make believe? Like your high IQ
I thought this might help you understand what he is saying.  

Definition of witch hunt

1 : a searching out for persecution of persons accused of witchcraft
2 : the searching out and deliberate harassment of those (such as political opponents) with unpopular views
We shall see, spanky
Ya you are the sorriest excuse for a president this country has ever had ur ants are that of a half wit but  obviously that is whom u alpeal to no one is buying by ur bs except ur shrinking number of supporters  soon u will be impeached and the nightmare will be over
Is someone a little worried???
You can't obstruct justice for collusion considering collusion is not a crime.
Nope, tweeting twit on the toilet hunt
Which crime would that be?  You've confessed on air to obstruction of justice after firing Comey.  Is that it?  You ADMITTED IT.  You've also admitted to the Stormy Daniels affair.  Stop confessing already!
Also asked the russians on air to do a cyber attack... 
#FuckingLiar
I bet a lot of America's problems would magically disappear if people like George Soros were no longer citizens of our great country. He's a wanted felon, can't we send it to France to deal with for his insider trading?!
We all love you! Keep on doing what your doing.. MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Please, it’s time for you to fire Jeff Sessions! Rod Rosenstein is career swamp creature and a disgrace! He needs to go as well! This DOJ is as bad if not worse than the last!

Is that your definition of a good president? Someone who is uncontrollable.... I’d take honesty and integrity over that. To each his own buddy 
According to Mueller & the American legal system (your AG office):
"Campaign Coordination with Russia" = Collusion or WITCH (White Collar Witch)
Nigerians love you
Whoever, having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable by a court of the United States, conceals and does not as soon as possible make known the same to some judge or other person in civil or military authority under the United States
The indictments would seem to prove otherwise.

#ImpeachTrumpNow
Let’s talk about all the witch hunts you’ve held since getting into office.
Then why fire Comey if you weren’t obstructing. You have been working yourself up trying to get ready to fire mueller. If that’s not obstruction I really don’t know what else would be.
#dumbass
President Trump  Iran is the same like bin laden .If you keep the Iran Deal U.S will have worst then 9/11.You need to get rid of the IRAN deal

You are looking rather witchy lately, Donnie pie
You keep tweeting about it so you must be guilty of doing it, and your lack of cooperation with Mr Mueller
So Donnie boy go have a talk with him and prove us wrong.
There is no witch hunt! You are a grifter and your con is spinning out right under you!
It happened
If your so innocent, Don the Con, then there should be nothing for you to worry about. But that’s not the case, is it? You are DEPLORABLE and a traitor and your followers are as well.
Put Muller on the road
It would also seem odd to hire multiple defense attorneys if you're innocent.
If you hadn't, but you did, so it's too late now...
Lol u r the witch they r hunting dumb ass#

Ha ha
I'm MELTING!
Mueller’s great chess move: 
If u don’t answer or testify, it leaves a dark cloud over the administration: “What’s he hiding?”
If you do answer/testify, he finds a “process crime” to ding you with. Your incomplete memory or poor choice of words makes you a perjurer.

Your move...
Please resign already.  You are a disgrace to the office and Americans are ashamed of you, at least educated ones are.  Rather than taking the country back, why don’t you take YOUR ASS BACK to NYC and get back to your business of bankrupting companies and NOT paying vendors.
Looking in from the outside, I really think your AG is working
with Lindsay Graham and John McCain to undermine you, I have no proof, but, I
know RINOS and Hate #RINOS Wolves in Democrat clothing!  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
#lyingslimeballTrump, not a witch hunt, just trying to get to the truth!  They have to get around you first!  Then impeachment!
Don’t forget to vote.
But you keep tweeting
Don, fly out to San Diego.  We need to have a couple of beers.
says you....but what do you know?   NOTHING!!!  empty pea  brain
You’re a witch.  Donald is a witch.  Donald is a witch. Which witch are you?  Oh, that’s right Donald is a witch. And the little man behind the curtain in the wizard of oz
I watched Trump speak at the National Prayer breakfast this morning. What he said was nauseating. But mostly I watched to see if he’d spontaneously combust
Me. President,NEVER SPEAK OR ANSWER QUESTIONS BY MULLER! The people of our country are at great risk if Muller convicts you of perjury, which is their intent!! Our nation will be in bondage in the hands of the left and the Democratic Party.  NEVER,  NEVER, NEVER!!!!
This is one if the reasons we have the 5th Amendment in the Constitution
I love reading all the posts by the totalitarian leftist/ democrats. What a bunch of tools lol.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=359990094522868&id=358564571332087 …
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/potus-donald-trump-please-do-not-sign-incoming-447-justice-uncompensated-survivors-today-just-act-2017 …
ترام انا اطلب ايد بنتك هل توافق ؟
You told us the Stormy Daniels thing didn’t happen either Donny, but today you told us it did. You lie to America every single day, all day!
But u can indeed obstruct justice even if the crime is found to be false if you do anything to interrupt the investigation, ie. Fire the investigator
You might not be involved in collusion; u are involved in the CONSPIRACY to accept help from a foreign enemy to rig the election
And yet you mave have managed to do just that.  Congrats. You let your fragile ego get in the way of a very needed investigation of Russian influence in a US election.
This investigation isn't for A crime, it is for many, many crimes you've committed. #Criminal #MobBoss #TrumpThugLife 

#TrumpRussia #LostBy3MillionVotes #Illegitimate #Conspiracy #Obstruction #Intimidation #WitnessTampering #Perjury #CoverUp #Mueller #LockHimUp
, witch hunt = trumputin is guilty AF.
Idiot
Nancy Pelosi & Democrat wolves, want to Stop Peace in Korea. Then sue Russia, to cover their cartoon lie. More Americans are seeing the Swamp in action. LetDems be crazy.
Have you ever cracked open a book in your life?
Then what in the fuck are you worried about?
Crimes happened. People have been indicted.
Yeah, your the Witch
You lie. We cant, dont & wont believe you
And very easy to obstruct justice when a crime has been committed. #LyinDon
Denial of a crime does not render it false. You are NOT God and you do not change reality simply by telling untruths
   
Hi Trump! Have a blessed day! I know I am! Inn in mass! Enjoying 80° of hot sunny spring! GOD IS good!
So...why are you worried?
And you're the queen witch! You will be burned at the stake and Mr. Mueller will strike the match that sets you on fire 
On another note .... I’m raising money for Bluebell Wood Childrens Hospice by daring to Wingwalk!!!  Please donate. It doesn’t matter how big or small the donation is, it all helps make a difference 
You really need to look up the definition of obstruction of justice.
That hasn't been determined yet, and you keep saying the same thing over and over because you know this convinces the deplorable.
Sir,  Its time for Mueller and the top layers of the FBI to go! And if Sessions won't do it, well its time for that man to go as well. We need you for president and we can no let this deep state ruin your administration. We love you Sir and we love this country. Please save both.
Did you ever notice that Witch Hunt has the same initials as White House?
There doesn't have to be a "crime that never happened" for obstruction in an investigation to take place.  You should know that by now, you're President. #DotardDonnie
Lies and deciet by d trump!
American people
I think I have enough evidence to convict.
Give them a 30 day deadline to finish up article acquits they can't do it within the end until I and should be dismissed immediately it is only fed by the demo rats make note not the Democrat Union people we are far you Donald Trump
#LOWENERGY you can't even sit for a 2 hour interview let alone a 11 hour grilling - and you get the questions before hand #SAD #WEAK
Find them all
It's just a way to take people's eyes off the good you've done.
Your are innocent and this is a witch hunt by the Marxist left. You are doing God's work. You are a true hero Mr. President. We love what you are doing for everyday people.

Ripped from a like minded tweeter.
If it never happened, you have nothing to worry about. But instead you whine on Twitter every day. You look super guilty this way. duh.
