Oops! This is awkward! 
@StormyDaniels’s Ex 
#IDTheThug 
So Great FBI ARREST THE GUY ALREADY...STORMI is QUITE SURE NOW THATS HIM~Her Ex~WHAT NOT ENOUGH EVIDENCE? Same as the old Clinton BS now?

Thank you for putting this assholes sketch out to 50 million people, I’m sure @StormyDaniels is quite happy for the assistance 
So people can’t look alike? The evidence says otherwise
1of2 Trump's history is perjury, philandering, adultery, wife beating/rape, money laundering, covorting with mobsters,& stiffing his construction suppliers.  No one has ever asserted that Stormy was a liar & being a porn performer is legal. None of the things that Trump did are.
2of2 A powerful woman liking sex (and making money off it) does not make her a cum dumpster, you pig -anymore than male porn performers are carpet cleaners.
That's your opinion.  Regardless. Their work is legal and she seems to be more powerful than the potus right now, so...

I love this so much I want to steal it 2x
I stole it (but I can’t remember from where). So steal away. I call it “sharing”. 
Here's one I'll "share" 
...ohhhh I can’t wait until it comes out that trump/Hannity paid for abortions. The ONLY thing that would shake his base. And I GUARANTEE it happened.
I have zero doubt it did.  It wanted Tiffany aborted so he didn't have to pay support.  And that will shake the base to its very core.
There’s something underlying there between them. She doesn’t seem to be as much as a daddy zombie as her siblings
At this point, no one believes anything you say. You're a proven liar and a loser. You will never measure up ... 

Worst.POTUS.Ever ...
So what if Trump shagged a washed up porn 'star'! At least he shags them instead of masturbating whilst watching porn 'stars' on the Internet.
Don, YOU are a non-existent man, so give the goon of yours a chance to explain or something, huh? The sketch actually bears a very strong resemblance to Sean Hannity. Where's you pal been lately?
Exactly how do you know this? If this whole thing was done by Cohen without your knowledge or approval how can you know? Avennati set the trap knowing you couldn't resist commenting. You are dumb as a rock Don and Avennati got you good!
Just like you playing the American People like fools and you know it can't wait to #voteyouout  Afraid of a Storm are ya
Sorry but he won’t be voted out. He’s doing the job he said he would. Keep it up Trump. Best President in a long time. Obama was a joke.
I’m not an idiot, just because I’m for the President. He has done more for the American people. Tax cut that isn’t for the rich. Redoing the trade deal that is the best for the American people. Jobs are coming back. The unemployment is at it lowest in 8yrs.
Yes you’re an idiot. You gave a pass to an admitted pussy grabber. You gave a pass to a sexist, racist, homophobic, bigot. You should be thoroughly ashamed.
Omg Really. What about a liar and murderer?
You so often accuse others of behavior which you are guilty of doing.

YOU are a total con job.

YOU play the Fake News Media for Fools (and they DO know it).
Well... M. Avenatti @MichaelAvenatti just blocked me on his twitter for twitting " he should bring sketch with him on Friday to have Judge to take a quick look at it" It appeares that Avenatti is really looking for "truth" #pasta
If you compare the sketch to a picture of her boyfriend then you will notice they are the same person.  She should be charged with Fraud and defamation of character.
Lol liberals
The Republicans have already killed the Republican party, just like the Dems killed theirs! Can't blame that on @realDonaldTrump 
He's the hardest working getting things done @POTUS we've ever had. Wake up, both parties are corrupt, they don't work for us any more! $$$$$
He is the "Man of the Century!" I love President TRUMP! It's "T" time.... !

#MAGA 

#AMERICAfirst 

#REVEALtheEVIL 

#DRAINtheSWAMP
A total con man huh?  Sounds like he's a friend of yours.
Are there any other lawsuits that you would like to entertain?? Just a suggestion, try hiring a REAL lawyer. Your legal defense is sinking rapidly. #Resist #TrumpCrimes #TrumpCrimeSyndicate #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCorruption #TrumpLies #ImpeachTrump #BlueWave2018

Saw the fake video clip of you and two women that supposedly got it on, the idiot that claimed someone sent it to him. Think they hired a look-a-like to pose for that video, because the guy is much smaller than you, in my opinion. Glad he got arrested. Video looks fixed to me.
Dumb Donny, watch what you tweet.  You get dumber by the day.
You would know best about nonexistent men. How many aliases do you have now, Mr. Dennison/Barron/Miller?

Weird how Trump knows exactly what happened to Stormy Daniels in a Las Vegas parking lot in 2011 https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/986547093610299392 …
David Dennison knows who the sketch resembles
YEAH RIGHT!
You and your fixer are no match for Stormy and Mike, you are going down don.
No one knows more about #ConJobs than #donaldjtrump, #BELIEVEME!
Remember sketchy #tRUMPUniversity & the small matter of a $25 million fine? As well as.....
#Birtherism
#tRumpTaxScam
#tRumpRussiaCollusion
#tRumpCrimeFamily 
#SAD

#FauxNewsfoxnews
#MorontRUMP
#DotardDonnie
Who is this guy behind you? Looks exactly like the sketch!
Uh, maybe you need some new glasses !  Not even close, wishful thinking! She was describing her damn boyfriend! The chick is an attention ho! Who says, they're not attracted to someone but slept willingly with them! Oxymoron
Considering SHE passed a lie detector and TRUMP said he’s not attracted to her and she’s not his type, perhaps you should direct that line of questioning to your #MoronInChief.
Which time, when she said she did have sex with him or when she said she didn't! I never saw her take a test! Did you?
This guy looks so familiar! I think the crack team at @CNNPolitics might know ! They news is so accurate !! NOT !! 
It is astounding that the man who is the "leader of the free world" has absolutely no ability to put his own personal issues aside to do HIS JOB.
Speaking of CON JOBS...

Fact Checker:  President Trump has made 2,436 false or misleading claims so far
Nice try though Trump! LOL!!
The President is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year. TIME does not comment on our choice until publication, which is December 6.
Remember his fake framed TIME cover? LOL!!
Trump citing phone calls with Boy Scouts and Mexico they say never happened - ABC News
SOTU: Donald Trump Falsely Calls Ratings Historic | Time
Donald Trump masqueraded as publicist to brag about himself -
Flashback: How Fox News Promoted Trump's Birtherism
Yes @realDonaldTrump, someone should give you an award for being the king of fake news.
You should probably have some input on decorating your new palace...
TRUMP IS GOING DOWN SOON!!!! YIPPYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!
When are you going to start practicing abstinence?
How do you know? By say what you do makes it sounds like you know more about it. Afraid they find him and link him to you? Since you have No moral it sounds like something you would do. What do your wife say about your other Girls? She like to share you spanky?
Oh #DonTheCon aka #cadetbonespurs 
The walls are closing in. The SDNY is coming for you, #muelleriscomingforyou you can feel it. You're panicking, your tweets are getting desperate. Name calling won't help, man up coward, admit you're a fraud! #WorstPresidentEver
#TrumpIsALiar
Ha ha !!! Your getting sued !!!! Go STORMY
... what world do you live in?
It must really be bothering you, I hope they find the guy. Karma
WOW!
This is funny! It does look like her husband. How many years after alleged attack.

It might be your lawyer hired a hit man. I was shocked at the abuse our Sandiego police force allows as “ unidentified” officers AKA- anyone willing to take a bribe f/ court will take your head. 
I’d like the man arrested that beat me f/ Encinitas PD. @FLOTUS @SummerStephan #ma
Isn't that her husband?
You know this how? #guilty
Gee, you haven't mentioned this before. I guess this means you deny the threat, but not the affair?
I hope she fries you~
Campaign of calumny & Propaganda
I'd sue her for defamation if I were you! Yeah, I'd make her pay for these lies! You have the best lawyers! Sue her...... well just ask her to please stop telling the truth.
You just walked right into their Trump.
Um in case you haven't realized it yet, some poor misguided souls actually elected you to RUN THE COUNTRY, not run it into the ground. Don't you have something more important to do than act like a high school girl?
Photoshopped
 people brought into your con
Wait a second.  How do you know he is nonexistent when you claim you don’t know anything about Stormy?
It looks like her x husband

He works for you, of course.
This is a new presidential low, even for you. Way to hold your tongue if you're not involved. Mud-slinging against a former lover you had to pay off in order to get elected. Let's all just think about that for a moment. #metoo is ALL OF US who know you're the scum of the earth.
text of tweet is purposely devoid of names or even which sketch.
Well spoken from a conman he knows what a con job is right Donald. #dontheCon

She described the only man that could stand and and not get paid...  to be with her. Her ex. Lol
I have no doubt that this person is someone you know.

The thought of Eleanor flipping off #OrangeCaligula will keep me laughing for days!
Eleanor would have done more than just flipping him off.
Agreed. And she would have done whatever it was with class .
Aw. Is spanky donny cranky? Go whine to putin, maybe he still cares about you. Especially since you gave him advanced warning of the strikes in syria.
Ooooooo you in trouble! 

This is another assinine comment from PPBOY. YOU ARE A SLEEZE BAG AND YOU GIVE ME THE CREEPS WHEN I LOOK AT YOU. YOU TURN MY STOMACH GREEN WHEN YOU BEGIN TALKING. I CAN NOT STAND YOUR ORANGE FACE, FAKE HAIR DO AND ICKY LOOKING BODY. NOT THE LOOK OF A POTUS AT ALL.
How could you possibly know whether or not a man harassed Daniels in 2011?
Fake News is not to fool anyone. Fake News is for people to feel allowed to believe the things they know that is a lie.
And your word is your bond. I don't think so
Are you going to provide the sketch of what he really looks like?
Out
Don’t come unglued Donnie, I’m sure it will all blow over.
FAKE ??? FAKE PRESIDENT
Why or you or anyone care. It certainly could have happened. But it could be any wack job that thought he was being a good tRump loyalist.
How would you know? Were you there hiding in the bushes?
SMH more input from my Oval Office they say a closed-mouth don't get fed in this case Trump you shouldn't want to eat. "STOP" it makes you look shameful and desperate for a bailout
Yea, right! #PresidentMichaelAvenattiVPStormyDaniels LOL!
Was she worth it?

This woman is disgusting!!! After $$$$ Anyone can look at her line of work and know what is up
Con job? Oh, you mean like Trump University?

Trump said Vladimir Putin bragged to him about the beauty of Russia's hookers, Comey reported in memo. http://apne.ws/CTnTZOx 
You know this picture was proven fake right? Please tell me you are not sending altered pictures?!

Creepy old President whose sleaze and shame has infected modern America
You realize you just acknowledged the affair you said you didn't have?
He looks like her husband to me.  This is all nonsense.  Americans don't care if you did or did not have an affair with this women.  We hired you to run our country, and I am so tired of the left trying to take you down.  Keep up the good fight.
What a dummy
@ShennaFoxMusic is a con artist. This pos stole from her church choir. Great choice to retweet.  @realDonaldTrump is such an embarrassment.  Takes on to know one I guess.
Anyone remember when the position of @POTUS was respected and demanded respect.
Now you have that orange narcissistic meat puppet destroying everything the office stood for.
His fragile ego is ruining the country.
Why can he not just do his fucking job?

The only con is "Don the Con!" I'm sure @FLOTUS is proud to be married to a scum bag as yourself. @Comey expressed it perfect tonight on Colbert tonight. You are a creepy man obsessing over minor details if your an innocent man as you confess!
Donald Trump, this looks like your security man.
You are a bully
Why did your fixer pay her $130,000 unless she was telling the truth? She sure sounds more credible than you do, and her attorney is far better than any of yours (even the better ones who quit). You sound guilty and desperate.
Lovely kid, 'twould be a pity if something happened to his "doting" dad!
How would you know if he's real or not, unless you were playing a active role in the hush money pay out, you wouldn't know one way or the other.
how do YOU know its nonexistent???
You hang out with porn stars. Perhaps the real problem is the company you keep.

Puerto Rico has no power. Please stop obsessing over this person you had "nothing to do with" and get them power back!

He has a point.
Forget her.
Shhhhhh....you're already in enough trouble Man!!
I see this is getting to you......well, more is coming!
Dilemma Daniel's a complete and total feast for fake news.
Wait!  I'm wrong!  You're NOT saying that the event didn't happen.
You mean that the picture of the man is not correct and that's why the man in that sketch is non-existent?
How about posting a picture of the actual person who made these threats?
P.S. it wasn't Melania, was it?
The only con job is the one you pulled and continue to pull on your gullible followers.
Trump feels Very Guilty for keep masking mistakes.Trump knows that one of his Sleazy employees Threatened Stormy Daniels. The whole World will be laughing when Fake Trump forced to resign for Defrauding & Threatened a Porn Star.
Yeah a career sketch artist is going to risk her credibility by not knowing how to get details from a victim.....

Can you pretend for like one day that you are the POTUS and not a petulant, spoiled child?
I can see it now White House Taken Down by Porn Star
Public servant-look it up-stop thinking just about you. I believe the porn star over the president. What kind of f**king world is it that I have to say that!  #worstpresidentever.  #Trumplies
@sweetatertot2 trump is right again! Stormy works for the D.N.C. gets paid and told what to do by them ! This will backfire


Also for future law students-- remember, it is virtually impossible to successfully legally represent someone who cannot help but publicly self-incriminate himself, on a daily basis.
So Trump Hired Stormy's ex boyfriend?
Mr Trump why would you care about someone is tweed you Retweeting can you have better things important thing to do you need to Retweeted about these heroes 
You are sooo F’d....
Hollywood garbage pure trash !
Calling you #Dotard turns out to be a compliment!
Says the man who pretended to be someone called John Miller, and spent an entire interview singing the praises of Doanld Trump.

What... you thought we forgot about that?

Sorry Donny.

The internet never forgets... or forgives.
If you hadn’t have gone into office, all of your private disgusting truths would just be another Weinstein. You put yourself in this position to be scrutinized more because, gee, you allegedly represent an entire country. You happen to lack all ethics and morals. You are gross.
The BIG denier! You’re PATHETIC!!!
Sketch paid for by who~Mule Er. 
INQUIRING MINDS want to know.Lois in not cheap she is one of Worlds BEST!
You’re the CON job! Putinlickerdonnie! @ShennaFoxMusic @StormyDaniels @realDonaldTrump
Spanky, while you’re certainly an expert when it comes to con jobs, I’m imagine there are a couple of other jobs that come to mind for you when you think of Stormy....
@ “Spanky”!
Hey Moron - how would you know if it happened or not? Were you there?

By the way - why did your attorney pay serious money to bury a story about you having an affair with her that you say isnt true in anycase?

If it quaks like a duck.....
Trump’s New Stormy Giuliani Lawyer
Don't mind them Mr President, the Nobel Peace Prize is on its way. They'll surely have the shits then. MAGA.
talking about yourself again
Omg!


The president of the United States, is tweeting about a porn star ... let that sink in ...
∞

So, that means you did sleep with her and knew about the payoff?

Let's talk about what is real. Dare yeah weak little man!
When a pathological liar such as yourself calls something fake, you better believe that it’s not! You’re a liar. Both Americans and Russians know that!
But how do you know it's a con job is my question. Like how do you know? I didnt know you were a investgator on the low.
you sir, are fake news
#StormyDaniels 
#KarenMcDougal
#TrumpLies
#CheatingTrump
#CrookedTrump
#Pervert
@FLOTUS 
@WhiteHouse 
@POTUS
I
Ok, I'm going to as a citizen attempt to distract you from your personal problems to U.S. problems. You truly need to do what needs to be done to help Puerto Rico get up and running. Also, do what it takes to provide water to Flint and hold people accountable and fix the problem.
Ha ha lol, Trump is way too busy playing golf and consulting lawyers
prove it

 
I should resign. I'm the biggest embarrassment to the office of the president. Sexual predators shouldn't be presidents.

Hahahahah
He keeps trolling you and you do exactly what he thinks you’ll do.
Looks like your buddy Fred
Sure i
Your denials usually lead to something
How do YOU know?
You lie
"He was somebody that played a minimal role, if one at all. He was the coffee boy who never even had met with the president."
 #urgh
I'm sure that's supposed to mean something, but the sketch doesn't resemble the photo. As a Scot, I find your profile name offensive.
Really PRESIDENT SPANKY??? Maybe you should think twice next time cheating on Melania... not sure she's crazy about being double dip
She's a classic grifter
