
The internet is forever
Yes it is
You do know that Wikipedia can be altered by anyone. Usually it takes their algorithm a few minutes to catch false information. Wendy was added at 3pm and removed for being false a few hours later. #fyi
Bots of admins rollbackers autopatrollers etc ("designations" on Wiki) rev the very same min if vandalism. Relevance of article also matters

This tweet demonstrates very clearly that Trump has no grasp of the magnitude of his troubles. If he believes that a refusal to hand over a server is equivalent, his dementia is very serious.
Hillary lost to a rookie. A virgin
Yup. YUP. All unfolding in divine order. 
#trumpRUSSIA  #TyrannyIsHere 
http://maddogpac.com 
Go with tiny brains, hands and tiny.......

Go get em President Trump.
No this is your family office working with Russia hacking US election not Wendy Wasserman Pakistani family fugitive with hard drives in garage.
Try to keep up. The Russia case is about over. Everytime Comey opens his mouth more evidence comes out it was made up.
Look how many still haven't been indicted. FYI nobody knows all the evidence that Mueller is holding Trump is screaming no collusion.
Fake... President Trump has ZERO indictments... Keep trying and crying.
Do you even know what this tweet  means?  It sounds like it’s beyond your comprehension.  I’m sure someone else tweeted it.
But what about Wendy Wasserman Schultz??
What about Wendy?
He was eating a Wendy's cheeseburger when he wrote that tweet. 
lol

Go get em Mr. President
He's going to get, Impeached and locked up
What does any of that have to do with your case???
Trump: denuclearized North Korea with a few naughty words. 
No Nobel peace prize.

Obama: Paid billions, supplied uranium to Iran. Iran strengthens nuclear program
Obama awarded Nobel peace prize.
They’ll wipe it clean before it’s turned over.
Clinton ,  Clinton, Clinton!!!!!
You are a war criminal. Sit down
Turn his tweet notifications off if ya don’t like him 
can we go back to Wendy?
Are you excited this lawsuit will force a lot of really bad crimes you committed to become public info? I am!
He’s excited because this is his lawyer.
If Trump gave just two weeks , to his party or even to his supporters,  or even to America , to not talk publicly about issues about his Justice  Department , then his polls would be booming , it could have been something  that surprise people. Only two weeks of try out.
If only Trump took just as little as two weeks to let someone else  defend him, my guess is that he himself could be surprise of numbers in  poll. Even those who resit him by default would be forced to  put on some nice words because numbers would force them to do so.
Comey has just gave Trump a gift,outrage on the Republican side and then surprisingly the DNC just landed a second one,disgust,but this one can be calculated from the Democratic base. Yet without letting people digest these events, Trump is constantly imputing more headlines.
Anyone who uses the Huston ways  to see trough this can predict an impressive opinion of Trump if and only if , he could give people a time to digest things.  Just two weeks of try out and then do the  polling can demonstrate whether this prediction is wrong or right.

@Wendys Was he referring to you in his mangled tweet earlier?
Forget all that stuff man, it is time for you to be tried. Just because you say it does not make it so. Prepare yourself for prison or resign.
Good job telling everyone your legal strategy. Most lawyers would tell you not to do that.
#WENDY
Shut up TRAITOR   !
To hell with Wendy! #MAGA
Irony

Why ??? ... You want to go back to 8 years of Muslim destruction, unemployment, and DEBT ???
If you’re referring to President Obama:
Obama is a Christian
Obama reduced unemployment
Obama reduced the deficit 
All of the things you refer to are what occurs when Republicans occupy the White House.
 IDIOT
Look it up.
This is a Muslim, friend.
Nope, Barack Hussein Obama is a Muslim. Look it up.
Yeah we heard about all kinds of lawsuits. Looks like dotards campaign expenditures will cost way more than 20% now.  Seems illegal that campaign slush funds pay for personal litigation. Hey y'all donate to dotard so the billionaire can pay woth lawyers with YOUR money
Hilary Clinton scares the mess out of you doesn't she? You know for a FACT that if Russia had not interfered in the campaign,  she would have beaten your ass. Really bad too. She would have "SPANKED THAT ASS".

Wondering exactly *WHAT* #ObamaGate is? 

It’s WHY they’re SCARED

…
Look below any comment section of a Conservative. All the leftists have left are insults. Their #BlueWave is merely a ripple, they're losing on every front & no idea how to emotionally deal with it. Ignore the hate & press on. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Trump2020
Patriots all across America are doing their happy dance after reading this tweet. Damn, I sure do love Mr. President.
Sooooo, Wendy has been exonerated?

And why do you always resort to attacking? What have I done to you?
You deserve pity.
“We won with young. We won with old. We won with highly educated. We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.” Context=a thing.
What did you win? Also, Trump barely won the EC (by only 77,000 votes) and the majority of Americans didn’t vote for him. Embarrassing.
Always winning ! MAGA !
If this is winning I’d hate to see what losing looks like. Yikes! 
your not paying attention ,,lower taxes , stock market is up ,unemployment is down ,The world is safe again , Russia, NK and China are all backing down! Our Military is strong again .  Oh and Hillary is going to jail soon !
Taxes are down now but that tax bill will force them to be raised. Did you not look at it? Or are you just parroting trump
Taxes are down for who exactly?  This is the first time in many years we’ve had to pay into our federal taxes. 
for everyone ! Stop supporting baby killers and illegals !
Never.

Your saying your fighting for the constitution but your against it? Last i checked protecting the constitution was in the marines oath
He doesn't sound like much of a marine does he? No marines I know are anti-constitution & mouthy as this supposed one is.
No where in the constitution does it say that I have to like a sitting president or like his policies. Better yet I don't like his love for Putin and all his business dealings with a know kgb. Don't sit here and tell me what you think I have to do. You need to read it again!
So when you find out you were played by dems( yes I said when) are you going to protect your president and country then or still work for the other side. Enjoy the show!
I don't protect people who violate the law. Who has been sued countless times. I have always protected my country. I am a life long democrat. And you're right this is a show, a reality TV show president.
Wait, so now you protect only those you want to protect? Not your decision...
No, I will leave that to the prison guards when he gets locked up. Criminals don't get the same protections as the presidency. #LockHimUp
Booom  Trump is a genious. DeepState doesn't know what to do with themselves
I can't tell if your pretending to be dumb or are just a Trump supporter...
It's a bot.
Not quite honey. I'm not like most of Donald's friends - fake.
Not you. The "genious" you were replying to.
my apologies then 
It's Twitter, none needed!
everyone can afford to be nice - might as well when it's appropriate 
We need a special counsel to get 100% of Clinton & Obama records from the "back-up cloud" and what NSA has stored. 100% of Brennan, Clapper, Comey, McCabe, Strozk, Page, Rice, Mills, Huma, Podesta, DWS, Awan, and on & on. Show all corruption to the American citizens.
I’ll bet you’re sitting there in your room in your underpants with your fat face and tiny hands covered in fried chicken grease tweeting this shit. Shoulda stayed a private citizen, you fat fuck, you could of been banging a porn skank instead of worrying about Cohen flipping.
OMG this is the RED stumping down those virtue signaling dems
"BOOM" pop goes the weasel  Dying I looooove it
I love your comment!!!  
 thanks
We as Americans need to really start considering getting 3rd party on the ballots. Nothing is going to get done for a loooooong time

LOL the liberals want to arrest the man who is in the process of disarming NK of NUCLEAR WEAPONS. #americanenemies.
If you believe that, I have an amazing bridge to sell you in the Arizona desert.
President Trump could sell that bridge and save our country all on his coffee break.  He is amazing.
Did he sell his casinos too? Or were they a total loss? Asking for myself.
It’s amazing, I always thought the house won. Not in that case with the casinos he couldn’t make payments on.
"Even when the house lost, we still won, ok? I am, like, a total winner, I'm always winning. Except my casinos. And my university. And my presidency so far. And my marriages, trust me. Yes marriages, I'm so good at marriage I do it all the time. Believe that."
And he’s a billionaire and the President of the greatest country in history, that’s all.
You tweeted this same thing twenty minutes ago but you called her “Wendy Wasserman Schultz.” You’re a senile illiterate idiot!
Not trying to troll you.Just found this myself, thought you might like to know. “So D.W.S.had an alias for her secret emails, wanna guess what the first name of that alias was?...That’s right Wendy...
Man Trump is the ultimate grandmaster troll! Priceless.
#WendyWassermanSchultz”
Outstanding find!  Also, @ThomasWictor pointed out, when Trump does things like this, the MSMs heads explode and they broadcast it far and wide!    They don't realize they're f'ing themselves!  lol  It's awesome!
Nah, Trump just f$&ked up as per normal.
This guy fell off the stupid tree and hit every branch on the way down.
Thinkin he hit the roots of said tree too : )
What ever happened to the laptop that Capitol Police had; which lead to threats by Debbie Wasserman Schultz?

The only OBSTRUCTIONIST there are is you and your SOVIET PAL PUTIN!!!
Bask in the full track record of one year quarter to quarter - book mark staff - its hard to get it all in one space - http://www.bernydohrmann.com  - everyone should book mark this one -
Let these losers sue. They have nothing left. Absolutely nothing. They were crushed by the American people! They don't know how to cope with the loss.
The American people gave Trump the massive victory. Russia did not. There was no collusion with foreign powers (except Hillary colluding with MI5 agents).
Last time I checked, American voters did this:
I'm sorry, but if I remember 2016 correctly, and I fucking do, Drumpf lost the popular vote by 2.5 million votes. Your map is inaccurate and Trump biased. The American people rejected his orange ass, and our outdated system ignored it.
I strongly AGREE!
Call 1 -800 -bitter1
For people who love other people's money ,but don't want to have to actually work for it .
Yes indeed Miss bitter the hate spitter
Yes ,why would anyone ever want her in power?
Only her fellow lunatics and twirps wanting Obama back
Dems look backwards /plays victim card.    Reps looks forward / progress/ success!
Finally Melania looks happy!
I think she's just laughing to herself because she knows Obama's going to be in prison soon.




But blaming the investigation is like blaming women who get raped, who then get shamed. So what UR saying is, DEMOCRATS DESERVE 2 GET BLAMED FOR GETTING RAPED BY TRUMP, PUTIN AND EVERY OLIGARCH IN LINE? So ur sayin the investigation would be smoother if there were more dems?
Yep, time to grab the bull by the horns and see if he is a man.
No one cares about Hillary anymore, she is not relevant. She can defend herself, we're still pursuing you regardless of what you accuse her of. Even if she is guilty of massive crimes, it won't get you off the hook.
http://dailycaller.com/2018/04/20/ig-pakistani-mystery-man-imran-awan/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=site-share … China using Pakistan to do great damage to America. Thus far @jeffsessions has done nothing against ‘Pakistani Mystery Man’ Imran Awan. Either #Sessions does his job or get new AG @SaraCarterDC @seanhannity @foxandfriends @LouDobbs @TuckerCarlson @POTUS
Sessions needs to just be fired. He's barking demands at Trump in Rod gets fired he's going to quit.
Let's go M.A.G.A.
Haters they can't find any wrong doing!!
AND put you under oath. This will be awesome to watch
Get Sessions & the damn Justice Department to do their jobs!
The entire @DNC is a shit show!
Ridiculous I wonder if it’s all ok why dident they raid Hilary Clinton’s peeps! Double standard!
#MAGA! Is there now any doubt the @TheDemocrats are idiots?
Hi child potus, can you mention someone that disagrees with you without name calling? You are so flawed, its ironic that you would be so petty!!
the ONLY good news from you would be if you'd stop pooing your pants.SAD
Great do anything but run the country pls. We're in enough trouble thanks to you. Oh by the way when do you find the time for us I mean with your affairs & golf?
Why don’t  you testify under oath? . Tell us what really happened ...
When Hillary does right next to him how about that with Lynch & Obuthead along w/ her so we can find out how they played us with their set up?
Democrats are so desperate they are even suing the moon & the stars because they were not in the right place
If you're so rich...why do you need to GRIFT?  #John Barron
Another lie.  But the real Americans already knew that. Its going to take the trump surpporters to learn a valueable lesson before they get it.  Oh, well some are slower than others, just look at trump.   Laughable
HOPE YOU ALL GO TO JAIL FOR THIS
Drain the swamp Mr President!

None of your lying claims matter concerning your own criminal conspiracy & even if you get those things, they don't mitigate your personal guilt for things you & your campaign did, or have done since!

You're worse than a 5 year old playground thug blaming the kid you bullied!
You're just another poor lost sheep you've been duped
Congratulations!
We have another winner!
You made the list!

Some people are just too stupid to be on Twitter!

Your tweet & timeline are all the proof needed!

Thank God for mute & block buttons!

Happy indictments!

Goodbye!

Delusional Donnie:

#1SickSOB #GuiltyBastard
#Resist
Well good. One more thing you can waste your time with rather than being President.
Asshole.
Please get all the equipment. It’s time to put an end to all of this
Nicely done!
Cyndi, it matters not that she was not under oath
Under the United States Code, title 18, section 1001, a person who knowingly or willingly makes a material statement that is false, or fraudulent, to the feds, is guilty of a crime...it does not require that a person be under oath
Yes, just ask Martha Stewart, you know, the one who didn't cough up a donation so they went after her...
Martha never returns my calls.  I try and I try.  Guess I am just going to have to stick to the statute.
Funny...made me laugh!
Like the blind squirrel who gets an acorn now and then, I elicit a chuckle or two.
CRAZY DEMS LOSING THEIR MINDS
STUPID!!! #WWG1WGA #ARTOFTHEDEAL
it didn't work out too well when Nixon and his cronies got sued by the DNC... you better beware!!! Your going down you cheating lying fake human!!!
What about Bernie and Hillary’s campaign
Joking 
From party of tide pod eaters, condom snorters, bug spray smokers that scream at the sky wearing Tin foil VAGINA hats embossed with RUSSIA RUSSIA are now wanting a law suit to expose that the DNC rigged and cheated in the primary so Hillary would beat Bernie Sanders.. SERIOUSLY..
When it all gets to be too much, there is aways John Hiatt....
I'm sitting on the toilet with my sunglasses on
Wondering what you are up to 
This hotel's got bathroom telephones
But I don't want to interrupt you....Ethylene....
Cool.  Go for it big guy.
@TuckerCarlson  Ta Da My President. Ta Da. Have we completely weighed the risks of not firing enemy Mueller who is wasting our hard earned dollars, Sessions who recused himself from work after he got the job and Rosenstein the middle of the dirt bag? We could save a lot of money.
Thier screwed, DNC server is now fair game...lol
If you weren't doing such irreparable harm to the nation and the world, I would truly feel sorry for you and your sad, pathetic psychoses.
Keep on writing comics Markie Mark.  You're really helping make this a better world with your brilliance.  #kiddingyourselfthatyouropinionmeansshit
Drain the Swamp @POTUS! Get rid of all the demonic influences in our country! God is with you president!
The Pakistanis stole all their stuff and were blackmailing everyone.  Should be interesting.
Its probably destroyed by now........
Get them
They already bleached it and deleted everything thats incriminating to them thats why they waited so long to file.
Exactly! I have said the same thing. It's just giving the dirty rats time to destroy evidence. It's the Democrat MO.
By the time DNC hands over the computer it will be an empty shell and tell the judge it has no idea what happened to it.
Are you tweeting this shit in the morning sitting on the toilet??
Oh snap  SJGR. Thank you!
Go President Trump!
Ha ha... "discovery".
Great..more evidence

Keep dreaming spanky
All this and more, on the next episode of The Apprentice!
Love law suits. They usually require evidence!!
Just wondering how GOP & Fox News would respond if a Democratic president tweeted messages directly at the target of a federal investigation openly discouraging him from cooperating with prosecutors. How long until they accused that president of witness tampering?
Don't forget her Pakistani lover who was turning over all of that information.
Can you say dog whistle...of course it was a pakastani lover....lol..why not a female one so it can cover all the groups you hate?
Haha,look President Trump have got to much spare time for his addiction.. TWITTER... k think soo?

But your campaign suffered no damage from the DNC due to them being hacked by Russians that your campaign & wikileaks were in league with. You benefitted from it. Servers? Not likely. Discovery process on this is what's gonna tear your ass up, not the other way around.
Maybe they can get the tax returns when killary turns over the 33,000 plus thousands of emails that she and her staff deliberately destroyed to escape it from being evidence?
because nobody has ever wrote that before.

I love stupid people. (DNC). Go get them big guy!
Yeah not even close fo what you have done DT
What did he do?
Bring in on LIPSHITZ.
Let the Clinton emails go!
Good thought in theory but that shit was bleach bitted, hammered, and destroyed a long time ago. #DemocratsBeingDemocrats
Why to they keep saying “Our Democracy “ we are not a Democracy we are a Republic.
Shhhh...they are on a role
Donald get some rest our birthday in coming in June #teamgemini
The obstructionist Republicans did the samething for 8 years under Obama. So you need to stop with the name calling. You sound like a school yard kid with the name calling and it's NOT PRESIDENTIAL AT ALL>
It just keeps getting better every day
What kind of medication are you on? Whatever it is seems to be causing delusions
Imagine the call for witnesses.
You all act like children.
This is why I voted for you ..Always 3 steps ahead of the game ..Love my President!!
MAGA!
Will keep the old man buzy.  Likes contuversy. Nothing. Better to do. STIR. THINGS. UP
Let the shit hit the fan! 
Stand Strong!
Unfortunately nothing will found because they wiped everything of hard drives already! As well as destroying everything in hard copy! They don’t play by the rules or follow the law!
Do you ever stop to listen how crazy you sound. You sound like an 10 year old talking with his friend about doing something stupid. Wait a minute! You’ve been talking to hannity again!
Mr. Trump, if you really do think that your campaign being sued by the Democratic Party, is "good news", then your mental state must be even more delusional then I thought.

You should have millions of more twitter engagements 
TWITTER BANS TRUMP SUPPORTERS WHO FIGHT BACK AGAINST ANTI TRUMP TROLLS
JACK SHOULD BE IN PRISON FOR COLLUDING WITH THE LEFTISTS TO CENSOR YOUR SUPPORTERS TO INFLUENCE ELECTIONS
Yup...its a tangled web they weaved!!!!!!!!
Sad little president peepee whining about Hillary again
Gee @realDonaldTrump, should I believe a bigoted, sexist demogauge who compulsively lies, or should I believe the former FBI director who records every meeting he had with the @POTUS? Hmmmmn..... This is a tough one @realDonaldTrump? I have to think about this one......
What about all your servers the
Nazi Party used?
But then again MUELLER HAS ALL YOUR INFO!!

Just STOP IT!!! You old fool!!!
Great use of time and resources from all parties involved #not
You are an extraordinary leader. In a the past you have been referred to as the small-handed vulgarian from Queens. But we know that's just an urban legend. And when Kim Jung Un referred to you as a crazy old fool, no one needs reminding that you are not old.
Keep up the great work President Trump! Thank You for standing up for America!
And the shooting in Georgia? Why havnt you said shit about that? It happened in the country you claim too be president over,therefore you should at least recognize the hero and condemn the domestic terrorist.  Try doing youre job for once jerkoff!
Mystery man?you mean Awan..we all know already just say it.#MAGA
Thank you Mr. President for your courage and focus Great job
Mystery man is a radical we got problems with Hillary colluding with un Americans  why ??? So wrong she will run to other country's to back her we are America not all these others country's like Russia she gave our Uranium to why ? She is in there buddy wow everyone knows now
#Wendy #MAGA #Awangate
Quick! Look under your bed Commander Bonespurs. The democratic boogeyman is everywhere these days.......
Wendys sister?
Obama’s “Wendy”
Can you say DISCOVERY?! Yeah!! We got em right where we want em. We are going to win this! I have always had faith in you. You are bringing down the deep state & getting rid of the evil lurking behind the curtain, and I, for one, am so very grateful.  Thank you President Trump!
Would love to see @DWStweets pay her dastardly dues. Hope it happens in my life time!
“Pakistani Mystery Man.”
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
Bring it #POTUS!  Thank you for all you are doing to clean up this country and the world.
Thank you Mr. President.  Stay the course.  Drain the swamp! MAGA!
Can't wait!! MAGA
Y'know, this Wendy thing just might work...
This should have been done from the start @realDonaldTrump but better late than never. You underestimated the utter corruption and vicious tactics of the deep state and the DNC. Time to fight the good fight! And right hard! #MAGA
Heres your Russia collusion, oops sorry thats Slick Willy (Bill Clinton)
Oh and I guess soon we will see your tax returns.
Why is this new news, when the same thing came out with Hillary E-mails. Forgot Comey was in charge then. Funny how time makes people forget, but not the president. You just gangsta Mr. Trump.
@VaselineBrand can you help this guy and his cronies out? I have a feeling he'll need some help once The Muller is done with them all.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP Mr. President, you and Congressional Republicans need to take the gloves off. We can’t allow some dirty Democrats and Deep State actors to abuse the DOJ and FISC to effect a coup d’etat. This fight is for democracy itself!
More immigrants fly into our country than cross the border. So let's build a wall around all the airports.
And use more tax payers $$$..you’re a disgrace
It means we, the people will learn how much help you got from Russians & how much $ they pumped into promoting you. We already know, thru flight logs you lied about the 2nd night in Moscow. The peepee tapes are looking more & more credible by the second.
Sir you really have a hard time accepting the fact that you won the election. You are the President. Don't you have other things on your plate?
Glad to hear an investigation will be done on Clinton emails. I’m hoping it will open even more investigations!! They need to be prosecuted!!!

