President Trump, you have done so much for this country. It sickens me that the left are so hateful and do not give you the credit you truly deserve. Hatred blinds people and the left are truly blinded by their hatred. I am extremely grateful to you for this and so much more. TY.
I am Voting out ant establishment Carear Republican RINO, I am Voting Fresh leadership For the RNC
The Republican party is splintering right before your eyes, son. 

You extreme right wingers are going to be on an island by yourselves, and the entire country will turn against you and make you the enemies in our history books we all know you to be.

Be proud.
Only Splintering I see Is Pelosis Sanity.
Trolls are a hoot. 
Yes they are Christi.
LOL. What a fricking weird ass thing to say.
Mary is obviously experiencing episodes of dementia. James better get on that.
ROTFLMAO: You just had the worst jobs numbers in 7 years, and thats even per Fox News:
I expect that he stops lying. Hes the one who keeps saying he brought more jobs to America than ever before. He lies constantly. Its disgusting & embarrasing. Obama had low unemployment & still beat him. 
.
Dear Leader, do animals and children like you? I think not.
My favorite video. 
Mine, too.  It perfectly represents  my feelings. Animals and children always know. 
Full disclosure, Mary Matalin is a campaign consultant and wife of James Carville who, like all campaign consultants, is hoping to get hired.
"I can die happy now with Trump job performance."

-- Vladimir Putin

#TrumpRussia
#TrumpCrimeFamily
You should hear the majority of Americans who think you suck! You won’t listen to the majority. That will be your downfall.
Trump will hear it loud and clear in November.
Mary, in 2017 job growth was the worst in the last six years. We’ve shipped 121,000 manufacturing jobs overseas since 1/20/17. More major corporations are laying off people in 2018 than since the Great Recession. Read about in Forbes to start.
Hahahahah

Me too! I'm so thankful I voted for you, I've been attacked continually by liberals that only seem to want our country destroyed. I pray for you daily and plan to vote for you again.
Your whole Twitter feed is attacking liberals....
#MaryMatalin could die happy with a jug of cheap liquor
Why don't you try looking up Mary Matalin instead of just tweeting "who is she?" Then you'll know for yourself that she is a nobody.
Who is she? 

Oh yeah, a GOP whack job from back in the olden says. 

Yawn, irrelevant!
Mary Matalin must want the Secretary of State position.
Waffle House murderer Travis Reinking was previously arrested by Secret Service outside Trump’s White House. Apparently, he was there to thank Trump for signing a law allowing mentally ill people to buy guns, including the AR-15 Reinkling used http://bit.ly/2HHGhDe  #NeverAgain!
Mary needs to seek mental health counseling ASAP.
Wtf you are in one effing dreamworld.  #PHONY #FakePresident
What a miserable potus!!

Very nice comment from Ms. Matalin.

#ToiletsAlsoHaveABlueWave
#TarmacMeeting
#ReleaseTheVideo
#SpiritCooking
#GayObama
#CrookedHillary
#ComeyLeaks 
#PedoPodestaBrothers
#IBoR
#TheGreatAwakening
#FakeNews
#Qanon
#MAGA
#BuildTheWall
#DrainTheSwamp
#GITMO
#TrustThePlan

Had to Google “who is #MaryMatalin?”   I think he was in the movie #thebirdcage.
AGRAET OVERALL PRESIDENT MR.DONALD TRUMP
Thank you  mr.Edwin Lopez

Good thing you weren't handed a GDP of 200,000 jobs a day being lost when you took over. You were given the longest job creating in American history. . So don't be patting yourself on the back . Thank obama
 6 million jobs a month huh? You can’t tank an economy then spend 5 years to get it were it was and call it a victory. Obama sucked.
Trump. . Destroys our environment,  sets us back 30 years. . .kicks millions off healthcare. Gives my tax money to the richest of Americans then to cut services to the poorest who have no voice.  .and he is a racist. . Great choice
Trump: Neil Gore six, over 80 stock records, consumer confidence 16 you’re high, 1 million jobs as of July 2017, mortgage applications seven-year hi, unemployment 16 year low, signed women entrepreneurship act, Removed EPA regulations, Ended war on coal, we can dodge Frank reg,,
Trump is doing so well with the economy, guys like Bernie Sanders know, the only way they can even compete in 2020 is to run as Santa Clause. Ps Bernie Sanders. It is illegal to promise jobs for votes.
@JamesCarville better get Mary off to a doctor for an MRI and mental health testing. She is having a break with reality which is a sign of a bipolar psychosis! #MaryMatalinHasLostThePlot


@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @CitizensFedUp @amazinmikey @LCNM99 @Mooncatadams @MtnMD #PuertoRico #WomensHealth #Law #FBI #Veterans #Law #NoBallsDonnie

Putin's GOP Support
for Traitor Donnie Begins to Crack
as Mueller Prosecutors Increase Indictments
http://thehill.com/opinion/white-house/384374-juan-williams-gop-support-for-trump-begins-to-crack …
But sir, will you?
Mr president is purely a saleman who has sale his way to become the president of the United States. Impressive! Wait til people see your sale is just cheap condos, empty promises. Sad!
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” stated Ruslan Fedorov. “A great overall President, stunning!” Thank you Russian bot!
IT IS SO MUCH FUN WATCHING THEIR 'COUP' DREAM DIE....
She clearly has a very low bar by which she measures successful performance.  Or, she is as evil as you are.
Well, that’s one, and Hannity makes two.
Who the hell is Mary Matalin? Is she another woman trump had Cohen pay off?
Quick Trump, hire Matalin as new Sec of EPA, or Interior, or HUD, Energy, Education. Wait, lets make her a Federal Judge! Better yet, Chief of Staff, or Counselor to President, whatever the hell that is! Your new fixer? 
Oops won’t work, she hasn’t always liked you!  #Trumpisms
She must have really low standards.
#dickhead

You have got to get over yourself and stop bragging. It's embarrassing.
#BanAssaultWeapons #BanAssaultWeaponsNow #NRABloodMoney
Akilah Dasilva was gunned down with an AR-15 in today’s Waffle House massacre. He was a student at Middle Tennessee State University where he pursued a career in musical engineering. He loved entertaining the world…
TRUMP!  YOU NEED TO FIRE SESSIONS, ROSENSTEIN AND MUELLER IMMEDIATELY!!!   YOU ARE NOT THE TARGET BUT THE SUBJECT OF THE BS COHEN RAID.  THEY ARE ALL ILLEGALLY GUNNING FOR YOU.... IT’S TIME TO GET THE NSA INVOLVED AND END THE INVESTIGATION ON THE BASIS OF NATIONAL SECURITY!
Fire Rosenstein and Sessions will resign as he has threatened to do

Good Thing 

Two birds  -  One stone 
#DonnyTraitor is only great at two things: Fucking porno stars and lying. That's it.
You'd think he'd be good at golf but hear tell it he's terrible and cheats like crazy.
Let me toot my horn. Toot! Toot!

Canny get enough of these !!
How small is your dick? Is that why you have to boast about yourself all the time? Little man syndrome

How insecure are you that you have to tweet out fake praise to boost your oversized ego? Sad!
Are you attacking your President again Mitch? Have you ever made billions of bucks?


Funny you mention death.

You missed the #BarbaraBush funeral, but here's a funeral you won't miss.

And you won't be missed.

Look how happy everyone is!
How small you are to need to tweet this. Sad.
We got at least one fan....250 million to go
Trump you just need to die period the world would be a happier and safer place... There would be dancing in the streets massive celebrations.. Just like it was in the Bible when Evil Kings died.
Hispanic-Americans for Trump 2020!!!!!!!!!!

Well, we all are going to die, so for the people that think you are doing a good job, can go ahead and go leave earth now and make the world a better place!
Mary is stupid don’t be like Mary
Somebody check on Mary.  She’s off her meds.  Probably can’t afford them anymore thanks to @realDonaldTrump and rest of @GOP
I'm not even shocked anymore that your narcissism leads to this kind of embarrassing crowing. #PlonkerPOTUS
Thank You for saving America’s Future.  You can’t go anywhere We Need You
Stunning, is right. The more credit that you're given (your childish self praise is nauseating,) the more dangerous that you become. Incompetence is your "best" attribute.
All you need is money & a compliment. You’re like a 20y old girl on the casting couch. You’re such dirt trump. Your facade is shattered, exposed. The trump lie is just lies. You’re one big lie. You know you can never cut it as potus. And, you’re probably gonna die in prison. 
What the hell kind of drugs is she on
Yes you can. Go make yourself happy. Don’t wait for us.
Then she needs to get started.
Oh, and yes. We're on to your evangelical thing. You're not religious one bit, but you are preying are these gullible people that will send in money to televangelists that say they will die unless you send money. Hello Oral Roberts. You fit right in.
You're so insecure and easily manipulated. 
PS:  Enjoy prison.
This is such a strange tweet!
Ok. Job finished. Takeup a hoopt


Too busy tooting your own to acknowledge those who lost their lives and were injured at the Waffle House. How self centered and callous!  You managed to find time to tweet your condolences to the prime minister of Canada and Canadians killed and injured in Toronto!  Pathetic!!
@StormyDaniels We need a President that has morals. @ObamaFoundation @POTUS44 President Obama is a first class man and will be one of our greatest Presidents ever. @PatrickDati @OrganizerJakeH @JBPritzker #StormyDaniels #Trump #AmericaFirst #March4OurLives @John_Barnitt

Who cares what she thinks
Well after you're done kissing yourself Spanky, you're certainly welcome to kick the bucket.
Ewww you're bragging about yourself. Your conduct does not speak well as a President representing us Americans to the world. They see you and think we're all fools too. You are, and turning America into, a laughing stock!
 That's hilarious!
Probably her meds talking. Or wait, could she afford her meds? Was she a PoC and denied her meds, so maybe she was delusional? So many questions, and only your word to go by.
Mary’s husband must be Speechless  That’s a first!
Why don’t you just die happy now?
Mary lying 2 Yo Ass!
If we can go around the MSM & tell the people the truth . Just go to neighborhoods & present FACTS ! We win 



And I once admired her...(sigh)
“I can shit a brick and grin now after witnessing DunkyFluff’s burlesque,” stated Brian Greene. “A great overall performance, stunning!” Thank you Brian.
Is this FAKE NEWS or is Matlin really that stupid?
Who the hell is  @MaryMatalin? She needs psychiatric help whoever she is.
We love those first 3 words...u had to ruin it by still speaking
Don't go to sleep next to any plants Mary places near the bed! #TrumpBodySnatchers @JamesCarville
Islam is not terrorism but terrorism
Trump is the most stupid president who rules America because he does not know how dangerous his decision is to move the US embassy to Jerusalem
Jerusalem is the eternal capital of Palestine and we will not abandon it
PLEASE. GO HAVE YOUR MASSIVE HEART ATTACK THEN AND DO US ALL A BIG FAVOR
Worst President in my lifetime and least classiest. Mary Matalin is an idiot.
I understand John Barron and "Jim" think you're pretty great, too!
I, CAN'T die happy until YOU are REMOVED from the White House and the rest of the Trump Crime Family Organization!!
Did Pickle change his name to Mary now? Because no one would say this.
I just threw up a little in my mouth!
Out to lunch.
JUST SHUT UP!
How high was she?
Don’t let the door hit you back n the way out, Mary.
cool plz take others with you
Right
Your job performance sucks all the cuts you gave to special interests,  and the wealthy  you need yo be ashamed working class people don't stand a chance! You played us!
you piece of shit of a president, time will tell, and time will come bite you on the ass and impeach you!
So you're going by"Mary"now?
Please go ahead......and take your buddy with you.
How much did Cohen pay her?


There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Then why are you still here.  Do it already!
Just die instead. We’ll live happily.
Much love  from North Carolina! Block all these haters!!
I don't care HOW you die! Just do us all a favor and DO IT ALREADY
She said that over a month ago, and she's also completely irrelevant.
You will be, too, in the not-too-distant future.
Another moronic, right winger, who obviously doesn't respect our nation or its laws, checks & balances, etc.  Her word means nothing to most Americans, just as yours means nothing.

History experts in New York Times op-ed: Trump worst president ever, Obama in top 10 https://usat.ly/2BDww5q 
What’s her husband say? Or can’t I ask that question? I don’t want Kellyanne to have another meltdown.
Under Trump's watch, national debt tops $21 trillion for first time ever

Mary is a very intelligent Woman! We have never had A #POTUS who works as hard as you do and Loves all Americans so much! America is so Lucky to have You! God Bless you and God Bless America #MAGA #POTUS #USMC
Don’t die just yet. We still have a Lot of work to do! MAGA
“WAH! WAH!
Mary Matalin had another fight with James Carville last night so she tweeted a lie just to piss him off!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
The only thing stunning is how bad I’m doing!
WAH! WAH!”
- #crybabyTrump
Wasn’t Mary wrong about everything?
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance,” said planted Libertarian Mary Matalin, despite the fact he has the lowest Net Approval of any President ever. And sadly she might have to "die happy". We all might if Trump destroys the Iran Nuclear Deal 
I guess Mary wants to die?
One out of 350 million is not a good score
She GOT THAT Right!!
Doesn’t anyone see anything wrong with this man always self promoting himself. Focus on being the POTUS and not Popularity. A disgrace to the Republican Party. How can anyone find any pride in such a narcissist regardless of your political stance. He sickening.
I said the same thing Mr President! Thank you for all you do for the American people 
She also has senile dementia
ACTS 20:23,24 a scripture for you Mr. President. Thank you sir. You are in our prayers!!!
So childish. He must repeat everything good thing said about him to make himself feel good. #SAD
I'll bet her husband feels very differently than she does.
Sorry about your illness, Mary! #Dementia is a serious disease.
Authorized by Title XIX of the Social Security Act, Medicaid was signed into law in 1965 alongside Medicare. All states, the District of Columbia, and the U.S. territories have Medicaid programs designed to provide health coverage for low-income people.

Jajajajaja clown 
What a stupid tweet. #Dementia
Fake news
Who the hell is that??
You have made a lot of really stupid claims in your life but your "Earth Day" message has to be one of the dumbest:
 
"a strong, market-driven economy is essential to protecting these resources."

I'd like to see you prove THAT statement.
How much money did that cost you?
You're th only person on earth, so demented, that you'd take pride in that statement. Would it have been Tweet-worthy if this misled soul actually did pass. Only you would prioritize th statement in this fashion:

1. Mary Matalan thank you for your opinion
2. Pity you to passed

@SueHaye53083301 why don't you resign? Don't you think you are in enough trouble? That's the way it looks to many people.
He needs to keep with his regimen and take his psyc meds daily like a good little boy.........

Moves Like Jagger - Studio Recording From The Voice Performance has been matched to this tweet by a deep learning model
Here is a person happy with  Real Presidents !! and a Real Smile 
Don't kid yourselves. "Conservatives" are in it for the tax cuts, avoiding paying their way in the American service economy.
Matalin admits the Trump tax cuts are all we're going to get from this con man.
Trump has demanded that all his cronies praise him. This is for real.
We are all going to die with you pretending to be president and stealing from the poor to give to the rich. Next you an GOP will cut Medicare/Medicaid and give that money to the rich too. Evil shit!
get over yourself.
加油只要能毀滅中國共產黨，也速與中華民國復交，你就是名留青史了。
Most likely was a quote made by someone High on a Trump Blunt.

Trump dies, I'd be happy.
Mary darling , imagine your husband is laughing so hard he is crying!
Uh.....is she on drugs?!?!
Grow up man!
Trump, vous pensez que la politique du pouvoir est impossible, et cette terre n’est pas votre décision
Suck it. You forgot the can't.
