If you focused on the 142 gang members (if that number is even accurate) instead of the sanctuary cities, you might be on the right track. God bless the U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago for ruling against your tyranny.
Go live in Mexico and take your dress off while you're at it
Pathetic
I just don't understand these people do they think that they are immune from crime.
@realDonaldTrump you might want to do somthing about Va's Governor he wants to make that State like Cali a Sanctuary State for illegals
Draft papers to congress and state the Federal Election laws are fragrantly being violated by Leaders of Democratic Mayors and council to prevent American Citizens a clean and effective Constitutional voting process unaffected by criminal actions of Sanctuary cities; cut funds.
Stupid much?
Is there any constitutional provisions to arrest these crazy judges and governors for treason
Yes
And yet, your crime family still remains free.
Hillary and Bill are saints though, I guess. Do you have any idea what they've done?

The investigations against the Clintons and Trump are racking up. That's a fact for you. Talking about Hillary is as legitimate as talking about Donald. Again, your point can be flipped
I mean, I could also bring up some other non-public-office-holding citizen who happened to be under investigation.

The thing is, Trump's president, so whatever he did is a bit more of a threat than what some random woman with no political power did.
To whom are you referring?
Nobody in particular. Bringing up Hillary is like bringing up some random guy who was under investigation at some point.
Except Hillary has immense political power and is far from a random person. Also, she's currently the subject of investigation. (I've already said that many others on both sides are about to be investigated).
I'm not afraid of gang members. I'm afraid of Republicans.
Why you fear republicans? A Rep. the people who are more likely to run into a burning building to try to save a human life or a dog for that matter all the while risking there own life, scary, better than being shot by a gang member initiation killing of a random person I say.
My chances of being harmed by republicans are far greater than my chances of being harmed by gangs. Are you going to want to receive the benefits from your payments to social security & medicare? Do you want affordable health care?
Affordable health care?  What happened to the rates after Obamacare?  Do your homework.
Actually, I was fine with paying for it.
ممكن ان تساعدني بمبلغ من المال
Why can't the criminal enablers / co-conspirators be held accountable? 
72,000,000 Republicans or, 24% of the voting population (a minority) are destroying this country..#fuckoff
Good leadership turning citizens against each other Donald your a real piece of work and have no Idea what real leadership is it’s a SAD day for America when thier President can offer nothing but discourse to the Nation #loserinchoef
Video footage shows violent mobs of ‘Black Lives Matter’ rioters targeting white people for brutal beat downs during last night’s unrest in Milwaukee
#BlackLivesMatter rioters target whites: "They beating up all the white people." #Milwaukee 
I guess my quote is misleading, it was quoted from an article on that night.
They are putting us all at risk. What gives them the right to do that.

Put charges against all sanctuary cities and states and their leaders
No they cant. Why dont you people blame the Broward police?
Yes, they can...why don’t ‘you people’ ever research?

I plan on leaving CA!  It's gone to hell!  MAGA
That's why we don't need to let more illegal immigrants including the caravans that are trying to get into the U.S,the American. Citizens come first,don't let them  ask for  asylum,or else more will come,they will take over America
This is BS. Not everyone believes your crap.
#DJT2020
#KAG
#MAGA
#qanon
#data
#greatawakening
The whole idea of sanctuary cities is an Obama era absurdity--the idea of local municipalities going against the laws of the rest of the country!! Who was it who said that a nation divided against itself cannot stand??
.
xd
If you have any illeagal criminals in your city, put them on a bus to a sanctuary city. Problem solved
Maybe when those crooked local authorities are held accountable for their actions and the consequences of those actions ...  things will change ?

Pretty sure O was responsible 4 that problem. Must have been some1 he wanted released, release ALL so no suspicion!
POTUS is horrible
Name two.
Yo mom look like a Ford focus.
WHY CAN'T WE STOP THIS???  THATS WHY WE VOTED FOR.  PLEASE STOP THIS INSANITY AND IF MR.SESSIONS WANTS TO LEAVE THEN BUT TAKE ROSENTINE WITH. YOU.  SESSIONS STARTED THIS MESS , IS HE PART OF DEEP STATE?????
@POTUS 

Then lock up the damn officials and appointed judges that release these criminals! Do something that's pro-active and illustrates America disapproval! 

While you're at it, Rosenstein and Sessions had to go! Their lack of actions to perform their jobs after pathetic!!!
Fake News!
كسمك
Trump and Republicans are national disgrace traitor russian employees treasonous connected to russian mobs. What was that about sanctuary cities again? The US military should remove you from the WH bcoz you are an  enemybof the nation. The majority of the nation hates U.
Youre the head of the one of the deadliest gangs in world. What r u talking about?!!!
Well said.
we need more sc justices, who r willing to protect us from terrorists, criminals, drug smugglers, human traffickers coming from abroad or from our borders; n who will protect the unborn n our religious freedoms n liberties by reversing the abortion n same sex marriage-rulings.
No More Criminal Releases!!!
Especially, MS-13 Animals!!
Mr. President, why can't we send "The Caravan" directly to Sanctuary cities only? They want the illegals, and protect them, let them have em. Provide no funding to sanctuary cities, but provide them all the illegal's that come into our great country. That is what they want.
That's a good thought, BUT a #Federal judge said that #Trump CAN'T defund #SanctuaryCities.
I know... one step at a time.
Stop being hypocritical. How many people did you hurt?Because of your brutality, many Syrian children have lost their parents.
To ask if you read what you tweet is like asking a blind person to see. You are a joke don no one but  Scared racist support you.  They don't want to lose the power they have and will let innocent ppl die and u are ok with it. Sad so sad.
Sanctuary cities protect the criminals and allow the innocent to be killed.
Liar.
Bot

But mass shootings committed by white male Americans are apparently absent from your radar.
We had one at the Waffle House just this week in Nashville\Antioch Tn. White male government hater.
Making up things again.
Where is your proof? 
You lie worst than your hair.
You are the little boy who cried wolf. If we accepted everything you tweet about concerning immigrants, by your count the entire US population will be exterminated by the end of October! Here's a novel idea, Donnie, start tweeting the truth for a change.
Democrats have all gone insane.
Wrong! That's not even how sanctuary cities and states even work, doesn't mean they have any control over whether or not the justice system charges someone with a crime or releases them early from jail. Only a Trump supporter would be dumb enough to believe this bullshit.
Lies... again...
Lies,nothing but lies.
I was always led to believe that harboring a fugitive was a crime, so it seems to me that Sanctuary Cities are illegal! Am I wrong??
Sanctuary WH released 60 Russian's only to be replaced by 60 new Russians making it easy for them to continue their spying and your' conlluding with them. Russia has commited all forms of violent crimes from poisioning, to tossing journalist off balconies. You're selling out USA.
Build the WALL. End the crazy policies Obama planted to destroy the United States! End sanctuary cities- cut off the funds. The Foundation this nation  was founded on had Judges checking first Law to see if new law fits. Not Judges making new Law!
At this rate we will have to build a wall around California
Ha ha great idea
@Snap_Politics @ForgtnCitizen @s8lrgirl @DoesAnyoneGetIt 

I post what makes sense and get sensored. I’ll say it again. BOOM!
Try phrasing it in the way of a question suggesting a LEGAL SOLUTION.
Such as "Why can't we prosecute official enemy combatants on US soil for sedition and treason, and once convicted, execute them via firing squad, @realDonaldTrump?"
So I have over 15,000 followers. 13 were allowed to see this tweet before it was censored.
So it was deleted that quick? I’m surprised how quick twitter censors a persons opinion. There are a lot of people who feel the same way but Twitter edits opinions just like the media.
Because Twitter participated in these crimes against America?
Are...are you implying that there were no violent crimes prior to these phantom gang bangers' arrival? That has to be one of the stupidest things I've heard anyone say. Ever.
Agree, so please Arrest sanctuary city mayors.
We need to stop this and stop this now even if it means cutting off sanctuary cities utilities possible electric fence with high intensity
FAKE PROPAGANDA!!
I guess the white American born killer at waffle house doesn't count. He goes inside kills 4 African Americans and you're not out denouncing white supremacists. Oh wait they're you constituents what should you. Dispicable POTUS.
You’re not kidding. They vote blue and anything they can throw at you to disrupt YOUR PRESIDENCY!!!
Some statements might be stupid but a lot of them are real
It’s constant fake news on here with you but only the followers believe you watch out if you tell him to drink the Kool-Aid they will
Go live in Chicago put on a sign that says “SNAP”

very unhappy on this.
Yes law enforcement is doing a great job alright.....killing innocent young black ppl!!!!
This is an easy one the people that released those violent gang members they need to go to jail and then onward to prison get people in there they wouldn't do that
What a stupid statement.
Give names and cities, not lies
What about Cripps & Bloods & Asian gangs & motorcycle gangs?  What u gonna do @ that?

When you Resign all will be well.
I’m afraid of the whites from here with guns

Fear the liberals!

All done
Those cities should be sued for attempt of murder! Many of those gangsters have committed murder!
سياساتكم غامضة
YOU ARE SUCH A LIAR! Where did you hear that? Fox (fake) news?
One that needs to get locked up as 45 and is GOP’s that’s who America should be scared of
You know what makes safety in America difficult? Assault rifles and high capacity magazines.
You just proved how dumb you are an AR 15 is not an assault riffle.
You are no better
You're free after committing many of the same crimes as them. Sexual assault, harassment, racial discrimination, fraud, etc. Is the White House a sanctuary city?
Actually your promotion of Nazism makes safety in america hard. Sit down. #ResignNow #nazipresident
Wow..what a powerful statement !
BS
Why can they do that there should be some  law that could stop them
Trump slams sanctuary cities after court rules against penalizing them ...
More BS
It's time for24/7 Immigration Courts & Ankle Monitors on Illegal Aliens/Refugees/VISA HOLDER until Immigration is Undercontoral.
Never seen so many dumbasses as I do when I read remarks from the liberals. The ignorance is overwhelming. Pull up the crime..killings..and drugs coming in from illegals. Not one American should be victimized by someone who DOESNT BELONG HERE!! Please get help for these delusions
Trump cant get a hard on.. everyone knows you cant have sex any more!!   YOU ARE A LYING MAN WHO CANT GET IT UP. We know this
Once again, you don't know WTH you're talking about. But your followers are too lazy or ignorant to do their own research, so no surprise that you lie to them with impunity.
Mexican Cartels will kill them if they try to return to Mexico and take money from them the American Cartels have to establish themselves in thier own area or die.
Seems that illegals have broken thru around Lorado past the military. Need more soldiers out there quick
People make mistakes. They serve their sentence then they get out. What you SHOULD be concerned with as POTUS is recidivism. Its proven that punishment doesnt work. What these people need is rehabilitation and the ability to get jobs so they dont go back to crime. Shaking my head
..... a great deal of important information which makes your post appear to be intentionally provocative. Especially to the average American who is easily riled up and not accustomed to critical thinking. Try being a leader for once. Don't be provocative.
Yes but that's not the real problem with them, the real problem with them is that they provide safe haven for anyone conspiring against the country @NSAGov
You don't say if they were released early, what percentage of their sentence did these people serve? Where they involved in rehabilitation and/or career education both of which earn 'Good Time' credits as well as good behavior credits. What was their crime? You've omitted.....
Sancturay cities are not for the protection of criminals . thank god someone is standing up to you and your "scare" trump polotics and protecting mothers and the children from your fear mongering
Ya they let one big one loose you

This is why the #SecondAmendment is so important in this country.citizens have to be able to protect themselves.
We read about it in the papers every day. #StayStrong
So end catch and release and all the bs hearings that the illegals miss, then you would be doing a better job.
Feeding to your base to racists is not enough to be the president of United States you doing a great damage to this country by keep dividing people Shame on you I’m so embarrassed that I have to call you my president
please make America safe.Thank you
Liar in Chief! Nobody believes a word you say! Huckster in Chief!

And where is the top cop why hasn't any action been taking via the Attorney General Top Cop?
This is why I have a gun. All day every day! Never leave home without it.
Thank you for supporting America's law enforcement, Mr. President.
I would like to see the proof of that claim.
Get them ti leave the country put them in jail for life
Innocent until proven guilty. Try to remember that, Donald. You. Your political rivals. Immigrants. In fact everyone in America. Innocent until proven guilty.
I believe New Orleans, my home, is a sanctuary city.......I DO NOT want my home and that of my children and grandchildren being a sanctuary city!!!!  Point blank!!!!
Again, why Do You capitalize Random words? Did you Complete the 6th Grade? See How Stupid that Looks!
I want to know you are your religion
You are so stupid. You think because you make a blanket statement like that- that it’s true.  Yea NY does this. It’s fun to watch all the gang members run around
So your saying that you prefer that citizens convicted of crimes should never be allowed to return to society? Was jail/prison not enough punishment for their crimes? Perpetuating the stigma that people (gang members) are the problem is not justice. #The real problem is poverty
Why are you not talking about all the Caucasian individuals committing crimes, why are they given a pass...crime is out of control because you are allowing this with your lies and being evil...
Why do you keep lying? If you were Pinocchio, we could use your nose as a wall.
Praying for America!
Not to mention all the unaccompanied alien children (UAC) that Obama let into the USA unchecked from Central America that would go on to unite w/ MS-13 or join it...
Build the WALL DEPORT them ALL. ARREST sanctuary city politicians for AIDING AND ABETTING!!
Sickening!!!
These nincompoops making such foolish choices for the American people clearly are not for the American people.  
BUILD THE WALL!
Enough is enough!
And by releasing  them in our states instead of depressed them,ppl are going to purchase more guns and learn how to use them great  job S CY
SOURCE? SOURCE?? Show the list of 142 gang members & provide your source. This is not a legitimate claim until it's fact checked. #LiarInChief #RacistTrump #Impeachment

Maybe following President Trump who pardoning CRIMINALS,  just saying...

what Obama did to ISRAEL WILL BE DONE to him or his previous adm.
There is only One Gang Member, with many aliases, the good and decent people of America is interested in catching: "John Barron" (or "John Baron"), "John Miller" "David Dennison" Trump or whatever your name may be today

Bullshit!
How about the Russian motorcycle gangs in Florida?
I am so intrigued to have a president like @realDonaldTrump by making a difference it this world the beautiful  world we call Earth by eliminating violent criminals that are leaders instead are cowards for dirty work 2 proof a point, hes powerful hence powerless
Why not shoot the ba'terds?
This is NOT true!
Oh yes that's what sanctuary cities do on in blue states.  You see, we identify and protect the violent criminals so they can make red states unsafe... and if you think that's close to accurate, you're smoking dope.
I’m not afraid of gangs either I’m afraid of evangelical hypocrites on the Republican Party
Absolutely, because the only people that commit violent crime in this country are gang members. Good catch #ConManDon.
Build the wall around the democrat part of californa and all sanctuary states our the towns that suport this our move all sanctuary supporters to californa
And you pardon Arpaio.
Esp with u
ترامب جحش
Send I.C.E. to Iowa
The whitehouse commmits crimes to.
I agree with you , even our  policeman are in greater danger .
