What about what Rudy said?
Get to bed, You have more stuff to do tomorrow, the list never gets shorter....
Shush. You’ve already talked too much today.
Another shameful plug of Faux News. Pathetic. We all know you can't read, #PresidentLiar
I will if I run out of toilet paper.
Will certainly check it out... America supports our president! #MAGA #KAG
Still selling those hats?
Old guilty man can't sleep.

What is it did I miss something is it #BookReview #week 
 Are you doing reviews for @amazon or are you recommending this & the one by Greg Jarrett as #books for the @librarycongress
NOPE 
His financial condition isn't very good.
How dumb are you to have Giuliani there?  
So, about that payment…
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels
Stormy Daniels



#GreatAwakening #Qanon @RealSheriffJoe
This is crazier than the right claming Michelle Obama is transgender,,,
Welp
You seriously need some help to get over your sick Obama fetish.
You don’t read Trump!
Ironic that a man who doesn’t read, briefs, books, reports or anything else continues to promote books via Twitter.
What’s the name of the last book you read tromp? We know you didn’t even write your book “Art of the Deal.”
It is well documented that your staff gets frustrated with the fact that you will not read. I don’t think you can.
What I’d be interested in reading is the paperwork once your indicted!
Donald Trump is the most illiterate president in the history of America!
Greatest President ever!
You’re a special President, Making America Great Again!

Obama never had to worry about his mobster lawyer flipping on him.

Obama never had to worry about a special counsel…
Earnhardt must have let you bang her for the cheap endorsement.   Dirty Don!
Did you watch MSNBC or FoxNews tonight.. interesting news 
Who is going to read it to you you dotard?
We are too busy reading Comeys book & forming pools on which date Mueller will subpoena you on. Then there’s the date the indictments will arrive. We have a pool going on the day you will wig out & Fire ANOTHER investigator, & then what day we will begin impeachment proceedings.
Rightwing Crap
resign already
If you've got time to read a book, you've got time to do an interview with Mueller.
Says someone who can’t read or speak intelligently.  Why did you pay Cohen $130,00 if you never slept with Stormy?  Still waiting for your tax returns!! #russiancollusion.
THIS is the real story:  https://www.cnbc.com/2018/05/03/giuliani-trump-fired-comey-because-he-wouldnt-tell-him-he-wasnt-a-target.html …
Obstruction @GOP @foxnews
What's with all the book plugs lately?

We all know you've never read a book.
Ainsley Earnhardt, a truly great person, just wrote a wonderful book, “The Light Within Me,” which is doing really well. She is very special and so is her new book...bring it to number one!
Came here to say exactly this.
Spanky Stormy is winning!!
That's heavenly BLOTUS. PS: YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL.
I love Trump's foreign policy towards security world peace. President Trump deserves some accolades
Rudy Rudy Rudy!
Haha you can’t read.
So is Comney's book, leading Robert Mueller to you!
Everyone is so quick to insult the president, why don't you practice what you preach and try being nice for a change. If you don't like his policy or character, great! Help be the change you wish to see! Just don't insult someone personally based on their political views.
I am not the President. He is beholden to millions of us. He is supposed to function at a higher standard. He is supposed to honor the office by being better than an unfunny insult comic with a fragile ego. He is supposed to broker peace and justice.

He has failed on all counts.
He has failed, but have you?
Loos like you need to fully read and comprehend tweets as well. I just listed five reasons why. You addressed none of them.
I understand that he is failing, I'm not supporting him!
Again, you are not addressing anything I said. You asked why it is okay to insult him given his actions. i list five reasons why.
Protest and object all you want, that's your right! My point is to do so facatually and intelligently- what good does it do to throw insults around? He's proof that it gets nothing done.
Still not addressing my answer.

I’m betting you haven’t and won’t read it.
He Can't Read  
Like you actually read? Ivanka get you to pitch this?


Thanks for reminding us unstable Hillary lost...
I just read a good book too, Donny.  I highly recommend it!
Here’s Comey’s higher loyalty! Thank you Mr. President for firing this corrupt cop. 
You must be a Trumpster. No class.
Or a Russian trump bot. Even less class.
Don't know who she is, but she must have said something nice about you.
@ainsleyearhardt Wow! Kudos on Pres Trump’s endorsement of the new book! #MAGA
But your followers (and YOU) don’t read. Sooooo.....
You repaid Stormy Daniels! Tweet this

Psalm 128:1
A Song of Ascents. Blessed is every one who #fears the #Lord, Who #walks in His #ways.
#Jesus #Saves   #JesusOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
#GOD bless our #Nation #JesusSaves  #OneNationUnderGOD


Future Inmate
South Korea thinks Trump should get the Nobel Peace Prize...
I feel sorry for her...and endorsement from you. By the way, we know you don't read, so 5 seconds looking at the cover was enough, right? A beautiful cover, right?
Anything Trump do, think, try to create.  It's most like no good. Just like his life.
@FBI  trump is in violation (AGAIN) of § 2635.702 Use of public office for private gain.
An employee [Trump] shall not use his public office for his own private gain, the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or others
I'm so glad I LEFT the Demoncrat PARTY, bye bye
Didn't Kellyanne break a law by encouraging people to buy items?

she rocks! Fox news only real news out there!
Re-Start want to change Iran's regime.
Here's some recommended reading, much more important..
Every book Barack Obama recommended during (and after) his presidency http://ew.com/books/2017/01/18/barack-obama-book-recommendations/ … via @ew
The List: A Week-by-Week Reckoning of Trump’s First Year - Experts in authoritarianism advise to keep a list of things subtly changing around you, so you'll remember... by Amy Siskind https://amzn.to/2FAIPxZ   via @amazon
The Plot to Hack America: How Putin's Cyberspies and WikiLeaks Tried to Steal the 2016 Election... by Malcolm Nance for $9.99 https://amzn.to/2FADgj3   via @amazon
Collusion: Secret Meetings, Dirty Money, and How Russia Helped Donald Trump Win ... by Luke Harding https://amzn.to/2HKtNri   via @amazon
The Inside Story of Putin's War on America and the Election of Donald  Trump... by Michael Isikoff https://amzn.to/2rgtD3H  via @amazon
A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership by James Comey https://amzn.to/2IWMJ67   via @amazon
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House by Michael Wolff https://amzn.to/2FbuHuO   via @amazon
Hard Choices: A Memoir by Hillary Rodham Clinton https://amzn.to/2FBprRa   via @amazon

Yep
Do you know what a book is?
Said the President. Honestly, using your office to promote a private enterprise? My forehead hurts too much to facepalm again.

Is it ethical, or legal, for the Rezidentura of the United States to tout a book like this?
It's alright, Des....
Sarah Sanders says President Trump doesn't believe he's above the law.
Whew! Well, that's a relief. I just thought....
So great you can't spell her name.
U OK HUN?
Just bored sweetie.

Sorry, Mr President, everybody knows, you don't read books. So what are you talking about? Did you enjoy the book jacket?
Now you know it going to not sell thanks you trump. Mess up another career
So...you read it?  I don’t think so...unless it's a pop up book.
Just quit promoting other people's books on Twitter. We all know you do not know how to read anyways.
I don't think you are allowed to use the POTUS pulpit to endorce products.
Will definitely buy it. Love and support you POTUS!  Have a great day. 
On the subject of books, please also recommend this wonderful and very special book, "Faith and Resistance in the Age of Trump." Or better still, denounce it as Fake News or even threaten a lawsuit. Either way, bring it to number one! @OrbisBooks https://bit.ly/2rhDwPz 
I'm surprised to learn that she can read and write!
Reading her book must be somewhat akin to watching a dog walking on it's hind legs
'It is not done well but one marvels that it is done at all'
Since when does a POTUS   Endorse books ? Your are not Oprah is this a new side venture ? Quit using the executive office to fill your depleted bank account try helping the country.
The actual current bestsellers for 2018 were written by Michael Wolff, John Oliver, and James Comey.
Number one: Your tweet is a direct violation of the Office of Government Ethics rules against elected officials endorsing private companies or citizens. But, as we already know, you have ABSOLUTELY no ethics at all.
C’mon man. You know your followers can’t read.
Nope. Reading Comey’s book. Seems to be holding that spot. 
Nice quid pro quo you've got going on with the FOX & Friends folks:
Ha ha ha. She wrote as much of that book as Trump wrote of any of his books. All written by ghost writers. Neither Trump or Earnhardt are functionally literate
Dems said Monica Lewinsky was irrelevant & she was a kid. I’m sure that this is a very short list as 2whom this billionaire has had sexual contact. But that isnt where his heart is now, @great personal expense he is trying to right the many wrongs in America. I pray 4 him daily.
Donny... we know you’ve read NONE of the books you promote...
Did you move on @ainsleyearhardt like a bitch or is this just foreplay?
Isn’t this illegal? Are presidents supposed to be promoting products?

Post an Amazon link!
Since we all know you don't read. Why do you do so many fake book promotions? Who makes you do these? Hannity? Savage?
Mr.Trump! Your the man bro.! This country is finally moving forward again. Thank you Sir. From a deplorable Vet living in the Sanctuary State of California.
How would you know if it is a great book? You can't read.
Sorry, but I gotta finish Comey’s book on the mob (you)!!!
Please send out a tweet President Trump.Emmalea TWICE LOVED by Rosalyn Rogers http://Hammock.Help  her make it no.1
So this is the sum of #NationalDayOfPrayer Our Potus pushing book sales for a GOP contributor.  #GOPChristianity explained in one tweet.
Ugh. Poor Ainsley. It’s a curse to have an endorsement from this man
As President, it is extremely unethical for you to promote or condemn a private business, a private citizen, or your own for profit enterprises. As a man, your corruption and inmorality, are well known, but as a President, your lack of common decency is beyond the pale.
Too bad, it would have been a blind purchase for many but an endorsement from you is like cancer... no one wants it and it can be fatal.
lollllll   My exact thought.  I just told him  that I would NOT buy the stupid pos since he endorsed it
Like you can read. Everyone knows that your daily briefings cannot be written down because you cannot read & retain more than a paragraph or two at a time.
I've never heard of Ainsley, and now i can disparage another person I didn't even know based solely on your recommendation. Thanks, 45!

Donald, did someone read the book to you? 

Is it a picture book? 

Is the audiobook already out? 

We already know you barely have patience and will to even read a few bullet points at a time, let alone a full book with big words and no pictures.
I loved watching Rudy shoot you in the back on Hannity. You couldn’t make a good hire to save your life. The art of the fail.
Trump either has, or is trying his hardest too, fuck Ainsley Earnhardt.
Lol
Would that be number one on Amazon or the failing New York Times best seller list?
تم
Trump has colluded with Saudi Arabia, Russia and included the US in the Reduction of Crude Drilling so the man made shortage would cause the fuel prices to Sky Rocket.
Trump is doing crooked shit to make Corporate America wealthy while the middle class suffers.
How do you know it's any good? Have you read it? Listened to it on audiobook? Learned that you can't shill for someone as a sitting president? Will you just resign, #MadKingDonnie?
Ainsley farted wha? Did u bang her or something? Maybe try CrossFit instead of compulsively paying for sex, Spanky! Lol!!!#CadetBonespurs #TraitorTrump #SelfServingSlimeball #ObstructionOfJustice #RussiaCollusion #RuleOfLaw #maga #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Nobody believes you read.
This dude can't even read more than a one page briefing and that's only if it's bullet points and now he's making book recommendations. Tomorrow's recommendation: The Hungry Catepillar
no
Did someone read it to you or they just told you about it? Will this patronizing get you support? Really, are people that stupid?
I'm thinking the NUMBER one book right now is James COMEYS book!! You should have your daycare Tutor read it to you!!! #LiarInChief
Idiot, go watch soap opera
We all know you didn’t read it!
How classy, using your position as temporary president to shill books for stooges at your state run TV network.
Comey’s book is much better!
Trump endorsing a political hack. Figures.  How low, or lower, can he go?  Is there a place beyond Hell for people like Trump?
I'll Get it  Right Away  Mr. President.
Ur favorite book...
So, now you’re doing book reviews in order to help an author with financial gains?   Isn’t there something else you could do with your time?
The President of the United States is now hawking books. What favors were exchanged?
Do you work for FOX News?
I'm thinkin' it will probably remain number two.
AGAIN !  .....YOU HAVE NEVER READ A BOOK IN ITS ENTIRIETY, SO YOURE OUT OF YOUR LEAGUE, AND THATS JUST ONE OF THEM. @seanhannity
Number one where? On the New York Times Best Seller list? Isn't that newspaper "fake news?"
Publishing companies print, buy up, and destroy the first run of trashy books like this to game the system of best seller lists, so it literally is fake news that anything makes the list.
Who read the book to you, Spanky? Did they read more than 2 minutes at a time?
Is the President making His advertising services available to all Americans?

This President using His position to personally and specifically promote products for others! DISGUSTING!  What did SHE do to incur such favors from This President? Does Stormy know? Does Melania know?
How would you know? You dong read.
There’s the kiss of death for that book!!
You can't spell her name right. You've NOT read the book. You're sucking up to someone who has dirt on you
Dude can you act like a president for a day?
Where is ‘the light’ within you Mr Trump? You cast only darkness...
you don't read..
Corn & Itzakof book, " Russian Roulette" is a real page turner.
NEVER
You only cause darkness.
Did you see what book is higher then hers on the best sellers list Donny boy ? Huh huh did ya ? That’s right it’s Comey’s book !!!!!!


Why ? Because you say so !!
Happy to learn you can read?  Now, kindly read the Constitution.  Thanks and have a great day.
And I’m sure you’ve read it. 
Absolutely love Ainsley! She has brought so much to the morning show!!
It all boils down to whom you believe,a bubble headed,big breasted blonde with no shame or morals or Stormy Daniels
Oh honey, your base doesn't know how to read. SAD
Did someone read it to you?
Did you "read" it on Audiobook?  Because we all know you can't figure out what those marks on the sheets in books are
Why don’t you be nice to others? I wouldn’t touch anything you endorse
You don’t read. How would you know?
What cut does the IMPOTUS get?
At least I can believe you wrote this tweet...

Bet it won’t unseat Director Comey’s book, A Higher Loyalty.  Ha ha ha
There is also a man they call the Waffle House hero he took down a man with a gun stopping him from killing more people FUCK THIS BOOK
Your supporters don’t read books

Ainsley Earnhardt is a sweetheart and her book, “The Light Within Me” is beautiful
Boycott this boon
You lied.
To which particular lie are you referencing? There have been soooo many, you need to be more specific.... lmao.    He lies more than he tells the truth at this point... needs to go back and read Lincoln’s writings
Lol all encompassing
How about no!
Well if you think they are great, something must be wrong!
I like this one:

"A respected, long-time Republican strategist... skewers the disease that is destroying the conservative movement and burning down the GOP: Trumpism."
You recommending a book?? Who told you to? What did you get out of it? What do you hope to get out of it? C'mon...you don't do anything for free and this is too small to be distraction...But, then, she's a 'personality' on Fox so maybe that's your payoff...
Illegal promotion. You suck more than all the pumps in New Orleans.
Como se trata de un libro verdadero, entonces si vale la pena.
You still haven't acknowledged the great Walmart here!
#ETTD #ConManDon
How would you know, you don't read books?
Funny how you often tweet about books. I'll bet $130K that you haven't read a book since before you had bone spurs.
She’s part of the Fox and Friends group—nothing to see here.
You put her in an awful position during your loud, campaign style rant on @FoxNews @foxandfriends  Did you see the look on her face as she listened to u talk? BTW, @NatlPrayer Day is about a relationship with God. #MalignantNarcissists are incapable of having that relationship.
You can't read, dotard!
Have you at least glanced at it? As we all know you don’t read.
You know how to read???
Paid sponsorships for @FoxNews ...how is this even relevant or important for the @POTUS to care about?
she's white, looks like Ivanka and is on Fox News. Color me surprised.
How do you know it's a wonderful book? You brag about not reading. So, how do you know it's a wonderful book?
So you paid $130k ... thought u know nothing about it. LIAR!!!!!
A book review from someone who doesn’t read. It’ll probably flop after your endorsement just like the politicians you endorse.
