@NobelPrize are you listening? Maybe take the prize awarded to Obama on his first day in office, a move even he was embarrassed by, and give it to the REAL peacemaker of an entire generation. 

May God bless you  @POTUS for taking arrows from the lunatic left while saving the US
Let's start @realDonaldTrump with something easy first Say negotiating hush money for an affair If he can get one of those right we'll move him on to something bigger
Mmmkay, like bringing peace to the Korean Peninsula?
Too much for @realDonaldTrump Let him start with successfully negotiating hush money for one of his affairs
Ok.  Awesome! Hush money deal done. Don’t care! Clinton got a BJ in the Oral Office, don’t care! 

If you’re able to answer a political question - did Obama deserve the Nobel Prize on his first day of Office? If so, please share.
Bless your heart Hush money deal so badly botched it is still in court, Obama didn't win the Nobel Prize on his first day in office. 
To answer your question Obama and I agree that he did not deserve to prize at that time
Even @realDonaldTrump fans are allowed to check facts
Thank you South Korea & China!
My grandson is 5. He's smarter and more articulate than you. And you're being played. Dotard.
Um... Lily? I'm pretty sure your grandson was smarter and more articulate when he was two years old. On a slow day. When he hadn't gotten enough sleep. And had a fever.

There's no reason to be nice to the worst, most dishonest, and most corrupt president in history.
Shape before he stepped in office than after. Stuff was bad over there but policy making made it worse. Love how no one talks about any of this. Everything you show as to why his policies were bad is returned with, "he tried but the GOP got in the way". Oh please. He sucked
You must set example here it's not in human when you warned them and it a scandle by liberals to interfere with  n.korea and every other deal you have by strength and or enemies believe you will do what you say gd or bad.dont look week
You should be telling this to Mueller.  He's been using an  oil well drill for over a year looking for a crime to hang on Trump and still hasn't come up with anything.
Well, outside five convictions, 15 individual indictments and 3 corporate indictments. Nothing besides that so far.
Nothing on Trump.
Sooo...... You're naive enough to believe that Trump, who said he hires the best people has no idea what the people around him are doing? Okay.
If they had investigated Obama with the same Zeal they are Trump, I'm sure they would have found lots of stuff on people around him too. If you look hard enough you will find things.
I'm not interested in Trump's character.  What I care about and what you should also is all the good things he's doing for the country.

You’re so dumb.
This should be on @KayfabeNews
Thank god Obama set you up for success.  You owe him.
https://youtu.be/SAFVlRGGqq4 
Future Headline:  Donald Trump announced today that he is marrying his cell mate Bubba Jean in a private ceremony, attended only by fellow inmates, P. Manaforte, DJT Jr, J. kushner, M Pence, and S. Hannity. 

Instead of gifts, the happy couple are requesting soap on a rope.
Cohen won't get an invite.

@jokowi setan iblis tukang tipu tukang ngutang,antek komunis cina
Who could've known the guy who enjoys being spanked by a pornstar would also enjoy getting f*cked by Kim Jong Un?
But hey, according to the left President Trump had nothing to do with North Korea wanting peace. LOL
At this rate we should change the Nobel Peace Prize to the Trump Peace Prize!!
what the hell..?
Trump: massive win in negotiating peace talks to end a decades-long war and POSSIBLE denuclearization of the most dangerous regime since Hitler. 

Democrats- but, but, but, uhhhh, um.., but, Russia, Russia, oh and Cohen, oh and a porn star on a Make America Horny Again tour.

???
I'll give credit to Trump if anyone could show me with verifiable proof what exactly it was that Trump did that made these peace talks happen? I see him taking credit for it, but not demonstrating how he did it. 

Also this doesn't detract from Muellers investigstion. At all.
Of course it does! You all have to obstruct! It's what you do. Your policies, both domestic and international, do not work. You all keep talking about Trump ad a nightmare. What nightmare?
No it doesn't. The two have nothing to do with each other.
The right has no grounds to complain about obstruction either, after they obstructed Obama for 8 years.
You still haven't provided anything that supports your opinion that Trump is responsible for these peace talks.
WELL...Trump called Kim Jong-Un "Rocketman" on Twitter and bragged about the size of his red button. His man-child act spurred the adults in the region to reach out to NK in hopes that Jong-Un was more reasonable than Trump. 

So Trump gets Nobel prize for his strategic tantrums.
Being played!
GO TO BED!

You’re so annoying. 

The New York Times is not the only one saying that. It’s been said all day. 

Get your facts straight. 

#Trump
#DonaldTrump
#ResistTrump
#Resistance
#ImpeachTrump


Talk is cheap.
Ok, who will? This why direct objects are important. Are you saying that NK will shut down testing sites or are you saying that America will shut them down? One involves peaceful resolution, the other probably the start of WW3.
I wish you luck, I truly do, as this would be good for the World. But, I would define some of these terms first to make sure you are all talking about the same thing.
They don't need the test site anymore homes.
Headline: Trump still diagnosed as insecure, financially unstable, colluder, groper, liar, cheat, and totally duped by N Korea.

Sahut up already!
The failing White House!
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times. Also, will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
Everyone hating on President Trump: I want you to stand up right now, find the nearest mirror, look yourself right in the eyes, and say, "from this moment forward, I VOW to be a BETTER human being, and to help MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!" #StableGenius
What's your point, Dotard?
‘The U.S. Just Borrowed $488 Billion, a Record High for the First Quarter’

‘The U.S.’s need to issue more Treasuries is expected to grow as the fiscal picture deteriorates’ 

I am sure the GOP don’t care.
‘In Amazing Coincidence, Billionaire Who Advised Trump on Regulatory “Reform” Got Huge Regulatory Exemption for His Oil Refinery’

Remember when the EPA worked for us? Not billionaires. 
‘Trump campaign has paid portions of Michael Cohen's legal fees’

‘The Trump campaign has spent nearly $228,000... raising questions about whether the Trump campaign may have violated campaign finance laws’
‘Trump can threaten and use vulgar language but Michelle Wolf can't tell jokes?’

Donald, you have turned the Right into ‘snowflakes.’ 
‘Kelly thinks he's saving U.S. from disaster, calls Trump 'idiot,' say White House staffers’

‘curbing the erratic urges of a president who has a questionable grasp on policy issues and the functions of government’
“I spend more time with the president than anyone else and we have an incredibly candid and strong relationship. He always knows where I stand and he and I both know this story is total BS," Kelly said in a statement’
‘Senator Rubio says U.S. workers get little benefit from tax reform: report’

Refreshing honesty.
"Failing" ? What is "failing" ?
#Trump #diplomacy #TrumpRussiaCollusion #MAGA #KoreaSummit
Kim goes to China and meets with President Xi, comes back and ends Korean war.

Thanks goes to President Xi.
Because Trump threatened to sanction China. China was the key for the Korean War to end and Trump recognized that while others before him did not. So Yes, this has Trumps name all over it!
He threatened sanctions in February. The U.S. owes China 1.17 Trillion.

That’s like you threatening not to pay your credit card bill.
That's business! He knows how to manipulate business on that scale
You guys do realize that China has the upper hand on us? They can sell our debt to anyone and completely destabilize our economy. We didn’t force anyone’s hand
Peace treaty between North and South Korea is a big fraud. You just approves international legal base so that Moon could give plenty of money to North. Kim will complete nuclear plans and South Korea will be communized. Then, America will lose whole Asia to China.
Why quote them if they’re failing?
Mr. President
You are The best
The best liar, the best cheater, the best racist, the best traitor. Yup just the friggen best.
Your opinion
I don't give a shit
This is Mr. Trumps job!!  All President’s have made Peace Treaties, gotten US citizens from foreign countries.  I know the bar is low for this President.  He should just do his job and quit expecting so much credit.  Unbelievable!!!!!!
Ok tell Kim we WILL NOT Invade. Who wants North Korea? No one. Kim is afraid of being strung up on a yardarm if he loosens up the country. Tell him China did it n they’re still in control. Also immigration - we need ppl to work on our farms n chicken ranches.
...Americans won’t do construction or farm work. Mexicans n Central Americans do it gladly. Plus at least they’re not Islamic jihadists flooding Europe. Give them temporary work permits. BUT we need 2 STOP opioid epidemic. Where is the HEROIN coming from n HOW is it getting here?
Worst president.
And you have the worst haircut
Superficial idiot
I stand behind you mr. President
Matthew 10:22
And you will be hated by all for My name’s #sake. But he who #endures to the #end will be saved.
#GOD protect our #Nation  #BibleOurGuide #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD is with us #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD bless our #Nation  #JesusHeals #OneNationUnderGOD
Ecclesiastes 8:2-5
I say, “Keep the #king’s #commandment for the #sake of your #oath to #God. Do not be hasty to go from his #presence. Do not take your #stand for an #evil thing, for he does whatever pleases him.” Where the #word of a #king is, there is #power; [1/2]
And who may say to him, “What are you doing?” He who keeps his #command will experience nothing #harmful; And a wise #man’s #heart discerns both #time and #judgment, [2/2]
Psalm 14:1
To the Chief Musician. A Psalm of David. The #fool has said in his #heart, “There is no #God.” They are corrupt, They have done abominable #works, There is none who does good.

The"investigation' is a sham  used to manipulate naive gullible people into thinking that Trump is guilty of something.
Are you sure or did fox tell you tell you that?
No, something called brains and reality told me that.
You support trump so you have no brain and don't comprehend reality.
Resorting to personal attacks is proof that you know you have no valid argument.
Didn’t their test site implode?
so, go back on the Iran deal before you meet with Kim.  It will give him time to think of how you backed on a deal with another nation that had nuclear ambitions.  Just make sure you can the IRAN deal first.  And let Bolton and Pompeo push you to start a war with Iran
So it's not true then?
Thank you President TRUMP!!!

Peace through strength 
Not so hard when the law lies in the barrel of the biggest gun
I see you’re up for Nobel Peace Prize for the influence you have allegedly brought to bear on North Korea to lose its nuclear capability. Do you not think you would be more deserving of such an award had you not threatened to totally destroy North Korea?
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @Mooncatadams @MtnMD @zeitgeistbabe #WomensHealth #PuertoRico #Family #FBI #Law #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie

Remember
When Traitor Donnie
Promised to Show his Taxes
IMPLEMENT Russian Sanctions
Pay Back the Millions he Pledged to #Veterans?
He payed more tax then Obama 
He put the toughest sanctions ever on Russia 
And hes being blocked by the Demoncrats for everything he trys to do to make America great
Jesus Christ, take an ESL course. Or go back to the 3rd grade and pay attention during English and spelling.
Kim K ?

So, I'm confused.  Is this legit or fake?  I can't tell anymore.
Real headline: nk can't do shit because their nuclear test site collapsed. While you're patting yourself on the back, don't forget to punch yourself in the face
Invasion is not needed. Tell him we will give him food for his people, from him, to just have a look around. Worst case, we feed them. Eventually we will have to rescue them.
If you are involved with denuclearization of Korean Peninsula, much kudos to you. That said, the rest of your presidency is an embarrassment and a disaster.
HE IS NEAR TO WIN A PEACE NOBEL PRIZE FOR GOD SAKE
Bot?
no
outrage in Syria 4 the fake Syrian government allegedly using chemical weapons a month ago I don't see no outrage in Yemen wear the Saudi Arabians bombed a wedding with children using the US bombs we sold them where's the fucking outrage
Hey Donald suck it!!!!
We need COMPLETE access to the northern region. That is a deal breaker. We need to get into those camps by next month or its off and we begin strikes. Those are our terms. Let him know.
It is highly apparent that you do not know what the hell you’re doing.  #NominateTrump He deserves a #NoMoreTACOBellPiecePrize
Full unadultered cooperation means a lift of all embargos over an 18 month period.
M
.MmmcI'll ..m..
Mmmkm

Tlook.lmmmmmMonmmoo.Mmmmoonlitmnmmmmm.mmmmmmu0ppxexm.3
But not because of you ... the entire world knows you have exactly zero influence on this decision, which is in no way a final one either. But sure, grandstand like you always do, #DavidDennison!
#weakestPOTUSever
#resignNOW

Peace now ok
You do know they lost their nuclear cache in a collapse of their testing site, right? & promising not to invade means not stopping them from taking over So Korea, right? You surely are not so stupid that you don’t know what is going on, right!!Oh brother, how did we end up w/you?
#USAkillYemenis
President Trump you will go down as the best President in the history of the United States.
Worst*

President trump you will go down as the WORST president in history of the United States. 

There i fixed it.
He'll go down as the best President this country's ever had.  There, I broke it again.
Your parents didn't teach you any manners did they? When someone fixes something for you, you say thank you and move on, not go and break it again.
I don't need anything fixed. Trump fixed it on election day 2016.
Russia*

Russia fixed the election. 

I fixed another one. Now don't break this one again like the last one. I won't fix anything else of yours for free.
Even Obama said during the campaign (when he thought Hillary was going to win) that our election process could not be hacked because it is too decentralized.  Mysteriously, the day after the election, the Russian collision lie was born.
So proud of the progress that your leadership has wrought in re; to NK!  Although sceptical of Kim Jon Un's true intentions, I welcome peace, which will only be brought by the denuclearization of NK.  #NobelPeacePrize
Nobel piss prize.
#POTUS. #MAGA. #ReleaseTheTexts. #UnRedacted. #TheGreatAwakening. #Qanon. #PrayForPotus. #PrayForKanye. #LockHerUp. #BringFlynnBack. #DrainTheSwamp. #FakeNews.
Piss prize
#POTUS. #MAGA. #ReleaseTheTexts. #UnRedacted. #TheGreatAwakening. #Qanon. #PrayForPotus. #PrayForKanye. #LockHerUp. #BringFlynnBack. #DrainTheSwamp. #FakeNews.
Mr.President, You should win the Nobel Prize.
Thank You Mr. President!
Bot
The failing fake president us just trying yet again to divert from Mueller... Russia... Stormy... Comey... Cohen... Do not let the carnival barking con artist get away with it. You will go to prison, Donald. Tick tock.
Fake president? Tell me how so. He was constitionaly elected. If you think the majority should elect, then why do you advocate slavery? Lincoln got only 35% of the popular vote.
Lincoln got more popular votes AND the most electoral.   No one else came close to Lincoln in popular vote -- despite South not letting him on ballot. 

Stupid people always think they are smart, even when -- especially when -- they only know part of the story.

Don't be stupid.
Lincoln won the second lowest share of the popular vote among all winningpresidential candidates in U.S. history. ... Like Lincoln, Breckinridge and Bellwon no electoral votes outside of their respective sections.

Google it bitch!
You had it all, go anywhere, do anything, and you gave it up for love of country. There are a hell of a lot of is that appreciate it. We will be there for you. Thanks Mr. President
We do not read the failing @nytimes 

#USA #TRUMP #MAGA #ArmyOfTRUMP #TRUMPTrain #QAnon #QArmy #WWG1WGA #ReleaseTheTexts
but trump just quoted them... that means all you lemmings should read it now. That is until later today when he calls them fake news again. But wait, he'll quote them again.
Coming from the Failing White House!
I said you'd be the greatest president ever and do great things in the world and I live in England and want you to come and visit and have the full monty whistles and bells visit .keep up the great work

Wow. The Russian bots are in full force.
Funny u claim New York Times is failing but yet u tweeting about their headlines just proves ur telling another lie.
We will see if you are being tricked yet again.. and giving up something that was already was damaged beyond use is the type of sucker deal you would make. #ShitholePresident #Loser #MAGA
Cool.
If they’re failing- why are you quoting?
I have a bridge to sell you
회담장소로 판문점으로 됐으면 좋겠네요~~트럼프 노벨상 으로 긴으자
President Moon is a traitor and a North Korean disguised as the South Korean president.  As the people of South Korea demand his removal from office.......The USA remains silent and focused on FAKE NEWS and not a real world issue. Moon is more dangerous then Rocket Man Kim.
President Trump is the REAL PEACEMAKER. ....ONLY PRESIDENT TRUMP! !!!!!!God Bless President TRUMP. ...
failing NYT? FAILING TRUMP, the ignorant and proud of it.
Das ist ein guter Plan...
Astonishing achievements, Mr President!  We truly thank dear God for you, every day. 
This is #fakenews as @realDonaldTrump has said the failing @nytimes is a fake news source!!

Hold him to his words, n those on a iron clad agreement w/ no wiggle room, and sanctions only lifted in a stepped process after our conditions are full met
@NobelPrize Good job Mr President one step closer to world peace. @fbi massachusetts has clean injection clinics for heroine addicts and legal pot...two less products on your black market list...the world is very happy.
Nobel here comes #maga
Are you unable to act or speak as an adult? My son, at four years of age, was more of an adult than you are at age 70 something. #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Good morning to you as well.
Isn’t it obvious that when Kim visited China he was put in his place and told to smarten up.  Why the need to heap glory on this president for doing nothing?  It’s as embarrassing as Obama’s win was.  The bar is sure set low for you Americans
Mr. President, you have to be enforced the immigration law
Anyone that has a problem with our GREAT president,  can just move somewhere else! Problem solved 
I love the sound of rain
Fake news
Wtf are you doing
Hope he will but..Don't trust him!! Kim probably will change his mind!!
I’m so happy for you Mr. President . I’m sure President Moon is glad too . Thanks Japan and China for working for this too .
You are too ignorant and self involved to see you’re playing right into his game. Zero forethought or understanding.


Amen
The Bible is a silly made up story made  by bronze age people to explain the universe without any understanding of physics or genetic biology. Then a few other people decided to make money from it and control how people live. Think about it.
Wow. Hows your life going?. Your kids?, if you have any. Faith. Love. Forgiveness. You...may wind up lonely, as well as cynical. Sad. All yours. Easy to discredit. Complain. Find fault...thats not a man. Happiness is work.
Carry on believing in your fairy tales if that's where you find happiness.
So, the con-man is getting conned by Kim Jong Un! 
#FANTASTIC
How so? I don't see it that way at all. Everything seems to be going quite well on that front. Sure, we're dealing with KJU, so a double-cross could be in the cards. But looks good do far. No?
Talk is cheap. Let’s see what he does. Nonetheless, prior Presidents couldn’t get him to the table. You have scored a point!
I’m confused. Are you saying you do or don’t want us to believe the New York Times?
Kim blew up his nuclear plant. He's also out of money. That's what the meeting is for. You're being played
Have you asked yourself why is he out of funds , I think your brain is playing you
Why are you quoting headline from "failing" NYT? Makes no sense.
You're so naive if you think Kim will pull a Gaddafi.
Is a pity you swallowed everything by not telling Buhari the world recognized terrorist how he is killing Biafrans and sponsoring terrorist organizations, Big Shame On Trump, Karma awaits you for sure.
So.. Are they ‘fake news’ or not? 
I like how you cherry pick which stories from the “FAILING NEW YORK TIMES” are fake news when they call you on your lies and corruption scandals but then you quote them when it’s good press for you. You can’t have it both ways with fake news, you contradict everything u say.
That would be the same nuclear test site Mother Nature shutdown with an earthquake last month?
Meaningless claim.
"from the Failing New York Times" really? you still have to call everything fake news?
Be cautious of possible alternate motives from that sneeky mutha f-er
“I AM EXTREMELY AFRAID OF @NYTIMES!!”
How exactly is he a peacemaker, he may have helped getting China to actually do sanctions, which helped north and south come to terms. There’s a difference between a peacemaker and helping with the rest of countries doing sanction to twist Kim’s arm into talks.
Ofcourse that's not realistic reporting.
You are such a hater.
From his unwavering commitment and support for Israel to influencing the outcome between the two Koreas, President Trump is demonstrating real leadership. It's not being a bully negotiating from a position of strength. That's responsible, effective, and real leadership.
The DPRK has no choice but to shutdown the test site. The last blast caused a chimney collapse. The site is most likely no longer usable.
President trump is making American great again.
Dear God please continue to guide and protect President Trump in Jesus's name Amen.
#TheGreatAwakening 
#Qanon #MAGA
Good You came to Sense again and Decide to shut all your Sites also
All I can say is we'll see.  He has made multiple promises in the past and broke each and everyone

......Kim being vinticated as a humorous and outgoing bubbly person of peace despite the world's pointing fingers at him as something that he is not.

Moon vinticated, taking over a corrupt predecessor Park into the World domain.....
I'm confused, are you saying that since they said this we shouldn't believe it?
Amen!!
This coming from the “Failing United States President” LOL
How is he failing
Several ways but there are too many to list.
Ok give me one.
Where is the wall? Where is the money from Mexico to pay for it?
everyone in world knows that you never keep your lying word that you scam cheat con to benefit your bosses' offshore accounts and your own. failed tv personality dirty dime don cannot pick and choose which news he calls fake and which he doesn't. he tries to produce great America
God Bless you Mr. President!  WWG1WGA
Kim Jong-un owns Trump's ass

Trump forced this. If Obama had been the one to force it, the press would be calling him a genius!

Is Mr drunk a mentally stable person ? Highly doubt that
If those ppl are truly enslaved as weve seen we don't have shizt for him nor anybody in on it. I pray for them to get theirs & there to be a great change everywhere. Do u realize dear that of all the wasted wealth if spent right wut beautiful world & peace could have been by now
Thanks to President Xi leadership!
I have my suspicions he had little to do with this.
Oh.  Big surprise!  You like the truthful NY Times when it suits you.  You are FAILING.  Over 3,000 lies accounted for to date and these don't include your personal acquaintances.
The "Failing New York Times" has about eleventy-three more followers than you. And they can READ!
Keep the pressure on him.  And u know Dennis Rodman probably influenced this as well. Just saying.  Great job so far man!
We’ll see 
So this is fake news right
Headline you’re still being investigated, headline your campaign is still being investigated. Headline you colluded with Russia. Headline you’re going down for money laundering. Headline you’re a crook and a liar. Headline you’re a real fucking asshole
Opinions vary
Shutting down of any Nuclear Test Site has NOTHING to do with You! They are BROKE!!!
If it’s from “failing” New York Times than it must be Fake...right Donald?  Can’t have it both ways!  So sad! #truthaboutrump
The President of U.S. should learn from the President of China...
Idiot
I'm not sure why you quote the headline if you call the NYT fake news.
Ha! As if the little dictator is to be believed, but should step down as leader.  In the 90s, the world was shocked after nk successfully tested its first nuke, especially when carter and clinton entrusted nk with permission and knowledge to have nuke power. #NoWeakDeal.
NOW you believe the NYT? You are such a fool.
Kim has the relatively easy job of playing Donald Trump for a fool. To quote the Cheeto, "We'll see what happens."
#STFU
ps ...
Totally disagree but that's clever!
I didn’t even know Kim and Kanye had nukes!!! Such a weird time.
NY Times subscriptions WAY up. People know they report the truth and since no truth is coming from WH, they are turning to real news.
Geezus you name call NYT but whine about #WHCD when you're the very person that has absolutely destroyed normal, civil conversation in this country and greatest contributor to creating hate amongst the country's own people. GTFU. That test site collapsed and is inoperable as is.
#Trump will be at fault if this blows up
Any part of the story does not sound trust wrothy, for such a negotiator you say you are but do you know when you are being played I wonder, I do not believe you are a strong leader as you think you are, your house is falling around you you have no control over what is happening
Uses news sources at your pleasure, when it's bad, and there's a yuge amount of bad with you, it becomes "fake news " must be nice to create your own "fake" reality.
In your wildest dreams. All North Korea has to leverage are their nukes. You have already given them the gift of their long-desired meeting with a US President, without them giving up anything. There’s no reason to reveal what they have or get rid of it all. You are being played!
They don't have shit to reveal they are failing country starving their people for ancient ICBM parts. Maybe Kim came back to reality ?

Only because their site crashed
All praise to Jesus our Lord President Trump. 

Always praying 
How about America getting behind our president and trying to make America great again and a better place to live and raise our children and everyone stop being so negative all the time ? This country always got behind who ever won and if you don’t like something then help fix it
Failing fake so called President.
