How come the liberals want to put the onus on Trump for these Jackson allegations? They’re fake, but if they were true we should be blaming Bush who hired him and Obama who kept him for 8 years!
David Axelrod loved Ronny Jackson a few months ago!
Susan Rice also had some great things to say about Dr. Ronny Jackson until Trump nominated him for the VA!
Liberals will turn on anyone Trump supports in a dime. Look at how they’re doing Kanye. It’s hypocrisy of the highest order. 

We should be focused on a great government. They haven’t even allowed Trump to staff a full cabinet.
NO ONE HAS EVER SEEN A PRESIDENT SO OBSTRUCTED AS THE DEMOCRATS ARE OBSTRUCTING TRUMP!
Oh so the republicans blatantly saying "obstruct obstruct obstruct " when Obama was elected is totally different?  Ok.
Republicans are more civilized than democrats.  They never obstructed the way these Dems are doing
So. Republicans didn't lynch effigies of Obama? Republicans didn't start the whole birther bullshit, calling his citizenship into question? Republicans aren't responding to opposition's statements with words like "Libtard" and "Snowflake?" Quit lying as badly as Trump. #GrowUp
Hi there, Montana voter here.  Zip code 59803.  I stand with @SenatorTester and because of your bullshit tweets about my senator, I'm donating to his campaign today.  In Montana we don't blame other people for our mistakes.  Unfortunately you haven't learned that lesson yet.
In Montana I guess just throwing out unsubstantiated lies is good...not a place Id want to visit if they all like you which I suspect they ALL aren't
Hi Val, happy Saturday.  Senator Tester  was happy to openly discuss the accusations from 23 of Dr. Jackson's co workers, but Dr Jackson took his name out of the running before it got to that point.  Tester has spent his entire career protecting veterans and this is no exception
Too bad he didn't do it before smearing someone first...Dr Jackson is honorable and noble and put country over party..He new the swamp hate would hurt getting him confirmed and go on and on and on  like the dems have done..Secret Service has denied accusation
If he did nothing wrong, then why did he drop out so fast?
Did you not read above post!!!! He is a better man
A better man would stand in the fire and prove they are lies, not run away.
Like I stated country over party ..he the more honorable and noble...something libs do not possess..he did not want our country and vets held back by the obstructing lying dems..he world's above them
Does anyone whine more than you?
Yeah the Democratic Party for the last year and half. Have you been under a rock?
Trump is the one that brings up the election nearly every single day.
You are kidding right?  The media has been saying it was illegitimate since election night!!!  Non stop coverage.
I agree the election was legit but that is the main reason for the “resistance”.  They think he colluded with Russia to steal the election.
Jeez you talk like a comic book villain 

Why do they call him the candy man?You are just pissed because another Cabinet member was not vetted properly  and it makes you look bad yet again.  Looks like we will have another investigation.  How many does that make for you Donny? #UnfitToBePresident #CORRUPTION
You mean respect like we had for Bill Cosby?? Yea it's all good till the undeniable truth is revealed!!
It's the WH fault, completely, for incompetent vetting. This Dr. has a naval career on the line because of WH inexperience.
Pro tip: never nominate your drug dealer to your cabinet.
It’s not fair that you won the election Donnie most ppl didn’t vote for you
Most eligible voters did .
Cut the crap  Thomas
Cut the crap, yourself!
11 hours
She lied her ass off.
But Trump..... hahahaha hahahaha, you're just on the wrong side of history, someday you will have a banquet of consequences .
Do your own vetting Trump. You're the one that has humiliated him by putting him under the microscope b/c of this position. YOU check first and if they pass your requirements, then submit the nomination. Being a doctor is less scrutinized than running a billion $ organization.
Tester will not resign since he doesn’t have any...
Admiral Ronny Jackson was good enough to serve his country & 3 previous Presidents. They would slander Jesus Christ if they knew it would hurt you Mr President. 4,5000 people were praying for you on Facebook live yesterday & your entire team.  God Bless the USA  #MAGA Sir
And Trump would slander Jesus Christ himself if he got in his way.  I hate to break this to you but Jesus was a liberal.  The kind of old hippy you'd hate.   Ironic, isn't it?  Now rest.
I hate to tell you, Jesus believed people should work and you needed to show others how to work. Keep giving them free fish or teach them how to fish. We now have a young society of lazy irresponsible latte men with hair buns who want to tour the country in a tiny house.
And Jesus would have never told David to go sit in a cry closet!
Trump is stabilizing the world, a stable world allows people to live happy lives. Trump should be getting the Nobel Peace Prize.
Putin bot
Of course you like him. He lied for you about your weight....your TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY NINE pounds of it.
Bussom booty buddies
Won't stand for slander? Ha they voted for YOU! Birtherism, lying Ted Cruz, he's not a war hero, low IQ, look at that face.....
If the allegations are this easily disproven, then why did Jackson withdraw so quickly? Perhaps he knew that there’s much more to be uncovered. Anyone who would go on TV and stake his reputation on the OBVIOUS LIE that Trump is 239 lbs. I mean really. He deserves disgrace! #Unfit
Mueller is on you like stink on shit.

And four dots to begin here. What's with all the random dots?
‘Recognizing Powerful Interests Running the Joint, More Than 75% of Americans Back Campaign Finance Reform’

Time to say no to Dark Money.
‘Trump supporters share the most “junk” news, conspiracy theories: study’ 

Propaganda helps them stay in comfortable denial.
‘African Americans are more than three times more likely to be arrested for pot possession than whites’ despite blacks and whites using at the same rate...

...so Seattle just moved to have 30 years of charges dismissed. Fantastic! 
‘Conservatives Will Never Get the Respect They Crave. They Don’t Deserve It’
‘There’s New Evidence Trump Obstructed Justice in the House Intelligence Committee’s Minority Report’ 

SCHIFF: That if the Director didn’t lift the cloud of the Russian investigation, that he would take action against you?

MCCABE: That’s correct’
‘The Other Reason Trump Hasn’t Fired Scott Pruitt: His Evangelical Christian Ties’

Time for Evangelicals to denounce Pruitt.

Trump is your President so if you’re proud of your country you’re proud of him!!
He...didnt...win....ruskie
You do realize most of the world knows what it means when YOU call someone a great human being, right? 

Hint: great people among the NAZIS in Charlottesville. 

Like I said before. It’s like everything that’s wrong with our species was shoved into one overweight being. YOU.
Sharon, your hatred is showing.
Tester is an embarrassment Mr. President. We will send Matt Rosendale @MattForMontana to replace him. Tester is a puppet of the Dems and doesn't represent us.  #ResignTester #mtpol #mtsen
Trump the Puppet of Putin.
Russia still? Next thing you'll type is racist or bigot.
I guess people get hurt when others lie. 
Every puppeteer has their expectations for their puppets. 

This puppet has all the globalist and hedge fund managers he can handle.

Always follow the money. 

Always.

#MAGA
Pay back for all those nasty comments you made. Reporter with disabilities, military family and so on. Sorry but this is the behavior YOU enable and condone.
Here's an idea, stop trying to give your unqualified buddies jobs
Here’s another idea.    You go to Hilary’s twitter band shut up on this one.   We don’t want you here
Awwww white women, voting against their own best interests.
This is the US, not some tin pot dictatorship. You have no business calling for the resignation of a Senator who is only doing his job. If you had better judgement, you wouldn't have nominated Jackson in the first place, & he woudn't have been so heavily scrutinized.
Thank you. @jontester does care about our veterans unlike trump. 
Stop! I’m trying to drink my coffee and can’t help but laugh at the pathetic liberal comments. Haha Trump is still your President and guess what, when you wake up tomorrow he will still be your President. #GrounhogDayEveryDay   #MAGA #KAG
Lol seems as though I struck a nerve #Libtards
Birds of a feather, #Spanky.
Lol
Neuman!
Now Sen. John Tester  must IMMEDIATELY resign TODAY.  If he continues to refuse, Montana, IMPEACH him & Vote him out.
ILLEGITIMATE POTUS
YOU failed to vet him properly.  YOU put him in harms way (politically speaking).  Now YOU need to take the blame ...... but CHILD that u r u WONT
Anyone else wonder why Senator Jon Tester's personal wealth shot through the roof just before he co-sponsored the Keystone Pipeline bill???? Hmmm. Suspicious. Follow the $$ #QAnon
There would be nothing I would love more than to find the dirt on this POS. Let him see what its like to have your reputation destroyed!
This man was good enough to be the private doctor for three presidents but the left would rather destroy him than let you select him to help all veterans! The depth the left will stoop to still surprises me!
Stop defending people that do wrong! We didn't ruin Jackson's reputation. He did that to himself.
Don't pretend like you know the people of Montana you phony pos
Stick with your New York values & stay away from the heartland
You might have sold enough of them a bill of goods, but you are nothing like  us.
I'm sorry, but if it took you almost ten minutes to type the second part of your thought, I'm not going to take you seriously.

Hateful, derisive dems are dividing the country. The establishment #theswap tough to drain.
Please resign tonight. Thanks!
Get over it criminal
Liberalism is a mental disorder
...created by the predominantly, racist and psychotic ring-wing predators.  I was once a Republican for over 20 years and had to leave that party once they demonstrated their true goals.
Nixon also created many non-voters, Independents and new dems.
As usual, POUTUS is trying to shoot the messenger to make the truth go away.
Senator Tester didn't make the accusations against Rear Adm Jackson; 23 current and former servicemen and women did.
.@SenatorTester on accusations against Dr. Ronny Jackson: “These aren’t my accusations, these are accusations that have come from active and retired military personnel” #MTPDaily
No it’s not fair! The democrats and the fbi will destroy anybody to create the result that they want! The swamp runs deep!
Sounds like the guy is a drunk without the experience needed to manage the very important VA that serves brave veterans. So many hurting veterans dealing with devastating combat related mental illness deserve better.
The great people of Montana know that you don’t have a clue. We actually value people here. We tell the truth.
He should have vetted him a bit better. All on Trump but he takes no responsibility what’s new.
Like you give a flip for "fair" in the way you treat people who don't agree with you.  Give a rest.
Ever here of the Tokyo rose?
Ever HEAR of a dictionary?
Yep got one


You may be embarrassed when you have a wet dream, but it's totally normal..
You don’t weigh 239 pounds

We shall see who ends up locked up!!
Accusations true or not. Jackson isn't Qualified to run the Veterans administration's. The Veteran's administration run the second largest agency in the Government. Our Veterans deserve the best care. Tester was serving his Country and that's what the Great people of Montana sent
Great people ! Where
It's there in Black and white.
I've got a great solution: You resign. You are a cancer on the Presidency.
Dividing the country ? I think that’s the democrats and their dependent followers . He is trying to make things better for the working class ! Wake up !
Great doctor who practices medicine under the influence. Why is it everything is slander or fake unless it comes from you?
Defamation of character
Need to to bring down the root which is George Soros, son of holocaust leader who owns medias; ABS, MSNBC,NBC, CBS, CNN.
Maybe Tester needs 2 B tested.
Does he have something to hide?
#NotFairTester
#DemocraticDiversion
#TarmacMeeting
#UraniumOne
#AwanSpiesInGovernment
#ISISTrainingCampsInAmerica
#ReleaseTheTexts[Unredacted]
#WeinerLaptop
#ReleaseTheVideo
#ClintonFoundation
#AmericaForSale
#QAnon
?  Lies are starting to to backfire on you.  Try the truth for once.


I can’t believe you tweet like a high schooler.

You are so pathetic. And transparent but not in a good way. 
Oh STFU Donald. There aren’t enough words to describe how moronic you are.
Donnie Douche Bag you lie everyday why don't you resign? The great people of America don't respect you!
Tester should resign, right after low hanging fruit Gorsich quits for being confirmed by low votes after stealing the spot. Fair trade.
The ignorance from Trump haters is stunning. I would have a little more respect  if they were honest and admitted they don't believe in capitalism or our constitution.
You should keep him as your doctor and give him a promotion.
So Donnie, if you’re happy with dr Jackson, keep him. If you’re not concerned that he might be drunk or passed out when you have a heart attack or stroke, good luck to you. Hope you’re really 239 lbs.
You are unfit to be president.
Time to boot him out of office!
If you believe he is an honorable man why didn’t you stand up and fight for him. You encourage him to resign you gave him a way out. He should have gone thru the nomination proceedings and protected his reputation.
Isn’t it the elected officials duty to look into and question anything that would hinder an appointed officials ability to properly use American’s tax dollars? If they aren’t true, why are you mad instead of happy?
Not fair?  Awwww.  Buck up, crazypants.  It's only going to get worse for you.
Riiight Spanky. 
All those servicemen and women had nothing better to do than slander the guy who told us you weigh 239 lbs.
Can't be losing the White House drug supplier now, can we? Plus he says you're only 239.
With all do respect, I hope you find out who/what /where these smear talking points came from and do something! You allow holdovers in the other abc's to remain in control. The reach is far and wide and folks like Tester and Isackson hold thier water.  #qanon
has anybody thought about how many apps are probably on trumps phone? since he’s president they take functions away from your phone, so probably only twitter and an app for nuking North Korea. the nuke app has a big red button when you open it.


Then why did you pull his nomination? Put him back up and let all the facts come out. But you won’t, coward.
....great people of the USA will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Mueller is the kind of man that those in the USA would most respect and admire, and now, for no reason whatsoever, his reputation has been shattered. Not fair, #Trump!
Trump, the least fair of all Americans. And a lying racist to boot!
Says the man who constantly makes up lies about others.
Oh just shut up!
I agree.  People that hold public office that lie and slander should resign.  
When can we expect your resignation?
Totally agree with you. The people of the great state of Montana are smart. They voted for you, they have to be smart. We love you.
Suddenly I like @SenatorTester
Slander? How about you pushing that ridiculous nonsense that Obama was born in Kenya? That’s just one example of all the lies you tell on a daily basis; if you hold yourself to the same standard as what you insist for Tester, your resignation is due.
Admiral Ronny Jackson stood before the country and said trump weighed 239 lbs.  That one lie alone disqualified him to head the Veterans Administration!
Coming from the guy who made up was it 56 conspiracy theories about Obama?  He took way more than you, he just didn't whine about it every day.  He actually had Republicans who made a pact not to do anything even if it was good to make him fail.
#Traitor!
They stand for all your slander. Tester has a hell of a long way to go to catch up with your slanders

When allegations are made there is  50 % chance they are true. We knew this doctor to be a liar when he said if Yrump would exercise he could live to 200.
Hmmm. I call BS.
No, they won't! This unethical politician must get kicked out of congress one way or another.. impeachment?

How about you fix Flint while you're in Michigan giving yet another demented rant because they no longer qualify as speeches
To bad they won’t speak that way about you....words like, cheater, wack-a-doodle, dotard, racist, sexist....and a few others come to mind
What a disgrace to do  shame on all who assisted it causing harm to this man and his family.
The great people of Montana know that every time you move your lips you're telling a tall fishing story....
Jon tester must resign. We don’t need a liar in the senate.
You idiot! Nearly two dozen military officers made the allegations against Jackson - a man clearly unqualified to lead any federal agency much less the VA. Your failure to vet Jackson is your own fault!
And Tester is already trying to play the people of Montana with his responses. DONT LISTEN TO THE LIES MONTANA. HE IS PLAYING YOU!!!
Life's not fair, Donnie.  I'm sure you've said that to the many, many people whom you've screwed over in the past.
What on earth would you know about respect or honesty? It takes intelligence and class and personality but you display none of those things.  You are so blatantly offended by truth. 
 #hypocrite #dishonest #fake #sexistlyinghypocriticalbigot
No it's nothing but character assassination! Please Montana..let Tester know how it feels to be treated this way! Vote him out!
One word, "Birther"
IT'S YOUR FAULT, YOU IDIOT. Everyone could see he didn't have the credentials to run the 2nd largest agency in the US. He should have NEVER been in the running. Sticking a thermometer in one of your orifices and proclaiming your genes superb doesn't a VA chief make.
Too bad. So sad. You must hate it there surrounded by people who hate you & lie to you all the time. You are the single most picked upon person in the world, poor you. I really don't know how you deal with it. I'm gonna go cry for you now. Okay? 
If you actually cared about Dr Jackson you would've had Jim properly vetted before subjecting him to the glare of the confirmation process.  You should've done your due diligence and known he was not qualified to run the VA only  2nd largest administration in Gov. It's on you!
GIVE ME A BREAK. YOU SET THE ADMIRAL UP FOR FAILURE AND MADE IT HAPPEN. YOU ARE AN AWFUL MAN.
Donny, stop ranting on Twitter focus on ur own mess. @MichaelCohen212 is going to turn u in - and u thought Mueller and ur political espionage with Russia is your problem. @MichaelAvenatti thank you for your services to our country. When do u think Donny will resign?
Time to retire this Dimm tub of  crap for a real representative of Montana @SenatorTester
American People won’t stand for the VA being headed by a guy who is not a stellar administrator!  Or one that was not vetted properly by a lazy White House. Thank GOD Tester got the inside scoop. You & Your Team are LAZY! Vets deserve the BEST!
But it's perfectly fine for you to slander great American heros like John McCain..
You know, you’re not helping him ...
VOTE! REPUBLICAN
Hey, Duh..nold,
What about the allegation Tester walked from a manslaughter charge, was  DUI in a boating accident in 2009? Projection and sick. @realDonaldTrump please don't let this go. #ReleaseTheTextsUnredacted
Montana voter here and Republican. I support Tester regardless of his party affiliation because he has represented Montanans, not politics.
Tell you what Trump if you weigh yourself on TV so we can all see how honest your doctor is then I will make up my mind at that time. My bet is that he lied about how much you weigh and your height.
Car crash or no car crash — he’s a creep and a liar. For once, I’m not talking about you @realDonaldTrump but it’s clear what the two of you have in common. So now address the other allegations against unqualified-to-wear-a-uniform Ronny Jackson.
The great people of the United States will not stand much longer the disgrace of having you as our president.
How about President Obama doing little to clean up the city of flint MI's "lead poisoning", of all those children, is that murder? He was more concern with giving Iran $1.7 billion. He was a do nothing president!
The Democrats are protecting criminal illegals over the safety of American citizen in sanctuary cities. The Democrats are dangerous.
If the Democrats cared about the DACA, a deal would have been done already. The Democrats are only trying to extremely obstruct. Wake up illegals the Democrats are just using you just like the inner cities residents.
I am sick of the Democratic corruption and the Democratic cover ups, and the Democratic falsely accusing. This party is out of control and corrupt.
It is a simple negotiation, funding for the "Wall" for DACA. The Democrats should have jumped on this. The Democrats only want to extremely obstruct our government and try to make our president fail.
The Democrats are using DACAs as a pawn in their political agenda. Their could care less about DACA. If the Democrats did care a deal would have been done. President Trump is more than willing to make a deal.

I call on Trump to resign!
Will you resign due to your inappropriate behavior?  Slander against many?  Your continued attempts to tarnish others and their reputations because they don’t agree with you?  Before you demand others to be accountable, you should hold yourself accountable.
You mean like Hillary Clinton’s, bill Clinton, and barrack Obama? Double standard much?
Dictator Donny is the King of slander. Republicans are the most ethically bankrupt people on the planet along with the Christians!
And why is everyone assuming that those coming out against him are all democrats?
Why were these alligations not brought forth when it was announced this Admiral was the Presidents Doctor hummmmmm if people had a fit to pitch, wouldn't then have been the time?
IamYUBa Donald Trump I must say one of your aides at the White House did you justice by writing for you this is the best and the most sense I ever heard you make that was not racist thank you.
What's not fair is that I am still waiting for your criminals to uphold the United States Constitution and charge those involved with Entrapment and malicious prosecution. My life will be made right
Well you didn't back him up. So maybe you believed it too.
He and you are so FULL IF RUSSIAN SHIT!!!
If Tester should resign over so called false allegations--then you should resign for all your lying about Russia and everything else.
Listen to the tweeter fairy.
If he’s made you this mad he must be doing something right.  Btw-you didn’t win Montana-Hillary lost.  BIG DIFFERENCE.   Only thing slanderous is YOU tRUMP
Tester used the Harry Reid lying approach to take out Dr Jackson for VA directir. Democrats don’t care about vets or this country!
It wasn't slander, it's what employees have said about Dr. Jackson. It's called TRUTH
Slander Much!
Florida is not doing we'll. Everything is going out of business. The prices are so high and the wages are so low no one afford shoes and clothes. And now I'm diabetic? I need a beer but I might go into a diabetic coma
Montana veterans disagree with you.
POTUS Kinda like you slandered Obama for years saying that he wasn't born in the United States? Obama was a great American born human being that most in this country respected and admired! But Trump just had to make up lies about him for his own twisted pleasure! Not fair!
Right. He stepped down because they are lies...
It’s the truth Pinocchio
Sand with Tester and dump trump
You set the man up for that failure!
I'm one of the good people of Montana. And I stand with Jon Tester and our good Veterans. The Vets have suffered enough without having another corrupt, morally bankrupt, incompetent Trump pick to further ruin the V.A. #JonTester
No punitive measures against slanderous deeds? I need an answer Mr president
IF Jackson is as innocent as you say, why not re-nominate him and let him have his day before the nomination committee?  Put your appointments where your mouth is
F off @FoxNews F off @foxandfriends
Blame blame blame, take responsibility for your actions and deport all Trumptards to an island and let Kim have target practice.
Yikes! You demented soul! Oh wait you probably have a soul! My Bad! 
#JamesShawJr
Do you realize you’re talking about yourself?  You are a proven liar.  You just say things to start as much shit as you can.  Who recently denied knowing anything about the Stormy payment then on pajama-gate this week you admitted you did.  That’s called lying!  You’re the LIAR.
Keep backing those Republicans. An endorsement from you is like the kiss of death.  Just ask Connor Lamb or Doug Jones. 
Bye bye Candy Man !
If they voted for you they will stand with slander you're the king of slander!
TWO HUNDRED EIGHTY NINE TON OF LIES FROM YOUR EVIL
Oh, you mean The Candy Man?
Liar
Trump's giving lectures on ethics and truth? As stated you do not go after Putin-just UN_American
He lied about your weight so you were not defined as Obese.

So he has no integrity.....will fit right in, in your administration

#MAGA = my attorney got arrested
How many people have you slimed and defamed daily using your Twitter account since you cheated your way into the Presidency, Herr Twitler?

http://Pot.Kettle.Black .
Another Trump tantrum. If you were a child acting this way you would deserve to be spanked. Oh wait.....Stormy said you liked that sort of thing.
All I can say. Just like it is said in the bible. Let the first person without sin let them throw the first stone. Really everyone needs to move on I am sure the damages are done.
The people of Montana are smarter than that. What's not fair is watching you destroy our environment and our democracy.
Why no tweets about a true American heto, James Shaw?
Not slander when true.
Bad Reputation has been matched to this tweet by a deep learning model
Mr trump you won’t just limit 6 billion dollars in the opioid epidemic, you will bump it to 250 billion if you really suffer as I do “every day” even if it was just for 1 week. Especially if you are denied pain medication like you are trying to push your beliefs on others!
Good, I'm glad Jackson is gone
Can Jon Tester be held to account some how?  Thank you Mr. President for exposing malicious liars like Jon Tester.
Don’t worry you will lose this seat also
Been proven that Mr. Jackson has a temper thus causing a work place that is difficult to work in. Mr.Jackson drinks on the job. Probably is an alcoholic. To top it off he abuses medications and to think Trump thinks he is a good person. Trump is a horrible judge of character.
N
