The dossier claims:
Page meeting Russians (true)
Kremlin targeted swing states (true)
Cohen was in Prague (true)
Trump team meetings (true
Rosneft meetings (true)

Day #461 of the hostage situation. Evil Captor makes a proclamation! His Acolytes and Minions, lead by his high-ranking Toady Devin, have thoroughly and painstakingly investigated any and all issues in a truly bipartisan manner holding many hours of hearings (like Benghazi)
And interviewing any and all witnesses and examining all evidence have concluded that HE the Evil One is as pure and clean as the Virgin Mary! He has been wronged and there will be hell to pay! (insert hostage eye roll here!)
@jamesalandarby
Gotta love the way he thinks putting a couple of choice words in all caps will make us believe it.  Wake up Donny boy, we're not the rubes that voted for you.
No. You are the intellectually dishonest that pursue a lie as the truth. Because the election did not turn out as you hoped then you will try and destroy America and her duly elected President through lies, deceit and false incrimination.
Or DevilDog is A DevilBot.
Every time someone makes an intelligent point to a liberal they cry bot because they can't argue what he/she says with anything that resembles intelligence. If it's not calling someone a bot it's name calling.

Echo echo echo
Too bad (for you) the House committee isn't the final authority on the matter. We've already seen photographic and financial evidence of collusion. There were stories planted about "her emails" (proven false), hacking (proven true), money (proven true), and pee pee tapes (haha!).
What a waste of our tax $s. 
You tweeted this before and spelled it "Special Councel" and had to delete it!
It is a disgrace the president of the US cannot spell.
In his defense, he can't think.
Even when you spell right, it’s nonsense.
Of course not, your a smart man.  Keep up the good work.
You mean the committee that is run by Republicans?  What a huge shock.  I think I'll wait for Mueller's version.
They will never give up - but neither will we.
I don’t believe you. Please stop humiliating yourself, you sad, sad little clown.





Why do you hate black people?

https://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/trumps-long-history-of-racism-w497876 …
As Floyd Merrierather said...before Trump ran for President, everybody, including African Americans, loved him.... but when he announced running as a Republican, he became a racist. Funny how that works! Read..learn...understand the truth!

You already bored us earlier with a similar tweet. Go away!
Listen, we are all losing patience with these Moronic tweets. Your so called intelligence committee has no authority... And only HALF agree that there is no there, there. Let Mueller finish before you strut innocence buddy. Enough. Shut up about it already.
3D chess. Best show on earth! Us aspie anons are loving this POTUS. We are with you. God bless the little children.
You make no sense. And you’re defending him. Oh - I guess that makes sense.
Makes perfect sense, you are out of the loop
Since you spelled Counsel right this time, I guess you read at least some of the feedback.
There was totally collusion
Yes there was... between the Clintons and the Russians.
How many witches have plead guilty so far? 5. And 19 indictments.

The big hoax is the republican house intel report.They were covering up for trump and all should be voted out of office in the mid-terms.
yeah keep saying no collusion. you are accomplishing one thing; you are convincing that core 26% believe it also. but they are smart people, they will see through you soon
No there shouldn't have been?

Stormy loves you
Oh my God please go to sleep. Stop 
SPELL CHECK! Please use it before you hit post!
https://youtu.be/EZYW5_DU1zQ  
It is collusion going on Campaign
Ummmmmmmmm...
Sessions should close it down
Why do I find it to be so satisfying to look through the negative responses to @realDonaldTrump and block the haters and losers? Because its a whole lot cleaner to view his tweets the next time around. Smile 


This is so perfect.
Seriously. The fact that this is the top priority in the WH tonight is disgusting and embarassing.
He’s all sitting in front of the TV going red in the face while stuffing ten cheeseburgers in his orange sphincter. The man is insane
He is a nutjob. Everytime he calls Comey one it's pure projection.
That’s very true. Sick of his shit already. Especially after today, with his comments about the Paralympics. Like, haha so funny omg, they are handicapped. 
I was pissed after he said it was hard to watch. Hard to watch is any moment the president or vice president is on television.


Unfortunately Trump didn't mention this hero because it doesnt fit his 'good guy with a gun' narrative that he is shilling for the NRA.
If that were true why was Trump silent about the Sutherland Springs Hero?? You're delusional
14 fallowers lmao
Cause citing followers numbers is a valid argument lol
You learned to spell "Counsel," I see. That deserves a third piece of beautiful chocolate cake.
Um, here was the original. No cake for you! :-)
Hah! Best Councel in the United Shtates. *MAGA, KAG!!*
I don't believe @DevinNunes because it is obvious that he sold his soul. And so did others from the @HouseIntelComm. And I definitely don't believe you.  I will wait to hear it from Mueller, a true patriot. He just wants the truth. @HouseJudiciary @DeptofDefense
Sold his soul? You are quite the little drama queen..
The lady doth protest too much, methinks.
You keep telling yourself that little donnie
You had to delete this and tweet it again because you're illiterate.
You’re an anti American

I do both
Judging by your bio you don't like 
#MAGA
Wrong all can see you support racism, lies, conspiracy theories and hate smh
It makes you triggered
Thank you for all you have done Mr. President, you have already exceeded expectations! (Despite the ugly low informed of this nation.) I’m continually praying for you and yours sir. I have a new slogan.. The results Guy! 
Hahahahaha
You say it so often, obvious you colluded. Innocent people don't care if they're investigated. Senate Intelligence Committee still on. You can fire Mueller & there are 17 prosecutors to replace him. Why so many guilty pleas already? That Russian lawyer Don met w/ was a informant!

Republicans skated through the investigation and didn't even interview the main characters involved. I cannot wait until you are impeached.  you are such an embarrassment to this country.
Yes we all knew this is a Big Hoax. Now we need the Democrats to start paying us back for Mullner.
No, it's time for the Republicans to pay us back for Mara largo and the rest of his self enrichment  activities!
Well I guess our President Trump could have used camp David. Than you would have still complained.
The only reason people are complaining is because we pay fortunes for this orange buffoon to take golf trips! Obama played 333 in 8 years this man has 111 in his first year! So tell me again how he’s doing so much good?


Who said he wasn't?!  and it doesn't mean I have to support him.
Teddy was a great American and President..I'm sure he would be disgusted with the treatment of our POTUS despite his short comings..
Just like Obama was treated

You already posted that lmao try something new 
That just says it all...
Proof of obstruction of justice number 10,265.
So your accompluces didn't see you commit any crimes? Got it!
19 indictments and 5 guilty pleas says otherwise - Nice try though
And your mom said you're the best looking boy in your class... 
Yeah, we get it.... 
It doesn't matter if it's true, just as long as you like what it says.
Stop calling it collusion. The word is treason. It is one of many charges you should be very worried about.
Biased report and you know it. Mueller already has evidence of collusion and obstruction of justice on YOU. So who cares what the Republicans say...Biased reporting and lies per usual from the Republicans.
Impeach
#HRC4PRISON
.@realDonaldTrump 

Sir,

We will wait for the final report from the Special Counsel to learn his findings.

It will be the Special Counsel who will let us all know if evidence of conspiracy (collusion) and/or attempts of obstruction of justice was found or not.

Did you tweet this from the plane on the way to the golf course?


And this concludes your daily no collusion rant
All run by fucking republicans. ... we all know they lie and they are protecting you for some unknown reason.  If I were them , I'd throw you under the bus in a heartbeat.  We need a change . Resign now and take liar , racist pence with you
FINALLY now do you think they will leave you to get on with your job? I doubt it? the more they try THE STRONGER YOU GET 
House intel wasn't looking for collusion and you know it. I can officially say there was NO VODKA in the cabinet that I just walked by b/c I didn't see it, b/c I didn't look. Hmmm, maybe I should open the cabinet, what do you know? VODKA!
This is not surprising. I, also, rarely find things that I'm not actually looking for.
I listened to you in an interview today and I swear you sounded just like the  Dementia patients that I deal with. You should get yourself checked out. It shouldn't go untreated.

I hate to repeat myself but...
MAGA- My Attorney Got Arrested. Ruminate on that. Also, look up ruminate.
That's not what the Russian female Lawyer that met with your Sissified Son Donny Jr is saying.. Cohen going to Flip too


You can say “no collusion!” a million times, doesn’t change the fact that it isn’t collusion, it’s CONSPIRACY AGAINST THE UNITED STATES!
Tweeting IN CAPS doesn't make it not true. #trumpcolluded
He capitalized the word hoax lol.

And dems are shaking in their ballerina 
why? You're deluded if you really believe that.
Tell us again why Jr said he took that meeting with all those Russians? Come on tell us don't be shy. You talk about everything else tell us why Jr met with Russians
Hey was there collusion? Just checking.
On June 6, 2016, just 3 days before the Trump Tower meeting Don Jr. made 3 calls. The first & third were to Emin Agalarov, who set the meeting up.  The middle call was to a 'blocked number'.  

The GOP refused to subpoena records to see if this call was to Trump

But Mueller will
All evidence to the contrary. Charges have been filed, there have even been guilty pleas. And Mueller is just getting warmed up!! #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
Also, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion, collusion.
Right, maybe no collusion but rather a Conspiracy which is a serious crime.
Who was the blocked number the House GOP syncophants refused to peruse while your treasonous son @DonaldJTrumpJr , @PaulManafort and othe senior members of your campaign met with at Trump Tower?

HUH?
YOU will have plenty of time to write a book about the great witch hunt WHILE YOU ARE SITTING IN PRISON FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE!!
While to most it is a cup of coffee or a shower that signals the start of their day, it is the daily “NO COLLUSION” tweet that I look forward to to begin my day

Collusion isn’t a crime, but obstruction of justice is. Plus, you’re just a shitty human being.
What 'Witch Hunt' REALLY means...
I don't know how much dimensional-hopping you've done today, but I think you are in the wrong reality.  Might want to recheck those coordinates.
I know you say there's no collusion.  Please tell me something Mr. Pesident one of your first acts as president to was to invite 2 Russian officials into the oval office accompanied only by their press.
God you're stupid.
...and ignorant.
Reps in house intelligence ignored witnesses, blocked requests etc.  What a show. Partisan tactics just to cover up while you talk about „there is nothing“.  Happy to live in a law and order country of Switzerland. Our checks and balances are working.
Simple, on-point questions: If it's a "big hoax," where are all the indictments and guilty pleas coming from? Why did so many of your people LIE about Russian contacts if those contacts were innocent? Why don't you ENCOURAGE investigations that would prove it all a "big hoax"?
Your first act as POTUS was to invite your handler Kisliak to the Oval Office? You barred all Americans & MSM from the meeting. You leaked highly classified info to them, endangering the life of the informant. Then you gave proof of obstruction by bragging about firing Comey.
*counsel #spellcheckablessingandacurse
NEWS FLASH DONNIE it was the REPUBLICANS that appointed the Special Counsel! Ok maybe no COLLUSION but there was definitely OBSTRUCTION!
Shhhh....... we know Donald, we know.... Life is so unfair....
It’s sad how badly the GOP members of the House Intelligence Committee have tarnished the reputation of that committee. They chose party over country, & it is my sincere hope that they pay for that mistake by losing their seats. It won’t undo the damage, but still.
ShitgibbonTrump
My Supporters Intelligence Committee rules that 1 out of 3 of my supporters... are just as dumb as the other 2. There was COLLUSION between trump campaign & russia. I have been lying all along. I am a big Hoax. I should never have been allowed in White House. I'm a Bit€h €unt!

(THREAD) TWENTY TIMES TRUMP COLLUDED WITH THE RUSSIANS

PLEASE RETWEET THIS LIST so that we can stop…
The lies you tell. The truth will prevail very soon.


Ok, so you are constantly saying there was no collusion. Is it because that’s a half truth? You conspired with Russians with Full knowledge of it. So that’s just TREASON , not collusion. I get it now. Traitor.
It is collusion
Agreed!!!  Now lets put a special counsel on #fanniegate , the Obama theft of @fanniemae and @FreddieMac !!!!   @stevenmnuchin1
Anyone that actually believes that garbage is a traitor to this country. Nunes did not even try to investigate, he was part of the Trump campaign and is in neck deep. They're all going to jail.
let's be clear..the only1that can "declare" no collusion is MUELLER-Nunez & the rest of the "our gang" disciples, don't get to "clear" you & end the M-U-E-L-L-E-R  P-R-O-B-E..this tweet is your feeble attempt at extinguishing the blaze of a yuge bonfire ...with a squirt gun-sorry
Why are you still talking about this? I get it,  you're delusional.
Yep! A WHICH HUNT!

Which Russians did you conspire with?

Which Russians will turn you in?

Which of your Trump Towers contains the most Oligarchs?

Which Russians do you launder money for?

Which Tax Fraud/Campaign Laws have you violated?

Which PRISON will YOU be in?!
Seriously? The aforementioned ^ witch has been located.  The hunt has been called off. Actually he was really easy to find. His tweets and appearances on FOX state TV admitting his guilt has been a godsend. Kinda hard to hunt a witch when he's right out there digging his grave.
Time for you to drag these traitors done to Club Gitmo and to start the military tribunals #MAGA #Qanon
You can protest all you want #Dotard, it doesn't change the fact that you are a traitor to the United States, and the count down is on until you are no longer able to wreck havoc.
The True TrumpPence Knew That! Now We Want Our Tax Dollars Back for This Fraudulent Act!
Fake news.
Democrats are Evil Liars 
They're very hateful and bitter as well!!
Maybe it’s because they didn’t get a participation trophy
You know your doing a great job when so many Dems are complaining. They all take bribes & kickbacks to in rich their pockets. Asking for money for projects but never gets to the country or ppl.  Sending millions of $$ to aid , never got there where is it?
No sir what I think they meant to say was there is NO ILLUSION of NO COLLUSION.
The House Intelligence Committee is headed by another traitor to the country who was part of your campaign @DevinNunes. Of course he is going to say no Collusion as he is protecting his butt and your fat butt. So let’s talk TREASON and OBSTRUCTION! It’s time for you to go!
But was there a conspiracy.  I don't really give a damn about collusion since that's not a crime.  But I do care about conspiracy.  LOL.
We could have built 4 walls with all the money the Dem have embezzled, u ppl r lyres and so scared Trump is going to expose ur crimes!!  Time to take The Dems down they r killing innocent ppl to cover crimes. Expose schools shooting no dead kids at Sandy I heard, is it true?
The House Intelligence committee 
You should be thanking #Mueller for helping you #DrainTheSwamp!  He got #Flynn #papadopoulos #Page #Manafort (under indictment), NY got #Cohen!  So many, I can't keep track of them all!

Here is should be investigated.  And it needs to be done NOW!
(SIC) Here is WHO should be investigated.

consider the source... Yes there was and still is and you're ass WILL go to prison for your crimes all of you will
If you ever find a real lawyer you should have them explain it to you! #TrumpColluded
All this back and forth. Nastiness to each other, who's right, who's wrong. Collusion is NOT illegal. No charges could've been brought up on him for collusion.
How is collusion not a crime? Especially when it’s to over through our own government! If you think this “man” hasn’t colluded with Russia, Wikileaks, and Cohen your dumb and don’t watch anything but Fox News!
Look it up. Collusion, in itself, is not a crime. Has nothing to do with FOX news. They don't make the laws.
@RobotRussian what a big shame, I trusted in you hahahahaha
It’s my word against @realDonaldTrump ! I guess I have more credit! DEMONcrats have paid me well! 
Is that why Private Flynn (now, lol) and Mannafort along with “Jr” are going to jail. My advise is go back to your shady Moscow friends that played you like a fiddle. I heard you were born there anyhow? Comrade Trump your time in office is short...enjoy.

Donny, you are running out of content. Youve tweeted this about 25 times. Lets try to mix it up a little. Youre becoming predictable and by that, I mean boringgggg
Yes you and your campaign colluded. Lots of collusion!!
House Intelligence Committee did NOT interview 
Flynn
Manafort
Gates
Papadopoulos

And did not get answers from 
Bannon
Lewandowski
Hicks

So, not really a strong case for a "full" investigation.

The House intel committee's Minority report reveals that an NRA official served as a conduit between the Trump campaign & Russia — but Republicans refused to investigate it.…
Surround yourself with people to hold you accountable. This is a non story.
It is hard to pick one:

1. The Trump Tower meeting between top campaign staff and a Russian agent

2. The Trump foreign policy adviser who was tipped off the stolen emails by a Russian cutout

3. The longtime political adviser who appeared to have advance knowledge of the hacks
Donnie, if you are truly innocent, why do you spend every morning tweeting the endless "no collusion/witch hunt' lines?  Why waste time that you could spend golfing, diddling porn stars, or snorting rat poison?
Just keep wishing. But it's not going to work.
House intelligence committee is a big hoax
You have your opinion, the rest of the world has another. So it's you against the world. Who will win?
Stop lying to yourself and others. We know you and putin have colluded and when Mueller proves it. Lock you up!!!!
Russia will be the end of the trump train 
