How about focusing on the one and only campaign promise of yours that I agreed with and work on our infrastructure. We're crumbling quick. Our military was fine. While I agree they needed some money, they didn't need nearly what they got. That money would've been better spent...

You can thank your Saudi friends for jacking up the price. Thanks to you our tax rebate will go towards higher gas.
Your decisions are right be confident w this l know the prices will come dwn lower than we have had for a long time
Let's bomb some more empty building in the Mid East. Maybe that will help.
Cheap GAS PLEASE!!!!!!!
Nice try, dotard
Omg just liked one of your tweets and I meant it! Please stick to your insane ramblings. Agreeing with you scares me
Looks like Trump is at it again...being completely deranged.
It’s because of you.
Oh sweet baby Jesus you're terrible at this.
At what?
Here's a question... ...why capitalize "Oil"?
Twice.
Here's another question, why capitalize "Very High"?
What does "Oil all over the place" even mean?
When he says, "not be accepted" - what  power does he have to stop it?Is the United States a member of OPEC? (The answer is no.)
He doesn't seem to understand anything about it, so why is he tweeting about it?
You don't seem to notice that he doesn't understand anything about it, so why are you defending it?

Come to think of it, you're terrible at this too.
Um. No. They didn't.

Unlike Trump supporters the rest of us can read.
Enjoy the cheap "Oil" prices in your fantasy land.
Is there anything you don't lie about?
Thank you. Prices are steadily rising.

EVERYTHING has gone up in price with Trump as president.
GAS
GROCERIES
RENT
He is the WORST president in history and we ALL suffer with his lack of economic policies for the middle and lower classes.
It may seem like that to you because welfare has been lowered. But for those that work we realize there is higher pay and a greater economy. Facts
I'm not on welfare "Mr" Strange Twitter Member since 3013 with only 23 tweets total. What kind of compensation do you get at the Troll Farm?
Very suspicious.
Gotta hurry with your Twitter rant...can't miss that golf game.

#DoYouEvenKnowWhatWorkIs
Very proud of you @POTUS.  Rock on! #MAGA
Great work Mr President

On you l& you’re lousy leadership
When are you going to hold Israel & The CIA responsible for the 911 terrorist attacks & several others. The evidence is on Google & Youtube, the Mainstream Media is covering it up. What good are you if you're not going to hold the Mainstream Media accountable. Please do your JOB
I bet Texas likes high oil prices. Alaska too.

Was this a Fox News bit this AM?
Jio mere laal... It means long live Trump... Lesser crude bills is good for developing nation like India... #CrudeOil #longlivetrump
We Africans are being milked dry by this cartels like organization called OPEC! Please step in and assist us. We shall forever be grateful to you.
Algeria, Angola, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Libya, Nigeria... who do you think OPEC is?
I really need these gas prices to go down!!
"Says Who"...

So.....Trump allegedly told Comey (twice) that he didn't spend an overnight in Moscow while there for Miss Universe in 2013. But there are photos of him there on 11/8 and 11/9. Then on the night of 11/10, he tweeted "just got back from Russia." (analysis from me and @stark_talk)
While your big oil donors pay you to stomp on any alternatives and cut gas mileage requirements.
You're predictably hypocritical.
As a republican President, it’s not your job to “fix” prices, and it’s irresponsible to comment on them.  Be a true conservative leader and iet the market correct itself, without government interference.
do attack on all oil wells and pumps n enjoy the party
That's why we need to continue moving away from fossil fuels and toward renewable energy sources, but the federal govt. Needs to help our country move in that direction
Why capitalize random words? Are you old and stupid?
Russian hookers and urine. Just come clean Don it will all be better after.
So what are you going to do about it?

“President [Obama] has put in place an organization that contains the kind of database that no one has EVER SEEN BEFORE IN LIFE! That’s going to be VERY, VERY POWERFUL!…
#MAGA
FACT: Oil prices under Republicans are very high, under Dem (Obama) low. Why? SPECIAL INTEREST.

£5.35 ($7.37) a gallon for unleaded in the UK. You think you lot have it bad?
its $1.60 a liter in Vancouver Canada
Just playing to his base. He wants the price to remain up.
And you know this How .....? I am part of his BASE and I don't feel played too !!!
His post has a clear "America first" feel to it, which is most certainly playing to his base.  You're telling me his "America first" attitude here does nothing for you?
Oil all over the place!
Just wait till he figures out that oil is essential for his spray tan & hairspray
Not to mention melanias lube
Your assuming he’s big enough to cause friction


Hydrogen hybridization of the US Navy vessels cuts the Total Cost of Ownership of those ships down significantly and is cheaper than the cost in 2011 CBO report discussing the nuclear fuel cost & ROI for the US Navy fleet. And it supports NATO.
Hydrogen requires  far to much  energy to burn
Lastly, the 2011 CBO report has Nuclear as outrageously expensive. You should read it. Not to mention the nuclear waste is worse than the burning of carbon based fossil fuels.
Indeed fukushima nuclear reactor is killing off the ocean life and warming up the water

Oh Russia  lot gasoline  and natural gas you mean  go for ???
Glad to hear you say that !!  MR PRESIDENT
Damn but you're an imbecile.

You claim to be a Wharton graduate (you're not) and "the best at business," yet you can't even grasp how real businesses operate. 

Economics 101: Supply and Demand. The more of something there is, the less it costs. 

Read a book, genius.
yes no dont agree
This is so 2016, Donald. Oil inventories have dropped since, as have floating storages.
Wait. Do it again.
He’s only just learned about OPEC this morning
looks like we should drill under Los Angeles instead
Thank you

It's refineries retooling for the summer, numbnuts.
TimFelix,Wow.What do you call phaseolus vulgaris when it smokes weed? Baked beans!Another Corniest Joke goes scientific on ya! (In order for the joke to be funny, phaseolus vulgaris is the scientific name for baked beans, made from Navy Beans. Ha-ha.) Well at least u know.
More lies
Bring in the Algae program do away with oil, Algae is much more efficient and great for our air quality...
I’ve never paid $3 a gallon my car standard 2005 nEver paid this much during Obama’s presidency. I got spoiled making Am great again
Mr President: OPEC is creating jobs for Americans in our oil producing states AND creating a fantastic opportunity for exporting crude oil(reducing the trade deficit). Their cartels’ moves are backfiring on them. If we tweet about it they’ll figure it out...sh
You don’t have to accept it, we are already paying the high price of gasoline and all you do is complain.
Mr. PRESIDENT, please handle it!
Hydrogen is the only fuel that can be either diluted to the burn rate of any fossil fuel or used to synthetically manufacture that fossil fuel via Fischer Tropsch. It can be pumped on the Nat gas grid & used to generate electricity. It is the turn-key solution to migrate off oil
I don’t know what a barrel cost today, but I believe right before 1990 a barrel was about $31  and we paid 1.25 per gallon.   If u notice after all the war years they never brought the price down at the pump once oil prices fell to pre war cost
Warmer weather is here Prices always go up because people take more trips! It's Joke & we are victims of Greed!
This is same old same old crap when is someone going to grow a pair and do something
go at it We are swimming in oil .It is being stored at sea and not at Cushing  . ban export and open SPR
Sounds like an incentive to put an end to the Oil industry. High prices means less consumption. Oil is no good and should no longer be accepted. Oil is artificially supported and has been stealing too much of our money and polluting the air, land and water for far too long.
Stick to your agenda. Make them work for you. You are the boss. You are the President of the United States. Mr,President Trump. TRUMP TRAIN infinity and beyond. Making America great again!!!
What the hell?!?!? Oil is in recovery, why bitch about it? Higher oil prices are needed to support drilling in frontier areas and ultra deep water.
I was wondering about that to
It's going up where I live at.
I hope you understand this attached.  I don't think you will.  But I thought you should have the opportunity.
lower gas prices we need not higher


We Support you
absolutely not. He’s the worst president ever.
So how about you stop tweeting, stfu and do something about it then!
Larry, I hope you know I love you and your videos, but I don't understand what you want him to do, go man the ships himself?
Uh, wat? This is simple supply and demand economics Donald. More oil = lower prices. Less oil = higher prices. Another great tweet from the stable genius!
It’s not all supply and demand. OPEC is a cartel
Yeah it is. So? They restrict supply, demand goes up. America floods market with it's own oil to gain market share driving price down. Supply & demand.
The American part is supply and demand, but the OPEC part isn’t. It’s also worth noting that there are various grades of oil like light sweet crude etc.
The Diamond market was dominated by a 'Cartel' called De Beers, but not deemed a monopoly because it was a US company. This is still an example of Supply & Demand. Extracting US Oil from the ground is a different example, restrained by the cost of doing so, not will like OPEC Oil
De Beers is actually British
It was. Point still stands.
@PressSec @WhiteHouse @Cabinet @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @GOP 
How much does it costs the #taxpayer to fly you and your staff back & forth to #MaraLago to play #Golf ??
So when will our pipeline be completed so we don't have to depend on other nations for oil??
Price carbon with a $40 carbon tax. It will kill OPEC, raise much needed revenue, and save the environment. Ask your economic advisor.
Such a ridiculous suggestion wiould also kill the plastic industry, unless you want ride a horse to work.
plastic industry should be killed lmao, we have cleaner alternatives just as easy to make but plastics kill our enviroment which then inccurs the need for a carbon tax to then slow down the plastic. hemp plastics break in about a year when made left to the weather
You really don't understand business, do you?
You make trouble for all of us, oil price increase is due to attact Isirg
STOP them @POTUS! Sleezy OPEC has done this for years!! 

#OPEC
Stop watching TV.
Horrible and gas prices going through the roof
Thanks Mr. President. I am sick of people taking advantage of the American people. You are a true hero.
What do u think trump is going to do about oil prices delivered from another sovereign country?  Pee on a few Russian HOOKERS? – at Northwest Bible Baptist Church
Agree! Seeing and paying these higher prices already is going to affect the economy.. Not necessary! It's greed
I think they have every right to price oil as they see fit.   For TRUMP hotels, you have no problems over pricing it .. VERY HIGH  No GOOD and WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED
Really, they are running out
So you will reduce prices tomorrow? Tonight? You are so smart!!!
Yeah , what about that Mr. President? Get a little more on a paychech, just to have everything go up in price!?
Release domestic reserves and drop prices!!
We don't have the refinery capacity to keep up with demand. We need to get rid of boutique gas mixtures and increase refinery capacity.
We should be getting our oil in the USA 
Yes!!! MAGA. Do that... hahaha you have about the same amount of oil as IQ.
In Saginaw we’re pay $2.95! Granted our gas tax is stupidly high and our road and schools are the worse in the Nation. Yes, please do something. Thank you
I blame the politicians , for our roads and highways not being safe to drive. They are using taxpayers money , for their fool projects,instead from their own retirement accounts  to fix this huge problem .
Hmmm... sounds like you screwed the pooch by going with oil and not solar!
Saudis conspired with Putin to screw Americans at the gas pump.   A crash in oil prices would sink the Vodka King & the Saudi Serpents.
Only way you can do that is with War, but the problem is... you can't bully Russia can you?
Tax breaks are gone too high fuel, not good..
Do you know anything about world markets, Spanky? Anything??
I reacted to this earlier but your ignorance of oil markets has stuck with me all day.  Pandering to your base, blaming  foreign interests, typical MO. I sit here tonight wondering if you really are this stupid or you know something I don't. My guess is the former
He does know more then you know
CA will come to a screeching halt!
You have no idea what you are tweeting about. None. Sad.
That's not how supply and demand works. Oil prices not "very high". Impacts energy cos and their support cos.
Thank you Mr Trump and USA for pumping shale to check crude oil prices globally which benefitted poor & growing economies. Though US is pumping & selling more than ever before, not sure why crude prices are rising?

#IndiaStandsWithCJI
#ShahInRaebareli
#DeathForChildRapists
Aren't non OPEC countries like the U S A getting the same price for a barrel of oil as OPEC countries are?  Doesn't that mean our oil producers are earning a profit again?  Idiot.

All Hail Emperor Trump!
Good
Thank you Mr. President! I’m so glad you’re on top of this!
Really? And what do you think you can do about it. Hmmm...sanctions...oh right!
When I was a kid it was “Chutes and ladders” and a hot shower before bed, now thanks to republicans they can explain to our kids that now it’s “Hookers and Leakers” and a golden shower on the bed!
We already did that with Bill Clinton
Bill Clinton?
You mentioned explaing things to your kids, I said we already had to do that with Clinton. Thats all.  Not makin excuses for anybody
Yes but those kids are full grown now but since the best you got is 25 years ago...now we have the pee puppet. So yes, you are trying to deflect because you can’t defend Spanky
Oh ok I see, you're right.
No you see how your stupidity breeds stupidity.  You mess with one thing and throw another off balance.  That is called politics, and you #dotardDonnie are very bad at it.  IDIOT!!
You should be President of the world since your so smart and know more than others . I would love to see people like you in the (, Hot . Seat )
The MSM, UN, EU(Merkel) and Dems(Obama)  are all puppets of Opec.
RELEASE THE TECHNOLOGY! #FREEENERGY
Thank you for noticing and CARING Mr. President! The last President’s  intentions were to drive us into the ground, so we couldn’t drive on the streets#maga
Thank you President Trump, you are appreciated across this country
MAGA
They've been too high for too long! Prices are jacked when there's a "shortage," but come down pennies at a time. The US consumer has been getting hosed for decades!!!!
Gas Prices are sooo high ..I can’t enjoy my tax reduction
Maybe let some of the 100 years of oil the government has stocked up, out to the working people so prices come back down.
So that means you want to drill in Alaska and all over the us
You’re not a billionare
Did you know that President Abraham Lincoln , was one of the poorest  president in our history ?
WTF are you talking about?! But that can be said every time you open your twit-hole.

Your mother would be so proud of your articulate words and gutter talk???!!!
Generally, access to a supply exceeding demand results in lower prices...or so I thought...
Thanks no reason for the prices especially Diesel.
Bury THEM ! UNLEASH OUR PETROLEUM MIGHT !
God Bless America  Land that I love . Put them straight. We have no place for their games.
So do something about it. #GasPricesAreKillingMiddleClasd
So we can blame you Mr. Trump, for our high gas prices? Or is this in some way, Obama’s fault?
Then nicely change the contracts. Always thought it was funny how crude oil was shipped to America, stored & then shipped back. But, seems it is being done by Goverment Contract ot Contracts.
Blend change B.S. I thought US was producing big time
President #Trump wake up : OPEC price when goes up #USA and #GCC countries (US alliances) get stronger economy, the stronger economy will increase business trading between both markets. China will slow down . Let Oil price goes higher . @realDonaldTrump @VP @WhiteHouse #ترمب
Stupid
looks like @Carl_C_Icahn  needs some insider trading bumps
Thank you again, President Trump, for standing against them.  And why are we dependent on foreign oil anyway?  Whose idea was this, when we have plenty of our own--
You have to straighten them out. Do something sir.
is this MAGA?
Yes, please do something about the prices. It makes no sense why gas has to be so high.
Price is almost $300

Well @realDonaldTrump, Bush Jr caused a ressession that caused oil prices to sky rocket. @BarackObama was able to bring the price of gas down. Now they are going back up. I see a trend @realDonaldTrump....
You are in large part responsible for high oil prices because of your lack of clarity in foreign policy and largely useless tweeting that damages the standing of your office and the USA.
What drugs are you on? Since it's their oil, they can do whatever the fuck they want. It's capitalism, something you so dearly love.
Here is what Trump is not recognizing. Economic sanctions were imposed in 2014 by the US and EU nations against the RF after illegally invading Crimea and Ukraine. Sanctions included the barring of RF imports of crude which intern makes OPCE prices goes up do to demand.
Thank you!  I love you
It will change, IMMEDIATELY! He scares the shit out of the vultures.
What about all that pipeline oil being sent to China? Despite a multimillion gallon spills
Make fuel companies stop price gouging farmers planting crops and customers getting ready to go on vacations for summers... Every year, this must stop..
Diesel is higher than gas and it costs less to make I'm told..
For the love of God leave oil alone.  I have been of work two years because of the oil crash.  There is just now light at the end of the tunnel don’t screw it up!!!!!!
‘Will not be accepted’ famous last words. Ha ha ha.
I can't afford $3.10 a gallon
I have an idea.  Let’s make renewable energy a priority and OPEC won’t affect us.
You still need oil
Hey Sir - OPEC get there cut no matter what. Its the American and European oil barons that impune private citizens with high prices.

WTF does that mean your such a buffoon try to talk about something you understand? Oh that’s right there isn’t anything because you would have to read something
Truly a demonstration of anti intellectual mastery on display here. Trumpanomics.
One disaster at a time, lol. 8 years will age a suck7p party hack 20, and Mr President you ain't George Custer. Don't divide your forces in the face of powerful enemies. The summer vacation gas swindle season is a month or 2 today. Today's troubles surrender to dreams of peace
Oh so thats why my stolen tax dollars are being used to bomb fucking Syria.
Gas prices are skyrocketing here... Thanks TRUMP!
https://youtu.be/NbakN7SLdbk  
We Intel Vets KNOW this Truth!
Not OPEC you idiot it’s assholes you hang with robbing the #American people with higher fuel prices. But please keep lying.
Need laws passed that all american refinery's operate at 99-100%! Also need to remove all state and fed taxes on domestic fuel! Would help to get country traveling again!
Our government is not going to control prices, so I would not expect a savings regardless of source.
Don't want gov. to control prices! Just want ALL STATE AND FEDERAL TAX, REMOVED FROM DOMESTIC FUEL AND GASOLINE!! Can you read my tweet now??!!
That the US benefits from. Unfortunately your mental retardation prevents your from understanding this.
It’s definitely hurting us farmers and truckers.  What concerns me is how we’re still letting these fools spray our skies w these chemicals 
It’s still in 30’s here in coastal South Carolina and that’s waaaay off from normal.  This ignorance has to stop.  We have lost crops alrdy
So, what are you going to do about it?
In The Control of Oil , a digest of Congressional testimony about the 1973/74 Arab Oil Embargo it is clear that a few giant companies exploited public ignorance and prejudice while price gouging us to the edge of WW3. I was a paratrooper we were packed to go and given our mission
Our Target was a control center within a Saudi oil Field. I was point man among the first 15 men on the ground, scouts and engineers. OPEC lowered price to oil incs. Token drop at pump. A rich  man trick
Gasoline should be around a dollar 25 to a dollar fifty a gallon diesel fuel should be $0.80 to a dollar a gallon it's a byproduct we the people are tired of your bullshit  supply and demand
Thank you for helping with that.
Gas prices during Obama administration under $2.00 a gallon, gas prices during Trump administration $2.70 and climbing. Making America Great Again!
Finally, something I can agree with you on. Also....
#renewable #solar #hyrolaulicenergy #windenergy #earthenergy #newbusiness #renewableenergy=jobs
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @NBCNews

What will your administration do to get gas prices down for the summer?
Blame crocked Hillary? 
But your billionairre friends....
And what can be done about it? Gas up .50 cent a gallon in past 3 months.
Thank you POTUS for always taking care of us.  You're the best!
The 4x GE LM2500 turbines on the Arleigh Burke class destroyers have been designed in such a way that the control systems can power them on a 20% Hydrogen fuel mix versus the liquid fossil fuel they use now. It is the only way to alternatively power that vessel as designed.
Gettem potas
I blame you.  You let this happen.  Take responsibility.  So much losing.
He is telling you,OPEC is doing it ,and they are. Not the first time either. they done it back in the late 70's' and drove gas prices from 65 cents a gallon to 4 bucks a gallon.then started shipping again and price stayed over a $125 a gallon was no shortage.was on ships at sea.
Your fault loser, this global disruption is exactly what your handler putin wanted when he told you he could install you as potus
Do you think that spending increases combined with tax decreases, which result in currency debasement, might have a teensy weensy bit to do with the currency price of oil?
