Smartest President Ever!
Denuclearizing North Korea isn’t FAKE NEWS,

It’s called Winning with President Trump!
Take back Obama’s Nobel Peace Prize,

Give it to Trump for Korean PEACE, preventing WW3.
Barry sold his for a joint
Yea that's not racist at all...
All Trumpkins share one common value: racism.
Where’s your proof???
OMG! You must’ve been in a coma for the last year and a half.
You are going to prison.
For what exactly? Has he been found guilty of anything?
Give it time. Mueller time.
Mueller is a lying snake. He’s digging up zero!!!
Mueller: Bronze Star with Combat "V" for valor, Purple Heart, 2 Navy and Marine  Commendation Medals with Combat "V", Combat Action Ribbon, Nat'l Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with 3 service stars, Vietnam Gallantry Cross, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Parachutist Badge.
Mueller married to the same woman for 52 years. While Mueller was earning medals for valor serving his country, Trump cowardly weaseled out with fake bone spurs. During Mueller's marriage, Trump cheated on 3 wives, the last one while she was pregnant.
Trump is not fit to shine Mueller's shoes.
Good one!!  #soproud!
This is very simple. Fire Sessions and put Giuliani in his place, and let him clean house. Why is Strzok and Page still working for the justice department? McCabe was just one of many. Time to kick the rest out
Why? Because your president is guilty of numerous crimes, your going to fire anyone who will prove it? GO BACK TO RUSSIA!
Collusion? We are looking at conspiracy, obstruction of justice, crimes against the USA, & TREASON. I don’t care how busy you are during exec time, you are not above the law. IF you were innocent, you wouldn’t be obsessed with firing ev1 investigating you. You have tried & tried.
For someone who is too busy to be  investigated you sure do spend countless hours trying to squirm your way out of it. If you’re so damned busy dealing w/presidential business why are you forever golfing? You find time to malign the investigators, FBI, Mueller,Rosenstein,Comey.
IF you were an innocent man you would be anxious to sit down with Mueller & clear your name. Instead you act exactly like a guilty man. Every move you have made have been the movements of a thoroughly guilty man. Instead, you spend all of your time screaming witch hunt.
For something that’s supposed to be a witch hunt we sure have a lot of witches under indictments, seven guilty pleas. A lot of witches. You the only innocent in the crowd of criminals? The noose is tightening, you can feel it, & you are both terrified, & panic stricken. Desperate
The worst part? Listening to you lie to your magats. You seem to think it will help you to have your base believe you are being framed. What is it you think this will gain for you? Think they’ll break you out of the federal pen? Such a patriot you’re willing to divide the country
You would divide the nation in an attempt to save your treasonous ass. You will cause a constitutional crisis and not think twice. Cause your such a patriot. I honestly don’t begin to understand why your base doesn’t see you clearly. Well, you’ve actually alienated quite a few.
You have the worst numbers of any prez in his first year, & your fan base continues to shrink with every single day. Your constant protestations of innocence are very unconvincing. Maybe ten percent of the nation believes you. The rest of us see you clearly & we always have.
You know who else sees you clearly? Mueller. May as well add our entire intelligence community, every single Dem in the country, the rest of the planet. In fact, the only people who believe you? A tiny fraction of your base. Fire everyone & we will begin impeachment proceedings.

The biggest liar in the history of the American presidency! 





He deserves prison. Millions of us are rooting for it.
Fire Rosenstein and tell Session to fire Mueller, stop wasting American taxpayers money!!!
This isn’t some game. America is a country of laws and you’re not above them.
Which one did he break?
One?
That's not an answer.
Absolutely is.
If you could produce some evidence everyone is waiting to see it. You don't have any.
You have me mistaken for Robert Mueller. Take it up with him.
So you ain't got shit son. #haveaseat
If there was no collusion, why are you so concerned about the investigation. Do you not trust America’s rule of law?
Misha you are my favorite actor, above anyone your acting skills are amazing there is no one quite like you, but Donald Trump is doing amazing tings for this nation and there is no evidence of Russian collusion and there so so many other important things that need to be delt with
So if there’s no actual collusion why does he fear an investigation, that’s all he is asking, if he’s actually innocent then there will be no evidence against him then will there
Yes let’s listen to Stormy. Lmao. He knows there’s not evidence. Because there isn’t. He doesn’t fear it at all. He just thinks the time and money is better spent somewhere else and he’s right.
Golf?
Why are you tweeting about it 100 times a day then??? @realDonaldTrump
From what most of us see, your "work" consists of bungled interviews, crazy rants, "worship me" rallies, and golf. There's nothing wrong with "screwing" with any of the above. Speaking of screwing ... so, Rudy outed your lies about Stormy, eh? Another wise staff choice. Ha!
Perfect!
You should have thought about the "work of the president" before you committed a billion crimes. Oh, and you are no president. You are a mob boss.
Blah Blah Blah, remember Nixon went down and you can too, it's called the "RULE OF LAW" it doesn't matter what you want. BTW Nixon called it a "Witch Hunt" too
Nixon resigned before he was impeached. Bill Clinton was impeached without a majority in the Senate could not remove from office. No body goes to jail at Executive Branch level. All these people know way to much. When Mueller finishes this, he will be the subject of investigators
Mueller probe is unconstitutional.
You colluded stop lying!!! You know you did !!! We know you did!!!
Seriously I’m wondering how much bleach and paint chips you had? Also was paint sniffing or was it the cocaine that finally did you and your brain in finally?
Lmfao your hilarious
#DrainTheSwamp fire the lot!

Explain Iran deal & lies
So charming.

No way anyone would let him babysit their daughters.

#TrumpPerv  
#TrumpCreepy 
#TrumpEgomaniac 
#TrumpWeirdo
#TrumpLiar
Paz para todos na paz do criador  . . ....
And yet you still manage to watch 6 hours of Fox News a day, tweeting all the time and spending every weekend on the golf course. Do you really think we're this stupid?
Give us a break, you spend hours and hours of "executive time" watching FOX & Friends every morning. You have plenty of time to talk to Mueller and tell him the same lies you tweet out every day.
Fire Muller!.
If there was no Russian Collusion, then

- Go on record and explain your campaign’s involvement with Russia. 

- Quit talking about it. 

-Concern yourself with more important matters, like Puerto Rico and acknowleding a true American hero, James Shaw, Jr.
Same thing Bill Clinton tried to say when his investigation was beginning for impeachment.
Mr president, i like the new changes but you do realise country hitting inflation. Revisit the holy land. No more than 5 days. Reschedule
president trump has worked?
#nicetrytrimp
‘The Deep State’ 
isn’t that a film starring @StormyDaniels ?
#nicetrytrump
You're not one, that's just it! Thanks for bringing in old man Rudy Giuliani. His feeble mind just snitched on you about paying Cohen back the $130k.
Yes he did
Amen.
#TraitorTrump
I'm not an American, but you don't DESERVE to have the American flag in your profile picture... Because cultural appropriation duh
#idiot @costi_darius 
If you’re not an American, then you have no skin in the game & therefore your opinion is less than valueless.  BTW, as an American citizen, I can’t “culturally appropriate” a culture to which I legitimately belong.  Move on “not American” twitter troll.
And I didn't even call you an idiot...! Can't liberals simply be nice?
Move on, China Twitter troll.
You should get off Twitter and do some work then!
The United States has checks & balances. U should understand this. Americans hate you, it's not fake media. We hate u based on your actions. Based on the fact that American is not a dictatorship & you prove by your actions & tweets you're fighting for it to be a dictatorship.
jajajaja este señor me da mucha risa, pobres gringos
Here’s a tip for ya, Donny.... No matter how much you whine or say there was no collision, it will not make a bit of difference to the truth! The truth always prevails! Mueller=Truth
So work
Thinking bout it are we?
You’ve been screwing with the safety of the US and world.  You’ve conspired with foreign enemies against the US. And invest lost track of the bum of times you’ve committed obstruction. But I trust Mueller knows the count. Time for you and your lies to go. Paging Mr. Mueller.

"Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain!" - Trump 
When is Brennan going to jail ? Him and Crapper ? and all  the rest ?
I hear GITMO has vacancies.
@dxguy7  @Zimber16
Yes...how dare the DOJ waste all of your valuable time!
Your meme does not comport with the reality that @realDonaldTrump has brought peace to the Korean Peninsula, prosperity to the USA through increased business spending (jobs and wages and capital investments), among many others on a long list. Wise up!
Traitor!
Let's all subscribe to the wisdom of libtardia you only have to face criminal charges if you make less than a hundred million a year or you're on the other team. Democrats progressives liberals no wisdom just double standards

#RexSaidItBest
Him shouting NO RUSSIAN COLLUSION, is that the same as Michael Scott shouting I DECLARE BANKRUPTCY on The Office, does he hope it just makes it so?
You "work" from 11am -5pm with a nice lunch break. Most of your day is watching tv, talking on the phone, tweeting and playing golf. You could be deposed during your executive time.
Even 11-5 is a strech
Mr. @POTUS 
I just want to be clear..

This Russia investigation shouldn't have even started. Your HATERS will stop at nothing to take you down.

As a STRONG supporter of your policies & committed @realDonaldTrump VOTER..

Under NO CIRCUMSTANCE,
DO NOT SPEAK W/ MUELLER!
If the president has nothing to hide he can’t perjure himself. He has nothing to fear from Mueller. It seems important your country investigates fully any attempt by a hostile power to undermine your democracy. Or maybe that doesn’t matter to you or him?
@co_rapunzel4 @CitizensFedUp @cherokeesher2 @amazinmikey @MtnMD #WomensHealth #FBI #Veterans #Navy #NoBallsDonnie#Education #MeToo #ThursdayThoughts

Traitor Donnie OWES Putin Billions
Putin's Goal is US Destruction from Within
Traitors Donnie, BS Pence & GOP Happily Comply
If you spent 1/2 as much time doing your job as you do tweeting and golfing then I might say Mueller is taking away too much time from you. Plus, the investigation isn’t ‘some game’ either. It is a serious look into a seriously corrupt group of people unskilled at governing.

And when Mueller stopped laughing, what did he say? 
As USUAL; You NEGLECT to Mention this Truth

FAKE PRESIDENT

That's why we have

FAKE NEWS

@cnnbrk @CBSPolitics @BBCWorld @maddow @Lawrence @donlemon @morningmika @SRuhle @SaysHummingbird @Bvweir @NBCPolitics @ABCPolitics @CNNPolitics

RIGHTEOUS #MUELLER @FBI

#TRAITORnChief

.
#trumpCOLLUDED #Impeachtrumpnow #WorstPOTUSever #trumpCOLLUDED #IdiotinChif #trumpCOLLUDED
You’re the one treating the presidency like a game. If you’ve done nothing wrong, then do the Mueller interview so he can finish his investigation. In the meantime, let the grownups run things. Just continue to golf and watch TV. It’s all you’re good for.
The reason “collusion” is in quotations is because there really is no legal term or charge for “collusion”. You’re going to be charged with a myriad of other things but then you’re going to say “see? There was no collusion”. #TreasonousBastard
Oh what tangled web we weave...
When first we practice to deceive.
If that's the case, quit spending so much time on Twitter, Stormy and playing golf.
How about letting the investigation run its course? That’s the best way to prove your innocence. The only thing screwing the work of the President is having someone in the Office who doesn’t know what the f he’s doing. Just spends his time throwing shade, golfing, and tweeting.
It’s not keeping you from golfing.
Look at all of Donny's "poorly educated" defending their kkkult leader!!! Good little lemmings.....Stop believing the lies--DEMOCRATS DON'T WANT HIM IMPEACHED. We want to see the look on your dumbass faces when you do your taxes next year!
Your life on the golf course and watching TV proves you have nothing but time.

Let's talk about these hidden payments you've been making though shall we?

Are they campaign finance violations? Bribe payments? Money laundering purchases? Bot farm payments? Hmmm?
This is a good time to STOP embarrassing yourself, family and your nation. First admit to yourself that the Burdens of the Oval Office are outside the scope of your capability, experience, will & interest 
RESIGN for the sake of your grandchildren who may someday read "IMPEACHED"

I would like to laugh also unfortunately his actions are diminishing our democracy
Sessions, Mueller, Rosenstein need to be fired yesterday. They are part of Soros ,Obama coup.
Evidence says there WAS collusion. Stop professing that there wasn't. 

You colluded with Russia to sway the election, you know it and we all know it. 

Quit lying about it!

Fess up!
You lied about the Stormy Daniel's affair, how can we trust you when you say no collusion and have lied to the American people ever since you were elected and before.  NO Trust.
Psssst Little Hint take it or leave it but I‘ve never seen an innocent person tweeting everyday that they‘re innocent on the other hand innocent people would show their Tax Returns so what do I know
...  said the guy pissing-away his presidency on Twitter.
All these tweets about how there was no “collusion”, really make me think there was DEFINITELY collusion.
Anyone still happy Hillary lost?
Yet, you have time to watch to, tweet, tweet & tweet #TrumpLiesMatter #ETTD
Panicked
#Liar
Great point! “The President is too busy accepting emoluments, appointing kleptocrats, & gutting consumer, safety, & environmental protections to answer questions about crimes against the USA.” Have a great golf game! #maga #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Does this mean tweeting lies about your collusion with Russia and your obstruction of justice is cutting into your golfing and grifting time?
Interfering with your golf game?
Not to mention the havoc this is wreaking on your golfing schedule!   #FuckinSlacker
You will not scare us into ignoring the rule of law.
Cannot wait for your jail sentence.
Lock him up.
#Shutitdown
You misspelled "don't retweet"
NO IT ISN'T A DAMN GAME WHEN YOUR SCREWING OVER OUR COUNTRY'S PEOPLE. YOUR WHOLE PRESIDENCY IS NOTHING BUT A MAJOR SHAM.
Heh. Heh, Heh. Thinks foreign policy is his strong man suit...
So did Mussolini. This doesn't end well.
Nixon went down while dealing with Vietnam, and you have way more time than him, just don't play golf for a while. You know you are going down you should just resign. I'm sure that you will spend some time in jail either way unless they decide to make you a deal like Nixon's
Try distract and deflect all you want. You're too stupid to realise that we've grown way too familiar with your tricks. You cannot fool us. But your followers that are claiming Mueller is on your side, that's a-grade entertainment 
Just because you say it or think it, doesn’t mean it’s true.
You’re kinda right; it’s been more than collusion. Treason. And you shall pay in due time.
Actually the only game that is getting screwed with is your golf game 

too bad, so sad.

If it actually was,

but no you golf while the country burns.
You are so fucked
So going golfing again this weekend? #MuellerIsComingForYou
A president whose “ executive time” lady longer then his work day!
#ImpeachTrump #Liar #TrumpRussia #TrumpIsATraitor
Hmmm. But you can golf and ‘chew gum’ at the same time.
why is "Collusion" in quotes?
You forgot watching tv and eating burgers
"... screwing with the golf tee times of the President of the United States"

There, i fixed it for you, you traitorous crook!
Don’t let them take you down Mr. President.
#YESCOLLUSION
Nervous? You should be
Giuliani's FBI ‘Stormtroopers’ Comment. This from a former @GOP federal prosecutor who know the hoops that the FBI has to jump through to get a No-Knock Warrant demonstrates just how terrified @realDonaldTrump’s cabal, the #GOPCrimeFamily are! http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/05/giuliani-fbi-stormtroopers-and-trumps-authoritarianism-mueller.html … #LockThemUp
Russian played a chess move called a skewer on the U.S. so basic chess players will only see basic moves while the rest of us see 25 moves ahead. Your lies are free baits or hanging pieces looking free...but it aint. Your lies are gambits seeing if the population will Accept it.
All these people not doing their jobs but spend day and night trying to ruin a Great President just because he is not a democrat and he is trying to stop the corruption in Washington is just pure evil!
Hahaha I’m pretty sure you’re right
Play a little less golf and you will have time to chat with Mueller.
Thinking about Mueller, he is even playing golf nervously!
The foundation stablished by the past “The Gorilla  “ is with very conflicted people which has the tools and resources to attack any ONE person including the Commander-IN-Chief, the Gorilla  is ruthless and only seas his existence depend on Assassination character of others!
And create fear at foundation and core values of civilization Like church , music festivals , schools, and have no respect for our justice system . That is why department of insurance knelled to gorilla  called my submittal mechanical work ( body work is Mechanical wk?)
There never was any collusion.
 "DiGenova: Rosenstein Has ‘Disqualified Himself From Continued Service’ At DOJ ...for investigating no crime."

WINNING: @foxnews @thefive

http://dailycaller.com/2018/05/02/digenova-bolo-tie-rod-rosenstein-disqualified-himself/?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=site-share … via @dailycaller
He is driven by his jealousy of @BarackObama
Sessions needs to fire Mueller now especially after Mike Caputo' on Tucker Carson last night. This is a coo. Get Mueller out now. Get his days as a mob lawyer out in the open.

Got time to play golf and watch tv though, dontcha?
If you aren’t guilty, why does this affect you so much? Why not let the investigation continue so your name can be cleared? You ran on a “law & order” message. The FBI is the nation’s top fed law enforcement agency. And you are more critical of them than you are of Russia!

Threatening law officials and your dumb ass will be behind bars.... JACKASS
Yeah, but you sure as hell do find time to golf and tweet!  If you used golf and tweet time to learn ho w to be a real president and learn about how a country is supposed to be run. Start with educating youself on our constitution. It's a great read.
You are the most corrupt POTUS with the most corrupt cabinet in the history of the United States and this makes you the weakest POTUS since the Civil War.

You are weak and it's your own damn fault.
You must really depend on John Dowd for legal advice.  Oh yea.  Correction.  You must really have depended on John Dowd of legal advice.  Oh well.  If the White House can get the tense wrong, I don't feel so bad.  The question is, did he jump or was he pushed?
Go right your DR’s Note
If you are so busy why do you go golfing on my dime every weekend? #LazyAss #IMPOTUS #BLOTUS #IMPEACH #FakePresident #TrumpRussia #RUSSIAGATE #COVERUP #TREASON #Conspiracy
I think you may need to make time to talk about this...you talk around it every time you tweet, so how about a straight answer?  How about a press conference with questions?  Forget that, fire Mueller already....NO COLLUSION!
Bigly Collusion!
Oh my god if there really was no collusion just let the investigation continue and it’ll prove you right but pleaseeeeee stop bringing it up; the American (and international) people beg you
Be honest.  That’s all you think about.  24/7.  Why?  Because you are guilty!
#DumpTrump #NotMyPresident
If you have a lot of work to do, don’t want to be distracted by investigation, etc., may I make a suggestion?

GET OFF TWITTER, QUIT YOUR BITCHING, STOP GOLFING, AND DO YOUR JOB.

I hope that’s clear.
#TraitorTrump
There's no president of the United States, you colluded, you're a criminal shill, a perverted pedophile and an absolute moron.
You can’t even use your own thoughts and words here; but you’re planning to negotiate a denuclearization agreement with Kim Jong Un? Sure . . . OK . . . 
Conspiracy, treason, violating the emoluments clause, obstruction of justice. Not to mention lying to the American people. Ordering a break-in of your doctor’s office. Threatening the Department of Justice. #TrumpCrimes
“This isn’t some reality TV show. You are screwing with the American People (who you happen to work for)!!” How’s that for a quote?
He’s right. It isn’t some game. You are supposed to be the president of the USA!

Instead you whine & wimper, spew out invective & vitriol & have absolutely no idea how anything works.

You are disgusting!

Donnie I am losing my mind You must stop with this No Collusion  in your every other sentence The president doth protests too much, methinks!!
We all know you don't think.
There was collusion, obviously, but more importantly, there was conspiracy. As we suspected. And now you must pay for your treason. #ThanksRudy
Mr. @POTUS could Jeff Sessions be held criminally responsible for not ending this entire Russian investigation and not providing you with the details of it? This is an investigation of YOU, not Russia collusion. There is no crime, so you have the right to confront your accusers?
“ WORK” ?? What exactly do you do, except golf?
He DOES engage in photo ops from time to time. 
You’re right, I’m sure that’s work for someone as obese as him
If you did nothing wrong, why are you spending so much time worrying about "Collusion"? If you did nothing wrong, you can ignore the so-called "false" charges. If you did nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear from Mueller or a grand jury. IF YOU DID NOTHING WRONG.
Who did you bully or bribe into nominating YOU for the Nobel Peace Prize? What a f*#*ing JOKE!!! #ImpeachtRUMP #SaveTheUSA #VoteBlue2018
Then, go on with your work and let the investigation finish, IF you have nothing to hide!
Shut up dumb ass. You're the one who needs to realize playing with our democracy is not a game, not acknowledging Russian interference is not a game.
You’ve lied more than 3000 times since taking office.  No one believes you.
You tell em Boss!!!!  #MAGA
But you have time to play golf every weekend and watch Fox and Friends every morning.
Keeping you busy with periphery crap, saves the world from you....let those with knowledge deal with world issues, someone who understand them...AND, it was China that set the NK process in motion...remember the meeting, or, did FOX not report it?
Omg. Stop tweeting
But there’s time for this?
OK Rudy....  hard to say who is more Pathetic... Trump or the hacks he hires to cover for him.. Hmmmmm
Dude, you have plenty of time to golf, watch Fox News, and tweet, you have plenty of time for an interview with the Special Counsel. The interview will then determine whether there was "Collusion". Work those thinking muscles!
Then quit lying, cheating, stealing, colluding, obstructing justice, laundering money, committing wire fraud, violating emoluments clause, and aiding & abetting the enemy!! Release your taxes, your college transcripts and your real health records!! Quit w/ the deceit! COLLUSION!!
That's the most Nixon-like comment you've ever made
You are the only one screwing with your work. You need more tiiiime? May be Golf should be stopped.
The legal, authorized, criminal investigation by the FBI will continue and its ongoing results will be reported to a court of law. Five guilty pleas, 35 subpoenas, and so far one person in jail. Back off of attempts at obstruction of justice and insulting agents of the FBI.
If you were half the POTUS that @barrakob1ama was you Be 10 times better than you are now.
Could you please post the definition of collusion Sir?  If it’s not too much trouble?  I’m not certain i understand what “collusion” is.  You keep saying there was none; what is it exactly??
Your fooling no one
Yet you have time to watch TV & tweet!
When will John Dowd mention all the golf you play?

But yet it’s all you talk about 
   
Keep telling yourself there was no collusion, .@realDonaldTrump. You might even believe it someday. And by the way - *you* are the person screwing with the work of the *office* of the President of the United States. Do your job and stop whining like a little boy.
Let's face it. You spend more time playing golf and watching TV than you do on all of these issues put together. Because you don't read, you don't even know or understand what the underlying issues are. E.g., your mistaken statements on the US embassy in London. No clue!
Maybe that’s why John Dowd quit; when he realized what an assinine statement that was:). Nixon supervised the war in Vietnam every day of his two year Watergate investigation and impeachment hearings.
So, how about "conspiracy", or "obstruction of justice"?
Some don't consider Tweeting, golf vacations, and photo-op EO's as "important work".

p.s. Tweeting "Little Rocket Man" is not Nobel worthy and if EVEN considered would be a disgrace.
AS PER YOUR ELECTION FOLLOW "ABKI BAR TRUMP SARKAR" AS WAS "ABKI BAR MODI SARKAR". AND MODIJI YOUR BEST FRIEND IN THE WORLD WITH GOOD LEADER, SO SUPPORT MODIJI BEFORE 2019 ELECTION NOT FOR FRIEND ONLY FOR BEST LEADER IN THE WORLD WITH GOOD THINKS & GOOD GUIDANCE. wait............
The court felt differently about a much less serious matter in the 90s.  Given your credibility, penchant for legally questionable action, and strong ties to powerfull Russian entities there’s more than enough reason to compel you.  Plead the 5th, it’s your best bet.
Coming to a theater near you !
U r the biggest liar, ever.#TrumpLiesMatter #MAGA #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #TRUMPNAZI #KKKTRUMP #TrumpMoneyLaundering #TrumpSerialAssualter #USuck #Bum #TotallyDisingenuous #TrumpTreason
Trump maybe if you was more of a president then a czar maybe the real news wouldn’t be screwing with you so much (no the truth will always come out in the end)
I vote No to any more distractions or obstructionism to our elected Presidents Plan of Action.  I voted for a leader. Thank God one was elected. Thank you John Dowd.  I vote Yes to Mueller resignation.  Get out of our way Mueller, we are free.  Keep up the clean UP!
@realDonaldTrump do you know that if you fired @BobSMueller the American people would cheer. We would be very happy. Mueller is the real criminal. We all know that to be true. Please fire him ASAP & make us happy. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/991809653980966913?s=21 …
Thought you got rid of Dowd, now you're quoting him. 
Go golfing would ya
Except there was/is ongoing collusion, conspiracy & corruption.
Hey #DoucheyDonald, whatever, Birther Boy.
I don’t like Putin, but the USA supplies weapons to Criminals/Nazis of Kiev. It’s absolutely horrible action. It’s the same as you give the weapons to all US prisoners.
#Traitor
 #Resistance
you are a liar there was collusion and you are still colluding with them, if what you say is true then put sanctions on Russia

You’re not really president. Go to jail. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/991809653980966913 …
TAKE BACK YOUR EXEC BRANCH!
A Fake president who is a a liar,thief,racist, money launderer,bully,sexual predator requires USA to take the time before it is too late.
You are a #FakePresident!! #ImpeachTrumpNow
