I'm astonished at the lack of Republican messaging today about one thing in particular: The memos confirm Trump asked Comey to investigate and lay to rest the Russian hookers stuff, which is something you don't do if you're guilty.
#Republican Senator @ChuckGrassley on @JudgeJeanine talking about making a commitment to #democrats to put forward Bill to NOT fire #Mueller UNBELIEVABLE

@GOP #Senate #Congress PLEASE GET BEHIND #TRUMP 

There is ONLY #TRUMPTrain #ArmyOfTRUMP #TRUMPRepublicans

#MAGA
What is wrong w Grassley?
He’s listening to the people who elected him here in Iowa. If Trump is not guilty it won’t hurt him to let the investigation finishes.
So says #liberal Kym @Kime55 who is #democrat #resistance

Why did Crooked @hillaryclinton delete acid wash email if nothing to hideWhy did #obama stop investigation

Why did hater of #USA @barackobama not pardon a black man #JackJohnson 

#QAnon #MAGA #IJoinedTwitter
I actually I vote for who I think is the best candidate screw both sides that’s the problem with the world today you vote for a candidate just because they are republicans or democratic not because they will do a good job I voted for Grassley on a mixed ballot
Odd that trump only won with an exceptionally small number of electoral college votes while still getting swamped in the popular vote.
Those with smaller margins included JFK, Jimmy Carter, John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, George W. Bush (both times), Grover Cleveland, Woodrow Wilson ...

P.S. How many of those guys had campaign members that secretly met with a hostile foreign government that was actively trying to covertly influence our fair and free elections and then lied about it?
Trumps Regulation cuts are no different then Assad's chemicals. Trump is attacking Americans with Asbestos,Lead,Mercury, deadly fuel toxin;s. Nerve gas pesticide even mining waste dumped into our water. These are a few, the list goes on and on. 100% deadly 100% true
PS Collusion has been tied to all but Mueller has not tighten the loop YET. SOON THE PEOPLE THAT SOLD AMERICA OUT TO LINE THEIR POCKETS WILL BE ALL OUT
Like he actually thought the FBI would fly to Russia and interview who, HOOKERS to say he wasn't with them? Listen to what you're saying idiot. The Feds are supposed to take HOOKERS word for it that he wasn't with them? Or maybe PUTIN would vouch for him...
Fun fact: Low Ratings  Dotard trump scandalously colluded with the Russians to steal the 2016 election. Weak! Low Energy! Sad!
#Resistance #FBR #BlueWave2018 
So what are y’all going to do when this one flops as well. Let me guess he’ll be the cause of global warming
Collusion is wrong. Bad dotard! 
No pie. 
#Resistance #FBR #BlueWave2018 
It’s funny how y’all talk about Trumps administration and how chaotic it is yet fail to remember how many of the Clinton associates died during his presidency. Something like 50ish
I Think its because trump colluded with the Russian collusion.  
#Resistance #FBR #BlueWave2018 
He screams yup y’all do a lot of that he lies yup they do a lot of that he shits himself yup the Democratic Party did that when he added the census question of are you a IS citizen
Come on, make it more believable. Bot
51464301 must be his KGB/FSB serial number.  
SO TRUE#Republicans Senators and Congresspersons are always present, able willing to denounce @realDonaldTrump when triggered by #democrats but at all other times they fail to be on messaging on issues that will ensure that @GOP wins #Election2018 

#ComeyMemos #2A

#MAGA
It’s up to us. Patriotic Americans tobgry good candidates elected! The RINOS need to go!
.@realDonaldTrump is not able to articulate very well, so he hunts Twitte for someone defending him and then decides after 12 crazy ass tweets that make zero sense, he will tweet someone that at least has a grasp of the English language
I can't believe Trump's followers STILL haven't put 2+2 together when it comes to his guilt on so many of his crimes...did you know Trump added the Raskins to his legal team, know what they specialize in? organized crime, money laundering, tax & bank fraud, VERY TELLING I'd say !
It’s worse; they know and don’t care...
Some Republican Members Are Spineless They Should Be Backing The President 100% They're So Used 2 Flip-Flopping They Don't Know Loyalty Anymore Republicans Tend Forget It Was President Trump That Put The Republicans In The "White House" REPUBLICANS TIME SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT

He also asked Comey to drop the investigation into Flynn, something you do if you have plenty to hide.
That doesn't make you look good, Don. Odd choice for a retweet.
You retweeted this? I don’t think it means what you think it means.
Ha! I know. Wonder if he deletes the retweet IF he realizes that it confirms Comey’s truthfulness.
#ResignTrump
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @CitizensFedUp @amazinmikey @LCNM99 @Mooncatadams @MtnMD #WomensHealth #California #PuertoRico #FBI #Veterans #Law #NoBallsDonnie#LondonMarathon #Education

Watching Sinclair & FoxNews
When Minds are Empty
Eyes Are Blind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvtNyOzGogc …

Please DO keep talking about the memos, so we can continue to have a national conversation about “Trump” & “hookers.” NTM, until Nunes got the Comey memo released, most media refused to talk about the “golden showers.” Now they all are. You people really do suck at this.
Why would Trump retweet this? This tweet confirms Comey’s statements are true. Is this a failure of reading comprehension?
#ResignTrump
Memos confirm Trump asking Comey to prove he didn't have hookers. Asking him to prove a negative. Innocent peeps don't ask to be proven innocent. They know they're innocent. GUILTY PEOPLE ASK TO BE PROVEN INNOCENT.

The Mail is a right wing comic founded by a Nazi sympathizer, owned by some shady tax avoiding non dom Brits, I understand why you retweet from it, doesn't mean it's true. Did you see that photo of your wife and President Obama, didn't she look happy? They were joking about you.
Daily Mail aka #DailyFail as its known in the UK. Of course the gutter press (Fox, National Enquirer and Daily Mail) is what Trump observes the most as that is where his mind is with all his past indiscretions and racist behaviour.
Donald has not in any way acted innocent. It is mind boggling that you could be looking at the same scene and come away with that. Truly, trumpism is a disease of the mind.
Yet Mueller’s found nothing which means either Trumps just that good or Mueller’s just that bad
Have you actually read anything factual lately?
I'm astonished Trump wanted the hooker thing investigated.... (behind closed doors and hard to prove), BUT calls the Mueller probe, (indictments  confessions and lots of witness co-operation) a witch hunt......truly it doesn't take a blind man on a galloping donkey to see why.
No, it's something you do when you're bluffing, because you know you watched the golden showers and loved it, but want the FBI director to think you really didn't do it.
#TrumpConspired
#TrumpIsTreason

Exactlyso Sad this is happening in our Gov. Of course, Most of us have known there's always been corruption..I'm grateful Trump is Fighting it 
Innocent men don't act like this. #MuellerTime

Congratulations to Colin @Kaepernick7 on being presented with Amnesty International’s 2018 Ambassador of Conscience Award.I can't overstate the sacrifices he has made to start the movement that has caused countless individuals and companies to donate millions fighting for justice …
Every thing Trump has done or said smells of guilt. You hold on to this tiny fragment that suggests Trump might be innocent.  The good news is there is a non partisan (actually Republican) special investigator who will give us all a summary of his findings.

If @maggieNYT is a third rate reporter, most of the rest of us have fallen completely off the scale. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/987679848284999680 …
No one is above the law. Not a politician, not a priest, not a policeman. Retweet all you want Donald. It changes nothing.
Oh let’s not forget Clinton’s mishandling and failure to protect classified information which is also a crime, not treason but it is a crime
Really? Sounds more like someone who had been a very bad boy and was afraid his wife was going to find out. #LiarInChief
The Daily Mailer is pretty much equivalent in right wing political propaganda as the Daily Caller.
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann:Flipped. Manafort: indicted. 13RU+3entities: indicted. Deutsche bnk$ laundering. Jr tower mtg RU.  Kush backchannel. Fb/Cambridge An. Seychelles.  E. Prince. Mayflower hotel. Broidy. M. Cohen. Prague.  trump’s a traitor &laundering mobster!!
But there is nothing there. And don’t forget Hillary... Right. #IndictThemAll #ResignTrump

'The most over-aggressive policing I've ever seen': Reporters at Georgia Trumpian Neo-Nazi rally document cops brutalizing counter-protestors over bandanas https://www.rawstory.com/?p=1261731  via rawstory
No just the opposite actually. If your not guilty your not concerned at all. I think it’s telling you thought Melania might think it was true. But then again you barebacked a porn star. #PutinsHookers #PutinsPuppet

It’s funny that Trump retweeted this, when it describes his own party failing to support him.
the r's assume everybody gets it.... they don't sell well, they don't campaign well, they don't, at this point, govern well.
Flynn colluded.
Manafort colluded.
Don Jr. colluded.
Kushner colluded.
Page colluded.
Papawhateveropolis colluded.
Pence colluded.
Stone colluded.
Gates colluded.
They were on on Trump's team, which means #TrumpConspired against the US.
You are way off but its fun to look at how you are all so worried about our serial adulterer in chief.
Agree to disagree.

Trump asked Comey to prove a negative. Can you prove you have never had sex with a Russian prostitute? What response would YOU expect if you asked the FBI director to prove that you had not?



They just don't get it. This is what happens when you have a pea-size brain. #LiberalLogic
It blows my mind d amount of liberal ignorance&stupidity floatingon these “blue” tweet chains—when will these dumfuk liberals stop &go look at their paychecks&401ks? So brainwashed, gaslit, indoctrinated it CRAZY what #MSM has done

#MAGA #KAG & 4the love oGod
#WakeUpAmerica 
Exactly there is a scripture in the bible that describes the #LiberalLogic #Liberal& Hate for #TRUTH Roman's 1:28
That is because the GOP is full of weak minded politicians with no core values or convictions other than maintaining their power and seats. They care about nothing except themselves. They consistently sellout the conservatives who vote for them.
The GOP died long ago now the all slugging throughhe swamp. Only ones with any integrity are the ones who had it when they got there and haven't been there long. Love all the deserters...like the movie GET OUT!!!
A prominent Conservative should form a national Conservative party built on the core principles of the literal Constitution, individual responsibility, religious freedom, limited government and taxation, and a focus on America and Americans first.

And the anti-christ.
You also don’t need to lawyer up some more if you are innocent .
This is my new favorite thing...
Are you suggesting Mueller can be bought?
The memos also confirm that Trump lied to Comey when he said he didn’t stay overnight in Moscow for the pageant. His own bodyguard said he did during a hearing and flight records show he did as well.

Liar.  If I was accused of something but not guilty, I’d say the hooker part is not true lay it to rest.  Besides Trump is a germaphobe.. that part doesn’t even make sense.  All Smears and Lies, you guys are so desperate.
Trump did try to obstruct the investigation.  He's done it dozens and dozens of times. It's outrageous.
https://youtu.be/-GPrGtZgG6o  #RT #TheOhioPlayersProject #BIOPIC #filmmaker #Director #DigitalMarketing #viralvideo #moviesanywhere #MovieReview #producerlife #music #CASTING #castingcouch #casting #netflix
Ahh...The Daily Mail. Makes sense to me now. You, David Martosko, and your opinions are irrelevant.
Who would have thought that treason would be so popular with right wing fuckwads?

Yeah, a lot of presidents have had to ask for investigations to prove they didn't consort wit hookers...
Well David Martosko you DO ask someone to "investigate" something after you've made it clear you expect complete "loyalty" and you want the issue laid to rest. In other words...check it out and tell people there's nothing to see here folks..just move on.
We'll find out eventually 
You'd have to be MONUMENTALLY dumb to do something like that...
It's scary that people not only heard this idiot during the campaign but that they continue to think he's brilliant.
It's also pretty sickening that the Dr who cleared him physically, and mentally, as fit for the job, gets a monster promotion just weeks later, and NOBODY has said anything. Absolutely the most corrupt 'presidency' ever.
I'm sickened by the GOPs inaction. I knew they were crooked but this is treason and they don't GAF!
then why is he fighting Mueller so hard??? WHY would he want to fire Mueller?? IF Spanky is innocent, mueller investigation will show that he is. If a person is innocent, they don't act like trump has, actions speak louder than words.
Wrong. You wanted to know if there was any credible or visual  evidence of what you knew you had done. You know your guilt and wanted to know if the FBI knew it too.

When you can't smile with your *husband* at his own inauguration, but you can FINALLY smile while seated next to a REAL classy dude. 

…
LOOOOOL

What’s more astonishing is a President of the United States would even have to ask to have such a disgusting thing investigated in the first place!  He should never have been elected!!!  Total embarrassment!
And?


Michael Cohen famously said 'I'd take a bullet for Donald Trump.' Well, now that he's looking at prison time, we'll see if he's willing to take a dick. 
Trump asked Comey to disprove the charge. That's a lot different than asking him to investigate.
With the exception of the fact that Donald J. Trump Jr was given hacked emails by a Russian lawyer. He was advised that he’d committed a felony, so he went through his friend, Julian Assange, for plausible deniability. He declined a similar offer on July 11, 2017.
Blessed Lord, help us say good-bye to SHY jr. too.

This is the last person the "president" should be retweeting

"Martosko is better known for what might be called gonzo-journalism-meets-tabloid-sensationalism"
Most of the GOP probably voted for Crooked Hillary. President Trump is under siege from all sides. I’m loving the resignations. #MAGA #KAG2020
Obama the great makes melania smile again
Reminiscing.
Deplorable Idjuts!
Yep moron. I’m sure he is broken, wishing that he never ran for President. his care free life is over. None of this would have happened. He might not even live long enough to get through all the cases and charges against him.
True. Especially if he keeps rage-tweeting like this.

You just know his bp shoots up like crazy when he does this shit.

And for what? It only makes him look that much more guilty.

Innocent people do NOT act this way.

He's guilty AND stupid.
So true. He goes to bed hating and wakes up hating because he isn’t in the Apprentice fantasy anymore. He really is delusional . His blood calcium level months ago was 133 before all this. He’s a disaster now. His family should step in totake care of him,sadly they don’t care
But yet invading our election and power grid is not look into or like he said "Trump believes Putin" All intel agency's say that Russia is doing this and Trump believes Putin.
The reason they can't pin an obstruction Charge on Trump is there are no witnesses in the campaign that had anything to do with stuff that didn't happen. You can't pay hush money to cover up a crime that didn't happen.
Half of the Republicans in House and Senate see Trump as a threat to their gravy train and would be happy to see him impeached for fake story.
David... for a moment imagine Hillary won with help of the Russians. Her daughter met with Russian and needed an interpreter. Her National Security Adviser was over heard by CIA talking to Russian then lying to FBI about the call. Would you be ok with that?
Leave investigatons alone - IF YOU ARE INNOCENT OF ANYTHING.. But, it is pretty clear by your actions - you ARE HIDING SOMETHING,.
Nobody claimed the memos had anything to do with collusion,  now obstruction is a different matter. #basta


Speaking of leaks...
Nice RT by @realDonaldTrump, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't mean what he thinks it does.
Someone might want to take away the stable genius's phone.

Yep, you can SAY anything.  It doesn't make it true

Why would @realDonaldTrump need them to investigate if he knew it wasn't true? He was fishing to see what the FBI knew.

Who would ever think he would cheat?

#TrumpRussiaConspiracy #MoronTrump #MoronTrumpTrain #MuellerIsComing
You'd have to be MONUMENTALLY dumb to do something like that...
Exactly right. You'd have to be MONUMENTALLY dumb to do something like that...
Yeah, there was NO COLLUSION: that's why Trump can't find ONE lawyer to represent him in #TrumpRussia #ObstructionOfJustice. That's why BOTH of Trump's personal lawyers, Cohen & Jay Sekulow Down, are being investigated & Cohen's offices RAIDED BY THE FBI.

Hah. That's funny. He asked for a cover-up, not an investigation. #watergateredux

Wow, you found the two things Trump did that "you don't do if you're guilty", but missed the 5,398 things you DO do if you're guilty  Keep trying to misguide the public, Heinrich Himmler.
And he wants nothing more than to stop that very investigation.
"The memos confirm Trump asked Comey to investigate and cover up the Russian hookers stuff, which is something you do if you are guilty."

There, fixed it for you.
A President retweeting about himself with prostitutes.
Classy guy.
It sure sounded like Trump wanted Comey to see if there WAS an incriminating tape so Trump would have asked Comey to help with a back up alibi out of 'loyalty.' You give Trump way too much credit in the ethics & morals department. Trump's a cheater & sneak. His history says so.
I’m astonished that #Trump & #Putin even discussed which country has the most beautiful #hookers ... #swampscum very unpresidential .. but we all know @GOP is the party of #adulterers #GangOfPerverts
Bollocks
#TrustTheProcess #trust #TrustThePlan #TrustGod #TheGreatAwakening #TheStorm  #MOAB incoming #QAnon # #TrumpsArmy #MAGA  #8Chan
The memos support Comey dummy. He has been consistent all along. tRump continually tries to obstruct justice. And oh yeah...Cohen is gonna flip
I’m astounded at the lack of Republican messaging on the complete lack of concern Trump showed in regards to Russian interference.  The memos confirm he had no interest in Nat Sec matters, only personal spin. That’s not something you do if innocent.
You'd have to be MONUMENTALLY dumb to do something like that...
Hard to believe this man is actually the president of the US. He can't even answer a very simple question. Have never seen anyone repeat themselves as much as he does. It's absurd he thinks himself to be a genius. Doubt his IQ is into the triple digits.
He fights the collusion investigation daily ... so what your saying is.... on collusion he does appear guilty 

That is because the GOP Elite are disappointed! They never wanted Trump for President and do nothing to support him. Amazing he accomplishes what he does!
Is the President supposed to tell the FBI what to investigate?

So you're saying the memos confirm the collusion..
That's because Trump conspired.

#TrumpRussiaConspiracy 

#PutinPuppet


#ReTweet:  if you want
@realDonaldTrump to keep
bypassing the #FakeNews &
talking to us directly through…
Somebody #AlertTheDaycareStaff poor #Spanky is so desperate for attention he’s retweeting comments that bring attention to his Russian Hooker’s problem !  He’s unhinged.

The @GOP members aren’t messaging like you ..... 
because they would look just like you do ..... BELOW 
Oh no, no collusion... (sarcasm detector explodes).

A Five Chapter Trump-Russia Saga
From Russia With Context: Everything You Need To Know About Trump-Russia

Except you’re ignoring the fact that trump had a fixer and fixers need to know what to fix. @realDonaldTrump wasn’t looking into his innocence if he wanted to he would have cooperated a long time ago. He wanted to know what he needed to bury. Hence asking Comey for loyalty to him
Now #DumbassDonnie is RTing “journalists” from the fckin dailymail? Wow. This guy is about as desperate as it gets.
Those without God fall for the lies of the deceiver trump
it's not collusion - it's conspiracy.  done by traitors. traitors, liars, con men, crooks.
Trump ass-kisser says what?
If you're @POTUS & you know the Russian hookers stuff is false, why would you direct the FBI to investigate it?   The only reason to even broach the subject is to see if the FBI is already holding information which confirms it's true.
No,it’s what you do to cover up something.
Definitely more asked to "Sweep it under the rug" but why let the facts get in the way of a good narrative? That should be the official GOP motto, come to think of it.
Trump demanded loyalty from Comey like any mob boss would. He needed a fixer in the inside, he had Cohen on the outside. Comey wouldn't take the bait. Therefore, fired.
Unfortunately, Republicans aren't great at messaging.
For someone not guilty, you guys are sure trying really hard to prove you’re not. Could it be because the evidence says you are guilty?
Many People believe that Spanky was trying to convince Comey that there were no hookers and lied to him about spending a night in Moscow.  He asked Comey to prove it wasn't true, not to find out the truth.  Truth is not Spanky's strongest suit.
The memos confirm trump's fixation on the fact.  They confirm he wanted it to go away.
Why are you worried about Cohen flipping...   if you aren’t guilty there shouldn’t be anything to flip from...but we all know there is....as do you...
RICO
I am amazed by Trumps cold heart. He has no remorse for anything he does including the Hookers. He continues to hurt people with no remorse. He continues to lie and try to deceive Americans.
Wrong. If he wasn't guilty he wouldn't be obsessed with this and any real man would have been with his wife, even if just in a support role, by her side at a former first lady's funeral, so I call #Bullshit
Huh? Did you really mean to post a tweet that "collision" should be investigated just as you asked Comey to investigate & end the prostitute story. I think most of America agrees with you then - let Mueller finish the investigation
Ah, the good ole days.




Dear Lord!  What a positively PATHETIC attempt at a defense!!
It almost makes me feel sorry for Trump, it's so pathetic (& I'm not a Trump supporter). 

If THIS is the best you can do Donald, you might as well give up now.  Honestly.

Cc: @WhiteHouse @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
Please turn in your credentials. Are you this gullible ?

@GOP @GOPChairwoman
Umm...he's trying to STOP the collusion investigation and failed to continue what Obama started with the investigation into their interference...

There should be a naked picture of Ivanka on the screen

Martosko describes himself as a "word geek."  What the hell does he think of your astonishingly poor writing skills?
Maybe.  Maybe he just likes words, doesn't care how they're strung together.


Comrade trump: what can you do about or incresing gas prices? Or do you or one of your friends have a bunch of money in oil?
Except for the fact that Trump did collude with Russia.

Also, you’re a bad liar!
“WAH! Everybody is SO MEAN TO ME!
I collided with Russia to steal the election and now I’m going to jail?
VEWY UNFAIOO!
Thank Satan I have @gop sycophants like @dmartosko to lie on my behalf!
Thanks liars!”
- #crybabyTrump
Best retweet of the weekend!!! It says sooo much lol  
I guess as long as he said he didn't do it...ROFL!

Wacko!
Really! Comey can't even keep his story straight, his so called memos are a joke, and as far as we know he could have wrote them after his firing! No one has seen the original copies other than the NYT.
As if Mueller is sharing the results of his investigation with the GOP. #morons
Of course a guilty person would ask what he thinks is his personal investigators to look into this matter. It is because if they find something he would say it is classified and he could perhaps get the tapes back.

#TrumpLies
I think you are making a false assumption. Fact, the Russians DID interfere with our Presidential election, and there certainly was collusion. Ignore it all you want or lie and say it didn;t happen, but facts do not lie.
#ABC #CBS #NBC #CNBC #CNN #MSNBC #OrwellianMMoA v eclectic voices of #FNC #FBN #OAN & @POTUS' tweets.  Are @GOPChairwoman 's spokespeople allowed time to participate by #MSM? Should Prez interrupt regularly scheduled programming to make points? He could.
I'm astonished at the lack of Republican messaging today about one thing in particular: The memos confirm Trump asked Comey to investigate and lay to rest the Russian hookers stuff, which is something you don't do if you're guilty.

It depends if you're asking with emphasis on the "investigate" part or on the "lay to rest" part. So dumb of Trump to keep reminding us of us his wee problems.
Bottom line is comey used the fake phony Russian Dossier that was not verified and even he doesn't believe it happened,but that's what they used for the fisa court.. Comey is a slimeball

truth out. It's all out there don.  #TrumpRussia 
Yes
The swamp has contaminated 100 square miles of Washington D.C..

Both parties are corrupt and 45 knows it.

They live and breathe because of their donors.

45 is a free man. He isn't taking a salary.

#MAGA 

#KAG
It's EXACTLY what you do if you're playing CYA.
Why do you lie about easily disproven things? Like spending the night in Russia? You gave an interview the day after the pageant... IN RUSSIA
Oh, that is a lovely spin. That's exactly what one does when one is guilty. 

When you're innocent, you don't talk about an investigation at all.

#MuellerTime
Ummm you can’t investigate something that’s not there. That’s what You claim, so why would you ask Comey to investigate something that doesn’t exist? unless you wanted Comey to destroy the evidence. 

Your point has many holes & it makes zero sense

The pee tape exists
He hasn't asked ANYONE to investigate Russian interference in our elections. By your rationale, he's guilty. Welcome to the American team that hates traitors more than a rival political party.
Flynn, Papadop, Gates, Van der Zwann:Flipped. Manafort: indicted. 13RU+3entities: indicted. Deutsche bnk$ laundering. Jr tower mtg RU.  Kush backchannel. Fb/Cambridge An. Seychelles.  E. Prince. Mayflower hotel. Broidy. M. Cohen. Prague.  trump’s a traitor &laundering mobster.
When the president of the United States is too stupid to realize what he’s retweeting 
You know who doesn't obsess over his pee-pee tape? A guy who doesn't have a pee-pee tape....
It's because "The Republicans" want him to fail, too.
#DrainTheSwamp
The memoes also show that either Trump or his body guard is lying about where Trump spent the night after that 2013 beauty pageant. The body guard was under oath.
Frankly, it’s hysterically obtuse (and desperate) that this is being touted by anyone as being positive for Trump. It confirms Comey’s prior statements.
Uh, what world do you live in dude.
Like laying to rest the Flynn investigation? Where did you study logic?
Why would someone waste their time or the FBI’s time asking them to investigate prostitutes peeing in Moscow if they didn’t have a reason? If it wasn’t true then there’s nothing to look at. No one would even request such nonsense so...... why did DT?

#DrZaibKhan: #DNC has become a joke, Mr President!
Trying to use the power of the office of the POTUS to pressure the FBI Director to clear Trump of sleazy behavior,...sounds like an abuse of power.

And nobody thinks Trump is above paying for sex.
You also don’t ask OUR TAXPAYER @FBI to do PERSONAL BULLSHIT, especially if it’s not true  my god you people are so stupid trying to spin this.
This the only tweet you read? How about the one supporting Maggie Haberman? Miss that one , did ya?
ALL thePeople whether vociferous or not are “sick&tired of being sick&tired going down theMANY Rabbit holes made byTrump. While U “Covfefe=look over there” he & his #TrumpMafiaFamily CONTINUE 2STEAL Taxpayer$$$ for over 3DECADES.  @TomSteyer @davidjtrone @Comey
No, the Memos show that the president asked Comey to get to the bottom of the #peepeetape.
I'm astonished that people don't remember how long ago we knew of this, and how many obediently disbelieve everything that the DEMonS tell them to not believe.

It's NOT Déjà vu. 
A Great Deal of the 'news' 'breaking' now IS OLD NEWS.
Actually, his obsession with it does nothing of the sort.  Trump has proven to lie and try to mislead and divert attention away from the truth constantly.  You are making the assumption Trump never lies?
Pardon Assange Mr.President.
#McCabeIsComey


Innocent people do not say investigate. "Go investigate that thing that never happened." And there absolutely was collusion and you all know it. That's what the extreme Trump panic and insane tweets are about.
You kidding bro? Not hiding the S the Kardashians did made them like a half billion! Why don't you comment on S in England that mb you know. Mb not. Else we'll not bail you all out a third time when your Europeans start fighting each other again like you've been doing forever!
Joey the #asskisser isn’t going to like this. The #asskisser has been trying to get retweeted by the #dotard for a year now
Well if yer a small-handed perv w/ a fetish for your daughter & yer buddy vladdy has you by the balls &not lovingly, you’ll do anything to divert attention....
What is it with this media obsession with Russian hookers, Playboy centerfolds, and porn actors?
@dmartosko get off twitter and go pack for the mental hospital..
Your about to go insane when you hear about N.Korea and what OUR PRESIDENT accomplished.
.
#MAGNA baby.
Do you not even realize that your admitting guilt? Are you really that stupid?

Right .... lol so low IQ
Be specific. Guilty of what? President Flim-Flam Man knows he's on his way out. It's all catching up to him.
Except the same WASN’T said of the collusion stuff. Trump sycophant.
