Moonbeam gots to go!
President Trump and patriots like @RealCandaceO are changing America... for the good!
We must reinstall the Rule of Law back into America.  Patience Patriots, Trump and his supporters are on the RIGHT side of history!
I seriously doubt that history will not be kind to Trump and like Sara the press secretary y'all going to look stupid as she did yesterday 
She schooled April!
An anti Establishment President is working out very well for the USA & is an example of what someone who hasn't been a career politician can achieve.
Absolutely nothing but chaos and a shit ton of federal investigations? Yep hes doing the most there. That's for sure
hes bringing jobs, returning manufacturing from China, that's what counts to most ordinary people, the ability to earn a living so they can provide for their families
So I looks like Republican economic cause people to be and stay poor and cause they highest number of welfare recipients. Funny how that works.
We will see, as is often said time will tell
It already has. The stock market has dropped almost 3000 points since trump took office. That's fucking terrible.
oh are you still there I thought you had jogged on.
Yea I'm jogging right to your country as we speak to tell you all about shit I have no clue about becuase I dont live there. Ya know kinda like they stupid shit your trying to do now.
Thanks Obama!




How can anyone believe anything at all you type here? Apart from a few braindead cult followers the country is onto your BS slight of tiny hand act.
I mean, he’s stating a fact, so yeah, I’ll believe him even if i’m not his supporter. Kinda braindead to just think everything he’ll say is a lie
#MAGA 
#AmericaFirst 
#hireamerican
#demandingfairness 
Stop #H1B #L1 #L2 #EB #OPT #TN 
Revoke #H4EAD

STORMIE WILL TAKE YOU DOWN!
Dear President, believe me! You are doing a great job  for your country and Americans must feel proud that they have president like you as you are one of the greatest person and chosen by God for bringing a real change in the world. We are praying for your peace and happiness
You are welcome to have him.  Not sure if the First Lady will be welcome in Pakistan though given her colorful past.
This will be honor of us if we have US President @realDonaldTrump among us. This is my belief that only @realDonaldTrump can give defeat to terrorism, a justification being used for war in this region and whole world.I think this is possible Trump may announce for peace for world
I'll just leave it here for you.
V I R T U E  S I G N A L

Trump said that after we allowed someone in who was a Muslim and committed the (up to date) worst mass shooting in this country.

Clinton, on the other hand, had the shooters father who openly expressed his hatred of gays, sit behind her at a rally.
And BTW, what did Trump say about home grown white radical terrorists? Besides calling them very fine people of course.
What white terrorist? You mean Charlottesville? Because 1) they weren’t white radicals. And 2)  one of the head organizers is black.
Try again.
Las Vegas concert, Texas church, Parkland high school, Tennessee Waffle House.  Which of these fine gentlemen was an immigrant?
If that is true (30% probability based on your track record), name one single thing you did to cause it?  I’ll wait. You’re unhinged.
No one believes anything you say
Thanks Obama

Lol
Facts.
Liberals don't deal in facts....only LIES!
The world knows everything TRUMPSTERS say, do, and think is project, lie and repeat conspiracy bullchit. Just like Trump.
Resign. You're humiliating and useless.
He is clearing the swamp of Republicans.
Trump is a legend
Agree and like this 
Always trump

So gullible.
Yes, you are.
What evidence is there?
That you're gullible? well that's obvious, you support Trump.
MAGA!!
Double Thanks to a recovering WORLD economy.
Check your facts before making such a statement. We are heading for a time of inflation. Check it out.
Oh, I am well aware of that.  Putting 1 trillion $ of debt at top of an economic cycle will do this.  My point is that the entire world economy RECENTLY had nothing to do with Trumper.
"entire world economy expanding recently" according to my weekly survey of Economist economic data.
well no thanks to you
Need stats ! Donald ! Figures to study !
I am a fact checker !
You're going to prison, nanny nanny boo boo!
GET MORE TORCHES IMPEACH THEN JAIL
impeach Rosenstein
Thank you President Obama
Donald Trump aka Fox and Friends parrot.

#ThanksObama
With appreciation President Trump!
#ThanksObama Soon #GOPtaxscam #TrumpTaxScam Will Be SCREWING Poor Middle Class Vets Elderly Handicap Babies and Kids Prostitutes Who Sold American's Out for DONOR'S NRA PUTIN TRUMP KOCH BROTHERS Republicans Trump Want HUGE CUTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICAID #VoteThemOut
Thanks Obama!
Trump, Feb. 9: Don’t believe those phony numbers, when you hear 4.9 and 5% unemployment.
The number’s probably 28. In fact, I even heard recently 42%. Do you think we’d have gatherings like this if we had, if we had 5% unemployment, do you really think we’d have these gatherings?

Been dropping for tears
Thanks Obama for leaving our economy in such great condition so Donnie can pat himself on the back no less than 3 times per week as a distraction to his lies!
#TrumpLiesMatter
You know he got your videos I can’t wait for it to be released very soon i’m for you to be released from the White House or more like fired

Oh do you ever stop lying
Because jobs?  That doesn’t even mean anything
Jobs are doing well? What the fuck does that even mean?
It means that more people are working again...ya know, the labor force!
Unfortunately, not completely a good thing. Job participation rate isn't great, unemployment benefits lapsed for many. Removal of Dodd Frank leash would have helped
Labor participation rate hasn’t changed significantly in 9 years.
O.k. lying DON.
You on the toilet?
#TrumpForNobelPeacePrize
So, Obama’s deficit spending and expansion of social welfare benefits was great.  You can’t possibly be taking any credit because the one piece of legislation you actually pushed through (and by you I mean Paul Ryan) hasn’t even gone into effect yet.
Clueless!  Take a walk through the streets of America to see how citizens are suffering.  Americans need a livable wage, healthcare, fair housing, and so much more.  We don’t need this Administrations plans which benefit the wealthy.
Still can’t get hired

Single handedly ruining grammar for everybody
And your business is manufacturing in the USA again? Yeah, thought so. Nothing but a hypocrite that's full of bullshit!
Thank you President Obama! The World and Americans miss you.
3.9%.  Good numbers coming in...
2) 80+months of positive jobs creation starting with Obama. For the last 2 months Con Man Trump has failed 2 meet job expectations.Expected job creation 4 Apr. was 195,000, actual 164,000. Also, wages R not going up. So much for being the job's president. Guffaw, guffaw, guffaw
There is a big difference between being employed and simply not receiving unemployment payments. You don't quite understand how any of this works. Businesses are closing, or laying off; and you're patting yourself on the back. #TrumpIsAMoron
New first time unemployment applications increased by 2000 last month. The first uptick in years. In April last year 211,000 jobs were created (lower than the previous year. Right after you tweeted this BS, your administration released job growth numbers of 164,000, liar!
It says previous at 135K?
Yes, and? That’s the preliminary number. It usually gets revised upward once the final report comes out.
The jobless rate and unemployment is going down because there is no one to fill jobs. This is what happens when people are fleeing the country. No workers = no unemployment claims = the fleeing of America. Check the census.
Good, let Patriotic Americans enjoy  a booming economy, better security and more freedom. Don’t let the door smack you on the a$$ on your way out!
You're the best Prez ever!!

Lol!
Thank you Obama
Do some work, dammit!
Thanks Obama
Inflation is rising. People are having to work two or more jobs to make ends meet because wages are stagnant. Taxes are rising for the middle class. Unemployment is not "aid"--workers pay into unemployment funds so they have a safety net in the event of lay offs.
You’re a liar . PBO had us on a steady and solid recovery . You will destroy it like you do everything else .

What about those rising gas prices and tariffs that we are now being retaliated after for ! You never were a good businessman. You’re a narcissistic con man.

Trump will be bragging about unemployment rate hitting 3.9% -the reality is the economy is slowing. In April economists expected 195,000 jobs but only added 165k. The job participation rate dropped from last month to this month meaning more people have given up looking for jobs.
The drop in unemployment rates doesn't include those dropped due to their unemployment running out either!
Thanks to Obama
Thank you President @BarackObama for brining this country back from the brink of economic ruin, and leading us to better times. The foundation that you laid out is still being carried out by Trump.
You're killing it more & more everyday day. Thank You so much for all of the hard work making America Great Again
2) of positive jobs creation starting with Obama. For the last 2 months Con Man Trump has failed to meet job expectations. Also, wages R not going up. So much for being the job's president.  And you have been delusional for how long?
You're so full of shit, Massive job loss this year because of your trade war idiot idea.. tariffs, ugg
God is good! All the time!
Except when he’s not. Then it’s free will. Like with Hurricanes and Earthquakes 
God doesn't send bad things to good people, Sir. Scripture teaches Satan controls weather. God gave him that power when HE named satan- prince & power of the air! That's why prayer is vital. We have the tools, thru prayer, to ask God to supersede, take control in these situations
Thank you for bringing Jobs back… now we just need Hope and Cash!!!
1) But he hasn't, shug. In Obama's last 15 mons in office he created OVER 3.1 million jobs in comparison Rex Moron's first 15 mons in office where he created ALMOST 2.8 million jobs, a difference of OVER 300,000 jobs. In addition, TRex Moron lost 33,000 jobs in Sept. 2017 after
Who the heck is Rex Moron…?
It should have read TRex Moron. Thanks for catching the omission, sweet pea.
OBAMA reversed our economy's free fall and reduced the Unemployment Rate from 10.0% in 2009 to 4.8% when you took office. It has simply continued to follow along that path to 3.9% today. It's called MOMENTUM. #ThanksObama
People - Cheeto has cut back so much on unemployment that fewer people are eligible. Doesn't have a damn thing with the supposed millions of people going back to work. Don't drink the Kool Aide people...
Thank you, President Trump.
The United States will be strong again! We must thoroughly sanction the CCP’s evil dictatorship!
You didn't build that, Spanky.
You'll never eclipse Obama. Ur a tiny, tiny man Donnie. Ur intellectually unqualified 2 lead. Ur incompetent & inept. Ur an international laughing-stock & embarrassment! SC Mueller & NYAG Schneiderman r close. Indictments dropping soon! Who's next? U R! Resign now! #Muellertrain
Didn’t you say the unemployment numbers were all made up?
...again, Thank You Mr. President, I don't think you hear that enough....
Thank Obama from saving us from the recession AND starting the job growth.

Also keep in mind, salaries have frozen.

#WorstPresidentEver
What’s your source for this statement?
Considering the fact that you always point your finger at news outlets for not naming sources, why are you posting a statement about jobs and unemployment without a source? Where did you hear this? On Fox and Friends? Did you do a fact-check? Did you compare with a second source?
In 1973, Nixon was on his way out the door of the WH for far less egregious crimes than yours. He resigned a year later. Please do the same. We can wait a year.
We *can’t* wait a year.
I know. But that’s probably how long it will take to force his resignation. I’m trying to be realistic.
Some days I worry we can’t even wait until November for the hope that a blue wave will overtake this country (especially the House and senate).
Yes, it’s stressful and overwhelming. Practically every hour, there are new reports about his corruption and lies.  But it will play out, even though too slowly, and he won’t serve his whole first term. Patience!!

Stop taking credit for an economy that's been improving for years. Tax handouts to the wealthy weren't necessary as Bloomberg News, Buffett and other Business news Sources (Not Wacky Liberals) Pointed out.
You are amazing!
Congratulations........................... .....
Not true, 1973?? Where'd you get that , fox again??
''GREAT JOB WITH UNEMPLOYMENT ''' BUT AMERICANS ARE FEELING THE HEAT WHEN IT BECOMES ****GAS PRICES***** SKY-ROCKING!!! CAN YOU DO SOMETHING WITH THESE COMPANIES CHARGING WAY TOO MUCH FOR GAS????? THOSE GAS PRICES ARE WAY TOO HIGH!! WITH YOUR TAX CUTS-- I CAN NOT UNDERSTAND IT?
Thanks Obama.  When will you put out a Jobs Bill and stop trying to steal Obama’s Economy.


I am so proud to have  President for the American people and not a puppet of the Deep State. Thank you Mr President, no words can express how grateful I am. May God continue to protect you, your family and all who are working with you. We are behind you! #MAGA, #WWG1WGA ,#QAnon
And yet there is still the largest disparity in wealth distribution due to republican cuts in education and taxes for the corporations.
Yeah, okay .. Sure! 
Because You stupid, your tweet ungrammatical and embarrassing.
Because the Veterans Administration is NOT doing well, American Hero's are dying while they wait for the longest treatment and benefits times since 1947. SHAMEFUL
#FIXITNOW
Thank you.#MAGA #QAnon
Great job President Trump!
Thousands of homeless people in Oregon and Washington state . There not paying enough to get people off the streets . The economy has not recovered, gas is headed for a all time high.

Americans receiving unemployment benefits is low because so many have exhausted their benefits and are no longer counted.

This is the main reason right here!!!
2)  TRex Moron, U,  lost 33,000 jobs in Sept. 2017 after 80+ months of positive jobs creation starting with Obama. For the last 2 months Con Man Trump, U,  have failed 2 meet job expectations. Also, wages R not going up. So much 4 being the job's president. Guffaw, guffaw, guffaw
Thanks @BarackObama!
Ah, if only more people (maybe even the POTUS), understood basic economics.
Just because its low, means nothing. There could be plenty who have lost their unemployment and still don't have jobs. #resign
..and the wages still suck. Meanwhile, Republicans said their tax scam bill would go to workers. Instead, it’s going to Wall Street.
still don't get this shit I mean this damn government has never gotten it! Let's try this AGAIN (I need to get some damn props!) When an unemployed person's unemployment benefits run out (that means no more checks from Gov) they R no longer counted but their still unemployed!!!!!
yes folks this is how stupid this dude really is! he needs props cause he sure don't like to hear anyone but himself talk! and he sure as hell does not like to read.. And fox & friends cartoon R  just as dumb as he is...
Thank you #PresidentTrump for saving our country from the #LiberalLunatics trying to destroy it God bless the #USA and God bless #PresidentTrump
Why should we give people welfare unless they taxes to live here? Elderly, disabled and Veterans should be the only ones receiving aid! America First! American Patriots love you President Trump! We will never stop fighting to #MAGA
I wish Mueller was unemployed. He deserves to be. So does Sessions who should be all over this witch-hunt with every tool instead of snoozing between periods of spectator participation.
Are you counting people that fell off the unemployment roles having used up their benefits? Of course not. Why be honest? You're the president. You're not expected to tell the truth. We know this.
Thanks Obama!
So you did pay the $130k to Stormy Daniel, through your ‘fixer’ lawyer, Michael Cohen? You can deny it all you want, but Mueller knows the answers! Relieve yourself of your illegal duties, and RESIGN!
This is #Winning 
Thank you @POTUS 
#MAGA #GreatAwakening
Unfortunately, we're paying unemployment insurance to all those people who left your administration and can't get a job.
Thanks Obama!
This is why credibility matters, because I honestly don't believe any information that comes from this adminstration. When you lie so much, people don't believe you when you might be telling the truth. I don't believe you! You have to stop the lying and the name calling, please!
Most gave up. Bruh
Lies again you think everything is your doing,WRONG
You shold be in jail and Giuliani in an institution getting his diaper changed
No wage growth . What sectors are the jobs in ?
The shittiest of course.
Nixon is laughing right now saying "And you thought I was a crook? This guy makes me look like a saint! " 
And the wealthy receiving a tax break while the rest of us eat soup is also "Great"...for the wealthy.
Wage growth nil. Labor participation rate still low
Gasoline prices are $2.98 in Missouri.  All your crappy $10.00/hr. is not going to help pay the rising costs of fuel and food.  Bragging about $10.00/hr. jobs is nothing to brag about asshole.
No not 1973. The lowest since 2000. Your sharing untruths again!!!
The year the deep state created the oil crisis after taking us off the gold reserve. Ironic?
You're a joke and an #embarrasment #ashamed
actually since so many 50 year olds have been unemployed for a decade they have fallen off the stats
Get used to scenarios like this #DonTheCon because soon it will be your norm!!  P.S. in case you're unsure you'll be the "bitch".   @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
We are grateful that Obama and the Fed got us out of the Great Recession.  Steady improvements since.
#MuellerIsClosingIn

Guess it would be a good time to release your tax returns
Why did Comey write exoneration letter 2 mos prior to interview of HRC

Why did 33k SUBPOENAED emails get deleted & FBI did nothing

Why has DNC not allowed ONE GOVT agency to inspect "hacked server"

Why did Assange say Seth Rich gave him DNC files. Why no MSM coverage

#QAnon
Meanwhile, China has cancelled 62K metric tons of US soybeans witin the last 2 weeks. They’re buying more from other countries. Does anyone seriously believe that someone who can’t even arrange a payoff to a porn star has the chops to “win” a trade war with China?
This is why the Soros alinsky mafia is so desperate to get rid of you, you are fixing the country and disrupting their criminal racket.... keep it up, we have your back, physically if necessary.

I wish I could believe you but something tells me the numbers are rigged by you and your stooges! No credibility in your office!
That's probably because the Temporary Emergency Unemployment Compensation (EUC), which provided federal benefits for up to 99 weeks, has now expired and is not longer available. Unemployed Americans receive benefits from the state in which they reside. https://www.cbpp.org/sites/default/files/atoms/files/policybasics-uiweeks.pdf …
When out of work I refuse to collect unemployment anymore.  It ends up harming.  Forced into retrain once & cost me $50,000 ... IRS closed fake school ... left me in debt .... unable to pay.  Just wanted to collect during relocation.  Rules changed.  Screwed by system.
Glad those Obama policies, which have caused unemployment to trend down for years, worked! Thanks Obama!
*jobs
So true!
When Obama was in office, you and your cronies claimed it was because people stopped claiming unemployment, because they gave up.
Ah, but homelessness is at an all time high!
Job growth tanked last month doofus.

Get ready for the eventual downtown cycle he will completely ignore. It is every bit like the stock market in that regard.
Jobs, jobs everywhere!!!!
You are sick and need help

Fun Fact: that number gives you the new application numbers. It doesn't include those who didn't qualify for unemployment or those whose benefits ran out. Got it? I know you count on the "under educated" but smart people out number them.
Unstoppable #TrumpEFFECT! #MakingAmericaGreatAgain
Thanks Obama
You are a disgrace
Its Unemployment, and it's Insurance, not Aid.

You want to talk about something that is the lowest since 1973, start with the Respect for the office of the President.  
You beat Nixon!!!

Congratulations, you are the First at being the Worst.
Since 2000, not 1973. Is there a chance in hell that you will one day speak the truth? Probably not. None of us believe a word you or @PressSec Slanders has to say. Liars all the way! Nothing that comes out of your mouths is truth. Nothing. @POTUS
Unemployment is only so low because hundreds of thousands are leaving the workforce as they can't find jobs and their unemployment benefits expire.
Thanks Obama! By the way he has over 100MM followers
Another testament to The heroic economic recovery efforts of our great President Barack Obama. Thanks Obama!
That's not why and you know it.
Since 2000
Jobs died, man. A few years ago.
Thank you @BarackObama So sad we have a racist sexual predator making a mess of the country now.
Real news NPR just said lowest since 2000. Kinda sounds like you got it just a little wrong again but what else is new.
More tax cuts soon then? @realDonaldTrump, along with the Patriots are changing the whole world!
Great time to be alive!
God and country!
#qanon
1973!  A time of another great president: Richard M Nixon, and I am proud to say Mr Trump is just as great (oops, I mean greater) as Mr Nixon!  #MAGA
So, why aren’t wages doing any better?
That’s great - but how many people are living below the poverty line?
Thank you @BarackObama - your sensible policies continue to work
Thank you President Trump, your policies have kept our factory running and now additional employees are being hired.
The food bank lines have never been longer, except in the Great Depression.
So why are so many jobs closing.?  You are the fake news
Thanks Obama
You are a PROVEN LIAR. I take everything you say with a pound of salt. Strike that, I believe NOTHING you say. #NotMyPresident
and this is because their benefits ran out. Come on you know this... the vast majority cannot participate in building the economy if they have no income.
My Social Security deposit 
actually decreased this year. 

@WhiteHouse @POTUS @VP
Jobs and the rest of Apple  are doing great. Your voters are still waiting for their coal jobs to return.
Our embarrassment is already up spouting out foolishness...what a surprise
You claim that jobs are returning. Where are the sources of these FACTS?  When does the tax cuts benefit us?  You claim this and that. Yet not FACTS to back up the FAKE NEWS YOU report. Please resign and go back to your golf resort on your own dime and not mine ya CROOK.
Thanks, Obama!  You put us on the right path and trajectory.
great fake story
You will be impeached.
Just stop…  #LiarInChief  #ResignNow #MuellerKnows
Thanks @BarackObama!!!
You will be next to collect it leave office please
Thank you President Obama! For turning things around after 2008!  Crooked Donnie don’t mess this up.

Or, they have run out of benefits, your administration has #failed to extend them and they are now living in tent cities under freeway over-passes or in cardboard boxes in alleys. So much winning! #2TimingTrump
LIES
THANK YOU OBAMA!
Thanks Obama!
Yes, and we thank the president responsible for these great numbers. Thank you, @POTUS44! @BarackObama got us back on track, not @POTUS. Don’s stealing credit for work done by his predecessor.
It’s amazing how just being in office can improve job performance; or maybe it has nothing to do with you. 

Thanks Obama!
No this is yet another lie! Jobs aren’t at an all time high, businesses closing all over?! Are you just lumping everyone together? MORE LIES
It is hoped that every American will read a Chinese fable: farmers and snakes. If the United States is a farmer, the CCP is the snake.
Is it 1973 or 2000? You can't make up your mind which lie to tell.
Fake news
Thanks Obama!!
Another lie. Better since 2000, not 1973.
You're all going down!   Your lies are catching up to you.  Where is the outrage from these so called Evangelicals?   I'm pretty sure SDNY has what they need to put Cohen away for a looong time.   Wonder if he'll flip since you can't pardon him for state crimes?
