






President Trump will continue to be as strong and real as you are 




Whoops!1


I hope you disinfected yourself. God knows what kind of contagious disease he may have. He doesn't "suit up" before he plays with his lady friends you know.
Might want a round of penicillin to be safe.
We need a lifetime maximum duration set for  welfare benefits, per u.s. CITIZEN. For example. 24 cumulative months. They can be spread out as needed but once a total of 24 months of a benefit is received, that benefit is permanently exhausted.

Nothing for illegals

#MAGA
So like... people just die after that regardless of mitigating circumstances?
That. Or ...   W O R K
So my brother who is mentally challenged,  had MD, is in a wheelchair & just diagnosed with carcanoid needs to skip the next surgery & find a job?
Exactly. These people have zero compassion.
They have evidently been blessed to never hit hard times. I volunteer at a food co-op. Over half of the people that need help are elderly or disabled on Medicare & social security. They have NOTHING left for money or medicine. Shameful
Because the government took half if what they made during their lives and gave it away.
Isaiah 58:11
The #Lord will guide you continually, And satisfy your #soul in #drought, And #strengthen your #bones; You shall be like a #watered #garden, And like a #spring of #water, whose #waters do not fail.
#GOD is with us #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #JesusHeals  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus is our #Lord #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
And Stormie Daniels
Trump speaks and the world listens.
Does listen means laugh on trump America
Innocent people take the time necessary to clear their names. They don’t pretend that they are too busy to do it as they watch TV for hours every morning, dine with supporters every night and golf ever other day.

Also, put Giuliani on TV more often. Thanks.
Giuliani just cleared him of campaign finance violation.
Trump campaign denies Trump payment to Stormy. Campaign confirms payment to Stormy. Trump denies knowing of payment. Trump confirms payment. Trump denies reimbursing payment. Trump admits reimbursement. You support support every position and deny he lies. Think!
The goal is to drive democrats insane...mission accomplished.
It seems the suggestion to think was a little much for you. Our goal is to make our country better, not to drive someone insane. Who's the real patriot?
Destroying Democrats makes it great.
Presented with factual information to comment on, you reply with juvenile comments that are dangerous to our country. It doesn't drive me crazy and I'm certainly not destroyed. I truly feel sorry for you and pray for you. What would Jesus do?
130,000$$$

Go to bed crazy old man.
And your team in the US just sold you out on @seanhannity !!!! 
Hey did you catch Rudy Giuliani on #Hannity tonight?
I never realized how tiny Rudy's hands were...

My God! It's spreading!
Donnie, It’s time to put away your electronics and get to bed. You’ve got a big day tomorrow. Night night. #DotardDonnie
Stormy Daniels! Stormy Daniels! Stormy Daniels! Stormy Daniels! Stormy Daniels! Stormy Daniels! #StormyDaniels...and Stormy Daniels!  Oh yeah...Stormy Daniels!

#GOP #FoxNews
Toxic Trump and Poisonous Pruitt!
 This prediction is coming true.  
 Protect our Planet! 
Country over Party! Vote Blue! 
Scientists have now said how much Donald Trump is going to destroy the planet
He will be remembered as the toxic President!
How can the DNC sue Russia? The DNC paid for a Russian Dossier, originating from Russia. The Democrats got what they paid for, a lying, propaganda, Russian, Dossier.
The DNC and Hillary paying for a Russian Dossier, this is election tempering. Using this Dossier to get a FISA warrant instead of a regular warrant to smear a presidential candidate, this is civil rights violations and election tempering. The DOJ and FBI are corrupt.
These agencies are not working and protecting each other's crimes. Hillary lied knowingly and intentionally, while under oath, Why did the DOJ refuses the prosecute??? Was it because GOD Comey said I believe no prosecutor could prosecute her.
This is a cover up and protectionism. These agencies are incapable of policing our government. All top supervisor in these agencies must be replace to bring back our integrity, and, "law AND order" to our government.
Trump is a great president
Rudy. Giuliani.
Your buddies on Fox news really blew it tonight. You should call in to your favorite show tomorrow and open up your flood gates.
You screwed it up dumbbell
naive，China will never be your friend，they will cheat you again and again，just like North Korea did，until they dont need to
The only goal politicians have is to get reelected. POTUS is a businessman who knows the art of the deal. Only POTUS can save America. God bless POTUS and God bless America.
D.C., Maryland can proceed with lawsuit alleging Trump violated emoluments clauses
You belong in jail!
President Trump's policies: unemployment rate for women is a 18 years low.

Harry. Who is lying. Trump or Rudy?  Either way Rudy messed up tonight
Pee pee tape.
Giuliani brought the nails for your coffin on Hannity tonight---You must have skid marks on your BIG boy pants.
Just say great. Doucher.
Trying desperately to distract from Rudy Giuliani calling you out, huh?
Somethin got you anxious and up past your bed time, old man?
Nobel Peace Prize
Same team that came up with tax plan and fiscal spending plan and tariff? Tell them to put in a good word for me to our new owners.
HAVE A GOOD TALK
Dear Mr. President,
Please address rising oil prices!  They are getting out of control! 
You will find out why the PROFESSIONALS created the TTP when you begin to understand what China wants and what they can do to our economy.
You are a bull in a China shop - wrecking everything and leaving bullshit on the floor.
How would you rate your "great" relationship with President Xi from 1-10. 1 being the wife you have hidden multiple affairs from and 10 being pornstars youget paid off to hide said affairs?


Thanks Giuliani.....

I love you ! Thank you Mr President 
Do you still have to make Collect Calls from prison?? Asking for a Traitor.. #KrassensteinLive #Resist #Resistance #BlueWave

Trump Nation !!! 
Doing so great #WorstPresidentEver!  Your economic policies are foolish. China won’t buy Soybeans from us anymore. The market slides lower and lower. Businesses Are not investing in growth. Happy now #PutinsPuppet?
Agrimsky, little do you know you are an illuminati puppet
President Obama did not deserve the Nobel Peace Prize.
Geir Lundestad Nobel secretary regrets Obama peace prize
Can any one tell me why Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize? What did he do for world peace? These countries were at war or heading to war, China island building, Syria gassing people, lydia falling, ISIS growing, Russia threatening the Baltics, Somali pirates, N Korea building nukes
President Trump will get the Nobel Peace Prize for ending the Korean war and shutting down North Korea's nuclear programs.
I Nominate Donald J Trump for the Taco Bell Piece Prize.  Every Tuesday Trump is in jail we celebrate with free tacos on Taco Tuesday
We love our President 
Gas prices are going way up!
China just cancelled current and future soybean orders in response to the tariffs screwing every farmer in these states, so much winning
#泛亚 事件，从云昆两级政府到 国家统计局、CCTV、国家商务部、国有16家银行、新华社等战略合作！扛着为国收储旗号抢掠老百姓430个亿，现在想赖账不还钱  #习近平 #彭丽媛 #李克强 #王岐山 #修宪 #鸿茅药酒 #汪洋 #王沪宁 #栗战书 #韩正 #赵乐际 #丁薛祥 #中兴 #华为 #叙利亚

I
Hey where are ALL your MAGAts DEFENDING you????
Do you really have a good relationship? They don't like to be threatened, no one does. It's a bully way you have used in your private dealings that won't work here. Did you notice THEY STOPPED BUYING SOYBEANS? Farmers must be loving you right now, NOT.
特朗普就是一个商人，不适合做美国的总统
Asian leaders have learned that flattering Donald Trump really works - Salon
U.S. trade gap soars as imports from China hit record high under Trump.
11 Trade ministers reach deal on Pacific trade without US:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau scored two big trade wins over President Trump
You gutted the State Dept and all we've got is people who don't have a clue what they're doing, just like you...

Trump's Asia trip highlights lack of trade deals - POLITICO
Trump's US trade rep spends more than $900,000 on office renovations
As The WSJ Says, Robert Lighthizer As Trade Rep Never Was A Very Good Idea
Great Financial team? Trying to correct your bluster?
It appears China has stopped buying soybeans from the US altogether because of trade fight https://cnb.cx/2FBRDDJ 
Well when you do see #XiJinping tell him to stop fkn #torturing #blowtorching #SkinningAlive #BoilingAlive #mansbestfriend #StopYulin  END #DCMT
If I lived to a thousand years old, I'd never be able get my head around this level of depravity.
so far anyone who has invested in the market in the last 6 months has now lost money. At this point 6 of your 15 months of gains while in office have been wiped out. Polls are great but you said yourself, the market is a report card on performance. 9/15 = 60 F
How come you and your cronies wanted to give the good times of the market to barrack insane ovomit?
Day #467 of the hostage situation. Evil Captor is safely snuggled deep in his cheeseburger greasy sheeted beddy-by with his beloved Yellow Tabloid Newsey Journal and a mountain of cheeseburgers! Life is good!
@jamesalandarby
Respect the Office!!!!
It’s already happening. This is what winning looks like, thank you President Trump! MAGA
Is that the great financial team that bungled paying off a pornstar?

President Xi's got tRump's number!
Liar
Feels like this should be the universal response to every single tweet. It would drive him berserk.
Let's do it!
Best regards from Switzerland
Resign, you fat, orange, lying, treasonous, turd.
Thank you Mr. President: for keeping the focus on the government's work and hiring great lawyers who have not sold out to the Bar Association! And are going after the laws supporting POTUS! And the United States Federal Constitution!  Elena -
#ATrumpTrainParalegalPerspective
Thank you sir for looking out for the  American Economy, we we're truly heading down a dark path until you took office. God Bless you and your family Sir!!

Xi is buying his soybean from Brazil now. Good going, numbskull
The sound of a whole bunch of Midwest farmers going broke...
And don't forget the corn fiasco. Mexico is our biggest recipient. By withdrawing from NAFTA, Mexico has made trade pacts with Argentina and Brazil for their imports. The US is screwed. The farmers are screwed.
What’s happening?!?!?!!!?
Oh, nothing new. Just trump screwing up the country. He withdrew from NAFTA, imposed excessive tariffs, withdrew from TPP, yada, yada, yada.
He hasn’t formally withdrawn from NAFTA has he?  I thought he was still in the threat-making phase.
They had 6th round of renegotiations in January. Still no deal. They were supposed to make a deal by mid April. Canada and Mexico have vowed to move on if the US can't compromise.
Ivanka and Jared. Great financial team. Wonder if they are brokering more deals to save properties while there?


But all the media want's to do is talk about BS (collusion) and cover news that does not effect America!! Why don't they cover all the amazing things this administration is accomplishing.
Your the best ! We appreciate all your doing to make A@erica great again
Potus please use the Precedent set by Hillary clinton and delete all subpoenaed materials. #ENDTHEWITCHHUNT #STOPMUELLERNOW #MAGA2018
China just pulled the plug on soy beans.  They said they'll buy -0- from the US. Your base is going to love this!  Giddy up!
Oh oh
Trump, you don’t have a good or great relationship with anyone. Not even with your wife.
I echo that. That's so true.
President Xi, along with most if not all other leaders, laugh at you. You are a GLOBAL embarrassment.
Yes ,and only when China said okkkkk we aren’t buying your Shit anymore (soybeans #1) did Dotard know he fuck** up. AGAIN! He lies and cons so much. Also taking credit for North Korea( their test site caved in) Dotard Donald
How’s that trade war working for the US Soybean farmers??? ......So much winning I can’t stand it.

.Thanks to Trump’s trade war, China has stopped all purchases of soybeans from the U.S.

China is the 2nd largest market for U.S. agricultural exports and soybeans have historically have been one of the top products.

Anyone else “tired of winning” yet?
Oh no, this will hurt our Midwest, fly over country farmers. JustSaying
You think China doesn't know this?
Trump goes in from a point of weakness
He doesn’t care. It was important to him that he be treated royally and they gave him what he wanted. He cares NOTHING about the working man here but he does give a good con job that makes then happy. JustSaying
#POTUS. #MAGA. #ReleaseTheTexts. #UnRedacted. #TheGreatAwakening. #Qanon. #PrayForPotus. #PrayForKanye. #DrainTheSwamp. #DrainTheDeepState. #LockHerUp. #BringFlynnBack. #FakeNews. #WWG1WGA
You are doing an AWESOME job, Mr.President!

China has already started and you're supporters on the farms are the big losers so far. What did they have to lose.
It appears China has stopped buying soybeans from the US altogether because of trade fight

When’s your next meeting with Vladimir Putin?

You have a better relationship with him than you do with your own wife!
@TuckerCarlson @seanhannity @VP @foxandfriends @FBIMostWanted @FBI @lthomer175 @w_terrence @FoxNews @DiamondandSilk @DonaldJTrumpJr @The_Trump_Train
Throw out all the DISTRACTIONSyou want, because you’re not going to finish out your term, as the illegitimate president! Stormy Daniels (Clifford) and her attorney @MichaelAvenatti have watched you dig your hole and are waiting to bury you, as, is SC Mueller! RESIGN NOW!
Yeah, right, meanwhile thanks for all those rises in gas prices, fool.
Keep on keeping on Mr. President. You are doing exactly what we need. It's why we voted for you! #MAGA #KAG2020 #TrumpTrain2020 #BuildTheWall #RedWaveRising2018 #VoteRed2018
Oh, poor #Spanky You think Xi is your friend ?  Sad.
Mr President you should turn the tides and inform @jeffsessions that "you" are starting your own investigation into a coupe of your presidency and the integrity of his office
In decades you’re the first president ever who puts America first to grace the White House. You’re a strong leader, charismatic statesman, and master negotiator. Love you as much as you love our country! 
So much winning
The Art of the Deal......
Good or great...or you have no clue?
Well they aren’t the same. One is better than the other.
They'll have the Munchkin for lunch and pick their teeth with his bones. Amateurs.
So aptly stated ......

I really need to find my Magic 8 Ball.
It’s around here somewhere.
Uh, like China no longer buying our farm products?
Great tweet Rudi.  We know shithole didn't write this. Good try though.
A trade war is not good for both sides.
I hope that YOU are IMPEACHED by then!
NEWS FLASH: Trade deficit hits 6 month low!
Midwest farmers are finally about to have their a-ha moment.
Didn’t they have it hard enough before electing Trump?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
#soybeans
thanks Sherri!
#MAGA 
#QAnon 

#GreatAwakening
Translation:  We're scrambling like hell to get China to once again buy our soy beans.
Awe...are you going to have another bromance?

Great job for the American farmers.. China not buying their products... MAGA 
It was just announced that China's going to stop buying our soybeans. They buy half of our soybean production you idiot. You're hurting our Midwest farmers. My family in Louisiana raises soybeans!
They stopped buying our soybeans making Brazil now the #1 importer of soybeans to China.  Our farmers are gonna keep making excuses for you?

For those who keep saying the Lord never showed me his existence.
Jeremiah 29:13  You will seek me and find me, when you seek me with all your heart.
Meanwhile, 30% of US soybeans are rotting in the Iowa plains and other states and China is setting up cruise missiles in the China sea.
Even though Deep State, MSM are working overtime to destroy him. I bet he regrets sometimes running for President, he's doing this for us!
What’s important is that you have friends

Yeah?  You mean China who quit buying American soy beans?  Way to bankrupt our farmers.
China stopped buying US soybeans. I hope the framers realize you screwed them 
Can't say the same about your relationship with @RudyGiuliani lol.
#great
Like Your and Man yes relationship
Nobody cares about you because you're going to jail.
Put it back in your pants Donnie.
You’re being played by every world leader on the stage and you will, as usual, end up with the short end of the stick.
You realize the Chinese own the vast majority of US debt instruments, right? Highest debt level in history. China owns the US.
I’m sure you are aware twitter suppresses retweets of your tweets.  How do we end censorship of every day conservatives when they are okay with censoring the President of the United States of America?! 
Haha what team, your kid? What’s Ivanka’s title? The princess of America?
Did you know that China is building is building a road from there, across two continents with their own money?
Building all over Africa?
They don't need the US.
They are going to eat your lunch, you buffoon.
Was it your team who negotiated China no longer buying our farmers soybeans?  Is this your idea of winning?
A relationship W/ China!?!?  Your relationships always end Badly. Only This time You End America’s Relationship W/ Our Allies! #GoldenShowerBoyTrump It is time We drive Your Cult back under the Rocks They once hid in. #JusticeForAmericaNOW
Honest question, why do you say good then in () day great? Why not just come out and say great in the first place?
Why didn't you just say great to begin with?
Keep on winning Mr. President 
Your "team" is too stoopid to have done their homework prior to the visit & China will devour you if they see fit. Push them too hard & you'll find out...
Wait and see. Can’t wait for your next tweet, once your great financial team will be back.
Soybeans are an important agricultural export for US farmers. 61% of  US soybean exports worth $14.2BN went to China in 2016. CHINA JUST STOPPED IMPORTING THEM FROM THE US in response to Trump hamfisted tariffs
UNHINGED LIAR!
JUSTICE...
#ImWithHim Set it right Potus. No one before you has understood or cared why this is essential! Thank God for Donald J. Trump! 

DARE TO BE FAIR .
Good Morning and God bless you Mr President and @FLOTUS

The Stock Market has lost 11% of it’s value since January.  MAGA!!                          #MAGA #Trump
公平？只有对你们有益才是所谓的公平，这本就是一种不公平。
Don't change the subject....you need to resign forthwith.

China is about to seriously screw over our farmers. And it’s all happening because of your ego and your total lack of empathy for your own voters.
Let’s keep POTUS focused on this type of accomplishment. Forget about addressing Stormy Davis issues. We do my care about Stormy or payments!  Fire Mueller now!!!  MAGA.
Lol
You're going to claim victory because of a couple items BUT there is no way they are giving up their 2025 strategy.
That’s GREAT Mr. President, no other President has come this far and no Democratic President could even come close to your accomplishments.
انت اول رئيس امريكي تريد كسب النقود لصالح بلادك بكل الطرق
Unlike you and Melania... #StormyLegitAF
Temporary pain is fine to achieve a brighter future for our children. Get back what was stolen from us Mr. President. Fair-Trade.
#ImpeachTrump
Why not simply say "great" if you mean great? Your writing patterns expose you as the twisted dolt that you are.  Also, so do your speaking patterns. 
#Dolt45
I just read they canceled US soybeans. The farmers must just love you.
China has stopped buying US soybeans.  I'm sure American farmers are really impressed with your "great financial team."
Trump. If The Chinese Don't Make A Deal. Tell Them To Take Their Products And Shove Them up Their Ass. Make Them In The USA.
Thank you for moving Made in USA. Problem for USA - is the size of Western Market, compared to size Eastern Hemisphere Markets, (1 to 6 ratio & growing). You can tell by Japan's negative position on investing in more factories in USA.

REMEDY: Made in USA, & SHIPPED from USA
So, in others words, there are folks out in China who know what they are doing, trying to repair the damage you and your trade war have caused. Good luck.
Yep, we all know you're jealous of his lifetime term as president....since you came out and said it.
The DeepState is terrified of President Trump!They know the foundation of their attack on him is UN Constitutional.That attack will crumble!
Awesome I can’t wait to hear about the outcome of this trade deal Mr President!!!
Hey Donny! Did you tell your farmer-followers that China has stopped buying OUR SOY BEANS?
They might want to know that so they and their families can prepare to suffer in the upcoming season because of your incompetence and ignorance
When does all the "winning" start?
AS AN ORIGINAL "#OLE'-#SCHOOL-#GANGSTER, SPANKY WOULD SAY,

"MAKE-IT-RAIN-MO-FO #MAKE-#IT-#RAIN !"
Good (great)???!!! Where did you go to school again?? Normal people would use ONE adjective in a sentence or a comma between 2 DIFFERENT adjectives. You are incomptent in ALL areas of your life.
It's going so great that China is retaliating against the threat of steel tariffs by not buying soybeans for the last two weeks. I bet your very red states are *realy* red now  Soooo much winning.
Stormy Daniels spanking, Sir! MUELLER has the pee tape, and Michael Cohen is ready to flip! Did YOU OBSTRUCT Justice? #KrassensteinLive #basta #Trump
Yeah, you sure are mucking up trade. American ag folks thank you.
Thank you president Trump for looking out for the interest of the American people thank you for doing something that should have been done a long time ago God bless you your family and your team and your Admin that he would build a hedge around you keep you from any harm or hurt.
. Good, because they’re now buying soybeans from other countries instead of applying tariffs to our goods. That’s a 14 bill business for us if they stop.
Go Trump team !!!!!!!!
MY 2 C = Theft of Intellectual Property from China. 
Tim Cook needs POTUS's Help
Can you tell you’re other BFF, lover, owner, to quit fucking with our USA military. K. Thanks. Chinese military lasers injure US military pilots in Africahttps://www.cnn.com/2018/05/03/politics/chinese-lasers-us-military-pilots-africa/index.html
You just continue to ruin things for us and the world.  You are disgusting.
Worst president ever!!!!
China has stopped buying American soybeans. That's going to deal a major hit to your base, considering they were the second largest purchaser of American soy. Tell me again how your trade war is benefitting us?
Yeah, I thought that my first marriage was forever “always” too! 
year ，
And while the negotiations are going on, China has stopped ALL soybean purchases from the USA. Great relationship!

You have a “team” or are you referring to CORRUPT CABINET MBERS?!?  I’m confused.
Good (great) tweet!!

#goodgreat
#PresidentXi
