Cool. Maybe don’t share their intel with the Russians in the Oval Office??
It’s not a crime when a search warrant is obtained legally with approvals from independent judges and appointed FBI investigators. #MaybeDont make up a narrative that is convinient for yourself only.
Isn’t this guy recused from this investigation? Cute pics but I’ll stick with my facts over here.
Weird. All the indictments, guilty pleas, upcoming trials are in the Trump camp. But, some people still think others are going to jail...can’t move on from Hillary..
How much did Jared get in loans there?  Was that part of the deal?
Kushner’s Financial Ties to Israel Deepen Even With Mideast Diplomatic Role
Can you say propaganda? You people work with the Russians.
You people?  The Russians?
You terrorize the world together  My country, Honduras, is run by a dictator who both countries (U.S. & Israel) give weapons to, you share so many of the same values 
This is how Trump addresses war criminals.
Barack Obama was our last great president...
Riiiight he left us $6T in Debt. Are you going to pay that back? He went golfing more than Trump does. His Hawaiian vacations cost us more than any of Trump's getaways so far. More people on welfare when he left office than when he go into office.
Asking Trumpers to do math correctly is harder than getting a crocodile to speak perfect English. 

Trumpers will just make up their own answers and insist they’re correct no matter how obvious it is they’re not.
Forget this what about #Palestine and the people there



Hear! Hear!
SENİN BİYERLERİN KAŞINIYOR ASRIN ŞEYTANI
It’s my dream to travel there some day.  I’m forever changed by #Gods grace through #Jesus but standing in the midst of it all would be an overwhelming experience
We may not have Kings anymore but King David is my favorite story
@MarianneHofer let me correct myself, he wasn’t a story but a fabulous King and Psalmist. I’ve just started 2Samuel....Saul never realized how faithful David was until it was to late!  It’s my job to pray for lost souls daily no matter who they are. Shine On
King David was so loved by God. God inspired him to write the beautiful, encouraging Psalms. I love The David stories, also.
I named my first son David. King David inspires me every single day! My daily prayers come from the Psalms. They make me start my day with a smile, for sure.
Awesome, just like the God we serve!!
Amen!
Die in a fire
Netanyahu is a war criminal. No wonder you'd offer him best wishes!
With the way your presidency is going, I would not be surprised if you also commit war crimes on behalf of the American people!
You are totally unfit for office and should immediately RESIGN!
C'mon Shaft we voted for him, he is YOUR President.
Funny how the party that shrieked in indignant outrage for EIGHT STRAIGHT YEARS about a duly elected African American president now expects us to quietly lay back and accept this Russian-compromised farce they decided to back 
Yup. #MoronInChief #TheResistance
#NeverTrumper
No he is a man that is doing exactly what he promised to do and is doing.  To those of us that voted for him it's a thing of beauty to watch.
You do realize Netanyahu is a corrupt politician don't you.  He is the swamp of Israel.  SAD @POTUS
no deferments in Israel.
Remember the U.S S. Liberty
A thousand likes!
New location beside a mcDonalds...
Puerto Rico has no power AGAIN! Can we funnel some of the billions we give Israel FOR NOTHING, to help our own, first? Remember, AMERICA FIRST?
Things keep going the way they are and Isreal may be your only friend
Thank you Mr president you are a true friend of Israel 

We do have better friends.  The U.K. and EU practice something called reciprocity.  Netanyahu and his conservative cronies do not believe in giving, just taking.
Hang on. The other week Norway were your best mates, the UK the week before, Australia before that. You're clearly batshit crazy.


¡ Bendigan a Adonay, todas sus huestes, servidores suyos que hacen su voluntad. ¡ Bendigan al Soberano señor Jesucristo, todas sus obras en todos los lugares de su Imperio.!
Idiot
What part of Russia are you from?! I’m thinking Moscow maybe?...
Occupiers!!




The only thing you folks lack is proof of any kind. She is your fox news boogeyman. You all lack independent thought. Sad.

The embassy belongs were the others are... Tel Aviv!!
All of Puerto Rico is out of power. How are you planning to fix this?
NETANYAHU IS A GREAT LEADER AND THE CORRUPTION CHARGES ARE FAKE PLANTED BY THE DEEP STATE!
Israel loves Donald Trump… There are even considering having a train station after him! No president has done more for Israel than Donald Trump!

#RussianSanctionsNOW
Careful, you are going to hurt Putin's feelings.

Promises made, promises kept!
TRUE!
That's idiotic
We're not valuable enough to him. Need a few Trump Towers near Circular Quay and a Trump golf course in Canberra before we qualify. Or maybe I should keep quiet. Don't want to give him ideas.
Exactly. But we’ve been onto him since the 1980s...
1987.
hmmmm
Wow. Please explain to me again why US presidents don’t need a security clearance? 
Good question.  I wonder how ANYONE in that White House gets a security clearance......
My understanding is most of them haven’t. Let’s see, who would? Kelly and Mattis? Bolton and Kudlow too new. Javanka no. Hmm 
Today is Israeli Memorial Day, tomorrow is Independence Day.
Today
This is why God is blessing our country.. Allies with Isreal is one the smartest thing a President of United States has done in a long time!!!  A game changer for sure!!
Absolutely true!

The only thing that will stop terrorism in America is for liberals to vanish. Liberals are Americans enemy.
Have another cocktail lady.
We Miss You Obama
Totally miss President Obama. Such a class act!
You democrats are the biggest resist ever like your king Obama. Remember you are the ones who own slaves. Maybe you should educate yourself.
Huh? I never owned slaves. But my people were discriminated against that many wound up in ovens. The move to Jerusalem will further prevent peace from being achieved in the Middle East.
You do realize your tweet is deliciously ironic? Calling others uneducated when your ignorance is clear for all to see is the best joke of the day. I wholeheartedly say thanks.
How ironic a liberal that can write. The only people who call others uneducated are liberals.
Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for what's right. 

God bless America. God bless Israel. God bless the unbreakable bond between the two countries!
God bless the innocent, dead children of Palestine in Gaza. Wait, which God is this? The heavily edited Christian one or the one Netanyahu obviously doesn't believe in???
Oh surprise, another democrat attacking Christianity.
Democrat? I'm not even American you idiot but I can see when racists idolize genocidel maniacs trying to bring about another holocaust
We'll stay the hell out of our politics them dunce. Your opinion means nothing!!
Serbs and Israelis have very similar history, always having to fight for mere survival.
Sorry, we don’t have similar histories. It is a stereotype and the existing parallels are misconceptions.
I thought I blocked you... Hmmmm. Won't happen again.@
We have no better friend anywhere, what ever happened to that UK and it’s special relationship. Don’t ever forget that the land of the free and it’s early pioneers of America were actually British. (Excluding the Native American Indians who were Chinese)
God bless...
BUILD THE WALL LIAR

He is just like you a crook!
THANK YOU FOR BEING TRUE TO YOUR PROMISE MR @POTUS SIR! #MAGA2018 #MAGA2020
Is there a secret handshake in your ever-growing "Corrupt World Leaders Club?" I realize you can't share what the shake-down is, but you could share that there *is* one.
@pbsnewshour @CNN @FoxNews @CBSNews @NBCNews @redicetv @infowars @BBCNews @dwnews @RT_com @DRUDGE_REPORT
Thank you for your kindness!!


TRUMP IS MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Hhhhhhhh...very funny
أولى كتاب وانت تبحث بداخلها العلمين هذي ربك ارد شي سنوية عليها هل هي سميت الملكه   
وزوجتي واقوم وقم حفل في مدينة  

/\/\
I hope you are not causing another commotion to the people of the world..

Thank you, Mr. President. God bless you.
Lakh di lanat tere te, punjabi b hi bolna prta hai agar dil ko sakun dena ho to
Jubilee time for Gods people! May they live in peace 
we Kurds will be your permanent friends in the future
Right?
So glad we are finally moving our embacy! Should have been there from the start.
You have to conquer your oppressed victims first. What good is half a genocide? Finish the job or get off their land.
you should talking about Stormy Daniels matters instead
You should learn how to talk instead.
You are the best president the USA had since Lincoln. Amazing appreciation for its allies and a hand of steal when dealing with our foes.
May g... Bless Donald Trump.
#Ağ_SA_RayDU_N_AN
#POTUSandNatanyahu are criminals and thieves only a criminal cheers another criminal
AND HE SET UPA MUSLIM PRAYER ROOM! HE IS “‘NOT’” CHRISTIAN! SO MANY BLACKS “‘NOW’” SEE & SAY THEY WERE “‘DECEIVED’” BY HIM!
القدس ستبقى عربية اسلامية عاصمة فلسطين الابدية رغما عنك وعن الصهاينة  والعرب المتصهينين

Nice! Show some real leadership mr president and tell Israel to stop shooting at unarmed Palestinians. #BDS
Thankful 4 Israel & 4 them being God's chosen people.God will always protect his chosen & thankful there our close friends & we are blessed by God because we are united & if we ever turn our backs on Israel God will turn his back on us that's where all our blessings come from .
Thank you for sharing the truth.  So many nasty people who dont know God's word is true.
Right? Obama was foreign & gay but trump was our best choice...for soon but very soon..we are going to see our king. :)

Their independence from what exactly?
If you only have one friend left, it is indeed automatically your best...
Praise God!!  God bless you President Trump!
No better friends!
Hate to break the news to you olde Boys, God isn't a JEW, German is more like it.
Miss me yet?

You're truly God's anointed, your excellency! Thanks a trillion, sir, for for standing strong with God's number one nation, the mighty Israel! Bravo Mr President! God bless you more abundantly, sir!
“‘GOD’” RICHLY BLESS YOU SIR FOR HAVING EYES TO SEE & EARS TO HEAR WHAT THE “‘SPIRIT’” IS SAYING!!!!!
Right?
Thank you Mazeltov
#القدس_عاصمة_فلسطين_الأبدية 
يا مجموعه من المرتزقه 
يا احفاد الخنازير والقررده
You’re

To think some "woke" idiots thought this idiot will be different...
I hope April 23 National Sovereignty and Children's Day will be celebrated we're still friends right?
It has come to stay
Trump leads others follow
They may criticise ur policies but time will tell truth prevails 
Jerusalem the land of promise
There is no way Dems are this naive & blind. Illegal wiretaps, rigged DNC, fake dossiers, corruption, uranium, Sec of State gains $250 million in net worth while on a public servants salary. No way half our country is ACTUALLY THIS DAMN STUPID! 
Stop crying & start helping
UNITED WE STAND PEOPLE! STOP REBELLING! STOP BACK-BITING! READ YOUR BIBLE! “‘GOD’” INSTRUCTS US TO PRAY FOR ALL THOSE IN AUTHORITY! WAKE UP ALREADY! WE ARE IN THIS TOGETHER!
Hallelujah
 OMG ..........

I wish a Happy 70th Independence to Israel Mr.Trump
CONGRATULATIONS ISRAEL!
comprehending, Knowledgeable.
What about our friends, families and fellow US citizens in Puerto Rico?
USA stands WITH Israel
why this is problem in the medial East.
dog dog nmsl
God bless #Israel70
israili türkler yok eder filistin topraklarını geri alır   OSMANLI İMPARATORLUĞU
Good, I worried will you do it :) Yerushalayim is capital of Israel.
China has finally won the trade war. They still have their tarrif on US products. You barked as a dog to replicate the tarrif on their goods but ran to the hills..
Amen. Congrads
Thank you, Mr. President. That was the right thing to do and a long time in coming. Happy 70 years to Israel!
It’s about time we honored Israel’s move to their nations capital.
Street signs are being prepared to be installed soon.
Those will look nice hanging on your apartheid prison gates.
Great job Terrorist state of Israel. Stole land and killing Palestines.
When an advanced country like America can elect a fool as their president then third world countries shouldn't be blamed for choosing a corrupt one
devil
BUT.....BEHOLD.....MANY MANY MANY MUSLIM’S ARE GETTING BORN AGAIN & RECEIVING “‘JESUS’” AS “‘LORD & SAVIOR’”! GLORY TO THE “‘KING OF KINGS’” & “‘LORD OF LORDS’”!
Friends? Zionist Israel ?  http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/fiveisraelis.html …  And remember USS Liberty

Looking forward to The Big Impeachment
Yeah, hold your breath for that. Kind of like waiting for the next 10 people to follow you . . . Isn’t going to happen.
AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN!

Jerrusellam is a muslim capital and will be stay muslim for ever.
Stormy Daniels! Collusion Money Laundering
Wow!  Prove it or shut your pie-hole
Yeah kill more Palestinians you horrible evil people.
.
But they do business with... but but England... Israel isn’t in the circle of trust...
Sky News reports that there has been a 4000% rise in Russian misinformation (Fake News) and bot lies. Simple solution, just don’t listen to them at any level. Start by closing down RT News and gagging George Galloway endless unwanted drivel.
Hopefully, Mr. President, you know and understand that your base loves and admires you. They get so bashed it is hard to be anything beyond ‘the silent majority’.
How about you be a president and not a twitt-aholic
Mueller should be  fired and  made to pay back OUR tax money he spent and didn't  prove  anything! And now on another  witch hunt against  Trump. ENOUGH.  PAY BACK OUR MONEY!!  And fire his wicked ass!!!
Written by Dan Scavino.
I am so so thankful but recall the Nehemiah battle; it will not be easy...but at least Israel is prepared for the assumed attack to stop them.
If you want your business to fail just open it up near a P.O. They are criminal and have NO rules, No laws, anything goes. I will be happy to share my sad story with anyone willing to listen. Including live tv and I promise you won't  believe what they've done.
PRESIDENT TRUMP THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT TO KNOW WHY YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY IS IN HIDING??
God bless UNITED STATES and God bless ISRAEL. MAGA.
Tinyhand's  tax cuts going to bankrupt U.S. this has never worked in the past and it won't work now but we're going to do this wait-and-see thing... temporary  gains don't pay debt, we can't  pay this money back!
It is also the 75 anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. #PowstanieWGetcie
Your best friend runs an apartheid, terrorist state?
You must be so proud.
Really?  You're really pissed the Royal Family didn't invite you to the wedding aren't you?
TRUMP MICHAEL COHEN IS GOING TO SING.
When will you open your embassy in Iran?
After we get freedom there ,Of Coarse
HOW STRANGE THAT YOU AS A GERMAN GESTAPO ARE WISHING AN ISRAELI BEST OF LUCK, DAMN HOW TIMES ARE CHANGING.
pig
The thing about this kind of tweet is that it suggests allegiance no matter what. Is this wise?
Terrific!!!!!!!!!!
Live Isreal people happy in peace
Friends don't murder friends, Mr. Trump.
The joy of the LORD is thy strength.
You are not a legitimate president.
You gona have a dark and aggressive picture inte history of Phalistain
I find it very ironic that Liberals can't handle any disagreement without calling people named or giving them labels- maybe they
Should stop being such a n oxymoron to their on name.
Thank you, Mr. President. Peace through strength. Keep up the good work.
embassy moving into Sodom..
Yep, and as long as that heinous dome is there that’s exactly what it is.
Nice!

Satanic #Zionists are #terrorists #murderers - #rapists #pedophiles - the most cowardly criminals on the planet. #WZO supports torture & murder of children & unarmed civilians. #Israel is a blood-thirsty Beast, protected by @UN.

https://twitter.com/Robert_Martin72/status/988292358604144640 …
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/986643179452747776 …

请关注南京强吃钱旺集团事件，注册地在四川，办公在上海，企业法人被南京警方自首，南京警方强制关停了集团旗下公司，还上门强制老百姓报案，拦访截访，殴打上访群众，上央视13诋毁企业，控制舆论，不断删帖删除企业以前的宣传报道。还抓了很多老百姓拍忏悔视频，弄得人心惶惶
Says one corrupt piece of shit to another!
Russia's Acapulco
Das ist eine sehr schlechte Entscheidung !
All they have is 70 years of memories. Cuz where is @IsraeliPM
going to get those reparation payments? No more American (dead) Stock exchange, but wage War (terrorism tax refund$) no sense?!?! Haha! Gotcha broke$.
What did the blonde tweet in response to a “normal” tweet? . . .
Happy birthday Israel
יום הולדת שמח ישראל
Wonderful
“‘GOD’” IS THE “‘ONE’” WHO APPOINT& ANOINTED PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP AS PRESIDENT!
I hope you will consider me for a job (coordinator, timekeeper, whatever).  It has been my dream for many years that this would happen and I want to be a part of it. Should I talk to Rabbi Weiss?
SIMPLE THOUGHT:  Every Trump aide/pundit/spokesman that speculates Michael Cohen might turn on Trump is publicly admittin' that Trump is guilty.
You are creating a massive diplomatic incident with that stupid tweet. #impeach
