Lol…  Trump didn’t write this.
You know after the first sentence that an adult wrote it.
Yup, an adult who is a real Patriot. Your and my President Donald J Trump!
Uhhhh, no. Sorry, just your president. Not mine. You can have my share.
Nope. Sorry. Like it or not if you are a citizen of the US he’s your President and will be for the next 6 years
No, you are staning too far out of the ledge, sir.  He will never make it to term 2.  The old man is about to have a heart attack now caught in his own lies and having turned his back on so many "friends" his back will be against the wall.
We wanted to meet you SO BAD!

TRUMP FLASHBACK

Another AMAZING President #Trump Moment they’ve tried to discredit and scrub from the net. Leftists and …
THANK YOU @POTUS and @VP
.@POTUS #TRUMP & @FLOTUS

When ALL seemed HOPELESS...YOU brought…
We loved seeing you!! Would love to see you here more! #MAGA #NRAAM2018 @Scavino45
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS ON FIRE 

He’s calling out #DeepState, #Comey and the LIES of the LEFT!…
AMAZING! #MAGA #USA
#RedWaveRising2018 #USA
We LOVE You!! #MAGA #NRA
#ObamaGate #ObamaKnew
‘They need to ENFORCE the subpoenas IMMEDIATELY! The more you WAIT... pretty soon there’ll be an ELECTION ... and the DOJ and the FBI are BANKING on the DEMOCRATS TAKING OVER so all these…

You and your money hungry cronies and Trainwreck Conway, Hulkabeast and the 4 EPA employees who abruptly resigned wrote the script for SNL this week.  TUNE IN!!!  It will be AMAZING
I guess everyone except those who don’t ascribe to the Judeo-Christian god.

 You have no values or morals!!
God bless !! Our law enforcement  !! God bless our 2nd amendment !! God bless President Trump !! God bless America !!
Most of us follow the law too—the rest goes to jail.
Yinz want to take away freedom of the press, freedom of speech and freedom of religion (Muslims). Yinz a a piece of shit that no one but Putin likes yinz fuuuuuucking piece of shit!!!.
Why does a sitting president need to rally????

#ObsurdTurd #JustStop 

Spread #FakeNews
still wondering why you took those cash kickbacks on the nyc parking lots in the early 80's. you claimed you were rich. now you weren't lying, were you?

#OhMyGreatandGloriousDonaldTrump! I believe you, I believe in you, I believe every word that passes through your lips! You Sir, are truly Heaven-sent; our Lord giveth you to US so that we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain, my Great Donald Trump...
...I don't understand why all the leftist, atheist, reprobate Democrats don't fall to their knees and worship your magnificent Greatness in all its glory; they must hate the America we love. They are all going to Hell, my all powerful and loving, #DonaldTrump, but not US...
...Donnie, not us your true & faithful believers! We are going to rise above them all as we #MAGA! together!
How I adore you, my fearless and brave beyond compare, Donald Trump, I thank my lucky stars that you love US, your children, and bless US with your charm, your wit...
...your supreme intelligence on this day and everyday!
In the name of the father, the son and the #AlmightyDonaldTrump #Amen #MAGA!
In Trump's America; we don't worship God, we worship #TheGreatandAlmightyDonaldTrump! #MAGA!
FBI or CIA should control all, with big eyes!  Please, Donald, can FBI check it all at Fine Art América? Because...
Dog whistles galore. Yes, governments can take it away, that’s why we have to check government power. And history is still being written today.
Great words, Mr. President
Makes a mockery of Rule of Law on a regular basis though.
How so?  He is the target of the witch hunt
Sadly possibly not a bot? But, if not, a strangely deluded human. Sad.

Except for the liberties that you have been taking away every day since you became president: the liberty to have clean water, and clean air, food for children and the poorest and weekist among us, help for our veterans who served way more than you ever will.
.@POTUS We have  President #Trump the  #GreastWorldLeader and #USA The best country in the earth!  We  #WON  Yes! We are fighting  for this #Country and power with #God We are like #Tigers We are not going to let #CommunistNewWorldOrder Taking over.  #GodBlessAmerica 
Judge T.S. Ellis III Drops Hammer on Mueller's Head!
God may grant us our liberties, but government is needed to make sure you get them. The rule of law is more than police alone. Courts and legal system interpret and determine if laws are being followed. You’re not a believer in legal system since you’ve always tried to scam it.
Our liberty isn't a gift from God it's a gift from our constitution.
Pretty much!
I don't have the energy today to make a witty retort.
You're an abomination and a failure as both a president and a human being.
Those who still stand with you are equally damaged in some way.
No reasonable person would stand for the kind of crap that you produce on a daily basis
LIAR
Our Creator didn’t give us liberty, the founding fathers did.
SO, THE NWO GLOBALIST DEMOCRAT PARTY WANTS GLOBALIST SOCIALISM /COMMUNISM. ... WHERE'S THE LIBERTY IN THAT...? THAT'S WHY WE HAVE THE 2ND AMMENDMENT.
He is just reading the words someone else wrote for him! The man isn’t smart enough to write an inspiring speech. He can’t even read it with sincerity!
To be fair, none of the other presidents write their own speech.
About syria
You are so stupid
TRUMP: Rule of law is meant for everyone else but me.

We will never be United to your values.
Our liberty was framed & provided by the authors of the Constitution. We are "One Nation Under God", but there is SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE. You should read the Constitution sometime, since you're "President" & all. A 5th grade student has a better understanding of govt.
Separation of Church and State simply means the State doesn’t interfere with the Church.  Churches in England were government controlled. United States didn’t want that.
No. It means is that the govt. stays out of religious matters & likewise, a certain religion (Christianity, for example) cannot be forced upon our citizens as "an official religion". U.S. citizens are able to worship as they choose (or not) without fear of government reprisals.
F**k you, Idiot!
Still paying back the $300 mio the NRA gave you, don't you?
Don't EVER go up against the NRA or infringe on the 2nd Amendment!  And that includes bump stocks, waiting periods, and all the other stuff the anti self defense leftists come up with.
Trump loves America and America loves him

Full of shit
Way better than obama
The media is the most dangerous entity in America right now, instead of encouraging the people with the good news of unemployment, economy, peace in the Korean Peninsula and other good news! They spend their time promoting a LIE (Russian collusion and a prostitute) #Horrible
Hmm, so why do you think they paid off Stormy then? Obviously, had it been false, he could have just labeled it fake news. I’m not going to get into a back and forth. I’m genuinely curious about your opinion on that particular issue and won’t respond.
It doesn't matter at all! It has already been proven that campaign money wasn't used, so talking about SD is a waste of time. The only person that should care about what he did or didn't do is Melania. Everyone else needs to get a life and stop watching CNN.

Les #Français parlent aux Francais !
Pour l'union pacifique de tous les français et l'établissement d'un nouveau système de gouvernement.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=2043126266008452&id=100009332968264 ……


You believe in the rule of law?!?!  More BS from the #FakePresident or whoever wrote this tweet for him.
NO our Liberty was had fought by all those who fought and died first in the American Revolution, then the 1st WW, then the 2nd WW and all wars in between. None of which you did. And you were never Christian until you saw it might get you elected! You're a Fraud!
You believe in the rule of law?
Who's going to tell him the Justice Department and F.B.I. are law enforcement?
@realDonaldTrump: if liberty = gift from God, & gift from God = guns, & NRA = gun liberty, did God create NRA?

#AmericaFirst
YOUR THOUGHTS ARE A LITTLE FOGGY.... LOL
I am more proud of you every day Mr. President! Please take care of yourself and keep prayer s part of your day. There are millions who appreciate you and your family’s hard work and dedication to this beautiful country. May God’s blessing, love and protection be on you all.
For those of us who are atheists, "gift from our creator" can easily be replaced with "gift from our logical scientific enlightenment" or whatever.  It's very close to similar spiritual understandings, but without the ridiculous mysticisms of religion.  Then when you become an
older atheist like I was in missions, you can start to listen to all the rediculous God talk, filter out the mysticisms, and listen to the outdated stories, and try to understand them, and eventually start to hear their points.

It would be a lot easier if they just removed the
mysticisms, God talk, and outdatedness.
If they did remove all that crap, then they wouldn't be divisive among people trying to be good.
I used the word "atheist" lightly.  I just don't believe in some magical superpowerful God man and an afterlife.  We only have one chance in this biological world, as far as I can tell, and we should make the best of it by making humanity better and being spiritually good.
The "spiritually good" part is me interpolating God speak.  I really mean just to understand that being good to others eventually comes back to them being good to us, and it's a better life for everyone.
I.e., the information in physical natural life + the enlightenment that treating each other well makes us all better.

God bless @POTUS, @realDonaldTrump and America. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #2ndAmendment
Doesn't apply to you! You're trying to take away our democracy & bc we want assault rifles kept out of civilian hands, we're taking their guns???
Plus, you disrespect/denigrate our law enforcement you're under investigation for being a Russian spy in the WH! YOU...rule of law???
You are such a phony. Your god is mammon. Look it up.
If only we had someone in our government, just one leader, who would stand up and say the same of the United Kingdom. We need someone like Donald Trump taking our country forward..
If "we support the men & women of law enforcement", then why are you constantly attacking the FBI and threatening to "get involved"?  You don't understand how the rule of law works in our country.
Pity our govt don't feel the same here in the UK well done Trump 
Ours are disgustingly weak and spineless.....x
Very

Brother Donald.

Donald Trump talks out of his ass more than Ace Ventura. Who else can contradict themselves in the same frig'n sentence?…
Yes to you, President Trump. And yes you should win the Nobel Peace Prize. Thank you President Trump.
Hahahahaha good one
DJT you are sent from God the Almighty, the one true God, the Ancient of Days, I believe you will give the world a chance to find peace and prosper for many years to come. Hillary would have destroyed America within her first 4 years. NWO agenda would be enacted. WWlll
Hahahahahahahahahaha
My sentiments exactly!
President Trump @POTUS, Austin Petersen @AP4Liberty believes in and will uphold #Liberty as the next senator from Missouri! Join the grassroots and endorse him so together you both can #MAGA #MOSen
#TimelessValues #Liberty #AmericanPride #TrustTrump #MAGA #PatriotSister #Peace #Love Don't get complacent or I promise you we will loose it all. #knowmatterwhat #birthrights #Pray #Birth #Right #ProudAmerican #2A #NRA #Conservative #TrumpUSA
All Trump supporters...go go go ...Mid-Term election is coming....#MAGA
You don’t support law enforcement, you demean and abuse them..
What a joke this hypocrite is.  Even Jesus obeyed the laws of his society - total freedom can only exist if there is only one person in the society.
The #2A is under siege by who?! GOP controls the house, senate and white house! You're just fear mongering and inciting your base to revolt when you go to jail!
Thank you Mr President, for pointing out the power of our country’s shared faith. When you have the power the lord and savior Jesus Christ, guns are not needed. #choosegodoverguns
You no more wrote those words than I did. I’m surprised you could even read them from the TelePrompTer.
Gosh, just the other day you were inferring the DOJ, FBI and our Justice System is corrupt and out to get you on a witch hunt. Make up your mind, which way is it?
You have absolutely NO RIGHT WHATSOEVER to claim to honor or respect law enforcement while bashing the FBI for doing its job
lol doing there job they have dropped the ball way to many times so I would bash them to
Your the product of a creator? I guess everybody has an off day....


Amen
Is that why you attack the FBI every chance you get? Lie like you breathe.
You know nothing of the prestigious Royal London Hospital, one of the best in the world, and free to all those who use it. If you come to London and are involved in a road traffic accident then you will be very privileged if you were to be treated there. No blood on the floors!
When will you have the guts to stand up in front of the press corps for a real press conference.
Ιṯ is ΗΙԌΗ ΤΙΜΕ to υᵴẹ the ΜΑɌΤΙΑL ΡΟⱲΕɌЅ ΟϜ ΤΗΕ ΡɌΕЅΙƉΕΝСΥ ΤΟ ЅΤΟΡ ΤΗΕ  ЅΟɌΟЅ-ΟΒΑΜΑ-ƉΝС  ⱢΕƉ СΟƲΡ ΑΤΤΕΜΡΤ

#qanon8chan #qanon #thestorm #NoTrumpCollusion #HeIsMyPresident #NoRINOs #Vote4Trump #Trump2020 #TrumpUSA #TrumpTrain #TrumpWasRight #POTUS45
Support Law Enforcement & Fire Departments
So what is it? The rule of law or the word of the imaginary guy in the sky? Can’t be both according to you.
Rule of law? You’re talking about the rule of law?

Anybody have their precious guns there today?
Unfortunately the speechwriter does not understand that Trump constantly flip flops on 'timeless values.' Here is one of many examples where Trump calls the #ElectoralCollege a 'disaster for democracy' and another where he calls it 'genius' after losing the popular vote:
Their is NO LIBERTY in the USA, because of the USA security services (FBI, CIA, 50th Airforce Space Wing/Command, etc,). They've been removing innocent civilians liberty for years, via torture and attacks, by Directed Energy Weapons & Microwave Auditory Effect, for profit.
Unless they are the FBI or DOJ.

Dearest Mr. President! I heard you last night and God Bless You Sir! The democrats and socialists and a large percentage: of your party are working to unseat you! We voted for you damn it! #IWillNotStopFightingAndTweetingSir
Absolutely brilliant statement Elena!!!
Bless You Ramona! At the club, again, they had those fake news channels on! All I could hear: "he's a liar - that one is a liar - trump and his wife are liars -" On and on! What does that have to do with the left and socialists trying to impeach our President? NOTHING!
Over and over again: "his lawyer lied and did more harm that good!" These Morons! President Trump: loves spreading inaccurate information; they all run after these statements like rabid dogs! Each and every time! Now, at times, he may not know for sure and tells what he thinks
Beautiful words and beautiful message for all people.
Rule of law? Unless you are Trump and his clan. 
#MAGA #DrainTheSwamp  Thank you Mr. President 
Fuck you
Carnival Barker.
100% #MyPresident
God didn't give us any rights; brave people drew upon English Common Law, and Iroquois Nation laws to write our Constitution did. You and your base seek to bastardize our Rule of Law. #DidYouThinkAmericansAreThatStupid ?
Unfortunately many of them are that stupid. He is their King and Messiah. It is terrifying.
It is particularly disheartening to see the pre rally interviews where deluded people are claiming god sent Trump to lead us. #EvangelicalJihadists
" We support the men and women of law enforcement" except the FBI who are really Gestapo Stormtroopers.
You are #MAGA 
After the mid terms when Republicans have even more seats you should put out a bill that states no one will ever touch the 2 nd amendment!
I BELIEVE YOU SHOULD RESIGN AND LEAVE AMERICA!
Supporting law enforcement?  Is that why you are constantly yelling witch hunt, because you support those that investigate to see if a crime has been committed?  Mmhmm, suuuuure you support law enforcement.
3 wives and 100 hush money women on the side??? You want to talk about values???

Lmao
Thank you , Mr President God bless you. God bless the United States of America. We all need to pray for the left to not be so blinded by ignorance.
Yes, we have the glorious U.S. Constitution & some of the GOP are wanting to hold another Constitutional Convention to do away with! We won't have it! Also, stop trampling the rule of law. Uphold the Constitution & the rule of law. NO MAN is above the law, even you!
Kind of says it all don't you think?
@davidhogg111                        
Replying  to @realDonaldTrump @NRA   Thanks for showing us that your heart and  wallet are in the same place—- not with the kids of Parkland
  3:57 PM - 4 May 2018   4,351 Retweets    24,137 Likes
California legal @SmithWessonCorp Smith & Wesson.500 Interchangeable Compensator SKU 163501A / Stainless SteelRevolver8.375".500 S&W VERY SOON!!
Am AR15 is not a gift from your creator. The founding fathers did an amazing job, but they are not Gods and neither are you. God would not be packing.
How do u know according to the Bible God killed a lot of people
He doesn’t need an AR15, as you so aptly pointed out, and neither  do you.
You & the VP attending & speaking at the NRA convention is one of the most offensive things you could do at this moment in history.
Rule of law... Holder in contempt of Congress, Rice lied about Benghazi, Lynch fixed the Hillary criminal activity with DirtyCop Comey, #DirtyFBI came up with an #InsurancePlan in McCabe's office - IRS scandal targeting Conservatives.   I want to see DEMS going to jail.
There was a Revolution where Colonists fought King George for Independence (giving u another Golf holiday)  Liberty didnt come from 'Creator' .. if it had Americans of All Colors/Races/Sexes would have the Same Rights (used initial caps so he can read)
someone wrote that for you...surprised you could read it. were there a lot of pictures to help you read?
Holds you ACCOUNTABLE
This country does NOT have pride in you #impeachtrump

I've always been proud of the history of America, a history of a none police state even when police states were the rage. American leaders never crossed a line that infringe on other's rights. Now in the name of Nat. Sec. everything is on the table. Time to get back to basic's.
There is sound reasoning why the founding fathers made clear separation of church and state. You are always going on about religion. Which one. Do you dare to state other religions are not acceptable in the US?
Pretty speech, who wrote it?
Shame you don't actually believe or follow your own words
You believe in Rule if Law as much as I believe in the Tooth Fairy, And if you believe in Law Enforcement, then why do you denigrate the FBI?
Wall .
The first question I have this morning is how come you people spray Chemtrails straight over Disneyland Resort in Anaheim California I've noticed a lot of spraying done every single day over a place where it's highly populated why don't you spray that crap in the desert insteadus
Then speak to Mueller
"This ought to be so obvious, and yet there are large numbers of  Americans who seem impervious to it: if London gangs had guns instead of  knives, the numbers of deaths and the severity of the injuries seen in  London A&E departments would be far worse."

"... we support the men and women of law enforcement...."

If this is true, then why didn't you thank the @FBI for foiling the terrorist attack in San Francisco & saving countless lives??? 

You are a serial adulterer & a self-serving liar. #MuellerKnows #MuellerIsComing
You constantly attack the FBI. You DO NOT believe in the rule of law. You think you are ABOVE it. You are not. You are a conman and a criminal.
Freedom my ass, you’d like to do away with freedom of speech and free press. You’d love a dictatorship with statues of you all around Washington. You’re such a hypocritical pompous asshole!
...and your cooperation and collusion with same brings your treasonous behavior more clearly into focus.
#muelleraintgoingaway
Una historia llena de horror y muerte,con olor a sangre,drogas y manipulaciones!!...qué orgullo!!
Greatest president ever!
if you believe in the rule of law, the why are you breaking the emoluents clause, why are you attacking the FBI, why don't you let Mueller finish his investigation?  you statement could be used as fertilizer.
No, our country was specifically founded by people escaping persecution and they didn't want government involved in that. #ImpeachTrump
I My President!
Evangelical-speak. Another campaign rally. What about the evangelicals who don’t think like this? What about gun owners who believe things have gone too far? Will you speak at their events?
Now you’re a values guy? Trump,  if you support law enforcement, how about a little support for your own DOJ?  
Oh, that’s the “deep state”? Right. Check.
YOU don't have any values, NONE 
YOU attempt to obstruct justice every chance you get 
YOU are doing everything in your power to discredit law enforcement & justice depts in the country & thus breaking down their effectiveness
YOU shouldn't have a say...folks Vote out the GOP
Ride on, You have to straighten the democratic principles that anchored on the rule of law more especially in Africa. You're doing a great job. #MAGAForAll
Do you ask him to MAGAforall and include those he’s already denounced? Like Transgender Americans who want to join the military or REMAIN in the military. Just curious.
What matters most are the genuine defeated ones not those that inspired their future in wrong directions, kids were been attacked in Syria, have you researched on why this inhumane exist, what Trump is fighting is for the truth, people are dying? we need sound leaders like him
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT!!!! So grateful  for your love of Country and your fellow citizens! President Trump, YOU ARE a gift from the heavens!  May God bless you with the strength of a Warrior and keep you safe everyday!
AMEN

Like Kennedy and Clinton - to name but two proven / admitted cheaters

Trump is only "accused" and thereby innocent until proven guilty

But
IN THE MEANWHILE HE IS ACTUALLY DOING MORE THAN MANY OF THE HEADS OF STATES PUT TOGETHER

And

Unlike "our " leaders he is doing as he said
Trump has cheated on all his wives. So wth are you talking about? And way to deflect.
Your evidence is hearsay !

BTW
Trump is not MY president
I am not entitled to vote
But
I AM entitled to observe from across the pond and have an opinion

Take your choice of "my leaders" from the House of Commons and ALL of my PARASITES in the House of Lords and I'll swap you
It's been proven.  You might want to do some research before you post.
Being proven to you -- is not the same as being proven

BTW
My polite comparison is :-- when lecturing mathematics and a student doesn't accept,  or understand,  that 2 + 2 = 4 -- the Master has no where to go 

Bye bye Beth -- Dream on
We support the men and women of law enforcement unless they are FBI agents bringing the heat.
You support law enforcement except for the FBI.... because they’re enforcing laws against you.
I am disappointed by your assessment of our hospitals . I have had brain surgery (twice) been treated for brain cancer and now I am in remission thanks to our great NHS. Your statement about knife crime in the UK is probably correct but the blood statement was wrong
I stand with Trump
Before starting to criticise UK, get your own house in order first. However, I must say I'm looking forward to your visit to the UK. @raiphsays @Me4IndyForever @Blazespage @TheFlagOfWar @paula_again You going to help me meet him?

Are we dreaming, or did Fox News really just say this about Trump? 
Our liberty wasn't a gift from your creator, #morondon. It was earned with the blood of American patriots. A piece of it is taken away every day by your cowardly and incompetent regime. You flout the rule of law at every turn. You are a national disgrace.

#maga #resist
Just empty words coming from the most dishonest, immoral, racist, misogynistic dirt bag to ever soil the Oval Office. You need to read more of the creators words. Hint, they are called the Ten Commandments. A couple of them are food for thought
Liberty is nobody's gift, it is an unalienable right! Don't make liberty a religious issue! It is fallacious and corrupt!

@GOP
#PutinPuppet
#TraitorInChief
#MoronInChi
#GOPCorruption
#GOPComplicit
#MAGA
#Traitors
*we support the men and women of law enforcement who aren't investigating me for corrupt behavior. 

Fixed it for you dotard.
God bless all of us
You believe only in Donald Trump.  And personal glory. #Bad
#TrumpLies #LiarInChief #TrumpColluded #TrumpRussia #TrumpObstructtion #TrumpTreason #TrumpBankruptsUSA #GropingOldPerverts #GOPObstruction #GOPCorruption #GOPRussia #GOPTreason #GOPBankruptsUSA #LockThemAllUp #MAGA #VoteBlue #BlueTsunami #TrueBluePatriots #BlueMAGAWave
Oh that's rich. YOU believe in the rule of law? I would laugh if you weren't screwing over our country for your personal gain.
36 were stabbed to death in Washington DC in 2017. Funnily enough 36 were stabbed to death in London too. However 116 were killed with guns in Washington. If London is a war zone what does that make Washington DC? Guns kill 10s of people remotely stabbing is 1 on 1 face 2 face.
You're a tyrant, mobster and have colluded with an enemy of this country.  You don't support the "Rule of Law"(Comey's words), you break our laws every single day an always have.  The end is near!
Do you know what "the rule of law" means?

"Rule of law. noun. 1. the principle that all people and institutions are subject to and accountable to law that is fairly applied and enforced; the principle of government by law."

"...all people." That means you, too.
You break the law on a whim. You have no respect for it.

What about the FBI, Dotard? You are pathetic
You believe in the rule of lying, corruption and deception.  Time is running out for you, tell us why rich Russians have contributed to your campaign when they don't live in the USA?
Oh my God. You are so full of shit. No one has less respect for the rule of law than you. By the way, who wrote this for you??

You don't follow the rule of law. Corruption in the Oval and the entire Republican party. You think you are above the law...it's not true. Not even you are above the law.
HYPOCRITE
You Cheated to win !! Start there
If what you’re saying is true, then resign already and prove it
Oh so I guess enough time has passed since the Fla school shootings that you can safely kiss ass at the NRA again and pretend that you didn't say you were going to do something to protect kids. Who's afraid of the NRA?

You are right the UK has tight gun controls & that we have recently had a serious problem with knife crime. Fortunately casualties from UK knife crime are but a drop in the ocean compared to those from US gun incidents & we thank god that we have no equivalent to you and the NRA
Looked http://again.No  mention of firearms in the bible.The right to freedom,God given.The right to own anAR 15,not so much.
Hearing trump say the words "timeless values" is as believable as if putin said he is working for peace. Except I do believe him in one aspect, timeless values for him is the white man in a position of authority
Hey shit for brains, Did YOU FORGET THAT YOU TOOK AN OATH?
Great 
You only support law enforcement that isn’t investigating your many crimes
If you support law enforcement, why are you trying to corrupt the FBI and libel and slander FBI and Justice Department officials?
Disgusting that you have the time to speak to this lobbying group at length and pander to their donors and have nothing but thoughts and prayers for victims of gun violence.

#NRAsLittleBitch
THK U PRESIDENT TRUMP 4 UR STRENGTH, UR CLEAR VISION, UR FAITH IN THE PEOPLE OF THE US, UR BELIEF IN OUR CONSTITUTION, FOR PROTECTING CITIZENS, FOR REBUILDING OUR ECONOMY, FOR UPHOLDING OUR IMMIGRATION LAWS, 4 SUPPORTING OUR VETS & OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT, 4 UR  TENACITY. THANK U !
"We believe in the rule of law..."

So does Mueller. 

#TickTock #MuellerComingForYou
Well mr trump you say British hospitals are full of blood due to knife crime x well your schools are full of blood due to your incompetence to recognise your gun crimes ... no wonder the English are against your visit. You really have a runaway mouth without any thought.
This is possibly one of the most hypocritical moments on a stage for him!  He has no regard for religious convictions.  In his mind, HE is supreme!
You make me laugh and sick to my stomach at the same time.
Sure killing kids are timeless values for you & the @NRA
Boss
So guns come from God? You're a nut. #ShitholePresident #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #MuellerIsComingForYou
You mean that you support men and women of law enforcement as long as they're shooting blacks, deporting brown immigrants (even if they have legal documentation to be here), and (this is the big one) NOT INVESTIGATING YOU.
Congratulations, it only took 1 meeting with the NRA for them to fully lobby you to their side. It sucks too because its not the NRA as an organization rather the few executives like @DLoesch that dilute the mission of the NRA completely to serve Gun manufacturer's.

