Bot!  This profile pic is on countless accounts.
More Americans are killed by White American males. So pipe down there dumbalina.
That doesn’t fit their narrative tho
Duuuuuude! You smoking weed on 4/20? Where do you get your crazy info? Even Rasmussen has you falling and they only call landlines (old people who have no idea what year it is) https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/adults/ …

Well the harsh truth is Puerto Rico is a territory. The people living in real states of the union come first.
No. US aquired PR 100 years ago. Just like they acquired CA, HI, AK, TX, etc. CA was acquired only 170 years ago. US federal govt is as responsible for PR as it is for CA, etc. US citizens are just undereducated about geography and civics and that’s why many of them think that.
PR is a territory, not a state. PR actually do not have to adhere to some federal regulations. Go get your self more education
And that makes people from Puerto Rico less Americans? Or with less rights over other citizens? You are the one that needs to be educated 
Yes in fact they do have less rights/freedom then the states of America... Oh but your Twitter law degree will differ from fact
No I am not 35... I'm 36 read and do simple math to find facts. Also I just started this account.  And haven't really been on here
can you believe that on a day when most people were working, except those traveling to pay respect to Mrs. Bush, that you played golf? You are a national embarrassment. .
Yes I can.  You endorsed Alex Jones by praising him during a campaign rally and he screamed about chemicals in the water in our water supply that were "turning the fricken frogs gay!" then proceed to calmly lead me to his websites store page that sold all kinds of water filters.
#LiarInChief #DirtBagPOTUS #DisgracePOTUS
Don't worry about it Barron. Er, Donald.
Trump here you go on tangent in your alternate reality, espousing your usual http://gibberish.You  are a LIAR!!!
Nobody who has a microgram of intelligence believes you con man.

this tweet is pretty cool, but you know what's even cooler? alt text

You are The Man!!!
I pray America does get tired of all the fake stories, fake scandals, and vote Dems out! They blame you and Republicans for what they have done, or are doing. #MAGA
Thank you POTUS for saving America. MAGA
"and".  The word you are looking for is "and" in the second-to-last sentence. 

You'd think with such small hands you wouldn't make so many typos.
I believe him!! You’re on a island
*an island
No bad stories from the real Media, just FOX Entertainment who pretends to be a news organization.  FOX is pure propaganda.  Alex Jones may get bumped from the biggest conspiracy spreader in history.  Sorry Alex (NOT)
 93% bad stories... You just pulled that number out of your butt!! I simply don't understand why all news agencies except FOX would be in a conspiracy to report so called fake news?? Occam's Razor says that the single odd one out is the one telling the lies (Faux News)...
MAKE AMERICA SANE AGAIN.
#Redwave2018

I believe it 100% because the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN people are SMARTER than the media! They don't fall for the LIES! We see the RESULTS! And they are AMAZING!!!
WRONG just to ignorant to listen to the TRUTH
I would like to send a clear message around the world
just how many people actually support @realDonaldTrump 

Please Retweet!!
The President Will See This!

Let’s try this again (lol)
I don't believe this poll.
A real Trump supporter. Everything that doesn't go your way is #FakeNews. I don't know if it's sad or hilarious.
Rasmussen is trump leaning and not accurate. All other polls have him in the high 30’s.
What difference does it make. He never did good in pre election polls but won by a huge margin.
Hillary winning popular vote by 3 million votes = Trump winning by 'yuuge' margin. Got it.
President Trump kicked her fat arse in the election and Hillary had dead people and illegals voting for her so no sweetie she won nothing!
Nope.  Don’t believe it because it’s BS.  Try quoting a reputable poll next time.
Don't you have some kind of job to do? You've been tweeting like crazy today. Do something.
God bless your soul mr president your doing a magnificent job
Well... this is a lie... as most of what you say...

You are the best President in my lifetime.  Thank you! #QAnon #POTUS #InternetBillofRights  #Q  #MAGA #WWG1WGA
Lol at least you said ‘my’ and not ‘our’.
What one poll? I thought all polls are wrong. You can’t have it both ways lol.
The same one that said Hillary would win by a landslide.
You had low numbers on election day.
Yup low illegal immigrant and dead people numbers. But the electoral numbers pretty good. When will you realize the election is over Hillary lost.

Just keep telling yourself that, you sleaze ball.
انتم تريدون. العالم العربي والإسلامي. تكره. السعوديه. وتريدون عزالها. عن العالم. وانتم.  لا تخافون من اَي مخلوق على وجه الارض.  وتخشىون   الرجال. اولاسماء. التي هزات علماء مريكا وبريطانيا  ورسيا والعالم.   وأريدوا اذكركم
“86% of statisticians truly hate their f**** jobs.” -Todd Snyder
BRAVO #MAGA
WTF EXACTLY HOW DERANGED ARE YOU
There you go again. Making up stories as you go. The fake news comes from you and Your very own state run news channel Fox News. I can’t wait for Mueller to finish his investigation. And lock you up for treason!
BEST PRESIDENT EVER
BEST VICE PRESIDENT EVER
BEST FIRST LADY EVER
Best porn star ever


Spanky, now you believe the polls?  Your zombies may get confused.  Oh well, guess all good things must come to an end.
Very Clear to see you have what it takes to get the job done. The fake news has a way of making it different. “Keep hitting them where it hurts”
AMAZING
If you believe all that, I’ve got a horse to sell you. 
Is it the one your profile picture?
Haha! Good one!
Personally, I try not to stoop to the level of attacking looks and name calling. But, I know whose lead you’re following. Must follow example of dear leader.
I'll assume that's a yes?
Dude.  You have zero room to talk about anyone's looks.
Says no avi having fake account.

Ohhh o ET is BACK
No that’s your back, sweets, cause bots don’t show their faces .
FOXNews has many employees who are Democrats in total opposition to Trump. They voice this opposition every day in intelligent conversations that represent both sides. Fox has radical left democratic guest every day or almost every program. Network media should be ashamed.
What Fox News do you watch? Hannity is veering into Alex Jones territory.
Shepard Smith liberal, Juan Williams , Dana Perino, and the redhead guy. I wish they were gone. Hannity is the BEST!!
Again fake news is tRump news..
yohe
Swampman....
More fake news out of the white house
Finally a politician, keeping his promises,  even though,  he has  all kinds of fences to do it.Don't you wish they would help President Trump? He could get even more done, oh wait,  that's their goal.Why don't they give real input,  and all be a part of greatness.
Fake polls.
U did?? That's terrific!  Hang in there. May you have the strength of Sampson and the wisdom of Solomon, and Trust in the Lord w all your heart. "Beware when all men speak well of you" Don't worry about all people. Just please God. Praying 4 u!
Love  the fake news. They are more intellectual.

quit crying about fake news and act like a leader. You can do that can't you?
More Trump lies!!!   Your poll numbers suck with all legitimate and reputable polling organizations.  Your poll numbers are as small as the crowds on your Inauguration Day were minuscule like your hands.  #TrumpLies
You are right, Mr. President. Many people love you and see through all the nonsense that's in the press.
Are these percentages based on the “bad stories” figures /numbers or the “imaginary numbers in my head, like crowd sizes” figures?  Just curious about the source. You know, facts.
I was at the crowds...they were huge...every one...and long and wide lines outside after the places were full! Looping back and forth in the parking lots!
Do something good, then they will have something good to report.  You do know that’s how it works, right?

@WhiteHouse @FLOTUS @Cabinet @VP #operationpotus Two days ago u said despite witch hunts u have highest poll numbers-not for long if u keep our voices secret,if u ignore our pleas for ur help,stop the charade! How can u say parents are now great again whenu ignore the truth?
@FoxNews has helped by replaying FNM clips.  Exposing them, while broadcasting the truth, is making a difference. MAGA!  We're with you.
Session allowing All Political criminals to stay out of jail so they can continue to sabotage U & Country . WE NEED YOU to continue to restore America & put the People back in Charge.
And still your numbers are low compared to the attention the #MelaniaandObama  happy pic received lmbo Obama beat U!
I don't watch MSM. Was there some bad news about you? The world is wise to what's really going on. Tribunals for mockingbirds.
A proven liar calling out liars. Over 2,000 lies caught just since 2017 and counting. You have no real credibility and discrediting our journalistic society to serve your agenda weakens our American freedoms and values but I think that’s your intention. Goodbye American Dream .
Trump 2020!! A man who loves this country!!
It's not spelt p-r-e-s-s Donald, it's spelt P-r-e-s-i-d-e-n-t.
I can believe that Melania will not visit you in Federal Prison.
Just keep thinking that. We are losing our standing in the World because you will not respect the rule of law and/or you just do not care about America.
#FakeTan #FakePresident
#TrumpTheTerrible
#DonaldTheDeceiver
Hey @realDonaldTrump the teacher last rally in Denver today was bigger than your inauguration.

The poles holding the flags at the white house are higher than any non-partisan true polling of your approval rating.
 
GREAT JOKE.
Love this President... Truth shall set us free...
Umm..he's gotta learn what truth is first...
Filling the airways with only positive stories is what they call propaganda.
Keep up the Great Work! Proud you are my President!
Off your meds again???
You’re the only president that’s ever cried about “FAKE NEWS”. Stop crying about fake news and make some real news.
"Make some real news" Tf does that even mean mate?
Create history. Stop crying about bull shit people are saying
You misspelled an abbreviation - “press”. It is correctly abbreviated “Pres.”

Unfortunately Hitler was a more effective leader. He actually led his nation and had their unanimous support, even if it was for all the wrong reasons. @realDonaldTrump is just a dotard loser.
Woow
keep dreaming donnie! you're a legend in your own mind!
Please just shut up!!
Why don’t you execute an executive order putting these media organizations in there place very simple fix!!. Idea any news organizations reporting false news should get band from tv how about that
I LIKE IT!!!!!
Here we go with more fake news
Maybe when you start calling REAL news just news instead of "fake news" you'll get your stupid poll numbers out there
Americans are smarter than the MSM.. we are watching.. we are a God fearing nation, we love our constitution and our bill of rights, we love our God, We support you POTUS.. MAGA
#TRUMP-MAGA........#OBAMA-MAGGY
Cherl - maggot!
Our President and FLOTUS ROCK!!!
I cherish the free press, with the GOP controlling all 3 branches of government, the task is on them to keep the GOPs power in check, and to protect the legitimacy of our Republic
No.
I didn't believe Fake News.

Make America great again by getting you the duck out of office!!!!
Really
You’re delusional
Actually the America public is wise to your dishonesty and attempt to end democracy in America. Polls show the voters by a large margin consider you very dishonest.
America is great, has been great and will always be great despite all the damage you have done, Mr golden showers...
Trump generates more fake news than any other sources in the US combined.
The only thing that is fake is your illegitimate Presidency!!!
Making America is quite phenomenal and respect the unity we stand for . It’s about time we come together because at the end of the day we got one leader .
I almost feel sorry for the butt hurt #Democrats on this thread.Almost.
to R Williams......Point well taken.......thanks.....
Yup, and when Trumpy Bear arrives he’ll ride on my Harley with me to Sturgis
Please keep working for us! The intelligent voters DO see through the media smoke and mirrors!

Trumpy Bear and I will be moving around so folks know we’re every where
What criminal injustice has trump done?
Can you believe that despite your quoting phony poll numbers, there are still about a dozen people in this country who BELIEVE you?  America is not worried.  You’ll be in prison garb before you know it! Oh. Melania likes Obama more than you.

#presidunce
ধন্যবাদ
How about cementing the 60+ votes in the senate this midterm by writing that E.O. to mandate e-verify, which protects American's job, thus delivering on your promise to #MAGA #MASA
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahaha 
What polls are you seeing?  Someone is showing you fake news.
So then you’re saying that 93% of the favorable news ever reported about “The Apprentice” was wrong because the “fake news media” never gets it right? Ug. Just a reminder, without a free press, we are not the America you say you want to make great. #1stAmendment #stopit
to K Kirkwood & others.... Oh; And no political bias from places like CNN, MSNBC, Wash/Post, NY Times, etc????.....Ya think??
Because you are HISTORY....you will go down as the Greatest American President...well along with Jefferson & Washington... We LOVE YOU @realDonaldTrump & we Stand with you
Your name will go down in the history of American presidency but for a very bad reason . Very shameful . Making America baaaaaad .
Great job Mr. President.
Is the tequila talking again??
Yep all gang members living in Chicago
Delusion is a well established symptom suffered by people with syphilis. You brain must look like a chunk of Swiss cheese.
He makes her happy..let her go
@pennie_fay #MAGA! #KeepiAmericaGreat! I hope you civilly sue everyone who spoke wrongly of you after your #Trumps2ndTerm! Hit them with Liable & Slander! I've never seen nor heard such disdain & disrespect for any President. You're going to be the best in history! PIAB!
We are just not listening to them or watching them tune out turn off !! Fox is the only news Medea I trust !
Give Americans a story to increase your poll numbers.
Get Reality Winner free on bond.
She has been treated unfairly since June 3, 2017 over information the American people already knew.
#FreeRealityWinner
#Justice4Reality

Went on a site to vote against Trump but no place to do so. It counted me voting for just cause I was on the page!
Talk about #FakeNews !
Rock on Mr. President

The chemical attacks in Syria that was real fake. will never vote for you again. UN and Nato are also FAKE.
America was great til you came along. and it will be great again when you no longer are President.
Well it’s now known you spent overnight in Moscow, despite you lying about it. #resist  #Russiagate #PeeTape
Trump can you stop all this tweeting grow up.  I don’t want to hear all of your lies. Put on a uniform and go fight along with the soldiers.  You didn’t join when you were young try it now.
Poll numbers just show people. More important is how you feel yourself from you heart.
Great job President Trump.
#MAGA - keep up the good work.
It's wake up America day. Eventually the truth does win. We can't be living in today's world and not be aware of what is happening around us and everything is moving in a good direction thanks to you mr. President
This is real news
So full of it
Thank you President Trump . May God continue to bless and guide  protect the First family and toh  you and family America and
Can you believe that there is no generally accepted definition of "fake news." So Trump is making up a statistic just to fire up his base.

Oh, the outrage of fake news, peddled by our fake president! Time to throw both out with the dirty bathwater.
Ah making up stats again??? That is what you do best. YOU ARE the ONLY FAKE President !!!

You still got my vote. #MAGA2020
How about the lies @PressSec said in today’s briefing? You taught her well. Last job she will ever have 
Please stop deciding the country.  You address acting like a dictator towards the news media.
Keep telling yourself that. Saying it doesn’t make it true.
You seem to cherry pick the polls and people you quote, yet you call others fake news? #FakePresident
You’re a fake president

#grownups
#thatsarealsmile
#realpresidents
#wheresdonald
#donaldknowshedoesntbelonginthisgroup
America was great but you messed it up again! Glad you will be out between 3 months to 2 years max !!!!
We are so proud of you Mr. President, standing up to the Swamp, and Making America Great again!
We have to read between the lines America's are not stupid. America is Great still not tired of winning. Got Bless.
I agree make America great again.If people would back off your @$$ and let you focus on the important things.instead of your sex life and how evil you are.the world would b a better place. Your thoughts should b on protecting America not some bimbo or a impeachment in the future.
Donny, me boy, please stop trying to micromanage the world and especially the US.  Try listening to people who actually know something instead of just listening to your gut.
Agree
America will be great when you worry about being president and stop tweeting
Thank you Mr President!
I would just love to see those facts because I'm sorry I just do not believe that one bit ! POTUS HAS DONE Lotta good for this country Obama did nothing but bring us down !  Evil spirt filled by one world system
You mean THIS???

Can you believe that 93% of statistics are made up on the spot
Liar, liar, pants on fire 
How many John Barron's answered this poll?
Yep doing a Great Job
Sigh, where did that figure, "93%" come from. Did you not cite, in kolledje?
I thought you didn't trust polls???
Here’s a concept you’re so damned rich why don’t you buy the press then you can print what you want & quit bitchin’
Dream on in your crazy little world.
He really needs to get a new hair stylist for his inauguration in 2020
Just get to work.  Your allowing all the chatter from social media.  The president shouldn't have time for this nonsense.  He needs to be focused on running the country and not all the gossip and distractions.
Sir you are making America great again despite working in the swamp
FAKE president

Are you bragging about 40%??
How can any1 reading ALL these 1/2 truths not read btween the lines. Cant blieve people r so easily manipulated by a charmer w/ empty promises 4 votes not 2 mention the careless ness? of an unsecured server jeopordizing lives of our soldiers & US. MISTAKE? Or favor. $$$$
MAGA!!!
Still not buying your bullshit.
Is this how Hitler started? Need help from history majors.
MAGA!!!!
We don't believe a lying word from the FAKE NEWS media!  They are a joke!
