We know what happens when you endorse a candidate.
We can’t have establishment hacks anymore. They have held up progress in 2017-2018. Imagine what we could’ve accomplished if we had a Congress loyal to Trump rather than to big donors!
WE MUST PRIMARY THE RINOS! We can NOT let Democrats or RINOS hold these offices anymore. AMERICA FIRST or WE ARE VOTING YOU OUT OF TOWN!
you

I’m a Tennessee Republican and EVERYTHING Don just said about Marsha Blackburn is FALSE. She is HORRIBLE for Tennessee. And, frankly, Trump isn’t welcome here.
True. That’s why we need term limits and fresh brains in elected positions. I believe career politicians, rich donors, and lobbyists have done more harm than good to our gov’t and our attitudes toward it. That course brought us to Trump. Time for change. 
It needs to be 51%.
Why? Don't you believe in science?
Oh GOD help us!! Thankfully we have a very strong and proven leader running against her who has represented the people of TN very very well for years!!
Oh man!!  Poor lady, that’s an L right off the rip!

#POTUS #KanyeWest

Ahhh kitty bad kitty! That Russian thing is old news! Don’t you know the country is waking up!
#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp #FuckfaceVanClownstick
Oh boy you just doomed her. You have zero political credibility.
You probably ought to focus on your OWN re-election.....
Your endorsement is a death sentence to a campaign.
Oh Marsha ... you just got the kiss of death ... might as well pack it in now!
Well Marsha there goes your chances of getting elected
Not tweeted by Trump.

Uh oh, your endorsement usually makes people lose.  Phil Bredesen is leading in all of the polls, so keep up the endorsement.  It only helps the Democrats! #Midterms2018
RESIGN!!!!
Your endorsement is the kiss of death!!!
Trump will be the greatest two term President we have ever seen..... True American!!!
Marsha is MAGA!
Vote for MARSHA!

Vote for MAGA!
Dear RINOs: Please exit in 2018.

Thanks,
America
Dear TRUMP fans: Please exit in 2020 as Trump won't be reelected. 

Thanks,
America
Who’s the libtard candidate, Stormy or Hogg???
Don't you think libtard is Childish and insulting. I know your Trump throws out childish insults but, he belongs in a playpen. 
To insult a young man, smart, articulate who was in shooting..unacceptsble. How would you feel if someone was nasty to them.
Your reply is insulting to me. Your President. No he’s our President who gave up everything to put our country back on track. Playpen? That’s insulting!
But very, very true!
Awesome douche ! 

Everything you touch dies ! 

Thank you .. America lol
Please no more tweeting. #unpresidential
LOL. No one likes you.
She’s nearly as awful a monster as you are.

http://bit.ly/2AW7HCp 

You nearly got me. 
That's ok, we don't want you anyway. loser bot.
And name calling is the only thing you got? Pathetic!
With your endorsement she will LOSE! Rightfully so as will all Republicans
Когда Терезу казнить будите?
@MarshaBlackburn reacting to Trump's kiss of death/endorsement.
Please save Lithuania woman Neringa Venskeine. Now you have god role you are not establish. In Lithuania most likely  they kill her , she discover pedophile network in judge system.3 weeks a go priest wrote you a letter, there is a reason why, we bielieve in you!
#RedWave !!
Kiss of death!
She will add to the Trump endorsement losing streak.
This ensures that she will lose now

Yes, she is a champion at spreading disinformation and deceit - just like the DJT regime demands from its accomplices.
Lol. You just killed her chances of winning
trumpcancer activate!
I live in TN. She is a hateful woman and has done NOTHING for our state. It's time for Marsha to take a hike. VOTE HER OUT in 2018! Glad you endorsed her though. That's the kiss of death. LOL @POTUS


Jesus elected you to do Jesus work and you are doing it!!! Amen and thank you lord!!! #MAGA #TRUMP2020
Ummmmmm Jesus wasn’t real #1. 
If he was real, which he’s not, nobody has seen or heard from him in over 2,000 years.
And he isn’t a us citizen
If Jesus wants to come to the greatest nation in the universe he can get in line with the rest of them...and he better have a marketable skill, too. None of this turning water into wine crap.
He’s a brown guy from the Middle East. No chance he’ll be let in
Only if he's a Saudi prince who wants to buy lots of guns and stuff.
The U-S of As do have standards.
[I see an opportunity to drop the Bannon gif] 
He knows he is getting surrounded by evil so he is putting up his defences.
Ummmm what are you talking about?  Come back to Earth Ashlyn
Everyone you endorse loses.
If a democrat wins an election and it was only American citizens voting and no cheating involved, I’d give it my full blessing. But I’m frankly tired of voter fraud and Americans are tired of the democrat party favoring illegal aliens. There I said it.
Don't brag about being stupid. There I said it.
Jude 1:2
#Mercy, #peace, and #love be multiplied to you.
#GOD protect our #Nation #JesusLoves  #OneNationUnderGOD
God protects those who protect themselves!  
No more, no less! 
Expect what you earn!

A new NPR/@NewsHour Marist poll finds 58 percent of voters would definitely vote against a candidate who supports arming teachers https://n.pr/2HLuDF0  
.

Election  2018lol
Love this wimen
I don't know who she is but I can only assume she's just the worst.
Don't be a negative hater, it's bad for your health.
Pathetic statement.
7 more years enjoy
With that punctuation and grammar, I can only assume you're Russian.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA  did it.  OMG still hurt cause you lost.  It'll be Ok little baby. .
What did I lose? I'm not even American.
Well go back home--- quite sick of you. Bye bye
as well as Stormy?
If you trust her, sir, then SO DO WE!
#MAGA2018
and just think, if you move to TN and establish residency, you can even vote for her.  But in the meantime, being up there in Alaska, it probably really doesn't matter how much you trust her or not.
Kind of like Hillery moving to NY!
Every Congressman votes on issues that affect EVERY American.
I take an interest in every national election in every state.
I don't agree with Trump per se, but I do agree with the issues he campaigned on so I promote people who are with him.
1/And that's fine and dandy, but it still comes back to this crux: will your support be meaningful for a Senate candidate in a state that you don't reside in? I'm originally from TN, but I live in FL now, but either way, me sitting here and going "Go Lisa Murkowski!
You live in FL and are putting some effort into responding to my posts!
So you think it strange that I assume that there are readers from TN?
You are the proof that what I say engages people from other states!
She has your full endorsement and you are gonna campaign for her??? Great!!!  She's lost!!!

While you guys are out there campaigning, remember, there are real people out here with real struggles. 
When life knocks you down-Get back up https://social.fund/ddypqh/  #socialfund

A master of meeting. trump

Well that should be the kiss of death for her.
She represents me an all those from Clarksville well !
DONALD TRUMP
A crackpot.


Ugh, I'm so sorry @MarshaBlackburn.  Do you have any plans now that your campaign has been ended?
Based upon passed performance, if @realDonaldTrump appointed her - she is grossly incompetent
Passed - Past
Go Marsha!!! #VoteMarshaBlackburn 
              

YES!!! I am going to stand in line tonight for front row seats to see you in Tennessee @POTUS!!! @MarshaBlackburn will be awesome for Tennessee!! #MAGA
VOTE FOR @PhilBredesen !!
 ........
Please don't  test  this  you falling  twice
well, that’s the kiss of death, right there!
Good I'm glad to hear that everyone you endorse loses
So, she’ll lose then, right?
Good luck sir!
Thanks POTUS for supporting a great patriot and true American

She's a nightmare.
No she is not a wonderful woman, because she supports you.  Pretty sure we will find out Cohen paid her off too.  Tennessee it is up to you to send Trump a message to turn Tenn blue.   Do not fall for Trump’s lies

@realDonaldTrump endorsement usually means death to a campaign. Just sayin’
An “kiss of death endorsement” - Tennessee’s you want more  Trump like polices that cut Medicare and increase insurance premiums while giving the wealthy big tax cuts forever which you will pay forever
REAL AMERICANS STAND UP FOR TRUMP. SLIME MEDIA & DEMS STAND UP FOR PORN STARS AND CRIMINAL FBI OFFICIALS. SO IMPORTANT WE MAKE SURE EVIL PELOSI NEVER BECOMES SPEAKER. VOTE GOP EVEN IF ITS JUST TO KEEP CONGRESS FOR TRUMP!!! #Israel70 #DemocratsHateAmerica #maga #trump #Trump2020
You made a mistake when you said Blackburn was a woman.

She's losing
We love @MarshaBlackburn #Tennessee #MAGA and #KAG Vote Marsha
Marsha BLACKBURN U DONt need COLLUSION TRUMPS ENDORSEMENT he needs yours to make him look LEGITIMATE, RUN DON’T WALK AWAY, if u RECOGNIZE COLLUSION TRUMP USES PEOPLE. YOUR PRIME FOR HIM!
Blackburn Is horrific. Vote her out
Who's crossing the border into Tennessee? Criminals from Georgia and Atlanta? OK, now your wall is going to far.
ok, thanks now I know who not to vote for...

TSTN NETWORK!~}}8> THE REASON
Twenty-Eight Counts of Treason
TSTN NETWORK!~}}8> THE PROCEEDINGS...
Military Tribunals Coming: How You Can Help
ah kiss of death Marsha dear, he's a jinx and that's on a good day
So you are giving your 'kiss of defeat' to ms. Blackburn. I can't think of anyone who deserves it more. Enjoy Marsha.
Too bad she has your support. You are political poison.
Toxic poison is the word, absolutely your correct!!! She deserves much better Than him.
Kiss of death.

@SandraTXAS @MarshaBlackburn good one my p
She's a Jesuit- nuff said....No more political injustice
LET’S NOT HAVE ANOTHER JUDGE  MOORE ENDORSEMENT DISASTER AGAIN !!!!!! 
OPIODS KILL !!!
She's nuts
From someone who lives in TN. She is trash!
Can't wait to see you President Trump!
Awesome...now we know she's gonna lose....Thanks
Womanizer

Good morning Lynn !
Beso de muerte. Also #PEEGATE is starting to go hard. Resign. Save you, wife and son the embarrassment also that wierdo pence take him with you.
I SEEN YOUR PETER ON INSTAGRAM
thank you for helping us flip that seat. goooooo Phil Bredesen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you got this!
Oh oh the kiss of death
Who seriously wants your endorsement?
Well, she just lost that election.
Sucks for @MarshaBlackburn she just got endorsed by you!! 

You just basically told ppl who not to vote for.

#kissofdeath
She’ll lose if you show up.
Do you know what else happened in Tennessee yesterday? Oh wait? Brown people killed by a white guy...nothing to see here!
@MarshaBlackburn Do you have any comment or are you busy shitting yourself now that #DotardDonnie has endorsed you? Good luck in November.
No peeing in pool
Are you sure she wants you?
Another kiss of death endorsement!
I wonder how long till Blackburn realizes you’ve given her the kiss of death?
GOP desires her to loose is my guess
Marsha Blackburn rejects the theory of evolution.

Happy to hear Tennessee needs border security! You know Tennessee is only a few thousand  miles from border. And Mexico is making us foot the bill. I still can’t believe people believed your $25 billion lie. I’m an idiot for believing you in first place. Shame on me.
Hahaha, she's going down in Tennessee
She's probably crying right now knowing that because you endorse her she's going to lose LOL when are you doing a rally in California? We know what happens after you've had a toxic rally or endorsed someone....they lose 
@JCAPoquoson @MarshaBlackburn To Be Next Tennessee Governor!! Hook me up with your East TN Team!

#Bill'sLoverIsRandyBoyd
I’m sure trump thinks that the republican governor of Missouri is also a wonderful man!
Kiss of death for her then ! 
Wrong. She flat out sucks. Tennessee needs better.
And Marsha receives the political kiss of death... yayyy!!
Let's toss a few more dollars @PhilBredesen's way
She's already down -10. Waffle House shooting hurts her
Thank you for being there to campaign for her.  Since the Tea Partiers have  been exposed as ideological frauds, you'll drive that point home. @StephenFincher
One of the people's favorites. You need a lot more like her to lead. The haters need to go.
Don't you ever do any work? Stop tweeting and do something.
Marsha Blackburn doesn't want you campaigning with her, DJT! She wants to WIN!! You have a terrible track record...Whoever you campaign for LOSES!!!
Another One Bites the Dust

Marsha Blackburn will NOW  lose...
#everythingtrumptouchesdies
That’s the kiss of death right there. Sorry Marsha. (Not really)
If you campaign with and for her, consider her gone. So, yes please go full force in her favor. Ask the other 2 that you campaigned for...
.@realDonaldTrump Still waiting for your tweet on #Nashville #WaffleHouse. You know. The four people of color who were murdered. The Black man who saved the lives of others. You know. Those people.
Chump support. The kiss of death.
All bots and Russians.
un oh there's the kiss of death!
That's bad for her.
My vote is for Marsha!  Thank you President Trump
is almost exactly what they say about a person.. means they dont know her. just that she will vote for trump and his wishes when asked. *we the people..say NO! ..to this implant.
she will not work for you! she will not work to make your life better!! NO to Marsha!!
Ouch. He's given her the kiss of death. #ETTD
A great Patriot!!#MAGA
Blackburn is loony.
I kyxijli jn b vbcn ggvg
Ok now I
  ovvi up h v ok up on pvv ok j I nbi in look
Finally a comment about what is happening in TN. Of course, the election isn’t the only thing happening there.
I'm so glad Marsha Blackburn has your full support, Mr. Trump!  As has already been shown/proved, an endorsement from you is the kiss of death for any Repub candidate. 
The tweet of death for any candidate's career.  Bye-bye Marsha!
Aw, that’s sweet that you think your endorsement is of any value whatsoever.  I guess this is goodbye, Marsha!
Bahahahaha
Marsha&Cruz r behind in the polls to two well-educated,savvy businessmen (Beto in Tx&Bredsen in Tn).Hot air of life -long career politicians is easy,but USA elects businessmen as u,Bredsen &Beto of Tx.I thought GOP like businessmen who create jobs not career govt hacks
....and your endorsement for her is an excellent reason to vote for @PhilBredesen!
Uh-oh, .@MarshaBlackburn — you know what this means, don’t you? #kissofdeath
Picked the next LOSER? LMAO!!! EVERYONE you "endorse" LOSES! So do you WANT her to win, OR are you setting her up to LOSE so you can WHINE about a "rigged" system again? Lol 

#FearTheEndorsement
Of course SPANKY likes Blackburn, she is almost as IGNORANT as he is!
That hasn’t been working so well for @GOP candidates has it? Having you show up to brag & lie about yourself doesn’t seem to help them with their constituents who aren’t electing people to be your puppet. @GOPLeader @SpeakerRyan @SteveScalise @GOPChairwoman @thehill @politico @AP
The endorsement of death- love it!

Not voting for you or her. #BlueWave2018
Watch out @MarshaBlackburn. Trump just gave you the kiss of death.
She has President Spanky's full endorsement, which means she's going to loose.
#TrumpIsTheKissOfDeath
Marsha Blackburn is just the worst
Oh good then she is sure to lose
I'm very proud of my President and I pray everyday for our great country and everybody's safety #MAGA #Americafirst
Good - then she'll be sure to lose.
Oh great that will guarantee her loss!
Sure she wants your endorsement?
https://lm.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DWCXBIxkZ8O8%26t%3D0s%26index%3D8%26list%3DPLSy9rh-oP6FsjxNrWfb2th5e2p9n78Gwi&h=ATP0QLShLf9xMZ4q12Bhd4qh7diQJ_X1CEuREApGzm4JiRSyKFHl2NBTu3VJu5HHqKcrBc9_0t4h2AX47QkchsrpiX0Q7WE6u7pvP4lJ6ZzNnqLXobrapRu8xtCRnk-kHSR_t7D1Yx0XirP0dp7LvlF8_CY-zOnLO3JgfTNvYVyS86kFVG3P6wLvOjLWHCeIKyeUEWUTMDlNSgGMtjE6D4ETsgOrB77GT5cs6QyM6G-BUNWjhXtoJU9xWcLeBq-J8HzqCSAadLRXzHtCgOf-nPpvAL4_tfLUh-YDdVSd3lVu-9oCeKerDp2SSJayXtbZZECTxpJ7KeNHb2hKNYn2AYSp2EKjCUkVFlvLYKkVkw …
Based on ur recent track record, Marsha might want u to stay the hell out of town!
