I don't get why people support illegals. That's like supporting someone who cuts you in line at the grocery store and demanding you pay for their groceries...
Our entire country was based on immigration Maybe you have forgotten this
No I remember just fine. Mom and I flew back to Japan every 6mo to avoid deportation and letting our visas run out. I remember my mom filing out paperwork for a green card. I remember joining the army and earning my citizenship.There are rules! Maybe you forgot about that!
Joining the military doesn’t give you citizenship. 
I also said "earned" not "handed to me on a silver platter." Smh...
“Wasn’t handed to me” .... “the military paid for it” ... talk out of both sides of your mouth much??
Yoh implied I got it for joining. I earned it by applying...simple.
You talked in a big circle. My original statement remains. Joining the military doesn’t give you citizenship.
Your administration must end.
You are a child of illegal immigration. So is your child.
Legal immigrants
Good luck Dear Leader.
Please make E-VERIFY a law immediately to help with these illegals coming here!!!!
Please DJT!!
#CincoDeMayo #BuildTheWall


I wrote a letter to my CongressmanHe Said that I was on Crackand by early next morninghe sent my letter backhe wrote upon it! Return to Sender @MsAvaArmstrong @MzMJ106 @MichaelsANewman @foxtrotmike1112 @HorseShort can I get a amen or some ?
Amen
It's funny because it's true (Fat Tony) "The Simpsons"
Do you ever read your replies?
Wow sir ,, build that wall ,, very tired of all the people from other country’s taking all the jobs !! If I was not retired I would take their jobs and kick them out !!
Yes!!!  So am I, Walter. If you're not a Native American, you should be on the other side of that wall!
Very well put Sheri!!! I'm guessing ol Walter never picked and packed fruit for less than minimum wage before he "retired  "
I don't think so. And he definitely didn't pick maze. Like the natives !!
You are doing a GREAT JOB MR. President. All democrats know to do is destroy everything we hold dear in America. Oh please tell Michelle Obama that she is not the forever first lady she was barely first lady when she was in the White House.
You take ignorance and stupidity to a whole new level. #resist

Well Clinton actually had sexual relations with Monica in the Oval Office while he was president, and was impeached for perjury and obstruction of justice. What Slutty Stormy is whinnying about happened 6yrs before Trump became president. #LeftLogic 
So ur saying that if we find out that Trump has had affairs WHILE he's president that we SHOULD impeach him. 

#LowHangingFruit
Dena, for your edification, Clinton was not impeached for having an affair while president, he was impeached for lying about it. I think that Trump more than satisfies that criteria. 
I never said he was impeached for having an affair 
Ok, I'll bite. . . So if Trump had an affair as pres, it's found he LIED 2 Amer ppl about Stormy & he obstructed justice in terms of--where do I start--Stormy payment or #TrumpRussia or Comey firing or Cohen raid, then he should be impeached like Clinton. Do I got it right now?
If he violated campaign rules then he should be fined just like Obama was for violating campaign rules ($350,00 to be exact) and him firing Come is his right as president. They are looking into Cohen not Trump. The only collusion I see is between Dems& Russia.
Lol. Oh c'mon. You're drinking the Jim Jones koolaid, sucked in by a dynamic LIAR, and it's going to bite you in the heinie. I will concede that it's not collusion; it's Conspiracy w a foreign enemy, Conspiracy against America , aka treason. 

My views; your views. Oh well...
A New Documentary Just Exposed Trump Tower As A Hotbed Of Russian Mob Activity [WATCH HERE]
You can watch the Video
If as evidence suggests in this video that Donald Trump knew those he did business with were criminals and engaging in criminal activity with them, that makes him a party to that crime and a felon.
We are behind you,
Most come legally and overstay. A wall is just an epic waste of money to please your deplorables.
Yeah they "overstay" like forever.
We'll see how THAT one goes.... @POTUS All mixed up @WhiteHouse
You presidency is what needed most to to end.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
#Resist #Impeach #GunControlNow #NeverAgain #votethemout #MarchForOurLives #LockHimUp #FuckfaceVanClownstick
Good luck with that. Remember we're talking about the do nothing nutless pussy cat repub party. Hiding out under their beds. They're worthless.
Do you do anything besides tweeting?! You should not even get a salary. Tweeting and playing golf, you would be fired from any company.
Ignorant
Ok just like your draining the swamp  talk cheep
保护边界，一场战争正在产生，捍卫美国
I thought we already demanded, you need to take it to a higher level
...of the people, BY THE PEOPLE, for the people...
Sound familiar?

Shut up!
It's an election year, you're not going to do shit.

Where's my wall?

Why are you attacking Syria?

Did Hillary use Chucky powers to swap bodies with you?
The walls being built tho
No the Wall is not being built.  Those pictures Trump showed, was just the current fence being repaired.  Trump was just lying to all of us again.
If you're wondering what that stink is in the White House, you might wanna check out Neil Cavuto's show from yesterday: 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/morning-mix/wp/2018/05/04/foxs-cavuto-to-trump-thats-your-stink-mr-president-thats-your-swamp/ …
Time for you to go!!!!!
I would happily support building a wall if @realDonaldTrump was on the other side of it
Do you support our POTUS? (Retweet after voting!)
We The People Are Going To 
DEMAND that Congress 

#ImpeachTrump


Do you expect you’ll be tweeting with the same regularity from Rikers Island, Tubby?
You will be replaced along with Congress long before any wall is built.  Even the boarder patrol says all the crime and drugs come through regular channels.
I think That demanding anything from Americans is bad form   I pity the fool!
Start packing
You meant that to be Jeff sessions in that cartoon I think
Heard dems and libs are passing off Mexican illegals as Puerto Ricans giving them fake IDs to get them in. Hope you plan to check each state to make sure illegals with fake IDs r deported. Understand California, many need deported, so do other states. Florida being one of them.
We have a big problem with immigration. Illegals coming in using fake IDs. Many have criminal backgrounds. Our neighborhood has many illegals. Crime is high, a string of breakins. One neighbor was even attacked. This must stop.




We’ll start by jailing you.
Your presidency must end.
It will January 2025
I've got as much chance as Trump of being reelected. He's reviled. Watch in November.
There may not be a Democratic Party left by November
HAHAHAHAHAHA LMAO OMG You live in an alternate reality and what striking irony as the Republican party crumbles around Drumpf.

Wow, yet he is quickly becoming one of the most successful Presidents, in history!
Very interesting!
YES YES YES
Dear Mr. President. I am a Canadian who disagrees with Justin from Canada that the surge of illegal immigrants across our border is your fault. This lies directly on him for his Welcome to Canada tweet and for not deporting illegal border crossers. I wish you were our leader.

It's the lowest in decades. The border is secure. They want more technology and more agents. That's all they need. We don't want no stinking wall.
Yes we do
You aren't the majority. Only the ignorant minority who has fallen for the trump lies.
Who won?
Illegal presidencies must end.
Yes they must, they should have started that process with #44...
I’m curious. How exactly was his presidency illegal?  He won the electoral college, AND the popular vote. No other country interfered with our elections to help Obama out. So ....
How is Trumps presidency illegal?
I didn’t say it was. U said Obama’s was and I want to know ur reasons.
Your a joke. Yes, you!!!!
Keep trying to convince yourself
MR.PRESIDEN DID YOU KNOW THEY CROSSED THE BORDER WHY ISN'T OUT GOVERNMENT DOING ANYTHING
Increasing the numberof employees in the Department of Immigration and funding activities concerning Border Patrol will solve the problem. If the United States of America handled that, then building a wall might not be necessary.
He’s a master at this, anyway...
They should build it out of Hillary's emails.
No one can get over them.
Agreed!  That’s hilarious!
How about this. Illegal immigration will stop when you stop. Now that sounds like a fair deal. Does it not?

Mueller has them already
Like should’ve thought  of that when @MELANIATRUMP was coming to America! Hats of to Rudy for spilling the TRUTH! Cannot put the toothpaste back in the tube #FAKEPRESIDENT The boys are gonna lve you in prison #locktrumpup #ManUP #dictator #magaresign #NoMore
The invasion must be stopped by whatever means necessary! Deploy the military, loudspeakers announcing that trespassers will not be allowed across the border PERIOD! TWEP No catch & release! REPEL!! Do NOT allow them to cross PERIOD!

Thanks no more coming in at the border they have to get in line. We can't take in all the people in the world that feels unsafe.
How about we put an end to birth tourism?
I mention Birth Tourism and how the Trump family is marketing and profiting from it to every trump supporter that starts ranting about illegal immigration. Most don’t comprehend what I am talking about.
#BirthTourism is quite disturbing. The fact that #Trump is not only alright with it but actively seeks the  $$$ it brings to his businesses is disgusting. #TrumpRussia
#BUILDTHEWALLDEPORTHEMALL
There will never be a wall. Get over it.
It’s being built in San Diego right now.
Lol!! No it’s not. There is no wall and there never will be one.
I’m going to remember this conversation and once you it’s build, I can’t wait to see your reaction.

#Winning
You do that... in the mean time I’ll sit over here laughing at people like you that think it’s getting built. 
Mueller investigation has 12 days to produce the phony memo! Rosenstein is going down! 2 FBI agents set to resign before the it report drops! Tables are about to turn in trumps favor let that sink in
 keep watching Faux News.
BUILD THE WALL
Don't forget mass shootings.
Seems like mass shootings and gun control would be priorities after speaking at an nra meeting yesterday!!!
Love my President
No one is listening to your rants or cares what you think.
I am Truly worried about The people who are Being Murdered in such sick ways All Over The World....A Islamic Take Over would not be in Any American's Best Interest...I am Sorry for The good Muslims among them but The Bad are Rotten and causing so Many Problems...The Radicals .
Must Be Stopped....The Anti White Hate Groups are Making me Nervous....He Head Hunters for The Female Grim Reaper as well as Isis are A Threat.......
You are in no condition to demand anything. In fact after the mid terms you will be impeached.
Wanna bet?

SHUT THE BORDERS 100% UNTIL THE WALL IS DONE!  NO H1B no Students then see how fast congress acts.
President Trump:

why does @newtgingrich endorse @TheRealJohnHCox for CA gov when Cox didn’t even VOTE for you, instead voting for Johnson, who is against Border control?

Please ask Newt wth his problem is. 

** VOTE @JoinTravisAllen for CA Governor 
@newtgingrich .. just because Cox donated to your campaign you are supporting this guy? Shameful. @JoinTravisAllen is the only republican who voted for President Trump! Cox will not work with Trump!! He hates him. Reconsider your support
Patriot Veteran @KernUnited sucker-punched by #ANTIFA illegal alien at 13:25 mark
Illegal aliens are terrorists. 
Alien to our culture
Deport them NOW!
#MAGA
What about the chain migration of Melania's parents?  And we all know that Melania was NOT here legally.  She broke the law.  She didn't have the proper VISA to work here.
The real way to stop illegal immigration is by reforming the H-2A visa. A majority of illegals work in agriculture and we’ll lose almost $30-60 billion dollars if we get rid of them (directly from agriculture). Reforming the legal immigration visa will allow the correct people in
And that number is yearly
Translation : Help pay for the wall Mexico isn’t going to pay because my handling of it is shallow and pedantic 
We are going to have a nice, beautiful big wall!
Keep fighting @realDonaldTrump!  We support you and your administration 100%!  https://www.facebook.com/groups/thefearlesselephant/ …
No we don’t.
Then who will keep the grounds at your golf courses? Who will clean the rooms at your crappy hotels? Who will carry the bags? Are you going to pay Americans to do it? I think not. That would cut into profit.

Most illegal immigrants come in legally and overstay their visas, and the last time I checked, planes could fly over walls.
Right. Is Trump the "bait n switch" "smoke n mirrors" President of all times?
Trade, Immigration, Wars should have been fixed day one. 

Trade Deficits skyrocketing / NeoCon war spending surges 

Illegal immigration up 233 percent  
https://go.shr.lc/2FED2Y7  - @washtimes

Please Mr President! Us citizens can no longer afford to fund them and I work 2 jobs.


Who is we, we as you? We as the American citizens ? If it is the American people. Some of the "we" don't want to do that. So don't say WE
How about we demand the truth from the 45th President... the steady stream of distortion, deflection, and straight out lies from this administration must stop!
@co_rapunzel4 @MomsDemand @CitizensFedUp @pannlewis44  @Mooncatadams @cherokeesher2 @amazinmikey @MtnMD #WomensHealth #Family #FBI #Veterans #USMC #Navy #NoBallsDonnie#MeToo #Education

GOP Face 
Frozen Assets
Seized Properties
& Federal Prison Time
https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/18/how-the-gop-became-the-party-of-putin-215387 …
We demand congress impeach your sorry ass. They work FOR THE PEOPLE
Tho, not lately...
I guess its only bad if it is brown people, right donny?
Didn't take long to play the race card, huh? Typical
You pretend to Protect us... yet everyday I walk outside and the FIRST THING I SEE is Geoengineering Planes spaying us with poisons just like ANTS!  You could stop this YET YOU DO NOT!  You physically MAKE ME SICK! #chemtrails #Killers #TheStormisUs #TheStormIsHere We are coming!
Can you fix the one on the North end when you get a chance, our PM doesn’t seem to care who shows up!

I love you Mr. President do what needs to be done to protect this country!
I would demand Congress pass a budget instead of just kicking the can down the road with a CR.
Absolutely Mr.President! The situation has gotten way out of hand and that includes sanctuary cities as well, we have immigration  laws this country that we need to enforced immediately.
America is black, white, brown, red and yellow. The sooner you xenophobic old goats realize it isn't going back to the way you'd like it to be, maybe we could move forward. Equality for all. Respect for all.
Your lies must end @realDonaldTrump #CrookedDonald #ImpeachTrump
Why are you so willfully ignorant about immigration? Many illegal immigrants come from many countries. Mostly they outstay visas. Why do you want to waste so much money on a useless wall?
Trumpster seems to forget his mother was an illegal immigrant

Close the border until Congress gets it's act together. Close loopholes on refugees & build the wall @SenateMajLdr. We need to put Americans first.
Illegal immigration is an out right invasion. Whether an invasion is peaceful or violent the result is the same. The will take over our country.
Since when have Americans become angry  because a sitting president wants to enforce America’s immigration laws??  Political correctness is not productive!  Build the wall!! Works for Israel !!!
The biggest different between Obama and Trump:  Obama honored his own voice and that of the DNC with no regard for the American Citizen. Trump speaks with the voice of the people. He listened to us and is honoring and keeping his promises. We are benefiting!
Donald Trump is my super hero saving America making America great again
#WeThePeople demand Congress remove the Russian puppet from our White House & build a wall around the #TrumpCrimeFamily so they can never hurt people again.

#Resistance 
#CorruptGOP

About Hillary I assume.  Clint is conservative and hates liberal facsism
You still talking about that idiotic wall?
Listen to the disrespect this democratic looney tune shows for the President. This clown is why the Democrats will go down in flames.
The best people. THE BEST

@realDonaldTrump What we need to end more is your circus presidency.
It's doing to end.....in 2024
How about we secure a president that doesn't lie everyday?@StormyDaniels
The only President I can remember that actually attempts and does what he promised.
Are you kicking your wife and her parents out of the country then too?  Fair is fair Donny.
Rt BREAKING: John Kerry has secretly met multiple times with a top-ranking Iranian official to save the Iran deal and "apply pressure on the Trump admin from the outside."

Working with the enemies against the USA. Classic Obama Admin Move.
Nobody in Congress should take any more time off until all of Trump's Cabinet is filled!
So thankful Your our President!!!...I wouldn't want to live here if you weren't. Thanks for keeping us safe! Your doing a fantastic job!
Amen!  God is with @realDonaldTrump
That's what Congress promised, that's what they were elected to do.  Get it done (for all Americans).  Every illegal who get a"free citizenship" diminishes the citizenship for every other American.  It shouldn't go for cheap.
Thank you Mr President if you use the horrible crossing numbers from Obama/BushNafta  open door policy it is better but if you live in border state better than what ? If M13 recruits in our school & sex traffickers run a rotating door ? Better ? Than WHAT ?  #BuildTheWall #MAGA
If their home country is so bad, why don't they stay and fight for reform like our ancestors did against the British.
We don't want a wall. The major crime is this country does not stem from illegal immigrants, it stems from you and the disgraceful people in your administration. Please resign
#8645
I know that many Chinese love you very much very much, President Trump! We do not love the Chinese Communists!
We have NO PaTOOF that your  stupid political edifice would in any way stop any crimes. If you REALLY. want to stop drug problems,  make Drugcompanies who flood our cities with opiates! THEY are dumping them without ample FDA oversight.
Build the wall! I’ll buy a brick! Set up a fund the wall web site. And let’s get it built!
So much winning you are doing for our American farmers
Then how will you find your next wife?
I agree, it is a slap in the face to those who have come here legally, amnesty is not the answer. Build the wall, if they want to become Americans, then they can do it the way people before them have done it. Legally. MOLON LABE. #MAGA  #III%
Illegal immigration is at an all time low. Why are you so obsessed with your stupid wall? It is clear the cost to taxpayers far outweighs any possible benefit!
#StopTheWitchHunt #TakeDownDeepState #WeSupportTrump 
#Qanon #WeThePeople #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessPresidentTrump #ComeyForPrison #SaveTheChildren #ReleaseTheTexts #GodWillWin #ReleaseJFKfiles #SenatorMarkWarnerIsCorrupt #FireSenatorMarkWarner
Name the London hospital #fakenews #bullshitstory
You mean like Melania and her parents?  Agreed.
Please help with our Northern border as well. For all of our safety!
Stop the third party agreement! Send @ICEgov anything Sir!
@realDonaldTrump do you have any idea how many of your supporters are replying to your tweet that of course this won't fix the problem but at least you're trying. 
They're Willing to blow 24 billion on a wall that won't help because it's the thought that counts. You're all idiots
The leaders in the Senate need to get to work for the American people and country.
GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP !    MAGA
Your attention on 130 people in a caravan applying for asylum shows how you have to reach in order to continually degrade and villainize immigrants from other countries.
Mr PRESIDENT we need to get rid of the Demacratic party and all the LIBERALS THAT FOLLOW THIS WOULD BE A GREAT COUNTRY WITHOUT THEM GOD BLESS YOU SIR
Secure borders? Illegal crossing at a 50 year low. Trying to manufacture a crisis to gin up your racist base ?

yes
Why are the Podesta's, Clinton's, Bush's and Obama still free? Treason will not be tolerated. It's.been long enough.
Melania's parents? Chain Migration.
Does this include your wife and her parents?  Oh, she is white, so she can stay.
Tell us again how your wife and her family got here
It should have ended in 1945 so we wouldn’t have had to put up with you or your do nothing wife #3.
Just take action dude! Send the marines into TJ.
That's good,  immigration must finish they have to build their contries!!!
That's what I like to hear! #buildthewall
They are seeking asylum and are going through legal channels. Illegal immigration is down to record levels. Stop with the hate mongering. Stop with the lies.
Stupid presidency must also end ! What do you suggest here ?
There is NO SUCH THING as an
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT !!!
STOP using the term...OXYMORON !!!
Immigration is APPLIED FOR LEGALLY !!!
Anything else does not qualify for immigration law.
Illegals and their 4 generations of progeny will
NEVER qualify to
APPLY for IMMIGRATION !!!
Referring to the wall? Why talk to the Congress, shouldn't you be getting the billions from Mexico?
Yes we have all that need to take our unemployment people’s jobs. We need to let our people have the jobs . Then who’s going to feed them...the Dems.
Amen! Praying for this as well as for you Mr. @POTUS God Bless you & yours. #MAGA
YOU said YOU would have MEXICOpay for it. You did NOT say  would stick us with the bills for your worthless edifice. If au want to fulfill a cwmpaigen promise make drug compwnies lower the prices on medications that they have gouged us with the costs like Epipens.
As a citizen of Iran, I am calling upon you as President of the United States to take action to free our people from the oppressive system of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Does that go for your in laws?
Go get em MR President!!
Why you dont leave Mexico and  the border along and taking care American problems, we have enough problems in this country and you don't doing nothing to resolve those issues you only think about South and Central America I don't know what's wrong with you, do you have brain.
Dear President Trump, I'd be willing to donate to #BuildTheWall. Start a fund. Ask your base. Forget about Congress. They can't get anything done.
Wish it would have ended when your ancestors claiming to be Swedish but father/grandfather was German   Smh
“WAH!
I can’t complete any campaign promise because Congress is SO MEAN TO ME!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I thought having all 3 branches of government would make things easier!
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’m gonna throw temper tantrums!
Just watch me!
WAH!”
- #crybabyTrump
Also, the lying must end.
You don't need congress! It's down to the executive. You could build the wall tomorrow if you wanted to.
"Illegal Immigration"='INVASION'
Thank you sir.  My brother in law was murdered by an Illegal that had been deported twice.  Securing the border is 100% the reason I voted for you.
#kateswall
Your wall ain't happening, just like your future in politics.
I AM the one saying give refuge. Jos 20:2.
This time make it happen, sir!
Illegal immigration must end now
It isn't going to end as long as you have dishonest US business owners that hire these people and pay them under the table.  Many are in my area now doing landscaping work, they have American foremen to speak for them, but I have been told they are illegals and paid cash weekly!
One would think there is something you can do without Congress.
So you will pick the fruit and vegetables?
We need to it is costing a lot in tax payer money.
Hey #Trump, this is what your Fox News buddies REALLY think of you. Awe you're losing your ONLY "friends" you corrupt man baby shitgibbon!

#Cavuto "I guess you’re too busy draining the swamp to ever stop and smell the stink you’re creating."

http://insider.foxnews.com/2018/05/03/neil-cavuto-rips-donald-trump-statements-michael-cohen-raid-bannon-polls …

#TrumpStink
#collusion
...Donald Trump-the only reason you are fortifying your Borders in the South-mostly-is because-of the up coming Financial collapses-that is going to wreak HAVOC in the America’s &you are trying to muster protection from immigrants who will flood into the USA-be HONEST-tell all !
First off fire @Marcshort45 he is not working to get wall built, he is a pro-amnesty guy he should have gotten 25bil in the omnibus but was too damn stupid.
We demand Congress impeach you now.  You do more damage each day than all the rest of our national issues could possibly do.  Illegal Presidency (defined as having a COMPLETE MORON as president.
Beginning with your wife
Show us your birth certificate!
Illegal presidents must end.
Trump is fighting for term limits!  That will get congress to stop making one set of laws for themselves and another for us.
We should demand Mexico pay for it. I seem to have heard that somewhere.
The cost let alone the crime & penal system flooding is eating this country alive.
And what about your wife? Or should I say wives.
America First!
You must end. #ImpeachTrump
Yeah? Are u going to give congressmen and women get guns and tell em go stand guard at the border?
Absolutely!! Thank you President Trump!!
So impressed with what is happening. Thank you
