Isn't America supposed be the freedom land? The most diverse country in the world? Why wouldn't they be allowed Donny, isn't the president supposed to be the figurehead that joins people together? I need more from you bro, I need to see what Kanye sees in you
Vote Republican! We need a larger majority to get things done! 
Forget the wall, get Mexico to help us. We always help everyone.
Do you even know how to speak English correctly, Mister President?
When you are in a casket, the funding for the wall will still be a myth.
No WALL.. Put the money into armed Drones, and shoot to wound anyone crossing in illegal zones. Trust and believe, it will stop.
Thank God the majority of real Americans are not like you
Thank you!
You’re a moron, an orange moron.
President Trump everything you say makes total sense!
It is TIME to be tough on MEXICO. 
Anything we can do to put pressure on that country to stop: drugs, all sorts of black market items and illegal travel into this country  would be great!  I never thought Mexico would pay for the wall
directly.  BUT INDIRECTLY works as well.
Mr. President, after the Supreme Court upholds your authority to impose travel bans, consider imposing a travel ban on all citizens of central and South America on national security grounds until Congress acts on border! That prevents false asylum seekers, others.
It's beginning to seem as though Obama paid all the troubling countries cash to hold down their BS until he finished his time as president? Paid to behave?
Right, When Mexico gets tough on securing its OWN borders, securing ours will be easier also!
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
In general,  Dems are losers, which has not been able to digest they lost the election,  and Mr Trump is our president. Move on !
You must build a strong wall along the #Mexico border.
I voted in a poll where 58% of the people are willing to donate $10.00 toward building the wall. I believe that 48% of those who voted would be willing to donate $100.00 , I would.  #CCCTrain #Patriots #MAGA #deplorables #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheDeepState #BuildTheWall retweet
Many #PATRIOTS stand ready to donate $$ and labor to begin construction #BuildTheWall. Many armed #PATRIOTS stand ready to form a line on the border to protect our country from invasion until #BuildTheWall is completed. We're not playin'. Let's get it done.

And still works more hours per week than you.
No wall!!!
98% of the heroin & fentanyl comes across our southern border

Illegal aliens are twice as likely to commit crimes than native born Americans 

There are 58,760 illegals in our federal prison

Over 10,000 kids are trafficked across the border each year 

BUILD. THE. WALL.
Question: if their immigration laws are  so tough, how are the caravans getting right up to OUR border?  
#immigrationfraud
I believe he is saying Mexico has tough immigration laws entering into their country. Why would Mexico care if they came to our country? They send money back to Mexico!!
Hi, Nancy. I get what you mean. I guess I'm saying if we know why they come, doing tough jobs that citizens WON'T do  (example GEORGIA) we shouldn't automatically turn them away. Especially REFUGEES. 
#protecteveryone #TheResistance
I'm immigrant myself,arrive to USA legally years ago from former USSR. We spent six month in Italy,waiting for all necessary procedures should be done,all our background checks... Some of us pass,some-not.But no one of us arrived in USA illegally.

I came here legally from my country. It's only fair who wanted to stay. The WALL is very important for us. We need a NEW FENCE. Let's update USA security for the protection & betterment of our country. URGENTLY!..please help our President...

No body should have privileges to move here! All people need to legally immigrate to here via legal process and petition! Almost 100 % people from China,Taiwan or Hong Kong legally immigrate into this country!Only 1% or even none are undocumented.never heard in our home country!
@realDonaldTrump thank you for being a great president, I’m just a young dad trying to figure things out and I just wanted to say thanks for everything you do ...
Lets see rest of the world to take them in... You cant even own land in mexico yet there allowd to come over here an work am then collect welfare well there working... And to muslims who wants killers ,child molesters, woman beaters an goat screwers in our country...
President TRUMP, PLEASE DO SOMETHING, Caravan iInvading, this will NEVER END! INSANE, we have MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS ALREADY, MY last home State was taken, not ANOTHER
Lol at u thinking u can govern another country when u can’t even govern the nation you were elected to be president in.
MAY MAKE?
PUT THE GOD DAMN WALL UP
Don’t worry about the Wall - Sarah’s keeping an eye on it!
What happened to welcoming people with open arms?
Why can't healthy US ARMY VETERANS be hired to patrol the border? I would be honored to do so. We should have the right if we have been trained prior to be able to help patrol. or volunteer.  WE ARE THE WALL AND ALWAYS HAVE BEEN.
I think that is a superb idea.  I suppose there would be training and then a test to show training was successful, but that is a great proposal!!
I’m willing to donate to help #BuildTheWall to keep #Americans safe!! 
Those people don’t understand about law and rules they don’t care about it , they comes to this country what’s ever you said they don’t care you know who’s your enemies your own people working in Mexico embassy ice and homeland security they most work hard
Stop this caravan!!!!!!
VvvvvvoDvb-h 
Wowwwww genius. 
Dont use the word "may" for a definitive thing you're going to do.  You cant sound indecisive in the position you didnt deserve, man up.
Build the wall!!!! Trump 2020
@realDonaldTrump
President Trump Mexico is allowing illegal immigrants to enter into the America this action in the part of Mexico should be considered an ACT OF WAR!!
Keep the illegals out
Don’t use may just do it!the  American people got your back 
A condition
This  immigration law  needs to  be change. This ppl crossing the border are suicide bombers, drug dealers, criminals. Waste of Tax payers money.
Il faut limiter les étrangers dans votre pays
LEGAL immigration only!!!
What’s keeping terrorist or any unfriendly’s wanting to do US harm  to just get in by way of Mexico.      Not One person should be able to go to Mexico and then be allowed to seek asylum via way of Mexico. #StayInMexico  Why because the #DemoralCrapParty needs illegals for votes!
Mexico, who didn't pay for my imaginary wall are very tough, must stop people from going through fake news @foxnews in the U.S.. May make this a condition of my new impeachment Agreement. Country cannot accept what is happening! Also, we must get my prison Wall funding fast.
Individuals from all over the world are given both a start & finish point by and through the support of the Mexican government. Free guide through their country educating them in the technique of GAMING our rules and laws in order to gain FULL AND SUCCESSFUL ACCESS to OUR COUNTRY
Mexico! More like is ur dad hitler
GPS tracking- RFID chips for all individuals claiming asylum and legally crossing our porous border.  House arrest with the entire US as their backyard seems a small price to pay to insure compliance with the rules and laws of our lands. #BuildTheWall  #MAGA #GodBlessAmerica
Stop the illegal immigration now!
Interesting. I suppose you're talking about the caravan. They are acting perfectly legally transiting Mexico and will legally present themselves at a POE to a US officer and legally ask for asylum per our and international law. You should be endorsing ths approach. It's legal.
Donate 100 dollars to the construction of the wall and get your name on a brick? I would do it.
Get the money so disgracefully paid to Iran back.Then build the wall!
Plain manipulation! They R not coming from a country from which we recognize a need4 asylum.They need2 apply4 citizenship!
Migrants claiming political asylum here should never B accepted coming from a free country like Mexico. Taking advantage!
Make a gofundme page and send China a link and a wink? #chocolatecake
#killnafta they cost us 40 years of jobs and we have become a run down city known for #buffalo wings
The caravans are coming, they are being schooled in Mexico as to what to say so that we can not turn them back! We must impose sanctions on Mexico until they start doing what they should! 
When will this nightmare be fixed?
lol I’m going on your call right
Why aren't the immigrant caravans met, put on planes and taken back home ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!
TRUMP. Get the troops and border patrol down to the border NOW!! Stop these caravan people on the California border. REFUSE ENTRY!!!
B1B2 visas took my job!!
If Mexico can let them through to U.S. Why can't we let them through into Canada? Wasn't Canada paying 40 K for people at one time? Win, win right?
I like how the wall is an afterthought.
Thank you! Thank you!
Republicans don't want to fund it.
México will not pay for the fuck*** wall. Pendejo!
Yes I agree about the wall four of them for you in jail cell
Thought they were going to pay for a wall?  Did that change?
I say take Mexico. We gain a work force and secure thier border too.
Start negotiating with Mexico and stick to ur promise. U work for me so I expect u to do ur job.
Why are we being blocked to have the right to freedom of speech?  Doesn't change the fact we Love our President
I love our President
I'm so over the damn wall already... Just stop trying please
Ahahah get that wall funding, you dumb motherfucker
Use the money from El Chapo to build the wall
Yes
#Buildthewall 
#MAGA 
#QAnon
#Truth 
#TrustThePlan
Exactly, Mr. President!!! 
Mr President, I have a brilliant idea for you ... You should close Guantanamo ... Then ... Launched some beautiful and accurate missiles on Mexico and open a new jail ... Anyway, American loves "coup" ;-)
 wall funding?  You lied then?  Saying Mexico was gonna pay???  Your mouth got you in trouble huh???  
Mr; President;You have the authority to declare the Moving tribes of people as Illegal alien Migrants.There is a defined difference.They are not Immigrants fleeing for asylum.Migrants travel in bands and droves of mixed origin. Immigrants officially have legal passports and IDs.
Mr Trump sir y build a wall when there r million dollar tunnels allowing for a flow of a multitude of things including people? This isn’t ur campaign do something useful
F*ck your wall. It will be a glaring symbol of your racism.
Really hope you get the wall up soon. Best way to defend the Mexicans. I bet Syria wishes it had a wall.
I thought Mexico was paying for it?
Use that warehouse of seized drug money in Arizona to fund the wall.
They are assisting The Invasion. That is not what friends do.
Drumpf please consider resigning if suicide is off the table
So, the wall funding is not in place yet? Thought that was the number one on your agenda as a president..
Hey dummy.  Nobody wants to pay for your wall.
The wall?  What wall?  Do you mean the fence that won’t cover the whole border?  Moved away from Mexico paying for it pretty quickly, huh? Some people make promises and keep them.  Sad.
why dont they stay in mexico instead of heading to the US welfare offices
True! I also think GM Lordstown should be making the Cruz Hatchback now, especially since they laid off the 2nd  and 3rd shifts at Lordstown!
Use all monies for Americans not for illegal aliens who force their problems on us.
Build the wall. If they get across detain them, charge country of origin for their keep and return. Help needy americans and vets.
No wall. Nobody wants it. So ridiculous words cannot describe
...keep going after #ACA american families can't not afford it and it is mandatory with hefty fines that American families can't deal with. In addition, HMO businesses have collapsed due to its enslaving ways of cashing out on the american worker. #DEPORT.IT to #KENYA...
You promised MEXICO was going to pay for that wall!! You'll have your funding when Mexico gives you the money.


America must get rid of the moron in the oval and get him behind bars.
There's no "we," your campaign promise was that Mexico would be paying for the wall.

@psgsr160 We do not need anymore walls.  If you think it's necessary pay for it yourself or reverse your Tax Reform Scam & use that 1.5 Billion and your own money to pay for it Herr Comrade Trumpolini. #45IllegalPresident #45ElectedByPutin #45WhereAreYourTaxes #45DictatorWannabe
Haven't those pesky Mexicans paid for that wall yet like you promised they would? I can't believe no-one saw that coming; it's shocking.
Didn't you say that Mexico has the weakest laws? You can't get a story straight.
Liar


I was amazed at the difference of the Mexican Laws on legal Immigration vs the American regarding the same subject.  I am not prejudice, but I do believe in obeying the Laws.  Illegal is Illegal.  We would have to sacrifice a lot to become a Mexican Citizen. Why shouldn’t they?
Absolutely.
Our president is building a wall. Mexico is paying for it.
Wait did you say through Mexico? From where? Who are these people getting off the boat traveling through Mexico to get to the US? Why are they taking the long way? Makes no since Donny.
STOP THE BULLSHIT USE YOUR OWN MONEY!!!!!! 
Good luck getting Americans to work in our agriculture fields. I went to a panel discussion in SF with immigrant workers. The workers announced that they would I've up their ag jobs to any American.  There were 11 American takers. Not one stayed long on the job.
Make Mexico pay for it!
what a stupid thing
Don't even sign an agreement with Mexico in it! They have cost us trillions of dollars & thousands of American lives!
Yes!!! You aren’t going to let this shit slide! I understand you. We use the same strategy. We are a lot alike! They NEED to beleive! Fall for it every time!!!

SCOOP: The F.B.I. first gave the White House counsel a file containing spousal abuse allegations against Rob Porter in March 2017, according to a detailed new timeline the bureau has given to Congress

…
Your wall sucks like your wife use too
Americans nationwide must team up with I.c.e authorities from Texas and Arizona and other states for cleaning up those sanctuary cities and cities not sanctuary yet.

Why dont you fund it Donald?
I love watching your numbers drop. More and more people realize what you and your family are.
Sorry, no silly wall funding.
is anyone even left in Mexico, though they were all here
Work in the rough but with pride,
Here it is shared, mine is yours.
This town does not drown with marullos,
And if it collapses I reconstruct it.
I do not blink when I look at you,
So you remember my last name.
You can not buy the wind.
You can not buy the sun.
You can not buy the rain.
You can not buy the heat.
You can not buy the clouds.
You can not buy the colors.
You can not buy my happiness.
You can not buy my pains.
Turn them away. They need to walk back to their country of origin. Stand STRONG.
Do not let them to put so much as a toe on American soil.
Два пидора
Absolutely!
Temporarily stop imports from Mexico, that will get their attention. Then charge them an Infrastructure Surcharge on goods crossing the border to pay for the wall and near border improvements. Or use the # of NAFTA years divided by Border Wall cost as an annual border use tax.
That Would be a Good  Asset For the Nagta Negotiations With Mexico Thats  Includes Some Funding For The Wall
Your wall is never going to be built and your Maggots will eventually turn on you.  #basta #resist #ImpeachTrumpNow
Having melanin is enough to get you shot. You don't have to shoot a church or concert goers up you just gotta be non Caucasian
But Mexico was going to pay.....
Mr President it is easier for the world to do the wrong thing than for us to do the right. The wrong thing is part of greed, selfishness and hate. With that comes influential people who will stop at nothing to protect their assets.
It will be hard to get agreement with a wall if some of our own people are benefiting from illegal activities. Until he hands are all clean then u will get your funding.  The left will always differ from anything beneficial as long s it is part of the Republican Party.
If their laws were that tough, then why are we having problems with people coming thru Mexico from other countries? Why are we having problems with drugs from Mexico? I just think they have a bureaucratic GOV with ties to influential corrupt people/drug cartels.
Agree totally.  Question is how can we  get Democratic politician to see the truth what American people want?
You’re Wall is dead like your brain.
Hello Mexico, you let the asylum seekers into your country, so give them asylum,  they're yours!
You will be impeached.
our laws on asylum must change asap.
Yes keep up the good work
Start a fundraiser

Increased border security is antithetical to free trade.
You should hire @RealSheriffJoe to build #TentCity detention camps, to hold any Illegals who sneak over our border, or apply for asylum until their hearings and/or #Deportations! :-) #USA #MAGA #BuildTheWall
So who gonna protect us from crazy white people killing at schools movies church waffle houses
