The pussy grabber who supports child molesters, attacks women for their looks, talks about them menstruating, referred to a Miss Universe as "Miss Piggy," and talked about dating his daughter while spewing filth on the Howard Stern sewer for years, calls Michelle Wolf "Filthy."
Your hypocrisy is the problem. How do the liberals not understand that? You GO INSANE over the tape, everything is "supposed" to be about the love of women, then you all find it funny for a comedian to do what she did, speak how she did?? Interesting.
Racheal, quick question...was Michelle Wolf JOKING the entire night (as she was hired to do)?  Now, was Trump?
Michelle Wolf was in an open arena for the world to see and hear. Was POTUS? NO. He was tapped and it was leaked. Doesn't make ehat he said right, however the hypocrisy from the left is disgusting. Love all women, except when they don't meet the liberal agrnda.
Lol...how are you ignoring answering my question about how the PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES is name-calling and insulting on a nearly daily basis? You are operating on something else that extends far beyond delusion, denial, hypocrisy, and willfull ignorance.
Also wolf’s jokes were about SHS lies as mouthpiece for a dangerous administration, not her looks. SHS LIES all the time and deserves to be called out.
She lies?? Really? You know this How? And she did attack her looks. Who did she compare her too? Her eye make up? So it's ok to attack women when it fits your narrative? Thought the left was all about  power and love to the women? Not so much
You’ve now admitted that you’re so out of touch, so uninformed, so clueless about what’s going on in the WH, the US, and   worldwide that you can’t separate fact from deflection and spin. She compared her to Lydia for her abuse of position, nastiness, and propaganda spewing.
Says the coward who didn't attend because he's too weak.


Take you meds bro
See a shrink, bro!
Already blocked 


You were too scared to show up, tangerine
Up
Trump brings peace to Korea.

#MAGA
Oh, I'm sorry. Was her transgression that she made her "filthy" comments in public?
is your world that small?
Which sign were YOU holding, snowflake?

How many people care about Trump’s opinions?  (crickets)
You are not the boss of them.
Sad you can dish but can’t take it!
@realDonaldTrump was a failure last year, but this year is an embarrassment to every U. S. citizen. The filthy "politician" totally bombed (couldn't even deliver a stable government, coherent foreign policy or proper budget).
#investigate #indict
#impeach #incarcerate @POTUS
You can dish it out, but still can’t take the heat, can you COWARD?!?!


You really should be ashamed of yourself. Get help please. You really are sick.
Posting a picture of the women that Trump sexually abused is sick?  You are the sick one.  Praising Trump shows just how mentally challenged you are.  Let me guess... Homeschooled?
All I can say is WOW.  You have proof of this? Nope.  If there was proof I want to see it please.
It's funny how you guys call liberals snowflakes bc they care about how other Americans are treated. Yet when someone speaks the truth to the President using his style it's conservative crybaby time
Good play sending Sarah to that dinner knowing that the stupid liberals would expose themselves. Good play.
You’ve said worse than her.
Complete and total incompetence as @POTUS
Sickening behavior
Spanky, we know you can't take a joke, even though you're such a buffoon.  And a racist, and sex offender, and just really stupid.  Oh, and no humility.
Just shut up!!!
R.I.P.
Nah, I don’t think she’ll be resting in peace.  Closer to burning in hell, but that’s none of my business!

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Fuck your feelings.
see @RepublicKermit These Master Baiters are still getting triggered from this ole thang...
And the little one ^^^^^ cried “Wah, wah, wah, wah,” aaaallllll the way home!!!



#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder

Guess those liddle nappies they had this afternoon envigorated them!  Mommy's cookies and milk often does that...

@HouseGOP @SenateGOP 

Suck it up buttercup!!!
Why don't you and Barron do a father-and-son activity? You DO remember you have a preteen son, no?
.@PressSec has more class in her little finger than the whole lot of them combined.  The whole affair was disgraceful.  Stick a fork in it.
Class????
It's bedtime, grandpa. Go to sleep. You've got a busy day of watching Fox News tomorrow.
This is filthy

Truth hurts huh?
Ur a chicken

This was filthy hon:
These are very scary People and if any of them are Parents.. I pity their Children
I pity their parents for giving birth to people who worship a vile, poor excuse of a man and has the nerve to still be in office even though he rigged his way to presidency
Thank you .. true that
The correspondence dinner comedian was hilarious! You’re the only one who can make fun of people and it’s funny.  It’s not as funny when the shoe is on the other foot.# ThinkAboutThat
'I moved on her like a bitch.

I did try to fuck her, she was married.

Blood coming out of her wherever.

Just grab them by the pussy. You can do anything when you're famous.'

Donald Trump is a disgusting piece of hypocritical trash.
https://twitter.com/TomWellborn/status/986205240109264896 … #TrumpSexProbe
@realDonaldTrump hasn't tweeted in 22 hours.

He has retweeted six accounts since then, however.

…
Tissue? I know you got picked on a lot and lunch money was taken everyday and sorry you were are are a small guy! Feel bad! Maybe the Pres would just give you money to cover lunch losses but I say just check your 401 and we all good!
It was really funny Americans love this type of entertainment, just look at whats on late night Tv
Late nite TV talk shows address just full of spin. Jimmy Kimmel used to be funny. A looong time ago. Jimmy Fallon? wake me if he EVER gets to funny. BORING and stupid talk (like Letterman always was). It's all tanked since Carson left. Class is GONE.
Says the coward to terrified to show up. LOL Boy did Obama ever scare you for life. We all remember the look on your face when he took you down. Your own shame and fear keeps you away from it now. LOL
Did you say Obama? Who is that!!!!! 
He was the 8 year president with absolutely nothing to show for it

Lol this is a good one
Hahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!

The hypocrisy knows no bounds!
Come on Donnie! You too chicken to attend because of your “fake ass self” instead you hide behind Sarah and Kellianne. You either grabbing or hiding. Fake master!
Today I read KAC called KellyAnne Cryptmaster. 

Almost laughed out my beer.
Kellyanne Conjob @KellyannePolls
Oh man. Perfection!
She showed up. 
YOU DID NOT.
Why would he want to go to a dinner with people who hate him? I think it’s a much better message to be out with the American people instead of those media elites.
Cuz it's called leadership...?
Dumbocrat snowflakes continue to show the world who they really are. Full of venom and hate.  It's the reason I left the dumbocrat party... TRUMP IS OUR PRESIDENT and I thank God daily!!
says the person whose name-calling tweet is full of venom and hate...
I know, right? It's like they can't see themselves at all!



The bar was lowered...by you.  This is the equal reaction to all of your actions.

Want a higher standard, set one.  This one is all yours.  Own it like a man and fix it.
I like the starting over idea.  You know with a new president. One with an actual sense of humor.  Oh and a conscience too.
You weren't even there. But you are THAT insecure that you have to talk about it? Hmm. #Insecure
At parties people talk about the people who didnt show up :) everyone knows that :D


Where have you been? More jobs here now. He says what he thinks. Perhaps you've still been hooked on slimemedia fakenews inventors @CNN?


rump
you are a fool and no intelligent person respects you.

not bad for a blind lady!





Fuck their feelings.

 
It was the best one I’ve ever seen! @michelleisawolf was astounding! You missed out Drumpf!
Dear @realDonaldTrump when will you ever shut up? Don’t worry Mueller will shut you up and put you where you belong. You are one fucking nightmare 99% of the world hopes to wake up from. Every time you open your mouth I want to kill myself literally.
It was almost as good as when Obama roasted you!
Gone are the days of Dean Martin’s excellent roast dinners.
Classy, funny, smooth natural. Those days are gone.
You're an embarrassment and a disaster to our country. Because you're President other countrys laugh at http://America.you  made us a http://joke.do  America a favor and resign.take Mike pence with you. Then America can be "great again"
I have a life and it doesn't involve singing the praises of that orange buffoon running the country
Who’s filthy again?
#TrumpIsSoBroke he reuses the same old lines, "Lock her up...build a wall...Obama's fault...Mexicans...poll numbers...SAD..."
Oh get over it! You created the atmosphere. Are you saying you can dish it out but you can’t take it? “A perfect smoky eye” offends you? Grow a pair.
Call the wahmbulance!!!

Your White House is an embarrassment for everyone associated with it.
So Michelle Wolf is "filthy" for making jokes about your staffers but you were merely using "locker room talk" when you referred to women in vulgar and profane terms. You don't even understand the phrase "double standard" #TrumpLies #MafiaDon
Ah yes, the public humiliation that triggered you into running for president.
Resign.
Flint still doesn't have clean water

Poor tender little Donnie. We feel for you. 

Hahahahahaha!
Seth Supports Michelle Wolf's White House Correspondents' Dinner Stand-Up https://youtu.be/VtZV_rFnI-4  via @YouTube
Now you see how bad you are!!!!  Only, you aren't kidding when you say these things.  Whole different ballgame when the shoe is on the other foot, isn't it??
Actually everyone was laughing and the only thing embarrassing this country is you. Don’t you have better things to be doing than going on twitter rants?
Why is it that every time I see a Trump supporter and look at there profile it almost ALWAYS says Christian? Proves to me that Christianity has become a cult in this day and age.  I’m sure there are good “Believers in Christ” but I would refrain from calling yourselves Christians
Their- darn autocorrect!
It’s just as bad as the Oscars and the Emmys.
Actually worse.  The other shows have a few people that have talent.   I stress the word “few”
Thanks to all the hand wringing & whining about how she was *so mean* to Lyin' Sarah(!), Michelle Wolf is well on her way to being a big star. Maybe you two will pass each other as she's on the way up and you're on the way down. Cause you're going DOWN, you lying crazy POS LOSER.
What's wrong snowflake, need a safe space to cry in?

After we put those dinners to rest, let’s do the same to the paralympics. Too hard to watch and not enough funny parts.
You still have not addressed about that black man who fought off that terrorist who killed 4 black people.

You're whack
Putting aside how literally everything about this tweet is hypocritical and wrong, how the hell did he arrive at "couldn't even deliver her lines"??? She didn't stumble once. She hit every punchline EXACTLY the way she wanted to. It was some precision to put snipers to shame.
@HowardStern Rewind the tapes. #WhosFilthyNow
Seth Myersiseloquent and funny and spot on where you’re concerned.
Yeah you do it everyday you open ur fuckin mouth. You started the trend. Suck it up small hands man. You make fun of everyone and everything. No one is barred from your cruelty so fuck right off and accept it. And it was funny orange man  #ridtrump
Hey Buddy you need to chill out! Eat a burger, you surely can find a better problem to deal with than a roast. Like maybe the tanking economy!  The crumbling infrastructure???? #getoffyourhighhorse
Wuss.

Hey, Donald Trump, I don't think you're very rich!
You should put your presidency to REST. Come on Donnie MAGA. Quit your fucking stolen job. You know you wanna. Perhaps the new powers will forget about the kids then. Right now things are not looking good for some of them. How do you think Ivanka does in jail or Don Jr?
Translation: she said mean things about me and hurt my widdle feelings.
Seth roasted you last time
It was an embarrassment because you're in the WH this year!
Fully agree. Sarah stood her ground and we are so very proud of her!!!
SHE’S SO FULL OF HERSELF! NARCISSISTIC ALL THE WAY! SHE’S TOO DUMB & IGNORANT TO EVER
TO EVER EVEN REALIZE WHAT A “‘BOMB’” SHE REALL WAD! CLEARLY SHE HAS NEVER READ THE WORD OF GOD! “‘GOD’” WILL HOLD HER ACCOUNTABLE FOR ALL HER ACTIONS!
Hey chief pu**ygrabber. Leave it alone. You’re the last person needing to comment about this subject. You’re an embarrassment daily when you speak. Name calling people you don’t like or disagree with, very unpresidential. Sad!
AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN AMEN!!!!!
Couldn't agree with you more Mr president! #BestPresidentEver
“Michelle should have had the decency not to comment on women’s  appearances in any way, shape or form. She’s a comedian, for God’s sake,  not the president.” — TREVOR NOAH
Donnie, she was doing her job like she always does and telling the truth. Sadly we can’t say the same about you. It speaks poorly of people in this country that they are more upset by a comic’s telling the truth than they are about a president’s lying.
I say bury it 6 feet under! That comedian was the worst I’ve ever heard & apparently has no conscience or feelings for other people-92% of her jokes were against women yet she claims to be representing women. She needs to look in the mirror!Juan Wms. backed her! Not surprised!RT!
LOVE IT!!!
Ha Ha Ha he is so Right it was embarrassing. Even some of the media walked out.
DONNY BOY !!!  I VOTED FOR YOU !!!  But now I think you are just the same as the rest.   As someone who voted for you , your base deserves the TRUTH in ALL THINGS.  Stop Lying to us about Syria . We know that  Assad did not gas his people.  STOP LYING TO US!  WE deserve truth
Yeah should now be called the "leave your dignity and class at the door #WHCADinner" #MAGA
God, can you please end this nightmare and turn this orange thing into a snake?

Sending thoughts and prayers 
Oh, just shut up.  No other President let these jokes bother him.  You need to grow a pair and grow up.  You are the first President in a very long time who did not attend this event, two years in a row, no less.  You are such an immature child.  #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrumpNow
She was brilliant and every word was true
She's an unknown and now we know why. There was nothing in her routine that was worth even a smile. She showed no intelligence and no humour. It wouldn't have been funny if it was a roast - it wasn't. The great Don Rickles turned over in his grave ...
MAGA NEWS: GET TRUMP Part 3 , the dirty details, how Hillary's campaign revived an old Russian Hack from 2015, one they had ignored for over seven months, but decided to employ as part of their new Trump Russia narrative in April 2016. Must read & RT MAGA
That comedian was filthy - reminded me of someone else I’ve heard talk in such a manner in the last couple years - who could that be - but certainly you’re not offended tough guy - you get hit you just hit back twice as hard, right - start hitting toughie


You get what you deserve teacher!!!!! Language all learned by you!!! You are all lying beast!!! #LyingThugs #LyingUglyThugs #trumpsAnatomyIsFATabdDUMB
I love the rumble of agreement when she says "shoulda done more research before you got me to do this"
REMEMBER ThIS... THIS IS WEAK... such A BuLLY..
Because you boycott it and can’t take a joke? You can’t make light of yourself? You can’t add to an evening of fun for the hardworking media who do so much for our country? @MSNBC @CNN @FoxNews @CBSNews @washingtonpost @WSJ @nytimes
Amen, and you might expand your comment Mr President to include, “Journalism is Dead”!
I'm sure this would meet with your approval!
Can't wait until we can put your presidency to rest.
Oh she delivered! She was amazing!
If you really are the leader of the "free" world, can you please do something about my fever? I have heard about some agreement in Paris?
Never heard of this comedienne, but I bet they hired her cheap!
Trumpelthinskin couldn't even face the jokes, so insecure. Sent Sarah and Kellyann in person because they are tougher than him.
That's Why you didn't Show ur face .
So sorry that this happened to sch a fine individual!! I love Sara, a class act !!
You talk about grabbing women by the pussy and trash rape victims for being too scared to speak up. Who exactly are you calling filthy? (No wonder your wife looks so miserable around you. How's it feel to know she's actually happy around the Obamas?)
She was brilliant! Your performance in Michigan was pathetic!
You’re so sad
You wanna talk about Embarrassing?? Look who is president !!!
Mate she wrecked you.  Take it on the chin like a chump and carry on.
Well damn it reminds me of your presidency a failure. Thats nothing new bitch everything you do is a failure.
Pence laughed his head off.
Waaaa baby trump waaaa
Unfortunately YOU are a H U G E   embarrassment to America & you bomb daily with your incompetence & imbecility

The fact that you're acting overly defensive in reaction to someone exercising their right to the 1st amendment just makes you look guilty of exactly what she says. If you want to "MAGA" be a role model and show us how to be better people! We learn this "filthy" behavior from you
she was GREAT, it is YOU who is the failure, not just at being potus but at being a decent human being.

At this rate...you will never win the next elections in 2020...and I’m so grateful for that ...just keep being you and when you lose your presidency you will make dreams come true...
Oh and Hillary was gonna do better.....
lol did I say Hillary was better??? or did I even say Hillary??

the answer is no...I did not...but anyone else would be better the trump (other then Hillary)...lol...
then*
America goes farther than rock bottom every time he tweets
At least our Prez directly communicates with us. Not like in other countries.
But it’s usually ridiculous
Wait.....didn’t your wife start a campaign against cyber bullying.....
All of this crap will eventually come to an end and the finally we can stop hearing "Trump this and Trump that". Throw him out of office and turn the WH right side up. It's like a soap opera. 
“I’d look her right in that fat, ugly face of hers”
Nothing embarrassing about the night. Good humor good fun, jokes aimed at every one. Pull on your big boy pants and laugh.
Fake news tweet.
At least they both turned up, Gutless.
Just stop. You’re an embarrassment. How about focus on the country. Not a comedian or dinner. Please go away.
Oh poppet, try not to be a snowflake, remember, you started all this.
Bro it was funny come on.
You... you can’t be serious 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_nicknames_used_by_Donald_Trump …
This from the king of insults and horrible assaults on women's appearance. You've called women pigs, bimbos, dogs, slobs, disgusting animals. “Look at that face! Would anyone vote for that?". 
You're pathetic Trump. #ImpeachTrump #Collusion #Obstruction #VoteThemOut2018
You aren't in charge of the dinner, or the WHCA. Not your place to decide.
Don't dish it out if you can't take it back.
Honestly, that was the funniest tweet I have read all week!  You pathetic little man.
Didn't even watch it to know
The group I watched thought it was great and truthful
Dude, you're jealous because she not only beat you at your own game - she took your game to a level you're incapable of imagining. Is there anything you actually do well? Start over, dotard. You're not even rich.
Here's a double dish of reality, folks.
You won’t be around for the next one, so just forget about it.
Didn't you call black football players son of a bitches on tv? With possible children watching?
At least she can read above a 4th grade level!

Resign
Put it to rest. Use money to combat bullying in schools. President Trump, I am so proud of you and the work you have done to MAGA. Praying for you and your family.
I think she was spot on. Best speech ive heard at that dinner
You know what they say - every joke has a little truth to it. A joke isn’t funny without some understood sub-context to give it life. #jokes
Ladies and Gentlemen, let me introduce our thin-skinned, not-too-bright, oft-confused, immoral, law-breaking POTUS, DONALD TRUMP! Give him a big hand! (No really, his hands are teeny-tiny, he would love to have big hands--and maybe some intelligence!)
You Donald, are the embarrassment! Projection is not going to work here. The majority of American people don’t want you!
Hahah....oml you are a joke xD
As long as agent orange is potus everything will bomb
I was disgusted too. Flint still doesn't have clean water? maybe you could try to win at fixing that? Then tackle getting a sense of humor.
She should be ashamed of herself
Why don't you go & say all this to their faces during the dinner? Why are you so scared of the #WHCD?

You could eviscerate ppl the same way Obama eviscerated you in 2011! Giving up this golden opportunity but then doing it later on Twitter, seems dumb.
I loved it! Best you just keep doing your insane rallies for your mindless fools.
Most of America is embarrassed by your ignorance. Worst President by Far.  Resign already!
Not as big a failure as your "administration", Baldy. You're going to prison.
