Hosting sporting events is a privilege, not a right. Seriously ... not so subtly threatening other counties who might put in a rival bid? It's a global festival of football not a protection racket. That and you'll just call it soccer 
Like how most of us feel about our country! It's a privilege not a right. You earn it not deserve it just because sneak in?
To become a citizen but human right are univeral
Then why can't I just walk into any country I want and just stay?
Tracy ... google the immigration requirements for your country. It's really not just the case that folk stumble across your country during a nice stroll and decide to stay. It's pretty rigorous
Soccer Soccer Soccer Soccer Soccer I love it!
"Fuck soccer".  That sounds even better.
We're not qualified to host international sporting events as you're banning entire nations from entering the country. You're lobbying against us.
Nope just you! He's protecting my family and friends.
People in Florida had good protection when the school got shot up 
Gg trump
Your cop hid until it was over. It's all over the internet.
You have zero Dragon Energy
Dragons a fictional, so maybe that’s why he can’t help lying al the time
Maybe they'll let you watch it in prison.
The USMNT always qualifies for the World Cup when Obama is president. You must be responsible for their failure. #AlerttheDaycareStaff #DementedDonnie
You are a breath of fresh air (to people who are stupid and inept like you).
100% agree keep up the great job you are doing and let the Dems go crazy because they bitch so much and many there for yrs who do nothing and i mean NOTHING THEY SHOULD ALL BE FIRED FOR NOT DOING THERE JOB WE PAY THEM THERE SALARY.
Eat shit
Because of YOU mafioso Trump! You're bully, racist, despicable, deplorable, divider in-chief! Tourism went DOWN since you're at the People House!

This year’s World Cup is in Russia — Can’t wait to watch America dominate on Russian territory
Who would go to Mexico you put your life in danger
I stand behind the president 100% however due to the fact the US team failed to even qualify for this years cup I dont believe the United States is really the best choice for a host nation. Especially since most of the country insults and scrutinizes the sport on a daily basis.
And Trump and many Americans spend a lot of time insulting many people of different countries.
What in the holy hell are you blabbing about? Are you seriously threatening Canada & Mexico over freaking soccer?  Please call in to Faux & Fiends tomorrow to discuss.
I think his threat is aimed at countries like Morocco.  The US bid is together with Canada and Mexico.  More of a north american bid.


What an unbelievable jack ass you are!   Get out of Washington and go back to bankrupting more banks and investors!
SO MUCH WINNING!!!!

Unifying the country behind the America First agenda!!!
Trump is a divider. One black rapper does not show unity. Nice try.
What rock are you living under?I'm totally cool with anyone that supports anything other than Americans first in America to move along. First and foremost you take care of your own only then can you help others and NEVER at the cost of your own!
What are you talking about?
Tracey has been inbred over generations. Not much clarity there.
THIS is what a REAL president looks like. 

Empathetic 
intelligent
Funny
Compassionate
Inspiring 
Empathetic
Honest 

You WILL NEVER be my PRESIDENT. Ever. 

I hate what you done to this country and everything America is about. 

@BarackObama I miss you.
This pic is so sad to me bc you can see the grief on their faces
Me too. It brought tears to my eyes.
Is that the sailing thing?
You tryna blackmail?

Or the Russian's. Sorry too soon?!
The Russian's what exactly?
Absolutely no Evidence 0f Russian Collusion with Trump or any of his people! They announced it yesterday on TV! All the Collusion is with Obama and Hillary! It’s called Karma!
The REPUBLICAN committee, headed by Devin Nunes, who was on Trump's transition team from the beginning.  
 
  You can see how that is not very reassuring, it's a wolf in the henhouse situation.
President Trump with all due respect please note that giving aid to countries that are in dire stress does not mean that countries must support U.S. in return. Let transparency prevail. Don't politicize football.
It's soccer...welcome
It's sports and Trump just ruined it for everyone
Not me! I care more about my constitutional rights, securing our boarders and the safety of American's. The ones that come here LEGALLY.
you want your constitutional rights but vote for somebody who not only breaks the First Amendment but craps all over the Constitution when it doesn't go his way. To care for your own Nation you shouldn't put someone who has no value other than his own personal gain in charge
Missouri has a saying... Show me. You have not shown proof. Just flapping mouths with photo shop.
Trump and his gestapo have been showing you since day one. You people just can't seem to understand what a slime ball he is
Hillary fixed it
As always, you are spot on Donald
Trump Russia Collusion 
Trump Russia Collusion
Trump Russia Collusion 
Plus
OBSTRUCTION
At least he voted for himself, legally!
LA would get the World Cup final game make it happen Trump
Are you for real? Ok this I can support
Amen
Good point. We shouldn’t. And the U.N is useless and powerless to stop anything they just waste our money living it up in NYC. And now in the hell can Qatar get to host a WC but the U.S bidding with two other countries can’t.
Someone please put him back on his medication

Stay out of sports you bully
Maybe if you played properly and called it the right name, you might win it
Are you kidding me. If other countries want to bid on the World Cup so be it. If we get it awarded so be it, if not oh well. Telling countries they should support our bid is just stupid and childish. We help those countries out of compassion not so that they will do things for us
Learn to #read, “lobby against #America!” You know leaving this country that you #hate is a viable option for you.
Who says I hate this country. And why would I leave the country I enlisted to serve. You could have scrolled past if you didn't like my comment. Have a wonderful day
Thank you for your service.You will now have better health care under our @POTUS. My point is that the left = immoral American haters, that want to tear the infrastructure down from the inside out. #PaidProtests #Corruption the #Aethism religion. If you are w/them = that. #MAGA
Well that requires someone with knowledge to run the VA. And stop painting the left with a broad brush. Both sides have an agenda. Not all liberals are atheists. And atheists are not shoving their lack of beliefs down your throat
Oh, so you’re #Millineal military. No training under #Obama. I know plenty about the VA and healthcare. And yes, #Christians are persecuted by #Aethists,now I don’t believe you. You hate your country, just like your party does.Keep living in that bubble, and underachieving. #MAGA
And since when does it matter when a Vet served, under which CiC they served under. I know plenty who served under Obama and served proudly.
#BlackOps. Why so many accidents under the president that threw up his skirt to every world leader, half of which are which are #Millennial like yourself... #Yikes
Hey dude--you forgot to send out a tweet wishing your wife a happy birthday after humiliating her for weeks. Even Mike Pence tweeted her happy birthday, and he doesn't even like women.

There's still time. Add some flower and cake icons. And an apology.
Why does he need to send out a tweet wishing his wife a happy birthday? So you complain he tweets too much then complains he didn't tweet enough. Ok

How will the players travel from Mexico to the US if there’s THE WALL? 
It would be a shame if you tweeted something stupid containing a veiled threat to countries that didn't support a NORTH AMERICAN bid, effectively breaking FIFA's ethics restrictions regarding government entities creating undue influence on the bidding process.

make your country great in football first
Call it football first
It's made of pig skin and it's not black and white.
His arse?
Now....you're sounding EXACTLY like some second rate mob boss, threatening extortion.
He is a mob boss

holy shit you fuck up everything you touch DON”T FUCK UP US SOCCER ITS FUCKED UP ENOUGH AS IT IS
I agree
@FIFA If you do ONE good thing this year, award the cup to Morocco. Make this orange buffoon pull all of his hair out.
 lets go morocco! 
You're rather nuts, you know. Each country would be lobbying on its own behalf to host the World Cup. Your paranoia is really reaching far afield. Maybe Dr. Ronny, for as long as he's there, has some candy for you.
It's not like he doesn't have anything more important to worry about like Americans dying each day from the opioid epidemic.
This opioid thing is ridiculous. I've had to be on pain medication for fibro and herniated discs for the better part of 4 years and haven't gotten addicted to them or had the slightest urge to shoot heroin, etc. I can stop them w/o a problem, and not buy illegally either. Smh.
How long will trump nation keep overlooking or explain away the crazy, unpresidential things he say and do each day? How can U not see it’s making us a laughing stock throughout the world?
It wont matter Donny. By 2026 you should in effect be starting your 6th year in Rikers
For what?! Hurting your feelings!
Not at all. No for destroying your country
For Morocco  2026 yes yes yes yes
These countries DO support us in the UN. The country they don't support is Russia. Easy to understand how you could get confused over which country this is though.
You read at a third grade level. That's actually pretty advanced when you consider you lie at a toddler level.
Oh we're talking about Hillary Clinton now. I agree... Forget jail straight to hell with that lying woman hating "woman". She makes my skin crawl too!
Пойдите, ебать себя
It's called good sportsmanship! It's done to get venues for the Olympics 
& all kinds of different things around the world. You want to go back to dissing Canada & Mexico because you know you messed up when it came to NAFTA. You are the worst thing that ever happened to the USA.
That’s the million dollars question that no one seems to have an answer for.
Threatening countries like Morocco makes you look like the fool you are. I hope they give it to a country who deserves it. After this tweet it’s evident that we don’t  and shouldn’t get it till you are out of office.
Trump is lobbing against America ...?
Trump’s veiled threat against nations that may oppose the US bid to co-host the 2026 #WorldCup has prompted the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (#FIFA) to refer to guidelines that warn against political influence over bids. 
He just knows it's something really, really special that has "winners" and "losers."
Mr President
   
  Politics is not allowed to interfere in the world of football
  America is fighting some Arab countries in the name of democracy
   you threaten everyone who disagrees with you in the opinion ?
  The concept of democracy please ?

tit
There really isn't one damn thing you can do ethically, is there?
lol you are ridiculous just leave. Leave the WH. Leave the country. Your kind isn’t wanted here.
USA for World cup 2026
No man is time morocco
I love Morocco!! Great Country, good people. Hugs from Brazil .
Morocco was the first nation, in 1777, to recognize the fledgling United States as an independent nation. In the beginning of the American Revolution, American merchant ships were subject to attack by the Barbary Pirates while sailing the Atlantic Ocean. At this time,
Послушайте, Уважаемый Дональд! Я живу в России, Сибирь, Барнаул. Почему Вы такой агрессивный! Что случилось с миром! Оскорбляете все и что-то декларируете... Я уверен вы не такой в быту - вечно воюющий! Так какого хрена на на мир ополчились (не путайте с пропагандой. пожалуйста)!
米国为了和加拿大以及墨西哥一起承办2026年世界杯做了强有力的竞投。如果我们一直援助的国家恩将仇报阻拦我们成功竞投，那将是一桩耻辱！为什么我们要援助这些不支持我们的国家(包括在联合国)?
注:米国申办2026年世界杯，加拿大和墨西哥中途加入，三国组队与北非国家摩纳哥竞投主办权。摩纳哥是中国的
加注:黑人亲中是共识。摩是对中免签最早的国家之一，等等，一句话摩乃中国的小跟班。又因为竞投的投票权是一国一票，无论其他，所以中国稍微操纵一下，就像在联合国一样把米加墨联队挤出去是分分钟的事情。就是又浪费了一次世界杯。上次南非那场，据说英国早买好买了双程机票，都还没有踢开就打道回府
Why are you ruining soccer too HAVE WE NOT LOST ENOUGH
At least he hates football and mess it up!
You don't even know the rules of football and you want to host the world cup 
FIFA won’t tolerate this crap. You can’t threaten other countries. Bullying is wrong!
Man act like president !!!! Not mafia boss
Changing your feeble mind, again, about the United Nations? I've listened to your crazy crap in NYC for years about how much you hate it. *sad*
This is equivalent to a 1st grader saying that he won’t share his cookies, unless the other kids let him win at Dodgeball.
Maybe you should familiarize yourself with the ethics rules about lobbying for the World Cup. Actually, you should look up the definition of ethics.
Stay away from soccer. You have no place talking about the greatest sport in the world
It’s football
I was going to say football, but he wouldn't know what I was talking about
Fair
Dotard stepped in the poo poo again today with this tweet.  How f*cking embarrassing can you yet?
With each passing day, I love you more & more.
  #GodBlessPresidentTrump  
AWESOME!!  Yep, enough of us Americans just laying down and rolling over!!
"Make America Great Again" President (a few months later): 

We want to laugh/cry/jump/run/sleep/walk,Why should we be supporting these people when they don’t support us?

#Poor_dictators
#Saddam #Gaddafi ...
Amen!  You are so right Mr. President!  Don't let these nasty countries take advantage of the USA any more! #AmericaFirst
The same Mexico you want to build a wall against?
Viva maroooooooc
I do agree with much that you do but I don’t think we should politicize futball. Friendly competition; if we get it we get it.
FFS the US governs no part of FIFA.... They're a separate entity. You can not dictate this
Where's the logic! Make your country a privilege for international sporting events not trying to grab because Putin earned it
Hahaha .. i wish you lose because you will not grant us visas to come cheer our national teams in your country.. simple as that
Bully by nature
"a STRONG bid" from countries that cannot qualify teams to play in tourney (US & canada) and a country that is openly hostile toward foreign visitors (US). 
More support $$$
The American men's football team is inferior to the American men's basketball team, and the United States cannot hold the World Cup.
#STOPTrumpFromTweetingNOW #FakePOTUS #crookedTRUMP #lockhimUP #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCorruption #embarrassedbyTRUMP #CleanTheGOPOut2018 #BlueTsunami 



If the president won't honor James Shaw Jr., we will! 

James Shaw Jr. is paying for the funeral of each of the four Waffle House shooting victims out of the gofund…
Vote for Morocco 
Well this tweet guarantees the US won’t get the WC. 
#ETTD
Kinda was guaranteed at the #muslimban 

I mean even girl scouts abroad and in   cancelled their USA bound travels a month after the ban
2026.... holy shit man , if the world isn’t in another world war by then, I’m all for it.. let’s play some SOCCER 
You can't bully other nations into supporting US bid,  Mr. President. It's against #FIFA rules. This will most certainly nullify the bid stupid! 
If nothing else Mr Trump's threats will make Morocco a better bet for the win
Kinda sounds like blackmail. So much for free market.
You must not know what blackmail is
We can do it Morocco 2026
Because the world despises YOU Mr Trump. And because sadly, at least for the meantime, endorsement of the U.S means endorsement of YOU. It's nothing to do with the people of America, whom we love, only YOU. 
So if you really love your country, do it a favour and step down.
Your an idiot
You're actually threatening other countries over the World Cup? Seriously?
He’s cuckoo for cocoa puffs that’s what I say when he’s not dealing with reality or maybe she’s just losing that
Will you stop making everything political ! The events are for the players and fans ! Not for you greedy power play or politics you pathetic waste of flesh ! #LoserTrump
Morocco vs 3 superpowers and you still need to tweet and beg for voices? Flattering 
Oh crap... Here comes the Donald with his reverse Midas Touch.
Do not forget that Morocco is the first country to recognize America as an independent and sovereign state
"We consider it important to formulate and take a decision in the General Assembly of the United Nations, to enshrine the principle of non-politicization of sport." Vladimir putin said.
Please be careful and stop contradictionar. #morocco2026
I don't support my country being in a joint bid with your country, especially for such a useless endeavour.
If it was say a 3 way pact to take in more refugees I could get behind it
#Maroc2026

Mexico is working with others to perpetrate a coordinated invasion. I say reject them all until we extreme vet; arrest any Americans assisting in this invasion!
I like just bdw of the moroco is good bdw , moroco 2026
Morocco  deserves a chance for the 2026 World Summer Olympics.
Al9erd 3eye9tiha bezaaf ch7al ou 7na sa brune 3lik tal hadi la sir chouflek chi 7aja khra Bach dekhel biha leflous!! Pfff
منهجك السياسي رائعة و يليق بك رجل تجارة العطاء و الاخذ منهج تاجر في السياسية 
السياسية بعيدة عنك كل البعد
Donald Trump is a American Nightmare and a International Embarrassment Constantly.
Well, you fu*cked that up too, didn't you?
Probs because most of the planet think you’re a   plus Canada don’t play the game and you had you’re chance in 94 but @DianaRoss fucked it up for you  Go Mexico  or Morocco 
Give it to Mexico.


FIFA warns Trump on ethics rules after tweet about lobbying for World Cup in US http://hill.cm/N7eE3N6  
Wait what?? So your threatening any country who doesn’t back your bid? First off the US doesn’t even pronounce the name of the sport correctly. The pure drivel that comes outta your mouth Sir is truly shocking! Go perm ya hair or put ya St Tropez on leave FOOTBALL alone
Haha... true @BonesJonesLFC
Off his head bro
Did you...did you just threaten our neighboring countries over a sporting event? #UnfitForOffice #WorstPresidentEver #Resign #Article25
La "DEMOCRACIA" de USA en su expresión consuetudinaria. Sistema en extinsión.
Is this a threat? If it is, it guarantees lobbying against your bid. A World Cup in Mexico would seem more appropriate to me, where 'soccer' is at World Cup level.
You are wacky
The toddler Trump speaks. I want my way and if I don't get it I will take my toys and go home. Thinly veiled threats are just sooo appropriate. Do you think because you have no friends that it is O.K. for the United States?
getting schooled in ethics by FIFA 
Agreed.
You need to increase your Med's. You're getting worse.
Wow. Because a respect your office I am saying this: Trump resign. Please......
Oh please. Take your ball & bat and stay home.
It is unethical to threaten other nations in an attempt to be chosen. Also you have weakened our chances with the Muslim travel ban.
Unhinged much
Dedícate a hacer cosa más importantes por tu país que por un mundial eres el peor presiente que eligió estados unidos para su país.
Did it ever occur to you that it isn’t our country they don’t support? It’s YOU whom they can’t stand.
You’re nuts Trump.
I'm sure they want to avoid being part of the National Nightmare that we all experience every time you go to a podium to speak or take to Twitter.
Hey dickhead, do you even know how many players comprise a football ( soccer ) team ?
No, of course you dont, but like everything else in your pathetic presidency you involve yourself in things of which you are totally ignorant.
What a disgrace to your nation you are
You are so stu%$#
We won't let other countries who take our $Taxpayers dollars to use us as their punching bag...Take notice your in the ERA of Trump....#MAGA!!!
(Including at the United Nations) !!! Seriously ? That means possibly that you want Morocco to pullout their file ?! In exchange for support in the Western Sahara case ?!#realDonaldTrump
Oh, okay, so since they are being SO unreasonable, why don’t we support them in their bids?  Then we can thumb our nose and say  how great and generous WE are.  You sound like a sef-centered teenager.  Grow up, Sir.  Please.
You have to be shitting me....
Thank you @POTUS for ALWAYS putting #AmericaFirst & #MAGA
Are you afraid Morocco will host the  2026 world cup? BIG JEALOUS
1. Morocco is a LONG ally and if either wins it's a good thing. 2. If U.S. gets bid, you realize that foreigners *gasp* will be coming to America right? 3. Your "threat" actually threatens our bid 4. Maybe countries aren't voting U.S because they don't like you.
Lobbying is what you do with other countries behind the scenes. What Morocco does called Diplomacy. 
If you really support us and you want our countries to become developed, why do you bid against us, knowing that you have already hosted that event and it is our turn and right
Who are you, the Godfather? "Nice store you got here. It would be a shame if something should happen to it"
Help them
You just probably lost our bid to host the World Cup by your threat. Against the FIFA rules asshole.
Fuuuuuuuuck yooooooooooou.
No, thank you. I don't wanna get murdered in a shooting or something  like that. Morocco should get an opportunity.
What the actual fuck?
Are you off your meds again?
You are NOT a good representative for this nation.  I look forward to the day you are REMOVED, you resign, Or aged out of that office. You are a disgrace.
Woah Woah Did Someone Say, "North American Union," Mr. President?

So Much For Sovereignty, Sir.

Very, Very Sneaky

I See What You Did There, Dood

#AmeroDineroHereComesJackSparrow
The only other contestant so far is Morocco. He’s so afraid Morocco could win that he starts threatening FIFA. FIFA is allergic to government meddling. It will know how to react.
If you want to host the world cup you'll need to win the bidding process the same way everyone else does.

Bribe FIFA
It's a problem when you are considered less ethical than FIFA.  
#Trump #FakePresident #fool #FifaWorldCup2018
I guess they might since you trash them at every opportunity.  You have not been a friend to them so they may not be a friend to you.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Governments cannot interfere with football, it's part of the rules of FIFA, you big fucking orange.
I know that Morocco is also bidding to host the 2026 world cup, like you will always say America first, permit me to say Africa first your excellency. I support #Morocco 2026
Threatening? SHAME on U! This is NOT how u will stop Morocco! Since when the US know how to play soccer? #Maroc2026 #CoupeDuMonde #football
@realDonaldTrump endorses Mexico
Apparently, no one has told you that you can't threaten FISA or other nations to get the World Cup here. These are not your "wise guys"
Why are American Attorneys going to the border advising The illegals what to say. This is illegal.
Dedicated to all the nation of America
You might have just kicked yourself up the arse ... literally threatening to cut off support to other countries who may also be planning to bid for the 2016 World Cup would be considered a highly unethical attack on those countries by FIFA
OMG You are just a gold digger --"

Start with getting the UN out of NYC, clean up the area around it, and turn it into a city park   The UN sucks
Guessing you’ll wait til after the World Cup to build your wall then? #idiot #fantasist
My dads bigger than your dad. FFS man grow up. #cantpolishaturd
Mr. President: All the rangers and all the help from the region come from the Democrats' headquarters. I hope that God will solve all the problems with the right and proper thinking: thank you.
Agree
FIFA refers to ethics rules after Trump tweets on US World Cup bid. 

#FIFA #Trump #Moron #WorldCup #EthicsViolations
I don't give a hoot about sporting event locations, nor about tweets which use the same as a subtext to strong-arm other nations into compliance.
Even worst than in my expectations.
Go #Morocco2026 !!
You do realize  #trump there are rules to follow in getting this bid and you just broke a whole bunch of them.  Way to ruin the chances for everyone involved!  Perhaps a good selling point would be that you WILL NOT be president when then World Cup would play! #trumpfail
You are off your head mate.
Remember when the person elected to the office of President of the United States was called the "Leader of the free world"? Now he's just called the racist asshole who thinks he can get away with bullying everyone into following his stupidity while creating havoc around the world
Agreed. If they don't support us, then we don't want to waste our money on them.
The United States does NOT need the United Nations and never has. The United Nations is a farce and only needs us for the ridiculous & wasted billions $$ we give them. Time for US to disconnect from them! Sooner the better! 
#Pray4America #MAGA #VoteRepublican #LoveMyPOTUS #NRA
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada & Mexico for the 2018 World Impeachment Cup. It would be a shame if other countries did not support this and did not help out with a donation bid. Why Should you be supporting Mueller? because he supports the United States!
Surely @FIFAcom delegates should vote for the BEST bid @realDonaldTrump otherwise they would be acting by INDUCEMENT or under THREAT and you'd have to report them to the @FBI (if  you haven't fired them all)
Shit FBI keeps getting caught up in lies.
Whatever, that sport sucks anyway,....
Yup USA SUCKS IN WORLD FOOTBALL.
I think the sport sucks in general. A lot of hype and in the end the matches can't deliver. Not to mention the corruption that is going on.
We're gonna build a wall and FIFA is going to pay for it.
jeezus, stop acting like a child.
Shut up Don we’re sick of your empty threats against people nations who don’t toe US Imperialist line
Wtf are you talking about, cheeto?
Get a real job
FIFA has rules about political interference Don. Please get your legal team to vet your tweets.
Calm down @realDonaldTrump
What? You're getting nuttier and nuttier by the day
Because until you came along everyone slapped around the US.
By 2026 I hope you, Donnie, are watching in a orange jumpsuit!
Sport is a FairPlay, Sport is an own choice, Sport is not a politic
We have Russia support, we don't need yours
It's not the "US bid" you moron, it's a joint bid from 3 countries. And once a bully, always a bully, right?
Maroc 2026
Leave the United Nations ALONE. That is not your business. You are the biggest busy-body, take care of your own business in your house, it definitely needs work. You are affluent and you have tax-payers pay your way for your whole rich family. Taking EVERYONE for a ride. Immoral!
No podemos vivir en paz fuera de un sistema de mierda como el que tu quieres tienes  caca en la cabeza o que ?  Tu puta raza no vale nada
