
Hilary and Kim Jong ill get their pantsuits at the same Taylor
Well Il is dead. Maybe you mean Un. 
As in
The Son The Moon and Uranus

The vitriol and ugliness in many of these posts makes me sick
 A terrific lady passes away. The rest is just an excuse to blather about hate. SHAME on you!!
I pity you. Such intellect.....
I am uppalled by the people the people that have posted inflammatory remarks at @realDonaldTrump when He is wishing condolences to Barbara Bush and Her Family.  
You people have no morals or ethics. 
  Prayers For Barbara Bush and Her Family 
Liberals are so pathetic they think they are so educated , but they have 0 common sense! I would much rather have common sense , rather than spell correctly  they are to stupid to see they got played.  Look at mccabe they donated over 500k for his defense and even RR fired him
Um, being educated and having common sense are not mutually exclusive. That's where people always get it wrong. And I can assure you that you can have all the common sense in the world and if you can't express it above a 2nd grade level people will still think you're stupid.
Some people are very well educated and still cannot spell!
If they're truly well educated, then they know the value of proofreading. 

There's no excuse for it, really, except pure laziness, especially when the computer does it all for you. And when you try to defend it by sneering at education,  you aren't helping your argument.
Because an intelligent person doesn't make themselves appear stupid to "trigger" people they disagree with. That's the equivalent of shooting yourself in the face to get revenge on someone else. You know, if you people would just take 5 seconds to think, you might help yourselves
And the liberal nut case that burned himself to death to show gas was bad?  you dont see sane people doing that
.
From one with no heart to a lady with a big heart.
This is fake
#Incompetence at its finest.   @realDonaldTrump
Coming from you, donald, those words about Barbara Bush are nothing but worthless wind. http://Needtoimpeach.com  http://Needtoimpeach.com  http://Needtoimpeach.com  http://Needtoimpeach.com 
Hmm this looks oddly similar to Obama’s statement
RIP Barbara Bush unlike our current First Lady you’re a class act, you’ll be missed.
So what's Melania going to do to leave her mark???
Barbara Bush was a wonderful person & 1st lady. Class, grace, kind, modest & intelligent. Qualities neither you or Melania could ever have. A shame your half naked 3rd wife holds the same position as some one like her or Jackie O. Its a god damn outrage actually. #coldhardtruth
Why are you tweeting about this. Everybody already knows. You are a total moron! You are saying this multiple times as if you are trying to make a desperate attempt to make people notice you and think your good. Surprise! Your not. You are the worst president in history!
You put yourself before everything. Even someone you're trying to acknowledge. Sad.
You can't erase the internet. You did not read before you tweeted. You gave #FakeNews
The nation can’t wait to celebrate your life
Um, she hated you. Zip it.
She despised you. 
Apparently you do to!
Tu šaunuolis!!!!.
Rip Mrs. Bush
Good ,好
No Melania did while you were golfing. I'd like to see who comes to your funeral with a sincre heart.....dear god you makeme sick
My daughter and I met Barbara and 41 the day they dedicated the Children's Hospital in Portland Maine. My granddaughter was in the emergency department the day of her funeral and she got a Barbara Bush teddy bear with a little tshirt with Barbara Bush's name on it.
A class act & beautiful woman...
Melania has brought dignity & grace back to the White House on the level of Jackie O, thank you President trump for all you do for us...John

Mrs Bush knew a con man when she saw one.
Yeah she lived with one..
She lived withn an ENTIRE family of them! And the words "con man", doesn't come close to doing them justice regarding what the line of Bush men have done to our Country! AMEN!
While I agree that both Bush men were god awful for our country, they were nowhere as much of a con as trump. while I think the bush's policies were hideous they were men who loved their families.
Maybe do some research on Prescott Bush and his best friend "Gerorge Walker"... Then tell us about LOVE. I will give you a hint, it is regarding JFK. Jesus Loves You, Suzanne.
Sorry, I meant "George Walker"
Barbara Bush:  "I don’t know how women can vote" for Trump http://cbsnews.com/video/barbara- … via @cbsthismorning
Ruth how about hillarys quote, we all hang if that bastard wins...uae that quote
Did she really say that, because last time I heard it was Joe Biden who said that, but I don’t quite believe that either. I am quite certain that a benign comment was taken COMPLETELY out of context, like when Hillary did say that tRump supporters were a basket of deplorables
HYPOCRITE
You celebrated Barbara Bush's life, but not enough to fly Mar A Lago's US flag at half mast until the press called you on it? What a sad S O B you are, Mr. Trump! Ms. Melania, you deserve better in a husband... Ask the Obamas or the Bushes for sanctuary from Donald!!!

Hey Trumpy, did you see how Melania was all over Barrack at the funeral. You better watch her you know she hasn’t had any good loving in a long time
The President hurt Barbara Bush immensely by hurting Jeff Bush’s image. Only a mother knows how painful it is to have a son like Jeff Bush become the victim of bullying. A bully like Donald Trump
All this sentiment while your @FLOTUS is smiling the first smile we have seen since you took office(while sitting next to Obama) and @realDonaldTrump is playing golf. Hmmm...
Barbara Bush disliked you to the degree of almost HATE! Like the rest of the country and our allies.  Loser Con Presidents with their trophy wives need to RESIGN! TAKE your unintelligent Adult children with you! Go 2 Russia. #Resistance #TheResistance #VoteThemOut #BlueWave2018
We join our President and First Lady in our prayers and condolences to the family of First Lady Barbara Bush, may her sould rest in eternal peace. Teresa Nazareth and family
We know you didn’t write this. With all the horrible disrespectful things you have said about each member of this family, your words mean nothing. You couldn’t attend because your weren’t welcome by any one person in the Church, not even Melania!
Myself and my wife always admired this great lady,
Mrs Bush  you have done a great job have a peaceful rest,God bless you
.@FLOTUS Melania and i join the russian Nation in celebrating our collusion. Mueller is coming for me, so just like spicer, i will hide in a Bush.
Is Melanija know who’s Barbara Bush? Asking for friend.
The Bushes hate you.
America will have a huge celebration when you are finally out of the White House!
Even Barbara Bush wasn't as racist and hateful as you. She would be ashamed for you to honour her in such a way!
Even Barbara Bush thinks you are UNETHICAL  What a good judge od character she was.
Didn't you post this already?
Get out of OUR House. #Muellertrainrolling #theresistence #indivisible #dotard #moron #voteblue #BlueWave #BlueTsunami #allthebestwords #ugh #goingtojail #deplorable #ignorant #unfit
So you removed the wrong date and just retweet the same message. Your pathetic Trump!
You posted this earlier with the wrong date on it. Then you deleted it  and posted it again. Is there anything you can't screw up? Also, Barbara Bush hated you and thought you were disgusting.
Bahahaha you just cropped out your mistakes from your previous post... lazy.
Kind words, but not sure it's from the heart.  New found respect?  Doubtful.  Saldly stated. Hopefully wrongly.



Love and appreciate you both @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP  
God bless you and your family.
Amen. God bless you and your family Mr. Trump. Your sacrifice for our country will never be forgotten. #MAGA
Thank you, Mr. President. Your future eternal existence will consist of countless numbers of individuals approaching you with thanks and gratitude for setting them free and #MAGA.
If you were a decent human being, you would be at Barbara Bush’s funeral!  Instead of lying low, you go golfing. Speaks volumes about your lack of character!
You are a dork! Making a joke while giving a eulogy. WHY any women would vote for you a pathological liar is a wonder.
You could learn a lot from Mrs. Bush...integrity, morals, compassion, intelligence, communication...the list is endless!
And, who ACTUALLY wrote this tribute? Certainly not the president.
Your too busy playing golf and are disrespectful. What’s the matter can’t face all those you insulted? Du
You realize you’re not welcome there... go play golf to honor her memory.
The height of arrogance/narcissism is that you feel your security would be disruptive at Barbara Bush’s funeral  What security could be tighter than protecting at least 3 former Presidents.  No such concerns for Billy Graham’s funeral? Feeding your “Good Christian” base?
Barbara Bush arguably thought you were an ass. I'm sure the Bush family doesn't care what you think and are relieved you're not showing up where you are really unwelcome.
Too busy golfing to attend funeral.. You are truly an embarrassment and a disgrace!
Your a good man and a great President
How does it feel to be banned from attending her funeral.  Good, perhaps she will RIP.
Welcome @JPN_PMO @AbeShinzo!... we love our President Trump! God's blessings to you!


Hey, holes, https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/987401768848928769 …
A Great Lady...with wonderful sense of humor...
Love You Mr. President...Praying For You Daily!!!
It’s a shame you cannot join President Bush at his beautiful wife’s funeral with all the ex-sitting presidents. I admire you with the decision not to cause more grievance for the family with extra security.Thank You First Lady Trump. Thank you for everything Former Fort Lady Bush
It is an embarrassment that you will not be at the 1st Lady’s funeral.  You have no class and you do not LEAD this country.
She hated you. The family hates you. America hates you. #remove
Yet you won't attend Mrs Bush's funeral because you might cause disruption. Fool.
Thank you Melania for showing respect to a great woman. Shame on you the great orange pumpkin. #americasshame #ImpeachTrumpNow #ImpeachmentMotion #impeach #dissappointment #GolfLife
They better Thank our President for being gracious rather then truthful. to speak kindly about a women so ruthless & vengeful because Jeb was rejected by the people. she took her anger out on Trump. giving her blessing to billy Jeb & George Bush to trash our President.
POTUS TRUMP—I strongly implore you to attend Barbara Bush’s funeral with FLOTUS! It is the right thing to do regardless of any ill-will between you and Bush family. YOU are our President-please go and represent Americans and show your respect! Take the high road! Thanks!
I hope these ingrates have a iota of decorum and Thank our beloved President for his kind words--PUBLICLY but knowing these clowns of disrespect i doubt it.
Our President shows nothing but grace. to the notorious Bush Crime family. but somehow these ingrates will find away to insult him. and i can lay money on it they will never thank him for his kind words. george bush is  disgusting, not a humble bone in his body, n entitled ass
would of been best to ignore this funeral, like President Obama ignored Nancy Reagan. at least Nancy was a lady 100% of the time.  unlike Barbara Bush slinging dirt at President Trump, brought he kids up to be just as rude. thank god they no longer represent our country

President Trump is more then gracious to offer nice condolences to a family of globalist that weren't gracious to our President. the old lady was rude & obnoxious at times. because mammas boy Jeb pushed her to do his fighting. Ex-pres Bush was also alarmingly rude to our POTUS.
It’s a good thing your not going I’m sure you wouldn’t be welcome
Maybe you should take her advice!!
Whoops was meant for the comment above yours.  Sorry bout that.
A fine woman and mother of two American Presidents! As a President of the PTA, I am proud of her literacy program for our children. I Will miss her humor, even to her very last breath. Bless the Bush Family thru their pain, and the pain of her beloved George#
You were disgraceful to her son during the election- shameful and disgusting
NICE SPEECH...TOO BAD YOU COULD NEVER (AND WOULD NEVER) ACTUALLY WRITE THIS.
The Bushes hate u
Help Puerto Rico!!!!!
This is a post honoring a gracious woman. You could learn something from her.

You posted this earlier with the wrong date on it. Then you deleted it and posted it again. Is there anything you can't screw up? Also, Barbara Bush hated you and thought you were disgusting.
It cracks me up that they re-posted with the date removed this time. Maybe they still weren't sure what year it was. Imbeciles.
If he didn’t tweet at all with condolences, you would still be biatchin! A date is what you are worked up about, Snowflake? Get a life!
Try reading what other people wrote, the wrong date is just icing on the cake! #LongestWinterEver 
#QAnon
@LizCrokin. It’s quite possible it was written last year; many obits for famous people are pre-written and just updated as necessary from time to time. But to miss changing the year, and then do such a poor job of the language itself—well, it’s just disgusting.
We Support you  @FLOTUS
Melania thanks you..

Former FBI agent Terry J. Albury has pleaded guilty to leaking classified documents to the media and faces a likely sentence of approximately 3-5 years in prison...

James Comey is next in line.
FREE #MAGA HATS AVAILABLE IN RED, WHITE AND BLACK!

Very few left!

click the link now:
Why Free?? Correct me if I’m
mistaken by free is associated with “socialism” hahahah Yeah, fake load of shit Trump
supporters.
How many followers do you have? You’ll always be half the man.
That goes to show how many idiots their are in this world.
Says the tough guy holding a dead  animal’s head.
Yep
Your statement came almost an hour after the Obamas’ (same style). And you’re the president, unfortunately. Did you have to go to his account to be reminded?
No, actually he did have a statement an hour before Obama's , but got the date wrong, so had to delete and do-over. Only the best people......
No, actually someone wrote it for him. 45 doesn’t care or feel for anyone except himself.
1 Peter 4:14
If you are reproached for the name of #Christ, blessed are you, for the Spirit of #glory and of #God #rests upon you. On their part He is blasphemed, but on your part He is glorified.
#Jesus #Saves  #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
Romans 13:1-2
Let every #soul be #subject to the governing #authorities. For there is no #authority except from #God, and the #authorities that exist are appointed by #God. Therefore whoever resists the #authority resists the #ordinance of #God, and those who [1/2]
Does it matter?
Nah..it doesn’t matter, you’re just bored and looking for something irrelevant to argue about. For all we know you’re atheist
2018
Who in the administration was competent enough to crop the date out?
Don’t worry... many of us kept it
I have it as well. So disrespectful!
It was an honest mistake. The reactions of you trolls that live to find anything for material is what's disrespectful and sad. Grow up.
THATS IT! A LITTLE BLURB WRITTEN BY SOMEONE ELSE? YOURE PATHETIC!
So few likes, compared to Obama's tweet about BB.
This was released with a 2017 date. Embarrassing!
"Donald Trump just posted a statement about the passing of Barbara Bush. It has the wrong year on it." https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/white-house-tribute-barbara-bush-error_us_5ad6e8f4e4b0e4d0715b5189?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostPol @WhiteHouse @PressSec @GOPChairwoman @hogangidley45 @SenateGOP #WhiteHouseCHAOS
Not even enough respect to proofread a paragraph of content for accuracy? No worries, I'm sure she'll die again so they can get it right next time. Maybe it was a liberal plot or petty. Anything other then them being soulless trash right?
Actually I think it was done put of disrespect for Mrs. Bush. She HATED him & never had that fact. One thing we know about him...he's a douchebag when it comes to vengeance, no matter who or what it is.
I think you meant "out" instead of "put" & "hid" instead of "had"
You're right! Thank you for pointing out my "mispellings"...I see the irony wasn't lost...
Is Melania going to wear clothes?

Why did you have to remove the date, despite putting in the wrong year, #Dotard? She hated you!
Mahlape
You cheapen even the most routine of presidential duties.
Your press secretary got the date wrong, eh?
Hopelessly Impossible to Feel Any Sincerity and Passion from YOU! Not sure of flotus because she Hides. I just do not think you are Capable to Have, or to Show ANY Human or Humane Compassion! U tweet, than Someone else writes...! Aren't you Hypocritical to the Bush's'?!
Just retweeted since some people didn’t see the official announcement.
That's a rumor and any pictures showing otherwise are edited and fake. Don't be disrespectful during a time like this.
#Ignoranceisbliss #Bigot
Ahhh, but I would find it more interesting to hear what she thought of you!
Sending a COD c**t to do a pussy's job at the funeral. #MAGA
She hated you
Made ya look, huh?
Donnie,she had no respect for you, nor does over half of America.  Don't insult her family by trying to go to her funeral.  Its bad enough that your wife, who posed nude & had an affair with you,is even going.  You have destroyed the meaning of president.
She hated your guts as does a clear majority of this nation. #Impeach45 #TrumpColluded #TreasonousTrump #MandarinMussolini
Melanoma doesn’t join you in anything now, not since she heard about the stormy times past.
Well, it's obvious you didn't write that.
By hating, down playing, insulting the RepubliTARDS... you are an incredibly stupid, idiot president!
Seriously people? You have the time to even criticize his statement about the passing of the former first lady?
Where’s the date of release?
Thank you for your tribute to former First Lady Barbara Bush. Have you read the horrible things your pal Roger Stone has said about her? He has no class.
BARBARA BUSH DIDN’T WANT ANYTHING TO DO WITH YOU IN LIFE. SHE SURE DOESN’T WANT YOU CELEBRATING IT!
She was a big fan of yours too

John Dean "Surely, the Bush family is relieved for Trump is the last person SHE would want attending."
I had heard B BUSH - did NOT like trump
While you play golf, AGAIN, right 45?  No class at all, so sad. Aren't you tired of so much winning?
Most presidents haven't attended the funerals of former First Ladies, and yes, that includes Obama.
IS YOUR GREAT AGAIN. YOUR AMBITION OF SLAVERY, NOT JUST for BLACKS BUT WHITE WOMEN and teens OF YOUR DESIRE. DEMOGRAPHIC SEPERATION. WAR GREED AND POLICE AND MEDIA CORRUPTION.
MELANIA she NEVER THOUGHT OF YOU AT ALL.
But BARBARA NEVER LIKED YOU. She said we should take a stand against you. She thought you were the ANTICRIST. AN EVIL MAN..
So you are not attending her funeral. You would rather play golf and play with hookers. Whilst FLOTUS goes to the funeral
"I don't know how any woman can vote for Trump"  -  Barbara Bush
I don't care about the date.But that he is not able to tweet some compassionate words on his own so shows his lack of empathy and real commitment. It is an insult for wonderful Mrs. Bush. And I bet that this is exactly what this horrible man in the white house intended.
How about that blocked out date????
Thank you President Donald Trump for being the best we have ever had.  I personally want to say how much I appreciate all you do for our country even though you don't have to. You already have all the money anyone could ever want and yet you took it upon yourself to defend us.

Not the date: April 17, 2017. Why am I not surprised.
Was that last year or this year, dotard?

Rest in peace, First Lady Barbara Bush. I am wearing my pearls today in your honor.
to truly celebrate her life would be to show compassion and humility
There will be nothing good to say about you when it’s your time
We mourn with you America 
".He sort of makes faces and says insulting things," Barbara Bush said about Trump. "He's said terrible things about women, terrible things about the military. I don't understand why people are for him, for that reason."
Too late, pumpkin. The whole world saw your "2017" boo-boo. You know what we haven't seen yet? Your tax returns.
what about Obama records where are they his GPA etc  so give me a break
You know, you people use Obama, Hilary, dems, etc, a lot. But not enough punctuation.
She doesn't even like u... w ur diaper ass...  she's not ur wife.. is the agreement u won't deport her as long as she pretends to be ur wife?
Heard you were told to skip the funeral because she knew you were a giant POS.

If there was any confusion on why Trump has decided not attend the funeral of beloved First Lady Barbara Bush...

You’re a bitter, thin-skinned child and a despicable…

#Petty #SAD

Trump said Vladimir Putin bragged to him about the beauty of Russia's hookers, Comey reported in memo. http://apne.ws/CTnTZOx 

I won’t attend #BarbaraBush funeral to “avoid disruptions”.  Disruptions like me live-tweeting during the service, or Barbara leaping out of her coffin to strangle me for all the nasty things I said about her sons & husband! Also because I wasn’t invited
…
Hopefully you will also show respect for her in person on Saturday as the leader of our great nation. Show them you are the best!
Couldn't help noticing you have 43k likes and Obama has 305k likes on his statement. Enough said.
Our statement on the passing of Former First Lady Barbara Bush: 
Why are you not going to her funeral? Golf round?
Soooo Mr. Trump attended the funeral of Billy Graham but feels it is NOT prudent for him to join 4 former Presidents in attending  First Lady Barbara Bush’s funeral?

