On behalf of General Flynn... we must convict @Comey
Except they didn’t. 

Classified after the fact isn’t classified at the time. 

Additionally, Comey had the authority as the director of the FBI at the time to decide if he wanted to declassify his own notes re: discussions w/ you. 

Speaking of classified. You leaked to Kislyac.
Again, Trump lies about what was in the WSJ:
I can’t decide whether this is a lie or simply Trump’s too stupid to understand the distinction.
#TrumpIsAMoron
If you don’t know if the information is accurate, you CAN’T PRESENT IT TO A FISA JUDGE!!!!   Damn    I’ll work at FBI.  I understand THAT much.
Looks like anyone can run the FBI or the DOJ as long as your a democrat and Hillary has you under her thumb.
You leak classified info every day
Here's you sharing classified info with Russians while bragging about firing Comey to shut down the Russia investigation.
Keep winning Mr. President ! You always do . Liberals always lose !
Let’s see,  where have I heard this before? Documents being retroactively marked as classified to suit a narrative? I just can’t seem to put my finger on it. Almost got it. He..hi..hil...on the tip of my tongue.
Classy tweeting while flotus pays respect to Barbara Bush - real classy
So what are you going to do about it Mr President! It's time to smash these criminals! No disrespect Mr President, it's just that we are all tired of being sick and tired, and we want to see things getting done! Continue to keep MAGA! We love you and got your back Sir!
And you lied to the director of the FBI. Which in case you didn't know is a crime.
You know that's not true. They were classified after the fact. Can you go one day without tweeting about Comey or memos or anything?
Lets ask the Israelis for their opinion on leaking top secret information to the enemy.

Remember that one time when you had Russians in the WH and dropped classified info on that Israeli op? 

That was awesome dude!
You and Geraldo.
I’m done with this guy. Can we all agree now he’s gotta go? Enough. Srsly
No, one was classified after he released the info so you could cry about him releasing classified info and the other had the info in question redacted. Now, how about that info you released to the Russians?
USA!
USA!
USA!
On January 14th 2018 you called the Wall Street Journal #FakeNews but now you're listing it a legitimate source? You cant even remember who you like or dislike, can you? I personally cant wait to watch you fall.
We don't know that.  But you admitted to giving classified info to the Russians in the Oval Office. That we know.
Untrue
Oh.  Very true.
Bitch wait...I thought they were lies...are they classified lies?
what.. you never heard of "CLASSIFLIES"?

bruh.... its 2018
Ohhhhhhh....now I understand...I think
strictly covfefe.
Now I’ve got it...perfectly sensible
How about you? You leaked classified info to former Russian ambassador Kislyak.
Normally all payments done electronically but, had to mail a check to American Express, as usual the person helped me appeared to be from a different Agency not the post Office, it was priority Mail, I was told it will arrive Last Saturday, today is Tuesday & Payment Not arrived!
The Gorilla  hard at work, it doesn’t mater if I am getting a her cut, eating food mail a payment or dancing , God forbid if I have to see My Doctor, the Crime is mind boggling ,  how is possible Government Agency for 19 years do such inhuman and Law breaking act in USA !
GORILLA  IN CONTROL that office telling me it is not good to talk to much, he start realizing intelligence might be dumb but they are an American &wise &START REALIZING THE GORILLA ”Knwn as TRAITOR TO USA  “Is the foundation doing these mind boggling &Law breakingACTinUSA
Comey investigation should include HRC
#VoteHiral #VoteHiral #VoteHiral
Keep it up
लालू का बेटा बिहार का #भविष्य है ??
#शत्रुघ्न_सिन्हा 
:
तो अपना #दामाद क्यों नहीं बना लेते ?? @ShatruganSinha @sonakshisinha @yadavtejashwi @narendramodi @kajal_jaihind @NehaShalini2 @manakgupta @awasthis @sudhirchaudhary @mansukhmandviya @PRupala @vijayrupanibjp
Bummer the friend was another FBI agent, who has now told a lot of other FBI agents, who told a bunch of others. Who are, yes, plotting against you, because that's what FBI agents do: enforce the law and lock up criminals..
How about you? You  leaked classified info to Russians and revealed location of nuclear sub in the Pacific. What have you leaked to Putin????
Why are you so scared?  And after all these years being a grifter and a con how have you still not learned to just be cool and not so fucking obvious about your guilt?  You are literally good at NOTHING.
You realeased top security info to the Russians when you took office. Remember? America remembers.
Remember remember remember , Selling Russia our Uranium, Lol True
Most of the items on your list are proven lies.  The others are over 2 decades old. We are being effed by Cadet Spanky Bone Spurs and his mob family each and every day. 
11/06/2018
GOP Armageddon.                            
You said Wall street journal was fake news, oh only if they are not reporting on things that suit you.
You seem to have a god complex are you infallible?
Comey’s friend that leaked was a prior attorney and currently was professor Columbia university.  Why isn’t this Comey friend being charged with leaking classified WH info ?
Because it wasn't classified
BUT I THOUGHT IT WAS ALL FAKE NEWS DONALD
Then the memos are true? They weren't classified when he released them. If they were deemed classified, that means they were true. Untrue information doesn't get the classified material designation.
Yet he’s still walking free unlike what would happen if the same had been done by your average citizen!
Please sign and RT.
https://www.iamwikileaks.org/openletter/ 
 Letter will be delivered to White House June 19th which is the anniversary of Julian entering the Embassy. Help us in the fight to #FreeAssange #ReconnectJulian Please make sure you either confirm through email or confirm on error msg
Trump, remember when you gave classified material to Duterte on the phone?
How about Russian agents in the White House (which endangered Israeli operatives)? Remember bragging “I get the BEST intel!”?

Remember agencies of this & other governments having to be careful with you?
You should make up another funny nickname for Comey and then spell it wrong.

That was funny.
#CrookedDon #DonTheCon @realDonaldTrump Illegitimate @POTUS leaked information to Russians in the @WhiteHouse. #TraitorTrump #TrumpRussia #MuellerTime
His "friend" had far higher clearance than Jarod Kushner. What type of intel has been shared with him? Enjoy prison!!
And how much do you share with Russia?
We can be concerned about Comey and Trump's transgressions and abuses at the same time. But Comey looks like a choir boy compared to DT.
I just completed training wherein, as a clearance holder, I was told that disclosing classified information in that manner is a punishable offense. 
@TRUTH_USA_2016 @GartrellLinda @seanhannity @SKYRIDER4538 @philadper2014 OPToutCOMEY enabledOATHviolators 2CREATEchaos https://youtu.be/HezJuWQVJtQ  seeSOMETHING PROSECUTEsomething https://youtu.be/X6dgRmF1pSg  secureHOUSES,PERSONS,EFFECTS https://youtu.be/psAT5kKwLW8  #DefundPhilaNow
myEASTERwish..My24YEAR GOVERNMENTcreated HELL (includingTHEFTof myHOME withoutCOMPENSATION, DueProcess, 7thAmendment TRIALbyJURY)willBE IMMEDIATELY REMEDIED inCONSTITUTIONALway https://youtu.be/jAELgfS0y5Y  @POTUS findMISSING HUDmoney @RealBenCarson #DefundPhilaNow
Yea?  Well I can top that!  Our president shared classified information with the Russians!
Lock him up
You had already put that information out just like you put the information about you firing him for the Russia investigation how can you say it's a lie when you said it to begin with
Who is WSJ to judge what is classified? Let them hear tapes of you meeting with russians in the Oval, talking to putin with no witnesses, you and your boys with russians in trumpet tower...THEN they can tell us what was classified!!

THEY WERE ONLY LEAKED AFTER THEY WERE RELEASED TO YOUR GOVERNMENT TRUMP. I WONDER HOW THAT HAPPENED  VERY VERY STRANGE 
Tell the public about the Pedovore problem we have in the world. Please people need to know so they can pray harder. I love U POTUS. I'm praying for you.
#LockemUp
#ThereEvil
#Pedevore
#ComeyHrcObama4Gitmo
#TrumpTrain
#Qanon
#2Revolution
#LegalizeAndTaxMarjuania
#TeamJesus
President Trump,  we are so proud of you & Melania,  your First  State Dinner
Fake News brought to you by Faux News.
... classified info about your collusion with russians? you need a consistent stance on leakers. since you pardoned Libby you should praise Comey, as leaks are apparently not a crime in your book.
1. James Comey had the authority to determine classification 
2. They were not classified at the time & parts were redacted 
3. There is NO law against sharing personal notes from an interaction 
4. POTUS did leak highly classified information to Russian spies in the Oval Office
This from a man who shared classified info with the Russians. Your continuous undermining of the rule of law is frightening!
FBI/DOJ have said that ALL Comey memos were considered classified at the time they were written.
LOCK HIM UP!!!! 
#Comeyforprison
Bye Don McPouty Trump.
You are so guilty! Otherwise you wouldn't still be attacking our rightful president Hillary.
Comey might have a mental problem!! Something is there!!
They're fake news, remember ? #Dotard.
You really are "that stupid"!
This lawsuit should be more entertaining than the OJ Simpson trial. Dems are out of control! I expect many Daytime Emmys for libs.
Two too many
President Bone Spurs, you are so full of it you can taste it before it comes out your other end.
Also, I hope Wray is investigating Comey, McCabe, et al.
Comey will have to spend his book money on lawyers ...! Break Him !
"Yes, James Comey leaked information to the media.
No, that information was NOT classified.

Yes, the House GOP leaked information to the media.
Yes, that information WAS classified."
Let's talk Donnie. Remember when you shared real classified information about Israel with the Russians visiting in your office? Want more?
President Trump, unfortunately these fools who respond to your Tweets are recipients of Common Core Learning. This of course means that they do not have the intelligence to understand what is really going on. Know that they are not changing minds.
So it's clear there were dozens, if not hundreds of crooked trogs in the government when you got in there. When are we going to see arrests for these treasonous traitors? We are saying it is beyond time. If people are not awake by now to the truths, they will not be. Sleep away.
It's getting hot in here for Comey about now 
It was NOT classified, dummy!
Must be talking about Obama
Ooooo! A 3-follower bot! I’m so impressed by your lameness. #putinbot #Bot
It should be noted he had intent to show the entire world this classified information!  Through a friend or not!  How can somebody with a job like his be so stupid.  Explain to me how this happens?
The Comey Memos were Declassified by Comey as then Director of the FBI.
You’re repeating yourself Spanky!

Ugh NO

Why is he still walking around? Why aren’t any of them arrested?
@grace_mariano2 @realDonaldTrump 
As per usual you're not telling the truth! They were classified as classified RETROACTIVELY!  This is why you're referred to as Liar-in-chief!!
He needs jail time to think about his crimes it seems he is not convinced of his wrong doing

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.

Anybody who has a brain knows Comey lied. If you don't think he did you're part of the problem you must like being in the swamp water thank God Trump had the guts the stand up for the silent majority God bless him

Trump's White House is full of people without security clearances handling secrets, but Comey's personal notes are the problem.
TRUMP U HYPOCRITE!! DID U FORGET HOW U SHARED "CLASSIFIED INFORMATION?"
That was classified after he shared the memo. Wonder how that happened?
So the failing, totally biased, fake news WSJ is now your buddy?
The WSJ says? You've got access to the memos and classification status, why aren't you going off **government records** for what in the memos was classified?
As much as you talk about Comey, you either have a crush on him, or he knows something that is detrimental to your administration. We will let the courts decide. #MuellerIsComingForYou
“WAH! WAH!
I conspired with Russia to steal the election, repeatedly obstructed justice to cover that up & ADMITTED TO THAT ON TELEVISION!
Now I’m in trouble?
VEWY UNFAIOO!
I’ll do the only thing I know how to do!
Point the finger at other people and WHINE!
WAH!”
- #crybabyTrump
No classified information at the time unlike your leaks of Israeli classified info to RUSSIANS.
Tell Sessions.
You lie lie and lie.
You classified the fact that you obstructed justice?  Why? Please post evidence.
You shared classified information with the Russians... in the Oval. Bafoon.
M
The Crazy Uncle just keeps talking ...
Go back to the attic.
What do you call it when you called #Putin before you called @nikkihaley .......TREASON!!!!!!! #MuellerIsComing
Need a raid on @DeptVetAffairs #lawyers.  Executive order please.  #VA and new @VAOAWP @US_OSC are still not in compliance with law, just getting paid on taxpayers wallet.  #VETERANS and #Whistleblowers are still suffering and under attack the American Congressional Government.
Book em and make them pay taxpayers back what this mess has robbed our country of.
FELONIOUS .@jeffsessions get the shackles and do your job please
LOL, how about all the information you’ve shared with the Russians! Can you say Treason???
All the book money can go into his commissary?
Do you ever listen to the official Daily Briefing or do you just get your news from media outlets owned by Rupert Murdoch?
Which led to appointing Mueller as special counsel,
& you are butt hurt about it & crying out via Twitter like a child. Just resign, and end this charade.
@psgsr160 While you are trying to slander everyone in sight how about the classified information you shared  with the Russians in the Oval Office.  Remember the picture you let a Russian Journalist take yet you did not allow any American Journalists be there.  Karma is a B****h.
Wrong.  Are you trying to change the rule for what goes in between quotes, or is your copy-and-paste function failing?   No, you are just a liar.

Since the memos came from Comeys own brain and hand, how could Trump declare what he hadn’t read or could recite was “CLASSIFIED” when Comey shared it with his fellow FBI leaders or his friend? The public knows this is trump BULLSHIT.
He can’t help it -  #ComeyBookTour
Keep tweeting, Mueller is listening
I guess it was inaccurate since it was classified after he wrote it.  Erases all of Trump’s treason
No they didnt#stoplyingfool
What the hell is Sessions doing?!?!
So how much classified information have you shared with Jared who doesn’t have a security Clarence?
I think he is the one we jail... and all the others will fall!!!
@GOP Leaked The Comey Memos within 30 minutes, so The Public knows a lot more about You (Pervert) than they wanted to know ! 
Do you get the feeling Everyone is turning against you?  
When The Ship is sinking the rats are The 1st to jump ship! #Trumptanic
Lol...you dont believe the justices department who said those letter were not classified. But you believe and quote the Wall Street Journal; Since when the Wall Street gets to determine what is classified and what is not? Little hand Pussydent
Thank you for sharing the truth with the world.  Thanks to your tweets, everyone sees that that MSM won’t report. Light of truth through the propaganda. #MAGA
Getting tired of all exposure of illegal activity......what are we going to do about it?
How long was Petraeus' sentence For the exact same thing?

The Democrats are suing @WikiLeaks and @JulianAssange for revealing how the DNC rigged the Democratic primaries. Help us counter-sue. We've never lost a publishing case and discovery is going to be…
They will witch hunt you all day but not them...sad for the American people! Wish they would get out of your way and let you do your job!
Associated Press reports Comey memos show he and Trump bonded over cracking down on leaks and shared a convivial laugh about journalists making new "friends" in jail & about "putting a head on a pike". Jail birds of a feather flock together.
I seriously doubt it. WSJ same people as National Inquier. He would have been charged long ago. Why do you act so guilty? If you have nothing to hide, release your tax returns and talk with Mueller. If you are guilty, resign, or face indictments.
funny how you say they are fake and classified.
Everyone look at what Trump said look closely "At least " he don't even know....Fake news Trump fake news
I stand with President Trump
If I did that I’d be jailed already. Sick of the double standards!
Comey was so used to breaking the law that he didn't even hesitate to do so.
Good ! One step closer to your impeachment ! 
Comey is a dirty cop! Law??
This President complains only because he didn't get to share the CLASSIFIED INFORMATION with his puppet master, Putin, first.  #DumpTrump #LiarInChief #FreeStormy #FreeMelania.
My mom always told me to wear clean underwear in case I ever got arrested. Plan approriately.
Well, YOU shared Israel's classified intel with Russian spies so I don't think you're got much of a leg to stand on here.

Like the classified information you gave to Russians in your office?
Obsess much? #resign
Impeachment near
Why isn't Sessions doing his job??!
The info was classified AFTER it was shared!
It’s not rather the paper is marked classified, the rule/law says that if the person knows OR SHOULD KNOW the material is classified then it’s classified.
An FBI Director cannot claim they didn’t know. (And neither can a Secretary of State!)
More Trump  Propaganda.
More unadulterated 
They were consider this AFTER- when the R’s leaked them within 39 minutes of getting them from DOJ the other day. Not when he shared them previously. So Rs leaked classified docs. But facts are not your thing, sadly.
You are absolutely unhinged.  #takeyourmeds #resign
Arrest Callme$$$ and force him to flip on @HillaryClinton @dnc @HumaAbedin @BarackObama...
1. Perhaps you should be upset with traitor Nunes who threatened and essentially blackmailed Rosenstein into releasing the memos and then gave them to the Wall Street Journal I believe it was. 
2.The memos prove JIM COMEYS STATEMENTS HAVE BEEN CONSISTENT! HE HAS TOLD THE TRUTH!
3. The CIA has one def of classified. The FBI has another. The State Dept has a third.  There is also a note attached to the memos that stated Comey classified the memos as Top Secret and they were down graded. It would be nice if just once you would have a flipping clue, Trump.
When is Comey going to be charged for violating our Classified Material laws? ARMY STRONG.
I voted for you I support you but give it a rest sir you have so many great things you could be doing but you are letting them get to you. It kinda sounds like an old person gripping all the time. Good luck.
Here’s going to more.  PLENTY more I assume
*there’s*.  Spell check.
1/At least he didn't:
Collude with Putin to steal an election
Lie about the size of his inauguration crowd
Imitate a disabled reporter
Claim that Mexicans are rapists
Collude with Putin to steal an election
Lie about the size of his inauguration crowd
Imitate a disabled reporter
3/
Hire goons to threaten women who slept with him
Encourage his supporters to shoot his political opponent
Hire a Russian spy as his campaign manager
Call reporters pretending to be someone else
4/
Stiff just about everyone doing business with him, including hardworking contractors
Avoid creditors by filing for bankruptcy numerous times
Bring an avowed white supremacist into the White House
Claim that some neo-Nazis are good people
5/
Brag about the size of his penis in a nationally-televised debate

Sexually assault a woman on an airplane and then claim she wasn’t good looking enough to assault
Tell his son to lie  about a meeting with the Russians
6/
Say he would date his adult daughter, and speculate on the eventual breast size of his baby daughter
Rape his ex-wife and pull her hair out
Retweet neo-Nazis
Insults our allies
7/
Make the RNC delete Russian sanctions from the party platform
Cozy up to racists by claiming the African American president wasn’t born in this country, and lying bout having “evidence”
Claim that reporters should be put in jail
8/
Back out of the Paris Climate Accord 
Try to ban Muslims from entering our country 
Fire an Attorney General for sounding the alarm about Mike Flynn
Obstruct justice
Truth comes back to bite.  MAGA  
A friend
All lies too bad none of you are smart enough to know the law... both sad little men!  Good thing you have each other for comfort
Mr. President, please try to ignore the BS. You and the first lady are doing a spectacular job.
You are making the world pay attention! Stay strong, may God be with you!
lock him up
AG need to get his act to gather and get to work!
Good morning mr. President how are you this morning
Lock up comrat
Hello
Would have been OK if the friend were Russian.
#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
Make examples out of corrupt law makers and enforcers! They should be held to a higher standard! DOJ needs to get on it now!
You should raid his house at 5 am
Je suis étonné de l'absence de messages républicains aujourd'hui sur une chose en particulier: les mémos confirment que Trump a demandé à Comey d'enquêter et de mettre au repos les trucs des prostituées russes, ce que vous ne faites pas si vous êtes coupable.
No they weren't.

You were absolutely so  bad
 on phone interview on Fox today and we are so embassed  you represent our country.
