Funny is not the word....
Don’t let anyone else “tell you” how to make a deal.  You wrote the “Art of the Deal” and continue to live thru your actions.  #WeThePeople bet on YOU!!  And so far;  #WeThePeople ARE THRILLED WITH THE RESULTS!!!  @POTUS !!! #MAGA #KAG #KAG2018 #KAG2020 #IStandWithTrump 
0 is less than 10
Only YOU Donnie! The wisest, smartest, bestest prez EVER, NOT!!
مرحباً ، صباح الخير ، أنا آسف لإزعاجك ، هذه مزحة سيئة ، أنا آسف ، أنا لست عربياً
What phone do you use?  An official Blackberry like President Obama or your own personal phone?  You know that's a serious breach of protocol much much worse than anything Hillary did by forgetting to switch servers.  BIG TROUBLE. #TrumpUsesHIsOwnPhoneWorseThanHillary
Keep going Mr President we are with you 1000%!   You make us so Proud! Praying 4 u & yr family every day! God Bless You!
Your The Best Mr President!
So funny


7 likes and 5 retweets don't argue your case very well.
That's because everybody know that you can't make a good deal. You've already proven that with all your failures and bankruptcies, stiffing contractors, vendors, etc., fake university. The only deals you make are crooked ones.
I can tell you how to get lost and leave us alone
Mikey says hi....

https://www.facebook.com/dionna.cook.3/videos/1937489746285401/ …    Starting at 1 hour and 38 minutes :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnnQQLlOcos&t=5887s … Starting at 49  minutes and 30 seconds :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0HCGmSKpV4&t=2994s ….
Un is playing you, you putz
FAKE NEWS
Russia talked to Korea and threaten them making you look like you negotiated something...JOHN BARRON talked to Putin for you.  You do realize there are medicines to control your multiple personality disorders right?

Sometimes don’t you simply wish to be able to do this to all those pundits that never read “The Art of the Deal”:
The "Pundits" coulnd't make a deal? Despite your reliance on Sean Hannity to know what to do, the pundits are not SUPPOSED to be making a deal with Korea! Do you even know what your job is?
Funny how you haven't mentioned the Waffle House shooting or congratulated the young hero who used his newfound fame to raise money for the victims. Funny how you haven't mentioned the murderous Incel either.
Funny how Trump actually thinks he’s a president.
He is a president in name only, PINO. #Voteblue2018
.@realDonaldTrump screw those clowns, brother! Let's keep on making #AMERICA great again!
How about a #THOUSAND more followers?!? I could foment the #DEMOCRAT #MIDTERM #MASSACRE all by my lonesome 
By the way, can we all REPEAT AFTER ME?!?
NO #COLLUSION 
You think you're close to a deal.
You also promised health insurance reform and gave us Trump Doesn't Care instead.
The pundits are smarter than you.
You did nothing to make this happen. It was China and NK. But if it takes some of your guilt away for not attending a FLOTUS funeral and playing golf instead, go ahead pat yourself on the back.
Oops.
Here's what I think about you!
How many of your companies went bankrupt again?
Even a single nuclear event could kill the ENTIRE planet. Must be done!
Funny how a white man kills 4 people of color with an assault-style rifle in a waffle house, a gunless black man wrestles the gun away from shooter & saves lives & our “president” says nothing. Not even the empty “thoughts and prayers” tweet. Should we ban angry white men?
I'm surprised that Obozo hasn't called you to tell you what to do.  You're doing fine.  America is Great Again.  Ignore the racist liberal bigots.  Keep doing things the way you're doing them.
The North Koreans have made more progress on their nuclear program under you than under any other President.
So TRUE!!!!
Ha! Love it!

#ToiletsAlsoHaveABlueWave
#TarmacMeeting
#ReleaseTheVideo
#SpiritCooking
#GayObama
#CrookedHillary
#ComeyLeaks 
#PedoPodestaBrothers
#IBoR
#TheGreatAwakening
#FakeNews
#Qanon
#MAGA
#BuildTheWall
#DrainTheSwamp
#GITMO
#TrustThePlan
Always how it goes, everybody thinks they knew the answer, or know the answer, the DEAL IS, you did make it happen @POTUS, without any Pundit help at all.
With all due respect Mr President, you told Rex he was wasting his time while trying to negotiate with North Korea. Maybe you should bring him back to close the deal!

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
You haven’t made the deal. And Kim is probably going to clean your clock.

Does that include the bottom dwellers at FOX?
Pattismack stop it you’re embarrassing yourself and your family with ignorant posts. Lol
Larry Allen, stop it. You're embarrassing yourself with your inability to use proper punctuation.
You haven’t put together one damn deal since taking office. Sitting there waiting for the senate to bring you something to sign isn’t exactly dealmaking. You probably thought you could just pay someone to do what you say but in the real world you have to earn it!
I don't like you at all Mr Trump. I sure as he'll never voted for you
Dotard, you are aware that you have given Ung exactly what he wants, to be an equal to the American president? He isn't giving up his nukes, no way. You are getting played.
I’m so proud of my President Donald J. Trump! MAGA 2020!
So I guess a “pee tape” will now surface to try and be passed as “real”..... meanwhile OUR President of the UNITED STATES is bringing peace in N Korea. #MAGA
The Iran Deal$$$150 Billion was=TREASON!!
.

Definitely they are giving you lesson after reading your book, The Art of The Deal.. Keep it up Mr. President
"…http://Ignore.MM.they.are.the.sellouts.of.USA.with.too.many.Established.paid.off .high.ranking.#$@!.
Do you know what Pundit means Donny?
Maybe because you have no fucking clue as to anything you do other than embarrassing leaders from other nations on television for the whole world to see.
I hope you know how stupid this sounds. It’s like you don’t understand how government or foreign policy works...
What a guy. He is strength personified.
Wow!. . .you must have used big boy words!? . . Like my" button is bigger" . .and "our nukes are brand new and shiny!?"
International uncertainties and “dramatic developments” on the Korean Peninsula, West and South Asia, and worries of a “new cold war” between Russia and the U.S. have necessitated a closer understanding between New Delhi and Beijing.
Tell that to fake news cnn
That’s why you’re the @POTUS . #MAGA 
Funny how that works...
“I’ve been losing for nearly 70 years. _Here’s_ how you need to do things.”
You should wait until you actually make some kind of a deal before claiming one. So far your deal making is as useless as your book or a degree from Trump University.
Wait, who is this?  Trump or John Barron?
Hey Dotard...its got nothing to do with YOU. The site is still having aftershocks and is unstable..that's why he shut it down!
You haven’t made a good deal yet, just your typical hot air and bluster!
you realize pundits don’t make policy right? ohh right
John Barron just called in saying the same thing according to Merdith McIver.  However David Dennison hasn't confirmed yet, says he's needing to verify it with John Miller.
Probably because you're a megalomanic who doesn't know how to keep his mouth shut about things that shouldn't be said. Calling countries shitholes for one. Pardon us for having a conscience when you clearly fucking don't.
Pundits don't, can't and shouldn't make deals with foreign dictators. 

pundit

1. an expert in a particular subject or field who is frequently called on to give opinions about it to the public.

"a globe-trotting financial pundit"

synonyms:expert, authority, specialist
I know God for bid anybody tell you how to do anything because you’re so much smarter than everyone else
Pundit are Indians how can relate pundits with North Korean
All talk never true,  no action.  What about ObamaGate, lets talk.
Those media guys are LARP-ers  Mr. President.
No deal yet, so cool your jets Spanky.
And you just lie and get nothing done
Asking you to make a deal is like asking you to run a business successfully. Or raise a family without abusing them. Or not cheat on your wife. Or not get sued, or be racist, or stupid, etc
You are the right man for this job. You will always win your critics. The Lord is your strength. MAGA.
“You” are the difference, 44 cowered and apologized, MAGA!
North Korea only agreed to stop testing nukes.  They are still buildinhg nukes and keeping what they have.

They played you.
Didn't you.sau President Obama shouldn't talk to NK??
You didn’t make a deal. They weren’t testing until you came into office.
Trump got played, again..... Business Insider: Kim Jong Un's latest play for peace was actually a declaration that it's ready for nuclear war — and it just might get it.
Your T.L. reads like a Hitler fan page.
You're gonna fuck this up!
That's why!
President Wimpy, you're being played by much stronger world leaders.
DJT: there is a difference between making a deal and making a good deal.
Hilarious, aren’t they.
You haven't made any deal yet. Past POTUS was smart enough NOT to legitimize NK hmmm
They are idiots
You actually need to learn to make deals, as we've seen you're not that good

Yeah as soon as you stopped taunting Kim Jong Un things began to happen. Now you think you can bully him privately since the public bullying didn't work.

#DrZaibKhan: #PresidentTrump-a success in nuclear disarmament of #NorthKorea
#QAnon Update: #Obama’s life was funded by #SaudiArabia and #MuslimBrotherhood to bring down America! 
https://youtu.be/jN2CESypKeI 

#thestormishere #thestormisus #WWG1WGA #qresearch #qanonposts #qanonupdate #qanonobams #trump #MAGA #trumpnews #news #politics #youtube #vlog
You seem to be better at ruining deals than making them

BREAKING: Iran's foreign minister tells AP that Iran will `most likely' abandon nuclear deal if Trump pulls US out.

Iran warns Trump: US pulling out of nuke deal sends message to North Korea that America reneges on its promises. Read the AP's interview with Iran FM Javad Zarif here:  http://apne.ws/NNQvMSU 

Bro, you did not make that deal. There are some of us who follow you closely and we all know a lie when you tell one, stop or your mouth will close up(wish this were true)!
Please explain what you mean.
Me how
Russia!
What deal did you make. Stop trying to take credit for everything that you have very little to do with.
Lol
I’m sorry, but what deal did you make it exactly?
Funny how you're BaKu condo is now on fire this weekend.
They were to interested in pay for play than run the country
Which deal are going to make?
IDIOTS, they’re hoping they’ll have part of the glory too...ha ha!
Pundits never even tried to make a deal—use your words correctly or don’t use them st all. 

Reminder—you didn’t make this deal
you didnt make a deal

#ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW #ReleaseKennedyFilesNOW
Just #FOAD… You couldn't make a 'deal' if your life depended on it.
Yeah like you need their advice!
Funny how you have zero diplomatic experience
And their also trying to take all the credit you did and give to to that lazy ass, Obama, that did nothing but take vacation!
Thank you, President Trump, for making it possible for American veterans to get medical care at any medical facility, not just VA hospitals.  You are a very caring and outstanding President.  My Dad was a Vet!  God bless you, Sir.
... really. Like trying to out-shyst the Shyster!
and YOU  did NOT either  talk about FAKE .You were opposed to the South talking with the North You were opposed to them being allowed in the winter Olympics and you were opposed to them entering jointly so where did you do ANYTHING
Mr. President do it your way they will give the store Away and getting nothing. You are the man for this job good luck
Well done Mr President. Nobody was able of such historic achievement.
Settle down, Butthead, & say thank you to Daddy Vlad the Defenestrator.
You don’t build anything, only destroy through executive orders- removing any progress.
I guess a steady 2.9% GDP that is about to pass 3% is nothing but that HouseBOY, and I said HouseBOY, couldn't manage a lousy 1.8% in his last year. You crackers really love your HouseBOYs.
Last quarter was 2.3%, as was 2017.
Thanks Mr President for doing what's right.   I worked for you at trump castle  Head of security got to hang out with you a few times you're the real deal.
Pundit comes from the word Sanscrit word Pandit  meaning “knowledge owner” however, the today pundit is just a big mouth with a microphone minus the knowledge! 
O great deal maker, make me a deal
Hey Cadet Bonespurs, I guess they don't need your deal-making skills now?  I'm not surprised you've been sidelined after yesterday's Faux and Friends performance, truly compelling and awful in equal measure.
Farage sucking up to Trump again........there's a surprise......
Great Job Mr. President. 
Not really@a@deal is it
You keep proving them all wrong you are the best and keep proving it.God bless all you do.
Who? Hannity?
Have you absolutely no introspective capability whatsoever?  The unchecked ego leads to utter destruction.  Especially when commanded by such an egregious intellectual deficit.  Welcome to the threshold of your demise.  YOU SICK FUCK!!!
Nobel Peace prize to Donald Trump !! And  Let's go re-election  !! 
No matter what my american repub. friends'd say to me, I , at this moment willingly shout.  My president, Oh my president, Go !!
I been laughing all day. We will keep the secrets to our self on how and what it takes to make a good deal. But even if they knew they still couldn't make a good deal only cause they don't believe. I don't think I got to say no more but I will say I love my angels
The ?? with Kim Jun Un , who has now  personally walked into SK, is what to do with him when relations thaw? He's still guilty of crimes against humanity. He's killed women & children in his Concentration camps. He blew up his relatives and enemies. How can he ever b legitimized?
Everything you touch turns to shit, that’s why.
Which pundits tried to make a deal with NK?  When did we send pundits to do that?
Never take advice from a loser!
Uuhdv you stink
No, whats funny is how happy your wife is standing between the Obamas at Mrs Bush's funeral. She looks like shes with friends. Not that fake smile she has when shes with you!

The Deep State can’t take your accomplishments, it’s fun to watch them squirm.
Your doing an awesome job Mr president keep up the great work
Dobt listen to them. You are the only president to get this far with north Korea and you should do it your way. Next big step would be to come to terms with russia. Big progress to be made the remainder of this year!
Hey trump I’m a 12 year old boy that supports you
Ironic!
Here's the deal Donny, that deal is going to happen whether you're in office, prison, Russia or Russian prison.
Party on with yo bad self.
Come on, Donald. Aren't you just a little embarrassed that Jacob Wohl is one of your biggest supporters?
Ikr!
Funny what a little help from your mentor Putin can do. Oh, and having their nuclear test site collapse didn't hurt either.
Guess what? KJU had to stop testing since that nuke went off and blew up a mountain. You did nothing. He played you. Hope you didn't think it was something you did
You know best,don’t listen to them
Awesome Mr President. Don’t ever give up on making America great again. You’re winning.
Mr President. Don’t defend what you do... remain loyal to the people and your commitment to MAGA
Please don’t screw this up! The entire WORLD is depending on this which means YOU! You penned ‘The Art of the Deal’. I hope it includes spotting a scam. Praying you can. Hopes and Prayers it works! Republicans, Dems, and Independents should support this! If you do, Nobel Prize!
请问对中国发动贸易战值得吗？
Trump is getting played. Xi and Putin have more influence with Kim Jong Un. Plus, Kim Jong Un already broke his nuclear test site. He's just playing this for all it's worth.

Geologists say N. Korea's nuclear test site likely collapsed
you suck at making deals as well.  Ask ANYONE who has worked with you in AC, NYC, abroad in the past and got stiffed when it came to getting paid.
Mr. Trump,
Good job and best wishes!!!
==
Why is this even on Twitter, you scared, narcissistic, old man?
#NeverOneCockroach #TrumpCrimeFamily #ImpeachmentIsComing
You haven't made one yet.  I'm worried you're going to get rolled and played for a sucker.
How did Obama win the Nobel Peace Prize? for what??? !!! @realDonaldTrump will win a Nobel peace Prize if he resolves the North Korea situation peacefully.. and He may write a new chapter in US history..
Sure, NOW they want to jump on board and "STEAL" YOUR IDEAS
yassssss
Didn’t know you blow little Korean guys
Whine, whine, whine. Ughhhhh
The one that said you do not speak for me you must not be an American citizen we the people are the people Trump is our ban he became our president and we must honor him no matter what go Trump and build a wall
That is funny.
I wouldn't pat yourself on the back just yet. Looks like NK's test site is at least partially unusable. The Sth want this to work badly, & may have embellished unconfirmed claims from a low level NK official they want to denuclearize. Kim has only confirmed they will stop testing
You are going to ask to personally observe the test site.....RIGHT?!?
No funny sir
Save Alfie Evans #alfieevans
Funny how you think N Korea are giving up all NUKES as you stated recently giving too mislead your base ETC. 
They have paused their programme while talks are going on, If you think K JON UN will  bow to your DEMANDS.... think again, as you are use to getting your own way.
The pundits said it was a mistake to use “Low Energy” for JEB!, Little Marco,” “Lyin’ Ted,” and “Crooked Hillary.” Too effective? Got to ask if pundits and establishmentarians prefer having the hermit kingdom as it is, or rather as it used to be.
South Korea did it
Oh you'll be just fine
$100.00 says you don't make a deal? I doubt you got that kind of money, but worth a shot!
Don't count your chicken before they are hatched, Mr. Golden Showers.
