Thank You Mr Trump
The checks must have cleared.
Make sure to tell Wendy Wasserman Schulz
Fuckin yanks
Nice work to date Sir.
Don't get too excited. He's a liar, like you.
And Kim Jong Un would never lie to you...
He is FREEZING not suspending for now. Remember this happened once before and then he continued again. Don’t sing victory. He’s playing and he will now want something in return. Remember he just met with China. So don’t gloat that it is your doing. China might have offered better
Perhaps it is because his nukes don’t need to be tested anymore. We await your stable genius input if you meet the North Korean leader. Fake news?
This didn’t happen on Obama’s watch. Great job
Congratulations to the leaders of Chins and South Korea for their discussions with Kim.  You had nothing to do with it

I had read speculation about the likelyhood of the mountain imploding
We're all in this together!!!!!
#MNKGA
Nicely done Mr President!!
#MAGA on Steroids..!
America is Babylon it will soon fall
#TrumpCrimeFamily #ObstructionOfJustice #MoneyLaundering #TrumpRussiaTreason #TrumpTreason #RussianSanctionsNow #RussianSanctionsNow #RussianSanctionsNow #LordyThereAreTapes #NeverAgain #GunControlNow #Spanky
Release the (piss) tapes.
You are #fakenews
Awesome news!
Tell Kimmy to send one to Tilted Towers please
Barack Obama: How can this be!
They’re saying Nobel Prize for Trump and Rodman!

But Mr. President, it's old news,  it's been no Nuclear Tests for quite a while. They offered you a dead monkey.
Or it means that they are further along in their nuclear program and don’t need to do anymore testing....
Let's check in on your current approval rating, shall we?
You will always have your fake polls. We have a great President
#MakingtheWorldGreatAgain
The greatest president ever  thank you for this amazing #Win
Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
The Trumps are in bed with Russia if anyone in the GOP is in bed with the Trumps America will vote you out! NO Trump LEGISLATION EVER; especially NO WALL!!!!!!!
Bullshit.
They have a history of saying this type of shit I won’t believe it until I see it
Ya never had Trump as President watch and learn.
Been waiting, believe it or not I truly wish he wasn’t like he is and would actually succeed and improve the country. All I have seen so far is a dumpster fire...
Can't help you with your liberal blinders on. The media and the left are the only ones holding this country back.
Sure buddy, one day you’ll grow up and realize that the @GOP are fucking your, me and the entire rest of the country for $ and power
Lol how's that I'm not a gop but I see conservative values brings American values something demos lack. I sleep good at night. Do you?
President Trump is creating peace through strength and the left simply can't stand it...

They're more interested in President Trump failing than America and the entire world succeeding.
Peace through strength? Lol
You know, like when Reagan took down the CCCP...
Monkey see, monkey do?
I'm sure #MAGA will believe it , they believe you

Wonder when you’re going to out-right take credit.
And the three Americans being held by #NorthKorea?
This is not your personal victory, you narcissistic dotard.
"The latest announcement from Pyongyang comes during a thawing of relations between North and South Korea."
Yes it is his actually. Without him we’d be getting bombed by NK.
Mr. President, you have just won the Nobel Peace Prize, and rightly so.
Are you insane? 
Why on earth would the insanity-in-chief get the Nobel Peace Prize?! I know he tried to nominate himself for it, didn’t work though. 
He had n o t h i n g to do with NK’s decision, no involvement at all. 
Now quit with this nonsense.
Call him whatever you want, the world is much safer when Trump is the president.
Not true by a long shot. The world hasn’t been this unsafe since the Cold War. Ppl have literally been waiting for WWIII to start on a weekly basis. So quit the obvious lies already.

#MAGA !!!


Drain It!!!


I smell a rat
Obama would have NEVER found a way to contain #RocketMan. Thank you Mr President!
LOL,  Yes, it did. The MSM just didn't cover it. NK has been developing these technologies for YEARS. The are using nuclear material supplied to them by IRAN, Iran got it from RUSSIA and Russia got it from US thanks to Hillary & Obama.


GENIUS
THANK YOU KING TRUMP
OBUMMER COULD NEVER
MY PRESIDENT
UNBELIEVABLE ALPHA MALE
MY PRESIDENT
Winner

And they said you'd start WWIII
Hey, if the radical left’s predictions and narratives were truly credible, we’d be on the way to WW6 by now.  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DrainTheSwamp 
Tru dat !
Full disclosure: what was promised? What was given?
Right? Did Putin call off NK because DJT won’t enforce sanctions? And what authority does Pompeo have? On a secret mission? 
Uh huh.  Live in delusion land lady. Pompeo already met with them.  Deal is already done.
Havent been paying very close attention have you?
Hi @realDonaldTrump,

I truly hope you stay out of it, the people there seem to be doing a great job without you messing it up.
But taking credit for things he had little to nothing to do with is his signature move...
That’s true! Maybe we can convince him to instead take credit for inventing cupcakes.
I'm surprised that he hasn't already
What exactly has he done to turn us into a dictatorship?  Corrupted the FBI, DOJ?  Wait, that was obama. Sold uranium mines to Russia?  Oops, Clinton. Facts are NOT on your side.
Blah blah blah....
That was already well underway, thanks to @BarackObama’s (#pbuh) hard work. You had nothing to do with it.
What ? North korea was laughing at Obomber and never once made any kind move towards peace while we had that lame duck that president.
Behind the scenes there was deals being made. What would you know, you aren’t on any committees.
There *were
He's stopped testing becauae he already has the capability.  Idiots!
How  about  Russia   f  united States  you scared  Putin  ??  Go bomb  close  100 miles  one military bases  there  tonight
Hey Asshole, North Korea is suspending tests because of this. You’re a fucking idiot.
Mr. President we should be more cautious. This statement sounds too good to be true
There’s a lot more to the whole thing. Like denuclearisation. They don’t do that. Then once sanctions are lifted its back to threatening and bullying.
NK stopped tests because they are no longer needed. All systems are ready to go. The "major test site" was already destroyed by the last test it held.
Russia owns you
Wow that is what we call a dumb comment!
Had nothing to do with you
Concerned that NK doesn’t do what they say and doesn’t say what they do.
Stay vigilant, you never know when someone is trying to pull the wool over your eyes. Hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
Excel job @POTUS

滚你麻痹
I always thought Kim was a nice bloke really #croak
Que pena
Anybody else think it’s weird that after the North Korea leader went to China, he’s been put in line. Somethings going on, a tiger doesn’t turn into a kitten over night.

First step forward. However, the ability to skip nuclear ballistic missiles is retained.
My God! Is the BEST THING THAT HAS HAPPENED IN YEARS!!!... where's the PRESS ON THIS???
oh, I forgot.. it's not Obama who did this so the Media is ignoring it= HIPOCRYTES!!
God bless you Mr. Presedant ! Keep going strong in the TRUETH. You're a great blessing for unborn children and for the SOUL Of USA.
4 administration couldn't accomplish what you have in your first two years in office through your brilliant "Peace Through Strength" N.Korea giving up their Nuke program & China changing it's lopsided trade!
Thank You President Trump
Elect Republicans so Trump can do even more!
“Kim’s remarks made no commitment to give up the estimated 60 nuclear bombs and the unknown number of ICBMs he already has.” - Fortune magazine
Are you still here?
Still where?
What about Nancy admitting contact and visit to NK to sell them arms?
If it wasnt for you Mr president that would not be happening,,fantastic job yet again,, making good things happen to america and the world.
Trump fuelled the problem. South Korea fixed it.

China might've been the ones to broker the final deal but all of the appeasement and leg work was done by South Korea prior to the Winter Olympics. Unlike the provacative, war mongering, "diplomacy via twitter" coward you call President.
They’ve already done all their testing. This just buys them time.  It’s all a show !!!!!!! You are incredibly dense.  So much more complicated than you can comprehend.
If you get this deal done - your biggest ever - you deserve the Nobel Prize Mr President.  But of course, #MSM will just talk about #ComeyDaniels #MAGA
Why?
Awesome!
You lie
just don't turn your back on him!!! Hope for the best; prepare for the worst! <3 Well done, sir!
Welcome North korea to nuclear cominoty, of course they will close their test sites because they finished their nuclear  programme.
Too bad you didn’t tweet everything else in the past 48 hours..this might have a positive impact on our collective consciousness.
Nobody needs these 3rd-grade level recaps of what we can read about in  informed and exhaustive publications.  Who is so stupid as to need these?
Draft dodging, lying, two faced, paranoid, egotistical, sexing, condescending, crude, vulgar, son of a gun!
@Fallout fans everywhere: *sigh...*

Liar.
Big Deal!!! Thank God for President Trump!!!!!!#GPOAT!

Who ever talks anything about you Mr Donald Trump ! Your courage and tactfulness worked so nicely ! 
Wish you all the best with Future :)
This is the only thing I absolutely agree with you
Great work POTUS and foreign affairs team!
bring home the Hostages from N Korea

Is that Rosie O'Donnell's ass with Trump's face..?
Thanks mr Presidemt! We need your type in Nigeria and in the world.
Make the world great again and a safer place for all.
Are u beggin for visa?
Keep up the winning, TGIT MAGA
Great start. Build the wall now
Don’t let Kim off the hook for just acting nice! He MUST destroy ALL his Nukes and Missiles or be COMPLETELY DESTROYED!
A GREAT deal would be: Kim Destroys all Nukes/Missiles and agrees to end Korean War. We pull troops out of SKorea, End sanctions & Open Trade with USA
#MAGA
Great job Mr president

What are we paying them and giving them?
You were saying, ladies?
Thanks to Obama
This is great!!!
Great news!
Thank you.  One more day alive.
They’re doing it in order for you to legitimize the regime on the world stage. You’re doing it because you think it’ll look good, they’re doing it because they know you’re dumb enough to legitimize their regime. I wouldn’t be shocked if they told you this at the summit:
May Almighty God be with you, President Trump
You are first president ever to make a real difference in the world! Everyday I so appreciate you are America’s champion!  #MAGA
Why follow something good up like this with your usual crazy bull shit drop this stuff here than be quiet for the love of life please
Wlcm sir
This has zero to do with you! Stop taking credit for the work of China and South Korea
Sir,Kim Jong Un has done all the testing to acquire a credible nuclear weapons system with missiles for delivery. Any reason why he should be testing now. That’s the reason your Republican predecessor left North Korea  alone while gunning for Saddam Hussein.
Fake news
Fake President
Wow so nice
36计之缓兵之计……
You should reward their step in the right direction; lift one sanction for each positive step.
Thank you @POTUS for being tough when other are being #STUPID
Just maybe we can be a world without Nuclear Weapons.
And yes we need to update our arsonal. 
Sounds like China and Russia are tightening their grip on you.  quid pro quo......
Just what will you do with the multiple Nobel Peace Prizes, your going to win? I never knew what obama did to get his. But if NK lays it down. It will be One of the century’s greatest Achievements. I was born on Ike’s Inauguration Day so USA has been at war every day of my life.
Smoke and mirrors. Is disarmament in the deal?
Demoncraps -- Caused this MESS. Trump FIXES IT! GO TRUMP!
Keep up the great work!
Thank goodness the democrats are working on this. Who knows where we would be if they weren’t. Oh that’s right the democrats are still working on Russian collusion that they had proof of a year ago. Good job dems!!
Hopefully he's not just stalling Mr. President. I don't trust that bastard.
Thank you Mr. President!  Unfortunately u will never get an ounce of credit!  So disgusting
Let's get it baby!
Praise God and @POTUS for this change. I pray for peace with North Korea and the world and between the two Koreas. I pray that some day they are one in peace and prosperity and are able to celebrate during the time of blossoms.

Yeah because he already has his nukes.
I mean, I've agreed to not buy anymore shoes. Doesn't mean the 108 pairs in my closet no longer exist or are no longer wearable.
I told you Mr un wouldn't attack the usa.
I feel the need to like this as positive reinforcement
Mr. President, you know how to get things done. I am so impressed! @VP @PressSec @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @foxandfriends @TuckerCarlson
Thank you President Trump
Praise God 
They r liers
U are the Best President Ever
Great news!  I pray he’s NK is being truthful in the suspension!
It’s good news? Have you thought that they have competed the trsts they needed and don’t need to test anymore. Get them to dismantle what exists.

EDXSCFVGBHNJ
when you get there, remember to drink the koolaide!
I detest you, but I love watching the warmongering Democrats who are now itching for war with the DPRK because you are making progress they couldn't make under Obama. I wish you success here.

That came out during the Obama terms.

Hay dude read between the lines !
If this works out President Trump has to win a Nobel Prize
The haters will never give the President credit for anything, and therefore forfeit their credibility.
I don’t like Trump and there is tons of things he’s done that are horrible but I do give him credit where it’s due. It’s not here tho. He’s done close to nothing on NK
This is good @realDonaldTrump but don't fall for the same tricks North Korea has played on others in the past. Keep up maximum pressure and so not relent. Do what you know to do. Make a GOOD DEAL, but be prepared to be absolutely relentless if they try to play the U.S. for fools.
you are great!
Our President ,,,doing what he said
Very good for North Korea. Kim Jong-un pointed out that the American button is much more powerful than his. Congrats, Mr. President!
The summit is the result of South Korea and Japan and China convincing Kim that Trump is an unhinged danger to the world. If the summit happens, it's going to be hilarious seeing North and South Korea sharing the Nobel Peace Prize.  All Trump has provided is a common enemy.
Hey CNN, just in case you missed it.
All down to you Mr President
Shame you keep pissing off Russia
Nice! Well done to you both!
Sending good wishes and encouragement.
Praise from South Korea, 한국에서 축복합니다.
However, we much be aware that NK might be putting on another show like did in front of Clinton. Stupidly Clinton fell for it. We are hoping you will completely get rid of nuclear weapons. - From SK 
감사합니다 한국에서.
NK nuclear program is complete no need to test further !! They have developed fully functional hydrogen bomb and its delivery system to USA !! Lift all sanctions full diplomatic ties restored with North Korea asap !! The era of bullying ended ! Respect all governments system !!!
Respect a government that imprisons 3 generations of your Family for committing crimes against the state? Nah
Old Sarah Smith you just hate good news don't you.
President Donald Trump:  Thanks for how well you handled “rocket boy”.
.Kim revealed your ignorance AGAIN. From the "fire/furry" redline rhetoric-he rapidly passed them all-to agreeing to suspend testing for man made reasons-the testing site collapsed-not negotiations w/ deal oblivious you-toy w/ #sad ego get international recognition #MAGA #Resist
I don't trust any country run by dictator so you better watch him like a hawk
What did you do lucifer the 45th, buy off Kim Jong Un
Three fat cry dizzy in the toilet.
日本のために。。
Congrats President @realDonaldTrump! This is indeed good news. It goes to show there is hope for peace. Diplomacy is still the best answer! #hopeful  #PeaceAdvocate
They agreed, or did they just announce it. And of course North Korea has been so forthright in the past. Be afraid, be very afraid, and don’t take credit for something that hasn’t happened yet
Note.  They said they “completed” their work and don’t need to test anymore.  They are not dismantling anything nor are they giving access to inspectors..
We are all going to die in an inarticulate ball of fire and radiation aren't we 
Check with the NRA on this if you don’t believe me. Nuclear weapons don’t kill people, people kill people. #RepubliCON
Al chile chinga tu madre trump
This is one of the most rewarding things for you and not for the world. If you do not find any country more advanced than you, this is the joy of the most deadly American government in humankind.


I’m just hoping you can keep them at their word they have said those things before. This is only a way to by more time. Don’t be fooled!!!!
That’s just wonderful!! I am so happy and proud to be here during this time
It’s all you Dotard!!! You did that too!!! You do everything Dotard !! You’re the best!!! You’re the all powerful Dotard!!! Wow! We all bow before the Dotard!!! And then you woke up!!! Nobody likes you everybody hates you go out to the garden and eat worms   #PresidentSpanky
Spanky! This, in case you need reminding, HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH YOU
Great job Mr President .
The world love you for it .
Keep up the good work great leader
I
Checking the comment section for why the left thinks this is a bad thing. There’s always a spin.
你他么，随便轰炸别的国家！好意思说这话！逼样的

#FireSessions he’s worthless And he threatens to quit if u fire his Buddy Rosenstein

Thank You!!!
Trump will repeat what he recently did in Syria - BS AMERICA! No surprise at all. The whole Syrian thing was choreographed by Trump & his boyfriend, Putin neither giving a damm about the gassed Syrians!AND, Asad continues to murder more Syrians with Trump and Putin’s complicity!
President Trump, you just found out where Sessions loyalties lie, with Rosenstein and the dems, to me to say, adios to that worthless nothing..
he better not Launch no nuke this time  without telling congress or discussing it with congress or we all are going to die.
