
#MAGA




All great things! No one ever believed North Korea could be solved. All it took was a pair of balls and a man who wrote “The Art of the Deal”.
Strategic patience failed. 
Placating failed. 
Peace came through strength.
Trump's penis/button comparison did nothing to cause this. The collapse/explosion of the North Korea's main nuclear site caused this not Trump.
Here it comes. The left will deny all cr dit to our president. Just STFU. Get out of my country.
Pleasant fellow aren't you... Also America is my country...
Then support it !
I do. Trump is not America...
So open boarders = illegals , free stuff disrespecting police and military ,pedos sex trafficking and ignoring the constitution and  elimenating the middle class is your America .. good luck with that
Psalm 20:5
We will rejoice in your #salvation, And in the name of our #God we will set up our #banners! May the #Lord fulfill all your #petitions.
#Jesus our #Christ  #JesusSaves #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD bless our #Nation #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
The only thing @realDonaldTrump prays for is more $$$$ for himself.
Listen to this pathetic loser. Yes, Trump needs money, that's why he took a job with no pay and opened himself up to attacks from the brainless!
Well, his job pays annually $475k per year (last I checked) that he reported to not take (no evidence of donations).  Yet, he has taken over 110 vacation days at his own golf resorts on the tax payers dime.  Furthermore, he even charges the SS to use golf carts while he’s there.
To a complete fool who can’t follow money it would appear he isn’t making any.  If you consider that he owns these businesses however that means our taxes have paid him TENS OF MILLIONS to golf.  Think about that for a moment.  Now go on and insult or whatever to deflect truth.
Muller is coming for you!
You can't even spell his name correct...stop embarrassing yourself...
So because she supports a 71 who doesn’t always spell right on Twitter and that means she can’t call someone else out for misspelling a name? I don’t understand
Learn how to structure a sentence then get back to me. Dope.
*you’re..
Mr. President if I have the money you had I will resign immediately and enjoy my money
Boy President Trump you are such a great leader!
That's good information.I bet it will be great meeting.
I know how you work Mr President. Your thinking now onto the Middle East peace.
Crazed Democrats claimed that Trump would bring nuclear war to the world when he was elected. Instead he is bringing world peace that hasn't been seen in many, many decades. All Americans applaud Trump for his magnificent insight, negotiating skills and desire for peace!
David, you and Jacob seem to be suffering from premature e-speculation.   You should see a professional.
Is he Jacob Wohl's daddy? Ew.
Poor dems trying anything they can to slander the greatest president of all time Donald J Trump! He's done more for the entire world than the Obama administration has ever done! 1 like = 1 respect 
Clueless trumpkin bumpkin!
Did Trump FART Hmmm 
Report: Trump Jr. Kept in Touch With Kremlin-Connected Agalarov During Transition
How about the Russian attorney (spy) who just recanted her testimony, Veselnikskaya! Can't wait til @DonaldJTrumpJr is in jail! Daddy too!!
We're going to need a bigger prison
Wow, no golf today?
Great !   Thanks for the update. 
Tell him that Kim Jong Un's crimes against humanity can not be smiled and laughed away and he needs to stand trial

Check out this Woke Video - AMERICAN DAYS from @Uberguy2024 

#AmericanDays…
Trump best president ever MAGA
Love it!
Did you call your boss Putin to fill him in as well? TRAITOR!
剛剛和韓國總統月亮進行了很長時間的會談。事情進展順利，與朝鮮會面的時間和地點正在確定。還同日本首相安倍進行了談話，通知他正在進行的談判。
Did u ask either of them to give u all the credit for these talks being negotiated? We all know u want this meeting to be all about u. Are u going to send in ur nomination for the Nobel Peace Prize anonymously? We know u are so envious of PresObama receiving the Nobel prize. #Sad
They gave Trump credit, he didn't need to ask..
But he did ask, and they complied. #factsmatter
Show proof...
https://twitter.com/kbrunocrafts/status/990325188825886720?s=19 …
Good enough?
Trump asked South Korea's president to give him credit for talks with North: report http://thehill.com/policy/international/369992-trump-requested-credit-for-pushing-north-south-korea-to-talk-report …
South Korea wouldn't be even talking if it weren't for Trump. You don't want to give credit where it is due...
South Korea had to take things into their own hands because of the combative& erratic behavior exhibited by Trump on Twitter. They were afraid they would be the casualties in Trump's Twitter war with Kim Jong Un so they took the initiative to establish talks. Trump gets no credit
1st problem i have. TRUMP seem to get all the credit when apparently world war 3 was apparent. Trump stopped a dictator  fireing  missiles over another country, created peace talks? Just by tweeting. Sad thing is liberals rather  a war to blame TRUMP . GROW UP.
You are doing the most good @ POTUS
Nice to have a leader that can get things done. Obama sucked
Stay outta their business. Every thing you touch turns to shit.
Keep doing work, while the libs send childish tweets..
Hope you didn't scream & rant like you did with Faux & Friends Bully-in-Chief.
You mean they informed you. No one want's you at round table talks
He’s such a massive delusional dipshite
Negotiations that you have nothing to do with because you are a loser and a weak leader.

Bot
C'mon. You can say it. Trump is winning. #MAGA
Stormy Daniels is winning! 
Now that's funny. Let's see. 
Russian collusion - Fail
Obstruction - Fail
Now stormy - FAIL.
Liberal deflection always comes back to bite themselves in the ass.
Infidelity by a president was best perpetrated by Democrats while IN OFFICE by Clinton and JFK. #MAGA #Winning
Best president ever. As his accomplishments are bearing out. All the things Obama couldn't accomplish and failed at. #MAGA is getting last laugh and are enjoying every second of it and will be for 6½ more years. Triggering crybaby liberals is spectacular 
I am so proud of Moon for all of the work he has done on negotiations and peace talks and keeping a calm and rational mind. All while an American baboon takes credit.
The only reason why Kim and Moon are meeting is that both of them have realized that POTUS Trump is the match that will set off the powder keg in Korea.  The time has come for them to unify.  If Trump wants #AmericaFirst, then Yankee, go home.
You cannot have a long  and good conversation! We all witnessed that at Fox

Swamp is deep Be careful Mr President we worry about your safety 24-7 #MAGA 
So is all of asia gonna fix\link up.. Or just china,S & N korea?.. U kno Japan the  uppity ones..lol.. My opinion


Did you use your unsecured cell phone?
Kim deserves Nobel prize of peace. Make North Korea Great Again.

Thanks for doing a great job for our Country!!!
MALDITO
Congratulations on your future Nobel Peace Prize Mr. President.
You have made a bad student in the Korean Peninsula rehabilitated. How did you correct the bad student on the Korean Peninsula?
#KoreaSummit
As our so wise prezidunce always says “Either it will work or it won’t. Time will tell”.  Brilliant words from America’s dumbest primate.
Ok keep me posted. I am not available Wednesday though.
Thank you Pres Trump!!! About time this mess was sorted

Kim Jong-un will cheat on any agreement. Kim Jong-un has killed his own family members, & he killed one American hostage & is holding 3 Americans & I have not heard you say a word about them no face to face talks with the North Till they are freed. You are being played.
YOU don't get credit for ANY of this! As a matter of fact the best thing you could do is stay out of it! Wishful thinking on my part.
No substance. No time frame. Better talk to Xi, considering that you have been in business with China for decades. Well, they bail you out.
Possibly. If the translator can understand DJT's dribble
Its pretty funny how you’re trying to make it look like you’re doing work here.
It's so mad that things have gotten do serious that China had no choice but to force Kim to talk with the Donald, bet they wish they had started this during Obama term. Safer and less lightly under Obama to have its detail transmitted via Fox and friends or twitter
I think they all know they can’t trust Trump.
True but don't think China had any choice, I mean the Donald was calling him rocket man, so they probably figured both leaders are nuts so in the interest of world safety best try and get the two talking, terrified of the out come but doing nothing would be a bigger risk.
Very likely.
Wow a conversation between two mentally incompetent leftists. You guys are so cute when you try to talk like real adults.
MikeyDouche, @POTUS happens to be doing an awesome job. As far as goose stepping you little fascists on the left are much better at then anyone on the right could ever be If you you were worth the time I would educate you but you have little brains and just wouldn't understand
You don't have anything to do with those http://talks.You  were busy screaming Fire and Fury and calling him Little Rocket Man
The funny thing Is O 45 claims his rants brought results most importantly evevn the press believes this. In reality the South Korean president has been a strong supporter and vocal about his intention on diplomacy and peace with his neighbour.
Yep...
goes with their jock strap LOL
LOL!  

President Trump did more than Obama in a year than he did in 8 years... Obama double are debt... Bush made dept also but now all of that shit is on Trumps shoulders... Trump has so much money he wouldn't have to do nothing but he cares about America make great again... President
Just had a long and very good talk with President putin. Things are not going so well, time and location of another meeting with russia is being set. Also spoke to putin to inform him of the ongoing (cohen is throwing me under the bus for less prison time) negotiations.
Good one Donny boy. Keep em guessing. Putin’s awesome so is NK leader. And China. All of us sheep can’t wait till you can be #presidentshitforbrains forever
Grab ‘em by the pudding! #LockHimUp #PussyGrabber #AssaulterInChief #magaisformorons #MoronInChief #TheResistance #Resist #BlueWave2018 #BlueWave2018 #VoteThemOut #MeToo #MuellerTime
You should have never become president
Why because he's doing a phenomenal job!  Your so used to the last 8 years of the miserable administration of Obama that's what you want to go back to?

#TrumpRussia
This is true progress indeed, Mr President. I just shake my head at the leftists that will refuse to give you any credit for this historic moment.
It’s a trap. I mean... enjoy.
I think maybe Kim will try to poison Trump's food or drink LOL
CON ARTIST! You are not calling the shots in any of this! North Korea, South Korea. China and Japan are calling the shots — and uniting thanks to your vulgar, bigoted arrogance! RESIGN!


You made poopy in the potty??  OMG Good Boy!! Good Boy, Donny!!!!!  OMG OMG OMG YOU ARE SUCH A GOOD BOY, DONNY!!!!!!! 

Awesome job Mr. President! Thank you for making possible what everyone before you said was impossible! You are one of the greats! The first since Ronald Reagan who deserves the title "Leader of the Free World" because YOU are a LEADER & YOU are making it happen! Love & Respect!
Awesome job? Rubbish. One of the greats BS.
You’re not capable of paying attention long enough for even a short conversation. So, we assume this is yet ANOTHER LIE BY THE CRIMINAL in the WH

How’s your good friend puttin.  When’s the last time u spoke with him?
I hope Dr. Candy Man gives you some valium before you meet with Kim Jong-un. He might want to slip some valium in Kim Jong-un's drink as well.
Great. Another opportunity for you to embarrass America, this time on the international stage.
I do hope there is a transcript and that you had some input before making these calls.  You seem to have problems understanding protocol and other cultures.  #25thAmendment
Love you man
You have NOTHING to do with what’s happening with the peace process between North and South Korea. 
you are so inept. i know you will take credit if anything positive happens so this is a pre-emptive FUCK YOU.
Hopefully you will get to visit his collapsed nuclear site to evaluate the radiation
Seems like they are doing well without you trying to start another war for profit lol last month you were pushing ww3 n building up missiles on the dmz, The reason there have been peace talks is because you weren't invited lol don't break your arm patting yourself on the back
You should be a daily vlogger, all you do is tweet about what you do each day, so why not vlog?
Im surprised he doesn't have a reality show already
You do know that just because you keep trying to insert yourself via @Twitter that you have had ZERO to do with what is happening with South Korea and North Korea...right?   China and Japan have done FAR more than tweet
@co_rapunzel4 @cherokeesher2 @CitizensFedUp @amazinmikey @Mooncatadams @zeitgeistbabe @LCNM99 @MtnMD #WomensHealth #IRS #FBI #Veterans #Law #NoBallsDonnie

First Month
in OUR Stolen White House
Traitor Donnie INVITED Russians & Blocked Out US Media
https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/27/politics/russians-trump-team-magnitsky-act/index.html …
Taking credit for PEACE in NK WHILE creating WAR in AMERICA?  better check your attacks on the free press,Millions of Americans believe the press is “the enemy of the people.” You’ve convinced them not to trust sources of facts,which removes accountability,check & balances.
Like anyone needs YOU, trump, to inform them of anything!  Thanks for the laugh!
Thank you for caring enough for the American people to actually talk to us like we have a stake in everything that you do!! Never has a President in my lifetime ever treated the people like we matter!! That you so much Mr. President!! #MAGA #KAG Love to you!! 
Thank you POTUS Trump


#TrumpConspiredWithRussia #TrumpCoward #TrumpRussia #TrumpTowerTreason
Read the full comment here from a South Korean: "Koreans are now huge fans of Mr. Trump"

https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/8fk59n/koreans_are_now_huge_fans_of_mr_trump_im_korean/ …
Did they give you a big boy job to do? Isn’t that cute...
Did you tell him how you’re taking credit for his efforts?
good job
You have the same involvement in Korean peace talks that you had in fighting the war in Vietnam... none. Stop pretending.

If you want to be involved with important historic talks, stop stalling and go talk to Bob Mueller, Fatboy.
Just stop wasting our money on these stupid trips..
they can handle their relationships...you can't even handle yours with melania
REP LIEU RELEASES LETTER FROM FORMER DEPUTY COMMANDER OF US FORCES KOREA ON HIS ASSESSMENT OF WAR WITH NORTH KOREA
When will you next have a temper tantrum and call another world leader childish baby names? 

I’m sure it won’t be long.
Say what you want but Trump has done more for world peace and denuclearization than the last 4 presidents combined.  His rhetoric may seem crass at times but it’s effective.  Plus he backs it up with action. Unlike his predecessors.
Lol. No.
I do think his instability may have been factor in Asia realizing they need to come together. Unintended consequences of having a madman as a leader, perhaps. 

I’m just glad most of world seems to recognize Trump is an aberration not to be taken seriously. It’s a great thing.
You don’t think the world takes him seriously?  You’re crazy.  NATO countries are finally paying their share because of him. China has finally put pressure on NK because they know we have a leader that will back up his rhetoric.  Respect is different than being liked.
No. Luckily for all of us, no one takes Trump very seriously.
I hope Kim and his entourage are not getting an all expense paid vacation to a Trump property courtesy of the US Taxpayer. @madasednam
Trump will be first to build a grand hotel in North Korea. That’s his game. Partners with Kim Jung Un.
Hi Butchy !


I Elect @POTUS 45 for Nobel Peace Prize! 
Have your meeting out of our country and don’t come back....ever.
What things?  How do you define "going" well, Chuckles?  Considering the facts of events this week, I don't think those words mean what you think they mean? Yeah, "facts," you remember what those are don't you? Speaking of facts, we'd like some. Release your tax returns.
and the orange Ape has nothing to do with it 


膿の安倍晋三はやはり蚊帳の外でしたか！単なる交渉経緯を伝える相手ですね（笑）
#RexSaidItBest
I believe that the North American talks for peace will be successful. President Trump is cheering.
It’s bigly yuge that your intervention paid off. All those insulting “Rocket Man” tweets gave the two leaders a common idiot they could laugh at. Together.
im korean.
i love you.
You are irrelevant to the process.  I know those are big words, but get someone to help you with them.
'inform him of the ongoing negotiations'. Don't act like you're a peace broker. You cause divide more  than anything. 'fine people on both sides'?

On your unsecured phone?

President Moon has been campaigning on ending the war in Korea for a long time. But you are very good at swooping up credit that is not yours. 
If you REALLY wanted to get the best of Obama (lol), fix Flint, Mi. Fix the DXPL that you allowed. And Puerto Rico.
Any past president could have met with the North Korean leader. Difference is they demanded something for it first. You agreed to it because you desperately need to look like you’re winning at something. You’re gonna get rolled, pops.
Funny... the kicker is Trump is GETTING something for it... like denuclearization. 

Oh... and it will drive Liberals nuts, but maybe #NobelPeacePrize
“Getting” is future tense. He has gotten nothing so far. Fact.

lol. implying he HAS policy in the first place https://scontent-ort2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/31402526_2136976809880465_1111650214671810560_n.jpg?_nc_cat=0&oh=932786a15d70b09981910e1ad92016c9&oe=5B5094B5 … all he as ever done in his LIFE is take credit for others work


President Trump is doing fantastic
The Democrats said, this is the new normal, "GDP average was about 1.5%". President Trump's GDP is over 3%.
President Trump's GDP average in 2017 was about 2.3%.
Hillary and DNC "paid Russia" to make a Dossier to be use to spy on a presidential candidate. This say it all, "corrupt Russia Collusion.
Hillary and DNC "paid Russia" to make a Dossier to be use to spy on a presidential candidate. This say it all, "corrupt Russia Collusion.
A vote for the Democratic Party is a vote against our freedoms and rights.
Peace
I nominate President Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize! If ANYONE EVER deserved this kind of recognition it is the 45th President of the United States of America! Thank you Mr. President for taking all these slings and arrows for the USA & the World! We LOVE YOU!!! #MAGA
FYI they ALL think you are a DOTARD.
I hope get peace between North and South Korea
If you really think North Korea is going listen to the ramblings of a #DOTARD #WAKEUP Kim is savvy he is aligning himself with countries that can help him you’ve alienated yourself from strong allies - we’re #doomed if we continue to turn a blind eye to this mans idiocy!
Took screenshots, just for fun this time.

President Trump, the United States must make human rights the priority in any talks with North Korea. You should ask for the release of all political prisoners and abductees and that the International Red Cross have access to the political prison camps.
Kim is playing rope-a-dope with you and he doesn’t need the rope. 
#fuckingmoron
Remember? Susan Rice: US can 'tolerate' N. Korean nukes http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/346050-susan-rice-us-can-tolerate-n-korean-nukes …
Thank you, Mr. President! 
Told everybody a cloud would come down on North Korea & to sing peace & God's Love before you 2 went barking at each other. Noone believed me just like they didn't when I said you'd win Big! They fear 4 I also said what would happen to the USA since Marcus Penn was murdered here.

ルーズベルトの時、アメリカの体系が変わり、死の商人が、アメリカを支配しました。

トランプ大統領は、アメリカを元に戻そうとしています。
感謝します。ありがとう！
tRump is definitely losing his mind.
He knows it and every mentally stable human being knows it too.
THANK-YOU to the prez & his administration for volunteering to make PEACE & prosperity available to& for all. #Trump  & sorry for the few ungrateful, haters.   Your rallies showed/ show the truth.
Thank you for informing us. This fake news won't mention anything..unless its false
Be careful Mr.President i still don't trust Kim
Hey another one of your Trump Towers is on fire
ThanQ @POTUS for #MAGA & #KAG I support you 1000% Proud  you are my @POTUS

Don’t even! Dude, Kim hates you so fucking much, he literally worked out a deal with his greatest enemy before ever talking to you just to spite you. That’s why he “agreed” to meet you, dumbass...YOU GOT BOOZLED
Psalm 24:100 try not to fuck this up, dude. You have a serious responsibility for our country. -Jesus

Your determination is more than a peace champion in world peace
I accept that you are indeed a peace missionary.
Thank you. Donald J.Trump.
It’s nice the Koreans tore down their wall on their own.
Outstanding job moving peace forward, Mr. President!
Kitty  grabber-n-chief,I hope Moon or Abe get the Nobel Peace prize.They have really worked hard at making this meeting happen before you try dumbing it down so you understand what's happening.
In other words, they do all the work while you go golfing? A couple of 3-minute phone calls from the  5th hole and childish tweets isn't negotiating a treaty!
You can't use the bone spur excuse so what will the reason be that your staff uses to keep you from screwing up the meet?
Great news Mr Trump. Hope all go well so that the real peace can be settled in Korean Peninsula. Well done and thanks to your tireless effort.
POTUS tweets "very good talk with President Moon of South Korea". Isn't it an amazing coincidence ... President Moon of South Korea ... and President Moonbeam of the U.S.
ThankYOU, Mr. President
The Master of Art of the deal 
WTG Mr President. 
This is a REAL NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WINNER -
I hope everything goes smooth...
Shut the fuck up. For the safety of the world and my sanity. Please.
No Apology Tours for OUR President!

Extreme Negotiation and building relationships with other World leaders!

.@realDonaldTrump was the #Impetus and catalyst for meetings that foreshadow World Peace! Saving our Western Civilization.
Looks like President Moon and Little Rocket Man can handle the peace process by themselves and DO NOT NEED YOU TO F*CK IT UP!
You are getting played, moron in chief. #trumpisunfitforoffice
Just get the hell out of the White House
Thank you President Trump. The dems are bug-eyed trying to spin this as bad!
Trying to muscle in on the progress happening between North and South Korea the world is watching you try and take credit for all of it and everyone knows better.
You mean you ate three cheeseburgers and yelled at the television right?!
I don't believe the PM of Japan needs YOU to inform him of the negotiations. 

Jesus, is there ANYTHING you won't try to attach yourself to or take credit for?

Oh yeah, paying off porn stars and meeting with Russian operatives.
Spanky McBoneSpurs, Did you take credit for everything? You did not one single thing in this process except run your big bully mouth. You got lucky when Rocket Man’s nuke testing facility caved in. As soon as he builds another one we are back to business as usual. Treason weasel
President, the Luciferians are paid to bring in the Islamic caliphate & antichrist. He is in hiding & INSTRUCTING them.Pray
Good Deal, You are a Smart Man. Everyone needs to Sit Back, Watch & Learn how to Run a Country instead of Running Their Mouths.
It's probably more like Moon called you to let you know how things are going since he's handling it all.
Keep moving us forward to Korean peace, and could you deal with Iran next.... please.  Have a great evening in Michigan, our former home.  Great people with energy to move MAGA forward.
Did you make doody? Better do that before your tee time.


Terrorist Money Exchange Secrets revealed in iran transaction of barrels full of money, gold bars stacked on pallets, Bags stuffed with American Taxpayer Cash, @BillHemmer Kick's holes through excuses of obama…
Thank goodness for President Moon doing the negotiating. Your bigger button comments and calling North Korea's leader short and fat was a threat to them as well.
Most excellent @POTUS  ... Thank you.



You didn’t need to speak to Abe “to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.” HE actually reads his daily security briefings. Please don’t assume other world leaders are as clueless as you are about world affairs.
Cohen gonna flip
Hermanos

Donald Trump. Kim Jong Un. Moon Jae In
Vladimir Putin. Xi Jinping. Shinzo Abe Papa Francisco. Dalai Lama
Antonío Guterres. Los 193 Estados Miembros de la ONU y Millones de Seres Humanos

Dios logró llenar de Luz, Amor y Paz
El Alma de Corea
2 Países Hermanos
Bendiciones
I will keep reposting them.
Is anyone actually buying this shit? Kim, after years of following his family legacy, in the space of a week has agreed to denuclearisation?!
More positive news!
Here at home:
#DrainTheSwamp
#EliminateSES
#DrainTheDeepState
#BOAdministrationAreTraitors
#AwanSpiesInGovernment
#MuslimBrotherhoodInGovernment
#WarsForProfit
#ElectionFraud
#ReleaseTheTexts[Unredacted]
#33000Emails
#ReleaseTheVideo
#LockThemUp
#QAnon
#MAGA
#LoveThisPOTUS 
WOW THE ART OF THE DEAL IN ACTION
good to go

Why don't you keep your fat mouth closed over this Korean issue. They are cooperating with each other without any interference from you and you don't get credit , or was that an ego thing?
You, doofas.  Neither SK nor Japan appear to need your help.  I have a feeling you're going to stomp your little feet and demand total denuclearization, which NK won't do, and there's nothing you can do about it.  China is holding the strings here, not you.
Thanks for the update. Keep me posted.
