February 2012 “North Korea agrees to stop nuclear tests” AGAIN
Obama screwed up.
Kim Jong-en will laugh at those who are deceived by the sweet word of denuclearization
We must have missed the part where it was in any way, due to anything you have done. Bc it’s not
Yes you mist it, most fake news repeaters mist it. They are all to busy making shit up.
Maybe you need to learn to read
@Carolegreenberg stop sharing content from fake news sites. It’ll rot your brain.
your silence on atrocities committed against the people of #Biafra by #Nigeria Govt is inhuman, unfair, undemocratic
Great job.
You’re a fool..
Thank you.  Keep keeping it real Mr. President.
Thank you 
North Korea althoug is an communist society country , but China PRC is the most evil country in fact, hope usa can do your justice for punish this red evil
But at what price? Kim Jong may want the moon?
He only knows
DPRK의 김정은이가 미국주도의 강력한 UN제제로 인해 쌀도 없고, 약도 없고, 기름도 없고, 미사일도 못쏘고, 핵실험도 못하고 해서 미북정상회담 명분 만들기와 돈을 뜯기 위해 KOR 땅으로 기어 내려 온 것이다.
A new era of peace hopefully will not bring disaster to other areas like taiwan wc is 10X more sensitive to wrong moves or calculation by the stupid taiwanese president .
 You my friend  deserve  the  PEACE PRIZE    and no one else We love you, God bless.
So is he going to open a nuclear test site on the south side?
Yeah...because THIS happened. Nothing to do with you or your teeny weeny.

I'm not comforted at the prospect of two Psychopaths with Nuclear weapons meeting to discuss the end of nuclear testing.
My president is making the world great again
You are the greatest ever President. We need more of you in our today's world. We pray for you @POTUS to succeed for all of us, humans.
DPRK의 김정은이는 지금, 미국 트럼프 주도의 강력한 UN제제로 인해 쌀도 없고, 약도 없고, 기름도 없고, 미사일도 못쏘고, 핵실험도 못하고 있다. 그래서 미북정상회담용 구실 만들기와 돈을 뜯어내기 위해 KOR 땅으로 내려 온 것이다. 맞죠?
You mean the test site in the mountain that collapsed?
DO NOT BE FOOLED Mr; President for an EVIL man has the blessings of Evil http://its-self.No  man of such ILL-REPUTE for so long is a person to suddenly change attitude but for gain of relief of pain about to come upon his complete existence.His Military is about to COUP.
How many nuclear test sites do they have? They "vowed to suspend nuclear tests?" What about actual nuclear strikes?
Progress? This will effect multiple countires such as China. China has been a dependent of North Korea and this will ultimately change relations. However, I hope that this will end tense ties within nations such as the war between the North and South.

Another lie # donaldtheclown
You are the World’s Hero @realDonaldTrump 
This is fantastic wishing for peace on the Korean peninsula. They are great people hard working and deserve unity
Trust but verify   Only God knows what is really in his heart
Não PAREM COM A TERCEIRA GUERRA MUNDIAL PLS
[사설] 트럼프 ˝핵무기 없애는 게 비핵화˝, 뺄 것도 보탤 것도 없다
Admit it Donne. You have NO clue why they really stopped with the program. LOL. Even I am better informed than you. Maybe I should go for presidency (I am sure I can't do a worse job than you do) :-)
I doubt you’re more informed...
Trump is getting played. Xi and Putin have more influence with Kim Jong Un. Plus, Kim Jong Un already broke his nuclear test site. He's just playing this for all it's worth.

Geologists say N. Korea's nuclear test site likely collapsed

Ridiculous, not even in your dreams.
You left out -According 2 Chinese seismologists, led by researchers at University of Science/Technology of China in Hefei, cavity inside Mount Mantap collapsed after Pyongyang detonated its most powerful thermonuclear warhead in a tunnel about 2,300 feet under the mountain’s peak
what makes you so sure he is not bluffing in the same way you do. I understand, because you are Narcissist, nothing matters but you.
Wow
“북한 평화협정 목표는 미한동맹 종식” https://youtu.be/_15pMKnezk8  via @YouTube
They had no choice you turd burger. The mountain collapsed.

AMEN AN AMEN  YOUR THE BEST PREZ EVER AS FAR .@realDonaldTrump  N BEST BUSINESSMAN NEGOTIATOR
You #fuckingmoron Heres WHY ...
And we’re supposed to believe you?
C'mon.  You can't be THAT dumb.

Thank you Mr. President for your strength and your focus
And I have some magic beans to trade you 
Those are the only beans you have.
I hear the Easter Bunny is marrying The Tooth Fairy and they're moving to Never Never Land to raise unicorns so he  selling the Brooklyn Bridge. Would you like to buy it?
He had to.  He was causing earthquakes in that area.  Trump wants to take credit when really the earthquakes get the credit
Good job on protecting our country President Trump don’t listen to haters your doing stuff that they couldn’t do.

Trust but verify!
I think He ran out of Money to Play with Missiles.
That’s why! It has nothing to do with You, you FOOL! Unless you morphed your bloated self into seismic activity...
Holy shit cool! Good job.
I feel like we're watching history as our President is batting 1000 in an epic game of Whack-a-mole with one arm behind his back!

1 MORE THING.

LOCK HER UP!
built, tested and kept ready. NK has to destroy wat it has built..
سيصبح رئيس كوريا بطلا عالميا لانه جعلك تركع له
best thing ever done appreciate
Congratulations @realDonaldTrump you’ve successfully brought about the end of a nuclear program that many of your predecessors attempted and FAILED. #MAGA #GodBlessAmerica #TRUMP2020
Lies
No need further nuclear test and ICBM test because his mission is over to deploy the nuclear weapon capable of reaching the home land .
The world is precious
@Farage and @POTUS are a lot like George Washington...

So, now Little Rocket-man gets a taste of #Mattis #Nuclearexit! 
i just want to say that no one, and I mean no one, (esp. some HS kid) is taking my guns! EVER. #2AShallNotBeInfringed and #America will fight for that #right! @NancyPelosi and her ilk want our guns so that we'll be unable to hold off a tyrannous govt (like SHE is part of)! 
#MAGA
Proud of you you big orange shitpost god
#ItTookATrump 

Or he has reached his goal...
Because they have what they need now!
Okay let's all not try to laugh at once president Trump will also stop tweeting as well
Did you forget that Kim Jong Un tortures an American student?

Now we really know Trump is delusional called leader of North Korea HONORABLE  after killing an American recently holding American prisoners killing his own people and his brother. Trump you are disgusting not a leader
Proceed w caution as I’m sure you will Mr President Little Rocket Man is an untrustworthy “vicious snake”
If they quit the tests, it means that they no longer need them.  This is not a victory.
I bet he wants us out of Korea then he will try and take over the south. Do not trust him.  He has bigger hands than you
#POTUS #realDonaldTrump 
Global #denuclearization is a step in the right direction given advanced modern nuclear arsenals can potentially lead to complete annihilation of the human race #Leadership: #Peace is Worth Fighting For
TRUMP LIED AGAIN. APRIL 24/2018..in the news Kim Jong Un.
Has no intention of doing away with his nuclear missiles..stated.." they will remain for generations to come". 4 days ago Trump is saying progress for all..what a LIAR. Just saying shit to keep himself in the media. POS.
Thank you 


Lying Donnie with more. They will not "Shut Down" a site. It was destroyed by their last underground test. Just keep lying Donnie. I know you are hoping the naive people in this country will believe you. I think that number is slowly shrinking.
How’s it shrinking when his popularity grew? 
Who told you his popularity grew? Donnie. If you follow him everyday it is hard for me to believe anyone is satisfied with this guy. How could anyone tell me they would let him be around their children.
Thank God.  We love you Mr. President. Amazing you give away your salary and are always working.  Why can't most of Congress and the Senate copy your example. It makes a difference when we love the Lord! :)
Feed the people in North Korea
They've done this before only to reverse it later. I hope you get something concrete but please don't be fooled and be aware of their duplicity. Also better to keep this all quiet until you get a final agreement (then take what will be deserved credit). Don't let them play you.
北 '풍계리 폐기' 선언 직후 또 지진…정부는 "지금도 사용 가능"
Major disaster IMMINENT? Earthquake rocks North Korea's 'unstable' nuclear test site
Five-time draft dodger SleazyDon will march out military troops firing Macron visit. 

SleazyDon working to undo non military budget.
They are afraid that you may blow their nuclear facility as you did with Syria. Lol
How can ANYONE  not love this. NK has been an EXTREME threat to the US for decades. And now there could be peace. THIS IS GREAT NEWS. THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT.  GREAT JOB. #MAGA
Well they already know how far their missiles go but they haven't said s*** about dismantling them or denuclearization
Do u wanna play fortnite?
Nah imma play PUBG test server
Rocketman can,t be trusted...
Mr.president，you should vary familiar with north korea tricks，promise by dictator http://useless.it  was a trick
SURE... THEY NEED THE PHOTO OP AND THEY ALREADY TESTED ALL THEIR NUKES THAT THEY WILL BE KEEPING- WHICH IS ALL OF THEM.
But not denuclearize.
Mensaje de Kim Jong Un: «Corea del Norte detendrá las pruebas nucleares y los lanzamientos de misiles balísticos intercontinentales».
También clausurará un centro de pruebas nucleares dentro del compromiso de suspender los ensayos nucleares. ¡Avances para todos! #TrumpEnEspañol
You are a few deals with Vlady away from NK disarmament, unless the fix was in from long ago.
Yea, but not giving up their ace in the hole(nukes) baby!!
Get a life
Yes, & it was #KimJongUn who was the 1st 2 Bhave like a grown up & de-escalate the conflict ON HIS OWN initiative. It has nothing to do with anything U did or said. U, in fact, R a problem & threat 2 our #NationalSecurity & 2 all the NATO countries who have Njoyed peace UNTIL U!
Wowing you must be running Low... Ask puttie Putin for More you are good for it.

So Sad Love
Showing how incompetent Obama was again just a year and a half putting  Korea in their place.. God bless you President Trump
You’re a amazing President!!
Four words Thank you Mr. President!
@Epluribusunimus  KEEP YOUR GUARD UP. He thinks it's a game an can out play you. He will hide them well
Hi Mr.trump. It is too early to say that Sanction against N.Korea works. Whenever Dictator Kim announces something, there always was a TRICK behind his announcement. Please watch out!!!!!!!!! - Trump supporter
Watch out for their deceiving schemes they are experts in the art of deception. Wonder who is coaching NKorea on saying all the right things. Wondering if it's an honest change of heart or $$ induced change and by who??
The last dictator that did such a thing ended up dead at the hands of the @BarackObama administration.  Let's hope if NK's leader is sincere with his claims that he doesn't end up like Libya's former leader.
Bc Un doesn’t need to do further testing, he has what he needs and he is making you believe you actually accomplished something. My god it’s so easy to make you look stupid.
There will be another side to this
Ok good
Ok gòo
Haha they want play game, don't think only Inside the cycle


There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
Good progress ,awesome

Donald Trump praised an armed man he and the @NRA said stopped more deaths in Sutherland Springs (after 26 were killed), but has said nothing about James Shaw. https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/nov/7/donald-trump-says-hero-gun-prevented-hundreds-more/ …
I pray North Korea is not bluffing.
@chucktodd @jaketapper   Most people don't know that test site collapsed after last and biggest test and CAN'T be used again. They are saving cost of a new one.
Speaks volumes when compared to Iran. I have to admit, I was worried about N. Korea.
“Trump hasn’t done anything”
1. What the hell does that mean?!
2. I’m white.
double faced and double minded comes to mind? trust is not given, its earned, he aint, he just gripping his teeth, i would never trust Kim Ying yoong whats is name
https://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/2009/press.html …
The South Korean leader deserves the praise. He extended hand of friendship before Olympics, has negotiated. While Trump and Pence insulted and shunned.
they're not testing them, because they don't need to anymore....everything works idiot !
Thank you sir
Right. Dictators never lie...
What you have accomplished Mr. President in one year with all the adversity that you have had to face is beyond extraordinary.
Yes we heard about it on CNN.
Of course he stopping tests... because he's already perfected his program and none of that is needed now. DUH!
I doubt they perfected their program, one of their most recent tests backfired and killed like 100 people.

North Korea says that they’ve now completed their nuclear tests and no longer will be testing and now agrees that nuclear testing should be stopped worldwide and everyone praises it....but did they not hear that they’ve "completed" it and they now wanna stop it so that everyone
else can’t really test till they feel as if they’re ready or that they’re completed....hm i don’t know but that doesn’t sound right to me....
It's really amazing who you take on their word, and who you claim is lying. Foreign dictators: "I believe you". Americans who have dedicated their lives to our country: "liars"  Pathetic and disheartening we have to put up with this.
Amazing how gullible Trump is. Shocking actually.
That's because he now has a working nuclear bomb you idiot.
Why continue to test something you know works?
The entire point of their nuclear program was to level the playing field, get the US and the world to treat them as an equal.

You'd have to be an idiot not to realize this.
Do not trust it much, it might be another hazard to have particular attentions!!

Cost of illegal immigration to U.S. taxpayers is both staggering and crippling. In 2013, FAIR estimated the total cost to be approximately $113 billion. So, in under four years, the cost has risen nearly $3 billon.
25 billon for a wall is a great investment.
We need north Korea border to load up with anti missile and missile launch sites..enough for me. Kim to understand any nonsense will mean obliteration for north Korea..gone... To threaten all you want..but reality is reality
LYING FUUUUUCK.
Although it's good news that North Korea suspends nuclear and missile tests, President needs to be calm and prudent when negotiating with Kim. Hope for your successful meeting with Kim to deliver really good news for the world as well as for the US, South Korea and Japan.
Congratulations Mr.President
Idiot, they no longer need to test them. They already have a device and a vehicle, they no longer need to use precious resources to get what they want. Trump is doing it for them. #TrumpIsAMoron
Bullsh$t
Be careful, this may be a trap.
It's a trap! *explosion*
Boom
The world more sure ok
Your falling for rocket mans tricks. He’s playing you.  He will temporarily shut them down to get side from the US and then go back to making them. How do I know this because it’s been done before by his grandfather
yeah, but those were already in the works . . . you.are.being.played
Says nothing in there about denuclearization, Donny. They've made that promise before, and then wiped their asses with it.
I call bullshit on these claims!
I wish I trusted this.
饿7
It’s been too much for all those Santions against him, he’s hurting and Trump you brought him to his knees. I still agree you have to be weary if he’s truthful
Uh uh uh you’re lying to the stupids again.
All done to fool you.  Which it did.
"The Art of the Deal" Mr President.
Please negotiate the successful release of three Americans and one Canadian currently held by NK?
Have Investigated seriously
