Hosting sporting events is a privilege, not a right. Seriously ... not so subtly threatening other counties who might put in a rival bid? It's a global festival of football not a protection racket. That and you'll just call it soccer 
Like how most of us feel about our country! It's a privilege not a right. You earn it not deserve it just because sneak in?
To become a citizen but human right are univeral
Then why can't I just walk into any country I want and just stay?
Tracy ... google the immigration requirements for your country. It's really not just the case that folk stumble across your country during a nice stroll and decide to stay. It's pretty rigorous
Not so much bud! Try staying in Australia just because you struggled getting there.
I've never been to Australia  I can though never quite understand why people who love their country don't feel enormously proud that other people admire it so much they would like to share it with you 
When my tax dollars that I work for goes to people who disregard our laws who came here illegally and break more laws. I have a problem with that.
We're not qualified to host international sporting events as you're banning entire nations from entering the country. You're lobbying against us.
Nope just you! He's protecting my family and friends.
People in Florida had good protection when the school got shot up 
Gg trump
Your cop hid until it was over. It's all over the internet.
You mean the cop that was taking orders to stand down by the sheriff? That same sheriff who's in photos with hrc? Yeah they try to hide it but not Trumps fault he's there taking down those corrupt criminals.
This year’s World Cup is in Russia — Can’t wait to watch America dominate on Russian territory
#AmericaFirst
It’s time to slap sanctions on Mexico, NOT handouts like NAFTA
We should lift the sanctions we placed on Russia and place new sanctions on Mexico

Ladies and gentlemen this is the garbage the liberal's have on their side.  You are uneducated and you should stay off the computer because you are stooooopid.
Once again,
President Trump with all due respect please note that giving aid to countries that are in dire stress does not mean that countries must support U.S. in return. Let transparency prevail. Don't politicize football.
It's soccer...welcome
IT IS FOOTBALL!!! You play it with your foot and a ball!!!
S. O. C. C. E. R. I played kick ball in school, so it was actually football?  football  soccer
FOOTBALL.  Only Americans call it soccer.
Hi... I'm an American.
Its an open bidding process.  Why are you politicizing sports?
Isn’t it past your bed time?
Ok UN is one thing but blocking WC is a red line that should not be crossed. #fireandfury
Are you serious?! Is this a parody account?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Are you kidding me. If other countries want to bid on the World Cup so be it. If we get it awarded so be it, if not oh well. Telling countries they should support our bid is just stupid and childish. We help those countries out of compassion not so that they will do things for us
Learn to #read, “lobby against #America!” You know leaving this country that you #hate is a viable option for you.
Who says I hate this country. And why would I leave the country I enlisted to serve. You could have scrolled past if you didn't like my comment. Have a wonderful day
Thank you for your service.You will now have better health care under our @POTUS. My point is that the left = immoral American haters, that want to tear the infrastructure down from the inside out. #PaidProtests #Corruption the #Aethism religion. If you are w/them = that. #MAGA
Well that requires someone with knowledge to run the VA. And stop painting the left with a broad brush. Both sides have an agenda. Not all liberals are atheists. And atheists are not shoving their lack of beliefs down your throat
Oh, so you’re #Millineal military. No training under #Obama. I know plenty about the VA and healthcare. And yes, #Christians are persecuted by #Aethists,now I don’t believe you. You hate your country, just like your party does.Keep living in that bubble, and underachieving. #MAGA
And since when does it matter when a Vet served, under which CiC they served under. I know plenty who served under Obama and served proudly.
#BlackOps. Why so many accidents under the president that threw up his skirt to every world leader, half of which are which are #Millennial like yourself... #Yikes

Bot
Ass
Idiot
Jerk
Because you don't care about football lol. Still a better option than Qatar though
No la apoyes y listo. Bye

This tweet alone will lose the bid for everyone
Unbelievable! God Bless 
Waaaahhwaahhawahhwa waah
Oh, my God. SHUT UP. WILL YOU PLEASE, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD...SHUT. UP. Just close your mouth. Close it. Count to ten. Keep counting.
Threatening countries like Morocco makes you look like the fool you are. I hope they give it to a country who deserves it. After this tweet it’s evident that we don’t  and shouldn’t get it till you are out of office.
Trump is lobbing against America ...?
Amen

Trump Russia Collusion 
Trump Russia Collusion
Trump Russia Collusion 
Plus
OBSTRUCTION
At least he voted for himself, legally!
You are depised for how you've treated Americans. For how you have lied every single day. For your "executive time" when you should be working. And then there's golf. For how you want to strip all of our progress away bc you're a narcissistic racist piece of crap.


Russia and Qatar being awarded the World Cup on alleged bribes sums up FIFA organisations . Even without Blatter, I very much doubt they have changed their ways.

Why would you even think Mexico will be part of your plans? Fat arrogant ass... Shove your bid up there...
Another impotent issue by the potus
Wut
#MAGA
True and that is what DC fears

What?? Threatening other countries over our political influence with them because you want the U.S. to win the Olympics? Do you NOT realize they do NOT go hand in hand? What a f@#&*ng fool!!! #LiarInChief #DelusionalWhiteHouse
I don't think anyone whines more than you do.
Drain the Swamp
Good luck hosting Morocco. 2nd world cup in Africa, about time.

Here at the Columbia Bugle we would like to wish a very Happy Birthday to our superbly talented and lovely @FLOTUS!…
What did tRAiTor tRump buy for his wife? He was "too busy" to get her something! Too busy visiting Stormy again?
Your country is shit at football anyway
It would be a shame if you tweeted something stupid containing a veiled threat to countries that didn't support a NORTH AMERICAN bid, effectively breaking FIFA's ethics restrictions regarding government entities creating undue influence on the bidding process.

Be quiet. You talk too much.

Wow. You never stop whining.
Whoa there, D! (@realDonaldTrump) Canada #ALWAYS #supported the #USA until #YOU #launched #attacks on all things #GOOD. What's your #Beef with @Canada, anyway?? And #UnitedNations?! #CanuckInLA #ExtraordinaryIndividual (O-1 Visa/EB-1) #peacefulnation  @JustinTrudeau @CTVNews
.BEST INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK ever! YET! LORDY, THERE ARE PHONES ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Wait until its Comey, Hillary Clinton, Yates and McCabe. 
Yeah!  Cause 8 years of House, FBI, and other investigations found soooo much on Clinton didn't they? Anytime now, right?
FYI, evidence shows Yates was fired because she didn't pledge loyalty, just like Comey.  You've been conned.
Eight years of criminality, weaponizing the FBI and DOJ. The fix was in from Clinton, Obama, Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, Ohr, Priestap, Brennan, Holder, Blumenthal, Rice, Yates, Clapper, Farkas, DWS, Awan Brothers, etc. The list goes on and on.
Oh please.  You're completely off the rails with conspiracy theories.  6 years of house rule, 1.5 years of all branches of government, 8 years of investigations.  Nothing.. Nothing at all. Quit wasting my time.

Natalia Veselnitskaya was cleared into the United States by Attorney General Loretta Lynch's United States Department of Justice under "extraordinary circumstances" before going on a lobbying campaign for the Magnitsky Act.…
As I said.  Completely off the rails.
....yes..Obama/Clinton/Lynch met russians in Trump tower to conspire against the democrats. ha ha ha ha ha ha then they went back in time to force Trump to do miss universe in russia 2013, go bankrupt and take loans from russians...Genius!
make your country great in football first
Call it football first
Awws do you have your panties all up in a bunch yet over not being invited to the royal wedding next month in England? The world hates you, have you gotten the hint yet?
Now....you're sounding EXACTLY like some second rate mob boss, threatening extortion.
He is a mob boss
@FIFA If you do ONE good thing this year, award the cup to Morocco. Make this orange buffoon pull all of his hair out.
 lets go morocco! 

Trump is the best President in the world, he is a pragmatic leader. President  for life.
Oh look, the rednecks have found a new word.


They were anti-Semitic Trump is pro Israel.
It wont matter Donny. By 2026 you should in effect be starting your 6th year in Rikers
For what?! Hurting your feelings!
Just because fox doesn't give you the facts, or any kind of truth what so ever. It doesn't mean you can push your ignorance onto us.

Watch some real news. @CNN, @MSNBC , Anything! but that state run propaganda channel. Please broaden your knowledge & climb out that bubble honey.
It's called good sportsmanship! It's done to get venues for the Olympics 
& all kinds of different things around the world. You want to go back to dissing Canada & Mexico because you know you messed up when it came to NAFTA. You are the worst thing that ever happened to the USA.
That’s the million dollars question that no one seems to have an answer for.
Mr President
   
  Politics is not allowed to interfere in the world of football
  America is fighting some Arab countries in the name of democracy
   you threaten everyone who disagrees with you in the opinion ?
  The concept of democracy please ?

tit
Stay away from soccer. You have no place talking about the greatest sport in the world
It’s football
I was going to say football, but he wouldn't know what I was talking about
Fair
Why are you ruining soccer too HAVE WE NOT LOST ENOUGH
At least he hates football and mess it up!
There really isn't one damn thing you can do ethically, is there?
lol you are ridiculous just leave. Leave the WH. Leave the country. Your kind isn’t wanted here.
USA for World cup 2026
No man is time morocco
I love Morocco!! Great Country, good people. Hugs from Brazil .
Morocco was the first nation, in 1777, to recognize the fledgling United States as an independent nation. In the beginning of the American Revolution, American merchant ships were subject to attack by the Barbary Pirates while sailing the Atlantic Ocean. At this time,
Послушайте, Уважаемый Дональд! Я живу в России, Сибирь, Барнаул. Почему Вы такой агрессивный! Что случилось с миром! Оскорбляете все и что-то декларируете... Я уверен вы не такой в быту - вечно воюющий! Так какого хрена на на мир ополчились (не путайте с пропагандой. пожалуйста)!
米国为了和加拿大以及墨西哥一起承办2026年世界杯做了强有力的竞投。如果我们一直援助的国家恩将仇报阻拦我们成功竞投，那将是一桩耻辱！为什么我们要援助这些不支持我们的国家(包括在联合国)?
注:米国申办2026年世界杯，加拿大和墨西哥中途加入，三国组队与北非国家摩纳哥竞投主办权。摩纳哥是中国的
加注:黑人亲中是共识。摩是对中免签最早的国家之一，等等，一句话摩乃中国的小跟班。又因为竞投的投票权是一国一票，无论其他，所以中国稍微操纵一下，就像在联合国一样把米加墨联队挤出去是分分钟的事情。就是又浪费了一次世界杯。上次南非那场，据说英国早买好买了双程机票，都还没有踢开就打道回府
You don't even know the rules of football and you want to host the world cup 
FIFA won’t tolerate this crap. You can’t threaten other countries. Bullying is wrong!
With each passing day, I love you more & more.
  #GodBlessPresidentTrump  
Man act like president !!!! Not mafia boss
Hahaha .. i wish you lose because you will not grant us visas to come cheer our national teams in your country.. simple as that
Changing your feeble mind, again, about the United Nations? I've listened to your crazy crap in NYC for years about how much you hate it. *sad*
This is equivalent to a 1st grader saying that he won’t share his cookies, unless the other kids let him win at Dodgeball.
Maybe you should familiarize yourself with the ethics rules about lobbying for the World Cup. Actually, you should look up the definition of ethics.
Your an idiot

Dotard stepped in the poo poo again today with this tweet.  How f*cking embarrassing can you yet?
AWESOME!!  Yep, enough of us Americans just laying down and rolling over!!
"Make America Great Again" President (a few months later): 

We want to laugh/cry/jump/run/sleep/walk,Why should we be supporting these people when they don’t support us?

#Poor_dictators
#Saddam #Gaddafi ...
Amen!  You are so right Mr. President!  Don't let these nasty countries take advantage of the USA any more! #AmericaFirst
The same Mexico you want to build a wall against?
Viva maroooooooc
I do agree with much that you do but I don’t think we should politicize futball. Friendly competition; if we get it we get it.
FFS the US governs no part of FIFA.... They're a separate entity. You can not dictate this
Where's the logic! Make your country a privilege for international sporting events not trying to grab because Putin earned it
Bully by nature
"a STRONG bid" from countries that cannot qualify teams to play in tourney (US & canada) and a country that is openly hostile toward foreign visitors (US). 
More support $$$
The American men's football team is inferior to the American men's basketball team, and the United States cannot hold the World Cup.
#STOPTrumpFromTweetingNOW #FakePOTUS #crookedTRUMP #lockhimUP #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpCorruption #embarrassedbyTRUMP #CleanTheGOPOut2018 #BlueTsunami 



If the president won't honor James Shaw Jr., we will! 

James Shaw Jr. is paying for the funeral of each of the four Waffle House shooting victims out of the gofund…
Vote for Morocco 
Well this tweet guarantees the US won’t get the WC. 
#ETTD
Kinda was guaranteed at the #muslimban 

I mean even girl scouts abroad and in   cancelled their USA bound travels a month after the ban
2026.... holy shit man , if the world isn’t in another world war by then, I’m all for it.. let’s play some SOCCER 
Oh crap... Here comes the Donald with his reverse Midas Touch.
Something for you to analyze @j_nikolovski. This is your niche now :)
Forget Korean reunification, this is the real story of cooperation in the IC.
Kinda sounds like blackmail. So much for free market.
You must not know what blackmail is
We can do it Morocco 2026
Because the world despises YOU Mr Trump. And because sadly, at least for the meantime, endorsement of the U.S means endorsement of YOU. It's nothing to do with the people of America, whom we love, only YOU. 
So if you really love your country, do it a favour and step down.
You're actually threatening other countries over the World Cup? Seriously?
He’s cuckoo for cocoa puffs that’s what I say when he’s not dealing with reality or maybe she’s just losing that
Will you stop making everything political ! The events are for the players and fans ! Not for you greedy power play or politics you pathetic waste of flesh ! #LoserTrump
Morocco vs 3 superpowers and you still need to tweet and beg for voices? Flattering 
Do not forget that Morocco is the first country to recognize America as an independent and sovereign state
"We consider it important to formulate and take a decision in the General Assembly of the United Nations, to enshrine the principle of non-politicization of sport." Vladimir putin said.
Please be careful and stop contradictionar. #morocco2026
I don't support my country being in a joint bid with your country, especially for such a useless endeavour.
If it was say a 3 way pact to take in more refugees I could get behind it
#Maroc2026

Mexico is working with others to perpetrate a coordinated invasion. I say reject them all until we extreme vet; arrest any Americans assisting in this invasion!
I like just bdw of the moroco is good bdw , moroco 2026
Morocco  deserves a chance for the 2026 World Summer Olympics.
Al9erd 3eye9tiha bezaaf ch7al ou 7na sa brune 3lik tal hadi la sir chouflek chi 7aja khra Bach dekhel biha leflous!! Pfff
منهجك السياسي رائعة و يليق بك رجل تجارة العطاء و الاخذ منهج تاجر في السياسية 
السياسية بعيدة عنك كل البعد
Donald Trump is a American Nightmare and a International Embarrassment Constantly.
Well, you fu*cked that up too, didn't you?
Probs because most of the planet think you’re a   plus Canada don’t play the game and you had you’re chance in 94 but @DianaRoss fucked it up for you  Go Mexico  or Morocco 
Give it to Mexico.


FIFA warns Trump on ethics rules after tweet about lobbying for World Cup in US http://hill.cm/N7eE3N6  
Wait what?? So your threatening any country who doesn’t back your bid? First off the US doesn’t even pronounce the name of the sport correctly. The pure drivel that comes outta your mouth Sir is truly shocking! Go perm ya hair or put ya St Tropez on leave FOOTBALL alone
Haha... true @BonesJonesLFC
Off his head bro
Did you...did you just threaten our neighboring countries over a sporting event? #UnfitForOffice #WorstPresidentEver #Resign #Article25
La "DEMOCRACIA" de USA en su expresión consuetudinaria. Sistema en extinsión.
Is this a threat? If it is, it guarantees lobbying against your bid. A World Cup in Mexico would seem more appropriate to me, where 'soccer' is at World Cup level.
You are wacky
The toddler Trump speaks. I want my way and if I don't get it I will take my toys and go home. Thinly veiled threats are just sooo appropriate. Do you think because you have no friends that it is O.K. for the United States?
getting schooled in ethics by FIFA 
@POTUS doesn't understand competition & he doesn't understand free trade.
He is a fool dragging down your country and your party

@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Agreed.
You need to increase your Med's. You're getting worse.
Wow. Because a respect your office I am saying this: Trump resign. Please......
Oh please. Take your ball & bat and stay home.
It is unethical to threaten other nations in an attempt to be chosen. Also you have weakened our chances with the Muslim travel ban.
THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT TRUMP " SIR " MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !!! " TRUMP " The MAN With The Plan ♡♡♡ GREAT PLAN ☆☆
Unhinged much
Dedícate a hacer cosa más importantes por tu país que por un mundial eres el peor presiente que eligió estados unidos para su país.
Did it ever occur to you that it isn’t our country they don’t support? It’s YOU whom they can’t stand.
You’re nuts Trump.
My god, can you sound any more like a cheap mobster?  “Nice place you got here, be a shame if anything happened to it.”  I guess that is what comes from being raised by grifters.
I'm sure they want to avoid being part of the National Nightmare that we all experience every time you go to a podium to speak or take to Twitter.
Hey dickhead, do you even know how many players comprise a football ( soccer ) team ?
No, of course you dont, but like everything else in your pathetic presidency you involve yourself in things of which you are totally ignorant.
What a disgrace to your nation you are
You are so stu%$#
We won't let other countries who take our $Taxpayers dollars to use us as their punching bag...Take notice your in the ERA of Trump....#MAGA!!!
(Including at the United Nations) !!! Seriously ? That means possibly that you want Morocco to pullout their file ?! In exchange for support in the Western Sahara case ?!#realDonaldTrump
What????? this country is being run by the trump crime syndicate with godfather Donnie Bonespurs in charge!
Oh, okay, so since they are being SO unreasonable, why don’t we support them in their bids?  Then we can thumb our nose and say  how great and generous WE are.  You sound like a sef-centered teenager.  Grow up, Sir.  Please.
You have to be shitting me....
Are you afraid Morocco will host the  2026 world cup? BIG JEALOUS
1. Morocco is a LONG ally and if either wins it's a good thing. 2. If U.S. gets bid, you realize that foreigners *gasp* will be coming to America right? 3. Your "threat" actually threatens our bid 4. Maybe countries aren't voting U.S because they don't like you.
Lobbying is what you do with other countries behind the scenes. What Morocco does called Diplomacy. 
If you really support us and you want our countries to become developed, why do you bid against us, knowing that you have already hosted that event and it is our turn and right
Who are you, the Godfather? "Nice store you got here. It would be a shame if something should happen to it"
Help them
You just probably lost our bid to host the World Cup by your threat. Against the FIFA rules asshole.
Fuuuuuuuuck yooooooooooou.
No, thank you. I don't wanna get murdered in a shooting or something  like that. Morocco should get an opportunity.
What the actual fuck?
Are you off your meds again?
You are NOT a good representative for this nation.  I look forward to the day you are REMOVED, you resign, Or aged out of that office. You are a disgrace.
Woah Woah Did Someone Say, "North American Union," Mr. President?

So Much For Sovereignty, Sir.

Very, Very Sneaky

I See What You Did There, Dood

#AmeroDineroHereComesJackSparrow
The only other contestant so far is Morocco. He’s so afraid Morocco could win that he starts threatening FIFA. FIFA is allergic to government meddling. It will know how to react.
If you want to host the world cup you'll need to win the bidding process the same way everyone else does.

Bribe FIFA
It's a problem when you are considered less ethical than FIFA.  
#Trump #FakePresident #fool #FifaWorldCup2018
I guess they might since you trash them at every opportunity.  You have not been a friend to them so they may not be a friend to you.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Governments cannot interfere with football, it's part of the rules of FIFA, you big fucking orange.
I know that Morocco is also bidding to host the 2026 world cup, like you will always say America first, permit me to say Africa first your excellency. I support #Morocco 2026
Threatening? SHAME on U! This is NOT how u will stop Morocco! Since when the US know how to play soccer? #Maroc2026 #CoupeDuMonde #football
@realDonaldTrump endorses Mexico
Apparently, no one has told you that you can't threaten FISA or other nations to get the World Cup here. These are not your "wise guys"
Resign.
Why are American Attorneys going to the border advising The illegals what to say. This is illegal.
Dedicated to all the nation of America
You might have just kicked yourself up the arse ... literally threatening to cut off support to other countries who may also be planning to bid for the 2016 World Cup would be considered a highly unethical attack on those countries by FIFA
OMG You are just a gold digger --"

You don't even take care of US citizens!
Start with getting the UN out of NYC, clean up the area around it, and turn it into a city park   The UN sucks
Guessing you’ll wait til after the World Cup to build your wall then? #idiot #fantasist
My dads bigger than your dad. FFS man grow up. #cantpolishaturd
Mr. President: All the rangers and all the help from the region come from the Democrats' headquarters. I hope that God will solve all the problems with the right and proper thinking: thank you.
Agree
FIFA refers to ethics rules after Trump tweets on US World Cup bid. 

#FIFA #Trump #Moron #WorldCup #EthicsViolations
I don't give a hoot about sporting event locations, nor about tweets which use the same as a subtext to strong-arm other nations into compliance.
Even worst than in my expectations.
Go #Morocco2026 !!
You do realize  #trump there are rules to follow in getting this bid and you just broke a whole bunch of them.  Way to ruin the chances for everyone involved!  Perhaps a good selling point would be that you WILL NOT be president when then World Cup would play! #trumpfail
You are off your head mate.
#FIFAWorldCup is an inclusive football tournament open to all countries (#Football is the internationally recognised name for the game). How will Muslim Nations, that have a travel ban to the US, be able to participate? But hey! You’ve already jeopardised the US bid. Prick.
Remember when the person elected to the office of President of the United States was called the "Leader of the free world"? Now he's just called the racist asshole who thinks he can get away with bullying everyone into following his stupidity while creating havoc around the world
Agreed. If they don't support us, then we don't want to waste our money on them.
The United States does NOT need the United Nations and never has. The United Nations is a farce and only needs us for the ridiculous & wasted billions $$ we give them. Time for US to disconnect from them! Sooner the better! 
#Pray4America #MAGA #VoteRepublican #LoveMyPOTUS #NRA
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada & Mexico for the 2018 World Impeachment Cup. It would be a shame if other countries did not support this and did not help out with a donation bid. Why Should you be supporting Mueller? because he supports the United States!
