The Emperor's New Clothes (Silver Penny Sto... by Diane Namm for $4.95 https://amzn.to/2q67VQm   via @amazon https://twitter.com/ForeverLogical/status/981697085018783745/photo/1pic.twitter.com/9ZMXva5pHY 
6 Signs of Narcissism You May Not Know About | Psychology Today


Then. Kill the deep state now before it's too late
I went into a library today and heard a couple of soy latte-sipping liberals conceding that Trump is doing a great job. I took down their names and numbers and I'm arranging to send them MAGA hats!
Fairytale
2 Thessalonians 3:3
But the #Lord is #faithful, who will establish you and #guard you from the evil one.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)
A #Nation under #One #True #GOD #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
#Jesus our #Christ #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
Ecclesiastes 8:2-5
I say, “Keep the #king’s #commandment for the #sake of your #oath to #God. Do not be hasty to go from his #presence. Do not take your #stand for an #evil thing, for he does whatever pleases him.” Where the #word of a #king is, there is #power; [1/2]
And who may say to him, “What are you doing?” He who keeps his #command will experience nothing #harmful; And a wise #man’s #heart discerns both #time and #judgment, [2/2]
Romans 1:20
For since the #creation of the #world His invisible #attributes are clearly seen, being understood by the #things that are made, even His eternal power and #Godhead, so that they are without #excuse,

You are unhinged.
Let's talk about the weather! #mwxga

Wait,  Obama isn't in office anymore.   Wrong President.  By the way Trump doesn't take pay either.
No, he donates it to government agencies he’s made huge cuts to. Also, he’s spent $100 million on his golf trips, and over 150 days as POTUS at his own properties. Charges Secret Service for golf cart rentals. Tells foreign officials to stay at his DC hotel. #EmolumentsMatter
Mr President it’s time to  get us a Top notch hard core American Attorney General ! He is hurting you and all of us!Something is not right with him! The Evidence is overwhelming we don’t need any more we need Them Prosecuted!
Do you buy Ivanka Trump shoes?
“....numerous workers interviewed by NYT complained about 14-hour days....they said the days were too long, especially since they often included up to 3 hours of UNPAID breaks for lunch & dinner” (17 hr day)
You want to do what’s right for you and you only.
For the Fatherland, Oh White Nationalist?
Thank you for being with the People last night and not the elites.
Yea you don’t get to lose the popular vote and claim to represent the #people.
He won the popular vote, you think killery won the popular vote because they allowed illegal alien and dead people to vote 
Get a grip.
Wrong.  That’s a tiny insecure #maga lie.  You would call that an #altfact.
President Trump is doing a great job God bless him, he will serve a second term, ,so get your box of kleenex ready. Have a blessed day.
We are all ready for everything.  Watching everyone all the time.  We see enemy and are closing fast.  2020...tic-toc.
Yes 2020 President Trump will still be the President, get your box of kleenex ready.
So much winning. Oh hey. You remember that lawyers? She finally confirmed that she’s an informant.
Where are the jobs? It’s a big lie Trump. I have 2 friends in their late 50’s who cannot find a job. They are both educated & full of experience. Too young to retire but no one will hire 55 plus. How are you going to help them?
I have a criminal record from over 15 years ago that was drug related. I've changed my life and haven't gotten a speeding ticket since. I can't vote, find a job and am a second rate citizen. There are many people left out to many factors. I hope they find work soon.
I hope you do too John. Some places specifically hire people with records. I don't know where you live, but "Dave's Bread" does that and has good pay.
I have a small painting business that keeps me going, but many people like myself could not apply for a job due to records/ other factors. I was making a point that there are many not as lucky as me.....
It never ceases to amaze me how the US applies a system of draconian punishments even for minor crimes or infractions. That's very old testament. Thanks, conservatives.

In the more enlightened parts of the western world the focus is on rehabilitation and integration.
Punishment, rehabilitation, and integration. You must have all three, or it is not balanced, and will not have as much success.

We hate him because he's everything except white and Christian.
And by white, I mean Orange.
Skin color jokes eh? Really setting the standard aren't you.
Why has Trump not congratulated the Waffle House hero?
Thanks for all you do.
#MAGA #KAG!
No your insanity is driving us crazy idiot man.
#PutinsFatWhore #SANCTIONS #Santions4Russia #TraitorTrump LOOSER
Dude, You have no triumphs. Resign.
You're bat shit crazy! #NationalEmbarrassment #WorstPresidentinHistory #Criminal

Dude just be quiet. How annoying
That’s because Trump’s triumphs are only triumphs for himself and his crooked elite. Get off the toilet, put down the phone, walk out of the White House, and never come back.
Great job President Trump

He could flee to Siberia?


 
LOL .  The only other person you have praised is Putin!!!  Get Outta Here You Fraud!
There are triumphs?
Delusional
Bob Mueller closing in on you is driving Trump crazy. Sad!
Like he's been doing this entire time.......my bad only people that are guilty of committing crimes for president Trump have gone to jail.
Then resign.
And you are, Mr. President. You absolutely are. 
Are you always watching @FoxNews ? Or do you speak actually talk to those brilliant people you said you were hiring to form your opinions?
For those of us who don't support you, can you tell us why Paul Ryan hasn't already impeached you for every violation of The Emoluments Clause? Are the Russians paying him?
Crazy is as crazy tweets Donnie

They already are begging lol - GO PRESIDENT TRUMP!!  I'M NOT SICK OF WINNING YET!!!! #MAGA #TRUMPTRAIN #KAG #TheGreatAwakening #QAnon #WINNING!
Bots, trolls, that is most of the “backers.” Americans are way more intelligent, in general.
Bots and trolls lol - You mean the paid trolls and bots the left created - look at Obummers followers haha all fake accounts!
Just say no to drugs!
Pro tip....resigning would be what is right for our wonderful U.S.   Let's see if you can make that happen ok big guy? 

Triumphs?  Give me a break.  All you have done is fuck the environment, play golf, give American treasure to rich assholes, play golf, attend foreign parades, play golf, fuck porn stars, play golf, and lie.
#TrumpTrain Is winning on principle and policy....The alternative left will strip away all of our rights and the good this president has accomplished get out the vote in November.
This is right. I hope everybody gets out there and votes Democrats away. If they don't, they will be sorry, but it will be too late.
Best President


Imma need receipts.
Marco Rubio points out that there's 'no evidence whatsoever' that the GOP tax cut 'massively' benefited American workers. 
None of what you have accomplished so far has been to the benefit of the American people, you are a CON ARTIST!
Trumps tax scam failed, trumps so-called budget failed and created a huge addition to our deficit, trump spends millions every weekend to enrich his own clubs with our tax dollars! I'd say only trump thinks he's sucessful!
What "triumphs" would those be #loser?


Triumphs?! What triumph?!
Hypocrite-in-Chief
Needing some daily praise again? Weak ego.

People get to plead the 5th. It does not speak to guilt or innocence. It is a right, that should be exercised at you and your lawyer's discretion without be judged badly for it.

If this were actually true,  you wouldn't feel compelled to have to tell the world this constantly.  Sad.
what about caravan  just walking in are nation do your job

Oops...slip of the tongue. I believe you meant to say Russia.
We have elected the right person at the right time! #MAGA
re shut down the country if you don't get funding for your wall- how will you shut down Mexico? Aren't they country paying for it? Or was that a "smoky eye" too?
You could do what is right for the USA by resigning!!!
You....uhhh.....don’t have any. Triumphs, that is.

Turning the highest, and  most respected office in the world into a circus is nothing to brag about. You are a disgrace.
If you want to do right for the good old USA, resign #shitholePresident.
Stepping down would be a start.

Trump is a raper of women, a launderer of money, a predator of children, and a criminal asset to the Kremlin.

Why the EVER-LOVING FUCK are people talking about rewarding him?…
Hahahaha.   You’re pathetic. Sick.
My Whitehouse support today,the FCC has allowed Doug Taylor to broadcast RFID statements he forged my DNA paternity test on my 15 year old son.thanks Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good timing Trump,thanks
Perhaps Steve should look up success in the dictionary 
MARCO RUBIO: There's 'no evidence whatsoever' that Trump's tax bill has helped American workers
Oh no! The third person routine! Mueller must be close. Cohen going to turn on you? I heard Manafort is getting close to spilling the beans! Also, your not even close to being a billionaire. It’s all going to come out! Sleep w/one eye open!
Rosenstein (who works w/Mueller) told CBS News April 19th President Trump is not under investigation in the Cohen probe. The Mueller investigation will be wrapping up shortly, having found no collusion. Manafort guilt of money laundering way before Trump ran.
As long as you believe your own bs lies.......


Obama is the one who gave Cosby some kind of award.
No, it was actually George Bush
When you get old like  me you realize they're all the same.
Resign !
You've had no triumphs you big loser
Liar
Awe taking credit for others work again how cute —- NOT
Americans believe in you and we want you to lead America to victory.
Yeah, around 30% of Americans do. Big whoop!
63% get you stats right.
Pay your taxes for a start, you crook! #Trump #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TaxDay #TrumpRussia #DotardTrump


MAGA NEWS: GET TRUMP Part 3 , the dirty details, how Hillary's campaign revived an old Russian Hack from 2015, one they had ignored for over seven months, but decided to employ as part of their new Trump Russia narrative in April 2016. Must read & RT MAGA

Hahahaha you just can’t help but lie. Your Pinocchio nose must be all the way to a state where everyone regrets voting for you.

Resign and accept that you're going to prison for the crimes against your country -  that would be a step in the right direction.
Easy, Tiger. I'm pretty sure it's just this guy and toothless West Virginians who jerk off into Confederate Flags.
TRUMP IS AFRAID OF THE PRESS!  THAT'S WHY HE WON'T HOLD A PRESSER, AND WHY HE KEEPS ATTACKING THEM FROM A SAFE DISTANCE.
Yes, you’re driving most of us crazy but since you’re insane and have been for years that’s not saying much, now is it?

#TrumpIsSoBroke that he can't afford to pay attention.

#TrumpCrimeSyndicate
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#MakeAmericaTrumpless
His sexual assults or his laughing at the disabled. ?
Psychologically speaking, Trump referring to himself as "Trump," is interesting.  A mind is a terrible thing to lose.

A bad leader speaks of self more than organization.
A good leader speaks of organization more than self.
#leadership
Thank You President Trump! Against all odds you are WINNING! #MAGA 
Hey POTUS keep to the course your doing great things sometimes you should count to 10 before you say or tweet things (Jus Sayin)But if you keep doing what you're doing not only will you do the full 8 but you will be regarded as one of the best Presidents in U.S. History 
Triumph Des Villain.

Mr. Trump please come clean house in Canada after you are done with usa.
trump is driving everyone crazy. Especially himself! You are insane.
Yeah right. Triumphs? What triumphs?

Right for your USA?? Sweetie darlin..you’ve NEVER shown a respect or caring for our country and you certainly aren’t now. Everything you are doing is weakening this nation. But you know that.l
I love when you are at your highest delusion. It warms my heart. #IdiotInChief
Fake fake fake news
Trumps triumphs is creating motivation to dig........I feel sorry for anyone who flies to close to “Donald” they get burned every time
THEN RESIGN
What knowledge did you have of any outreach by your campaign, including by Paul Manafort, to Russia about potential assistance to the campaign?

Trumpet Tantrum making America gag again
yet you threaten shutting down the Country if you don't get your way. You do realize that is Blackmail and a crime. The lawsuits against you are coming BIGLY
They are already crazy!
PC takes a backseat when it’s a liberal making jokes about you and ur Administration. But you can mock disabled, Clinton& others. RESIGN

The 'right thing to do for our country' is for you to #Resign.  #LIARINCHIEF #MAGAT
That should be “Trump’s lies are frustrating the world”
TRUMPS TRAGEDIES....sounds like garbage coming from the mouth of a Russian Sympathizer.
So, Hannity is under the bus and Stevy is your new ball kisser?

Want to do what’s right?  RESIGN!!!
Nah man your use of capital letters is driving me crazy.
Then resign asshole
Keep up the amazing work that your doing! Your supporters are so proud to be led by a real leader such as yourself. Go TRUMP KEEP WINNING!
Funny! You should be the guest comedian at the next correspondence dinner!
LOL!
You wouldn’t know what’s right if it dropped on your ugly orange head.  I doubt you’ve ever chosen to do the right thing in your life.  Fake Prez, Fake Christian, Fake Billionaire...  By the perpetual sad look on wifey’s face, fake husband.
Resign then
Bending over for Communist Nations, firing half of your minimalist staff, allowing corporate lobbyists to write a devastating tax code, raping the environment and making the citizens of the country pay you to take vastly expensive golf trips every week..

Yeah.Wonderful triumphs.
Why do talk about yourself so often? It's tiresome and boorish.
"Make America Great Again"!
Is your head permanently stuck where the sun ain’t shining?  You’re  a complete disaster, Mr.
Trump leaks Mueller’s questions. Once again proving Trump is a disgraceful excuse for a President #stainofapresident

Here’s the right thing to do >
Aww...he is making you crazy, isn't he? 

TRiUMPh
trumpett
Trumpette ...... get it right
IMPEACH... or voters will vote him out !!!!!
yo just doing for what others failed to do not only for USA but for the sake of our world
Trip Triumph as he shits on America....legend in his own mind. What a BONE SPUR
The sad part of @realDonaldTrump making USA great is that the undeserving liberals are benefiting too. They should pay higher taxes (their wish) have no form of self protection (their wish) live with MS13 (their wish) and no Police to protect them (also their wish)
Thank You @realDonaldTrump for putting America first and #MAGA
The only thing crazy are the nimrods still supporting you. 

However, it appears it is "fake," they are paid to say that on Russian state tv.
So fall over!
Even the porn star is kicking his ass.
If that were true, you and family would leave.

You're doing great!  Keep it up!!!


Crazy with comedy!
No
Thank you!
I guess you will alienate most of your allies and friends!!! USA is not alone in this world; need share and exchange with others. USA still the largest economy anyway!!??
Who is Steve Hilton??????
If you meant that what you've done for the last year is "winning" I am indeed sick of winning.
What's driving us crazily is his stupidity and unwillingness to listen to anyone but Faux News.
Let me know when one of your "wins" isn't overturned in court.
Resign
Mister President alles gut und richtig was sie mach Hut ab
From the worst liar in the world...troublemaker
And what triumphs are those? 

Not driving me crazy! All i see is your up coming #impeachment!! You have FAILED!!! 
Fake news!!!
How is Farting a Triumph when it's the only outcome is a bad smell
#TrumpNation2020

@realDonaldTrump.    “I’m like,smart.” 
Triumphs?? You're an over confident boob!!
Hahahaha!!! You’re a joke! 
Then resign.
Really?! Does this mean you are resigning immediately?! Now, that would be immensely helpful for the country!! #Resist #ResistTrump #Resistance
Praised FOX lemming on compliment but still no tweet praising James Shaw...Waffle House hero who’s raised >$200k for shooting victims?

Also missing explanation for “great service” & “legacy stuff” Kanye West’s done for “black community that eyes opened for 1st time in decades”?
You’re the one going crazy idiot. Calling @FoxNews screaming at the 3 Stooges... 
Destroying policies and programs that short-sighted commercial interests don't like is not real work.
The "starve the beast" attacks against departments are wasteful.
What triumph?
If you wanted to do what was right for this country, you would resign.
Well done! There now almost 4million more uninsured! "Number of uninsured Americans increased by over 3M in Rump's first year."
If you wanted to do what was right... you’d resign. 

You want to do what is right for you make $. You don't care about average Americans, you use them. You hire unqualified cronies and relatives who misuse taxpayer funds and make deals $ with lobbyists and adversaries (@EPAScottPruitt @SecretaryCarson @SecretaryZinke). #SwampThing
Which lie (triumph) are you speaking of?
Fox News again. Do you have any other channels?
And you are doing a magnificent job. The deniers know it, we know it, the whole world knows it.
#COLLUSION

Note to @realDonaldTrump @csthetruth and FRAUD ALERT
The supposed "charity" ONWARD TOGETHER does not appear to have filed an application for federal tax exemption or determination letter in NY, or in CA where it apparently has been soliciting since 2017. …
We know who you are.
Your accomplishments, if there are any, including NK, which is nothing but hype so far, do not eliminate your severe issues. Even if you are awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, you still should be impeached because of the Trump CONSPIRACY with Russia against the US.
STOP PROMOTING COMMERCIAL ENTERPRISES AND STATE-RUN FOX TV, dirty don.
IT'S ILLEGAL.

#TheResistance
N
Spanky when was the last time you looked at a mirror?
