
GET IT DONE SENATE!
Pompeo is doing a better job than John Kerry did as Secretary of State and he hasn’t even started work yet!  Remember Kerry said the last of the chemical weapons in Syria were gone?  
Pompeo graduated number one at West Point and at Harvard Law.  Obama and Kerry graduated last in drawing red lines.
And trump is number one in sexual assault accusations. I think he even beat bill cosby.
I just accused you 21 times of sexually assault.  Now you’re ahead. See how easy that was? 
Are you 21 different women , one of which was paid 130k by my lawyer? If not you sound like an idiot. And all my asdociates aren't under investigation and cutting plea deals.see how easy facts are?? Most trumpers dont know about facts
In today’s world yes, yes... I identify as 21 females, who are all super hot and promiscuous and we all only do eachother. 
Tjen your argument is moot since you admittedly fornicate with 21 women and no men
I LIKE MIKE!
We absolutely need to confirm Mike Pompeo before the negotiations with North Korea. Kim Jung Un and him now have a great raport and we need him to be able to continue that so we can get Little Rocket Man under control.
Democrats would rather see the world go up in flames than help President Trump be great. Scary!

Glad I didn’t disappoint the snowflake who thinks Trumps a loser when, in fact, he’s the winner who kept the dangerous Clinton crime family from re-occupying the White House.
I forgive you. Glad you came around.



So you like reading the National Enquirer and other trash rags. Not sure why you think we care.
Not sure why you think what you think matters.  Your pin-up git is going down hard, and all of you flying monkeys will be grounded.
A warmonger.
Mr. President, please pull yourself together, you represent the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!  So once you surround yourself with military might, are you going to putin a dictatorship where you take over and destroy freedom and democracy putin yourself in power?
#Pompeo sounds like an educated candidate, but as #RexTillerson pointed out some time ago, #tRUMP is a complete #Moron! He has proved time & again that he's incapable of working with folks who are smart, or those who may disagree with his overly simplistic world view
#FiredInDays
Don't be 2quick to be impressed-
He's a #Biased #WarHawk & never saw an #American problem
 that a good #WAR would cure.
Don't worry I'm not!
There's no one who is in any way connected with #trump who has impressed me up to this point... Apart from #GeneralMattis who appears to be the only person in that sham administration capable of speaking up for himself & for the men & women of the US military
Pompeo, another military officer in a serious position where great harm can come from his inability to be diplomatic.  However, yet another profound position filled by a military officer.  I give you credit, you are putin people in place for a takeover.
Oh yeah  and a lot of people don’t know that! (according to Trump)
He is a racist, with no experience, the profound stupidity you display, multiple times a day is baffling. And the fact that you don't seem to have any self awareness or even feel embarrassed by your constant drivel is also astonishing. You are why this country is laughed at.
Successful with Chinese companies he failed to disclose.
Popmeo lies about things that don't matter and things that matter a lot even when he's been shown to be lying.  Kindred spirits, eh @realDonaldTrump?
He has no diplomatic experience at all.  He will be as bad at this job as you are as president.
So true
I am so sick and tired of @RandPaul not standing by the very @POTUS We the People elected! He better vote *yea* for Pompeo!
We the people did not elect Russia’s Cheating elected him
I think it's great that a person who is obviously deaf and blind can still find a way to tweet.. Please have someone explain to you why Russia is wishing clinton got elected instead of Trump right now lol.  #thatstoryisdead

.
Well he did lie about serving and has stated hate for people he would be expected to show diplomacy.  He likes war, that is a problem when your whole purpose is to avoid war.
Pompey is a homophobe and an Islamophobe. 
You are EASILY impressed but I see why you like him. 
If the White Supremacists hat fits.
@50thand8th why didn't Obama do anything about Russia, he knew there was Russian meddling in the election? Why have we've been soft on Russia for 9 years? Also, why would Trump bomb a Russian ally if he had anything to hide?
He shuttered two of Russia’s compounds in the US and sent home 36 Russian diplomats. He also sanctioned four Russian individuals and five Russian groups. You can also blame The turtle for not doing more. He and the GOP blocked Obama from doing more.
@Fitisit @Super_Nebular @agalardi @yermothertoo What was Obama going to do?
If you can't answer the question then what are you doing? You're trying to stop nothing because you're ignorant and that is not a criticism. With the media these days I don't blame you.
We support you all the way no matter what you say!
Bot
Don't tell anyone, I'm a Russian bot.
Once approved, I give him <5 months before you fire him

What a joke this Whitehouse. You change people like you change your clothes. Didn't you say the same about Tillerson?
This is exactly why you can’t trust a single thing that comes out of any governments mouths. Especially the US and UK.
A Koch stooge
Must have a flaw somewhere that you're over looking or ignoring. Until it's time for him to have a top secret clearance. Then you'll do like you do with hoodrat daughterwife & her other husband. You'll just give them the top secret info despite no clearance. (JAIL)!!
And by great, you mean he'll be your loyal dog and do your bidding. He's a pathetic "yes man"
Once again Democrats prove how anti-American they can be
They are crushing the American voters
Time for a change 2018
Change is coming
Pompeo will be rejected, Fat Donnie. Come November the GOP will be rejected. Sad.
Those Dems are ridiculous! An outstanding person who has worked hard his whole life. All they can do is stop everything. Is that the way the senate should act. Stop your hate! You are blinded by everything.
Now that you brought up academic achievements, what about yours?  Did you really graduate from Wharton?  Do you dare share your transcripts?  Does Wharton really graduate idiots?
I think that if the Senate doesn't approve Pompeo for the Secretary of State Trump needs to decide that he doesn't need one and (like Obama might have done) appoint him as Zarr of State and proceed.
Pompeo is not favored, we HOPE he does not get in.  He is another bully and swampee who kisses the mob boss' ring.  we don't want him.  want you to leave asap.  swampee liar.  guiliani is a mistake, he'll blow this  up in yr face, he's foolish.
You work better if you have confidence.... 
Certainly better than Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania!
Get this done and those GOP who cote against him remember he is not your Sec Of State he is President Trumps and our Sec of State.
Mike Pompeo is a puppet. Just like you.
“Rex Tillerson will be a great Secretary of State” someone once said.
Unlike these criminals!
Don’t forget “hero of the gulf war” lmao
Beware, they shall say peace and safety, then come sudden destruction!

This guy?
Yes we could take your word for it because you've done so well with all your past appointees
Great. With a hawk like Pompeo whispering in your ear and Bolton pulling your puppet strings in the background, we’re sure to be in a hot war soon. #chaosinthewhitehouse
He’s a criminal, like his dear leader.
why?   why would Pompeo make a "great Secretary of State!".
Besides being a murderer you I mean
Sounds like the only thing working agaist him is your recommendation.  Hmmm.
But he isn’t yet, so why is he acting like it already?
CIA has now confirmed publicly that Pompeo did NOT serve in the Gulf War. Any examples of Pompeo saying or even suggesting otherwise over the years would be of extreme interest to Members of Congress set to vote on his nomination next week.
For a month or two, until I fire him.
Lair
@realDonaldTrump is touting another crook. The pudding is still in the pot. Half-baked!
Resign

With that background why would he want to wreck his reputation working for you
So if that should be correct he is like your total opposite.
Failed at everything where you couldn’t by a place at the table.

#POSUS

Rosenstein is trying to save more than his job. He signed one of the fraudulent FISA warrants and has hence been referred for criminal charges in the letter from congress.
Btw, like Kennedy, politics should be second, what’s right or wrong, 1st!!!!
I guess using those criteria you aren’t qualified for your job.
Unless he has a phoney degree like yourself?   Anyone you recommend will not be great at anything political, ethical or moral.  BTW Pompeo thinks you are a twit   #TrumpTrain
He pumps these people like the coaches on The Voice plead their case for people to vote for their team. This is a real job, with real people, and very real consequences. This isnt some sideshow you think that completely runs off of ratings and that you can milk the coffers for.
And he kisses your ass so he's therefore qualified.
So, Trump, you’re saying Mike Pompeo is literally everything you have FAILED TO BE?

Is he a successful businessman too?
http://Match.com   u should try it.  Get out of bills basement
He's a war mongering asshole just like you. He's a hack, just like you. He will be removed from office, just like you. It's almost Mueller time #CadetBoneSpurs
I recall you saying the same thing about Rex. Your credibility is gone.
Michael cohen is going to sing the FBI.
and a liar just like you. He never served in the Gulf War as he claimed in many public appearances.
Nope! Your batting average for hiring crooks is ZERO! AMERICA DOES NOT TRUST YOU ! Resign!
Why would an honorable man want to work with Trump, Bolton, the generals? A man who wants displomacy?
Or is he just a scapegoat that it'ill be blamed post war.

He's willing to go to the mat for a treasonous, corrupt president with a vague fly by the seat of your pants diplomacy.

Couldn't be any worse than Rex Tillerson, or that dead cat you call hair...
Hey say something nice about @SheriffClarke  hes waiting with phone in hand just to be mentioned by his idol #GBTP
Hahahahaha
I guess West Point is not the school I thought it was,Pompeo is not the sharpest tool in the box.
We don’t want Mike Pompeo!
Excellent choice 
Yes affirm this great man!
#STFU #LyingDonald
Вы же не понимаете вы забрали Одессу это же город Украины а вы и НАТО знаете что? Идете к черту и знаете про революцию?
NO WAY HE IS A CROOK JUST LIKE YOU , AND HE IS. ANTI MUSLIM, SO FAR EVERYONE YOU SAID WAS GOOD FOR THE COUNTRY IS UNDER INVESTIGATION JUST LIKE YOU, WHY DON'T YOU FIRE JUICY PRUITT FOR BUYING A $45000.00 SOUND PROOF PHONE BOOTH? ARE YOU FUCKING CRAZY?
Pompeo is bought and paid for by Koch Bros! GOP is using dirty Russian money! #Disgraceful
And fatter than you....
Sorry Mike you may be on your way out. He said the same thing about Tillerson
Sir but with your unique style of functioning he will survive at the best for 6 months
That's just what America needs; another dimwitted backwards fighter with ideas attributable to the 17the century.
Like all the others you have chosen before - He is all good - till you fire him and label him as slimebag!
If this is true, he sounds like he could be a good candidate. Unfortunately, because of how many times you make up facts, I’d need to research this myself before I can believe you. You are untrustworthy and exhausting.
Give it a month or so. You’ll make up some childish nickname for him and tell us what a horrible person he is...again!
Liar
Facts like uranium one, Benghazi , Fusion GPS, money laundering to the Clinton foundation, FISA court done without all the truth, $2.1 Billion in cash given to Iran, fight for open nord
Any Repub that doesn’t vote for him betrays the cause.
They will get it dine along with everything else they are holding up or they will hear the roar of the Lion!
Yes man...or kissass man?
Always good to have the backing of a treasonous liar.
No.  Hope he fails
Yes he will!!!
Mitch McConnell did you get this?  Get it done!!!
You should have kept Rex Tillerson.
President Trump;

This Caravan of illegals are now in Mazatlan, Mexico. They are heading for the US, what have we done to detour this?

A 'Refugee Caravan' Is Headed to the U.S. and Getting Bigger Every Day http://splinternews.com/a-refugee-caravan-is-headed-to-the-u-s-and-getting-big-1824087413?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=Splinter_twitter … 
#StopTheInvasion #StopTheCaravan #Trump
Do something Trump!  Keep this from happening!
He is ranting as fast as he can!
Until sacked.
He's a scumbag and everyone in Kansas with an IQ above 100 knows this.
And while not degrading the LGBT community and other religions besides Christianity he likes making his father’s meatballs and teaching 5th grade Sunday school! Not 4th grade or 6th grade! 5th grade!!  #disingenuous
No, actually he won’t. Maybe he was adequate as CIA Director but will not be a poor Secretary of State. He is to vocal about Muslims, Jews, etc. He will fail and will not be taken seriously on the world stage.
Your recondmendation isn’t much? I couldn’t hear what you said hiding under the bed?
Just like you Mr. President, you’re the success in person  #MAGA
There’s always the filibuster and you know what the right thing to do #Mitch McConnell. If you have to use it you have to use it but this nonsense has to end I mean come on this is nothing but hatred petty hatred for no point at all let’s support our country my God #2018
He should be your boss.
Seems you said the same thing about Tillerson but yet...
They are too jealous! 
Neighbor still in his head
Senate ppl are obstructionist
Success does not mean he is an appropriate choice for Secretary of State.
he is a LIAR. "Pompeo's purported service in the Gulf War has been disputed by a spokesman for the CIA, saying "Director Pompeo was in the U.S. Army at the time of the Gulf War – serving until 1991. He was not deployed to that theater."
As a Hoosier & one who votes, @SenDonnelly and @SenToddYoung please approve Pompeo as Secretary of State. Presidents for many years have been able to choose their Secretary of State ie. Bush’s, Clinton & Obama
It's ironic to call yourself "Forever Logical" even you've voted for HRC. More like "Forever An Idiot"...
Very few, can attain what Mike Pompeo has accomplished, nor have his intelligence & results ability.  SICK of hearing these jump in front of TV & blabber Congress people.  One had the stupidity to say he was not sure of Atty. Pompeo's views on GAY marriage?  OMG, & we pay them.
Too many people (not fake news reporters) in the know are revealing that Pompeo is a glory seeking wannabe, who never served in a war zone. Another glory hound exposed.
Just because he kisses your ass the best does not mean he is outstanding!
Do it
Try not to #FORGET
It
You've said similar about so many until they reach a crossroads where good sense dictates they buck you a bit. Then you change your tune and they pull a knife from their backs. #backstabber
Well, that was 40 years ago...if that’s all you got, you’re in trouble.
Dems are a party of resistance vice supporting US citizens
Sorry for the idiot Sheehan we have here in N.H.
Oh, oop's Pompeo got caught lying about being deployed. Only the finest crooks for this country's administration.

Toasted. Can't wait for the Senate hearings.
More SWAMP RATS!
You certainly can't say you were first in any classroom situation. .you wish you had a his smarts  reason why you are so jealous of President Obama
If i have a right to vote i will aprprove Mike Pompeo. At least about denuclearization of korea peninsular and peace, i think Mr. Trump and Mike Pompeo is “Right time,Right person!!” Please approve Mike ASAP!!
Looks like somebody used google to check out his Wikipedia page. You can read!
Wait and see...
Nope.
Mike Pompeo gets a tRump endorsement. never met the guy, never heard anything about him, but I know he's a piece of shit. the company you keep and all that.
#StarscreamForPresident
Not a good choice. Vote him down senate
You haven’t a clue where he wound up at West Point....numb nuts....
You are doing a fantastic job! We’re out traveling again today listening to talk radio-you’re the star of the show everyone loves you!!!!
The obstructionist Democrats have to be removed in the 2018 and 2020 elections - especially from the Senate so that we can expedite all appointees.  Until then let's go with the nuclear option.  If McConnell is unwilling to do that, fire the SOB.
#ConfirmPompeo
I don’t believe a word you say
Pompei is not a diplomat and never will be a diplomat.
Uhuh. Like every other great person you've hired.  Worthless idiot.
Hes better where hes working in the cia....hes inarticulate for secretsry state...there you need rand paul
@realDonaldTrump Thank you for your tireless effort to do the right thing to #MAGA and walk in #integrity. May Jesus Christ watch over you and #FLOTUS and your family.

PROMISE
New is creation..
Can’t wait to see how this tweet ages...

Just emailed my state senators
Fantastic! I’m contacting as many as I can on twitter
You bragged about Flynn, Papadopolous, Manafort, Gates, Tillerson, Comey, Spicer, Priebus, Bannon, Scaramucci, Porter, Omarosa. The first 4 were indicted the next 6 you fired.
and @RichardGrenell too...tell mcconnell to do it
This tweet won't age well, In a month from now you will tweet, "I have fired Crooked Slimy Mike. He was never my choice. I'm not sure I even remember who he is. I think he used to get the coffee here at the white house. Anyway I wish him the best and thank him for his service."
Lied about desert storm, please proceed with ass licking....
Until I fire him
He’s gets a pleasure from torture at a level that would make the Marquis De Sade uncomfortable, but... whatever...

#trumpFlynn
Stop with the West Point and Harvard shit...it's pointless. He graduated ions ago. It did nothing for his character. #mamaprobdidntraisehimright
But...
Ok, what has he done to get this much sugar!? You can tell me, I’ll keep it a secret!
Mike Pompeo LIED about serving in the Gulf War, and the CIA confirms that he didn’t.  Mike Pompeo is not qualified to be Secretary of State! He Lies, He is unethical!
Good one, yes I approve. The Lord your God, is Who I Am.
I agree
These senators better not try to block them... What's up with Ryan? Can anyone get McCain to vote. Please make peace with his family before he passes. Humility there will build you up for all to see!
@POTUS So - if @RealMikePompeo lied on his Curriculum Vitae concerning  serving in the Gulf War, what else has he lied about? Not an auspicious  beginning for Director of @CIA   if he can't even hide his lies. Maybe  he could use some "extreme vetting." @foxandfriends @FoxNews
