KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States, and all of its GREAT people, should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
@HillaryClinton didn’t know a “C” classification meant classified so I’m sure Comey suffers from the same thing
Time to throw down the card.
You mean ignore the good news and positive things Trump is doing watch FAKE NEWS and pretend Hillary never did anything wrong. That's called stupidity
And Trump has done anything wrong? He has more baggage than anyone who has been president. If I watch Fox it is only the real news by Shep Smith. Try doing some fact checking http://www.snopes.com  on what your dear leader says. You might want to look up some of the BS about HRC
You are whats called "A Buffoon"

What have you done for our Country lately @loiter? Do something positive or say nothing at all. Liberals please stop crying!
Get lost.
You can't handle it! 
Dude we still can’t believe you are President. Leave Comey alone...he is more normal and truthful then you can ever be.
You're talking about yourself again but projecting it on others, traitor. #MoronInChief #CheetoTraitor
"He's either very sick or very dumb," is a very apt description of your legacy, Mr. President.
YOU lie daily, all over the place, not only to cover things up, but because you have what is known as a break with reality. You don't know the difference between a lie & the truth. Your tweet is a prime example. YOU are both very sick AND very dumb, it's not an either or!
Call @foxandfriends again, that shit was funny...
Not sure what you're preparing your base for but it must be HUGE!! Enjoying! 
Let me help you with that. Two hookers in Moscow you liquid and yellow. Clearing up for you? #basta
You must end the war on Comey and the FBI. They’ve saved our asses more times than any of us are aware. Get a grip on yourself.
Partially right Mr Pres:
SOMEONE doesn’t understand what he did or how serious it is.
SOMEONE has lied all over the place to cover it up.
SOMEONE is either very sick or very dumb.
#MuellerIsComing 
#MuellerKnows 
#MuellerWitchHunt
Russian attorney Veselnikskaya who met with @DonaldJTrumpJr & others at TT was a SPY! She has recanted her sworn testimony!  #RussiaGate
YES! We do believe James Comey! You can’t keep claiming that falsehoods are facts much longer dude! Yesterday the entire planet watched as you had a major meltdown! You have lost ALL credibility with anyone who has a shred of integrity! Go do another line or 20.
Prove it!

we believe him not you a known pathological liar. Not even a question .
DJT, you really should have paid attention in school. Sorry that you don't know how to be prez. Please throw your phone into the toilet. Flush and repeat. And resign.
Speaking of sick you are a total psycho get some help from a REAL DR NOT CANDY MAN
Sailor?
Remember Trump always projects and describes himself when taking about others, "he's either very sick or very dumb"
Have you not been out there talking about those same exact conversations you had with Comey? Wouldn’t that mean that you are also leaking what you call Classified information?
Your hell is just starting more to come #Impeachment
@realDonaldTrump Please be very cautious with developments Mr President, this May be a ploy to get our forces  off peninsula so Kim Jong Un can continue his agenda. If it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.
Hollow Donny sounds like a broken record.

Is the ethical and honest Mr. Comey getting under your skin.  The manure that comes out of your mouth on a daily basis is now humorous.  Two thousands lies from you.
Thanks for the shout out !!!!!
Moron's projecting again.
Comey needs to be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Comey is an honorable man and you are a lying psychopath!
You mean the information that was later classified after the fact? #trumpisfat
He thinks a leak is a plumbing prob
Comey seems to have a selective memory problem. come to think about it, Hillary seems to have the same decease.
Oh my, perhaps Dr. Ronny could give you some of those settle down pills. If not for you, then for us.
Sir, we in Nigeria appreciate your government's efforts to end terrorism and violence in the world.  
We implore you Sir,  to compel @mbuhari to end this on going ethnic cleansing in the middle  belt of Nigeria by his herdsmen (he is their grand patron).
Yes, if the law abiding citizens did what Hilary and Comey is doing, no questions asked go to jail.
Absolutely!
Comey believes he falls under the Obama created double standard above the law, can't touch me philosophy. And why not? Hillary walking free, Lynch, Obama, Holder, Jarrett, Powers, Strok,, Page, and all of Obamas admin no handcuffs, NO trial, No jail time.
Brett Baer had him on the ropes and hardly scratched the surface of his crimes. Comey had fear in his eyes with Baer questions and  Baers challenges of his BS answers. The American ppl demand treacherous actors in DC be punished. All of them.
Who is sailor? You are cracking up Donny. 
#MorningJoe @foxandfriends
What’s he talking about??
I have to dig deep into research. Who knows what crazy Tippy Top has in his tiny brain.
Thanks.
The phrase seems to be a reference to Kristian Saucier, a Navy submariner who was pardoned by Donald Trump last month. He had been convicted of illegally taking pictures from inside a navy vessel in 2009.
I thought it was Sailor Moon!
I don’t remember sailor but I do know that you don’t know what collusion is.  @DonaldJTrumpJr and your team met with Russians to collude. #thatscollusion
Blah blah lie lie blah. You gave russian spies Israels secrets while in a closed-door meeting with the spies which you banned u.s. media from but not russian. If you've nothing to hide & haven't broken any laws, why are you so worked up & trying to stop & obstruct investigations?
I would believe Comey over you every day. You change your mind so quickly we are getting whiplash! You are the Fake Trump, not the News. You have no personal opinion, it is always what others want. You have lied to so many it makes me sick and scared for all of our futures.
Comey needs charges brought against him and to stand trial. There must be a dozen different crimes he committed to include treason. He's an arrogant and smug SOB and as soon as he opens his mouth the BS meter goes off the scale. He has lots of excuses and poor answers.
All of them... Comey, Hillary, and Obama have all lied (and are ones that you can prove collusuin on.. along with lying under oath, etc.), & should all be ashamed doing all while representing our great country.
Learn to spell Bud
As usual Donald, you're projecting. You're seeing through a looking glass, darkly, and deceiving no-one but yourself. The man in the mirror is you Donald. Always you.

Is everyone believing what is going on?  You son met with an admitted Russian spy in Trump Tower.
How about addressing the issues? How about all the lies you have done and continue to do? How about why you villainize and demonize everybody that does not act like your puppet and blindly follow everything you do and say. @Comey exposes the TRUTH.
Comey should be prosecuted along with   
Loretta Lynch and Hillary Clinton
James Comey is using conflict as a marketing tool of his controversial book to make money...Anything can sell in the US if you can play on the citizen's sentiment
I have read this book cover to cover twice... A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership: James Comey @Comey @Flatironbooks
Yeah... I find Comey quite credible (unlike you)... The first thing you did in the oval office, was leak classified info, too Russians no less, after slandering the head of the FBI, after firing the ("nut job")...
#TreasonSeason
Comey’s example of bureaucratic despots who believe they’re superior to us subhuman pawns and therefore have right to determine our future. Actually, they’re losers who achieved power in corrupt entities whose only focus is retaining power. Dangerous.
You know nothing. Read his book.
And what will you do about holding him accountable ? Drain the swamp Donald
What a leak
You leaked classified intel to the Russians when they visited the WH.
Wow our “leader of the USA” is calling people dumb?! How professional 
Please stop embarrassing us. 
so who are you going to pardon next.....
remember sailor....is that for Cohen.....
Our president is a complete joke.
You Liberals and DemoRats still cannot get the Facts Right!  WAKE UP from Your Slumbers!
Lol #russianbot
You continuing to make this claim doesn't make it true. It only reinforces the lie in the weak little minds of the inept who support your even more inept presidency.
I dont think Comey know up versus down.

Everyone is trying to drain the U.S. funds for their own agenda by all these witch hunts.

Hillary should be front and center of any investigation.

All these investigations should be paid back by the fake news people and originators.

My tweets are being blocked! They’re not being sent to you! I think of all the peoples tweets, that aren’t getting to you! That are in support of you!!! #KeepGoing
Replace Comey’s name with yours, and your tweet becomes factual
Fake News. No, he did not
but if the the classified information is in itself illegal and unconstitutional, you're creating a paradox in which can cause reason to convict you of similar charges
Meanwhile YOU spring a Leak EVERY TIME you Tweet.....

@Comey doesn't a lot of time to define you. HE can define YOU in TWO SECONDS (And EVEN THAT might be one second off)   
Looks like the pot calling the kettle black.  Didn’t you leak info about where our submarines were at a highly military secret maneuver?  People who live in glass houses, should not throw stones!
This man needs some SERIOUS help!
But you approved the hacking and leaking of DNC and HRC's nails, is somebody forgetting how he cheered and refused to admit the Russian breach of servers.
Ricardo Rossello - Building a Stronger and Better Puerto Rico Post-Maria - Extended Interview https://on.cc.com/2vOJXOP  via @comedycentral
@realDonaldTrump you didn't know you were incriminating yourself when you fired Comey... so?
You lie every day,
hahahahahahahahaha........your base believes you ..........but most of america and the world believes JAMES COMEY
well isn't this the pot calling the kettle black?  
Only you are the lyer in this. It's all you do. WE don't believe you!
A private conversation with you is not CLASSIFIED information! You actually believe if you say it enough it will be true! Laughable!
No, Nunes leak clasdifief info rt out your hands, then you told the russians! Vladamir trump the treasonous gump! Melanias more man than youll ere be, trump the chump
It WASN'T CLASSIFIED sir.

We all now label @comey in the likeness of lying, unethical, @BillClinton who played games with the public depending on what the definition of "is" is.
And what do we label Trump when it comes to lying and leaks?
Mr. President.
Yes he did Mr. Trump.  He absolutely has lost ALL credibility and is a weak link.
Maybe someone who lies without any appearance of guilt! Definitely not someone who should have been the Director of the FBI! Manipulation of facts for certain!!!
Fire Sessions and put Trey Gowdy in charge of sending swamp creatures to life sentences.
The irony.
You don’t know your butt from a whole in the ground
THANK YOU PRESIDENT AND GOD BLESS YOU AND THE FIRST FAMILY..#GodBlessAmerica #MAGA

Projecting much?
We can't believe what you are doing. What a sick joke
Well Mr Trump your in a pickle yourself
@Twitter is filtering Trump tweet history if it contained negative language, or directly attacks someone by name. WTF? Are convinced now?

Menu>
"Report Tweet"
"It's harnful and abusive
"It's targeted Harrassment".
Review list of Tweets.
#ReleaseTheTexts
#DrianTheSwamp
The country believes you not Comey. I never thought I'd see North and South Korea end the war and it's thanks to you. What do we do in order to ensure a Nobel Peace Prize goes to you? Obama got one for doing nothing
He’s neither sick or dumb He’s running scared of Deep State’s suicide squad
Is everybody believing what is going on. I leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION and colluded  with the russians but republiKKKans don’t understand how serious this is. I lied all over the place to cover it up. I'm either very sick or very dumb. Remember stormy!
Dumb but maybe sly as a fox. Trying to cover his own arse but just not smart enough to pull it off.
Comeys history with money laundering for drug cartels with HSBC allowing McCabe to shut down investigation into Oleg Deripaska due to their friendship, 2008 McCain Presidential run funded by russia through Oleg Deripaska, Hillary Clintons Espionage selling SCIF secrets via server
Comey is very sick and very dumb!!! He is soooo guilty!!! And soooo dumb!!
I think both. 
Mr. President: YOU are the one who risks leaking classified information by talking on your unprotected phone.
@realDonaldTrump @SecNielsen @SecNielsen @MarkWarner @timkaine Can we actually get some work done? Thousands of American small businesses are dying due to the lack of #h2b workers. Get off of twitter and help us!
Train wreck at the Whitehouse. He is not attending the popular whitehouse correspondence dinner and he doing everything to destroy the rule of law and United States constitution and demicratic ideals.
He is doing everything to destroy the rule of law, the United States constitution and democratic ideals.

Which policies are those?
Reversing everything on the meme!
It's called the end of Socialist using Progressives to do their dirty work.
Define leak? When Comey pissed in your mouth!!!hahahahahaab
He is a idiot! The fact that he could sell even one book, is disturbing.
Think maybe you just were describing your self?? Dummy!
Well you are the biggest liar in the world, I won’t be excited to see you in Britain, neither will many other brits, I’m sick of listening to your lies and inflated ego where u need praise and claim praise when it’s not earned. I feel sorry for America !
What the hell

Pot-to-kettle
It’s hard to believe that he was the head of the FBI and he seems floppy on everything. He simply has his own agendas’ and no firm principles. Disgraceful.
We don't know camey much but we do know you very well Mr. President cut the comedy and leave
He is exploiting the weakness of the system https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/798438 … #comey #Trump #trending
Pot calling the kettle black moment...biggest USA liar is trump himself
And yet you pardoned a convicted liar & leaker Scooter Libby..
I believe every word Comey said.
Comey, FBI Chief, doesn’t know what leak is, what Uranium One is, couldn’t find Hillary emails, Ben Gazzee fake video, Clinton foundation $ laundering ,He knows nothing about anything. How did this useless, ignorant liar ever become FBI Chief. Total reprobate, MAGA 
James Comey and Mueller are corrupt jerkoffs!!
He's both!
Me. President it’s only wrong if someone does something about it. If the cowards in the DOJ do nothing then it must be acceptable. Get your AG to do something or step down. Bring the coward Sessions to task.
Double standards need to end. Lock up Comey and Hillary!!!!
But somehow he’s not under investigation. But you are
U need to keep ur mouth shut because u don't know what wrong from right is. U r doing everything wrong. I thought building the wall was a right thing, but its not. We don't need to build a wall to jeep the Mexicans out. Yeah they should have a green card 2 come across the boarder
You’re sick and dumb. Stop projecting what you are onto other people. RESIGN ALREADY. NOBODY LIKES YOU! YOU’RE WORTHLESS.
You've done so much illegal ish its mind blowing, yet you call out Comey?? Too busy to buy a gift, huh?
“Remember sailor!” is the phrase that alerts @realDonaldTrump’s KGB handlers that he is ready for exfiltration
Time to call a plumber. ;)

Oh, my God, you are so very immature! "It is the pot calling the kettle black!" 
I will know and every other "true American" will too, that due your very psychotic mind that what you accuse others like Comey, of is what YOU yourself is or is doing! Sir, you picked the wrong job!
Comey is an Idiot.......he  deserved  being  fired....
Both,  sick and dumb....
Nobody is listening to the old man yelling at clouds.  The clouds dont care and you just look insane at this point. Sad! I feel bad that nothing makes you happy, but refuse to let you ruin my country.
Comey thinks HE "is" the law.  His arrogance exceeds his fear of justice.

Even phony memos are classified, wow
He is part of the lying swamp!!!
Turning a story around doesn’t help you
your butt leaks #depends
Nobody believes his lies Prez. He is starving for attention.
Criminal Comey should not be Making money on his Machinations and Malfeasance in Office. Tanked the Investigation of Mob Boss Hillary. FBI is suppose to be Above Reproach. Not Political. Comey Messed up BIG Time
Comey is not a leaker because his notes were not classified..., Trump is a bold-face LIAR...!!!
Fox News is so fake, they only want to please the president but wait ! For a mistake happen and ALLL WILL BE FIRED!! Hahahaha
Sounddlike Hillary, she said the same thing about her e mails.  Just more lies, no honor or integrity

Comey thinks classified is listed items for sale in the newspaper.  So if it's not a car, boat or pet it must be unclassified!
Liar liar - Dotard!!
Ring ring.... hey Kettle, this is Pot ... you’re black.
He's sick and dumb and he's a criminal
Hey Con Job : 
When you're writing checks to attorneys it might be wise to take the advice you're paying for.
No one believes Comey. He lives in his own reality in his head! The most arrogant , PUFFERHEAD I've ever seen on fox! I'm sure we haven't heard the last of him! Scary to think how long he's been able to slime around in DC! Scary?  He was head of FBI!
#IgnoreMueller
You? Complain about people lying? Really? Pot. Kettle. Black.

Just because you’re so arrogant and narcissistic you can lie for 11 hours straight with that look on her face, doesn’t make it factual.
Him & so many others are in denial, & that is on so many levels and the ones who knows this & the ones allowing this to go on & on, well - They're in denial too... Jsaying, your right President Trump & Here - we thank you for knowing better & for making things better for us... :)
Godbless to y'all, us all... Amen :)
I say both!
Resign
Your lies are nonstop. You lie about things you don't even have to lie about.  A fraud.  #ResignNow
Comey is acting like any other criminal that is being accused of a crime... Squirm Comey squrim .. Hey lets make a new style of dance..We will call it the squirm...Making the world great again..............T...............
Guess who LIES more, YOU! We have proofs- tweets and taped interviews. Just the other day, you admitted knowing Cohen paid Stormy andyou said he did very little legal work for you. NOT VERY BRIGHT answers.
You're truly the most disgusting person on this planet.
No, he’s just a freaking, backstabbing traitor who hates your success more than he loves our country. He loves his “favors,” given from the left. And, he deserves to be in GITMO with those already exposed, and those to come. Plus, he’sprobablyfearfulHillary willhavehimmurdered

Ignorance, is no excuse for the law
Should you really be the one saying that some one is lying. When you have told over 2000!!!
He's neither dumb nor sick. You're thinking of yourself.
WWG1WGA
Please stop Mr. President
You fired Comey because he started to look into the Russians meddling in the elections. Just like you got mad when Congress imposed the Russia sanctions
Stop deflecting from the Russian investigation.
Looks  like you are the sick one. Ordering polygraph testing, only to protect you and the fallout from leaks. What happened to your oath to protect country from the Russians.  What are you doing about that?
