Nobody has more respect for strong women more than President Trump
From Korea to the Middle East to skies above, America is WINNING again
The FAKE NEWS media has become the enemy of the American People
Keep up the Great work Mr. President. America is behind you 100%
That’s because Trumps busy with his SUPERMODEL WIFE... keep hating liberals. We’re winning.
Kanye is finally on Bitcoin train Trump.

Now it’s your turn. Let’s get the US to accept Bitcoin as legal tender.
Right- also bitcoin as official us currency - ps as aliens eating my brain?   also, intersesting note- I am a frog ? and also is anything real ?  yes-- but. q anon?  well- people say say yes. #hudydmmdmd
Speaking of heroes, have you ever heard of a guy named James Shaw Jr.?  His complexion is a little darker than the folks in this video. Maybe it would be good to invite him to the WH. Or at least mention his name.  Enjoy FoxNews this evening.
Oh you mean the guy they’ve reached out to, per Sarah Huckabee Sanders at the press conference today?
Oh, well if she said it then it *must* be true.
One other thing... why do you jump right to the *potential* negative in my statement? It’s almost like you WANT it to be untrue. Like, why wouldn’t you want this to be true?
Not at all. I *do* want it to be true. But she is in the business of covering for her boss and I don't believe that he has any intention of meeting with Mr. Shaw. I really hope that I'm wrong.
Me too, man. I try to see the good in things (for the most part). Hoping someone fails while he’s leading OUR country is foolish.
I'm disgusted by him, but I don't hope he fails. Every once in a while he says or does something that seems constructive.
And those are normal feelings in a 2 party system. One side is usually pissed off, disgusted, irrational and the other side is obnoxious, arrogant, and irrational. Ha
Not very good ratings for the invites.  There were 147 people on board Flight 1380.  There seem to be less than 20 at the White House
More Trump Doctor Leaked secrets
Oh Sarah, when was this standard procedure? You really think Americans are fools!
Donald Trump steals from his own Doctor! And he wants the Nobel Peace Prize.
Seizure of Trump's medical records 'standard operating procedure,' White House says
EVEN IF SHS was correct...they "wouldn't" be collected by a "Bodyguard, Lawyer and unnamed 3rd person."
#TrumpCrimeFamily

Yeah, Trump is SUCH a patriot. He hates free speech, freedom of the press, separation of powers and due process.

Do you even know what America IS? Nope.

We are just so blessed to have her as our First Lady. This is something else Donald Trump did right and it definitely makes him a winner. 
You are  % right
And she is just as sweet and beautiful on the inside. If you just watch her with children, you know she is a very good person.
Yeah, shame about that pornstar thing, ain’t it?
Cuckoo Cuckoo!
You sound like a clock! I guess it’s 5:00 somewhere
Very nice
So tell me, when will you have James Shaw Junior, the black man who was the hero in the waffle house shooting?
Over 1 WK since  @WaffleHouseShooting claimed 4 lives & #JamesShawJr wrestled gun from white supremacist #TravisReinking. 

@VP acknowledged his heroism 5 DAYS later. #Trump has said NOTHING.

That’s what happens when victims & hero are people of color.
I guess black-heroes don’t fit into your racist narrative Trump! I’m sure you didn’t go see #BlackPanther for that very reason.

#WakandaForever
Trump is a vile, racist, white supremacist, disgrace to the entire nation and the world!
Nah i think the only disgrace here is the lies you are trying to spread about Trump.
What lies??! The #AssholeInChief LITERALLY hasn't mentioned the 4 victims or #HeroJamesShaw. 
LITERALLY said NOTHING.

If the shooter was brown or black tho?? #FuckTrump 
#Racist 
#SayHisName 
#HeroJamesShaw 
Using race as a point will not work. Shootings by whites have been covered.   Shootings are a very touchy subject one wrong thing said affect him badly.
Grab that glory Cheeto! Sad!
Dope. Moron. Idiot. And Traitor.
I think you need to change your tone Donald. It’s too offensive – at Baskin-Robbins




Mr. President,  I worked 5.4 yrs as Air Force contractor/Nursing.  I can save the gov't MILLIONS of dollars.  There is a lot of bad decision making & waste that goes on. The recruitment process is bad. Contact me.
Trump and Pruitt rolling back protections to man, beast, sea and land. Nobel Peace Prize Unworthy!
Is it Really Worth the Convenience? 6 Ways Plastic is Harming Animals, the Planet and Us - One Green Planet https://www.onegreenplanet.org/environment/how-plastic-is-harming-animals-the-planet-and-us/ … via @onegreenplanet
If you are going to speak out, then post specifics ........ tired of your jabs without your backup ...... where is your proof?
Trump BROKE! Needed Prez Job To Stop Plane Repo

#satire
Lol, right!
3-follower Trumper bot #putinbot #Bot #RESIST #TheResistance #StillWithHer #Resistance #ViveLaResistance

Let’s talk about your kid with the housekeeper.
Does anyone remember lard ass getting up out of the chair to shake OUR female hero fighter pilots hand?

Do you ever say anything that isn't true?
I’m sure they felt differently about meeting you.
No one forced them to attend, they all seemed happy to be there to me. Why all the stupidity and hate?


It doesn’t have a Russian return address
Oh, so presidential. Clown.
What about @JamesShawJr9
A nice gesture. They should be recognized.
Now, how about mentioning James Shaw Jr., who did what he did not because it was his job, but just because he saw a gunman about to make his daughter lose her daddy?
Or would that be a problem with the upcoming #NRA convention visit?
Why have you been completely silent on this?
Is it because the hero and the victims were all black, while the gunman was white?
Is it because it didn't take a "good guy with a gun" to take down a "bad guy with a gun?"
Is is because this was at a Waffle House, and not a McDonald's?
Is it because the killer was not Muslim?
Is it because you're afraid of amplifying anything that might offend the @NRA?
Seriously, I. Just. Don't. Understand.

Really? "Splinternews?" Been looking hard for that one..
Okay, how about Politico?
Just to let you know it’s the same.
Trump has not reached out to him yet.
It said, he, Shaw, had not responded to Politico inquiries. So......????
Jude, the point of this is not Politico’s outreach. They can at least PROVE they did.
If there was proof that the WH has actually reached out or contacted him,
Sarah Sanders would be shouting it from the rooftops instead of give that dodge of an answer.
She, and those with TRUTH, don't need to "shout from the roof tops". Light (right) disperses darkness (lies) in ways that proves beyond doubt. So time tells, meanwhile people who are foolish spread lies, then look REALLY foolish later.
LOL 
I would be a bit careful with that as this White House has not exactly a beacon of truth!
...but I’ll remember what you’ve said here...
Time tells. Trump is definitely not perfection. But then, are you? Am I? He's willing to stand up an try to help America. For one time, look into the good that has happened, without letting negative overshadow. Not telling you to ingnore other things, just take good into acct.
America has weapons of mass destruction and has perfected the Art of mass distraction!
Ooooh, look! A badger!
Simple Simon the Amateur writer! lol
Says the guy who said distraction instead of destruction and then got mocked with a witty comment you fool. Lol
More Trump Doctor Leaks.
TACTIC TO AVOID TWITTER JAIL: If you read an abusive text from a liberal toward #POTUS or anyone DON’T engage in conversation. Report them to Twitter as offensive. Use Twitter rules against them. RT

Raid on Trump’s doctor’s home is a totalitarian state tactic
Well work
Anything for James Shaw?
Why didn’t you welcome the guy who saved everyone at Waffle House, bitch?
That man is black. These ppl are not.
He also did it unarmed.  Strike two.
Why are you addressing his skin colour as if it held any relevance?
Trump is a racist.
you need to understand that the media is controlled by people. Some good some bad.
I understand.  Thanks!
No. You don't. First understand propaganda. I recommend 1984 and a book about Joseph Goebell. Next understand the political and sinful motives behind propaganda, defamation and lying. I recommend the Bible and the reason people wish to migrate to the West.
PROPECIA= Bald and impotent.
They are true heros. Meanwhile, you need to send someone out to buy you a Thesaurus so you can learn some synonyms for your overused word ‘honor’ (or as you sometimes spell it, ‘honer’). And you could also look up the spelling/meaning of counsel/council/“councel”,etc
1.6 MILLION VIEWS!! PRESIDENT TRUMP YOU ARE AMAZING
When will you thank @JamesShawJr9
he did


Hey, send the boys over to Raid the Candy man!!
Like they really care what you think 
Killing our wildlife, our oceans and land for greed!
Trump the Terrible!
Vote Blue 
“5 Animals Threatened by Arctic Oil Drilling” by @SFscribe
It’s was a great honor to vote for you Mr. President. 
Thanks, True American Patriots
Patriots have no skin color when we we choose to be colorblind to one another.
I know this tweet isn’t about hate and it’s about heroism. But I wanted to remind people...
I wear tennis shoes to work. What do you wear?
Military boots
So no work boots either?
They are boots I wear for work m, you know... work boots.
What if the people on your picture wair those shoes to work. Wouldn't that make them work shoes?
A rare moment of truth and clarity...
Toxic Trump and Poisonous Pruitt are harming all of you!
Vote Blue 
WHO: 7 million people a year die from air pollution
Most of them probably think you're an absolute fool!
You’re a fool for following someone just to write that. Grow the F up.
2 bot above.
Confessions from Trump's doctor...........
I couldn't help but notice that your hands are far tinier than those of any of the people that you are shaking hands with
Enough with the tiny hands comments you hypocrites would be chastised if you were mocking the features of someone like with down syndrome but you feel it’s OK to mock his features. 
So you're saying we should treat Trump just like a kid with downs syndrome. lol
Nowhere in my comment did I suggest or imply that kids should be bullied.
“So you're saying we should treat Trump just like a kid with downs syndrome. lol”

Uhhhh, yes you did Blanche, you did 
Nope. Try again.
Hint: I said he should be treated like one, as in he shouldn't be President. We don't bully kids. Maybe you do and that's why your head went there. 


Liberals are offended by shirts? LOL
No, I think they're funny. Trumptards are offended by comedians.
Liberals are offended by tweets
Trumptards are offended by the truth.
I'm not offended at all that Donald J. trump is your president, and there is nothing more true than that.
Not mine. You can have him. Take my share of that tax cut with you.
Inspiring!
Waffle House hero???
Keep the good work moving, Sir @realDonaldTrump. May the good lord keep strengthening you.
James Shaw
Clearly, you’re scared as hell, @POTUS. And you should be. We The People, #Congress, #Mueller & #Rosenstein are coming for you & your grifter family with the full protection of our beautiful #Constitution & our democratic judicial process. @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump

Real men—Real women. A beautiful site!
How about a few public words of thanks to James Shaw Jr., who saved lives in Tennessee?
They deserve to be honored. Are you going to honor a wonderful man named James Shaw Jr?
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/trump-says-he-would-have-run-florida-school-n851266 …

#JAMESSHAWJR 
Real HEROES don’t TALK about it
They Just DO IT 
He can't even attend #WHCD without fear of taking fire there. @realDonaldTrump is a coward. Now Mr. Shaw he did exactly that. He was unarmed and took down a shooter saving more lives. Trump hasn't even tweeted about that. So take your lies and make space for the real hero.
Mr. Cadet Bonespur aka 5 drafts dodger will have none of that. He lives in a bubble.
Time to pop the bubble.
Your lawyer, Sekulow, compiled the list of 49 questions from notes Dowd took when Mueller told him the questions he wanted to ask Trump. Since Mueller never put the questions on paper, the leak could only have come from you. You’re the biggest leak in the WH!
Why would you leak those questions? To send a message to targets and witnesses about the questions they should expect, of course! But, Donald, that’s witness tampering.
By leaking some of Mueller’s questions, you’re also continuing to obstruct justice. And Donald? You say there are no questions on conspiracy—what you call “collusion”—but there are at least thirteen of them. The rest have to do with your obstruction of justice subsequent to it.
Another tactic of yours backfires! Are you really surprised? You shoot yourself in the foot ALL the time!
Not one POC? That’s rather telling.
They look absolutely thrilled to be there.
I notice you've been #tweeting the term "it was my great honor..." quite often.

Who told you to write that? It SO isn't your "voice" and is so obviously not coming from you.

You wouldn't know #honor if you paid it $130,000 in #HushMoney.

"#IHearYou"
#FakeFeelings
#NoSoul
#MAGA
Still no mention of this heroic person @JamesShawJr9? could it be his skin color as too why? Shame on you you incredibly RACIST individual.
A better caption would be America waiting for Hillery to be arrested, tried and hung.
Hey since you’re on the subject of “heroes” when do you plan on publicly acknowledging James Shaw Jr (the Waffle House hero who disarmed a domestic terrorist). Would it make a difference if he were white and the terrorist was brown or black-skinned?

And of course everything he says is scripted, he can't even thank anyone with out someone else writing it down for him. It does not sound very sincere at all.
And you sound like a bitter, sad person.
Lol! Yeah, wasn’t it Obama who *never* spoke without a TelePrompter! 
Want a Nixon/China kind of legacy? Watch for 2 minutes and learn.
Jay Mata Ki Jay Sir good afternoon 7/ years before God sends letter for America Canada both country government's government's government' governments God say future respect BAHADUR Mata or BAHADUR and security for BAHADUR but bloody full both country government's sleeping standup
Like they haven't been through enough already
What about the heroic black man at the Waffle House shooting who actually saved lives? The real hero on the SouthWest flight is the pilot, and crew members too. The passengers are survivors of that pilots fantastic skills. I think it’s great to honor them,but U 4got a hero though
Since you wrongly took credit for no commercial airline deaths last year, I guess you're to blame for the one this year.
How about thanking James Shaw Jr..  Since you don't seem to know who he is:  James Shaw Jr. - unarmed- disarmed a crazed,  hall naked,  WHITE man with an ASSAULT STYLE RIFLE and saved countless  lives.  AND... he is paying for the funerals of the FOUR killed that day.
Still no James Shaw? Why haven’t you mentioned him?
SAY THEIR NAMES! #JameShawJRIsAHero #TaureanCSanderlin #JoeRPerez #DeEbonyGroves #AkilahDaSilva #TaureanCSanderlin #JoeRPerez #DeEbonyGroves #AkilahDaSilva #TaureanCSanderlin #JoeRPerez #DeEbonyGroves #AkilahDaSilva #TaureanCSanderlin #JoeRPerez #DeEbonyGroves #AkilahDaSilva
What a brave young man! This country needs more like him. We are very honored that he is an America Hero!
.@realDonaldTrump DESERVES #NobelPeacePrize #NobelPeacePrizeForTrump
45000 people die per year for lack of healthcare in US and tens of thousands go bankrupt and homeless. Noble Peace prize isn't appropriate.
I keep checking the Constitution for the part that authorizes the President to send his personal bodyguard to raid a doctor’s office without a warrant. I’ll let you know if I find it.  Hay Yo vinny we got ta send da boys over to get that constitution thing
We are being set up. Threat. Past Booms - TX bombs New Booms - Plane crash + Plane/17 drop. These people are sick. Attempt to prevent drops / awakening. Conspiracy? Coincidence? Response coming. Q
"Was Mr. Trump aware of any efforts by his campaign, and specifically by his former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, to seek Russia’s help in winning the 2016 election?"
How about James Shaw, is he coming to the White House?
I’m with you President Trump 
Nice PR! How about honouring #JamesShawJr for his heroic act? Oh that’s right, he’s black.

#EndRacism
#TrumpIsARacist
Alan. Welcome aboard. Plane. 17. Q
How nice...why have you not invited James Shaw, Jr., who actually STOPPED A MASS KILLER WITH HIS BARE HANDS after FOUR people died??  Hmmmm...I think we all know the answer to THAT...your Klan would not approve.
Some people must stay up all night thinking up crap like this.......
The shooting AND the heroism was in the news all over the world, so no one had to “stay up nights” wondering why POTUS offered NO “thoughts/prayers” for Mr. Shaw or ANY of the 4 innocent victims...which he & the GOP ALWAYS do for white victims...
Is this America? Really?  Nov6
That's why, like the crew on Fit 1380, we remain strong, calm & cool because of our country's 'pilot', @realDonaldTrump 
The most powerful president in the world is Donald Trump
Greatest @POTUS of our lifetime 
Lol 
And the Waffle House guy is where?
Raising money for the victims families. Being a REAL hero and role model.

How about the Waffle House HERO? Where’s his welcome, where’s his attention?
Proves that @realDonaldTrump is a racist.
Gooooooooooo Southwest!
Good thing the pilot was white. We know how you can never praise a person of color for heroism.
How about James Shaw?  You know, the unarmed hero who doesn’t fit your narrative? Not even a tweet of acknowledgement. Sad.
What about the guy who saved people in the Waffle House shooting? What are you doing to help out Puerto Rico, "Brownie"? No power there, despite your bluster. Please do your job and let others do theirs. You are not above the law!
“NOT GUILTY! NO COLLUSION!! WITCH HUNT!!! BELIEVE ME!” Sounds like a cornered con man. Believe me.
No mention of the heroic passengers who held on to Jennifer to stop her being pulled out of the aircraft, they should be applauded for their actions
Wake up and smell the Propecia.
Bornstein won.
When is James Shaw coming to the White House?
Hey Trump! I think I missed you inviting/honoring Shaw for single handedly stopping the shooter with his bare hands! Or did you skip him because a) color or b)  the NRA???? #TheResistance #FBR #BlueWave2018 #ResignNow #MarchForOurLives #NeverAgain
Here’s another hero ... you forgot to mention.
Get ready to honor the next round of @SouthwestAir employees who had to make an emergency landing because of a broken window... #theyneednewplanes
#MAGA
mental
While you’re on the subject of honors, why haven’t you acknowledged the heroic actions of James Shaw Jr. who stopped a mass shooter from completing his insane mission by disarming him, he was carrying a AR/15, what is holding you back, NRA, race what?
How would POTUS feel about a video game that honors the work of police SWAT? Even if it is a little violent and gritty, depicting the type of events we see around the world today..
It’s too violent for him.
Thanks for reply...I blieve he caught his son playing video games and possibly didn't like it. Not that Ready Or Not is designed for POTUS, but was just wondering how he felt about these things.
What...? 
Did you forget to wear pants?
Stand up like a gentleman
When you acknowledge these
remarkable people.
But then he couldn’t read that paper on his desk, which he so clearly needs to pretend to be human.
Then thanking Elaine Chow for her incredible leadership????
Air plane engines crumbling, 
 trains derailing,
Cruise ships are toxic waste dumps,...yeah
Good job @SecChow
These brave individuals deserved recognition for their heroism,especially the pilot. 

However, why do you choose to have photo ops with some heroes & not others (e.g. James Shaw Jr)?

Also, why do you sit at your desk with your backs to everyone, making handshakes so awkward? 
Because the purpose of the event is for him to shine in their reflected glory
Yes, it’s a wonder he doesn’t have a mirror in front of him so he can see his reflection 24/7. 

As you say, the guests are mere props in his WH reality TV show, and he of course is the shining star 
Lots of love and good heart in the Oval Office!

Two year investigation. No collusion. No hint of collusion. Just lots of lying by the Democrats. You’re beating a dead horse. Now let’s talk Hillary destroying emails and selling our Uranium to Russia. 
HILLARY - RUSSIA - COLLUSION- TREASON
Do I need to count up all the indictments for you?
Sure, let’s see all this indictments against Trump!
How many indictments where during Obama’s presidency?  Zero
I’m waaaaaaiting! I’ll remind you: You offered to tell me the many indictments against our wonderful President. Do tell!  Put Up or Shut Up!

WOW! This is sounding worse and worse for Schiller and Garten. Bornstein is clearly saying he was robbed of his property (the records are his property) and they actually entered the premises w/o permission. …
I remember your tweet about flight safety are you going to delete it?

So why have you totally ignored and snubbed the brave man who disarmed a mass murderer at a Waffle House, without using a gun, but with his heroism, bravery and brawn....oh thats right, he is black so I guess that answers why. You are so sadly transparent
Great job!! Keep it up!

Dear Mr. President
Please Help Iranian Ppl who are being oppressed Ferociously by the Silly Authorities that are seeking war & trouble in every corner of the World
GREAT. They all demonstrated courage, determination and compassion. Tammie Joe Shults, Captain of the flight 1380, was unbelievably brave and calm. Others also the same, filled with compassion, warmth, courage and cohesion.
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic #White crew members & passengers of SoWest Airlines Flight 1380.

No, I haven't heard about any Waffle House. I only go to McDonald's.

 Waffle House Hero #donate and RT RT RT
God bless the crew and passengers. Thank you Mr. President for honoring their heroics at the WH.
That lady could have landed that aircraft on a carrier. Thank you mr president for honoring regular people
Are you going to mention how you wrote your own letter on how you would be the healthiest Potus ever???? Lmao, no normal Dr. Would  write that, I think all thinking people knew ridiculous you wrote it.
And yet no acknowledgment of the young man in Nashville who disarmed the murderer with the AR-15. Why?

You are a good egg mr president 
Can’t the Democrats just say one nice thing?  Keep America Great!  No greater sacrifice, no greater reward!  Love you President Trump!  You are truly a Great American and have a heart of gold for all of us!  Your leadership is what we have needed in DC for years!  Thank you!
And God bless Jennifer and her family.
Couldn't you at least stand up?
Lots of women there. Did you try to grab any of them by the p*ssy?

#TrumpRussia
The lady pilot was just amazing. Super calm, reserved, and fully aware of all the issues. She must be give the greatest acknowledgement,. On the other hand South West planes are just old recycled junk that are never serviced properly. This is not the first fan blade that broke.
.

                        WILL TODAY BE THE DAY THE COME FOR YOU?

.
What about the African American gentleman from the Nashville area Waffle house Mr.President, he got shot.
They are heroes.  So is James Shaw Jr.  Why are you ignoring his heroism?  Is it because you don’t feel the need to recognize a black hero or honor black victims?
@RealDonaldTrump @POTUS 
Know that we are NOT getting your TWEETs!!!  
I am so tired of the Twitzer #shadowban 
#FreeSpeech
#Shadowbanned
#LetPotusTweet
#WWG1WGA
#Coincidence? 
#StopShadowbanningPOTUS
Mujahedeen Khalgh the asshole people who kill and crim then hid between other people to save them till others are kill and charge and hurt by Islamic Republic.
Mujahedeen Khalgh are not different from IR
Just #restart_opposition

I may not like Trump and maybe half the people standing up there don't either but it's the mutual respect he has for their actions and them for his office.
It will be #Mueller's great honor to welcome you to a prison cell. That will be heroic indeed!
Today, it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the @WhiteHouse! 
Hey Donny Bonespurs!...funny how a black man single-handedly took down a shooter at a Waffle House and saved many lives and not even a peep from you...but an all white flight crew gets a party at the white house!
Hey Donny Bonespurs...funny how a black man single-handedly took down a shooter at a Waffle House and saved many lives and not even a peep from you...but an all white flight crew gets a party at the white house!!
What about the Waffle House hero? You cant even tweet about him, let alone invite him to the WH.
Hey Donny Bonespurs...funny how a black man single-handedly took down a shooter at a Waffle House and saved many lives and not even a peep from you...but an all white flight crew gets a party at the white house!!!

Yet another woman doing a great job. I’m sure that will make you happy to have yet another woman in your presence that is better at their job than you.
Hey Donny Bonespurs...funny how a black man single-handedly took down a shooter at a Waffle House and saved many lives and not even a peep from you...but an all white flight crew gets a party at the white house!
God bless them all
Hey Mr President, how is thar White House invite to James Shaw, Jr coming along?  Why have you not invited him yet????
When are tou goings to die. Everybody hates you soooooo much. And yeah fuck them folks. Where dude at that stopped more black people from being killed??????
Get out of your chair and stand up and shake their hands, you Lazy Ass.
God, don’t you think those people have suffered enough
Un président plein d'hospitalité tjour souriant qui !!Donald
#POTUS - he licked #StormyDaniels's bunghole #BREAKING - then paid her not to brag about it (then lied about doing THAT) - then ADMITTED it after being caught.
HAHAHAHAAAA
We LOVE YOU Trump. Strong talented women love strong talented Men
The trauma of the flight should have been enough, but then they had to go through the horror of meeting you? SAD.
Hey Donny Bonespurs!...funny how a black man single-handedly took down a shooter at a Waffle House and saved many lives and not even a peep from you...but an all white flight crew gets a party at the white house!!
@SouthwestAir your flight crew was amazing sorry you had them meet with #RantingGuiltyMan as he is a corrupt liar & it’s never an honor to meet someone as corrupt as he is 50+ years of corruptions! He belongs in prison! #PutinsPuppet #TraitorTrump #MuellerInvestigation

weres the black people?  this is 2018 things got 2 be fair  pal, you cant just congratulate a group of white folks like that.  atleast  get somebody in a wheel chair or something in the shot,  anything .
April 17, 17th row window! Q! Deep state slime! What caused 2 airplanes to have engine explosions on same day? Coincidence?  #QAnon #GreatAwakening #MAGA
Another one of there derelict old planes had to make an emergency landing today because of a cracked window.  

And the last thing Southwest Airlines should be doing now is showing up with you in a photo.  You are toxic!
You are cool#trumpiboi#
I see you have put a piece of paper on your desk. Still looks unused though.
Heroic passengers? Tell us more.
....at least, the few who showed up.
How about you do the same for the man that tackled a white supremacist that killed people at Waffle House. He prevented many more deaths and raised money for the victims funerals.
Say it out loud Trump lied about his physical   he wrote his medical form...saying he was the healthiest candidate ever
He actually is. But logic isnt what the left is interested in.

Prove him wrong kiddo. Cant just dismiss it.
#maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod  #maregod
They were close to death and they come to see you???
Flew South West Air yesterday. Very very good  flightgood good travel.
Too bad they can't save your presidency
