By the way no one on Fox News will host it as none of them have a sense of humor.
If FauxNews would host it, Dotard and his fake friends would be the only ones attending. 
That’s the truth.
Maybe you guys could make even more pro abortion jokes next time, journalist proved just how nasty and anti, life anti American they are, sad.
By the way protesting and voicing your opinion is very American. We aren’t sheep who have to follow the leader, especially when the leader is as divisive as Trump.
Psalm 46:10
Be still, and know that I am #God; I will be exalted among the #nations, I will be exalted in the #earth!
#Jesus is our #Lord #FollowJesus  #OneNationUnderGOD
#GOD is with us #RedeemerLives  #OneNationUnderGOD
DONALD TRUMP IS SO POOR..... 

 

Michelle was BRILLIANT!
How poor is he?
He’s so poor he had to get loans from Russia because US banks will no longer loan him any money due to his defaulting on previous loans.  

I know, this isn’t funny, but it’s true.
Yup. That’s it. He exhausted his financial options in US and went to Russia for money. That’s what this is all about. Now he has to lie to cover it up
Yep! So poor he's not taking a paycheck. Ever wonder how a community organizer became a multimillionaire after being president? No that would require thinking.
You don't have to take a pay check when you already robbing the people.. Name a buisness man that works for free?? Mmmmmm oh I know  Bloomberg....
By the way if you’re tweeting about it then it mean it was a success.
Good one Ginny u r not so CRAZY @ all.
I’m fun crazy and not psycho crazy. There’s a YUGE and BIGLY difference.
Nope, you are just plain “I have no brain & let others think for me” crazy.
White House could send @SarahHuckabee a room full of flowers put it on our tax bill would be nice gesture she took the hardest hit, least deserving.  The woman is a powerhouse speaker no one can knock her down. Go Sarah! 
We have enuf of our tax $$'s going to w/e golf trips, rallies, his cabinet's furniture, phone booths, 1st class travel. One place I dont want my tax $ going is to lyin' Sarah.
Trump isn't claiming a salary
Oh please. He takes much more than that measley old prez salary. Double M-A-L dues, foreign and gop hold mtgs at his hotels, makes money off us each time he goes to play golf on cart fees, rooms (which he raised the rates on), etc. Dont tell me he doesn't take a salary. Call BS.
He doesn't take a salary, of course there are expenses but I'd pay any price for peace
Not talking about peace here. I'm talking his using taxpayer money to put in his own pocket. Those expenses are his income. YOU pay it if you like it so much.
Greedy one who cares bout money rather then creating peace
Sounds like your handlers let you escape again.
Good morning, Mr President!
Just let #WHCD continue to expose who these people really are, what they really believe, and how hypocritical they are when they preach to us about ethics, fairness,  and virtues.
She was hilarious!
You are right Wasshington is not reality !
You should have attended, to show them how insult comedy is really done!
You liberals need to know this. You don't have to respect the man, but you have to respect his title
FIX FLINT! THE CHILDREN NEED CLEAN WATER!!!
Now every serious person in America sees how correct Pres. Trump has been all along about those despicable hypocrites in the White House press corps.
Everyone saw cleary the White House Correspondents Ass’n “Dinner” openly embracing  anti-women sexism & hate filled tirade against democracy, and outright bullying of wonderful Sarah Sanders. Why should anyone believe anything they say ever again?
It is time to move the press corps out of the White House offices they occupy. They do Not deserve the honor of stepping foot in the People’s house.
Don't know why not!!# Trumps allowed in!!!!
Trump Best President
LMFAO! Yep. Mrs Wolf and her stand-up routine at the White House Correspondents Dinner, triggered the fragile ego'd orange bawl buster. 

I was wondering how long this would take.
You're an embarrassment sir. If this! is change in politics and draining a swamp, then throw me into the deep end of a pool filled with actual alligators and flesh shredding piranhas, any time!
While Michelle Wolf brilliantly roasted the shit out of you, Donnie. She mentioned that you might not actually be as rich as you proclaim. Can you comment?

Maaaaaybe certain tax returns might clear it up for us? maybe? Just sayeen Sir.
James shaw. Any comments? haha Just kidding. I keep forgetting how black he is......
mMm Good book. Totally informative and truthful stuff.
No need for a meeting of the demented minds. For Kim Jong Un, its *Mission accomplished*

Too soon?

Love you POTUS
He doesn’t love you back just saying
Cmon now!  Really?  Stop the hate!  This guy is as American as apple pie!
Enough career politicians!
You are delusional.  If you want to stop the hate, talk to the source, ie Spanky!  What honorable POTUS calls a murderer Honorable? Especially one that imprisoned and tortured to death an American College student? American as Apple Pie?  He's protecting an enemy that attacked us!



Sweetie, Trump doesn't need ANY help making himself look bad.  And if you think we want ANYTHING bad to happen to America....that makes you the "MORON OF THE CENTURY"...and to even suggest such a thing makes you look very UNPatriotic! But, you have a blessed day darling!
James she is obviously miserable at all the success this country is now having is lashing out like  the poor little snowflake she is. Lol the Orange man IS YOUR PRESIDENT and the best ever. MAGA 2020
Funny how all you Trumpers are crying about eye shadow yet call us the snowflakes! 
We call you a lot more than that loser. Now can you EVER SRAY ON TOPIC??? Wjat has Trump done to divide the country besides win FAIR AND SQUARE?? Lol

So glad you did not attend that Leftist Snake den. Gutfeld is my SN COMEDY. Stopped watching that hateful other show that pro ports to be humorous years ago!
Once again Trump shows his followers that he believes they are stupid. Sometimes I want to believe he might be right.  
No, she didn't.
The "so-called comedian" didn't bomb!! Michelle made mince meat out of you and your whole administration!!

Why didn't you show up?? Do you still have nightmares from 2011 Correspondents dinner?? 

You do! Don't you?!!!
No, Michelle was great because she attacked both parties, but I guess you missed that fact.

Exactly. Donald Trump rode into the White House on a campaign of trying to put an end to political correctness and all of his supporters and staff members tonight were bitching and moaning about some very funny and accurate jokes. https://twitter.com/RussOnPolitics/status/990454947383775232 …
It was some kind of competition between the two events?
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif  
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif  
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif  
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif  
#Chickenincheif #Chickenincheif
For someone who doesn’t care about the WHCD, you are obsessed. You can’t take it.
Lololol define “everyone”
LOL....The comedian was awesome...smart, witty, funny, talented...everything that you WISH you could be!!  @greggutfeld is not even CLOSE to being funny.  He’s quite pathetic, actually.  You’re SO envious!  It was SPOT ON last night.
@GOP @IngrahamAngle @DevinNunes @Jim_Jordan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul @PressSec @GOPLeader @GOPChairwoman @FoxNews @seanhannity @foxandfriends @ChuckGrassley @JesseBWatters @POTUS @tedcruz @TuckerCarlson @marcorubio @TomiLahren @VP
Hey #TrumpFlakes its just "Locker Room Talk" its crazy how the Republicans will hold a comdien to a higher standard than the President of the United States
Two FAKE FOX NEWS host suggestions.  I doubt the real news will allow two Trump talking heads even in the room.
Not to mention the fact how cruel hypocritical and heartless they were to a beautiful powerful woman, a mom. Sarah Huckabee should have got up and walked out

You have really “BOMBED” at being a decent human being and president of the USA. Everyday since become president you have EMBARRASSED AMERICA.
You won't  be in office next year so don't worry your pretty little orange head about it.
Pretty or petty? 
Certainly Not Pretty!
You let SHS twist in the wind as a reward for her loyally promoting your lies. It was highly enjoyable to watch. "Everyone" says so.
You'd run into a building with an active shooter unarmed, but you had to hold your own self-esteem party to avoid nasty comedians telling jokes about you :'( Snowflake!
Which would you choose? An evening of vulgar unfunny comments, praising abortion, or entertaining hundreds of thousands who love you and drove hours to see you ? Be honest, now.
I feel like if I was President of the United States I might, you know, hold more than one press conference a year, and actually take my responsibilities seriously rather than golfing - after criticising others for same - and holding endless rallies to feed my ego, but who knows
No, everyone is talking about how you admitted to treason when you said Manafort, Kushner and Satan Junior met with a RUSSIAN SPY SENT BY PUTIN at Trump Tower.

You are fukking done and it's glorious you dumb treasonous traitor.

#LockHimUp

#TrumpRussiaConspiracy
#Treason @DonaldJTrumpJr
You  are supposed to be the " future"so the development is  on you
Developing a personality will be nice to see instead of the robot like responses you exhibited at the senate/house  hearing
he's rather be with the people, not the elites.
He is an elite.
Imagine believing this was a man of the people
MAGAts seeing this image be like
It's referring to maggots, but good effort to try and make it derogatory towards LGBT. And I suppose the right never refers to us as "libtards," which is most definitely a play on "retard." Because making fun of the disabled is just par for the course for them.
She was funny. You're a coward. Spineless,  weak, afraid, a disgraceful president
#StopTheWitchHunt #TakeDownDeepState #WeSupportTrump 
#Qanon #WeThePeople #GodBlessAmerica #GodBlessPresidentTrump #ComeyForPrison #SaveTheChildren #ReleaseTheTexts #GodWillWin #ReleaseJFKfiles
Everyone is talking about what a great job Michelle wolf did
You didn’t like it Donald? Would it have been better if Wolf had called Huckabee Crooked Sara, or Pocohantas or yelled Jail her?
Yah, I have to admit, The one where Obama Roasted Trump was way way better - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8TwRmX6zs4 … #WHCD18 #WHCA  #WHCDinner  I guess now everyone knows why Trump refuses to attend, he is still in the burn ward from being roasted by Obama :p He can dish it, but he can't take it
Literally roasted
That's so funny! The way you noticed that "Washington" sounds like "Washington!" How clever! Good job, bub! Next week we'll work on other rhyming sounds.
Except the fact that you're even talking about it means that she did her job and was *ahem* tremendously successful.
I heard Krusty the Clown was your opening act in Michigan. “How can they say I’m past my prime? Me, the voice of Ovaltine.”

Ewww...he's so gross. Even God hates him!
Did we change the definition of "bombed" to mean "the audience was laughing a lot?"
I thought she was right on the money and funny love the part about.... How broke is he..... And Sara slanders bit hit hard but true...
Actually it was really good....For the first time I actually heard real facts coming from DC. Man, they need to get that woman in office she might be able to do a better #hmmm #URALoser
I saw it last night and thought it was hilarious!  #snowflakeTrump

Any conservative that attends next year's dinner is a masochist.
Why acknowledge or encourage them? Have one for real journalists and don't invite any Media Matters puppets.
michigan was NOT a success the only way it can be that ...... is when the water crisis is fixed in flint
THE JOKE IS ON THEM. DINOSAUR NEWS IS WHAT THEY ARE. MK ULTRA BEHAVIORAL MODIFICATION PROGRAM NEWS.  WE THE PEOPLE, THE AWAKE ONES, KNOW WHO THE REAL CLOWNS ARE. THE CIA.  CIA CONTROLLED PROPAGANDA NEWS. JOKES!
I loved it. Truth to power.
I LOVED IT .... #IMPEACH
We the sane and eyes wide open to the truth, will never give up until you and your whole corrupt cabinet are Gone. Future generations will question how you where ever allowed to become president! And will call those that overcome hero’s for standing up for the constitution .
I watched it and she didn't bomb.  Everyone was cracking up, especially when she joked about you not actually being rich.
Our beloved Shara was viciously slandered by a poor impersonation of a comic .
 She is owed an apology not only by the comic but the poor excuses of  "reporters"
Who did not object to the vile  attack on her at an event she was invited to.
   
She will never see the apology Ray. They do not have any morals to kmow  they were wrong
True but If I was president TRUMP I would remove their White House credentials and ask for new reporters to be assigned.
You can't control what they write but you can demand they treat White House staff with civility.
You won't have to hide next year.  We know where you, cohen, Manafort and Gates will be.  Money Laundering is a biggie.
Mr President you should hire people that tell you the truth.
You have an issue with size don't you? @StormyDaniels may have pictures. Hmmmm.
For throwing of the shackles of hate and ignorance. For saying enough is enough. It is time to restore the government back to the people from corruption on both sides . We will no longer allow either party to run this country into the ground... we will live again in peace .
Everyone I’m talking to LOVED it and thought Michelle was FABULOUS! Can’t wait for next year!
A new low for the left wing Americans and I for one am ashamed of the White House correspondents for letting this continue. She should have been told to shut up and sit down.
But I thought Republicans didn't get offended remember???
I would actually watch it if Gregg Gutfeld or Jesse Watters were emceeing the whcd. It would be edgy, funny and equal insult.  They play fair.
I thought it was hilarious how she told Sander what she thought of her to her face on national television, we all think it, she just said it.  Priceless
Did you fix the Flint water issue while you were ranting in Michigan?
YOU WISH ,PERVERT . STILL TRYING TO JUSTIFY PUTIN GIVING YOU THE ELECTION? HE WILL GIVE UP YOUR PEE TAPES SOON...AND YOUR "SIZE"
I loved your Michigan speech up until when you said we need guest workers! That went over like a lead balloon! Build the wall, work out the insane immigration loopholes before you bring more guest workers in! We are drowning with foreigners taking our jobs and resources!
@realDonaldTrump
I seem to have to eat my words.

 Exception: 1- deal w/ Pelosi/Schumer, and what was up with that $1.2t bill?

So when I see a wall AND We are deporting illegals by the bucket full, hope you don't mind if I hold my applause.

ps: We won't ever accomplish...
Yes, proud to have you as our President! I would be prouder if you can do something about the murdering of officer's.  Officer's have families that pray for their safety and want them to return home. Obama turned some against them, we need to turn that around with mandatory jail.
Yes...Another host please!!! Anyone but that vile, crass, all around NASTY WOMAN that was being HATEFUL in the disguise of being funny...
Everyone could tell that was her REAL disgusting self!!!
Michelle Wolf is a National Treasure. 
You know why trump really doesn't like Michelle wolf?  When he went to grab her p*ssy he found a giant set of brass balls.
If you visit any Publix or Winn Dixie grocery stores, down here in Florida. Food prices looking more like "area codes"!!! LOL!!!
AMERICAS DOMESTIC ENEMY - THE ANTI-AMERICAN DEMOCRAT ARMY IS MARCHING ACROSS AMERICA - IF THEY ARE NOT STOPPED, GUESS WHO BESIDES THE BABIES COULD BE STANDING IN LINE WAITING TO BE ELIMINATED -44 1/2 MILLION BABIES EXTERMINATED SINCE 1970 - THESE WERE AMERICANS THAT WERE MURDERED
Are you all illegal immigrant? Who wants American people,their taxes to pay you for breaking the law!  You would know Trump has done everything GREAT for the  USA! you're only against him if you're anti-American or a socialist.
If you leave..
America will cheer..
How about that.. you could make millions of people cheer..
Just retire.. walk away
Yes, @greggutfeld shu
Between Michael Wolff and Michelle Wolf my voice has finally been represented truthfully.
If being grotesque is comedy; we’ve hit another new low.

Funny as shit. And your presidency is a joke too sir.
Actually what everyone is talking about is the total hypocrisy of you and your administration. Probably don’t need to remind you of some of the AWFUL things you’ve said publicly and in print about others, particularly women, right?
Maybe you should be concerned about REAL PROBLEMS not imaginary ones.
Thank You Mr President for coming to Washington, Mi agree no Fake Smiles here
If by bombed you mean @michelleisawolf was extremely funny and satirical, you’re right.
Yes, Greg Gutfeld should host a correspondents’ dinner.  Accurate humor. Humor like a surgeon’s knife cuts out media cancer.
AGREED GREGGUTFELD is very funny,very intelligent&isn’t jealous of Sarah Sanders’ position in life!I mean face it that”comic”has no future!That was her big flash in the pan&nowUSAknows she hasNO TALENT,ONLY HATE&JEALOUSY4a woman that has been andealing w idiots daily#SARAH
Thank you Karin.
Very welcome,thank you!
President Donald Trump fire every body that was involved in what happend to Sarah Sanders, we the people had enought with what they did to her, we want justice done
Please be more like Sarah and be humble when insults are hurled at you rather than 'striking back' every time. You catch more flies with honey.
Don't recall voters ever approving the Guest Worker Program during President Trump's rallies during General Election eg. Visas
Did you take clean water with you? Flint is still waiting!
GREG GUTFIELD ACCEPT THE CHALLENGETRUMP HAS TO SHOW UP THO WITH CANDACE OWEN & KANYE WEST
He’s talking about the charter Township of Washington in Macomb County Michigan.
It's Funny. The President is known for not doing things the traditional way and upsetting folks but sticking to his guns criticises her for doing basically the same thing
Failure is your name
LIE MUCH? 
So Flint has water that is useable? Clean water by chance ?
Mr President and Greg, The Northern Resistance to Global Liberalism is alive and growing stronger by the day here in Canada.   You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life.

You call 5,000 attending in a 30,000 seat area a success?  NOT...MICHELLE WOLFF WAS HYSTERICAL TELLING THE TRUTH TO ALL WHO WERE PRESENT..Too bad you were to chicken to attend.
Sure comrade but "everyone" to you means the scared shit few in your kiss ass echo chamber. Not a representative sample of America by a long shot. And as you badly lost the general vote in the election and your poll numbers are so bad one can't say you speak for America, can you?
The Presidents so broke Kellyanne caught him digging for nickels in the Oval Office couch.
I thought she was hilarious. And @michelleisawolf not a "so-called" comedian, she's made it. Would've loved to see your routine but you were too scared to show up
It’s unfortunate that Donnie J has failed to live up to his promises to us in Michigan-you’re  lucky that your sheep had nothing else to do that night and that they can’t see the forest for the trees. Flint can’t drink their water yet and you are talking Nobel prize. Shameful.
Ur State officials r in charge u voted them in talk to them about ur water
Evidently,our state officials are incapable of serving the needs of our people.  When states fall down, it is the responsibility of the Feds to help—or does that only apply to immigration.
Its sad the audience in Washington, MI. is more gullible than those in Washington, DC.  SAD!  SAD!
How about @DennisDMZ !?!?  Liberal heads would explode at the announcement , no liberal media would attend, the White House staff could finally have a nice evening out together. 

We will drain the swamp, one corrupt person at a time. No longer will we become complacent with business as usual ! No longer will will allow the puppets and more importantly the puppet masters to rein supreme and enslave the 99%. You all are going down . From all Americans!!!!!
Yes lets get gutfeld. He can handle anything. And he's funny. Wolf was a NASTY PERSON. Not even funny. And if the Republican party would have said all those NASTY THINGS THE LEFT WOULD GAVE EXPLODED. SAD BUT THE LEFT CANT TAKE WITH REASON JUST NASTY WORDS.
.Michelle rocked the WH Press dinner. What's the matter can't you take the truth?
And her voice was so annoying..How could listen to her anyway...Sarah Huckabee was amazing we need more women her!!!
As I listened to Trump’s Michigan rambling replayed, I feel a sense of confidence. I know MI since I lived there once. The people are way too smart to fall for his incoherent lies again. “Clean water” Really? (Flint) Farmers hurt by tariffs. MI won’t be fooled again. #liar
#Muellerdoesnttweet
vomiting on others is not comedy.  Well, I guess some think so.
You didn't dare show up so that's why you sent your patsy, I mean, Sarah.
you are just sad that michelle wolf is getting more attention than you...oh, i re-watched your comedy central roast last night....very good!
KellyAnna and Sarah with their friend Michael Avenatti ( Stormy Daniel's lawyer).
Donald how would you know about the dinner; you were to cowardly to go!
"Everyone" here meaning "snowflake Republicans who forgot what a roast is."
The only boring Thing is, that you are still President of USA and that I have to spent so much time in your Twitter Account. Go back in the corner, eat some Cheeseburger and try it...try to be a REAL PRESIDENT!

instead of tweeting this nonsense over and over again - why don't you give a shout out to a real life hero 
@JamesShawJr9
Not surprised. You always need a real ass kisser to boost the ol ego. Gutfeld...really?  Lips planted firmly on orange.Hegseth? Hear that sucking sound.....
Michelle Wolf was brilliant. If you can’t stand the heat get out of the kitchen. Who would think the big daddy Trump is so sensitive.

Epic Fail,  only $100,000.00 raised,  chump change.  Another WOLF with TRUMP drangment syndrome.  If she goes on Netflix I'll boycott them too.
Yeah, it must have been like looking in a mirror, eh Don? After all, you use the same type of language, and have excelled at making bullying an art form. Go back to bed, Donny. Let the adults handle things.
Lies like these from Trump we are sick of, the dishonesty and the bigotry.

The more you tweet about it, the funnier it is!

Maybe you should worry less about ratings and more about important things.
#Blacks4Trump #BlackWomen support #POTUSTrump #kanyeeffect #bravo #immigrants love #POTUSTrump
How many more times are you going to tweet about a bad dinner? You think that is news worthy??? Open your heart and mind buddy, there's people out there who have no food and you are whinging about some dinner...
I believe you are the only one talking about it.  For being too afraid to attend, you sure keep talking about it.
Not as fun on the receiving end eh?  Maybe try not to dish out what you can’t take..
It could have been more positive if you weren't such a criminal idiot who surrounds himself with criminals.
Hey @realDonaldTrump maybe you should attend the #WHCD next time it’s just a dinner it’s not Vietnam!
She didn't bomb she just told the truth. All she did is point out that you lie everyday and you are an embarrassment to this country and the world.
Analysis | Trump went to Michigan and didn’t talk about Flint https://wapo.st/2HYT1p4?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.a4fc9cb90a50 … @MMFlint @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @dccc 
#CleanWater #FlintWaterCrisis
I totally agree. Greg is a riot I watch every week.
Are we paying for that travesty of an event? If so, just cancel it because none of us are interested any more.
Michelle Wolf SO STUPID...NO RESPECT...talks like a drunk sh$#&t...commedian... not sure... more of a cocaine addict...who doesn't know what she is talking about... some how like a drunk club entertaner...who is on high...
She was great with her pointed jokes at the White House, Sara Sanders and You.Get a sense of humor!
“I actually really like Sarah,” Wolf said. “I think she’s very resourceful. But she burns facts and then she uses that ash to create a perfect smokey eye. Like maybe she’s born with it, maybe it’s lies. It’s probably lies.”
It was perfect.  It exposed them for who they really are.
Food BOOMED GRENADE. The French are always polite no matter what disgusting thing is served and dig up a OAK tree.  Forget the tree. You can't understand anything. I apologise to Prime Minister. I apologise  PM.
In other words, you were afraid to go where the smart, honest people were, and went and hid in your safe space, a hanger full of desperate people you can easily manipulate into agreeing with everything you say.
Michelle killed it out there buddy. #SorryNotSorry
Yeah we saw the greatest hits again. You speeches are proving you to be a one trick pony or is it phony?
I'm sorry I couldn't reach u Brandon took my tweeter
You called the press the enemy (what are you scared of), mocked other countries, belittled others & threatened to shut down the government if funding for your brain dead wall doesn't show. No mention of Waffle House hero, Flint water or PR electricity. Yep, big SUCKcess.

Who's "Everyone"? The four horsemen of the apocalypse riding around in your head?
And what about Flint, Michigan? You wanna respond to her for that? Cuz it wasn't a fucking joke.

WE will NOT be MOVED!!!!!  STANDING AGAINST EVIL!!!!!!!    Until we achieve 100% VICTORY in JESUS" NAME!!!!!   Powerful message, LISTEN for encouragement!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imEiOulxHpY&t=150s …
Wouldn't be a bad idea although I'm fine without that dinner ever happening again.
Everyone is talking about your bigoted comment bout Hispanics and your boasting about nothing! Help Flint get Clean water!  Farmers are going to come after you! Keep talking Donny !
Weird. I must know different a everyone than you know because everyone I’ve heard talking about it said it was great!
Stop being a sore loser join the fun stop making life so serious its was for a good cause please remember that
#TrumpIsSoPoor He saves piss from hookers and porn stars to use as spray tan.
Seemed like a lot of sheep followed the leader when Obama was president. No matter how terrible he was and how bad he hurt America, you guys were right there lock step. He flat out lied and no one even questioned him one time except Fox
Just do away with the White House Correspondent Dinner!
#POTUS. #MAGA. #ReleaseTheTexts. #UnRedacted. #TheGreatAwakening. #Qanon. #PrayForPotus. #PrayForKanye. #LockHerUp. #BringFlynnBack. #DrainTheSwamp. #FakeNews.
You have to keep holding these huge rallies. Congress is going to block anything you try to do. Spend the next 6 months rallying the people. Your at your best with the people and they love it. Great Job. A+.
MSM...thank you for this, you berated a comedian over this thug in the wh....
End the stupid dinner, the MSM doesn't deserve it!! Nothing the President does will EVER be good enough for the left. #TDS exists!!
"A mass rally is designed to switch off the thinking process. Only then would the people accept the magical simplifications before which resistance crumbles."  Adolph Hitler
Idiot!
I loved @greggutfeld idea for separate event held on same day as WHCD it’s a Must Do #MAGA
