We will hold you accountable for your yes votes. We will not forget.

Stop the sabotage & shore up the law. Stop avoiding town halls. 70808
70403 here. We're going to vote you out.
70706 No you won't we outnumber you in Louisiana
It all depends on who shows up. We will be there. With friends.
Polls and Fake News will be your undoing again because you fail to realize that it's not about party but about agenda
You support Trump's agenda? He can't even define it because it changes direction like a fart in the wind.
That is where you are wrong b/c of your bias. His agenda has been same since day 1 & he is very successful in accomplishing it so far
How's that wall-building going? Way to hit it out the park on the ACA repeal! But, hey -- Merry Christmas!
Eventually even the rubes are going to get tired of voting against their own best interests. It will be revolution all over again.
Which side of history will you be on, Senator? Your party is a reality show debacle/clown car. You have no cohesion or leadership.
You put the last, stinking dregs of the GOP party's interests over the country's most pressing needs. The world laughs at the USA's hubris.
perhaps you can examine the gutting of the risk corridor enacted a few years ago? Perhaps discuss solutions with your democratic colleagues?
Perhaps talk to your constituents who rely on Medicaid and ACA. Try to understand why the proposed bill was unpopular?
Like at a town meeting. What a concept.
We will vote out every RINO & Democrat up for election in 2018. We are sick of Congress playing politics! WE WANT THINGS DONE! #TermLimits
Did you not breathe a sigh of relief that LA rural hospitals will not have to close, pre-existing conditions are still protected? #gettowork
#LallieKemp
Im a constituent, LET ACA implode. It can't be "fixed". It is DEMS failed attempt at Single Payer Healthcare System. Thank you 4 VOTING Yes
Instead of tweeting inanities, you should be thanking @lisamurkowski , @SenatorCollins , and @SenJohnMcCain for saving the GOP from itself
They took the bullet so the rest of you could wring your hands in dismay yet still be able to say you voted to repeal. That's chickenshit.
The United Patients of America disagree, including Louisiana disability advocates. We breathe a sigh of relief & ask you to speak with us.
Thank you for standing by your word. Most of LA stand with and behind you.
Nope not really
Another good old boy who believes his own bullshit.
I think it's a reminder from all of the Democrats & 3 members of your own party that you have to be open and inclusive. #bipartisanship
u are with the (confederacy of dunces) u lost my vote
The only loss for Americans is senators who insist on staying lockstep with our obviously unqualified President. 70131
Over 100 major organizations with health care & HCBS expertise disagree & will be vigilant keeping their members informed & engaged. We're 
It has for a large number of my friends. Time to look around and stop trying to stay in lock step.
Works fine for me. I'm your constituent, by the way. One who has never gotten a legitimate response to my concerns about my health care.
Not a loss for this American. Get in touch with your constituents or you won't be in Washington long.
Support our President!!! 71483
It WAS a loss for some in Repub party that did not support their base.OBAMACARE was designed to divide & destroy & it's worked well for that
Wow! Kennedy up way past his bedtime!  Happiest tomorrow, right after milk and cookies
@JohnKennedyLOL gosh durn it, You look so sad. Are you mad you weren't able to screw over Louisiana?
this wasnt a loss.The majority wants a reform of what's there.This whole show Riddled w tragic bills is not good for nobody.
Shame on you for trying to take health care away from your constituents!  We will remember!  From 71105.
Shame on you. Louisiana benefits from affordable care and you are protecting wealthy people.
Why wouldn't you have town meetings? No one liked the bills, not the people, not doctors, not medical organizations, and many other groups.
Tell the truth, Sen. Bills would be disastrous for LA. Your vote shows you don't care if your constituents have healthcare. Shame on you.
70806. Won't forget and will tell the neighbors
It is working for some people. Please fix the parts that are not instead of completely starting over.
still yet to see your replacement ! 7 years and counting! Will you dump people off and let them die? ACA saved me! You have no plan!
"Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!"
When my computer isn't working properly can you guess what I do? I fix it. I don't throw it out.
You're dumber than a boiled owl
#CleanRepeal it's what we were promised @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs
America loses when your priority is to defeat the Democrats instead of doing what's best for your constituents.
Don't care if a win or loss for each party. Be bipartisan and get the job done. Once elected there should be no party lines. Work together.
Very disappointed in your yes vote
It certainly is working for Scalise. I truly wish him well. I also wish such care would not be stripped from so many w/o alternatives.
It certainly worked 4 me. AND La packed townhalls showed that I have not been alone. If GOP was serious, they would take time 2 do it right!
Please stop the b.s., the whining. And the spin.  Work together to help People, not party.
Senator, you're a loss for the people of LA.
THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator. Keep up your Conservative work !!
America lost when Trump became president. We continue to lose when you try and advance terrible bills like the "skinny" one last night.
And you sir, need to cross the aisle and fix it!!!!
Have you really forgotten the promises made by the leader of your party, DJT? He promised affordable healthcare at great prices for everyone
More folksy so you'll understand: That dog don't hunt.

Oh really? Why do you say flood ins is necessity but not health? Hypocrisy much??? Lives over property!
I hope you will be held accountable for your vote.
Let me make this real simple for you. The American people do not want obamacare repealed.  Got it? Now go back to 1952.
Why do U say market approach not ok for flood ins, that its a necessity but ok health? Aren't LIVES worth it? THREAD
Dear @BillCassidy & @SenJohnKennedy You prove here that you can work in BIPARTISAN way, w/input from stakeholders http://www.theadvocate.com/baton_rouge/news/business/article_a5516472-55e4-11e7-8cd7-e75f5e0ad0f5.html?utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter&utm_campaign=user-share …
REALLY?  13-16% of Americans WANTED the repeal. Which Americans are you so concerned about???
70118 and ASHAMED OF YOU!
We vote. We remember you. We will vote you out. 71301.
71105 here. You have betrayed your state constituency. Shame on you.
Hasn't worked for WHO?
As a self employed Louisiana resident, I am appalled you voted yes for this. I look forward to voting you out of office. 70114
70118 here 2! Couldn't have said it better. BTW, I won't pay 4 your healthcare if u take away mine. Clear & Simple enough 4 you good ol boy?
retire
Congress should not be exempted from this monstrous law.
I'm through with the Republican party. John McCain needs to go.
Full repeal get government out of health care
Liar!
400,000 people in YOUR state have healthcare bc of Obamacare they otherwise wouldn't have! Obamacare stops Ins companies from screwing us.
THEN FIX IT! Put politics aside and work with your colleagues across the aisle
It is a loss for  every rightwinger who has been lying about ACA for years but still has no replacement despite controlling Congress #NOLA
Sir, respect you personally, but the party has been in #selfdestruct mode for years now.
Everybody lost with that one.
Wow! How would you know what's best for American people, you don't do what's best for ur state! #Yesman #partyoverpeople
Obamacare drew from a Republican plan dreamed up by the Heritage Foundation. You hate it because Obama's name's on it. #MedicareForAll now.
Exactly!
If by American people you're referring to those millionaires losing the big tax cuts, then yes, we're in agreement.
Congrats. 6 months as a senator and you haven't accomplished anything.  I hope you enjoy that 1 month vacation.... you deserve it
This bill raised premiums and insured fewer people. It was NOT good for Louisiana. Work with democrats this time.
Wk w Dems, Indeps, Grns, No Parties; all r on Louisiana ballots.
Health Ins. Companies pulling out of LA 12/2017 Premiums increase 1/2018 middle class in LA need help with health insurance please
the american healthcare current system with modifications will be in operation long after you have exited the senate.  bet on it!
Thank you Sir for your efforts. This Louisiana Veteran appreciates what you're doing. Don't give up.
So incorrect no @GOP explained details of Rep and replace on campaign. Was that fair?
Mr.Kennedy I am proud of Republicans.
BOT
I can't believe you would vote to take healthcare from millions of Americans. I am ashamed that you are my Senator. 70117
This process before the Senate was nothing short of a sham, and you should not have participated in it the way you did. Shame on you Senator
Sadly, I'm one of your constituents. Spin (lie) if u want, but it's % a #GOP loss. @SenJohnMcCain put  b4 party last night. Why can't u?
U were Treasurer during Jindal yrs. That speaks volumes.
not this American. #NoRepeal
Perhaps you should consider the facts. 1/5



Please talk facts. The GOP has tried to undermine the ACA all along. The facts show that, although not perfect, it has worked.
I comment to U regular
 No BAILOUT, NO MONEY PIT TO OC.
DEFUND PLAN PARENTHOOD
REPEAL OBAMACARE
nothing else will do. If OC crashes let it
Americans are being held hostage to Medicaid for ILLEGAL Dems insist on covering. Let state control their own cost us Kansas Dr Sample
Tell Edwards to fix his own problem he created with expansion. He should send people to do what the Dr in Kansas did n control his MEDICAID
As a voter that voted for you we hope you will force them to continue. Plez make sure the Cruz Amendment helps Taxpayers. We need help
Then do your job & provide a workable alternative or fix the ACA. It's what your party has promised for years. Deliver or admit you lied.
If GOP REALLY wk'd on this 4 7 yrs,  they'd have had more 2 show 4 it! U all sat on your A##es & did 0! U thought u were 2 good 4 that! Hah!
You're off your rocker. How does the basic change of 20% higher premiums and 15 mil losing insurance help Americans?
Greedy @SenateGOP bastards! Fix it or give us the same 72% premium paid 200+ plan FEHBP you receive that we pay over $36 billion a year for!
You and your GOP cohorts lie so shamelessly. The way mostly all of you neglect the interests of your constituency is infuriating.
You couldn't find bigger liars than the GOP if you searched the world over
So maybe you all will work together and do your job. If you could include Dems and women this time it would be appreciated.
Actually it was a loss for the Republican Party and for its deep pocketed donor base. The ACA needs work, not a repeal.
So you would call between 20 and 30 million people losing health care of win? I'm glad you don't represent me
Honestly, you dodged a bullet, because the bills that were presented would have destined you to lose in 2022! We would have blamed you.
We know #Republicans have actively sabotaged and destabalised #aca in order to be able to say "See it's failing".#Shame #SkinnyRepealFAIL
As a Registered LA Republican (Rapides Parish) I would say the #republican party didn't lose last night. It IS lost.
Roll up your sleeves-Return to regular order-Listen to the rural hospitals & working poor of LA, do the hard work you were sent to do.
Of course! Laws take time. U all tried the rush job! How dumb is that?!
And you are a LOSS for the people of Louisiana!
