Perhaps first you should focus on alternative ways to keep ppl covered, rather than stripping away our insurance! Your job is to protect us!
As an LA citizen I implore you the responsible thing is a bipartisan bill.
No one throws out, "the baby with the bathwater," but REpubs! YOU FIX THE TUB! This tub's of a complicated, Brown Man's design! IT MUST GO!
That's it!   So true,  my thoughts all along
That's absurd. I can't see Jesus approving taking from the poor to give to the rich, you hypocrite. Don't take God's name in vain.
When we kick your kiesters out of office the next bunch will reverse your misdeeds. Try bipartisanship instead, you embarrassment.
Playing to his uneducated country bumpkin base. His voting behavior shows he's clearly no Christian.
Some may have elected you to repeal, but those of us who didn't are just as American. Also, opinions have changed. From WaPo this am-->

Please, please think of people not party.
Thank you for keeping your campaign promise - Repeal n Replace. It's about getting it right this time n freedom of choice 
Obamacare is more popular than ever. The tide has turned. Fix it in a bipartisan way. Don't repeal. 70810
Harming yourself (threatening to ingest weed killer) is a preexisting mental health condtn for which you'll have no coverage after ur 1 term
The Council of Catholic Bishops greatly condemn this idea.
#HeroNEEDEDNOW U R safe til 2022.#SaveOurRuralHospitals #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut
Please stop this heartless and irresponsible act. Figure out how to fix Obamacare and don't let 30 million people face a loss of healthcare
Since you brought up God now you've crossed over into my realm of expertise
Be counted before God Mr. Senator. Finding help for hurting people is more important than winning. My brother's keeper? Yes I am. Amen.

Also why did he have the historical monuments taken down that's our history people come to visit and see our statues now there's nothing the
no-one cares about the racist statues. newsflash: people don't go to new orleans for the friggin statues.
One payer. 
Madicare for all.
Amen
So health support is good for Louisianans but not the rest of us? https://www.kennedy.senate.gov/content/newsroom …
I agree with you, carry on!
NO NO NO. NO TO KILLING PEOPLE.
Would that be the 25% of Trump voters or the 12% of those in key Trump counties? Or the zero % of Clinton voters?
How you treat the poor is how you will be judged...or kicked to the curb. Your choice.
Remember God & His children when u begin stripping the plan of necessary srvcs. Remember you are *pro-life&not pro-Republican-Talking-Points
You are so wrong. If you actually spoke to your constituents you'd know that Repeal is not good for Louisiana.
NO!!!!You should be thinking about your constituents instead of your party!! WHERE is your EMPATHY!!
How can you justify taking medicaid away from 433,000 Louisiana citizens? How is that a morally acceptable choice? You have no shame.
Not me jackass
This is an absolutely irresponsible strategy and will result in chaos. And your removal from office.
Leaving 32 million without access to healthcare is not American or Christian
My health insurance has doubled. Time to repeal Obamas lies.
Sen Kennedy please support our potus. MAGA!!
You're such a disappointment as Senator.   What about standing up for the people of Louisiana
Yes it is time to VOTE. Vote you and the rest of your party out of office!  You Do Not represent LA! You represent The Republican Party!!!
I will remember at the polls if you repeal.  Bipartisan efforts.  Take care of Louisiana! Country over Party
I will say it again - work to improve the ACA. You have not been able to come up with a better program. Louisiana voter 70601
Your constituents down here in SWLA second that emotion!  Replace will come not worried REPEAL PLEASE! 
John - please consider the Cassidy-Graham-Collins plan. Though I'm a democrat, this plan promoted Dr. Cassidy deserves your consideration
We want you to fix Obamacare, not break it. Very simple:: People Want Healthcare.
God and America would be disappointed in you for allowing the sick to suffer #NoRepeal #FixACA
La resident here.  AGAINST REPEAL
Get a plan before you throw people off any healthcare-kinda    less
You weren't voted in to pull the rug out from under millions while giving tax breaks to millionaires.
Let's see did Jesus say heal only those who can afford it?
There is no God, Johnny.
How about hobnobbing with regular Louisianians instead of bankers and people that fund your campaigns.
Good news is we vote. Can't wait to vote for ur opponent. U are trying to destroy the people of Louisiana. Greed of GOP $ not God. Don't lie
A #FullRepeal !
God wants me to go w/o insurance? I can't afford 17k yr. God want kids w/cancer to go without? It's blasphemous to hide ur evil behind God.
I want Repeal, but this 2-year wait is nonsense! Kick the can kind of trick, again. Lead, Republicans, or Leave!
Odd to see an educator without critical thinking.. Premiums raise 100% and 30+ million lose coverage completely if repealed. THAT'S WORSE.
Bullshit
No, it is fact. I'm sorry it's displeasing.
Repeal and Replace! Make it happen!
I do not believe that God would want you to take away anyone's healthcare. But please hold a town hall and let us tell you how we feel.
As a constituent and cancer wife, and mom of 2 young kids, I beg you, please don't repeal Obamacare. Fix it.
We get you too Senator. Destroy Medicaid. Then destroy Medicare. Then destroy Social Security. We all see where the GOP is heading. Beware.
As a cancer survivor I say you are flat wrong sir!
I am weary of calling my MoCs, whose salaries I fund, to hope their college interns accurately convey my anger,fear for my life, finances
I will only support single payer and as a tax paying American I demand the same ins. plan you have. You are a puppet.
If you do that God and country will remember what you did to your constituents who rely on ACA for their health. You happy with that?
How would you know?   You won't come home and talk to anyone unless they're a banker or special interest
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT, IT'S TIME TO STAND IN FRONT OF GOD AND COUNTRY AND VOTE...REPEAL NOW
Oh, God is watching all right...
When are you coming "home" to explain your vote to us? You never come "home" to meet with us. Sorry I have to wait 6 years to vote you out.
I didn't vote for you, but as your constituent I don't support your vote to repeal.
I release you from this campaign promise. You will vote yes for a bill that WILL devastate LA. Shame on you
Are you going to go after Landrieu he's protecting criminals in New Orleans and made it a sanctuary city that's why there's so much crime
No
When are you gonna drink the weedkiller? You were a Democrat till like 3 years ago lol.
Can you explain how it's a good thing for 32 million people to lose their health insurance? That's the CBO's estimate.
Only 12 percent of people support that and only 25% of your base. You will not be held accountable for not doing it. Don't believe it.
Horse poo!  Repeal now ... R&R we knew what that meant when we voted...things change ... only thing doesn't change is everything changes.
Repeal from Louisiana!!!!. Yes
Believing God wants 22 mill people denied health care & believe in hiding from voters
 Coward & cruel are too kindly descriptors of beliefs
That's not this constituent's opinion sir. Repealing would throw healthcare into chaos. Take care of your constituents.
The real word out there 4 any reader is that it is broken and is hurting real people. Those who get it 4"free" won't understand this.
