you were right about one thing! You are a clown.
As a ret AF Officer and LA resident, I beg you Sen, don't embarrass LA and the US again like you did today.  Leak Unclassified?? Seriously??
You made a fool of yourself. I am ashamed that you represent us. Yates made you look like the fumbling fool we all knew you were. 
DNI Clapper did 1 of 2 things.. If he doesn't know if Putin has assets in US he was a failure as DNI. Or he perjured himself before Congress
And again as he squirmed when asked how Flynn got his sec clearance
He said 'I dont kno how this admin does it'
He was DNI til noon Jan 20th
Seeing as Flynn would have had to had his sec clearance before that date.. It would have been under his watch.... Not current administration
Watch alot of his testimonies in front of Congress he says
'I dont know'
ALOT...
Either hes a moron, or he thinks we are..
What does he kno?
is it just me or is @SenJohnKennedy the Elmer Fudd of the Senate! God help us!!!
Just watched a clip of it. You acted like a stereotypical red state dinosaur who should head for the tar pit. ASAP. You must worship Trump.
Traitor. My daddy taught me, "Iffin' ya gonna shotgun your skull in, best go out to the barn so the missus ain't got so much to clean up."
We checked it out and decided you need to step down.  It's okay when women are way smarter than you
I liked the part where you asked Clapper, if he had every disclosed any unclassified information!  Too funny!
You aren't doing2well on Twitter.  Out of All these replies only 1 Deplorable and that 1 deplorable is as ignorant on DNI as you
I love it! Fantastic! Awesome!!! Keep up the good work!!!!!
you showed your cards when you constantly interrupted and spoke over Sally Yates but not Gen. Clapper.
#TeaBully
You are enabling treason
You shouldn't be on the Senate Judiciary. Your participation is making a mockery of a prestigious committee.
And yet, Sen Kennedy, you clearly don't know the difference between classified and unclassified data.
whatched live broadcast and marvelled at the irrelevance of your questions. Wrong topic
Keep digging for the truth.  Don't stop until you find the leakers and who unmasked.  We demand you do your jobs!!!
Did @FoxNews cover d part where you asked Clapper about leaking unclassified information & everyone present at the hearing laughed out loud?
I DON'T LISTEN TO FAKE NEWS! IF U CAN'T GET ON A REAL NEWS PROGRAM, I CAN'T LISTEN!
Get a real job. And a haircut. A new suit. And remember it is better to keep quiet and be thought a fool than open your mouth and prove it
OMG, I'm so sorry for your constituents. They are represented by an idiot.
You're an embarrassment! Who backed you for Senate? Enjoy the next five years and stay away from the cameras if you're going to run again.
He will not run again - he's too scared to have a town hall meeting!
Yates has intelligence and integrity. You have neither. Might want to take notes during testimony so you can see what a backbone looks like.
Are you a neighbour. And what's your I terpritkation of intelligence and integrity? This man is a big fish in the small pond of his hometown
Just a thought? Maybe Trump should actually nominate more people for the open positions?
No Thanks. Some people will do anything for attention. You sir do it........badly. Btw who made you Senator? And on what basis?
I will not watch the hate network FoxNews! Revolting & shameful that my state is attached to your name. Is this why Fox will even have you?
NA NA NA NA HEY HEY GOODBYE
Does Fox News always interview the bottom feeders first?  You are an embarrassment to LA.  #FoxNews #resist #Trumprussia #Russiagate #Pence
There's a time/place for partisanship. When investigating Russian interference in our govt. and possible treason, that's not the time/place.
Hey, I saw you in person, Senator!  Here's the video!  Don't you make enough money to do something about those teeth?
Sorry. I don't watch #FakeNews.
omg...seriously? Aren't you supposed to be, like, paying attention? @washingtonpost
Senator Kennedy - I don't mean any disrespect, but if your tuchus were under oath in a court and cross-examined, u would look like an IDIOT
You could barely control your anger, frustration and bias against Yates. Your lack of respect was glaring. Her composure was inspiring. 

WHY CAN'T U BE INTERVIEWED BY REAL NEWS SOURCES! FOX IS A FAKE NEWS OUTLET, U KNOW THIS!
I didnt like the way u talked to Mrs.Yates, extremely rude and arrogant. Very disappointed.
Way more fun watching her own you. #SallyYates
I wouldn't be tweeting about this...you came off as a buffoon...Louisiana needs to raise their standards before electing Senators...2020!
Fake news
I can't believe u sat there asking q's abt an EO and not facts on Russia.  @senjudiciary doesn't care abt truth or distortion of facts.
No thanks! FOX SPEWS! 
.@SenJohnKennedy  WTH R U doing? Imo U are bullying #SallyYates on EO as a tactic to discredit her!! Shame on you!! this hearing on Russia
Muslim Ban is unconstitutional & has nothing to do with @realDonaldTrump @GenFlynn Russian ties! Stick to Russia! Partisan hack!
You're not asking relevant questions!  And, yes, 'you do mean DISRESPECT!'
This Hearing is About Trump and Russia not the Muslim Ban. What Do they Have on You? #trumprussia #treason
He did this. DJT 1-9-2016 "When I call they kiss my ass" Bet old John has some chap stick in his pocket.
You just proved yourself to be complicit to treason. Congratulations. History will not treat you very well.
If Gen. Flynn was compromised by his activity with the Russians, wouldn't it be relevant to a Russian tampering investigation? Or collusion?
JNK: It's the democrat's fault!

Really John? That's the best you got?
I saw it and you looked like an idiot, do not draw attention to it
You should probably fire someone on your staff for tweeting this in the middle of the Yates hearing. Nobody wants to hear from you.
He is a clown.
He's another LA partisan hack, like Diapers Vitter
