What about contraception, maternity health...I hear crickets
Thank you! Keep up the great work!
So they can react to positive & negative stimuli? Plants can do that too.
Your leader just took away birth control for companies that have "religious objections" to having insurance pay for it.
Guess what happens?
Eh?
So could the people who were killed in Las Vegas. When will you co-sponsor a protection act for them?
Thankyou
Get. Out. Of. Women’s. Uteruses.
Please work on healthcare, gun control, and other life-saving laws rather than trying to control a woman's body.
Boo! Stop pretending like you care about women or children. Your voting history would be vastly different if you really did.
While you foster murder by gun? It's totally ok that they be deprived of health care, food, Edu. or killed after their born though, right?
9million kids without chip pgm.....you have nothing, nothing to be proud of except your long suffering wife.
But as soon as they are born thrust a bump stock in their hands
Another pig.

You want babies born so you can rip away their insurance and Die! Time to retire & get someone who really cares about Americans!
If you don't have a vagina, you are not qualified to speak about what goes in or out of them.  Only the OWNER of the vagina has that right.
I wonder how @RepTimMurphy feels about it. He asked his mistress to have an abortion and winces at tweets like this. You stand for NOTHING.
You are DONE, you manipulative misogynist. Nobody wants an abortion and certainly NOT  at 20 weeks unless something is terribly wrong. #p2
Once born, they need healthcare, daycare, healthy meals, aftr sch programs. Let's start by giving them Congress' hc plan. @CNN @FoxNews
One day you'll do something that pleasantly surprises America. Today is not that day.
But you support the sake of bump stocks. Unbelievable.
Cruelly ironic. Protect the unborn but tough luck born baby - Healthcare is not a right. Need medical assistance? No can do.
Get your laws off of my wife and daughter.

You're pro life but you want to take insurance benefits from pregnant women and children. That is hypocritical.
If you don't want the baby I am willing to give the baby a good home a Christian home, the greatest joy is a Baby.
Baby's can and do feel pain, lets just call abortion the Murder of a person, I am very much pro life, Baby's deserve the right to life.
Fetuses are not babies.  Provide irrefutable unbiased evidence showing that fetuses feel pain
1/ Let me get this straight, you’re not in favor of any additional gun restrictions because that is unconstitutional, however you’re all
2/ for taking women’s rights to their own bodies away? Ummm really? How ignorant are you? One more thing, why is it that you don’t want to
3/ “punish gun owners for the actions of others” but you’re fine with not allowing people into the country based on the actions of others?
So you want to "protect" fetuses but leave them without healthcare once they are born??  Where is y'alls sense?
Unbelievable. To manipulate and guilt women out of their constitutional right to abortion is despicable and total abuse of power.
This is NOT scientific fact!  You are putting more womens lives at risk.  I am a constituent and I vote.
Please.
This is nothing to be proud of.  But given your disposition you are able to deceive yourself.  Glad this will not get to the senate.
Thnx
Now how about sponsoring the Pain-Capable BORN Child Protection Acts - also known as CHIP & ACA. Kids are still human after leaving womb!
What is the difference between regulating abortion and regulating assault weapons? I'd like to know.
congrats...what a job....
The Journal of the American Medical Assoc concludes that “pain perception probably does not function before the third trimester [28 weeks.]”

Complete and total bull.
Does it #defund Planned Parenthood? I'm for not doing any abortions
Just because we now know they feel then, doesn't mean not feeling sooner
DEMS WANT TO KILL BABY AND KEEP GUNS FROM LAW ABIDING CITIZENS...GO FIGURE...STAND FIRM ON GUN RIGHTS
So you're in favor of controlling women, and not trusting themselves to decide what is best on behalf of their own bodies. Got it! Thanks.
... Based on pseudoscience intended to control women.
how did you vote on CHIPS, a program helping pain capable born children? Pro-Life doesn't stop at birth unlike the Republican position #nola
Women who make the heartbreaking decision to terminate after 20 wks almost always do so bc baby is not viable. You're cruel.
You have absolutely no right to control/govern women's bodies or deny them their legal right to abortion. You're a heinous shell of a human.
You would be because your logic isn't science or fact based, you hide behind the facade of Christianity.
Yet you want to pull healthcare from children #HYPOCRITE #VOTE2018 @ABCWorldNews @Rosie #OLDFART
Women have a constitutionally- guaranteed right to abortion on demand. We're not going backwards. Shame on you.
You are a disgrace. Happy to remove health care and refusing to outlaw bump stocks. That's caring about life?
Idk where you're getting the science that backs it up, but wherever it is, it's not from a source that most scientists have agreed with
The current scientific consensus is that the neurological connections responsible for pain detection don't start developing until at least..
23 weeks, though that's at it's minimum, in most cases it's 25-30 weeks. Check the Journal of the American Medical Association on this issue
God bless u!!
WEhat if your family was killed in a mass shooting like in Vegas? The blood of these victims is on YOUR hands if gun laws don't change. SAD
You just have a problem taking care of the baby once it is born. Then you remove insurance and support and brag about it.
WHY would anyone need/want automatic weapons, other than the military? You can't hunt with them, unless you hunt people? You are shameful!
If you want to tell women what they can and cannot do with their body, I want to have the right to tell YOU what you can do with your body!
Thank you sir!!
You are proud of the wrong things...Shame on you.
So you can have more children from whom to deny healthcare?  You can’t be pro-life if you don’t care about people after they’re born.
regulate guns.  Not a woman's body!
Yes and he's against banning bump stocks, hypocrisy at its finest
