
With Mitch, Obama gave 105 billion to Syria,Passed ACA,Passed Tax Hikes,  & failed to repeal ACA! Good Job Mitch
Laughable! Without @realDonaldTrump you would not have Gorsuch! You guys are on the wrong side of America! #DrainTheSwamp
Yes John the GOP with Mitchs' help stole the SCOTUS seat! A fellow Louisianan!
One trick pony.
Hahahahahahahaha! Any competent majority leader would have done this.
Well it's over with, this is today, turncoat comes to mind????
Mitch is a soulless creature who only services his mega donors. Mitch = party over country..
Mitch supports Putin and Russia
OMG TRUMP picked him! You trying to steal Trump's hard work again
Without @realDonaldTrump, Neil Gorsuch would not be on Supreme Court. Without RINOs, my insurance premium would be going down, not up again
Same Neil Gorsuch who will give a speech inside a #Trump hotel, enriching the president in violation of #EmolumentsClause @gop #hypocrites
Sir, I believe you're right. Without @SenateMajLdr 's determination to prevent President Obama from filling the SC seat
Without @SenateMajLdr 8 yrs of doing NOTHING and getting paid for it, I guess tbat earned you @gop lazy ass #hypocrite respect?
He was only able to pull it off cause he switched to the nuclear option. We must do that for all legislation. Get some work done, guys.
Without President Trump, Neil Gorsuch would not be on the Supreme Court.
Without Trump; Hillary would be president 
Live look at @realDonaldTrump and @Team_Mitch 

Can we get this statue taken down? Can the real Republican Party stand up?
Why are you posting this nonsense? Shouldn't you be having a town hall somewhere?
Exactly! Get back to work
#Ditch Mitch. He is actively working to subvert the President of the United States!  Treasonous behavior
I'm a R In Louisiana! I want R&R on Obamacare! He's failed! We are watching ALL R's right now! We vote according to your votes in Congress!
Good point. But what have you done for me lately
Without Mitch McConnell we would be a helluva lot better off - you're traitors and Nazi sympathizer suffer you don't get rid of Dumpy!
That's the only good thing Mitch ever did now it's time 2 DITCH MITCH. His trying 2 destroy the Republican Party needs to go. Ryan also
Mith plays dirty and is reaping his just rewards. Your party runs on racism and lies. The bible tells us not the way to heaven.
Mitch can't rest on his laurels.  He must keep his WORD to repeal ObamaCare.

Lol deplorable, then Russians, the fascists, then white supremacist, lol what's next week just don't call us alt-left hahaha
Repeal And Replace!!
F all the corrupt rinos like trick ass mitch, flake, McCancer, Collins, etc. primary these cuckservatives
@Team_Mitch No,without Presi Trump, Gorsuch would not be Supreme.... #51 if Mitch won't do it Chuckie will #DumpRinoFlake

Yes, thanks for stealing that supreme court seat
This is sarcasm, right? Like the way people say "Thank, Obama!"?
Without Mitch McConnell stealing Merrick Garland's seat, Neil Gorsuch would not be on Supreme Court. Thank you for being a thief, Mitch!
Racist stole the SC seat.  No honor
You're not a good person.
Great job Sen. Kennedy, you were able to sum up all of Sen McConnell's accomplishments in just one tweet!
Without Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, Mitch would have been run out of town.
And that has changed what as of now?
Pardon me! What! He doesn't deserve that much credit. Conservative leadership has been rare from him at best. Get busy & #RepealObamaCare!
You hack. He hijacked the seat and threw out hundred years of precedent to not allow Pres Obama to even allow his nominee a hearing.
Be careful giving him too much credit! One out of ten is a poor batting average!
Merrick Garland.
Without breaking rules (which were there for a reason) Gorsuch wouldn't be on SC. You can't do your job.
Are you going to speak out against the sickening white supremacist antics in Virginia or are you afraid you'll offend your political base?
That's great JK. Now let's get the prez agenda through when y'all get back. Never should have took recess
What a waste of taxpayer dollars you are!!  That's what's important to you today??!  It's time for you to go!
Refusing to hold hearings for 44's last appointee was reprehensible and unAmerican.
.@SenJohnKennedy 

You're thanking Ole Betch BaConnell for destroying the Senate.

The rules Betch broke to deny Garland's hearing matter.
Those two are actually a lot alike. Both appear to be team players. Interesting dynamics, interesting perspectives.
And with Mitch McConnell we are still laboring with an unconstitutional Obama Care they promised to Repeal, Thanks McConnell & McCain
Cc: @ComfortablySmug
I would rather you say nothing about @SenateMajLdr given the open actions on Our President's Agenda, until @realDonaldTrump gets Repeal.
I appreciate that, but he was a total failure as a leader on repealing Obamacare.Repealing Obamacare is a litmus test for me.He needs to go!
While you're patting McConnell on the back this morning for stealing a SC seat, where is your statement on #Charlottesville? Disgraceful.
Your constituents are wondering where YOU are senator. Did you get lost during recess or are you just hiding because you're scared?
He's a coward
And your point is?
don't you have a phone line to Mitch?  Oh, not senior enough....or just talks to others.  Why tweet to Mitch???????? Self promotion sickness
Stolen seat, Sir.
Sen, why does Mr. Kushner still have security clearance?  He has lied about contact with RU numerous times. Does the GOP even care? Cowards.
Needs to listen to the ppl's wishes. But yes I will thank him for that help.
My, get me some pearls to clutch, did you just make a semblance of a statement, Senator?
W/o violating 200+ years of US tradition, Gorsuch wouldn't be holding Garland's seat. Shame on you & repubs for supporting this theft #NOLA
How about sessions, Carson, Devos, perry, Pruitt?  Your pals screwing USA.  Your team is red hot! Not!!!
Ok that hreat so this makes it ok for yall to not work faster, vacation after work is done American people are sick of nothing being done
Great. Republican had 8yr to get a bill to pull together make a bill. STOP BLAMING PRESIDENT WE SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT do your job, now
Sir, will you be making a comment on the white supremacists rally in Virginia? Or the mosque bombing in Minnesota?
The answer to that is no. He's doesn't have any character
I hope when you get the chance you will vote for a better Senate Majority Leader and get rid of this clown.
That doesn't excuse his weak leadership and failure to keep the most important promise of #Repeal
Without President Donald Trump Niel Gorsuch wouldn't be on the Supreme Court!
Careful @SenJohnKennedy. Wouldn't want Trump to see his perfect fanboy stepping out of line.
Yes. Congrats to McConnell for his dirty political tricks. Stole a SC seat. Yay!  @SenJohnKennedy is a career politician on gov't welfare!
This is a stretch, senator. Any kudos needs to wait until tax reform is complete.
McConnell stole that seat from Merrick Garland. President Obama's nominee had every right to a Senate hearing and McConnell denied that!
Uhh gee that's to bad however move on I think all u alt lefts did well under previous admin
You're right...just remember that in you're other dealings with the juvenile madman otherwise known as #POTUS...@STOPtheMADNESS
Right, because he's the ONLY person who could have done that.
You are growing A tad bit of spine but how about condemning Trump's remarks about @SenateMajLdr directly?
I am surprised st you. I expected this from done but not you. Shsme
You cannot say that for certain.

Yes he would've. Gorsuch is almost as ideal as the GOP can get for a Supreme Court nominee.
Weak argument senator. Any republican leader in the senate could have gotten Gorsuch. Where is tax reform, repeal Obamacare, the wall, etc.
