Republican Senator advocating for God's intervention "looks like it was designed on purpose". That's easy! ..
Remember this is the guy who allegedly loves Sartre & Kierkegaard too.
John Kennedy will sell himself to aby audience.  These days he's playing for the rubes. Total phony.
this man clearly does not care about all of the citizens of Louisiana. Until this type of politician has no power, we lose.
I am scared by this move with no replacement ready and offended it took place while we slept. #wreckless
Thanks for your vote. Now make sure that the New health bill is also put in place along with the rest of President's plans.
Do you fully comprehend you're going to wreck the lives of 28% of the population in our state?
I wouldn't brag about this. #NOTMYSENATOR
Fix the parts that don't work.  Don't let people die without provisions or a plan.  I am your constituent. #ACA
Deserving working Louisianian wants to know what this great plan looks like before you proudly repeal my #obamacare #aca
So where is it??
I don't believe there is a plan, but let's see it. Anything but a pres veto would be betrayal. What about #1 JOBS JOBS JOBS
In your campaign you said you supported #Trump, who pledged to repeal & replace. Where's the replacement to #Obamacare?
is it your opinion that the ACA is intended to screw LA fams either on purpose, design, or stupidity?
You are a pox on the name of Kennedy. You should be deeply ashamed of yourself.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Neely_Kennedy … He does have a
family. Suggest u email or write him
And what is the replacement plan?  No repeal without a plan.
Your a criminal.
And you also voted to make it easier to cut SS and Medicare. So much for campaign pledges.
I disagree. Without a replacement plan for #Obamacare you leave many without insurance. #Louisiana needs good health care.
It was designed with a purpose. With people in mind not politics. Taking healthcare away from millions is #deplorable @SenJohnKennedy
and pal Cassidy just happens to have the clearest plan available. 1 from each of 3 columns.  Choose your own poison!
maybe this would be believable if your party actually had a plan to replace it with. #obamacare
BS you voted to change social security, medicare and the ACA.  tell the truth.  You talked too slow today and kiss ass well.
Did these families not deserve it 8 years ago?? Where were you guys then?? At least #WeThePeople got something. +20 mil
Proud of yourself? Great work; taking away healthcare as your first act.
Then don't look to the @GOP as the reason we don't have single payer is because they would only let us have Romneycare 2.0.
Shame on you - you are killing millions.
and you're happy you voted to take healthcare away from people? Disgusting.
it's repulsive for you to brag about eliminating many Americans chance to live. Show us a better fix first. #Obamacare
and surely YOU know that the next attempt to care for LA fams will be superior in every way!  BS!  ACA needs tweaking only
.@SenJohnKennedy No, "sir". Louisiana (and American) families deserve a healthcare system that works. The Affordable Care Act works.
Yea so what's your plan? wasn't 5 years enough to figure one out? @Brasilmagic @jonfavs @puppymnkey @CourtPencil
Shame on you! Why are you trying to hurt Americans & take away their coverage? #NoRepealWithoutReplace #SaveTheACA
Louisianians have the 2nd lowest life expectancy in the US. This has changed little since 1985. It is unconscionable.
Would you be so kind to provide the source of this? I have loved ones in LA. Thank you!
here's the data https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_life_expectancy …
Thank you!
20 million people kicked off insurance ... yay!!! #whiteterrorist rejoice!!!!  #BiteUS
You are as stupid as you look ... what is wrong with the people of LA .. too much crawfish head sucking I guess ....
Obamacare is #ACA
stop lying to your hard working people.
if you can id the people in the photo w/ you, it would help me know you better.  birds of a feather.......you know the rest
repealing without replacement plan will cost Louisiana jobs, money and heath coverage! Shame on you
you are mistaken in vote- do not repeal the ACA/Obamacare wo viable replacement plan
Can you point us to the replacement plan. We all want to know what is being proposed. Thanks.
Do you have a replacement in mind?
Healthcare is a right, and you are going to take it away from millions of people. You should be ashamed.
I promise you that millions of americans do not want their health care taken away from them. First plan & replace w/caution
your state is 44th in household median income. Most need to choose between food or healthcare. Work on that instead.
Maybe come up with a replacement before leaving millions of people without healthcare? Seems both heartless & short sighted.
Please don't strip 22 million people of their health insurance.
Why in God's name would you do that without a replacement for immediate coverage?  People's lives are at stake!!
what would that plan be? You gays keep saying the same thing but we have yet to see a PLAN! Republicans don't act they talk.
I don't like Obamacare either. Medicare 4 all would be much better. Take middleman insurance companies out of healthcare
Yes, denying healthcare to millions of Americans is admirable- especially when the non-existent GOP plan is so much better..
YOU are ONLY a SIGN of the TIMES. And mister, THE TIMES,THEY are A-CHANGIN' ~ 
#AntiChrist
#SoldierForSatan 
#Abomination
I live in Lft & am totally opposied to this without a replacement plan.  Fix don't repeal. #repairdontreplace
Did you also propose a replacement or do you prefer millions go uninsured?
And you voted for something that will leave them literally with nothing. Why is that? Cuz you don't care?

Why have you not had something ready? You've been voting for repeal for 6 years.  You are cruel & cowardly.


Where is it? Lot of fucking talking but no action. More bullshit.
Would you vote for members of Congress to lose their health care? No, didn't think so.
And how do you justify taking away health coverage for 20+M Americans?
SHAMEFUL 
Making America Sick Again! So you are with Trumpcare that abandons, bankrupts & kills American? #Voterstakenote #MASG
I know you fake Christians don't believe in a god, but, ... just imagine what's gonna happen to you when it's over for you!!
And so what is your plan? All this bullshit on repeal and NOBODY has said what you're going to do. Sound bites suck #answers
shame on you to relea without a replacement
#MakeAmericaSickAgain you are an embarrassment #TheResistance #DemForce
you voted to repeal something without a replacement. No way a replacement is created in 50 hours of debate.
and your last name is...?
Not surprised, but shame on you.
with what? Fill in the blank! #MakeAmericaSick
boo
tell us again what the rush is 2 strip this coverage w/out any replacement? Not confident in ur abilities to "design" one?
please tell us about the health care system you guys designed. Inquiring minds want to know!
WHY - Are You In This MONEY GRAB ? Doesn't make sense ?
I'm sick of pretending. You guys have been gloves off for ages so time to call it out, you're truly an awful person.
YOU are not - NOT a Kennedy !
I am looking forward to your plan. Medicaid expansion in LA saved me. As a retired Hospital Social Worker I'd love 2  share
Oh yeah. That plan you don't have. #makeamericasickagain #deathpanels
You would do well to refrain from publicly announcing your dark hearted political ambitions.
r's have had six years to come up with something better. You don't care about your constituents.
you will instead move to offer universal care, single payer? So we can truly bring down premiums by removing profit motive
I rely on this health care plan for my insurance as my employer doesn't provide any. Thanks for leaving me without care.
Please do NOT repeal it.
So what are you replacing #Obamacare with?
NEW PLAN IS???? I'm  sorry, I didn't  hear your answer..could you repeat please? Waiting tap..tal..tap..tap
I invite you to talk to my friends such as Bob Cesca @bobcesca_go who will lose his insurance if you are successful.
Quite honestly, sir, he's terrified and I'm terrified for him. I'm begging you to reconsider.
LA families will not reelect you again....trust that.
So, like intelligently designed??  Makes perfect sense.
What a shame that you lack the grace, mercy and compassion of the real John Kennedy. You are miniscule in comparison.
when asked about provisions in ACA, most people who are against "Obamacare" are for what's in it. Your vote hurts Louisiana.
You voted to strip 20 million Americans of healthcare & Karma is a B--CH just so that you know. Pompous azz is what you are.
what's your alternative to help people who you will harm? Stop being partisan and think of the actual people you will hurt.
so what is that healthcare system? GOP is all about making the other guy look bad and never about solutions or...people.
accomplishment ?
what is that design? Does it include free lifetime healthcare for all of congress?
Thanks for taking away my health care.
and what is that system that you designed so carefully in your lab?
Can you tell us what that system is then before you eliminate Obamacare?
as one of your constituents, this tweet upsets me greatly. The ACA needs tweaking, not repeal
@KAIJUKING23 you've had years to present such plan. We've yet to see it. Will ur healthcare plan go away too w/ ACA repeal?
I say we take away your health insurance that we the people pay for...
you R obviously interested in hoisting a canard. Obamacare is VERY designed. U just must not understand it or how it works 2 say what U did
Delete your account
'Cuz you think Obamacare isn't good enough, you'll take away what good it is & leave nothing? And that makes sense to whom?
What we LA families deserve is for (say it with me) AFFORDABLE CARE ACT to stay & 4 U 2 stop being a Marmalade Mao flunkie.
Liar. ACA WAS designed on purpose; from Heritage Foundation. A Republican Plan. But you already knew that. Gasbag.
Wrong!
Why in the hell would you voter to repeal before you have a replacement plan?
Says the hypocrite whose salary & gvt health ins is paid for by the same taxpayers he wants to deprive of health insurance.
We should take away your healthcare too.
Please repeal #Obamacare and replace with the #ACA (it was based on Republican ideas!)?
 Just as suspected.. no plans... .  #GOPgarbage
Boo. It's working fine. And you don't have anything to replace it with yet.
I'll give you 3:1 odds you end up with the exact same plan with the name changed to "Republicare"
You have no replacement plan, John. Nada. Admit it. You have no idea what you are doing.
And you have a plan for this purposeful system? Or are you just taking stuff away and declaring victory?
An Australian looks at the USA with wonder. Wondering what new lunacy they can dream up now.
I urge American to migrate to Australia, free from Trump and with a universal health care system that looks after us all.
Tim, if you don't vote in Australia they put you in jail? That's some real freedom there
The people did not ask for OBAMA ARE to be repealed and we will revolt against you and you will lose.
LA fams deserve legislators who care about poor people. Only Mississippi relies more heavily on Federal welfare $$$ than you
I'm disappointed that you voted to take away my health insurance without giving me a better option first
.@SenJohnKennedy ACA had a design.  Too bad a bunch of R states rejected Mcaid expansion then spread lies to discourage signups.
Embarrassing and gross.
shame!!!
First order of business: kick people off their health care plans. That's the priority. Unreal. You guys are evil. #MAGA
Then, for God's sake, design one before ripping away the one that stands. Cheesh.
and what health care system would that be?
So what's your plan? You've had 6 years - you're a disgrace.
Throw 20-30 million off coverage and drive insurance/healthcare costs up even further. Yep, you're a gem 
.@SenJohnKennedy Funny you mention California. You claim to represent the people but how are your actions benefiting anyone? #Obamacare
what's that design? To keep them alive?
Disgraceful
Repeal and--------??????
that doesn't even make sense
.@SenJohnKennedy And replace it with what!? 25% of people who benefited from obamacare are Californians
It *was* designed on purpose, you twit. Perhaps had GOP not sabotaged it to allow it to pass….
great! So you're for single payer! Get right on it buddy! The american people are waiting!
Which it would have been if Republicans signed on in beginning instead of saying "No" for 8 yrs. Can't fool us this time.
And by the way, what does "healthcare system that looks like it was designed on purpose" even mean????
Such a hero. What's your next move? Stomping on anthills?
Do you even have a plan? You're taking away a healthcare sys before you even introduce one to replace it. What is your plan?
Agreed.  Obama's mistake was in implementing a plan originally designed by Republicans.
Shoulda gone with single payer in the first place.
Its comical that you are proud of this vote. What a jackass
Wherebus your solution? And don't tell me buying across state lines and saving accounts, that does nothing.
when will you replace? Just going to let people die while waiting for insurance????
You have the logic and the brain to fix it or create a onepay system. You had great ideas on the Jindall budget.
Why should I pay for someone else's ER visit?!
stop the repeal of #Obamacare  We know how each of you voted & will be calling tomorrow! http://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=115&session=1&vote=00001 …
Maybe if the conservatives didn't f*ck around with it, it would work as intended. Conservatives did this and we won't forget
What parts of ACA do you dislike?  Is there anything about it that you do like?
What's the plan? You're hellbent on depriving the sick of health insurance so what do they deserve + when will they get it?
Of course you did. You don't care about Americans, its about the $$$$$$. Pathetic
What do you mean by "Designed on purpose"?
Medicare was designed on purpose, Medicare for all!  As for Ins.Comps, well the gov isn't supposed to pick winners/losers.
booooooo
ugh, change your name! You're nothing like the great JohnKennedy who cared about people
How about you and your family sign up for GOP health plan and use only that. Then we'll talk.
We the people should repeal health coverage for Congress. Are we not equal human beings ?
People will die if you destroy ACA.  You are responsible for the welfare of the people. Please take your job seriously.
You, sir, are a disgrace.
If I may paraphrase "Sir, you are NO John Kennedy" earn your name.
not insurance company hand out
.@SenJohnKennedy as a constituent you do not speak for me. Obamacare prevented the insurance company from taking away a drug I need.
Okay now please tell us about the replacement plan.
Your own party did a poll and 29% support overturning ACA. Way to represent the people.
.@SenJohnKennedy I can't wait to get the hell out of this bum state so I can finally have representatives who care about people.
Give up your health insurance first!
Any replacement? You are playing politics with people's lives. YOUR healthcare is free for life.Unfair!#MakeAmericaSickAgain
You're not going to do anything resembling work, so it's not going to happen.
