Are you proud if this?
You are an embarrassment to everyone here in LA. You are a bully and #sallyyates should have told you off! enjoy your only term in Congress.
If you are not embarrassed by this, you are not very bright.
A truly embarrassing performance, Senator.
You need to start questioning the actions of Trump, not those who have the courage to stand up to his unconstitutional directives and deeds.
You embarrassed yourself lol. Your questions were irrelevant and inconsequential, much like your career.
Yates knows what her job is & she was confirmed b/c she would do the right thing, not just what the president says. It's called integrity.
Will you question the traitor in the WH? Aaron Burr said this to Senate.
If the Constitution be destined ever to perish by the demagogue or the usurper its expiring agonies will be witnessed on this floor.-A. Burr
the social media team for the senator is awful. why would you broadcast this clumsy round of questioning
We need an #IndependentInvestigation
Sasse now joining Burr, Lankford, McCain vs firing ... Psst, other R's: This is the chance to jump off the Trump train(wreck)
Why were you so rude? Why did you interrupt her so many times? Misogyny on display.
The MO of Southern white men for the most part.
And you looked like a damn fool.
What say you? Republic or Republican party? Jindal now Trump: attack hypocrisy!
We will find out soon who in Congress believes in the Republican Party and who believes in the Republic.
I watched the entire hearing. And I demand that an independent prosecutor look into #TrumpRussia
Your lack of patriotism was an embarrassment...what did you do today? Are you going to make sure #TrumpRussia gets investigated or not?!
Boy that was cleverly edited. Psst, you still bombed no matter how #FoxNews tries to edit it. #SallyYates made you a clown!
sorry I don't watch that news crap .. especially you .. #Trump whores
Here's the story you should be pondering.  #Comey asked for funds to expand Russia investigation. 3 days later fired. We aren't idiots.
More like a lowlight! You sounded like a true ignoramus...#uncleFluffy #whatajoke
I'm deeply disturbed by firing of Comey. How is this not obstruction of justice? Time for GOP to call for independent special prosecutor.
Classified, unclassified. Is that like flammable, inflammable?
Too bad you wasted your opportunity to ask about FLYNN CRIMES, PERJURY, COLLUSION to try & discredit Yates & Clapper! COMPLICIT GOP MEMBER!
I watched it! You sound like the type of #Redneck who would #FuckHisCousin  #Fat #Racist #White #Man
Ha ha ha Sally Yates made you look like a fool 
Why are you standing by Trump when it will mean the end of your career? Are you really the bumpkin you portray on TV?
So if something is unconstitutional resign rather than stand your ground.  So let the corruption continue?
Now you claim the disaster was a highlight performance?  Incredible!  What trip are you on?

Any Republicans who defend Trump on Comey are complicit and will share the wrath of voters and of history.
Special price
You proved yourself a complete moron with your questioning. You are an embarrassment to the state of LA.
If this is a good job for you, Les Miles must've been an offensive genius to you too
You do understand that Sally Yates worked for the country, NOT that menace in the White House.  I see you're a party over country hack.
Well said on behalf of all of us!
Would you have treated a man in such a disrespectful manner? Shame on you.
Sally Yates is true patriot. Why are repubs shielding traitors to our great country? Why? Why? Why?
You are a huge disappointment.
I can't believe you posted this. Are you truly proud of your demeaner and questions? Are you proud of rudely cutting Yates off repeatedly?
I remember Jeff Sessions questioning her as well about the duties of the AG, do you?
So what did we learn about Russia?
You embarrassed yourself yesterday
The look on @SallyQYates face during your time said  "These are the dumbest questions I've ever heard."  I just wish she'd said it aloud.
Super glad we missed it! But thanks for showing it again and still looking like a condescending jerk. Good times!!
And you look like a partisan hack who chooses party over country
You owe Sally Yates and the  people an apology.  hearing was on Russian interference with the election and you bring up the Muslim ban. 
We saw how U embarrassed your self when u were talking about leaks and should have been talking RUSSIA!
Wake up John you are supporting a dictator that will be handled soon enough.  Put your head down and do the right thing
Why would you want to draw attention to what an embarrassment you are? You asked Clapper if he ever leaked UNCLASSIFIED information!
What the video of you stumbling over yourself and sounding like a fool. That video?
You being unaware of showing your ass with your questions yesterday might be the scariest part.
Thanks for the link indicating you're a traitor.
You were fabulous!
Did you get the lobotomy before or after you switched from Dem to GOP?
You're posting this as if you're proud of it. Do you realize the entire country is mocking you? Not just an embarrassment, but dense as well
Man you were in way over your head
Why, why, why would you encourage anyone to watch a video in which you humiliate yourself? Seriously, are you okay? Fingers crossed.
It was cringe making watching an elected representative make this absurd remark. Shameful for you & a pleasure for us to see her school you
I watched,Well done Sir.

Rep. you looked the fool w/your uniformed attack.  She did her job-you try it. Investigate Russia and quit trying to be a hotshot.
FYI
#LaSen
All you were trying to do was to deflect from the subject of the hearing: What did former acting AG tell the WH about Flynn. And rudely.
Just to be clear for you: rudeness on your part. Professionalism on her part.
You call this a highlight? Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha  BTW- I know of the perfect retirement home for you.
That "highlight" is misleading
#SallyYates was amazing when she kicked kennedy's arse. It was a pleasure to watch leaving me glad I don't have him representing my state
Stop asking about leaks! Focus on the fact that the FBI has something at all. If the admin & GOP were clean, there would be nothing to leak.
You asked the same dumb question repeatedly. Congrats!
This is you looking like a joke. I've never seen this before where entire audience laughs at Senator.
KENNEDY: Have you ever leaked classified or unclassified to a member of the press?

...…
@kylegriffin1    Clueless..became a laughing stock
Senator Kennedy, please have someone explain the constitution to you. Stat.
I saw and loved a woman who stands up for the Constitution!  There is hope. Been SMH lately

Someone please inform @SenJohnKennedy that multiple courts have already ruled the ban to be unconstitutional. Yates was correct. https://twitter.com/cnnpolitics/status/861684009058922498 …
I caught it. It was shameful. I remember when you weren't so intellectually dishonest. Guess partisan politics blackens the soul...
I did watch! You're an embarrassment to the state of Louisiana! How can you leak unclassified information???
