What an embarrassment you were to the state of Louisiana today.
Every time i hear him speak, he comes off as an ignorant bully who thinks he is pretty special. We have Steve King in Iowa...also bad.
Very true. The karma bus cant run over them soon enough.
Ha, ha....the karma bus!!
Please try not to embarrass our state when doing these things.  Don't you have a staff that can help you not seem like a dim witted hick?
Too late. #YatesHearing
aw shucks, aw shucks  ... aw shucks lil lady ... i'm just the Senator of Mayberry, LA ....

I say I say I say lemme jist wax metaphysical on these here unclassified documents being leaked.
Haha I love how he said "I don't want to wax metaphysical" twice because he wrote that a week ago and thought it sounded smart I guess?
What the hell does that even mean? Is it a thing?
He wanted to say "metaphysical" on TV, and by god he did it twice. Another #win for the GOP! Never mind Ms Yates carpet bombing their Qs...
@batterman_terri great job on ur questioning yesterday. There was arrogance n Yates answers. Ban IS on failed states. She should've resigned
@batterman_terri Dangerous 4 Yates 2interpret based on her personal belief of Trump CAMPAIGN speech. He's now POTUS&SupremeCourt will agree.
"let me stop you there" You are a RUDE SOB. Yates treated you with more respect that you deserve teabilly!
like all legislators about to conduct an important inquiry, Senz Kennedy thought "shucks better tweet first!"
Also the mayor and gov Edwards are refusing to comply with the law reporting illegal immigrants wants to make New Orleans a sanctuary city
Americans are angered, disgusted, and outraged that you, as a public servant, are more concerned with HOW the truth about Flynn leaked (1)
AND AS A LOUISIANA NATIVE, I WAS EMBARRASSED BY YOUR STUPIDITY. PLEASE STAY IN THE BACKGROUND? DON'T SHOW YOUR FACE ANYMORE.
Did nobody brief you on the issue at hand? 
Are you going to put a stop on the Mayor of New Orleans from removing historical monuments in New Orleans
Ooooops! Psst, in case you were wondering how you did today...you bombed! #Louisiana, you elected this guy!?  #epicfail #SallyYates
You tried.
Did he? If that was trying Louisiana is in bigly trouble
lol He did his best. He got right up there and he tried. Sally Yates was too advanced for him.
He was outclassed from the moment he opened his mouth till the moment he skulked out of the room with his head hung low in shame
Would you kindly let me know which parts of the Constitution you do support? Since Freedom of Press is not one?
She had you ALL for lunch !!! Lol
Will not arrest illegals living in city
Independent investigation, NOW! The people will never forget how the Repubs betrayed the country by trying to make this a joke!
Great job SEN Kennedy-Sally Yates was NOT qualified to make the call regarding the executive order by Pres.Supreme Ct makes final judgment!
multiple courts have agreed with her, none so far with our so-called Prez.
Golly John, there's pretty tough competition among your fellow Republicans, but you might just be the dumbest person in the Senate.
The hearing was about Russian interference. Instead, you chose to try to deflect it towards Trump's unconstitutional #MuslimBan. Why?

(2) then the threat that he posed to our national security! SHAME ON YOU!!!Americans are not having it anymore, Senator.
You nailed her sir! Spot on! Defiance was totally political!!
"Waxing metaphysical" You are an embarrassment to this state. Your ignorance was laughed at during a Senate hearing. That's gotta smart.
Take more photos with children to make you look good. #OldestTrickInTheBook #SallyYates
Did #SallyYates leak unclassified information too? 
How did it go?
Spoiler alert: his ignorance literally got him *laughed at*.
Yes we saw and you are an embarrassment.  People must LA voters are fools. @IndivisibleNO @MtarieIndvsble
You did a fantastic job!
You are a rock star. Greatest quote of that hearing "who appointed you to the SCOTUS?"  I applauded in my office!
You need to understand the job of the Attorney General of the United States before questioning Sally Yates.
Well done Senator.
Your embarrassing rebuke of Yates yesterday demonstrates loyalty to @gop over constitution and . The stain on your reputation won't fade.
Embarrassing for you. You're revealed as shallow partisan spewing talking points to defend ignorant Buffoon POTUS. #theworldislaughingatyou
Have you leaked unclassified info? Reps are fake not the media!
You made a fool of yourself, sir. Your patronizing and condescending attitude does not belong at this hearing. Country over party is needed.
Yates totally smoked you at the hearing! You attempted to convolute the hearing to further distract and it backfired on you.
Your questioning of Yates was a national embarrassment.

#Russiagate #PutinsBitch #Impeach #Imprison #Treason 
Frankly, Senator, you scare me. I don't think I can trust you to support and defend the Constitution.
U swore to "support and defend the constitution", Senator. All in public office took this oath.  Sally Yates took it seriously. Do you?
Don't be good German, Senator.
Can we trust you, Senator, to uphold the Constitution? Or are you going to abdicate that duty because it's not your job? Yes, Senator, it is
One of the bodies Sally Yates left on the committee floor...
Hearing was supposed to be about Russian interference. Your attempt to discredit Sally Yates on the travel ban failed. You looked foolish.
You really made a fool of yourself in the hearing. Sally Yates was class. Delete the cl, and that describes your performance.
You shouldn't bothered!! She wiped the floor with you
You have a legal duty to resist unconstitutional orders. Your loyalty is to the Constitution, not to a president who wants you to violate it
You swore to uphold the Constitution when you took office. It's your duty as a public office-holder. You can't just go along until SC rules.
Just like the senate Nunez. trying to distract w/ irrelevant questions. SO OBVIOUS!. another complicit lap puppy!
You embarrassed yourself
Wow! Did you ever look bad.
Senator Kennedy, you say you mean no disrespect then you ask Ms Yates who appointed her to the Supreme Court. That was snide and asinine.
Watched you question #SallyYates and was reminded of why I left LA the second I got the chance. Such an embarrassment.
Well, well, well. I watched your little performance today & feel sorry for the people of LA who voted for you, because you're...not good.
Not impressed with GOPers who took the opportunity to veer off topic in a sad attempt to score political points.  Country before  party!
You did an excellent job today.  The best part of the entire boring hearing.  Please find the leakers abd prosecute!!!!!!
The hearing was about Flynn. You didn't ask one question about Flynn.  Are you that clueless
?
Disgrace!
Boy, I can't wait until your next town hall. I'm so taking off work. You are going to answer for your embarrassing display today. #resist
well done today when you asked Sally when she had been appointed to the Supreme Court I almost died so good
"Wax too metaphysical"? Huh? #SallyYates owned you & your GOP buds. Next time, stick to the hearing topic.
So you still aren't replying about making a fool of louisiana today?  You were sad.  Glad I didn't vote for you..
Why do you ask questions that have nothing to do with the matter unless you absolutely know nothing
I try to convince my yankee friends that everyone from Louisiana is NOT like U!  @SallyQYates My sincere apologies 4 this ignorant buffoon!
You tried to bully #SallyYates but she repeatedly handed you your hat! You are NO MATCH for this educated, intelligent woman of integrity!
And a foolish and posturing line of questioning it was. The president can't order you to do something illegal.
better forget this
U embarrassed urself & ur state asking nonsense leak questions. Senator, ever divulge "unclassified" info? Ha!
Asking Sally Yates who appointed her to the Supreme Court was a condescending question -- who appointed you as one of the head assholes?
You know Sally Yates is smarter than you by orders of magnitude, right? The gutting you took today was a prime example.
I'm really sad that you carry the Kennedy name
And you, sir, are a real ass.
Hopefully we will vote you out next term. Don't ask questions of someone and then tell them you aren't interested in their answer.
Did @FoxNews cover the part where you asked Clapper about leaking unclassified information and everyone laughed out loud?
Just finished watching...was your intent to come off like a bumbling simp or is that just a byproduct of LA's education system?
Were they classified or unclassified questions. Sir they all laughed at your questions to Clapper. Guess what #SallyYatesIsAPatriot #Fail
I enjoyed your bold stand against telling the truth and defending the constitution...and your powerful stand for being a morals free coward
Who questioned who, Commie?
Questioned? More like attacked. You clearly choose your party over your constituents. Hopefully your pompous ass gets tossed in 2018
Point of clarification, sir: the DOJ's "client," to use your term, is the American people and the Constitution, not the occupant of the WH.
did you ever knowingly or unknowingly waste the taxpayers' money with barely literate questions?
Yates made you look pretty dumb today.   And didn't Clapper have the entire hearing laughing at (not with) you?
You were more concerned about the leak than the actual crime of the Trump campaign colluding with the Russians to sway the election #resist
You're a complete embarrassment to the US Senate.Have some decency and resign!
Every GOP Sen asking questions made it clear their REAL concern was Flynn was OUTED as a Traitor- NOT that he WAS a Traitor!! #2018
Every single person watching the GOPs stunning attempt @ obfuscation were thinking: They TOO were as upset as Trump that Flynn was outed.
You are a complete embarrassment to AMERICA! Sally Yates tore you a new one!
I used to loathe you. After today, I have downgraded my opinion.
You sure looked like a bully...and a fool today. Don't mess with a powerful smart woman again. Bingo, you lost big time!
You were disrespectful, rude, & condescending. You are an embarrassment to Louisiana. Enjoy your limited time left in office, Senator.
Good work Senator. Great questions!
This SWLA family thinks you did an amazing job today!!
Then pay attention and don't tweet. AND, you could have let her fully answer some of your stupid and demeaning questions.
Maybe you should be paying attention instead of tweeting.
4/ you cannot defend what you do not know." ~ SCOTUS Justice Anthony Kennedy
3/ All of us must do so. But you cannot preserve what you do not revere; you cannot protect what you have not learned;
2/ With this possession come serious responsibilities. It's not just the President who must preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution.
1/ "The Constitution does not belong just to judges and attorneys. It is yours. And with this possession come serious responsibilities.
Sad that you would apparently vote to enact laws that you believe are unconstitutional since you testified that only SCOTUS can decide that.
It is costing a fortune to hold these hearing and you ask questions of Yates, not relating to Flynn. Not a hearing for you to play games.
watching you today was painfully embarrassing, maybe try doing some research before sounding like a fool...
Second best part of the Sally Yates hearing was #SallyYates dealing with Senator Kennedy - https://youtu.be/u-bitinqcAU  - Watch her patience
This so called Sen. Kennedy is just another party before country republican. disrespectful mean spirited old jerk.I bet he has gross feet
How did "unclassified" information get out? Are you that stupid? What a traitor! Love watching u destroy career for this traitor
What's that saying: "Great play Shakespear"!
Oh dude, you made such a fool of yourself. Unless it's a nickname for your car, you don't "wax metaphysical".  You & Cruz both got spanked.
Hahahaha! .... doofus
Senator- you CAN'T wax metaphysically. You can wax physically and I recommend the Brazilian wax. Were you dropped on your head? @SenateGOP
LA - remember this guy when his seat is up for re-election, we are better than this POS. He is an embarrassment to this country!
putting this on your Twitter account is CLASSLESS.AMERICA SHOULD BE QUESTIONING YOUR MENTAL HEALTH #SallyYates
Demoralized to see a member of the senate so inept.  Declassified and classified have different meanings.
Making  excuses for Russian interference with democracy? That was painful to watch.
Epic fail, Yates handed your ass to you.
An embarrassing display on your part.
How are you gonna wash all that grim off? Shilling for a traitor is dirty work. And schooled by a woman, to boot. Rough day for an old man.
it is pronounced Pootin, not Pewtin like Pepe le Pew.
If you're too dense to realize it, know that the majority of us know that Clapper and Yates destroyed you & GOP today.
1. Honestly it hurts to see you asking Yates, interrupting her time & again. You ask "What makes it unconstitutional?" You know the answer.
Shame on you!  Sally Yates has more integrity in her middle finger than you.
Im so glad she determines whats constitutional and whats not
The travel ban she found unconstitutional...
As 'Its intent was to ban Muslims'
The VISA ban was from "predominantly Muslim countries" that both @POTUS and Obama labeled "havens of terrorism..."
She failed to realize, the bans from 7 countries..That..
They're predominantly Muslim countries b/c if ur not Muslim
Ur predominantly killed
there's no such thing as a dumb question doesn't apply to @SenJohnKennedy
Senator, were you dropped on your head as a child. What a putrid display of "questioning" Laughable. @SenateGOP @SenateDems @maddow @SMShow
That didn't make you look good.
You're new, so I'll explain: the AG presents opinion as to constitutionality. President can accept or reject. Your #SCOTUS reference FAILED.
This has occurred with EVERY president ... remember the DOJ opinions on torture and interrogation???
how's does your ass feel right now? Having it handed to you - by a GIRL - must be painful. And that's not metaphysical - it's metaphorical.
We saw you embarrass yourself. Study up next time ! And bring some American flags! instead of a party hat wear an American one.
And she handed you your lunch, like she did all of your ilk.
I've never heard of you until today and now I know why.  How foolish you looked!!  God I'm embarrassed for you and entire GOP

You're a joke. How in the world did u get elected? One can only hope that ur constituents saw ur laughable performance today and vote u out.
People feel frustrated sometimes not because they're stupid, but because they're really smart. @realDonaldTrump thinks Kennedy is confused 
Yeah, probably shouldn't publicize this
Kennedy: "Have you ever leaked any unclassified information?" Clapper: "Discussing UNCLASSIFIED information is not leaking". Embarrassing
Clearly Partisan questions, most NOT about #Russia meddling in US Presidential election @tedcruz @JohnCornyn couldn't stay for round2 #FAIL
Turned blind eye on potential treason on #russiagate, instead focused on trying 2 place blame on #sallyyates 4 doing her job! Shame on u!
And you completely embarrassed yourself. Wow! #NOTMyPresident
Good question on who exactly appointed her to SCOTUS
From LA and just re elected.  Makes sense.  Better hope you don't have any rubles.  We will find em.
Pubic office a privilege and you seemed very unprepared. Please better represent the people Louisiana next time.
Embarrassing day for Louisiana. #sallyyatesisapatriot
OMG u were handed ur hat. Ur arrogance cannot "outfact" her intelligence. Sally Yates schooled u (& yes I'm adding that word to the lexicon)
John Kennedy was more interested in trying to sabotage a heroic American act, for what? To protect Douchebag Trump. This guy is a Traitor.
After hearing your questioning I am honestly wondering how you graduated school you sound illiterate. Please stop embarrassing yourself.
You did SUCH a bad job. Your poor education and lack of critical thinking ability were on full display.
You suck Sally killed you on the stand
Questioning the ballot box choices of my fellow Louisianians.
You criticized her for doing her JOB. You questioned her integrity. You doubted her competence. You could learn a lot from #SallyYates #hero
You are the biggest goob that has ever lived
Good thing you didn't have your teeth in....#SallyYates would have knocked them out anyway...
Wrong side of history.
She schooled you on what it means to "uphold the Constitution." Remember "just following orders"? It didn't fly then and doesn't now.
Well JK.. it was laughable.. She owned the show, it's what happens when one tells the truth, something the GOP knows nothing about.
That was embarrassing for you. Thanks for siding with traitors against our democracy. Please turn in your last name & skulk away quietly.
You are a complete joke. Ignore the treason but worry about the leaks.  What a joke. Country before party.  Comrade
What an embarrassment you were.
Are you sure you want to draw attention to your epic fail? Or did you actually intend to be the comic relief.
I don't live in Louisiana and I was embarrassed for those who do and have you as their Senator. Please get briefed before you again ask ?'s
This just in, declassified information on John Kennedy has been leaked. He's an idiot.
how embarrassing that was for you
@CNN @MSNBC Sally Yates incredible credentials.Excellent witness.Not easily intimidated by Rs attempt to discredit her on any level.
Wasn't the time nor place to question Yates about Travel Ban nor try to justify her firing. Seperate hearing for leaks and her firing.
https://twitter.com/politico/status/861683349139730438 … YOU ARE AMERICAN EMBARRASSMENT!!! #SallyYate
.@JohnKennedyLA to Sally Yates: "I don't mean any disrespect. Who appointed you to the Supreme Court?" http://politi.co/2pZogFi  
And very disrespectful!! Did make trump proud even though she was right and the courts said it was UNCONSTITUTIONAL?
