
they deserve #SinglePayer
Again STOP Sabotaging The ACA GOP Even The Insurance Company's Are Telling The People The Truth Of WHAT Your Doing.
It Would Work A Lot Better If The GOP Would STOP Sabotaging It. The ACA Was A GOP HC Idea To Begin
thank god @JohnMcCain realized that Americans deserve better than to vote yes to a bad bill. You failed LA + we won't forget
If after 7 years the GOP has nothing new to offer then more fool you. It's your failure
What we deserve is to not have wealthy politicians ripping our healthcare from us to give the wealthy tax cuts. #KeepTheACA
Ewwwww you just voted to end American lives. #2018Election
The people that r fighting against Obamacare r not fighting against Medicaid.We r fighting the other part-unaffordable/unavailable insurance
Ha! ACA was RomneyCare. Mitch brainwashed you to say "ObamaCare." ACA got 160 Repub amendments. Bottom line: Do you want HC for Americans?
I love my insurance.  Speak for yourself.  Fix the existing law and help your constituents.
That's what would b prudent, but... Why would you think that a bill that covers fewer people and covers less would b better?
We deserve #MedicareForAll and a better senator than a snake like you.
MEDICAID is important enough to be in a bill by itself.Packing everything in 1 bill purposely confuses the issues. DO THE WORK CONGRESS!
We deserve better than you as a representative if you think ripping healthcare away from our most vulnerable is a proper course of action.
All the GOP has done for seven years is complain. Bragging you had a better plan. It it turns out you have NOTHING. Just lies.
True. They deserve fixes of Obamacare, not its sabotage & destruction. Put "Obama" on it & you hate it. #ACA=#RomneyCare=#HeritageFndtnCare
The people actually won tonight. Your own CBO said that your plan would raise premiums! How is that better than ACA that covers more ppl?
7 yrs complaining but nothing better to show.  Vast majority of Americans want bipartisan improvement of ACA, not destruction of healthcare.
Louisianians deserve better than you.
Maybe we deserve an elected representative who's thinking is more flexible or dynamic.
Louisianians deserve better than you. We will hold you accountable at the polls.
We sure do. Where was your plan? I didnt see one that improved anything.
What we need is representatives who ACTUALLY REPRESENT US. Not politicians voting the party line. That #NoHealthCare bill would have killed.
Enough about the ACA. What do YOU think our health care system should look like. Define your goals for it.
Premiums are much too high - but your colleagues' bills don't address that. Focus on real change instead of your colleagues' platitudes.
We sure as hell deserve better than this garbage
Not "inbred", not "Some of these characters they drag out of the swamp..." @jimmykimmel, but a man speaking truths.
Yes! We  deserve guaranteed HC for All. Time to join the rest of the developed nations.Rs need to work w/Ds to fix probs Rs acts. created.
Everyone is losing patience with Congress.Hire a healthcare consultant group that can help you-NOT Gruber & Emmanuel! do the work!
We deserve better than you
Saw your post vote interview on CSPAN- what about a system led by a coalition of medical practitioners?
We deserve batter than YOU. Do your job and actually represent your constituents. Instead of trying to pass a bill that will kill people.
Louisiana deserves better than an ignoramus like you! We see you

Full repeal first  that's what you pushed during your election
Louisiana deserves way better than you.
Pls vote no. Fix #obamacare w/a plan. Debate it in plain sight & get support. We deserve better than secrecy. Live in 70122
"we will not repeal Obamacare until we have a new better system in place. And you can take that to the bank.”
We can't believe you.
Louisiana deserves a senator who fights for his constituents, not big business and bigotry.
VOTE NO ON PARTIAL REPEAL, it will cause insurance premiums to skyrocket, the individual mandate must stay intact, think before you vote
We deserve better than the sham process before the Senate. You must vote no or you will be seeing us all at your next town hall. VOTE NO!!!
Americans deserve single payer.  Americans deserve healthcare without a profit motive.
Louisianan deserve better than you
Americans deserve better elected officials than you. Sleep tight, pillow boy.
Americans deserve representives--like Obama--who have hearts & give us Affordable Care!! Not lies and #wealthcare for the richest! Listen up
If congress and senate won't repeal Obamacare Care then we have asked that Trump force all to use Obama Care like we the People
I love my insurance so please stay away from it You give up your Cadillac one to help out those w higher premiums
If Obamacare is so bad why keep it for urself. Americans deserve better than you. #hypocrite
You are @BobbyJindal 2.0   Same snake oil and empty promises while (literally) selling us down the river.  But, oh how you love a microphone
So we're gonna pass something worse for you! You're welcome suckers!
Total repeal!
Americans deserve 2 have both party's work 2gether 2 develop good health Ins coverage. We deserve more than the pol games Repubs r playing!
We deserve better than what you're doing.
You're sealing the fate of tens of thousands of Louisianans, those you swore to protect.  You're a liar.
it will harm those with pre-existing conditions and it will make all our rates go up.
Americans deserve better than the sneaky rush and replace with nothing that you're currently trying to do.  It strips preventative care...
Louisiana deserves better than you
Then why don't you support a better plan? Why won't you hold public meetings to explain? Why is little Johnny hiding? #stillnotownhall #NOLA
Still no office in NOLA! #STOPHIDINGfromYour Constituents. Enough already w/ Repeal and Replace! & No gutting Medicaid to fund tax cut for1%
Define "better".  Your bills raise premiums and insure less by tens of millions.
Full Repeal
nah my daughter finally have ins due to preexisting. After 20k out of pocket for her therapies before Ocare 
