Milquetoast. Racism is wrong. NeoNazis incited this violence. Denounce them by name!
What action will you take to counteract these violent haters of blacks, jews,liberals?  How about fighting voter suppression for starters.
Senator, maybe you can visit NOLA & I can show you around the WWII Museum. It might be a learning experience for you.
Also: #haveatownhall
Call it for what it is Neo- Nazis and white supremacist terrorist. If he was Muslim, you would be condemning by name. Shame on you.
David Duke is from your state was the repulican nomine for Governor once and this is all you could come out with honestly? Such a disgrace
Senator I'm in my sixties and scared as crap on what's happening to our nation. Never thought I would see this kind bad example in the WH
Any thoughts on Trump's latest words that there are "fine people" among neo-Nazi & white supremacist marchers? Are "both sides" the same?
This is a weak response to a terrorist attack in the United States.
being from Louisiana i'd think you would not want to be associated with the KKK because the rest of the country will associate you with it
Weak response.  Complicit.
Coward.
Racism is not the answer either.
My dad fought Nazis in WWII and you can't even say the word. You should visit the WWII Museum in your state and see where we're heading.
Kennedy knows a visit to New Orleans would not do him any good.  No compassion for Nola population in flood trouble and citizens know it
I know you're new to this but if u really want to make a name for yourself, denounce the hater, Donald J Trump. I guarantee You'll b famous
You must have something more to say than this pitiful line. There are Nazis & white supremacists marching! 

We are your constituents too.
...unless the question is: what should we do to Nazis. 

Next time you meet a WWII vet, be sure to say that violence is never the answer.
Put your money where your mouth is, call for @realDonaldTrump to #FireBannonMillerGorka
I no longer call your office bc you dont care about me, my family, my kids & our concerns. I worry about USA, not party. I'm disconsolate.
Ms. Pettiford, I wish I could reach through the digital ether and hug you, but I can't. And I wish I could state with certainty
that your sense that @SenJohnKennedy doesn't really care about you and those you love is misplaced, but I can't. What I _can_ do, though,
is assure you that you are not alone as you ride through this heartbreak. And I can encourage you
to keep calling the Senator's offices anyway. He may not listen to your one voice; he may not listen to our hundred voices. But so long as
we keep calling him, and telling him what matters to us, he cannot then truthfully say he didn't know what we, his constituents, were
thinking/demanding/outraged by/thankful for. So we keep speaking, because it's right. And because it's fundamentally part of being
a good, responsible citizen. And, frankly, and most basically of all, because we still can.   (202) 224-4623 
Lame.
Denounce white supremacy! This is a weak statement. How about we discuss it at a town hall?
Weak statement from a weak pol. Do u support Trump/Bannon/Duke or civilized American values? Quit hiding & take a stand for decency. #NOLA
It's not enough to say that there is a problem. A good leader will take decisive, tangible, steps to resolve the problem. Please stop Trump.
Take a page from Sens Burr and Corker for a proper response.  Grow a spine and show some moral character please.
What's your excuse for passively encouraging racists?
Then urge House to impeach/invoke 25th amend. @POTUS said there are fine people among white supremacists. GOP now complicit with neo-Nazis.
Silence...
Wow - so, you just can't turn off the Nazi vote, can you?!? Shameful, disgusting. History will not be kind to you. #makehim1term
The answer is the legalization of cannabis, even if taxing it is your only motive for doing so. I won't stop tweeting you b/c of no replies.
WOW! Something simple but appropriate from @SenJohnKennedy. But may have been a bit since we're not sure he exists. #NoShowNeely
Really? This is the best you can do? Say the fricking words: White supremacists, Domestic terrorism, Neo-Nazi. Easier than "weed killer".
Wow, what a stirring response to the incident in the story you linked. You were more outraged at art in tax-funded buildings. #shame
Say it, Senator. White Supremacist Nazi Terrorists. #DoBetter
Sir, will you join the Majority Leader in a stronger condemnation of hate & bigotry at the #Charlottesville rally?
The hate and bigotry witnessed in #Charlottesville does not reflect American values. I wholeheartedly oppose their actions.
what will you do to remove white nationalists from the white house staff?
As a member of the @senjudiciary I hope you join @SenTedCruz re: DOJ to investigate C'ville as domestic terrorism
I urge the Department of Justice to immediately investigate and prosecute this grotesque act of domestic terrorism. 
Whose hatred? Whose violence? Join @SenJohnMcCain, @marcorubio, and @SenCoryGardner in condemning nationalist/white supremacist terrorism.
This is inadequate defense of our nation @SenJohnKennedy you must condemn fascism and Nazis. They were clearly there today
So many of your fellow Republicans have called this for what it is - white supremacy and domestic terrorism. You should, too.
This is what you have been dreaming of
For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world and forfeits his soul? Or what shall a man give in return for his soul?
Remind your president.
That's all ya got John? One sentence with no mention of domestic terrorism or neo-nazis? Afraid to name it and lose your base?
Agreed. Thanks for staying on message. #HateDoesNotSolveHate. Period.
What a pathetic "statement." I guess I should not expect anything more from the man who caved to give John Bush a lifetime appointment.
You can do better than this.
Weak response on your part. This is about white nationalist and Nazi terrorism. That's what you need to condemn.
Stats show since 911 more Americans been killed by right wing terrorists than Islamic terrorists but ppl in ur party only care abt latter
Call it what it is TERRORISM
What about "I believe love is the answer but you ought to own a handgun just in case." Is that not violence?
Btw that is from your campaign ad in case you forgot.
Violence and hatred coming from both sides. Not acceptable no matter from where it comes.
EVERY TIME ANTIFA (COMMUNISTS) AND BLM show up, there are riots, destruction, and violence
Trump is enabling these nazis, and you’re enabling Trump.  Trump must be impeached.
You're right, sir—they're not. Please now join your colleague @SenCoryGardner in explicitly NAMING this attack:
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/896465229181210624 …
Sir, Senator @robportman has now NAMED this act for what it is:https://twitter.com/senrobportman/status/896500463155150849 …. Please join him.
The tragedy in Charlottesville this afternoon was domestic terrorism. We must all condemn hatred and white nationalism.
Yes, we cannot let them continue to go. I sure hope you are helping our President instead of blocking him. We voted for him!
Tough stance there, senator.
