Country over party.
What makes you think the ppl of LA want to be kicked off their healthcare?
Good we expect you to REPEAL  & DEFUND Plan parenthood,  NO BAILOUT FOR OBAMA CARE
What a guy you are! 
State over party.
Btw please teach the staffers who answer your phones to speak to callers more respectfully. They are pretty condescending.
Agreed. One I spoke to yesterday was irritated by my request to Sen.K. to vote no. I felt like I was an annoyance to him. Darn constituents
The young lady who answered my call tried to tell me that the motion to proceed didn't mean anything
I called again this afternoon. Staffer said not a word except "thank you". I wonder if our messages get through to Sen. Kennedy?
Check with the people of Louisiana again - they overwhelmingly don’t want this now that they’ve seen the alternative.
Just remember Senator, the people got tired of Republican politics in the Governor's mansion, and they elected a Democrat! #TreadLightly
I grew up in the 50's and 60's there was no FEMA or Food Stamps or assistance for healthcare my hard working parents we survived
Thank you Senator Kennedy good job
Please keep fighting. ACA is horrible.The penalties I have seen clients pay this year. Clients who can't afford the costly ins is staggering
Are you willing to be on the same insurance plan as your constituents in the individual market or will you keep your taxpayer funded plan?
That was before anyone realized how fucking incompetent y'all are!!
I just hope the people that voted you in aren't vets,in nursing homes or have disabled kids or diabetic.
U were always going to vote GOP party line on healthcare bills. U wanted constituents off your back so you didn't say. I'm ashamed of you.
So when are your town halls to explain to us why all of the experts & @LouisianaGov are wrong about how damaging the BCRA will be for LA?
Please let me know too. Very anxious to hear you explain to Louisianians why you are screwing us over for political gain?
Our senator Kennedy is voting party over state.
@BillCassidy, too, but keep up the pressure. It's not over 'till it's over.
You will have to explain yourself come judgement day
Thank you all our hearts
When you going to drink weed killer like you promised in your campaign?
THANK YOU JOHN KENNEDY
Did you promise to hide from the citizens of LA? When are you going to explain in person what you voted for? #Nola #stillnotownhall # wdsu
Still waiting for town hall SenKennedy is a weak coward. At least SenCassidy had town halls +tried 2 come up w/ his own bill #kennedycoward
On the one hand we have the Massachusetts Kennedys, and on the other hand we have the Louisiana Kennedys or perhaps a pile of crap.
We are the 3rd sickest state in the Union.  Gov Edwards fixed that on 2nd day in office.  You are taking that away and claiming victory?
the promises of monsters ...

If Obamacare is so bad, WHY ARE YOU KEEPING IT FOR YOURSELF???? #hypocrite
Thanks 
Continue to work for repeal. #unleashfreemarket
You owe it to your voters and neighbors to explain why you want them to pay more and have less. Stop playing politics and do your job.
Well how considerate of them. This cost the taxpayers 10 million a day. Unbelieveable the Senate and House havent been overrun bywethepeople
Have you even read the ACA and understand what exactly needed to be fixed?
Ha. You know he hasn't.
Sadly I do know that.
Fatuous http://statement.You  made a promise they didn't ask you to make Instead you made a promise 2 yourself 2 undo ANYTHING  Obama did
you made a promise to SOME of the ppl in Louisiana.  those most needy did not want your promise, and be honest...you promised trump/pence...
I also know many who have applied for coverage thru marketplace & couldn't afford those premiums. Then they're penalized for not having ins!
Thank you for keeping your promise
yeah and history will judge you harshly for it. Immoral and shameful.
Yes, you very bravely stood up and voted to take healthcare away from millions of working Americans. Do you want a medal?
Yes come home and tell us what we should do to care for our parents and disabled children after you destroy Medicaid. Which of my inhalers
2) should I stop using. When local Federal   health center closes b/c of loss of Medicaid funding where should I get my healthcare.
This will hurt Louisiana. It's a shame you put party before state.
Thank you! http://Www.lambnola.com 
No courage, no spine, & clearly no concern for the people of Louisiana. Enjoy your last term, Senator. #ProtectOurCare
It's time to return to Regular Order!  You vote yes on this healthcare bill, I vote no on your re-election!
Thank u, u know Sen those 2 Sens who voted NO should just chamge the R ton a D because thue r not really repubs,they r like mod Dems.
DO NOT DO THIS!  This will be disastrous for the republican party and for you in the polls.  It's time to FIX healthcare the right way!
Yes sir we did. Repeal and replace with an improved version. NOT this.Even if the CBO is off 50% it's still a disaster for about 40% of us.
So how big is your cut?
The people of Louisiana don't want ACA repealed though.
Good job getter done
400,000 people in Louisiana got healthcare for the first time as a result of ACA. You just voted to take it away. How many of them will die?
You just made all of us pay for emergency room health care again. Not very smart of you.
If the other Senator from our state would quit trying to be the #HealthcareCzar and just be a Senator, we would fare better overall.
Thanks.
You just lost my vote for reelection. I'm also ashamed of your lack of courage. You let all of Louisiana down.
You are using TAXPAYER DOLLARS to rent a Monroe office that is apparently not in use.
How many UNUSED OFFICES do you have? Do you have staff? Are you paying them?
This is like something out of Kafka--or maybe Nikolai Gogol'a Dead Souls. Petty bureaucratic scam!
My mother says U won't understand Gogol refs, but @GOP now in bed w Russians. Better start reading their literature.
We know you've read George Orwell's Animal Farm. 
I'm sure Sen. Kennedy will not vote to take hlthcare from so many people. That would be monstrous and against the principles he believes
@GeorgeMentz @NOLAnews 

Bravo!
Thank you for your vote.  Please help get the complete job done.  Repeal!
You want to make all of America like this.  You're trash.
People sleep on their cars waiting to enter the Remote Area Medical free clinic in the coal country of Appalachia. @gettyimages #gettyimages 
So u r willing 2 take my child with Autism's healthcare away from him. Putting ur party ahead of my family Fix ACA Leave our healthcare alon

Damn the results, eh? Who cares how much the BCRA will hurt America, you wanna do it anyway...
Promise rather to help the people of Louisiana
Party over people is how you voted today Senator.  We won't forget that.
Thank you Senator Kennedy. A Louisiana politician keeping his promises would be a welcomed change!!
For the love of God and your state, please drink that weed killer already.
Yeah.. he is a partywhore.
Hard to believe, but you actually give politicians a bad name. What will you run for next? Just another politician on gov't welfare. #shame
Good job!
I will never vote for you again- you have voted your party not your conscious and your constituents- shame on you
Obviously you didn't listen very to him or you wouldn't be surprised by his vote now.He's never been for the ppl!
Despite getting HOW MANY calls from your constituents pleading you not to do this?
You're crippling the people you work for. (The constituents, in case you forgot.)
Agree w/ @Linda0628 Linda062 When are your town halls? You just hideout in DC?  What's in the bill you voted for? Did you even read it?
I'm a constituent and I thank you! Now Senator McConnell needs to blow up filerbuster rule and REPEAL ACA entirely.
I am ashamed that you are my senator!  Happy to strip healthcare away from the poorest,sickest neediest people in our state. #partywhore
@BillCassidy you both can change your minds. People over party! #KillTheBill
Senator,  the "promise" you fulfilled will leave 300k+ without affordable healthcare.  You can't be proud of this.
So party over people is what you're saying...
Today, you voted to start the process of ripping healthcare from a large portion of your constituents. 2022 #Guilty50
Shame.
For what? People will die. Please stop this political nonsense. Fix the ACA; don't repeal.
Sir, will you fix ACA if you change the name? Will you preserve basic services, mental health parity, women's health, Medicaid? #healthcare
Drink that weedkiller
Now help for all needs to happen. If premiums don't go down, we r back 2 pre OCare. http://Ins.Co , hosp costs must b reigned in
Cutting Medicaid funds to the poorest, fattest, unhealthiest state in the Union is irresponsible.  Not good for our state or people.
Ohhh I see all your supporters on here supporting you!
NOT!
Shameful!
It a shame that so many people from Louisiana need that healthcare though.
I am ashamed that you are my senator.  Why are you excited about stripping healthcare from thousands in your own state?? #notmysenator
Change your mind
You are a coward. While maintaining medical coverage for urself, you voted yes to move forward to destroy ours. GOP $ talks. #hypocrite
They have coverage, give themselves raises, extra money for security, and then they wanted more money to help with  the cost for rent in DC.
Wish there were more like u Senator!  Thank u"
