your a peace of work wow you should of got mayor wow first you let people destroy our water the animals what next your not making
any better our brothers and sisters at standing rock are suffering because of you you could put a stop to this but you will not
all you do is lie
It is a pity that Flynn was dismissed
Somebody finally told you to bring it up.  #Heartfelt#HatetheDicktator
Keep up the good work people have to start using common sense again
YOU ARE SUCH A HOLY PERSON....YOUR BIG SMILE WITH THE HOOTER GIRLS PICTURES!
when did you start praying?
@LynnePatton Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the free world affected by today's severe tweeting. Somebody stop me!
Thank You President Trump.
it wasn't tornadoes.   It was alternative weather.
this is pretty much the only thing you've said that I agree with. Except, send help not thoughts and prayers.
God intervene
It's too bad your thoughts and prayers aren't also with the people in Oroville, California.

you have never had a decent thought or prayer.
Keep your thoughts and prayers. Send federal aid.
unless they're white supremacist tornadoes and minority victims....
what about the 6 people killed in Canada in a Mosque? Couldn't find time to tweet about that huh?
thoughts and prays are they enough to support you people?!!!
Thoughts and prayers do nothing. Donations to the Red Cross do plenty!
what a stupid comment. Very disrespectful.
he's actually right.  Volunteers and trained personnel do all the work, not a fictional being
thoughts and prayers do much too. Still think it's a disrespectful tweet.
but because they aren't God fearing Christians it doesn't matter right?
thoughts doesn't need a religion.
no they don't but they don't help those now without homes or buried in debris.  That's the red cross
the Red Cross will help. And his statement was foremost to put down @POTUS tweet.
Jeremiah 1:19
They will fight against you, but they shall not prevail against you, for I am with you, declares the Lord, to [1/2]
Thou shalt not lie.
nicely done, sir. Keep it classy, just like this.
How about the muslims in Canada murdered by a white supremacist supporter of yours?
Much better. Now cut the bias media some slack (I know, it sucks) but they will probably back off a little lol.
very nice tweet.  They are all part of our American Family. Thanks for leading the prayers and country's heartfelt sentiments.
how about talking about some Federal Relief? That is also under your purview, sir.
Thoughts & prayers are nice, but executive order blocks federal funds for sanctuary cities, safe to say no FEMA for New Orleans?
Thanks, Mr. President, and if you happen to see my brother-in-law Matt, who was your campaign manager in NH, tell him I said hi.
.... Punk bully with mindset of a juvenile delinquent @SportTaIkJoe Obviously Anti-American!
stay strong @realDonaldTrump we're with you all the way
America loves you Donald!!!
We support you President Trump. You are always there for the people in times of need! #MAGA
And don't forget, climate change doesn't exist! #TrumpTheDenier
Prove you pay personal income tax. Let's see some tax returns
Hahaha, keep it up, we love it!
Bless you and may God watch over you as you try and restore American Values back to the USA!
The only presidential tweet so far, I'm guessing someone else wrote it.

I wrote this song for Sandra Bland. She would've been 30 today. #BlackLivesMatter #SayHerName #BlackHistoryMonth 

…
yup. Thoughts and prayers. That's all you ever offer. No actions. Nothing to help. Your thoughts and prayers aren't worth shit.
thank you scavino for this tweet

most Presidents would visit areas where disasters hit
relax, that's just "weather" (what you "smart guy" called it), remember? #ClimateChange2017 #globalWarming
Thank you Mr. President, now you get some rest so you can kick some liberal ass tomorrow!!
' thoughts & prayers 4 Blacks r only worth 3/5. Any businesses valued over $1B will be fully reimbursed for losses, real or imagined.
Fake news failed 2 report that all the tornadoes were RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS allowed n2 country because of evil judge's order!!!
resign
your free to leave the  country...bye!
oooh...aren't we a smart ass?   YOU ARE...STILL FREE TO LEAVE!  BUH BYE!
You are my President, I just didn't vote, I worked hard to get people's to vote for you.
I can't understand why an leader, experience in workings with attorneys. Send a rookie to defend the government position.Mind bugling
This guy has time to tweet about tornadoes but won't mention the mosque massacre.
Pass. They're about as useful as your administration.
Worlds Greatest President we are behind you. God Bless you
he's been in office 2 weeks lmao  you're brain dead
key word is "in office". More than I can say about your @HillaryClinton  Lmao
you got me lol funny thing is Trump is doing what He said Clinton would do .. Wall Street cabinet lol
Talk about brain dead. Ha ha ha
@realDonaldTrump We are praying for you @realDonaldTrump #PrayForTrump #GodBlessAmerica
hahaha look like brainwashed idiots bowing their heads to the fuhrer. Y'all were forgotten for a reason
That's so nice of a human tornado to send his well wishes about a real tornado.
Geclimb aboard &  Make America Great Again. Don't be the problem...be the solution. Your negativity helps no-one
Why don't you help these people?  You were down there for votes, why not help when no cameras are around?
how about to the Muslim community in Canada that suffered in the hands of white supremacist? Do our prayers go to them too ?
No white supremacist in Canada only freedom from religion.#noprayersinschools #atheism #atheist
哪个中国友人告诉我他说了个啥？
英语差
when are you going to help California?
here's Mitch McConnell's contact info if anyone wants to fax Coretta's letter
apparently you don't understand the by-laws of the Senate
It's not the letter, its the defamation of another sitting member of the Senate, stated in the bylaws as unacceptable
It's the way that she was using it.I don't think that she should've been stopped. And I'm already sitting.
are they though? Maybe your thoughts are with Ivanka and Nordstorms..
it's hard to think anything sincere or genuine truly ever comes out of ur mouth or fingers
Thanks, anonymous staffer.
Was there a major terrorist attack there, too, that went unreported?
thanyou@scavino45
there's no way cheetolini actually wrote this?!?!?! Wouldn't he just blame the media for the tornadoes?!
is there effort and relief included with those nice cheap words?
..Amen!!
Everyone's thoughts and prayers are with the families. No ones thoughts are with the tornadoes.
thoughts and prayers won't stop extreme weather perpetuated by climate change
How about some federal aid. Your prayers will be unanswered just like WH phones.
Did you really pray? I doubt it very much
You obviously didn't tweet this by yourself. It's too normal. Bigly
who had to tell you to care about that?
@realdonaldtrump @POTUS We’re here, we’re real, get used to us. You cannot lie away our right to freedom of speech
That's nice, but how about some substantive help in addition? Or will it be like Alabama and blatantly ignored?
where's the love with our neighbors up north?
took you long enough
except for those needing healthcare, we're gonna screw them so we can repeal the estate tax and line our pockets with $ right Donnie?
@Scavino45 This is more presidential. Of course DJT didn't write it, but at least it's appropriately dignified. Pls no more retweets.
sir biggest priority of the people REPEAL AC #
sir biggest priority of the people REPEAL ACA! Don't let repub congress block you. Respectfully. Terry Trowbridge
my thoughts and prayers are with the millions of kids screwed over by @BetsyDeVos
Why was there no comment about the terrorist attack in Quebec City, Canada?
Well, isn't that helpful.
Practical help would impress more than thinking and praying, if you are not too busy.
unless you didn't vote for me then you are a loser who I don't care about!
what about the victims of Bowling Green?
what about the victims of the Quebec mosque massacre? Oh yeah...doesn't fit into your agenda.
nice tweet by the staff.
wrath of God, baby.
what did .@realDonaldTrump have to say?
@SenJohnKennedy thank you for the thoughts and prayers. Let's chat about #ClimateChange2017
Putin you r disgusting ; ur Putin Puppet. Ur brains r leaking....if u had any. Give us a break go live in Russia with ur boyfriend
no one cares about your thoughts and prayers, they're faker than fake news hahaha!
thank you for the thoughts and prayers and thank you for being there when we flooded. We know you care. God Bless You
it's not one his haha
somehow I just really don't think you think or pray for anyone.
why dont you use your Wall money to help them.
..... Satin....worshipers like you don't pray. stop the bullshit..Donald
U don't give a rat's ass about Louisiana! Who wrote this for u?
still no mention on the canada terrorist attack, your agenda is so obvious, or at least bannons is.
I am sure the muslims did it....right???
You did something right! (My guess is a staffer wrote this for you...)
I wonder who wrote it?
you don't actually give a shit
release your tax returns con man
, Finally! A tweet about other people other than yourself! I am in SHOCK!
maybe you should have banned tornados. Please pass that idea on to #presidentbannon
Which one of these is not like the others?
thoughts and prayers on your TV show? Yea I bet
so get FEMA down already prayers don't hack it. Never did and never will. Sense when did u pray?
thing is I assume most prev. POTUS were staff.  But they didn't have crazy mostly awful personal accounts tweeting at the same time
who made you say that? Coo coo... Coo coo
WACKJOB
Still waiting for your thoughts on your ardent supporter Alexandre Bissonnette and his shooting spree.
You are a good man Mr. President
tax returns please
is climate change real now? Or is it still an #alternativefact ?
lies
is this a sneak peek into the GOP new healthcare plan, thoughts and prayers?
oooh you have such good heart?..
I Wish You Would Stop the Unnecessary Tweets. You Have All Enablers Around You. Sad sad sad
Divine retribution
and just how would know what it means for people to suffer?
@realDonaldTrump #dieinafire #notmypresident #fuckyou
Lord have mercy. +
You can think and pray all you want, but this is the time you should actually Act!
Southeastern should actually be capitalized. You can verify with Betsy!
People missed press conference not hearing what you're doing. Just FYI @CNN certainly won't report it
Word chat around cyberspace 
I'm impressed.  An actual goodwill tweet!  Maybe the grasshopper is learning.  Yeah...nah.
since when do you pray? Did president bannon tell you to tweet this?

Less prayers, more action
.@POTUS not good enough. Quit acting like you read your security briefs or know a damn thing about history or nat'l security. #weseeyou
.@POTUS
thanks 4 ur support now and during the election we arent a battleground state still came with trucks of supplies when we were flooded
Will you be going to hand out water anytime soon?
THOUGHTS & PRAYERS THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS
May God watch over those in their time of need and we Americans provide any support we can.
. WOW, I never saw a compassionate word out of ur mouth.  Now, send FEMA.
When are you going to visit? You get to ride on your big, shiny plane.
@realDonaldTrump  is this for real, where is your personal empathy in this message. Wise up buddy your heading down a slippery slope.
AMEN!
How about some information on the help that's coming from the government?
you couldn't give 2 shit about those people.  Admit it. Shameful.
Finally! Something a president would say.
Amen Mr President!
wow a proper Presidential tweet. Well done
Who wrote this for you?
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the United States affected by this fake president
screw your hope and prayers - where are your tax returns?
@MichaelCohen212 
You should go to Louisiana. It's the same area that got hit by hurricane Katrina. Those poor people have been through hell twice.
@cnn Ah, screw you. Too bad it didn't veer in your direction & take you & Pence out!
apart from the Muslims! Bad people!
Who let them in? Tornados shouldn't be allowed in the US. Tornado Ban!
Did a house drop on your sister? My condolences. #rubyslippers
a few days late dude

here you go @brianklaas I did the work for you...so you can correct your tweet:)
wow...hope people in Louisiana see this and all the comments. Trolls have turned this into hating TRUMP. UNITE and PRAY people.
please stop shouting at all the Americans
What have you done about it, besides wet the bed? #Trumpistan
