You're getting so much traffic. You could be a huge voice for Alfie Evans a 2yr old sentenced to death in the U.K.  Speak for those who could use your influence. I know odds are low you'll see this, but I had to try. EVERY life is precious.
Read his actual case ffs
e wa delela da man heh. @DevAmukie
Lol vanhu vanwi pengela. He can do whatever he wants! Fvck what the fans think, coz who cares about them anyways 
You don't have a fan, you don't know that.
How do you know? 
lol va kwini ke?
Vatele blind kam
 huuuuh...okay like @kanyewest say something similar to your fans nta retweet?
Lol im sure I’ve done it before 
Apt!
glad I was  never a Kanye fan. I just listened to some of your music because to me anyone who thinks their equal to God seriously needs help.
I Loved what you said, put it on the "Racists in America" page at http://www.WorldPeace4you.com  First video.  Let's make America Great AGAIN bringing all Americans together flipping the script on Jihad, BLM, Antifa, and Liberal/Progressives.  Call me at 646-322-9642 cell.
I made you some Fan art! #2024
This is so cute!
and no longer a fan of you  enjoy those low ass album sales. Hope ur buddy trump refunds you
Exactly!
I've always hated the term 'fan.'
It feels like an unnecessary elevation.
Yes! How about have an opinion and that’s that. It’s actually very simple. Stop complicating things....
I think his brain has been hacked
Facts


not a fan of when people are 'fans' like a fan will be like 'my idol is so amazing' & im just there like who cares UR amazing in ur own way
You just got a new fan Don’t worry you will have more followers #TrumpTrain Welcome Aboard We are Family
May man, don’t worry about anyone else but yourself Once U get UR mind right, all will be good with U You’re not the only @realDonaldTrump supporter that’s a celeb or minority UR views & opinions matter & can spark a great discussion. UR family Loves YOU, BUT I miss the Old Kanye
If they truly are ur fans they would @ least listen to your mind
You stand on the shoulders of those whose bruised and battered bodies give you the audacity to mouth off what you please. Is there space on your shoulders for anyone but yourself?
Well i was never a 'FAN' but after seeing this i became an 'AIRCONDITIONAL'
My kid can’t wear his Yeezys anymore. No way gonna support your brand if you support Trump.
That's horrible. You would deprive your child because of your personal political views. Your son cannot comprehend your political brainwashing why would you do that? That is sick. Really it is.
This made me check your following and I ain’t surprised you are following your wife alone whiles 19M “fans” are following you
To put in perspective, he has the supply. You have the demand @Dennisbanks53 
MAGA
You may be right but I don’t side with you
This sounds a lot like what @realDonaldTrump is cleaning up. The thesis that @HillaryClinton wrote is broken down in this article. Based on the philosophy of Obama’s mentor Saul Alinsky
This is how you make a slave after Republicans made it illegal to buy a slave.
Make this hashtag trend
                                          
                                              
                                                 
                                     #BlockKanye
Yet you haven’t yourself 
Real fans, or admirers accept you the way you are. If they don't, they are fair weather fans and you dont need them anyway.
I’d much rather be poor and alone standing for truth justice and all things right then surrounded by millions of fans fame and fortune for being corrupt evil and all things wrong. Stand for Trump  and win respect keep freedom be a true American. #MAGA #KAG!
Who is surrounded by millions of fans, fame, and fortune, for being evil, corrupt, and all things wrong? 

Hmmmmm... TRUMP is!
Over thinking is a manipulative disease!
It’s manipulative. If fans are that fragile to depend on their idols to be politically correct 24/7 then the only thing they need is Jesus and some counseling.
Let him speak his mind out. Most of y'all are still blocking your own ways
#FreeThinker
kanye, you’re tweeting like russ please stop for the love of God
I love you Kanye


Get better fans or make old fans better.
“My fans are fans of themselves.” The most true and profound statement by kayne.
@Julum_Mama
Whenever I worry about you possibly saying too little, and it being misinterpreted , you just end up saying the right thing later...like this. Kudos. #FreeThinkers
Amen - the only thing you have to lose that’s truly important are your wife and kids, everything else, EVERYTHING else, is a distraction.

Let “things” go, hold onto your values and morals, the change in perspective is an incredible journey
Blatant crap. Kanye
And my hands are hands of my feet.
Whenever someone mention this tweet I realize that money is evil
Ouch
#HeGone
That hurts it really does 
Sweery.. 

It shouldn't hurt..
It does tho
I can’t speak for all black people, but you’re definitely making it hard for me to support you  I was excited about your album & what you had to say, but now I realized that you’ve really lost your mind.
Or it could be that your mind was taken from y'all
I preffer @RococoTweets  or @cafetacvba , that is music with soul, and no with shit, like yours. #LatinoPowa
I'm Mexican, and their music sucks. Kanye over that Latin crap!
Music with poor lyrics, made for poor minds, find the freedom in people who are free of the typical society, he’s music it’s a shame for the generation.
You obviously haven't heard Kanye if you just said poor lyrics 
And you obviously haven’t heard panteón or cafe tacuba, big difference between the philosophy of the money and gossip magazines vs the fight of human rights, love and culture
Whatever man, Kanye makes amazing music and that's all I have to say on that. I'm too tired to fucking argue
this is not to argue, you can’t argue with cheap words
Can't argue with someone who used Google translate to talk shit in another language either apparently.
Silly proud, who wan be ur fan self@kanyewest
Isn't that called narcissism?

This guy is a f’g genius. Have Trumpf nominate him for next USSC vacant seat.
#freethinker = #idioticthoughts = #lovekanye
Open-mindedness. Amen.
My own god!
You shouldn't do anything because of your fans, you should do it because you love it... love yourself more than this tho Ye! #Trump is not our friend... he's made it known multiple times (unless we're serving him of course) #Omarosa #BenCarson
Remember when Trump won an an NAACP award?
Without doing a Google search, can you tell me what NAACP stands for?
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Don't don't change the conversation because it doesn't fit your narritive.
Thanks for demonstrating that you know how to use Google
As if it wasn't common knowledge.
It took you longer than 30 minutes to reply, but ok
Da comrad. Where can I pick up my check?
DEMOCRATS started the KKK, not Republicans!  Republicans ended it! This is what Kanye is talking about, people believing crap that's not true, to think for yourself, educate yourself on the issues!
Don’t feed the trolls.
It’s all very cynical. The Dems have been pushing races against each other the whole time. American blacks are already out of favor for third world immigrants. That the DNC’s new constituent to hold down for votes.
Troll alert
What website is this?
EXACTLY!!!
If they don’t like who you are, they are posers, not fans. My son idolizes you. He switched to Trump because of you and for that, I thank you.
I'm not a fan. I am your sister.
If you want to be like everybody you will be a nobody. This is that simple!
But.... You don't have fans
He does though...
Yeah sure
He still has 18 million followers lol
Use your brain pls
How am I not using my brain? Your insult is literally invalid
These twitter rants he's been on are making me a fan. I'm not even a trump guy but I love that Kanye is thinking for himself and considering different points of view.
I understand
I'm not a fan, but I do like how you stand up for your self. You are doing as great job.
There you my brother
Well, I'm sure they will be happy to know that you feel they are manipulative.
Be a fan of Bitcoin Kanye. 

It is changing the world.
@AndrewFischer
You're in a sunken place, my dude. Please, find your way out of it. Sincerely, true fans (and not "MAGA" fans using you for a message)
Love you Ye 



I guess that the fame & money has gotten to your head. Your “fans” are the same ones experiencing discrimination & police brutality daily, but you wouldn’t realize that because you’re probably focusing on designing the interior for your next house. 
Stop trying to be profound, your narcissism just gets in the way.
Stop reading his tweets if you dont like them lmao
Unfortunately it was in my feed. God knows why.
It's like he's getting dumber by the hour in real time.
Or maybe Stockholm Syndrome? 
stan Ariana and stream No Tears Left To Cry

we stan Ariana!
ok.
The fact that y’all don’t truly understand what he’s saying is amusing asf 
Yasssss 
Don’t change yourself for anyone. Be true to YOURSELF YE
Don’t Mind Me I’m Just Here For The Comments
I can honestly care less on who you like n don’t like. Just keep dropping good music 

I pray guided by the spirit,  truth and your intelligence have you made such a move "Power"....

Thats why people like you. Because you're you. Dont let Hollywood in on this secret -- we see thru their bullsh*t. 
You do you man. Never let people try and push you into a corner. Freethinkers are the most important.
tagging Team Miracle  Team Nina  #BBNaija

Damn!  This is so right
They are fans of your lyrics
Don’t speak about it, be about it... TFS next week see you there 
When shit hit the fan are you still a fan ...
Yaaa that’s right Kanye
Im just laughing at ya, but I Aint mad at cha!
Someone give this dude a xan
True
God I love you
Yaasss absolument! And manipulation is so uneccessary! Everyone just be ye...as yeselfs  New language.
If you’re a fan of kanye you are a fan of yourself.
WE R NOT UR FANS.
WE WANT UR VOTE, PERIOD...
I'm a fan of Kanye
Nice way of putting it.
Kanye we know ur trying to sell albums that's why u saying all this controversial shit..the jig is up! LAME
#word
Wow I really love this 
say what you like as it has always been in love ....love you music no matter your freedom of speech
WOW!

We are fans of free thinking people. You are definitely one!

#Kanye
Legend
Be you baby cakes goodness is contagious
facccccttttsssss
Duck yes ye on the motherfucking point y’all can suck a donkey dick when Kanye says he’s the greatest u can find my ass scream right along to it y’all missed the message
You're about to find out who really is down with you
Yeah Kanye! This is a huge risk for you professionally, going against what they advise, but the silent majority will admire you for it.
Not a fan. But I do admire your grit
Your true fans will accept you for who you are. If you flipped on Trump tomorrow, The Right won't disown you. We'll leave the door open. We know how things are. We get it. #Tolerance
“Whatever people may think of me is none of my business”
If they are fans of themselves, they will ignore you.
GOAT

Kanye West unleashed! Something woke this dragon up! Not surprised, with all the BS in the news these days! Feature presentation! anyone?

You’re pissing me off bro
Hahaha triggered. U think he cares ur mad? Make something of ur self and get back to me.
What!
I love me.
And your real fans will always be your fans.
Hello

Apple Music — https://apple.co/2v7K7Ai 
YouTube — https://youtu.be/SCq8n_hOcN8 
Spotify — https://spoti.fi/2FeOmKk 
Tidal —
As your “fan” is like to say that, you’re fuckingggggg trippinggggggg.
stay in the democrat plantation, the party that ran against Abraham Lincoln and started the KKK stay uneducated and in there farm mindlessly giving them votes

(:(
Making America Great Again!!!!
More this less ass to mouth!
Sis, you’re so self congratulatory but I’m wondering what??? #BeyChellla took more fucking balls & was more of an revolutionary act then you supporting trump and his agenda.
@kanyewest just the best best best of all the time I am a huuuuuuuge fan of myself @KimKardashian u are huge fan of yourself done
Indeed
04/25/18 @kanyewest tweets!! tweet # ______?
Word kanye!
Correct. I prefer the term "brother" rather than "fan". Just thinking for myself.
Fans of your MUSIC.. your personal life and opinions are just that, YOURS. #MAGA
That, that does kill me makes me stronger!
your fans are young and impressionable. youre setting an example. i hope you can see past your mental illnesses and realize the world doesnt revolve around just you and yours.
really Nigga?
I LOVE YOU, YEEZY. OLD YE TO NEW YE. NEVER CHANGE.
Damn. He went there. 
If they were your fan based on assuming you were controlled, they weren't worth having. You can't be controlled and they don't like it. Trump can't be controlled, and they don't like it. Twice, is a pattern...
GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS KAYNE! O:) YOU DA MAN!
I really hope @Nas says fuck them Kanye beats
Don’t let the sunken place pull us all under, this is a ploy, DO NOT BUY WHATEVER WEAK SHIT THIS LOSER TRIES TO PASS OFF AS AN ALBUM !!!!
let’s all forget this Kanye bullshit and listen to Lonely by @ddlovato , bc that’s exactly  what Kim will do to Kanye if he don’t stop to talking shit
Mogul minds 
I am a fan of myself. I love me.
I don't have to be your fan to support you.
Yes kanye I love you and me
this is fire!

@kanyewest I am not a fan of yours but thank you for not being suckered into the elitists of the left. Have your own mind, speak it. Your thoughts are your own, no manipulation allowed. Free will, free mind, free thought. #MAGA
Free thinking 
Alice Cooper is who he is--A Committed Christian who played a FABULOUS Herod recently on NBCs "Jesus Christ Superstar"! I APPLAUD you for MAINTAINING your STANCE. Those who STAND STRONG for their BELIEFS are those who will TRIUMPH in TIMES of TROUBLE & RISE up as OUR LEADERS.
vivre libre ou mourir

"My fans are fans of themselves"
Bro you are an inspiration. Not on no corny "be all you can be, chase your dreams" type shit, but By being an example of greatness. You fight your self doubt head on, you destroy it
I was never your fan, but i have a deep newfound respect for you
Goddamn rite
They shadow banned my account for suspected bot activity for following your twitter yesterday.  .... I have no words for how wrong that is maybe they don’t want us to be friends #MAGAForAll
Hey @JoshMachin looks like i am a fan of myself
A genius you are not
I love you Kanye  your quotes are so inspiring
I’m my biggest fan
There are fans and there are “followers” call me whichever you like...I have been a “fan” since through the wire and have been a faithful follower ever since and always in your corner
You mean they worry about what you're going to say because it May influence your fans? Or are you saying when someone says they are fan you feel like you owe them? I remember when you didn't have any fans :-) yeah I'm that old LOL
Bish we need more cudi and Kendrick you played out. Faded to white!
People should be accepted for who they are
Some say man ain’t happy....until a man....truly dies.....sign o the times....be profound....make a difference...it takes courage....check out the vault...MSP Mozart 
Fannys for fannys
I became your biggest fan last few days. They scared you gonna be bigger then ever.
We need @JColeNC to drop False Prophets Pt 2 ft @kendricklamar and Jay Z
He’s basically saying his fans aren’t worshiping him. They are free thinkers and have enough respect for themselves to trust in themselves and not in manipulations of others.
Or he’s saying idols are not to be worshipped. He’s very blessed and he knows it. He’s humbled by the awakening & his true friends will stand by him. The evil ones won’t nor should they. He wants ppl to be free thinkers but unfortunately in today’s society some are brainwashed 
Listen here, if you Love #45 KEEP IT TO YOURSELF. JUST DON’T BLABBER IT OUT. BLACKS DON’T WANT TO HEAR IT. GOT IT. @KimKardashian @KrisJenner
YEEZY GROYPER
So this is what hell looks like.
Your the best Kanye!
I never referred myself as a fan but your music is good imo...
Weirdo
I love myself & I love you
I am a fan of you Kanye. You are so brilliant. I just think you've lost your path a bit. You are made for bigger and better things... You can change the world Kanye!
LEGEND
