Overhyped
Nope! Sorry!
Damn dude you called that shit
It's not about "this party or that party" it's about THE PERSON Trump. What his character and morals are. What his agenda is. What his track record is. What he has preached. Who he has harmed and effected. If you support him, you support all of him. Thats the reality.
Used to push drug. Got caught, jail& out my mom still got love to me does that mean she support of what im doing?
Because being there your recovering child who she birthed, and choosing to support a political party president is the same
hahahah! exactly!! examples from “woke people” 
furthermore, these are our american intellectuals 
I love you
i don’t, at all, but i would feed you, talk to you, listen to you, help you heal and tell you supporting a bigot is wrong.
I didn't support trump too, should i hate?
and we did so....?
Too many are hailing him maga before he turns around and says sike.
He is really
Right!

Hence... NO LABELS!
When you’re on the same side as the KKK... #maga
I'll just leave this here...
Read and learn!
Shhhhh... you're ignorance is showing
We are talking politics here!
love it! No party affiliation!
Almost!
People ask me often, then try and label me with some word...its our nature, its our language. We use words to see a picture. But, pictures will always be different, they have different artists. So, I choose not to define myself w/too many words. Each day, new. I grow, & I change.
I'm absolutely letting him be him, I don't like nor agree with Emma but I also see what he's doing and I personally think it's genius, he's like Trump in many ways, he's not pigeon holed to an ideological label and neither is Trump, he doesn't live by labels & neither does Trump
You’re a grown ass man that doesn’t “like nor agree” with a kid? 
@LOVEDISWORLDENT @LOVEGODSPEOPLE @RHYTHMLYRICZ313 @kanyewest #LOVEDIWORLD , http://purpoline.com  #KanyeWest  , #Kanye2020 , #Kanye2024  @POTUS ,@RHYTHM777 @RAPisR_A_P313
No one said he was a Republican you dummy! And if you leave the Republican Party you clearly do not understand what we believe in I think you meant to say that you’re an Independent because a wishy washy person goes back and forth bud. To have the energy to even make a dorky vid
I didn't see the point of this video. Whatever bro. Godspeed.
He does though, the ideology of love. Which is cool and all, but love without God (Agape love) is meaningless, if anything it's harmful imo. #freespeech
So does that mean my love is meaningless?
Ummm...I don’t think we want to tell anyone how to think. That trait is owned by the political left. Live and let live-don’t make me pay for it-that’s conservatives. We should all live exactly the same and you should pay for mine. That’s Democrats.
Become a conservative independent, both parties are plantations.
proudly announced the Ye's party
That works We do not enslave our self to another's thought process!
Bro I wish u people realised their is a new group of individuals who hate reps and Dems ... And we are doing it our way we are sick of this bull shit
Excellent points.
It's why I love being an Independent. I have my own views and thoughts and don't like being put into a political ideologue. You hit the nail on the head. Thank you!
Peace, Love and Free thinking. 
I think @realDonaldTrump is more of a conservative then what ppl know. He makes his own rules based off whats right for our Country. This is a business but ppl want to confuse him with GOD
But he’s not being Kanye West that’s the problem!
Yeezy, now that you support decentralization, have you looked into DigiByte? It's like Bitcoin but faster and even more decentralized. It's ridiculously undervalued right now. #DigiByte $DGB #decentralize @DigiByteCoin @DigibyteSocial @Digi_Flo @NigelDigiByte @BTCtsunami
@ali is a genuine person he is amazing
I meant to write: you are a genius (genuine too) damn autocorrect  love U
WE KNOW HE'S NOT. HOWEVER MOST REPUBLICANS (MYSELF INCLUDED) ARE GOING FAR RIGHT BECAUSE WE'RE SICK OF THE BIAS IN THE MSM, LATE NIGHT TALK SHOWS, THE DISRESPECT & UNFAIRNESS TOWARDS OUR PRESIDENT ETC..THE PEOPLE YR SPEAKING ABOUT ARE CONSERVATIVES. NOT REPUBLICANS HANG IN THERE!
Turn the caps lock off
You stop it.   Kanye is letting Kanye be Kanye.
Y
COMING  TO  KANYES  AID  HIS  ASSISTANCE  WHEN  THE  ELITE / ILLUMINATI  5150 ED HIM  FOR  HIS  RANTS  AND  RAVEINGS  AGAINST  THEM  ALL  AT  HIS  CONCERT  MORE  THAN  A  YEAR  AGO
HOW  DO  REPUBLICANS    AND  CONSERVATIVES  FEEL  ABOUT  WHAT  KANYE  SAID  ABOUT  PRESIDENT  GEORGE  W  BUSH  YEARS  AGO  ?????   HOW  DO  YOU  ALL  FEEL  ABOUT  KANYE  WEST  RUNNING  FOR  THE  OFFICE  OF  THEE  PRESIDENT  IN  20/20    ????????      AND  WHAT  ABOUT  ALL  OF YOU
HELLO   I  AM  THEE  LORD  REV  DYJUAN D  BARNES  YAHWEH  PH.D  ESQ  MD  AND  I  AM RUNNING  FOR  THEE  OFFICE  OF  THEE  PRESIDENT  OF  THESE  GREAT  UNITED   STATES   OF  AMERICA   NOW  FOR  MORE  INFO  REACH  ME  AT  620-309-0126  AND  NOW  I  WANT  TO  ASK  THE  FOLLOWING ???
Why does he have to be republican? I don’t agree with all repubs nor do I with all democrats. Odd times
It doesn’t look like you’re actually talking. I think it’s your Chin/Jaw it’s so fucking big
Why on earth are you warning Conservatives/Republicans.  He’s being harassed by Democrats & Liberals.
He’s an artist. Art imitates life.
Stop what. People are aloud to like his tweets
Ali doesn’t make sense
Few
Good advice. Kanye is Kanye. I like that @kanyewest has a favorable view of @realDonaldTrump and @realCandaceO. Other than that, I understand that he may still be evolving in political his views and not entirely in one camp or the other. Give him space to be himself and grow.
Yes Kanye West is, but stop trying to get eveyone at once convinced. You gotta do it like a plague..get groups and spread the good like a virus. Some ppl learn from ppl around them, not the source
Let him be , let him be , this is a word of wisdom , let it be.
boom. nailed it. exactly. amen. word.
Kanye is just Kanye, and that is a wonderful thing.

We owe it to our children and our teachers to keep them safe while at school. Prayers won't do this: action will. Congress, please do your job and protect Americans from senseless gun violence

You really want Kanye 2024? The best way to ban the Second Amendment is to hijack the Trump Train. #TrumpTrain #SecondAmendment #2A #2ADefenders #Trump https://twitter.com/KimKardashian/status/963931384178925568 …
Yo

It’s Independant thinking and everything he says is his not part of the GOP or Trump. Free thought is free speech and everyone should be able to have it. It’s called the 1st Amendment so relax
Gayyyyy

He Got Knocked Tf Out  #knockout #WSHH #fight #sleep 
Speak in complete sentences and with some form of intelligence and people will listen. Ignorance is loud and knowledge is silent.

Stay strong, brother. 

Hmmm maybe you should be warning Liberals and Democrats to let Kayne be??
I agree.
The NEW ABOLITIONIST MOVEMENT is rollin'!
Well that REALLY needs to be true for the Left and Democrats. Nothing like SHAMING Kanye, veiled threats of his opinions that differ from his Entertainment Elites.
I don't care that Kanye is a Democrat or Republican or doesn't follow any of them. What I respect is he's a free thinker and he doesn't let other people tell him what to think.
Why are you leaving the Republican Party? Believe me I understand patriot conservatives or our new movement needs to cleanse our party of the Rinos & hopefully we’ll get that done. What party would you join?
Kanye keep misunderstanding, it not about Democrat or Republican, it about the person. If you support the such a person and his character then you are just like him. Right now many people don't care which way he goes. So! Do you.
Ignorant, plain and simple.
#letkanyewestbe
I’m not a soup can, don’t label me bruh
So true
I'm conservative yet I'm mad about how we're treating the earth, not 100% pro life and I don't believe in going to church because most organized religion has become corrupt

I don't fit into any perfect mold and neither does Kanye and that's why I understand him
I hold all primary Conservative values. It's ok that Kanye has some Liberal stances. Let's not act like the Left and try to force him onto a "Republican plantation."
Just yesterday he tweeted support for Emma Gonzalez (the tool of the left anti-gun crowd). However, if he causes even 5% of black people to "out" themselves as conservatives, he's done a great thing. As long as he promotes freedom of thought and individuality, I'll embrace him.
lol no
So just more confirmation that what @kanyewest 's been saying is true. He's an independent, free minded individual. Not aimed at republicans so much as the closed minded who don't get it. Parties=vehicles, U.S.=car lot. 4 year lease?
SO SAYS AN XY
I think @kanyewest is revealing a line that isn't political. It's weaponized control against weaponized compassion it isn't party line stuff, John Mccain or Maxine Waters are on the same side of that line and Kanye can help people see the line.
what kind of shit is this?
So what are you worried about?
He’s thinking what he thinks and doing what he does, and sticking up for everyone who does the same. Good for him. 

But of course, freedom of speech also includes the freedom to reject an artist who supports rich moguls who show zero respect for immigrants and for the preservation of our planet. Kanye just has to deal with it.
People r not going to agree on everything but thats where u have discussions. Nothing gets accomplished by people complaining and whining about things. We need to LISTEN to each other.
That is the whole point! @kanyewest IS being Kanye and Conservatives are all for that. What we despise is the enslavement of blacks to the failed, self serving leftist agenda (never about helping blacks) and laughing at them the whole way to the bank. Wake up!
Let Trump be Trump
Let Kanye be Kanye

Just love America & wish for her success. 

@kanyewest
I admired you speaking your own mind and not being a political righteous talking head of the elites. That doesn't serve me as a Republican as much as you think you're worth....you're not. We sure as hell don't need you but we're also happy to represent YOUR rights to think free!
You "idealogs" will be judged by your behavior when Trump and his minions are gone.  The GOP has blazed their trail through the lower classes and that will also be remembered.
How have they?  Please list examples...
Health care nearly gone, tax scam enacted to reapportion wealth from the lowest classes to the highest, entitlements disappearing starting with rent and SNAP, cost of energy increases, loss of education endowments,  is that enough?
Like contradict his rant for love by displaying angst as love on his album cover?! —interesting.
Ideolog! Spot on. No need for ideals when you have a clear identity.
Bruh u both doing it for the likes ucan achieve true love by turning ppl vegetarian than embracing hate. Stop trying to make simple shit complex. U can love ye and not like who he is right now
Absolutely.  
That's all I want.
Kanye Finally learned how to retweet!!
Hahahaha
We're not asking the black community to switch to our party we're asking them to think independently and not hate those who think different.
... switching to the Republican Party happens naturally for independent thinkers usually.
I am a person with MJ L.O.V.E. I am an Independent. Let me rephrase that I am an independent person. IF people do not see the LOVE OF GOD. just pray silently like DJT did next to Merk. 3:00. Trump sleep. My rt b sucks. Love the world of people. Better. Win www
When you support their unpopular views, famous people will support the average person. That's genuine ego.
Probably, but I also think he might be intending on pushing a nonpartisan conversation of what we actually value in leadership... Ex. I’d rather have a bad liar misrepresenting my interests than a “good” liar. In this way, maybe it’s not about his words, but critical discussion.
He has a way of leaving statements open ended which forces interested parties to do their own research and draw their own conclusions. Like during Katrina, when he said Bush doesn’t care about black people. Well, NOW New Orleans doesn’t have a public system...so u tell me, did he
#Kanye would like a meeting, or already had a meeting with Peter Thiel. Look him up, #CambridgeAnalytics and Facebook investor. Rubbing shoulders with conservatives while they control all legislative branches of power, and claiming to be uniting, or being open minded. Nope.
He also shouldn’t be held to the same moral standard as politicians. He’s just trying to make his life as a celebrity and a civilian. But we should definitely be talking about the elbow rubbing between govt and private industry.
Don't buy into this. This is NWO idolatry. They cannot be given as much or more power and attention than our elected officials and leaders, with LESS responsibility.
He only has the power to mobilize public opinion, and only of you choose to buy into what he is saying. Also do you consider NWO and neoliberal capitalism the same thing? If so, I agree. But he’s trying to fight fire with fire.
You are dressing up his poop. Meanwhile, QTip has a message. Common has a message. John Legend has a message. He does not. He was on twitter last year asking for money from Zuckerburg. Only after his struggling clothing line did he release Pablo. You do you.
Bill Clinton's Black Son BANISHED - The Story of Danney Williams @danney_williams #RedPill #Truth #SetMindFree
OMG. I love this. Kanye! Welcome to being an independent! It's a wonderful place!
Trump Party - Make America Great Again - America First - Slow down immigration and let's get things straightened out here first. #MAGA
I think it's nearly impossible to control the masses.  They will always react like idiots.  They're called normies.
this is good
We support you Kanye and our great President.
Nailed it! Love it! No should pigeon hole themselves with ANY label! #THEGREATAWAKENING
No one
ali knows bitcoin!
@alialexanderorg I watched your periscope vid, good stuff man. The only thing that stops hate, is love. People see Trump the wrong way. He loves America and all Americans, though his rhetoric is lacking frequently. @kanyewest is making the argument for peace, freedom of thought.


Trump supporters had to take on the Republican Party in 2015 & 2016. Many of the politicians & pundits are GOP NeverTrumpers.We have been cleaning out the Republican Party since 2010.This is about the people vs the ruling class.Neither Kanye nor Trump are allowed in this club!
“When you have a political party it makes you an ideologue.” 
Well i welcome him with open arms keep it up ye wake the nation... Free thought!
The tide is turning in America! 

Be a leader of yourself not a follower of others.
The only people who are having a problem with this are the left. Everyone else is like finally, a free thinking celeb, thank god. And good for him for exposing those tweets from john legend also.
I have to agree 100%...
it's not about choosing sides...
just don't have to be a mental slave to any groups...
dare to think...
Matthew 5:44

Yung Bans
D Savage 
& Lil Tracy…
Stop your foolishness!
You have to stand for something, though.  It shouldn't make you an ideologue to choose a side on issues.  It didn't used to be that way.  People just used to stand for their positions, and still get along and respect each other and be friends.

Fat Nick

'WTF' 
Name One Genius That Ain’t Crazy
what a beautiful soul you are. wow. :)
Yes! It isn’t about party right now we need to see past that. It’s about people, individuals with their whole self expressed honestly, and love.
Maybe it is to unite a particular group and I really hope that bears good fruit. That being said I will also not always agree with what Kanye may say or believe or even understand the why behind it, but if y'all are okay w that, I am too.
What Kanye chooses to do is what he chooses to do. He doesn't have to be a conservative. I don't know what he is, maybe just an independent. Love is good. He chooses to use love in this political spectrum for a purpose I'm not sure what will accomplish.
Let’s be honest Kanye created a 3rd party. #dragonenergy
https://soundcloud.com/keistt/i-am-god-am … WOULD YOU SEE GOD IF YOU HEARD ONE??
Steve urkel is right, let kanye be kanye and let the chips fall where they are going to fall. Waiting for carl winslow response tho.....
Ok so then what party is called the party with no ideolog? I think there may be a market that caters to a no name party
I am so proud of @kanyewest
I hope with kanyewest speaking up! Others will follow and we can all help each other! Quit this racist stuff! For this reason! Myself and granddaughter!
Kanye is stupid
@Ali has dragon energy
Let Kanye Be Kanye. He supports Trump that is more than any democrats and never trumpets will ever do. He's allow to have his opinions even if we disagree with it. Don't be far L or far R, they suppress free thinking and won't let you think for your self. Haters r going to hate.
Kanye has some major cognitive dissonance going on. In the end, most of us are afraid to take a "side" or "stand" until we get what is called "conviction." If Kanye is still following feelings, which are deceptive and come and go w/ the wind, he will confuse himself and others.
Never thought he was a republican. Neither am I. I just support TRUMP!
Wow what a bunch of gibberish… LOL Matt quit trying to own Kanye let him B his own man! Big time kudos to Kanye for being colorblind rock on man!
Being red pilled has nothing to do with political affiliation.

James Shaw Jr., the hero of the April 22 Waffle House shooting, has launched a campaign on a crowdfunding site to raise money for the victims of the deadly attack in a Nashville suburb.
Shaw initially wanted to raised $15,000. By April 28 the site had collected over $183,000.
Exactly! I’m an ardent supporter of our President but I do not now and have never identified as a Republican. My registered political party is UNAFFILIATED, that’s what the state of North Carolina calls “independent.” Trump appeals to my love of America and hatred of Globalism!
Why do you talk exactly like @Cernovich . Shit's weird
Where was Kanye before he announced his album coming out??? Kanye just wants to cash in guys, and have both political side involved. He is an artist! The art of selling a low key album to millions.....
check it
Wtf
Why would anyone forbid dissent?  That's the Left that does that.  I'm a moderate with some conservative views, but I just voted a Freedom Caucus GOP'er out of office in 2016.  The Dems are very monolithic.  Some far Right too.  Most not.
He’s a republican bc he’s using free social media to rep for attention. He’s up to something. And look at how easily y’all got mani’d

aint nothing to worry about, just you do you.  shits that simple.  people tryin to get in the way of folks being them and thats the problem.

@kanyewest 
Ali is great!

It wouldn’t have mattered witch republican won fairly. They would have been chastised by the liberal media and the geniuses in Hollywood, when They licked MAGAObama’s boots. As he wasted eight important years,and divided the country just like his Masters (Soros)ordered him to do.
Honestly, @ali would be one of your greatest allies and advisors, not only in life, but also when you go after the presidency
love you, Ye, glad your back! @kanyewest
You're a Republican? That makes you a Putin Puppet.

Just like this guy:
The two party system is specifically designed to divide the people. Kanye is a good example of this. The assumption is that he's not a Democrat therefore he must be a Republican. That's an efficient way to ensure that the people are almost always split right down the middle.
It's so refreshing to see someone in the public eye just not give a fuck about what people want them to say. We need more free thinking in society.
Lol

Yep u mad
My god, isn't this the whole point? Kanye is a "free thinker" or another way to put it, depends on this issue, there is nothing wrong with that. Am I missing something besides he 's POTUS & he'd like 2 help the black community. He's already doing more than Obama..#truth #1stA
Amen, I have a new respect for his free thinking and expressing his freedom of speech on his beliefs. The people who scream of love and the rights of people are the ones who go crazy when someone speaks other than the liberal media talking points. It’s such political racism!!!!!
It'll show him who his "real" friends are, that's for certain! 
I hope he listens....
The media has done a great job at brainwashing this racist divide, most don't even know they've been lied to! 
I admire him for coming out to vocalize his of Trump, that took guts! #KAG2020
Yeah I was waitin for this one lol

Kayne is woke..and once your woke you cant be unwoke..you can give in but be miserable for it..and to willfully sleep after being woke is some kind of sin
KANYE LEARNED HOW TO RETWEET
Kanye, stay out of politics. You are an artist.
I have said the entire time you are not republican, not conservative, and not libertarian. You're independent. Thanks for letting them know again Kanye.
Anyone could have known this he was march for our lives a few weeks ago. People get so caught up with labels. He is just a free thinker he sides with conservatives on some things and liberals on others
Then why the MAGA hat?
Kanye isn't a conservative or a republican (yet), but he sure as heck is a free thinker, someone who is deciding his own fate rather than allowing the leftist media and democratic plantation to shackle his mind & soul.
Yep, that made perfect sense.  “Kanye West is gonna do all sorts of things.”  Your lack of intelligence is showing.
#TraeFittz #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Follow Me #TraeFittz 
http://YouTube.com/TraeFittz 
http://Facebook.com/TraeFittz 
http://Instagram.com/TraeFittz 
Yes @ali !
What @kanyewest Instrumentals do y’all need?
Kanye has the racist conservatives praising him because he put the word plantation in his song and that's what they wanna do again. Kanye get help asap. We are rooting for you.
It’s you who needs help
you only like Kanye because he's talking bad about black people and got you off by using the word Plantations and slaves. Check yourself because Kanye is alienating himself from his fans and recruiting racist POS who will abandon him the minute he speaks out of line from you guys
When did he talk bad about black people?
We have the right to express our own opinion. Liberals are so ignorant that because you are black or Hispanic or in between you cater to their ideology.
Wrong!
@kanyewest just don’t forget you were just grandstanded by Emma where you were coming from a place of love but instead she showed hate/devision. 

Now your thoughts are against a mind controlled environment. 

How do you fight it? 

You call it out. 
Create culture based on moral

I don’t think anyone wants anything other than that. We want ppl who are real and honest and open to come to the forefront, not ppl with an agenda one way or the other. Him being himself is the key to his ability to bridge societal gaps. 
This guy is a weirdo dont give him a platform!!!
It's called being Alinsky'd. Right now, dudes and patriots like me are wanting him to keep on waking up. While people on the left want him to shut up.  He is acceptable in this simple equation. It was me, it wasn't @kanyewest, and it wasn't Trump, who was it? 2+2 isn't adding up.
It’s 4
In sane times, yes. Right now, it equals 145,000,000. I didn't sell uranium, you didn't sell Uranium, and Trump sure as heck didn't sell Uranium. That's why we hired him to find out and tell us. Are you getting me?
Yea uh it’s still 4 tho
You've been Alinsky'd if you think what is happening in the country conforms to the US Constitution. 2+2=4 in a lawful society. It equals something else today, in America. Tell me you understand, please.
4 = four
So you understand @realDonaldTrump is not the problem, he is the solution?
Kanye supports white genocide. My hero

Hey @kanyewest a newspaper just ran a front page ad calling for kkk members. Please ask trump what he has to say about that. If you believe in racial equality as much as you believe in trump...Or are you scared because he won't GAF?
U obviously didn't read the article. They posted it to show tht racism is alive, they were NOT endorsing it! "“Westmoreland News in no way condones or supports the content or message of this flyer, nor does it condone or support any branch of the Loyal White Knights, or the KKK.”
I did read it. My statement stands. They ran a kkk flyer on the front page. Regardless of their story content they gave free front page advertising to kkk. They can disclaim all they want. They are either remarkably stupid or covert supporters.
Oh ok, so likewise, you would concur that all the mainstream media is doing is giving Trump free advertising for his nasty agendas? :) Careful how you answer ;)
The mainstream media should cover a presidency and report on major investigations into a sitting president. Everything the president does needs to be held up for examination by the people, as he is answerable to them.
Oh somebody taught him how to RT!
Next maybe @kanyewest will start replying in the comments or “liking” stuff. 
Woah take a step back now
Fair enough. I’ll settle down. 
No settle back up.
No warning needed. Most now your twists and turns. Onto the next, we see.
The fuckery ...
Congratulations you're the one guy to actually get acknowledged for posting something every tweet. Good shit though no shade.
Let Kanye Be! #NoMoreBullys #EnoughsEnough
#FreedomOfSpeech #LoveSpeech

my dude bout to get some serious clout
The most woke I've ever seen kanye be.
We are not far from our full version. And we are facing some challenges at this stage.  Please motivate us and help us achieve our dream!
