Lets just be straight here: you can fw kanye's music still and not be associated with the trump support shyt.
No you can’t. Supporting his music puts money in his pocket that he’ll probably donate to some Trump organization. His music ain’t that good, there’s better, way better.
You’re high
Boy I wish, maybe later tho if my plug come thru lol
Same af lmaoo need that re up
I'd personally help actually build the homes
Anytime, Chicago needs to improve.
I'm an electrician with knowledge in construction.  I can do it.
I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)

KANYE WEST IS BEINF HONEST AND PEOPLE ARE MAD - SOCIETY / MEDIA HAVE ALL OF YOU LIKE SHEEP
Being*
People hating on @kanyewest :
YOUVE BEEN RICH FOR HOW LONG AND NOW YOU WANT TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN CHICAGO!? YOURE A JOKE!!!!!
Exactly, he could have built homes, years ago
He's done more than the mayor.
We’re talking about Kanye hun
It's kinda awesome that they will get together now...
You're so like Trump. All talk!
Trump isn't all talk. He's the only president, I've noticed, who actually keeps his promises. Try again
Where's his wall? ISIS is still a thing. Obamacare is still alive. Wake up, dude.
He is in office for a little over a year genius
Did he lie? Or, are you just avoiding his failures?
He did his part. Congress did not do theirs
Yeah, because it's never his fault. Also, he never did any of this in the dates he set. Just acknowledge he lied.
unreal. there is no way to have a conversation with your type
Save him from his posh existence to live your lifestyle. Makes since.
Sense*, just like now your a fan because he agrees with your views correct? 
This is what I’m talking about!! How about you and Chance take a meeting with Trump and head up the urban revitalization committee ?
You know that will never happen. Trump and cronies could give a ish about urban revitalization. It's not about parties it's about DT and what he represents.
Actually there’s already a review of a crime bill to undo the Clinton Crime bill that incarcerated a disproportionally high number of blacks and Latinos 
A friend of mine worked on it and was just in DC 

CNN and MSM don’t show you any of this
Yes!!!! Someone finally stepping up for a thrashed city in our own Country #Chicago #Kayne the city with the strongest gun laws and most murdrs, hmmm, weapons coming in from Mexico. #BuildTheWall
You know the weapons are coming from Indiana right??
I live here. In my line of work constantly seeing busted containers, trucks, boats with Sinaloa Cartel drugs and mountains of guns coming in. Chicago is Sinaloas hub for US distribution. Rahm likes it when Chicagoans buy into the IN urban legend. Politicians allow it 4 kickbacks
I hate hate rahm, but what you're saying is the gun trace report done by the Chicago police, city of Chicago and UIC was all made up to create a myth. Furthermore, the ATF corroborates this info. As far as drugs are concerned your right. Firearms are different
C'mon ALFRED
Okay, to support your premise, we'll just let those containers roll into Chicago because the hidden guns can't be in there.  So the bigger question, going with your IN theory, means Dem mayors since 1931 have been unable to work with IN Gvmt to tighten up gun laws? Or ATF?
Yea you're right. Let's go off your anecdotal evidence to make policy. Plus I never said let's stop shipments of guns coming in. I'm saying most are coming from neighboring states so we should focus on that. An yes Dem mayor's can be trash
Looks like someone is piggy backing off Chance
That’s it that’s all
Kanye I am assuming they will be low income housing.
Anything is better than nothing
He has the money, he has the contacts. If he keeps the bullshit politics out of it, I am hopeful that he can use both sides to get stuff done for all people. It's up to him
He is waking black Americans. MSM is controlling minds. People believe everything they hear on the news these days. Can't you see how one sided they are? They collude with each other to push their liberal agenda of keeping poor people poor and dependent on government
RT for love for #KanyeWest 

#DonaldTrump #News #Kanye 

@kanyewest @realDonaldTrump @elonmusk
LET KANYE BE KANYE

Black people don’t have to be democrats.
Why wait until now to build homes? Why didn’t you do this during the Obama administration? If he failed, it’s because we allowed him to... Sat back & waited for him to put us all on his back.
At least you are admitting that Obama failed Chicago.  That’s the first step.
He was running he world he can’t focus on one city at a time. That’s for the mayor of for maybe a rich celebrity that raps about Chicago every song
Yeah, I guess when you are president of the whole world, you don’t have time for your hometown.
That’s correct
You’re not welcomed back here...
Guess you don’t want improved housing in Chicago?
I will delete Kanye’s account if this gets 10000 likes
K
Chance prolly don’t like u anymore bc of u supporting a white nationalist
Chance just tweeted out support for kanye lol
FUCK, CHANCE I LOVED YOU U WERE MY FAVORITE
I mean I dont think race matters in politics. I'm half black and half my family is black and I've yet to see a single racist policy from trump, just lots of false or overhyped stories. 

They make amazing music, I cant deny it
Amazing music for sure but I mean some of the things trump have done that r fucked up
Trump has done some f***** up things, but calling Trump a white nationalist is a flat out lie
@chancetherapper  has been doing things in Chicago, how much have you done from the Sunny Hills in Cali?
That’s great, nigga! Are you gonna also make it easier for the residents in these neighborhoods to get loans from the banks...that’s the real problem! Or are you trying to gentrify the south side
Chance right now
MAGA
stan Kim Lip. she doesn't hate black folks like Koonye
No one is stanning Ni Hao Kai Lan bruh
Amen man, Obama library is supposed to cost 175mil imagine how many homes that could build
spread the word--everyone can.
So Zuckerberg agreed to lend you that money?
Nope. Ben Carson will get him that money. What do you think that meeting between Kanye and Trump was about last year? You scratch my back, I scratch yours
Nahh, Trump just felt the need to tell Kanye that one man can indeed have that much power.
I think it would fantastical to make Chicago the glorious city it once was. This will not be achieved without people stepping out of their normal fog & working to make their cities thrive again. I want to hear the blues & party safely again. My hats off to you Kanya for trying.
Would help to get rid of the mafia don mayor! It won't happen with him still there getting kick backs from all the organized crime!
It would help to change the way we view government & start electing people based on their history, their successes, their qualifications etc. & stop electing on their party affiliation. That is what I mean by people taking active roles in their city. JMO
This is one of the most common sense, on point statements made in a long time.
Thank you but it is actually a very old concept no longer practiced. It is how our Republic was suppose to be governed with Federal having a limited role as to not take the quality of chosen living away from the citizens of any city. Civics really.
True, I remember this from school,  it is a forgotten old concept no longer practiced unfortunately. It is very refreshing to hear someone remind us of how our Republic was meant be governed. So now we have to try to "unfix" (I know) that which was never broken. 

#CHALLENGE

#Blacxit is real, it’s been a long time coming , many have set its foundations and now this generation of Black Americans will build upon those foundations !
It’s a DREAM for Kanye to build a house in the NORTH WEST of Chicago where it’s not very STORMI
This is honestly the best thing on the thread
I can’t deal anymore 
If you truly are serious and committed we are willing to assist! We ask that the community participate in rehabbing vacant homes and that low income families have a chance to buy or rent also. Remember it takes Community Capital and Commitment!#KanyeWestTest #EverybodyTalks
What have you done lately to help Chicago ??  You rep Chicago in your music but what have you done here????? When was the last time you did a concert here? 
Good Ass Neighborhoods.
If the cost to stay in these homes equate to what you’re charging for sweaters with holes in it then the homeless rate about to sky rocket

Let's do it, I'll donate! Let's fix the education system too, starts there.
Sounds like you could have been building them “for the last 8 yrs”...
Why do you support someone who is the biggest reason for American hatred and the rest of the world?
You do realize the biggest reason for hatred is democrat brainwashing.
Somebody flash a light in this man face
Someone's already shone a light on his heart
????

You haven't seen Get Out have you
No
Hey @kanyewest partner up with @pulte & his group @BlightAuthority - They go to the inner cities and tear down old, abandoned buildings and build playgrounds and gardens instead. Would be great for Chicago!
These are the replies and projects that need to be promoted. All the Kanye hate is  ludicrous. Let the man build.
 All we need is LOVE! 
A @kanyewest and @joerogan podcast would be outstanding
Wait, you haven't been able to build homes this whole time?
Kanye will build 0 homes in Chicago. He’s put his Trump hat on and is not going to follow through. Kids here in Chicago see Chief Keef more than Kanye.
Why didn’t you build new houses in Chicago when Obama was in office?  Jealousy?  Just didn’t care then?  
EVERYTHING WOULD BE GREAT  IF THEY HAD LIGHTS IN PUERTO RICO
I’m already awesome bro but thanks I’m excited to build those new homes too!
We’re gonna link in 2020 and hit the laboratory in area 51
Don’t forget about Flint, Ye!
The left cannot handle the dragon energy. And they certainly can’t handle what is about to follow

@SecretaryCarson  These men want to build new homes in Chicago.... Lets give them some help.... Woohooo!! 
I’m with Kim
I just bought a song of yours from itunes to help support you.
Chance is a hero, you are a zero.


I will give $10 to everyone who retweet’s this. (Maximum 5,000 retweet’s)
Foh
Yea, because Obama took care of them, right?
Chance and I*
Why are you not an English major again?

Why has it taken you so long to build in the chi? You’ve had mad money for a long time and it’s all talk. I don’t believe you’re gonna follow through on it.Just take care of yourself, bro.Or put your money where your mouth is. Actions speak louder. Chicago families are waiting...
Kanye I am proud of you for being brave and not cowering to the left.  Real fans will be with you unconditionally just like your mom was. She would be so proud of you.  Just remember that when you get a negative tweet.  You have a good family and that is what counts period.
DO THAT SHIT BIG DAWG! HERE 4 THAT TOO!
welcome home brother
*Chance and I
Yall people that believe hes going to help people in Chicago. Check it out I got some ocean view property on the west side of Chicago for the low low. Message me for details
Get in contact with @brunelldonald she is a #MAGA supporter lives in Chicago been on @FoxNews @foxandfriends during election she is an ex dem who paid a yuge price for being outspoken for @POTUS she would love to work with u and @WhiteHouse to restore #Chicago
I love Brunell ! She's real 
why don't you help CPS like Chance? Or do something for society except help further stigmatize those with mental illnesses... like yourself.
@tanidbb @dopekidrauhls me: triggered
i don’t know what to say.
Claudio will be awesome when me and Chance build new homes in Chicago - who ? will ? be ? awesome ?

i know it's too soon but this can be the best thing i've ever made 
You’ve been famous and rich for years before he was president...what have you done?
It takes more than just being rich it takes wealth power and influence.
Soooo what’s fame?
Rich is not wealth. Have true power not just in your rap world that most fake it.  Build a real following that will get behind you and not fake it. Not a Republican.
I think you missed my entire point. Kanye has had money and power (due to his fame) and I questioned what he has done for Chicago?
Chance and I. #Moron
Lost his mind
He’s irked me since day 1.
He’s radioactive now
Send me!
Chance has already done so much for Chicago I can not say the same for this bum. He is lying all talk just like trump. All this time he’s been famous he’s done nothing for Chicago now he needs @chancetherapper to get started?stop @kanyewest
Let’s build together. I need a partner in the south side to start designing and selling cabinets.  I’ll train and provide.  Let’s keep the money in the community
You’ve been rapping longer than that and how have u help Chicago change? Make Chicago great again u boot licking 
But I see you didn’t “@“ @chancetherapper doe soooooooooooooooooooooo 
What great change did Trump effect? How many days and dollars did YOU give Chicago?

I think if you made it a priority with the families trapped in fear and violence on the South & West side, theyd band together and drive Sinaloa drug cartel out along with gang bangers. Dem mayors wont do it. They enjoy the drug & gun running kickbacks. Then rebuild the area.
@chancetherapper can I get first hand in these new homes 

What's stopping ya? Do it! Quit blabbing and get to work! I wish I has the $$$ to do something like that!
You couldn't make #Fatburger last in #TheChi. So now we're supposed to believe you're a developer?
You know that I know that true #power is in #politics

I know your Game @kanyewest
Prove it!
Geez....amazing the negativity when someone actually wants to get in Chicago to help. The psychology on that is unbelievable. 

Good on you man!! @kanyewest truly thinks in epic proportions!! Elevated above what is known as normal; only produces growth!!
heck ya
Respekte zezaku im
You’ve been rich along time and you’re just getting around to this why?
2005: “bush doesn’t care about black people” 

2018: “I got my hat signed by a racist” 

Tsk tsk tsk...
REAL CHANGE
So now you will be Trump’s bitch great move....
Chance and I.
Before you say Obama did nothing for Chicago:
Yeah, look what your man is doing... in Chicago and elsewhere.
I wish I had the money to help. @kanyewest you would be surprised how many of us Trump supporters would go help with something like that.
What Have you done for Chicago? But talk about nothing being done for Chicago and name your daughter Chicago? Chance is young& used his platform to help, and has been in the game for less than a min& ur a decade plus. All you do is bark. Go give ur naked IG wife attention.
We may be Chicago suburbanites, but I know lots of people who would be happy to lend a hand.
Fake News kanye
This is Claudio- he’s happy to be involved. Thank you
If Chance was smart, he wouldn't want to be seen anywhere near your crazy ass
I have  such respect for you , you are exposing the democrat liberal party , you and Candice, Diamond, and Silk, Terrance , Chance for who they are the real racists who think you have to think like they say or they will target you to beat you into silence like they do Republicans
homes ? We have homes

@Kanye, you might be able to straighten Chicago out. I love Chicago but scared of it.
I would love help out with you housing projects in Chicago. I am the owner and CEO of Security One and we do a lot of business in Chicago. We would love to somehow help the community by installing Security Systems and or Cameras. #MAGA
Oh nooooowwwwwww you wanna do something.....nah stay where kim at
That’s awesome, that’s how it’s done!
I'm glad you can see @POTUS is TRULY HELPING AMERICANS!!! Period!!! Not foreigner. #AMERICANSFIRST 

Kanye doesn't do shit for Chicago
Inbox me on your plan to build homes... I want in.
Make crime riddled cities beautiful and safer... #StopGovermentLobbyingAcrossAmerica #MakeLobbyingACrime
Hope y’all paying the rent!
why didn't you build home over the last decade?
I Pray Chicago gets the help they deserve from good people. The crime and killings are a shame. The leaders in Chicago have failed the people.  I pray they can return to the beautiful place I’ve always heard it was.
Did you take English lessons from Donald? Wow.
Wow! That would be amazing! Clean up that city and give it back to the people. I'm sure @POTUS would work with you in any way he can. <3
Check out my music Kanye!!! I’m the BIG PUN/ BIG L OF CHICAGO SoundCloud cvo bobby. 
I go by Bobby sagget
Kanye...here's an Idea, put some heat on the Bears, Cubs, Blackhawks...each player give a 100K (should be "crumbs" for millionaires) and hire wrecking crews, cleaning crews, construction crews (all local people) to help build those homes...
@clau12dj ora primo
@chancetherapper you CANNOT support this foolishness anymore... maybe you have to be the one to flash the light on Kanye.... HELP HELP HELP HELP
Change IL for the betterIt can’t get worseThank you
Build me a new home then; would you do it even if I’m mexican? @karlaacastillo  
Seriously I’m in. How can I help?
3D printed homes. You guys got this. Thank you for making a difference.
Action not words.

@kanyewest 

#MAGA
Start a Fund Let’s Make Chicago Great I’ll kick in
You say what you want  Kanye but 'Donald Trump doesn't like black People'
Oh man, I certainly hope Kanye isn’t talking about @chancetherapper 

I like Chance.
Great idea! Look forward to seeing your final product. Hope you hire locals that can learn a trade in the process.
Good luck!
Hit me up bro
@THEJEDEYE1 WHAM! Yesssssss! Boots on the ground, this right here is what we need more of, wow this is perfect!!!
People can find homes...  how about jobs.... Mr.  K Kardashian
Yes, that is where to start. Get rid of the bad guys killing people, better the community, make it business friendly and businesses will come with jobs.
You won't be building any houses. If you do, it won't be for the people that need them.  Stop lying
#GreatAwakenening #QAnon
@crclaudio0
Who is Claudio?
Well start building homes and stop worrying about what a president is doing you should have built houses way before now.@kanyewest
Probs best to start here. Broken promises, you’d make a good president 
#WakandaForever
Chance and I. 

Also, FU both. My personal thoughts.
Chicago needs people to help them!!! Celebs can help them out a lot and bring more attention to their plight!
I am happy to see this #Wictor retweet.
your going to build homes.!!! you don;t understand politics.!! you need the old white men from Texas the old oil Barron to say yes we will help black people.!! something they have never done.!!
Chance doesn’t need you.  Stop name dropping and start doing something.  Chance has helped Chicago out, he doesn’t just use the name for his child.  He actually gives back.  Stop tweeting all day and use your money to help others.
Let’s get Trump on board with this, I would love to see some of the billions of dollars in aid given to the Middle East and Israel every year, redirected towards Chicago or even my hometown of Detroit instead! Let’s help our own people and love our own people instead.
Make Chicago Great Again!

Chance and I *
Claudio will be awesome when me and Chance build new homes in Chicago TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 

2024
@HarrisAllen is from there! right @jakefeigenbaum ?
Chance and I ****

Never forget to be extremely wary of every person in your life who has not experienced this last year as a personal moral emergency

Where I Come From (Official Music Video)
https://youtu.be/uD5HTb8EgDg  
He was hounded out of #lcfc 9 months after winning the league, about time he got another shot at the big time
If you wanted to do something about Chicago you coulda done it years ago! You coulda worked with 44 since he’s from Chi to work on initiatives to create opportunities for ppl and move them away from a life of crime. However, you didn’t see a personal benefit
Why don’t you start by donating money to restore your childhood home for Donda’s House programming? It’s embarrassing you have Chicago architects and  engineers donating their time to restore your home when you have the financial means to create a place for kids to create music
I need a job tho 
They don’t want trump supporters in Chicago. Where where you when Obama was in office....? why weren’t you building homes then?
Very tragic. Hard to believe this is happening in our world.
It would be awesome if you made a difference in Chicago without getting hurt.  I'm cheering for you.
Don't sleep on Alexander Gorlin either  (https://archpaper.com/2016/07/boston-road-supportive-housing-bronx/#gallery-0-slide-0 …)
Ayas
@chancetherapper ain't fucking with you
When the last time you did something for the Chicago bro mfers still out here killing one another while you away Brody
The contractors in my mostly white town WILL NOT BUILD low-income homes for anyone. They don't want trash here. Can't find investors. We have a law against building ANY overnight shelters for the homeless. So if you have the money & builders, you're lucky!
If @realDonaldTrump doesn't work with Kanye on Chicago, there will be no unity or resolution. 

Right now Trump / #MAGA community needs Kanye.

Kanye doesn't need #MAGA.
Kanye has done for Chicago but created an entire creative institution for youth. Named “Donda” but of course the what have you done for me lately are not satisfied
Wtf is wrong with you
Well u could have built them during Obama’s era too!!!
Now we're talking.
Why not?
Love it!!! Don’t mess with my #Clique #MAGA
It would be so great if you and Chance could clean up Chicago! This would be amazing.. you know we would all support you including #POTUS way to think! Love it
What's the best way to help out? I do a lot of community service so I want to support!
I’ll believe it when I see it
Chance and I
Run for Mayor.  I am psychic.
I guess you & Ben Carson can build houses & charges the less fortunate 3X’s the rent. Help y’all stay rich.
You should have been built homes in Chicago. No need to tweet about it. Just do it.
For ALL of you haters...It’s my opinion tha Kanye is just looking for change that will empower people to think and vote based on their personal opinions.  Kanye is not telling people how to vote...he’s telling you to think!
Unfollow
Theaster Gates
Man. The residents of chicago don’t want you here. Stay in LA.
Mr.West what’s your view on this?
quem é Claudio gente ?
Bravo will always be shit, stop being silly.
I am a realtor and developer in Chicago. I want to help. For free!
We used to build our own homes, now the government must be paid first.  In the name of "safety" they would rather people live in the streets.  Heaven forbid people get control of their own housing, health, thought, and destiny.
can’t ur magnificent president trump do it??
if anything chance the rapper has done more to chicago then the president
I’m pretty sure Chance doesn’t mess with you anymore

Ask JL to some of his Soros money.
