What if Kanye made a song about Kanye Called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? 

Man, that'd be so Kanye
I miss the old Kanye
That “do what you’re told” Kanye
That bought and that sold Kanye
That story so cold Kanye
R u the new kanye
Yes. Yes I am. But my wife is sexier.
Love Worldwide Tour coming soon
Man your account still ain't back? Some soft people at Twitter... Scared the Kardashians are going to lower their stock just like snap chat when they are already doing poorly
Patience is key
Real recognize real. 

To Pimp a Butterfly
you're on crack
Nah he just woke and finally off the democrat plantation.
You're not woke if you kiss Trumps arse.. he was woke at the concert where he exposed the industry but after that he went back to a puppet dude..
LOL 
fake ass yeezys

You got great fridges! #Goals
Yes Perez, Zoom In of fridge. They too trying to tell him somethin’
yeah they’re trying to tell you something too! that they’re not fridges they’re a self cooking center..
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...

You should get some MAGA inspired Yeezy designs up. I’d buy for sure.
That’s  actually gross.
Nothing more important than family
Thank you Kanye West for waking up the black community. The Democrap Party does not care about the black community, but only the votes. They have failed minorities for decades. They want minorities to think of themselves as victims, just for votes. It is time for a change. #MAGA
we got yeezys
Love 

Anyone who has a problem with your message of love needs professional help
How Kanye tweeting right now..
White man with a black mask

I’m 31 years old and have never looked as cool as Saint looks


Check me out ye


We found Love in a hopeless place
Wouldn’t wear them trainers camping
It's funny how people. Who say they love and support you turn on you on a dime when your views are different than thiers.
Spread the love.

Woah, looks like my pals @realcandaceO and @charlieKirk11 hanging with @kanyeWest yesterday. This should be interesting! 
Is that kim's hand without make up?
I wondered and asked the same thing


i don’t
i don’t have love
where’s my love kanye
where is it
tell me kanye the ‘philosophical legend’
where is my love

Promo game on fleek

Saint clean as fuckk 


awww

More of these, Ye.
Kiss me Daddy #MAGA
Probably her indoor yeezys honestly
This new Kanye is awesome! Love this picture 
we got hulk
Sig ka me ta kthhy
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA mshkrujti mtha mos komento palidhje
Kris still running over to turn your WiFi off
brother sister love
Love is an interaction of person, space, and time!
How can yeezy have fake yeezys lol
Omg 
We got Dragon Energy
الله يحفظ كل ال ويست كلهم
I love u dad
restock the frozen yellows

Release more music
LOVE EVERYONE

Makes sense 
All love over here Ye! 
Nobody associate shade room with love! You tear him down daily and his wife and kids too
With a name like that who's going to believe you! Actually we don't tear no one down, we post as it's post. If people didn't post anything, how could we post them 
.... what’s the name got to do with facts? All you people do is ignite hatred on him and family. Negative platform
@NFrny Le gamin il a 3 ans t'as vu comment il est sapé, nous à cet âge là on ressemblait à des gnomes ...
Pas la même époque ni le même compte en banque mdrrrrr
Mdrrrr c’est clair !!
זה ניראה שהוא מחזיק סיגריה @ATARA2090
@OshrtShitrit חחחח נכון
#Empty Clips = Full Trips:)
#Empty Clips = Full Trips:)
Melts my heart
Nothing but love ye
cute but still hate you

@ktkobi wir haben Liebe
Why’s your kids in the cloning lab?

This is so precious
Based Kanye
GOAT!
L
"Ye VS The People"

Actually made more sense to me than anything I've seen you put on Twitter as far as explaining how you feel. 

Thank you for that. I get now what you're saying. 

#SpreadLove
@nullifyfedlaws after this tweet... I got identified as a bot.  Lol
They are censoring you bro!! You are making too much sense for twitter!  They shut down free thinkers like us
@britt4king kids yeezys 
 we could buy a whole farm full of ponies that would cost the same as baby yeezys 
Yeah yeezys make him a baller though
Bye 
You let your kids stand on counters
Hmm, who cares about the kid standing on the counter? What about the cigarette? Lol
What cigarette?
Lmao....when I first looked at it, it looked like a cigarette. Now that I look closely it's just a reflection. That's what happens when youre quickly looking at Twitter when you're supposed to be working. Ha ha



lil’ (Prod. By @flexlordshawty x @prodragu ) 
Everyone go run up my new song "Single" (prod. By @draegyy) and add me on soundcloud!!!
as good as hmmmmmm
Hi Kanye
And EVERYTHING ELSE is just for EVERYONE ELSE. I still love ya, Yeezy
The most adorable! @KimKardashian @kanyewest 
i love that you're speaking freely good for you!  god bless #MAGA
Saint is the sweetest!!!!!!!!!
Need those neon yeezys
Kanye got a plastic lid for his microwave, it seems we must all be like Kanye then
The shoes or the kid? Just asking because you never know with u..
Saint is super fresh today 
Saint sooo fresh
Luv livs hiye 
NO GUM SOLES @Lewis_jang
Is that @realDonaldTrump holding the baby seat???

#Summer2018
OH MY GOD SAINT IS AMAZING
https://twitter.com/GadaffiT/status/985907116073504770?s=19 … an we got 
When u tryna hit and she is tired 
Dude you got scammed. Those Yeezys are fake

Amen
Oh those happy pills are fabulous
So cute 
Beautiful, thank you for sharing! 
Cute premise for Kardashian/West reality TV. You guys own a hemp/horse farm in KY, and it's the complete reverse of 'The Beverly Hillbillies.'  You shake up the farmers with your privileged ways.  I have a million ideas about the comedy involved, & the actual production of hemp.
Love world wide true coming
I like Kanye
♡ To YOU & Your Family.
God Bless!
I love this and love all of you
Then can I please get some Yeezys?
And your savant because you have taught us so much about love!
Good morning Kanye, I love you so much I am your savant my King!
hang tough Kanye it's not easy for those of us who admire Trump for the job he's doing
LC on the yeezys!!
You got #bitcoin?
Beautiful-enjoy your family
Shame on them for hiring a white nanny!
on marche pas sur les tables !
Love it bro! @kanyewest
Fake Yeezys
why would microwave covers be on the ground.
Fake
*We
i have the same microwave cover
Sooo cute
Awwww the best @kanyewest

They don’t see the bigger picture

GOAT
Love
I love kids
Awwww
Look at the baby yeezys
WE GOT LOVE TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Cool
that’s so cute
Cheeks
awww
Aww

@isarpezzini pensa eu e você usando esse tênis vERDE
to beeem de boakkkkkkkkkk
@catarinaalspp

#RightOfLife  #UnbornLivesMatter #PJNET https://twitter.com/JAmy208/status/744684973316177920/photo/1pic.twitter.com/2WFp9wXBl2 

Spread love like confetti 

Read the original Declaration of Independence, the one that had a paragraph removed Eliminated SLAVERY in 1776!! The rapist, slave owner, crook, took it out, follow this link it's front page, FREEDOM STARTS HERE/HEAR
Take away a conservatives privilege he becomes a vile angry man hurling insults and playing victim.
Ahhhh, he's a loser who had to marry a Kardashian to become relevant!
And who are you exactly?
A Russian troll bot of memes
Don't let your kids stand on the counters with their shoes on, ewww
That’s what Clorox wipes are for, my dude!
Still - yuck! I don't even wear my shoes in the house so this made me cringe lol
Can I pre-order this one now; or do they have to be 18 before they can choose to be slaves?  Technically, children are property so I would guess that you do have the ability to allow a pre-order.  I want this one for my kitchen!!!!
Cute
Ye my daughter named North passed away in 2015 my son Dean who was just born on 2/12/18 just passed away on 4/4 please send love and good vibes our way.  I've been really trying to spread love even though I'm so hurt. Your love spreading has been therapeutic to me.  Thank you Ye.
Bring back the old Kanye please we don’t know this one is at all
So you popping pill huh!?you tryna gas niggas with your wifes theories!!stop it just pop it go to a strip joint in atlanta and spend that americano pe$o
Hey Kanye ,when you coming to Chicago ? I'm from Chicago ! we have a great city and it's beautiful.  We want to meet you tweet me back let us  know .or inbox me  we got your back .
@evilchef09 guck dir die Marken von dem Ofen an!!!

I think you're on to something. I'll be patient!

Cute
MY HERO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVE YOU!!!! GO KANYE!!!!!
What do you guys think about Snoop Dog's CRIP buddy threatening Kanye and telling him to stay out of Cali? It's like the Plantation owners are bringing out their attack dogs... Talk about being "used" by the man...
Who's frekled hand is that? O your nanny
Who fuck up ass hand is tgat

Still go drop that acid with cardi do it with love thanks.
I love you Kanye 
they very cute



those aren't kim's hands Ye
COOL
Iv never seen anyone sabotage theyre own career like this. What about your family? Thats why Hilary didnt win she was already kicked out of the white house. Cmon man wake up!!!!!!!    KRL
Yes
noah haçinsın beybisi mi buuu
Keep it!!!
Thank you kanye Wes
Saintyyyyyyyy adorable
https://youtu.be/aC3qKSSr1pU  
Nothing is stronger than love 
@yeezybusta
Somebody comb that poor kid's hair 
Gotta love Kanye, no blind obedience for him, doesn't follow the heard.
I need thoses shoes @kanyewest the ones I actually try for

