support trump
who else would vote for trump
thanks for making this country into a shithole, obama
and this
Also from the Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2016/07/11/arent-more-white-people-than-black-people-killed-by-police-yes-but-no/?utm_term=.55e18ba6163d …
great segway, 6% of the population and what’s the percentage of crime???
Thanks for asking! Please read this: https://www.huffingtonpost.com/kim-farbota/black-crime-rates-your-st_b_8078586.html … and if you have any questions after I'll answer them :)
What a surprise. Black people killing other black people is white peoples fault.
If Hillary was President we would be in a world war. With Russia.
Right now we're seeing peace around the world. Korean War just ended after decades and decades...
wait so Trump said he’ll attack North Korea if he has to and taunted Kim Jong Un and that’s what causes the Koreas to make peace?!
South Korean President said it best, “President Trump deserves Noble Peace Prize for what is happening”.
Obama has a nobel peace prize
He should give it to Trump
No
He should give the NPP to Trump **immediately. ;)
like if you’d vote for love
like if you like eating food :D xD Lmao
Like if you think these are idiots.
Estás tão bem, filho 
Peace, love and Bitcoin Kanye.

Let’s use technology to build a global financial system that empowers the people.
Don’t forget about Litecoin and Ripple!
Litecoin, yes.

Ripple.. Hell nah.
Why not? Why you don’t fuck with ripple?
The question is, why would you?

It’s not meant to be a payment processor, it’s not a utility token, it’s not even being implemented in the company’s banking system, and on top of all of that they hold the majority of the circulating supply..
i'm gay
World war gay ass over here
Did it work Kanye ?

The great love
Bout to unleash some WMDs (weapons of mass devotion)
Japanese gon’ catch all this love and devotion
That’ll make up for what happened in WWII
https://discord.gg/FNVHVFb 
StakeUnited online pool! Check it out!
Time to test this out and start telling people I love them.
Real Kanyes fan, I like it 
#helpsavedemislife Please please RT!
No.
Donald Trump is not on board with this!
Keep spreading the hate Perez. It's what you do best.
loving my daily kanye
alright, kanye
@kanyewest please kindly Start the love with me, all I need is school fees please.... #worldlove1
this ain't it Ye'
Amazing the hate you'll get for tweeting about love. That tells u right there who is warped 
If you search through the comments there are as many trump supporters not talking about love and instead talking about Hillary and Obama as there are anti-trump people saying anti-trump things. Your point is one sided which is not loving in any way. You're part of the problem.
I didn't denote who was specifically warped. I left it up to the reader to determine. But it sounds as though I hit a nerve with you lol 
Top up yer lithium mate!
Like if you’d vote for kanye
By calling “1” aren’t you kinda implying it won’t work and that not unlike the World Wars we will require a second one?   Do you often go into ventures with this kind of expectation of failure?
nah it implies it’s just the start. hella love sequels in the works
@DwayneLoganJr I like that response; simple and well executed
I’m down.
The worlds elites do not want people to become educated and prosperous and free thinking. Because it threatens their positions of power.

But as soon as we can raise the consciousness of the people you will see how quickly we evolve 
WL1? How do you know there will be a second one?
This is my favourite gif in the history of gifs.
I’d have to say it’s my second favorite.
Call Of Duty WORLD LOVE 1 looking like
EFTY!!!! Empire For The Youth!!!
Locked and loaded sir

Let's hope this works

That's good. We all need more of this.

Then sign me...... 
I have over 10albums as an up and coming artiste
We? Who are you ?
I'm down
Check out these twins on instagram @beardbrotherz_
Well if that is your goal then why the hell are u supporting trump ????? Help me
 Netanyahu is about to start world war 3 and trump is going to fall for it so much for free thinking
#worldwarlove1
Yes! Te amo! Pero quiero a @pouts más!!!
World peace is a reality. We are almost there. Keep spreading the love Kanye
Alright chief I come strapped. When am I being drafted?
Ok Kanye


I'm all for that Kanye. But we're not giving up our guns.
For the trillionth time,  no one wants your funky guns.  They just want stricter policies.
Who asked you?
His Duckie did
Ah yes. Duckies and safe spaces.
It's all about the Duckies hun
Wait for it.
aaaawwwwwww

Speaking facts all the time
Start in Chicago
You, my friend, are a very special man
#WL1 vidz #QAnons  #QMemes

Luv Luv Luv....

aaaah hahahahahahahaha
the biggest ideas of all times.
That timing is off
Get back on your meds Ye!!!
I want to nuke you with love missiles
CNN got all these haters brainwashed
Life is GOOD...#loveiskeyinlife....
John Lennon was better for this
Yeah and turned out he abused/beat his wife and child.
Can you imagine...
No wayyyy
@Kevin_Kelley18 thank you for your service in World Love 1 kevin
GOP can't profit from love tho
Trump's Rich. He doesn't need or want profit.
Optimism as cultural rebellion

You are alright in my book.
doesnt love have a stigma?
lol
Buy Anna Wintour on iTunes
WORLD LOVE 1
Hmmm album title 
Did you just learn about @shitpussiessay or something?
When the molly kicks in
Would you just stop?
This is just kinda corny

Yo I think this is the hat you were lookin for!
Time to message John Legend and ask him why his hero Hillary “warmonger” Clinton was the top recipient of cash from the Military Industrial Complex.
I’m glad you’re back. I hated you years ago. No longer. Either I wasn’t listening or you weren’t speaking my language. It doesn’t matter cuz I hear you now and you’re speaking to my heart. I may not agree with everything but that’s ok. your smile man!
EVERY GREAT LEADER 
IN HISTORY took a stand: Martin Luther King ,Mother Teresa , Nelson Mandela , Ghandi ,Malcolm X , 2 Pac ,John F Kennedy , John Lennon ,LADY GAGA & NOW YOU !!

 "MY BIGGEST HERO" since I was 8 yrs old.
Its not about
 US VS THEM 
BLACK VS WHITE
ITS ABOUT LOVE !
Mother teresa was actually a shitty person though. Everyone else on the list is good.
So was John Lennon

Infinite Love Is The Only Truth, Everything Else Is An Illusion

lol David Icke that is correct!

Gan to bed
Democratic Democracy
WL I
The Left and the Right are two sides of the same bird. It’s time to start looking who’s at the head. #QAnon #TheStorm #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #UniversalCleanup #AprilShowers #TheGreatAwakening
That’s not starting today for me - I’ve been trying to live my life that way since as far as I can remember. 
I think the opposite would be peace mate
but I totally get what you were going for and I totally dig it btw
Dont talk to jesus like that
He’s my dad I can say what I want
Why 1?
How can people not see how beautiful you really are

Can I have your home address please? I wanna share my dragon energy with you in person.
God picks the most unlikely  to show his love.  God Bless Kayne
Make love not war!
If you run for President, you will have my vote
Kevin love
Kanye, we would love for you to watch a hip hop musical about the election. It’s made by the youth and it focuses on THE PEOPLE.
#TimePhoneHack @kanyewest
Kanye the new @officialjaden
2017 Arab Islamic American Summit in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Not nice Savannah.
He joined your team im not happy about it 
I bet Germany would still find a way to lose
Amen to that.
Every problem and crisis in the world will be resolved ultimately if humans replace the HATE for one another with LOVE for one another.
Can u send this message along to Kim Jong Un? Plz n thx

Kid Cudi performing last night at the Smokers Club Fest in Long Beach California 
This is the corniest thing I’ve read in a while.
Dude. He sucks. Just admit it.
Nahhhhhh he doesn’t suck. He’s just going through some things.
dude r u kidding me
@RepMaxineWaters says “Kanye West talks out of turn“ she say That basically you don’t know what you’re talking about. I personally don’t believe that. but do you have anything to say about Maxine Waters and what she has said?
damb really makesyou think...
I’m in. I love everyone except the haters lol.
Maje... callate la puta jeta no jodas!!
You and trump?
Maybe not love exactly, but at least a time for people to finally start listening to each other.
We are living in some Tupac inspired times right now through your tweets...but this time, with Dragon Energy.
Too bad ur liberal Hollywood friends don’t get this concept #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
“@HerAmberr @kanyewest Too bad ur liberal Hollywood frnds don’t get this concept #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder” #StopTheCaravan #BuildTheWall
That’s enough Twitter for one day Kanye
I can hear you saying that haha
I’m saying!
What kind of drugs are you on kane
You can’t call it world love 1 until there’s been more than 1, otherwise it’s just world love
The opposite of war is peace not love
Your boy @realDonaldTrump is gonna have us in a world war. You cool with that?
Telpus!

monkaS ww3 is already here
Which are you choosing?
Let’s see where this goes.
I thought this was an actual thing so I voted only to see im the only vote. Now I feel scammed and want my vote back
? I posted it a couple minutes ago. There’s over 20 votes lol
I must’ve been the first vote then. Glad I got the Stake Chips team up and running I guess
Hahahaha steak all the way 
Your heads fried mush
Imma nuke u wit love @ernstmrcd @khielleC @ernstmrcd @_Jeano
Can't wait
Make sure to include Africa b
Errr, the opposite of War is Peace.....the opposite of Love is Hate....? 
Peace 
Why didn't anyone think of this before.
Kanye, that’s plenty
Yeah we get it 
Kanye right now
http://www.kanyetweetsmerch.com 

KANYE TWEETS MERCH

% of profits will go to
OMG.  NPR Literally Uses Racial Slur on Kanye for Daring to Question Democrats

Literally doublespeak from 1984
Cmon bud.
I hope your album is better than these corny ass tweets bruh. Love a book first.

Does that love include "Hispanics" who were loudly booed at Twittler's campaign/KKK rally yesterday? @kanyewest does not like Hispanic people, sexual assault victims, the poor or people from "shithole" countries. Enjoy your new friends 
This is great
Do your part, Kanye.  Emma isn't a great way to start.  Otherwise, you've a great start going, so keep it up.
I freaking love this
shut up.
Already peace with North Korea never thought I would see this in my lifetime thanks to POTUS
Oh my god Kanye shut up.
No Kanye don’t do us like this

shut up
IDK, “love” sounds like a better idea than “war” to me...
well, these are unrealistic and impossible goals that are promoted in media by people like kanye. war is part of life, in fact, life is war. life is about surviving by taking the life of others. without war, there'd be no life. then again, without love, there'd be no life either.
o bicho é duendasso
tá ai a explicação pq o cesa gosta dele
the opposite of WORLD WAR is WORLD PEACE
do you not have a publicist
Why does that matter to you??
Genius
OKAY
GET #worldlove1 TRENDING!
I love you Kanye
god just shut up please good lord
Trump is full of hate. You know that, right?
@NolanRyan22
You a clone.. this ain’t the real kanye
Tottenham ya Pakistan se pyaar ho ye umeed mat rakhna.
HAHAHAHA
This nigga Kanye went to go see Avengers Infinity Love lol

If this isn't smacking of @charliesheen back in the day... #winning

Solving all the problems, arnt we Kanye
I wrote a feature film about you Kanye please take a look
I WROTE A KANYE BIOPIC. READ IT HERE:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2ghLnkMA4pVTFBDVkM3QnZicHc … 
k
Thgfydt yjtt
You got Swagger Diddy #boss #swagger #betswagger #dontmess
Look their back!
You and what army?
Well that leaves the democrats out lol.   All they do is resist and spew hate! 
Thats awesome Kanye...im with you!
You ever follow the work of David Wilcock or read into the Law of One? Its the spiritual physics you're embracing and i think you'd take great interest in both the geopolitical analysis and unification physics David delves into. Keep that ultra light beam shining...
He was awarded in 2009. This was 9 years ago. We've been preaching "LOVE" for a while now @kanyewest
Effort: 10, Intention: 10, Deliverance: ...
World love 1 ,part 1....
Album Title
Still feels like hate. Check your settings.
God bless you Kanye!
Do you love me?
Same message as Charles Woodson's commencement address at the U of Michigan.
I agree @kanyewest
#Gringo
Thanks for clearing that up mate
amen
