Thanks kanye


Hey Kanye I don’t think it worked... did I spell it wrong?
Homedog what did you do???
co ask
Triple ask.
Also very curious
Me too.
Girl, who hurt you

Wow this lowkey flames Kanye release this
WHO DID THIS 
Lmooo I dunno
Like if Kanye made Taylor Swift famous

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
why do I keep seeing this what is this 
Kanye verse on His track Lift yourself
thank you
Love only exists when two or more people act in reciprocation upon the concept of love. Be loving in your actions, but if the other cannot or will not respond in a loving way, recognize that behavior based on one-sided love is in reality sacrifice. Compassion with boundaries wins
Have to disagree. There is also UNCONDITIONAL LOVE. Where one loves without any expectation  of return. THIS is the highest form of .
I disagree. Unconditional love requires first that love exists. No love exists without it manifesting through two or more reciprocating parties. Paradoxical. Unconditional love is a God concept designed to enslave minds unwilling to examine it in depth.
No dip shit, unconditional love is what your dog gives you. No God concept to enslave minds. Get over yourself.

Oh, so that's what your basement looks like where you type.
Enjoy your negativity. I'll enjoy my truth.
Your twisted view of your so-called "truth" more like it. I'm not a negative person, I just happen not to agree with your perversion of love. I cut negative people out of my life like cancer. You are full of yourself and think you know all.

@taylorswift13 YOOOOOO
Thanks Ye!
You love you like Kanye loves Kanye 
@hvrpz
How do you tell Dr. Strange I love you???
So i have to say to my ex that Kanye West loves me?
No
I’m not sure why, but if @kanyewest tells me to do something I do it.
Does everyone have a contact like that in their phone
Oh for sure, it’s just not everyday they see their name pop up on their time line like that 
I knew I werent the only one but seeing how many on here have the same contact shocked me
Haha you’re not alone fam. Best way to separate the fakes from the homies
I deleted my contact when got with last girlfriend, but you be sure she was still cray cray last time we spoke
I CAN'T YE I'M SORRY 
My ex wife Sharon’s new husband Gary doesn’t like when I call
Boff?
I love you @united airlines.
We love you too, Parker. We hope to fly with you again soon. ^CM

Kanye loves me? Weird
No. I don't want to.
Boa iniciativa. O cara está propondo uma trégua. Se as Coreias estão tentando, por quê não nós?
God bless you son, the love of God we receive in Grace should be displayed to everyone especially those who may or may not be worthy of it..while there is yet little time!
Straight up 

Here’s your claim to fame Daniel
Yea 7 retweets and 65 favs is gonna put me on Ellen
Lol duhhhh
Don’t be mean to daniel
Thanks dad
This gonna cause drama
I'm not telling anybody that Kanye loves them because I'm not mad at anybody.
You high?
So that’s what you did to Trump..... I see now
@looney_grunz i love you
So i take it you called jay today then. Happy for that you two are brothers and if you haven't call him man you guys are brothers stop fighting and smoke some
Revolutionary. Be careful. You are on dangerous ground. Too many people are addicted to and profit from conflict.
Yeah. That will piss them off when I let them know Kanye loves me. Sweet. Thanks
@joebudden I love you even tho your a Hillary Clinton supporter
no
Fuck that
So how about you text Jay
Yeah, yeah. Done that, just blocked again. Some people just don't like love.
Terrible! One day they'll realize its literally the ONLY thing we need on this planet!!
I gave up trying to understand. Some people are just wired very differently. 
Yes. Love is everything.
Yes. Or maybe they just don't understand love, or have never had good experiences with it. Ugh. Good luck to them. 
That could be a possibility. It sounded like they didn't recognise love. Saw obsession and coercion as "love". Maybe never had true love from their parents. Hard to fathom. 
I hope they eventually learn love.

I don’t think I hate anybody. It’s some people I need to apologize to for some hoe shit I’ve done in the past, but the past is the past.
Also, I don’t care anymore. I don’t/didn’t value the connection so now that’s it’s nonexistent is done, there’s no need. I mean yeah, I have dreams for time to time, but I can live with that.
It’s all love tho on my end. Even if I was a fuck nigga.
I don’t know where to start
are you calling Taylor Swift?

@danholling @emraff89 tried to do it with conrad, realised i have no way of contacting the dude #model #beautiful #definitelynotgettingmuggedoff #housemusic
hahaha - I'm sure Andy Gates could pass the message on?
oh i assumed he'd made it big in ibiza by now and didn't speak to the little people (me, but size wise, also C) i hope kanye reads this
Haahahaha. Course Kanye will read this, Conrad is probably his new manager/producer.
Did I do this right? Doesn't seem to have accomplished much. Not sure I get the challenge.
Thank you Kanye
Lmfaooooooo
I told her why I did it and she got mad as shit and told me she never loved me (my ex)
I rang @ShaniaTwain to tell her that @kanyewest loves me, but that didn’t impress her much.
I've got a new challenge for everyone today. Pick somebody that you had an argument with that you think you hate maybe even someone you haven't spoken to in years and contact that person and tell them I love you.

U b going hard on Kanye that’s love lol
Tru
Fawk no I’m not stupid. Some things are NOT meant to be resolved bro.
Yeah but are you going out with her ex boyfriend tho 
Oh God, Kanye...
Only you can make me do this, i swear.

I love you, I'm not your enemy on the contrary. I'll call you before end of today 
Also not yours babe. Only rolled my eyes  cuz am was sure to find you in Kanye’s mention dear. 
@JoelNorris777 I love you
Have you called Jay and Taylor swift and told them you love them yet?

Practice what you preach right? 
Did u called amber rose? If so, then I will do mine
 love to you and yours for spreading good will
Something we need much more of. On all sides. 
Peace my sister and fellow human being. 
You first. Tell Taylor Swift you love her
Good bye lmao
Are we still Kanye stans in light of recent discoveries haha
Okay . I told Bert that Kanye West loves me. He just stared.
Done. Hope it works.
So I ring them and tell them you love me ?
Lol.
best friend sleeping with my husband. I’m losing my visa because of divorce. My kids are losing their life in the USA. Help me stay & maybe

Yeezy taught me 

I actually love this 
I hope it's well received.
it was thanks @kanyewest
Disclaimer: don't hit up any exxes 
Ohhhhhh... that explains all the messages cussing me out
Hey Kanye I don’t think it worked... Did I spell it wrong? @Ihommefatale – at Master H C Kim's Tae Kwon Do Center
@kanyewest I've got a challenge for you. Put your friendship w/ Trump to a simple test. 

Kneel ONCE to protest injustice against black people in the US.

Ask him why he doesn't censure police brutality.

>Insert any topic here<

Be publicly critical, once.  

I DOUBLE DARE YOU!
I really don't think I did this right
@tommybananas22 I love you so much bby
@c_kopp_meow Ily bby
didn’t go so well
Haha obviously I don’t agree... leave Ye alone!! Ha
Jonatikikikitirah, im not gonna fall out with you on this coz i think ur a topper. A topper is a saying they use down the country to describe a person who they highly approve of. 
You're a great fella altogether.
#SheronaYouNutbar

contact Taylor Swift and do it, Mr. “Spread Love” West.
@piersmorgan hey dummy, just messaging to let you know Kanye loves me.
@Kanyewest maybe you should do this to every person that you have offended over the years.....just sayin. Live your own words.
I think he messaged @taylorswift13
I think I did it wrong?
both of u must love cereal lol
thanks kanye
You & Kim should call @RayJ & tell him that y'all love him


100% of people that try this
@___Mayaaa98  love you jit
@dmerylll Ilysm
@MTNRwanda i love you
Lemme think, my high school prefect hhhh

I tried but my wife just shouted “Why does Kanye West love you!!!” 
I don’t think it worked
@RelaxingGaming I love you 

Thanks Kanye 
I just called Donald Trump and told him that Kanye loves me.
While I do agree that your suggestion is optimistic in nature. It's inviting some negativity as well. You cannot force things to be what they are not meant to...no matter how bad you just reeeaalllyy feel like it should lol. One of the first things you learn as an adult #jgiddins
Did I do this right?
My own brother 
Well I was ignored like nobody's business 
Will you help me ??  My daughter has not spoken to me for 2 years over a bill.  Please help me.
What kind of bill 
A phone bill.  But she won't speak to me. I love her. We live 2 miles apart. I miss my grandfather. The bill is 1700 I can never pay it. I'm raising grandkids
Is it under her name or something? That's really petty. My mom is bad at paying bills as well but if she used my name for one and didn't pay it I wouldn't distance myself from her.. She's gonna always be my mom. She should want to reciprocate the care you gave her growing up..
Yes.  I had it in her name for 9 years. She said it was fine. Then she got mad at me and canceled the account. The back fees for the cell contract came to 1700.  It breaks my heart that she acts like I don't exist.
This took a very awkward turn and I’m ashamed to say I chickened out at the last second. Thanks for the shoddy advice, Kanye.


How can you claim to love someone when you support a regime that is actively making policies against their self interest?
Trump has not stopped anyone from progressing. If you’re stuck... look in the mirror
Please read.
He passed it on to the states, it’s not a federal issue. Every state has laws governing how they will deal with the LGBTQ issue
Be specific. What did he pass onto the states. What are you talking about...?
The bathroom bill... some states allow it and others don’t
I am not talking about the bathroom bill. Did you read the article?
I don’t read liberal rag... I’m an independent thinker like @kanyewest
. I have many years ago felt good please correspond with Dr.Tony Evans the urban alternative..Dr. Tony Evans . Org. Man of wisdom
@Selenedlmt wooowww te reto


if anyone does this, send me screenshots!

Kanye read The Secret and is now playing Jesus lmao
I love you 

Changing the narrative won't change the fact that you support Trump and all his lies!
@Bri_Alexis_Snow @ChipotleTweets
Sincerely chipotle I forgive you for giving me raw chicken and I love you for sending me free coupons

hol on what did she mean by the magical night she had with her brother oh hell nah

Absolutely not
I’m sure @taylorswift13 can’t come to the phone right now, @kanyewest
You want me to lie?

K you go first with Taylor Swift..

u calling up tswift?
@AlaskaAir i love you

No
wtf kanye
Using the words I Love You too easily and too often make them become less powerful. Using no words and treating someone with compassion and kindness is much more powerful.
I just did this so funny but I just started talking to my brother after years of not speaking so yeah I did it and now we're back to being brother and sister again
Wow Kanye nice.
I love you @jayzuni
Love you 2, dawg
I’m not telling my ex-wife that I love her.
I don’t see how that can go wrong LOL
@saywha_victoria @mikeortiz144 @bbboy934 @leonard1212 @AEM_much I love you guys
@KingBarba forever homie . Counting down the days till I see you . 
@realDonaldTrump Kanye loves us @kanyewest
I have no time for hate, this world is huge but getting smaller by people who can’t/won’t love. I choose to live happy
I am sure that I dislike people (not many) but do not hate anyone, even if I wanted to. 
I would only tell someone that I love her/him, when I really feel love for him/her. It makes no sense to tell someone I love you, if there is no real feeling.
I get what Kanye is saying. What he is talking about is cleaning up the situations in your past that prevent spiritual growth in the present. Making a list of people we have harmed. Being willing to make amends to them all. It works.
been 2 years since I've talked to that person, they got me blocked and I think they still hate me, I still love them though
I love you
Ah x
Then call up @taylorswift13 if you feel this way, sir.
I can’t wait to tell trump you love me.
Which one you had for breakfast..@kanyewest
Please screenshot Jay’s reply to your “I love you” message 
am I doing this right
“Ay Whats going on man, i know we haven’t talked in decades, but Kanye told me to tell you that he loves me, i know right? Crazy!! Uh huh... okay... mmhmm... alright... keep in touch, okay bye”
Thanks yeezus
@michaeldvee Kanye loves me.
“hello? ex girlfriend who cheated on me? yes, hello. just so you know - kanye west loves me.”
@GcianfagIione i don't hate you
Short answer... pass
Nah
I’m almost 100% positive this was suppose to be something to help what’s going on, not just to play mind games. Just my wild thoughts tho
I did last night:)
Did you get inspired by #NWOC and #listenfirst?
bruh
teehee !!!!!
Taylor won't answer the phone I'm sorry
@xandxandxand eu te amo irmão
obedecendo o seu artista que obedece a um judeu?
Nao importa esse seu odio, te amo irmão
esse eh so o meu jeito de ser carinhoso!!

tb te amo!
tao brincando de meu judeu mandou
poise
@pseudocorus te abo, hace años (2 días) que no hablamos.
 no te iba a hacer spoilers 
Ya la voy a ver (:::

I’m dying 
Did you read some of the replies to his tweet lol
Tell me why Fari sent me this  @MiriaaamRangel_ I think he was trynna tell me he hates me
Lmfao!! At least you got a message. I got y’all to talk and didn’t even get a “thank you” Lmfaoo
LMFAOOOOO! Should’ve been like thanks for handin me your spot just to piss him off 
LMFAOOO !! Don’t tempt me cause I will!!!!
Lmaooooo 
Difficult to do that I hate so many people. Haha
I'm joking 
@sarinibanini this is as close as I’ll come to saying it.
You're just mad at Jay's relationship with Obama and getting sonned by them both. All you're doing is being the jackass Obama said you were.
Your music has all been garbage since Late Registration
@shonafran dare ya
hahahahaha
Stirring the pot since 1994 
that’s why I love ya
@miss_wydra , Kanye Loves you
Where are you going with this Mpho? Your love language has always been weird to me
We haven’t spoken in a while, it it fits.
Well i love you ma'am
What if all I had to do is #forgive them? Once I did that. I was able to #love again. It takes a lot of #work to go from #anger to #love. #Love also #knows the difference in #good and #evil, and when to say #yes and #no. Love is a #moral. #Balance

that wouldn’t go well yeezy, I prob wouldn’t even get a response tbh lol
Hopefully you picked up the phone and finally apologized to @taylorswift13 for being an asshole back in 2009 and ruining her acceptance speech.
Nah.
But like... that’s a lie
Have you called JZ?
Why you telling people to lie to each other?
@lilZayRate @SkylerWulf ily 
^ @SaranyaKananson I'd probably be ignored and blocked 
Love your enemies, pray for those who persecute you...
#Mumble #Rappers #iu    oops.....wait @kanyewest aren't you a mumble rapper now?? #PoopityScoop #TellSomeoneYouBeefedWithYouLoveEm
uhhh i’m not so sure about this
I’ve got a challenge for you Kanye: get the fuck off Twitter stop posting wine mom quotes
Whatever you do don't give in to the people who are trying to hurt you because you have your own thoughts and think unlike them, when  was it not okay to be yourself, interesting that they show more hate than love, continue to be strong,making a difference!
@Tclarkson15 Love you
It is ok to despise someone. I despise Trump and all of his supporters.
um ya that’s what we’re not gonna do
Someone watched "daddy's home 2" lol
Kayne, thank you. You are right and I love you for what you are doing! I’m going to call my son  I want you to redo Cat Stevens ...PEACE TRAIN please
Fuckoff?
@kanyewest you hittin up Taylor Swift or something??????
@alysesielskixo @MckenzieRatz read the comments 
Love you @ggreenwald
I love you @kanyewest
@kanyewest I Love You
TE AMO #ILOVEYOUKANYE
Lmao no wtf
“The doctrine of hatred must be preached as the counteraction of the doctrine of love when that pules and whines.”
@TimoiDeLeon Rick Castro.  Cuz he dosent know why you mad.
Call Amber Rose
Like you, but no thanks lol
fts

