i hate the new kanye
the always rude kanye
nigga literally trynna spread love and yall sayin he’s rude?
you say you like kanye 
don’t even know kanye
You say you hate him don’t even know him
I miss the sweet kanye 
chop up the beats kanye
Just put out a song where he copped up a beat but okay
Bro it’s a kanye song they are quoting...
You can’t lead with love and support someone who hates Muslims and Mexicans simply bc of the color of their skin
Forgiveness: Time To Heal or Tertiary Intention (severe traumatic wound closure)
J Adams is the perfect title.
What a message Kanye! Love you
Mugshot

Kanye I have a title for your album. Remember when Jesus was on the cross he said “father forgive them” for they know not what they do”the best love story or example we have is Christ

Great first lady @FLOTUS looking Great in the Red dress 
What is the purpose of this reply.
Exactly 
@CarltonCole1 @_CarltonCole9
RIP Donda.
3 mins out of your day !
@__NOHEMI
Powerful.
MAKE AMERICA KANYE AGAIN
I SAID THE VIBES IS BACK!!!!!!!!
EDWARD BERNAYS - THE VIBES IS BACK!!!!
SIGMUND FREUD - I SAID THE VIBES IS BACK!!!!
The old Kanye can't come to the phone right now.
Wow. I'm learning from you. It may take time but we all must decide at some point love not hate is the answer. 
Seriously. He had to make it public tho huh. He could just forgive him and move on with love. Publicity stunt 
No one can judge what's in a man's heart. Public forgiveness  to overcome pain is an incredible example. Kanye's example inspires me. I have a few people I still need to forgive.
I forgive in the heart and not on Twitter. I understand what you’re saying though but idk it’s just something about how he’s going about all of these seems a little like premeditated self promoted but maybe I’m just tripping. Forgiveness is great and I encourage all to try it!
Whatever works to forgive. Twitter is a great public microphone to say "I forgive you" when people know who you are and who you have had a very public issue, in his case a death.
How is he a coward? He only gave his opinion and that's it, there is no need to insult.
His opinion is one of a coward.
everyone who likes, gets a nudė in their DM

RT for a folløw back

Go Follow @ILLUMINATIA
This album gonna be dog shit. I can already tell
Bodied on your own beat Kanye?
The Savior!
At Peace 
This I


"Who paid him?"
“Forgive me”
STREAM.
Bad album cover choice. #dwellingonthepast #insteadof #movingforward #seizetheday For an Album cover name, I would go with #kanyeunchained #nomastersnomore or #gowestbro
That doctor also had a tv show if I recall ? With Mario lopez
PURE.
Leave it be
Wtf Kayne? Step up fool.
hij is echt helemaal gek aan het worden @Caraaah
@donteatme510 @cheshire_lies
Oh ok Kanye 
I literally looked at it and was like
Ugh Ye 
That’s deep
With this thought basis, you will grow in wisdom and enlightenment. Grow in Love
Very powerful bruh 
FORGIVEN
And this what it all boils down too
LIKE IF YOU LOVE KANYE



@PantsuitPolitic @bluegrassred 

DID. YOU. SEE. THIS?
Feeling very confirmed in my theories right now! -s

What do you think about his recent ‘Slavery is a choice’ ridiculousness?
Sigh. I think the whole "They want me to take a pill 3x a day and I'm only taking it once a week." might be our answer...
*tear
RIP Kanye West 
Nigga he ain’t die
He's gone, sunken place got him 
Sweet of Bitter.
I miss this Kanye
Go listen to college dropout
That's my shit. That's what he dropped right after this right?
Lol like a year after 
You know how long broken Jaw takes to heal? Doubt it
You can hear the difference between all falls down (2003) single and everything else on cd(2004)  by the time cd dropped he sounded normal just listen to the music and you can tell  or watch a music video
So yea..... Listen to through the wire
That’s what i meant to say instead of all falls down but that’s was made an entire 12 months before most of the other songs. He made that weeks after the accident. Also did you ever listen to the mixtape”get well soon” that’s all music he made with the fat jaw
Darn Sad Jam - anagram of Dr. Jan Adams. Due to the fact of 'c3ase & desist' from the doctor I thought this might be appropriate. It's not negative - just factual. 
Kanye why?
Forgiveness and love of everyone
Why are you talking to me?
LOVE ME WHEN IT'S UGLY.
WATER.
I WAS HURT.
I officially love Kanye West as a person and an artist.
Blaming someone will not comfort your grief ONLY LOVE  THERE IS NO FEAR IN LOVE PERFECT LOVE CASTS OUT ALL FEAR
@TimtheConfuktor
What the fuck
This album is going to be so good
What about Love Never Fails for your album title?

This shit has me shook bruh. He should name the album EVOLVE
Because evOLVE is love with an ev and even ev desereves love
Notice how I spelt deserves. the first typo I have had to work in my favor
WORLD LOVE 1.
Everlasting love not hate !!!
That’s a weird way of showing forgiveness
Face your fears
IN REAL TIME.
I want the old Kanye West

Its quite touching indeed. Were you moved by his reply also?
I miss the old kanye the one where we used to hook up
Damn old Kanye had terrible taste.
LMFAOOO

- 12 year old

@Rap24HorasBlog
já publicamos meu mano, valeu pelo salve :D
Fortalecimento sempre, é nois !!!
I don't know if you can legally use that photo.
Sure Mario Armando Lavandeira, Jr. he can’t use a picture of someone else to sell an album. Just like you didn’t use a name close to someone else to get famous.
You do know who Perez is right?
Maybe you should research whose back and name he rode on to get where he is.
I knew Perez because of controversy not name.
I thought he just stirred up drama to get his blog popular
Nope. He changed his name and rode on the back of one person to get where he is. When she had her show he wrote about her excessively.
I thought you said to quit living in the past??
Man that’s not healthy
I think i get it now.
Forgive & Forget
Have ya’ll heard that new @johnlegend? @ScottyDReports @RobHagopian I’m baaaaaaaaack.


Ewwwww #DeathNote
@HellooSUSAN
FPF- Forgive Pray Forget
@andrewnshelton
Off ya box you wor kid.

Do it but choose a nicer picture. This looks like a mug shot man
Looking for some quick sympathy since you screwed up public relation’s wise...

@isaacmunoz81 @sensei_isaac
Is that WorldWideWes ? What's he sayin ?
"I sold my soul to the devil, it was a crappy deal."
Vindicated
Within
Wow that's very powerful!
If your message is really about love and forgiveness then why use what looks like the guys mug shot? Wouldn’t a picture of you with the guy be more on message, instead of a photo that looks like it’s meant to embarrass him?
It’s time to come to terms with what happened and push forward in a positive way, honorable for her untimely passing. Push forward in a positive way
Grace
#walkingthetalk #respect
I miss the old Kanye
Uhhhhh
He's just making sure that everyone knows his face and that he never works again. Forgiveness my ass. This guy is manipulative. Self promoting, narcissistic, attention seeking. His got my attention. But would never buy his brand.
He has the uneven Illuminatti eye thing going on. Forgive him. Forgiveness is Freedom.
Wow
‘Love everyone’ won’t fix everything you’ve already done put out there, ye
I cant start living until i do this Forgiving
Forgive yourself Kanye.  And maybe step away from Twitter.
Forgive Us Our Trespasses As We Forgive Those Who Trespass Against Us.
Dont use that jackass
Call it Reconstruction.
A time to start
A time to stop
@Ascend_US
@playboyfarti this is kinda fucked up tbh
That’s so beautiful  I’m so sorry for your loss.
I’ve always said Kanye wasn’t the same since he lost his mom and all the issues stemmed from that. People turned their backs on Ye when he started actin a little different, but don’t know the whole story
..Love your enemies ...Mathew 5:44
Damn
I can't imagine @kanyewest pain , losing a mother is losing a piece of u

How your mother could die at the hands of a plastic surgeon and you could be married to a Kardashian is beyond me.
This is a very complex tweet....it really caused me to pause and ponder your question & other existential notions | There is a message in the madness | You have been sharing it with us through your tweets | Blessings | His eyes are very sadistic looking on this pic
adore donda
Inner Love Lost & Found
How about “My Mom was dumb to change what God gave her”.
Maybe love your self not just ignoring the fake idea y'all crave
@jack @TwitterSafety
Overcome 
He looks like a serial killer!!!
ForGodness
“The Prestige of Reality” @kanyewest
Gawd.. This breaks my heart. One death was a tragedy.. Posting this man's photo on line is the furthest from forgiveness..
Hey, c’mon. This was a private conversation.
Makes no sense to me but, hey we’re talking about Kanye!
Ive got some ideas for you

Forgive so you can forget
Man in the mirror
Just another Trump. Emperors with no clothes!
@therealwesd I didn’t know you knew Kanye 

You need to get on your knees and ask God to help you forgive and heal in Jesus’ name. If you really have made the choice to heal and forgive... you will be able to. This hate doesn’t help you, Miss Donda can’t be helped by your hate. It only hurts you and all who love you. 
You want to forgive someone, forgive yourself man. You probably felt it was your fault but the other is blamed too for the act. It contradict things and leaves you confused. But the way out is to first forgive yourself. #StonerThoughts
@_illphil_  
I will never forgive the man who discharged my mom from the hospital for her to die 16 hours later from a misdiagnosis
Love you kanye
ONLY UP FROM HERE
God Bless the people who forgive. May God Bless and Protect Mr. West and his family.
.....wow #mindblown
Album title should be “Grace”
Excused Absence!
I think I’m gonna need this album. I want to stop hating too. Been 10 years now. 
Go to therapy, Kanye!
He is the therapist
This is Amazing and so Healing! For you to forgive and let something so painful go! I hope this opens the minds and heals the hearts of so many suffering out there!
Is this @sheckwes
For Donda
Everyone has love in them 
LOVE AWAKENS
She rejoiced! Your mom lived her life for Christ, remember her date was set at birth. No one can take you before your time. She watches o at you and your family with her favorite person, her mom
@kanyewest how about Skin Deep or Saving Face or Transformation...
 got a few more for you if interested...hit me back
I’d rather slit my ex’s throat than tell her I lover her Kanye you twat
@kanyewest how about using the Mother's photo?
Genius
The old Kanye
“There’s Always Room for this thing call Improvement “
Ultra ★ (blackstar)
God is not exclusively yours     Much Love
Gay
Calm down
No, don't do it.
Prt2: #getoveryourself and stop blaming other people... idc if I was a billionaire and my mother begged for plastic surgery she DIDN’T need... I’ll disown her for not accepting the way god creator her and trying to hard to fit in.
Corrected. "This n*gga here." Should be the title of the album. It's simple clean and gets to the point.
No Kanye
Really hope this is not the cover!!!
SO SAD SMFH
We are not the judge, God Is 
damn kanye. im sorry that happened to you.
Made an alternative Album Cover @kanyewest
you're hurting. if you ever need a slice of real talk alongside a cup of yea holla.
tea not yea.
Did you ask surgeon if wants to be on cover? If he didn’t give permission you’re  hating. And you ain’t forgive sh*t.
The man in the mirror
Forgiveness
Who cares
Please dont
You're GRADUATING from genius status brother, "IF THERE IS BEYOND" (should be the title) coz if there is beyond genius is what you're accomplishing by using Love the way it was meant to be used.
Album name:  Digging to Bury

Digging a hole to Bury the Hatchet 
Hope you like that Good Brother
@kanyewest in the end you will do, what u want. I think, if your taking advice from a Mother with boys, that you must ask yourself "What would my Mom say?"  You know her best, better than anyone, so you know the answer. @RealCandaceO  @KimKardashian @johnlegend @chancetherapper
...
Living with hate and regret  will only harm you and your loved ones,  be at peace  Like your  Beloved  Mother
The distance between Love and hate is a very thin line. This could go either way. 
Choose peace for both of you.
Title: When Being Happy With Yourself Is Not Enough!
YO
Keep them guessing kanye
Oh man
#TrueLove
