Right now at my school free thought is being suppressed because it doesn't go with the politically correct agenda.
I'm fighting back though
So proud of you!!

Free thinkers? Traditional thinkers?  Now we’re labeling the logic behind thinking? 
They may be broad generalizations but he’s right. It’s basically like saying close minded and open minded people, don’t think those labels are an issue.
The issue I am worried about is him claiming being a free thinker, which many conservatives will then begin to believe that is what they are, when they’re not. Being open minded is an act rather than a political association; I’m afraid of the latter
he didnt necessarily claim to be a free thinker and being one doesnt incline you to any political party just like being open minded doesn’t. Any one can call themselves anything doesnt mak it true. I think you disagree with him being a free thinker, but not his actually tweet
I understand your point. The point I am saying is that many people associated with his last frequent tweets will think he is associating free thinking with a specific political party when he is saying that free thinking is saying opinions w/o fear of rebuttals.
I disagree, he never affiliated himself with any party. He said trump is his brother although people hate him he loves him. He also said he doesn’t agree with everything trump does. He’s being a free thinker by going against the majority and encouraging others to think w/o fear
Yea but what I am saying is that trump supporters are going to misinterpret what Kanye meant by free thinking and associate free thinking with their party since Kanye likes trump. Therefore I won’t be surprised if conservatives will associate “free thinking” with their views
That’s a broad assumption to say trump supporters will misinterpret Kanye’s tweets.
This fake woke
to the max
They have the "abantu bazothini"(what will people say) syndrome
good on you Kanye for having the courage to stand up for what you believe in. Most celebrities don’t have the guts to do it.
Softboi equivalent of intellectualism
First time ever reading your tweets. Your thoughts are intriguing and a sense of release to ones souls. It’s liberating!
whyyy kanye whyyy
Tell this to Twitter. They keep censoring & banning people for free thinking which doesn’t conform to the narrative they want to push.
Free thinkers don't fear retaliation for your thoughts.  The traditional thinkers are only using thoughts and words but they are in a mental prison. You are free. You've already won. Feel energized. Move in love not fear. Be afraid of nothing.
More often than not, I have to go to original tweeter's feed to retweet or comment on their tweet. Twitter will not allow it from my feed.
Now would a "Gold digger" be a free thinker or traditional thinker? Same question for he who "gets on and leaves (her) for a white girl."
Kanye: Why don’t you raise your voice about your African brothers in South Africa slaughtering whites?
AMAZING!!!!!
You just freed more mental slaves than any society or govt ever did!
Your words are incoherent and vapid. And you are endorsing a man who has repeatedly attached minorities and supported white supremacists. Are you really that foolish?
Our support of a musician and entertainer and free thinker does not show support for a political affiliation, for the record. Everybody is entitled to their own opinions. That's the beauty of living in the United States of America.
Sorry @livelist. Not meant for you. Both @ came up in response. Yes it’s America. Yes freee speech is glorious. Yes his tweet was incoherent. Yes his articulation of his support of Trump ignores Trump’s relentless demonizing of black men.

First lady Kim Kardashian. As if we needed a lady with a sex tape as our first lady.
04
Get a physiologist
“It’s always a LITuation when I’m involved” -Ye
I'm free thinking you're retarded. Also I'm free thinking you got a new album coming out and you're using all this controversy for attention.
Just preach the word of God I see you got a calling. All these statements are there in the bible
Free thinks are the best successful people ,they have the greatest minds  rt @kanyewest
Not exactly clear about this free thinker vs traditional thinker differentiation. Freedom and tradition both have value. When applied to thought perhaps you are meaning open and accepting vs closed minded and discounting.
Let’s celebrate!
Too thin of a blunt.
Kanye, you may have literally changed the world. Keep it up.
nigga you need medication

Picking your beliefs has to be done carefully.  Dont be choosing one brick to build your wall of belief on but look at larger picture.  (Blind men & elephant-feel around for facts)
Check out & SHARE this #QAnon MEME & original classical piece I made for @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  @EricTrump @FLOTUS & all of his admin, #Flynn, & @USArmy @USMC & all of the first responders taking part in #TheStormIsUponUs #WWG1WGA
Well done, can I add my poem for Mr Trump, have a read of it, it's ok.
Thank you for the lump @humanexobird! LOVE it!

Well said @ekaf_swen
You forgot to call someone a name...
I was rightfully expressing that this sentiment and that crappy arse poem makes me feel physically sick. I didn’t attack your opinion ! You love it, I puked. End of opinions.
NICE! Keep spreading the sunshine! The world doesn't really need more negativity right now...
P.S. If a poem REALLY makes you physically sick... I pity you. Find something to like and praise it, instead of tearing someone down for trying. I do wonder what contributions you make?
I blocked that tosser, like you said what does he do other than troll people who have a bit of patriotism for the decent people of the world, so thanks for your comments, like I said it's a poem, if that guy puked, I hope he had just eaten his lunch.
In a million years, I never thought I'd "like/favorite" a Kayne West tweet.  But this was a breath of fresh air..
So you also agreed with him after Katrina when he said George Bush hates black people right?  Because your a free thinker or are you really just a cult follower and anything trump you like
Please spare me the "cult follower" bullshit...I like trump bc he likes America....Kanye I don't pay attention to...he infiltrated himself into the center of things, made his statement fir all to read and I agreed on it...done.
Democrats want to force all minorities into mental slavery, mental prisons. Don't let them stop you from reading, learning, listening to others with different ideas. #ThinkForYourself  #VoteDemsOUT
How is this enlightening? So fucken basic. It’s so obviously aimed towards hypnotized kids who live with headphones in their ears. Go away
Obviously I disagree. I have no desire to change anyone’s feelings on it.
I dig that. I’m getting to no thee. I honestly don’t trust the power certain folks have in our current time. The course of humanity could easily be lead off a cliff. I’ll shout, kick, and be loud about truth shaking topics. But hey.. who’s am I to be heard. We got thisss
I dig that. I’m getting to know* thee. I honestly don’t trust the power certain folks have in our current time. The course of humanity could easily be lead off a cliff. I’ll shout, kick, and be loud about truth shaking topics. But hey.. who’s am I to be heard. We got thisss
I feel you there. I personally don’t feel that it applies to Kanye in this situation, Only because I’ve watched him interviewed for hours and have a very clear understanding of what he wants to do and why. He wants positive change and accessibility in many different areas.
I glad u brought that up bc I’m going based on my ability to read behavior and body language. Kanye is who the Dr. Phil camp is tryna grab.
I’m*
DM me. I feel handicapped with @kanyewest access to my thoughts lol

Now this is the most SENSIBLE tweet I've seen of your tweets. As i am a #FreeThinker

Kanye I support you because you are following you. And, I am sorry that one person who you thought was your boy did not call you like a true friend when your wife was hurting. It is sad they did not call. Stay caring.
But somehow you think Trump does? Free thinking or Free of thinking?
Good on you for standing up to the crazy folks that can't handle the fact that you think for yourself ~ annoying as the day is long ~ totally feel ya!  Thanks for being HONEST!
Please continue speaking the self evident, unavoidable truths. People will wake up to these ideas. Some faster than others. Love you brother. Fear is natural. Facing those fears with an open mind and heart is the hero’s journey. Be courageous.

The planet does not need more successful people.The planet desperately needs more peacemakers, healers,restorers, storytellers & lovers of all kinds.The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, its a ? of human survival.
Seems like it has never happen to me before
Amen

HIGH ENERGY
Dude seek help!!
Translation: I'm so brainwashed that I think anyone who doesn't aggressively agree with me has a mental illness.

I mean it must be hard seeing a high ranking member of your political gang jumping ship, but stop trying to say he is crazy. It makes you look weak and sad.
Isn't it funny/sad how some people love to stay in their little mental prison?
Very much so. Life is complicated and each ideology has pros and cons and everything in between. When you shut off outside ideas entirely, you become a robot. I'm always learning and ready to change when a better idea comes into my mind.
#KanyeWest may truly help lead the black community back to #MLK’s message ‘Not be judged by the color of my skin but by the Contents of my Character’. #DemocraticParty wants to maintain a helpless, victim mentality, relying on the state 4 survival. Conservatives SAY Can Do IT!
Hi Kanye, I want to know who bluepilled Jay Z?
Slavery exists in America to this very day. The Chains, shackles, and whips have been replaced by failing schools, government handouts, toxic role models, and victimization. The #DemocratPlantation is very real and anyone that tries to help will be instantly labeled as racist.
chance?

Just because traditional thinkers are "rational", doesn't mean we're not creative! Just means liberal thinkers aren't "rational"!
Reach out to Joe Rogan please
Very smart man Kanye West
Much respect Kanye. Amazed by you.
Kick ass.

Take names.
The truth shall set us Free! We are with you totally. Tell your wife and her family to support you. As they did for their father. Love America constitution.
I HEAR this so loudly!!!!! Thank you for saying this out loud!!!
#woke
Jesus stopped walking with you a long time ago
why do all freethinkers think and say the same things as each other
Tell em your not a robot.
Excellent principles, funny examples. Love you man!
I hear you @kanyewest
#SpaceResponse
Kanye! You know better!
Stop tweeting and get some help yo
Stay free brother
Respect !! 
More Luciferian thinking, smh. Everything that comes out this man's mouth goes against God.  Stop worshiping/idolizing this man who even mocks "Yezus's" name and the other guy who mocks "Hova's" name, smh2x.
I sure hope this guy is for real, he talks a good game!
I'm gonna have to unfollow you kuz if this is the sort of stuff you'll be retweeting. 
I ain’t afraid of your bitch ass

Exactly

Kanye clone went rouge 
Don't do this bro, don't do this.
Ur a puppet #Muppet
Shut up.
really appreciate those words. Gave me a sense of peace. Thank you

Hard to listen to a dude that can’t keep his woman from being naked on social media 
You are really stupid
Word to the word. You could be the biggest inspiration of our generation.
Sad from this part of the world. They don't regard free thinkers as much as that black & white sheet call a certificate
That's easy to say if you're a rich asshole. But if you're poor you have no voice in this current government. If you need assistance, they call you lazy. HUD wants to triple rent on low income housing. If you can't afford food, they want to send boxes of spaghetti o's and ramen.
Hitler was a "free thinker"

Food for thought
Stop chatting
I can’t wait for your picture @kanyewest  
Question. What do you love about @realDonaldTrump ? Also while you’re at it.. What policies has he enacted or signed that led you to believe that he himself is, or supports people who are free thinkers?
And never sign any evil contract for fame and fortune!
Boy oh boy, I sure do love you. 
What Good energy.
You were shit in Adelaide


Just bc someone doesn’t agree with you doesn’t make them a traditional thinker. And it doesn’t make you different or enlightened to like a person like trump. It makes you a pretty traditional white American thinker.
@kanyewest , You're speaking like Martin Luther King and I love the message. It's the same thing we want to do through #LunarEscape. Unite, rebuild, heal, help, give back. God bless you Brother!
Will you please
Amen, brother. Bring it.

@kanyewest is a victor not a victim.
A victor... of what?
Ever heard of @joerogan ? Find him, talk to him. I want to hear this Ye I didn’t know about.
Um, I’m just not going to comment.
Would you call it #theGREATawakening  ????
Thanks for being a representative example of what I’m afraid my only child will turn out like. Really helps to provide concrete examples to others.
You are not a free thinker. You are trying to go platinum. #endofstory
Has some yes man that you surround yourself with called you a genius ??? This seems to be the norm in Hollywoodland...  Reality is Your very scrambled.
Sounds like lyrics to me.
Amen!
Kanye is truly woke.
You just as Trump; play politics for money, fame,and power. Selfish
Ignore those haters kanye
Respect
There is but one that I fear and it's not Man..


YOURE AMAZING KANYEEEEE 2020 is right around the corner!
I am afraid of spiders and bad rap singers equally. I wish the world was free of both.
My free thought is to not support you or your music anymore.
So true!

Smh
Words of a true thinker.  That's what we do.  Nothing ever slows the process, even when we want it too... Nothing! It does what it wants to do...Think! Think & Think...
Free thought is easy peasy, it's when you open your thought to others, is when the shit hits the fan. Simple respect for each other as humans has eroded to the point of social dysfunction. So much hate. It would be different if we we're all in the same room face to face.
Well said very well said!!!
The truth and Dragon energy will always prevail....when one stays true to themselves
If you think for yourself you can usually hold your own in any argument.  Sheeple fail quite quickly when challenged because it’s not their own thoughts they are supporting.
Yep yep
Did you encounter Jesus?
@kanyewest QUIT saying positive Sh*t like this PLEASE

I DIDNT listen2 to UR music&DIDNT follow UR crazy publicity antics

DONT WANT 2start NOW...BUT

UR COURAGE & MESSAGE have me thinking U MAY BE the start of something SPECIAL&POSITIVE 4 #AMERICA

I’ll B watching NOW
#MAGA
Be objective. Look at the facts. Slow down and think.
Facts!!! But you’re still crazy though. 
Kanye is a artist
#KanyeOG

Lol that you fancy yourself a thinker. Free or otherwise
Kanye keep preaching man
Where have you been hiding this Kanye?  Dude keep it up, you may be what we need to pull this country together. Don't waste your opportunity. This is huge
BROADCASTING DEAD FROM #TheSunkenPlace
More black Americans need to think like this. Your support will grow if you stay true to yourself and never back down from the hate
Yes and or but you must also be sensible and cordual to the rhythms of good vibe not hostility of righteous discovery of that freedom of not being afraid, really be #Free #onelove

@ebrahim40391776
Freedom: use that thing so many Americans fought & died for! The left will be happy to take it from you but they will call it something like "safety" or "fighting oppression".
You are one of the enlightened few who can stand up and be yourself.  Leaders have this capacity, rather than the anonymity of just part of the mob mentality.  Bravo!
You are a hero. Don’t let them get you down.
So proud of you!
@DiamondandSilk @RealCandaceO D+S are free thinkers + are not free to speak. But unlike 2 live crew they can’t use “art” as protection for communicating those “free” thoughts  .... banned in the USA #MAGA @ScottAdamsSays solve D+S ;)
When The Deplorables start jumping on your bandwagon that's when you know its time to rethink your approach bro.
I may not agree with all that you believe or say but I will defend your right to say it..
Nobody can take your thoughts from you. Our minds are very powerful and only we have control over what we do with our thoughts
Free thinker? Lol Is that what we are calling delusional now?

Kanye Kardashian West...
Real tweet

Trump voters after seeing @kanyewest tweets 
Wow....that’s real deep. 
White conservatives like Kanye Now that he’s a Trump fan. How about we look back to 2005 when these same people attacked Kanye for having an opinion on Bush 43!

Critical thinking > free thinking
Keep telling yourself that...youre a nobody
So nice to see  In a chain
The problem is the schools have been teaching kids not to think for themselves.
I can't believe I'm liking a tweet by Kanye West.
We are all free. Free to pray, worship and live with out persecution or being thrown into jail. I may not have been dealt a great hand but I’m still playing the game. I love and pray for you and your family, Kayne. Our President and his family too!
Is it me or Kanye’s tweets are the only reflective ones? 
You should be in advertising - Coke, Nike, that sort of thing.
All your likes went from people who bought Graduation to Russian bots.  Congrats!!!!
Wizard of Oz Characters wrapped up as one.. (Courage)
Tell that to the Parkland high school kids that were verbally attacked by the Right for expressing their thoughts.
Thank you Kanye you are very inspiring.
It’s very free thinking of you to adopt the default political position of everyone in your income bracket.
God bless you @kanyewest you’re a great American and a true patriot.
That makes a lot of sense when you think about everything that people won't say cause they are afraid of upsetting someone else
MOVE ON THIS BEAT CHAMP....
Listen to ABYSS by BLACKZONE #np on #SoundCloud
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
I myself am a free thinker. I freely think that your main objective here is to say whatever you need to say to win over these white folks and take their money even if it costs you the support of your Day 1 fans. You aren't clever or artistic. You're just famous. But do go on lol.
Keep it up bro!!!
Amen
Except impeachment. It's ok to be afraid of that.

Where do we go from here?
https://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/encyclopedia/documentsentry/where_do_we_go_from_here_delivered_at_the_11th_annual_sclc_convention …
I love you Kanye...
...and then there's actually thinking. That's good too.
Don't cave! Threats are common with them,they end up calling the cops when u get them alone.
I have a new hero.  What is missing in the media narrative is that you are wishing positive things for Blacks through your actions.
#GoldenAge
You are a GREAT AMERICAN
You are not a thinker. It requires intellect that you lack to be a thinker.
take em to church ye
