I had one of the most unexpectedly positive conversations about politics today. No battle lines drawn, no polarization — just talked about possibility, optimism, and love.

The Kanye Effect?
@kanyewest 
has RT'd
@RealCandaceO   
@Ali 
@ScottAdamsSays 
@jordanbpeterson and now
.
.
@johndurant 

That is a serious lineup of talent.




M E M E OF THE MONTH


You're dumb
What a great, and mature reaction
You're like Trump in so many ways.
Stop trolling him
Nope.
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
I thought those were Bill Cosby pickup lines.


Ain’t nobody changing your mind
That’s not how you retweet
oneless Retweet
I texted my ex gf yesterday and told her I love you like you said and a restraining order showed up at my house today thanks Kanye
Deadass?
Fr
I think it's time... to send iCarly to Brazil.

As long as we keep communication lines open there is hope. Unfortunately, friends of mine who are on the Left have cut me out of their lives which is heartbreaking. 
I am a moderate, I try to see both sides of an issue. The only way change can come is when people respect each other and compromise. I was a conscientious objector, I did not vote for president in the last election. I will vote when they have candidates I can respect.
I voted for president, just not one of the 2 main candidates. People need to talk with each other, not just shut them out for having a different opinion on any given subject.
Have you learned nothing from twitter?  Its all Hitler this and privilege that.  That's the only way to get someone over to your side.

Actually turns out that doesn't work at all.  Ask questions and be polite and we as a society might learn something from someone else.
God Bless
Tweet of the year award goes to...
Ye vs The People? 

Nah. 

Ye UNITE The People

#ReTweet if you Stand
With  @KanyeWest 
East and West is best!


this means Kanye prob saw @LILBTHEBASEDGOD tweet cause @johndurant retweeted it right before the tweet quoted here
Love it. You're on the right track Kanye. The louder your critics complain about your independent thought, the more their fear of being exposed for hating without legitimate reason. One cannot deny the accomplishments of this President. Stay the course my friend.
How the fuck did he quote tweet without text
MOTHER OF GOD, @JOHNDURANT.
Take away a conservatives privilege he becomes a vile angry man hurling insults and playing victim.
Substitute progressive for Conservative same same.  We’ve witnessed a year and a half of it already.

#MAGATogether 
Ye vs The People? 

Nah.…
This is where we all need to be.  Not blinded by party lines.

Stop talking and FIX some shit!!! I ain’t see you feeding the homeless with Kim!?!?!# You gave away some Yeezys yet?????
We dont know what he really does in his free time since we dont follow him 24/7 so we cannot assume that he does or not. Some of what we know is that desalination is in the works.
it would be promoted!!! Someone would have said how he looked out besides Big Sean!!!
I am loving the elevation + edification that @kanyewest is bringing to the world. beyond politics, looking at love + freedom and the ideas that flow from there. fearlessness in a world governed by monolithic thought.  #thekanyeeffect
I love you
I AM PROUD OF YOU
dude you fucking love grifters lmao
It's called being open minded. Being cool! Not the #Kanyeeffect. Silly!
#GoldenAge
drop the song
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
https://youtu.be/EZYW5_DU1zQ  
I like.

Preds in 5
SO MUCH LOVE

IT'S MAGA
Can we all please see the positive side?
#MaazKhalifa
Like/repost my newest song!  https://soundcloud.com/itsmaazkhalifa/iwanna …
My mans that shit is not fire at all.
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
Omg get a life you troll 
It wasn't with @ThePerezHilton , was it?
Yoour brother.
You may have lost some followers, but you got some new ones! Much respect!
You're IRRELEVANT and can't tweet worth a shit.
He’s so irrelevant but here you are...on his twitter account. L
like if u want a ye and cudi song released
bro we want the full album lmao
Thank you I so PROUD OF YOU MR WEST

#TheKanyeEffect
I love to hear this 
That sounds like a political conversation where opposing sides acted fake as fuck and were too cowardly to call out why the other side is shitty--then patted themselves on the back for being "civil". I guess that's "the Kanye Effect".
#Love
Let’s take this momentum to discard the silly negative slang of snowflake. Snowflakes have always been symbols of beauty, nature and wonderment. We’re all snowflakes in our own way. We join together as snow, a collective wherein we effect one another and yet remain unique people.
This is what you Co-sign this is what you attach you're Legacy to 10years from now your not going to be known for the great music you make it be for endorsing this https://youtu.be/5ogdgddvqG4  #KanyeWest
Let there be Peace on Earth.
the Ye effect is real
@kanyewest kanye listen to @APompliano
YOO @johndurant
Go there. http://911essentials.com/ 
Ultralight beam good song great job thanks
Stop smoking weed
Please stop
Let's work!!!
If you suffer from Depression and anxiety and been through some shit you might relate to this...

You should rock a klu klux klan hoodie next just saying according to your logic you’re challenging hate w love right?
He already has a song called Black Skinhead!
He’s an embarrassment and a child compared to Lil B. I feel sad for him I hope he finds based and realizes he’s ten years behind us
People not gonna see your vision rn cause they filled with hate and so much negativity in they soul..... There's nothing love and empathy can't conquer.
You just keep doing you.

Kanye:  love is in the air.  I met an amazing liberal tonight and we’re thinking about joining forces to help inmates in WV to start their lives after incarceration, by being socially and politically active.  It’s not about who you vote for as long as we love each other. #Love
LOL, this si so simplistic and unrealistic.  Maybe if we sing kumbaya then the dreamers won't be deported and our air/water won't be fouled by removal of regulations, etc. etc. etc.  It absolutely is about who you vote for. Politics is one's worldview.
You’re so cynical.  There are no dreamers being deported.  And there are no caravans of migrants crossing our border.  EU scientists have said that global warming has slowed significantly and the air where I live has never been cleaner. You’re party don’t believe in 1,2,4 amdts
http://time.com/5189699/dreamers-deported-mexico-city-new-comienzas/ …  And you aren't paying attention.  Global warming is not slowing, I work in HVAC and we are designing to 50-year extremes because if we don't, people are no longer comfortable.  Your party doesn't believe in facts, education or human decency. Eat shit
Listen:  I’m a prisoner’s rights advocate and I love the constitution.   I’m not a one trick pony or a single issues voter.  If you want people to continue to hate each other because they disagree on politics that’s your problem not mine.  But I believe that love conquers all
As long as you support the current administration then ur worse than a 1 trick pony or single issue voter, ur a dupe for a con man.I don't want people 2 hate but I do want Trump supporters held accountable for what they've done.
You want me held accountable for my vote?  What do you propose should happen to me you sick fu*k!   That’s called fascism
love to everyone else here let’s celebrate the value of #ideas and #discussion
Let kanye SPEAK freely..new album dropping but LOVE Holding onto your $$.   #GrabYourWallet
Kanye effect’s been my life since Jesus Walks

Trump loves America and its people of all stripes, which he has stated repeatedtly. "We all bleed the same red blood of patriots" - Donald Trump
#BronxRockers #BeatStreet #MAGA #GreatAwakening #CultureRevolution
Next album #TheKanyeEffect
CRYPTO
A JOHN DURANT TWEET TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
He doesn’t like you Kanye.

when that new @kanyewest drop . . 
Sounds like Tuesday to me
Never forget who Kanye chose to align with.
with Democrats it all comes down to raising taxes to institute socialism programs to indoctrinate kids so they also with give them what ever monies they make in the future..its basic socialism under the guise of tolerance and acceptance but actually its divide and conquer
Good to hear.
LIFT LIFT LIFT LIFT
LIFT YOURSELF. Thank you @kanyewest https://soundcloud.com/lilbeams/lift-yourselfmore …
Good!  It’s about time that civility returns
You $ to Kanye 
Kanye aligns with Trump
You now supporting Dirty Donald

Are you going to be complicit?!!
We could have so much if we all work together
All this bullshit is your new album, yeah? Like, this is some next level shit and all this weakness and shame and crying drivel is all the new record. Brilliant.
The Kanye Effect, you say? Hmm....
Good for you. Democrats stay relevant why? Who do they depend on?
F K

there’s always HOPE if we’re willing to LISTEN
As someone(me) who wants to do music, you and @Tip doing that song inspired me to want to do it even more. I always thought everyone, for the most part, in the music industry was closed minded, but that was a beautifully done song. I just want different thoughts. Love you guys
All this trump supporters / bots on your comments know be annoying 
We need some black democrats  to consider other options.
THEY KILL THOSE THEY DO CONTRACTS WITH BETRAYAL BRUTUS THEY WILL TURN ON YOU TOO THIS TIME NO JUDUS
You literally have to draw lines when you have a President who treats people who are different colors or religions or genders lo ke they are less 
ALL HE CAN PROMOTE IS NEANDERTHAL THOUGHT  AND FODDER #BEAR THERES NO NEGOTIATION WITH TERRORISTS SEE THE CADDO TRIBE
Ye in the building lol
@kanyewest is money hungry but to sell out like this ! Its plain embarrassing. How can you agree with @DonaldTrump when he called #whitesupremacist "GOOD PEOPLE" wtf ! Anyone that stands alongside white supremacy and the marginalization of a group of people is trash. #fuckkanye
i'll say a little now about the crossover from fiction to reality to where we start over. its a trick of the glitch and for sure makes you twitch but the truths not waiting if we're still hating. its not a game my brothers and sisters this is for real mothers and fathers
You just need to say "dont build the wall but dont let in the bad guys" and you're all good Mr.West
Free your mind! #KanyeEffect @kanyewest
because the curtain that closed is nothing more than a ruse. curtains wide open and everyone knows you just keep forgetting because you forgot about hope love God Christ truth and the light but God did not
#BlackTwitter #BlackAmericans #blackandSTEM 
you can make your mark or you'll become somebody else with sombody elses dreams acting as if theyre as real as real can be. but if youre dreaming a lot with your eyes closed than youll become as lost as if youre a ghost. thats not why we're here to only disappear.

The Kanye Effect. Keep hope alive, I like it.
i love that!
im sorry but truth is one long song playing from your stereo speakers your children and leaders. the music keeps going no matter the dissonance because life sees no difference between you or me. we all have the same blood and we all can choose not the same greed
Yo you wanna watch some garfeild with the lads Kane
Kanye's Nightmare- 
https://www.instagram.com/p/BiKScT-AONQ/ 

Is no one realizing that a lady just sent a nude to kanye via twitter
#MAGA

YASSSSS
nobody's arguing with the point you're trying to make - trump is an objectively shitty person, which is the real point

@CapitolRecords @TPAIN      https://soundcloud.com/sonny-garza-731621425/like-it-alot-mistablack-on-the …
AND.................
Follow me for Pro-Ye Info
Bless the poor
Ye, i swear if all this is for the new ultra boosts Im gonna have to hit the unfollow like ri ri

Which of the following women would you most prefer your daughter’s future to resemble?

@FoxNews @CNN @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @mitchellvii …
Traitor!!
#MAGA
#KanyeEffect
It’s really about healthy conversation, not divisiveness.

Wat
This hasn’t aged well
Why did you post a link of the tweet you just quoted 


Read the original Declaration of Independence the one that had a paragraph that Eliminated SLAVERY in 1776, the rapist, slave owner, crook guy follow this link it's front page
Let @PaolettaDominic work for you
Fuck me please
We love you
My fav song EVER is famous cannot wait for the next album
just download the app stop usin web twitter
#dragon energy
i miss us
Do me
In full effect!
Yo get kawhi to go to the celtics kanye. Maga
Legend
Have you ever heard of a Retweet?
Plz be normal
Woah
Plz call me
Oof

We will do this in the streets #eventually
Seeds of hope.
Then that conversion would no longer be "politics" 
Politicians are incapable of putting those ideas & qualities at the front. They all get twisted along the way
Nothing impacts our life like spirituality & philosophy. Yes, it's OK to talk about religion, politics, & policy.

Free thought is the goal Free speech no matter how repugnant to the senses is to be protected or there is no free speech hence the 1st amendment but not all ideas are equal they are either healthy and prosperous or unhealthy and destructive to civilization.
A excellent manager will have a staff of passing views so as to see all perspectives or risk group think that could be wrong diversity is good so is differing free speech to search for the more excellent way.
Gods word the Bible in Joshua after crossing the Jordan told the people you have a land before you of milk and honey so choose life or choose death free thought?
Example, our on the expressway in the fast lane doing 90 in a 70 and you choose to text a friend but the flow of traffic slows quickly and you cross the median and hit a bus and kill most people on the bus? Bad choice for you and the dead people but your choice?

LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL

Love is great and I am really positively impressed that you are pursuing it. But does love pay the bills?
People would be surprised at how much they agree on, without the context of "politics". People should just try and interact. It's not hard.
Read the word is (y)ours by this guy it will change your life bro .....
I wish the world would go back to that.
BEAUTIFULKANYE WHEN WE GET BACK TO MIDDLE SCHOOL VALUES: FAMILY, FUN, FUTURE PREPARATION & DAILY ACTIVIES~WE FEEL LIKE TODAY IS THE BEST TIME IN LIFE!! ITS ALWAYS A NOW MOMENT! IDEAS, CREATIVITY, WITTINESS FLOWS!! ONE GREAT TWT SPREADS LIKE WILDFIREITS TRUE & WE VALUE TRUTH!!
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Selling by house I need a buyer ASAP. 214k call Melissa 734-338-7573 n grayslake Illinois
Yessss.  And this
Kanye is the only black man in America with a brain, Black unemployment is at all time lows. This is how to get out of the projects ,a good job not by doing illegal things to make money

So,all the things @realDonaldTrump DOESN'T stand for. But you keep backing him and acting like a grampa on Twitter like him. #Awkward
http://bestcashjob.com/?refer=218585 
I seriously do this all the time. It's called being a classical liberal
Hyper Subcutaneous Combustion
Amazing isn't? When people start having conversations. Listening now adays is a dying art form. We need to listen ( be still & settled) receive info & than respond. We can learn from ALL sides.
You’re a disgrace. Just remember Obama did more to bring home inmates who were oversentenced than anyone. Trump and Sessions are locking them up! Private prisons donated more to Trump than any candidate. Wonder why? Think about it dummy!
Did that conversation include a wall or kicking transgenders out of the military?  Hmm, probably not. Open your eyes people. Kanye is not well.
So I'm guessing no one brought up money.

Kanye, do us a favor and tell the world how disgusting @michelleisawolf is.
Thank you Kanye!!! for giving Americans your talented & influential_INDIVIDUAL_ voice!!! We will stand united in support of our America!!!! #KAG2020

You are already shadow banned lol look at your numbers before and after taking sides lol
https://youtu.be/8x61eCCUhxk . 
ye you're cancelled. you can't keep preaching abt love while yourself loving a man so full of hate he moves to legislate it. to love is also to draw lines, to be unwavering in opposition to injustice, prejudice and hatred. there are people hurting, dying bc of trump and his ilk.
A diamond in the rough?
To ALL who are discouraged, remember this! I need to remind myself one day at a time... And sometimes it's hour by hour. 
Different ideas do NOT need to lead toward demonization.  

Let go of the hate.

