For the majority of people they focus only on their IQ and neglect their EQ. What you are doing now is shifting this focus. Hopefully, we can have EQ classes beginning in kindergarten, imagine that!? Stay strong, you have the truth on your side. Much LOVE to you and yours
I would love to be at your energy meeting. I feel what you are saying.
Anyone there work at Arby's?  Cart attendant at Walmart perhaps?  Doubt they're all different backgrounds!
Everything is stoic in there. No art to spurn reflection.  No color to spurn creation.  No meat and cheese tray to get it poppin??!! Who raised u?
You dont like stoic lol?
Bro she knows! She's generated a billion dollars too.
I think you mean AA meeting...
Almost like you don't need the whiny mob's permission to get busy solving problems.
And yet the room is bland and vacant. Just like your last few albums.
Jealous?
Yes you are poor you
Beings from all different backgrounds got together to create Bungie's plan for destiny. And look at what happened there.
Can you livestream these conversations?
A meeting of deplorables
This brother wants a word w/ you Kanye.
He said that slavery is a choice in reference with all blacks have to be Democrat thing. Stop digesting newspaper. They misinformed and create enemies.

Youre proving his point. 

Neither kanye nor trump were responsible for this murder. 

Stop the hate. You're as bad as the white supremacists.
You are the problem.
If loving everyone on this planet regardless of colour is a problem for you then I guess I am a real problem.
The hospice room. Scary!
Hopfully the mother ship will beam all you "geniuses" up.

Affairs [Produced By Culli] by Culli | Purchase Link : https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-brightside/1236242065 … Taken from the album The Brightside EP. #TheBrightsideEP 
One thing in common....rich
are they telling you to not put all the blonde, white people in the front and the black people in the back this time? wait a second..
Keep raising your voice. God is not done with you yet. 
Unity
this like saying “im not racist because i have black friends”
I think that's the Ass donald trumps plan. Saying his BFF is black so his not racist.
This is what America should be like and in reality in the public square it usually is.
I hope that at least one of those “beings” proposes that you change the title of your new album.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marketplace_of_ideas …
His house is so bland 
How do I join?
Let it go. You're cancelled.
shaddap
No fool, hes cancelled.....
What does that mean?

Stay real. Don't let the haters get you down. They just don't understand where you're coming from yet.
beans from all different backgrounds
thought i peeped ellen degeneres on the side right.
Not enough sweater vest
Hey get at me ye! I have some information I think would be helpful to moving your life forward that has been a huge help for me.
@KNARLYdb @DenimTears
Maybe he was trying to say that he's tired of people making excuses.
First one is free.

hit the DM for more GIFs
It’s a benneton ad?
Why does Kanye House look just like a Hospice?
Who are these people??

@kanyewest PUT on the GLASSES #TheyLive A John Carpenter Film Must Watch!!!
Kanye we need iCarly in Brazil! Help us please #iCarlyToBrazil
WTF? Why would Kayne West help you to get the show Icarly to get put on Brazilian TV?
We need to feng shui that room! The energy is so cold!

There are no seams in the house, except floor against the wall.
There's only 9 different possible backgrounds?
I think he should have said, “...all from different backgrounds...” but he still hasn’t reviewed my background and hired me as his celebrity staff writer. People know me. Just not in the sense where I’m know.

lol
Looks like a meeting for basket cases lol... #MakeKanyeBlackAgain
So much tolerance from the Left (only if you agree with them).
What's the excuse for the ignorance and intolerance of the right? Let me guess, liberals?
You are playing the ignorant identity politics game of saying a black person needs to be "black again" just because you don't agree with what they are saying.
No, I say that because he's clearly ignorant and delusional, and in this society, unfortunately, he'd influential ro many...
You claim to have a PhD in Black studies and you are telling a black person that he "needs to be black again". That is clearly ignorant and delusional. Be better than that. It's 2018, not 1860.
I have a PhD in Political Science... and talk about people living in a delusional past, that's your whole platform
Is it cultural appropriation for you to use the words that a white KKK member would say, like Kanye should be given the "Coon Of The Year Award"? That's disgusting. Who was your professor, David Duke?
Kanye you are a genius!!! I am officially listening to your every word. Love them.
Context is king.
Obama won because he’s black. Too many Black people are SURFACE LEVEL LOGIC. Kanye is WOKE. He knows skin color does not define intelligence.
So dumb...
So so dumb. Smh.
New to Twitter, bc I don’t like social media. I joined bc it’s so inspiring to see someone with such an impact post of pure love with pure intentions. It’s hard to face the mob, knowing you’re about to be singled out. My mind thanks you for the break. #freethinkers #fuckheadlines
I joined just so I could commend him as well! 
When you know love & you know light.. your energy is scary to this dark world.. stay open.. stay free.. keep FEELING.. the world never "taught" us this..  I've been feeling a big energy shift.. WORLD LOVE consciousness.. keep spreading love  I'm flowing with your stream 
I’m with you, Miss Jay. Much Love  and Be Well. 
Kanye could feel his relevance slipping away....so he pulled a trump and said something controversial.  Low and behold, you are on the news again.  Can't believe the media fell for this scheme.  Go away and stay away.
"Taxation without Participation"

As almost half of Americans don't pay any Federal tax, but vote on taxes. 

Basically, theft by mob.
More bullshit from the dangerously stupid @kanyewest
Know your history. Know your rights. Stop advocating bullshit on social media. Set the right example for your kids. Pay child support. Pay back that money you borrowed from him/her. Stop abusing drugs and alcohol. Stop whining and complaining about everything.
Happy you have all your Fans from after you married Kim... because your Fans from LONGGGGG AGO even before you wanted to be picasso (white) .. were done with you. Your not even a black man anymore. Thats what made you special.
WTF.
PR crisis management team?
I'm thinking Weezy is trying to reform Captain Planet.
I do like this because the best things happen when different voices are heard.

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
I believe about spiritual awakening. What you are doing, it is not spiritual awakening. You are lost, sacrificing other people lives trying to find yourself. That is not fair. Do not use others people light as if it was yours. Do not use other people darkness to light up yours.
Kanye is taking a big risk and catching a lot of hell for sparking dialogue. If you cannot see the bravery here then maybe you should have a good long look at the people who changed the course of history. Often they are maligned in their own time. And often they are persecuted.
I refuse to comment. As you said, Time will show you.
House looks like a pair of yeezy’s
I dont see anyone in there from the military, police or 1st responders

Why not?

Are we not 'beings'?
Because in the new world kanye envisions there will be no need for cops and military. They are basically state sanctioned murders.
That's a weird way of saying thank you, but you're welcome

State-sanctioned murders? Ohhhh...

Kind of like @PPFA
Abortion is the right of every woman. Then again I'm not deluded enough to think god exists.
It's an interesting how everybody who is pro-abortion has already been born?

Your name is help?

Do yourself a favor, go get some
You have disappointed so many of your people and ancestors. I guess you’re just another sad assimilated African in America.

Where's your homie @realDonaldTrump
Busy Making America Great Again.  Duh
Kanye...People understand only based on their level of consciousness. Do you your job, one day they will see what you’re seeing now. Respect&Love to you.
No one will half a mind will say, "Yes, I understand how slavery was a choice."
Stop reading the headlines, read Nieatzche.
Next week it will be reported that Kanye's home was robbed after posting this pic.
UM! Where are the representatives from the the Great generation, the baby boomers? And are these folks a representation of those who are in AWE of your supposed genius otherwise..not impressed.
“Beings.”

Whoa Kanye.

Maybe it’s not wise to inform humanity about that just yet.

In 1862, the Morrill Land Grant Act was established, and in 1867, the U.S. Federal Government began giving away tracts of land...

To *white* men. Black people could not participate in the free-land…
@kanyewest Please read this:
In the early 1900s, black people were barred from home loans, and business loans. Yet, despite being second class citizens, black soldiers like the Harlem Hellfighters (the 369th Infantry) fought valliantly on the front lines of WWI -- under the false promises of equality.
And, so were women.  Women, as a group, have been abused and discriminated against more than any other group in history.  It’s time to give up the outrage, accept our imperfect history and move on.
Life is a continual process of moving on, for everyone. 
But no, white women were rarely strung upside down and set on fire with their abdomens cut open, as in the incident related above. (For protesting the unlawful hanging of their husband).
Then you need to go back and study world history if you believe that.  I stand by my comment.  Dwelling in the past is not productive...mostly for the people who engage in it.
Agreed. Dwelling in the past is not productive but forgetting the past is dangerous....doing so for attention & spare change is disgusting.
I doubt anyone living today could ever forget considering the amount of time dwelling on it.  It’s likely that future generations will forget since all the reminders will have been removed.
Hilarious though...people say the millennials are short sited and not responsible. Its the 45-75 crowd we need to be nervous of. I do not even know what to call those people.
I don't think him and @KimKardashian  ARE GOING TO LAST!!
He’ll wind up with @RealCandaceO
He haven't been tight since he lost his mom. Kim need to  @KimKardashian
Or is Kim driving him crazy???
@KimKardashian  SHE IS THE FAMILY IS DRIVING HIM CRAZY OR ADDING ON!!
@TMZ  @TMZLive  I DONT SEE KIM AND KANYE MARRIAGE LASTING ANOTHER YEAR!

I just had to follow you to say how shameful you are. Come down to the jail I work in and say that trash you are spewing. As a mental health therapist, I will forgive you and say a prayer for you. Please, please get help asap.
People who overcompensate by saying they're so happy and full of love always have a deep darkness inside them. Your darkness is so obvious Kanye. You're not capable of bringing people together because you're not all together with yourself.
We all have darkness is us
Some choose to overcome
Some let the darkness swallow them whole
Not a deep darkness like Kanye has. Did you see his tmz interview? The man is deranged. He'll end up doing something crazy unless he gets proper help.
Congratulations, you have bought a narrative.
Your way of telling people who you disagree with you that they're buying a narrative is really strange. It doesn't help your cause at all and makes you look dumb, with nothing relevant to say.
I suppose time will tell. 
Who pays for ideas to be spread?
You're living in a bubble. Good luck getting out of it.
Who pays for ideas to be spread? Important question. Always follow the money.
what are the books ya'll been reading the past few years?
So much hate, lies and rumors against Pres Trump.
This room needs color you need David Bromstad; looks like a mental asylum  #IfSlaveryWasAChoice
Nothing but fucking nonsense talk
What are you trying to do Kanye ? Justify what you said ? Nah bro the internets not letting it go
LOLOLOL You say that as tho the internet is the end all know all of the world LOL Yet  youz are calling him the crazy one?  Speaks VOLUMES TO HIS & billions of others POINT!
Looks fun!
The sunken Place 
Is that @RealSophiaRobot ? WHOLE different backgrounds alright.
Let me in on this
Just shut up now. Thanks.

@bayliface @thestepchildx @didifeed @ninababezxo @SeraphKittyzL @mellyfeed @DavidDobrik how our company meeting is going to look like.
Lol you tagged @DavidDobrik i love him 
He’s the best vlogger, Omjuke we can watch his vlogs sooooon
Yessss but idk @JoeSantagato is a pretty amazing vlogger
.... imma go now
You are killing it, Kanye. 
That last sentence wasn't  necessary IMO
I thought that was @TheEllenShow on the right for a sec
Point  proven !!  This is Trumps base !! Be afraid !! Be very afraid !! @realDonaldTrump
LOLOL ONE THING NONE OF YOU can take away from either of them is, they're both geniuses lol Stick that in your pipe & shmoke et
I think Kanye West is influencing the world  with this whole freethinking talk.
minus the "thinking."
Please hire me
Thats J Cole right?
Thank you brother for speaking out
Hope this turns out to be a stock photo from a corporate retreat.
BUT IS IT GENUINE OR JUST AN ARTSY IMAGE?
It’s all about the real cause life of a process of feel

They seem really low on Dragon Energy.
Can't have too much of one kind of energy right? Got to diversify.
What a joke...so what that's like 7 of your 163 or whatever employees. Trying to dig yourself out that hole huh? Not working...u need to stop preaching about free thinking...u already put ur foot in your mouth. Its not even about politics or trump dude...
No followers...thats ok, great!!
Who me with no followers? I literally just joined Twitter last week cuz I was so disturbed about Kanye's bullshit...its ok..I don't need followers
So. Just a troll account then..
Fake energy meeting
Fake beings with all different fake backgrounds
Fake room fake table fake chairs
Fake conversations
Fake Kanye West

Truth
I thought that was Ellen my nigga 
Feel free to help me buy a camera here: https://paypal.me/pools/c/843rMZFmhK …
eye spy tremaine
Whole lotta self back padding
Like pillows tied on your back.... Or you mean "patting."
Get your head examined bro
Manic phase he is all over the place.. music, architecture, apparel, sneakers...i hope he has a good psych that recognizes his highs & lows....he is not stable
right? his wife his stupid, too. She's just perpetuating this instead of encouraging him to recognize what's really happening.
& in @cthagod interview he stated that he doesnt have a therapist, he said talking to different people about his thoughts is his therapy...WTF!? his ignorance is going to land him in-patient again...when someone is manic they spend $$$Like crazy & have flight of. Ideas...ect...
Yes! He's truly exhibiting textbook bipolar mania. And as a mental illness(depression and anxiety) sufferer myself, I'm not one to throw mental illness diagnosis around. Is it possible he's fine and just "free thinking" and enlightened? Sure. But I'm leaning the other way...
Bye
No wonder you believe in Trump if you believe in hokum like 'energy meetings.'

Must be nice having enough money to waste everyone's fucking time.
Ellen?
Hire me Ye? Gary Indiana/ Chicago native...

And you say forget about our fucking past. Okay, tell the Americans to forget about Civil War.
#FuckKayne #usefulidiot
Yeah... you need an emergency meeting. It doesn’t look good.
Sounds mighty authoritarian.
Dear Kanye with love any chance you could tweet #Qanon to help Americans and humanity with the #GreatAwakening
His house look dry af
I think you need to educate yourself Mr. West.  Sometimes ignorance can be dangerous, especially when you talk as much as you do.
You need a middle-aged, white, Jewish grandmother in the mix.

@therealroseanne
God you now sound like Trump

Black Mirror new season out now
Your attention seeking is eclipsed only by your ignorance. One love. 
Funny how many of you giving him attention are complaining he's getting it.
2 peas in a pod. North Korea can have both of them.

U have knarly dere and not Backwood u r jokes official
Your house is scary :(
Doesn’t take this many people to send me the link to buy these 700s fam

Can I come?
Is @RepMaxineWaters there?  She apparently needs to reprogram you...crazy Maxine.
How do I get invited to these meetings?  I too have Dragon Energy®
Same
#KeepyaHeadUp
Did you hire them off the plantation? Did you give them a choice?
Don’t see anyone with a physical disability. I can bring a different perspective.
Ha ha where is Kris Jenner lmao I know hiding her brand

Free energy?
#FreeEnergy
Why are so many people just waking up, do you not know how to live free or whatever you wanna call it live

He
Facebook/Collossal Collins is hosting a fundraiser for this drug A.C.M.F, a global trials for this A.C.M.F Antiretroviral Therapeutic Drug to be given out to all HIV/AIDS patients world wide
Facebook/Collossal Collins is hosting a fundraiser for this drug A.C.M.F, a global trials for this A.C.M.F Antiretroviral Therapeutic Drug to be given out to all HIV/AIDS patients world wide
Kanye I was just wondering if you are kissing trump’s ass because you’re hoping he will create a new agency and make you Secretary of Shitty Music? If that happens, can you set Ted Nugent straight. Thanks, and good luck!
Yoooo, is that Sophia the robot....
Any dragons?
“OK EVERYBODY NICE BIG FAKE SMILES”
Meanwhile the other one can’t be arsed
Kubrick be proud
don't speak for me. deal with the cribs
BOYCOTT YEEZY
You got a Samoan there ?
What the hell are you talking about???

as it suppose to be .. #wearewone
YOU SAID WHAT YOU SAID !

He’s had enough already
Someone’s off his meds...
Low blow Tim come on your wittier than that


Did that guy wake up yet?
Hahahaha, yes.
I'd love to be at that table.
Even the yard looks bookey 
 you are too silly
#DRAGONENERGY
I’m glad I could unfollow you big bro, it’s really hard but I get it that you got yourself into some white shit, I really hope we good in a few, you really hurt me too man

Thank God for you and energizing deep evotionary thought . We all need to evolve into one we are in this together . Love is god and god is love it is our only salvation . This is our truth . Please please please everyone never forget why we are here.
The  Kanye  followed  two more people. He now follows a whopping 3 people on twitter.
For a min I thought that was Ellen lol
THIS is what it's about! Not listening to the Hollywood hate mob. Keep doing your thing and unify the people @kanyewest. Those who are hating want to hate all along- no policy talk, no solution, just blind hate from blindly listening! Show em the LOVE 


Nat Turner got tired of being a slave

and he went from plantation to plantation taking off the heads of slave owners

When you actually listen at what Kanye West is saying

He saying that all slaves should have done like Nat Turner
Exactly! They just wanna be mad because if they admit that ANY part of what he's saying is right, it would mean THEY are RESPONSIBLE in part for their own situation and that's intolerable to them. But The Awakening is Happening regardless! #MAGA
Doesn’t the lack of decoration in your house make you sad? It’s almost like you just moved into a cave and put a table there.

one of the twins from Harry Potter ?
"energy meeting" that sounds rich asf
Your house looks like an insane asylum. Blank canvas =blank thoughts..
Looks strait out of a science fiction movie
Do u sleep ya weirdo
"There was an idea...
To bring together, a group of remarkable people...                       To see if we could become something more...
So when they needed us, we could fight the battles...
 That they never could."

You need me on your team Ye it’s time
Mostly Caucasians. But ok
Right on!
Do you mean PR team meeting, trying to fix the mess you're creating?
You need to make some choices.
I wanna join!!!!

I’m fucking dead lmao
