@Eveemitchelll
Why does Kanye literally sound like a normal human being , not saying he isn’t, but the way he tweets is like a normal human being, while most celebrities are promoting something they made or getting sponsored
Nvm now he’s really promoting his yeezy’s
He at Trump crib cutting the grass 
You mean weed?
now can I get back to my positive vibes 
why so many emojis
We all should be channeling our own ye confidence. Gotta speak to be heard and get what you want out of life.
@laurenemma__ didn’t know Vin has Twitter ?
I am seriously wasting my time reading this fucked up tweets... i need a beer.
YE HAD TO HIT THE BUTTON REAL QUICK 

you can say anything as long as you put the right emoji next to it.
I Love You Kanye keep speaking about free thought and conventional thinking I love it I'm tired of being ridiculed for having a thought that's not like everybody else's
Have you seen your therapist this week?
Talks more sense than you,  you muppet 
How much blow did you do today?!
LMFAOOOOOOOOO U DUMB BUT ITS OKAY BABY
You dont!
why u got so many emojis omg
Only 196 tweets & it seems its all going down today .... Twitter history in the making #kanye is waking up...
Uncle Tom when you going to drop some music ?
Mood
All geniuses are questioned at one point in their life,


Sometimes you gotta blow off some steam 
Ya boy tho....
1-800-950-NAMI (6264) ... just going to leave this here...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA r u ok babe im here for u
Nas won’t let the album come out.
 Your wife wants you to stay out of the sunken place. Haha 
Kanye may I get a ride in your Tesla please? I'll give you 5 stars
how's shania!
hearts http://www.therightangle.buzz 
now you can only reply if you sign a confidentially agreement...
Já tava na hora
There’s nothing positive about the vibes you generate lately.
Like we didnt have enough to deal with these days
You cray cray !!

You mean your drugs!!!
>me after reading this
What is wrong with him?!
@NPDMattPowell
dealing with donnie is not good vibe worthy
We all just practically saw your wife's coochie...
Break the chains Mr West! It’s a brave new world.
no more posts
Let our lord and savior speak!
you're following a false prophet
He’s the greatest.

There is a huge shift occurring in the US black entertainment community...@kanyewest ...your Superpower might well get rehabilitated...
Pinchi andy
Anybody else use to lowkey think that Kanye wouldn’t use emojis? No? I’m the only one?
The vibes is in the building!
you know what would bring more positive vibes? Bringing iCarly to Brazil
Sure
All positive vibes
I don't know, can you?
@RealMikeyTops did you take over Kanye’s account?
Trump is doing good job. He works hard for us. I m not Republican, don’t hate Obama, he is good man but He is not talented enough to make things happened, left a double amount of debt
@DrPoolevibes it’s a VIBE
Haha lmao 

⁣                  ⁣             
No



Back In The Day I Remember Walking Down The Street And Seeing A CD On The Ground That Someone Threw Out Their Window. It Was The College Dropout.
no better place to be 
U genius but u can’t pick an emoji other than flames and laughing cry faces... Kanye for 2024
lol
Your the Man .... Thanks
Follow @jayst0ne for PVs

oh yes!
How
Até parece gala seca
Just bought some 500's thank you for being great
@PaulaPosluszny me after breaking down xxx
Please
Stop

“The vibes is back brah”
Khanye, you okay??
5
I love it when troll nigga 
GO mediate in a closet
Disillusioned
That's always the question.  Can I dip myself in shit and still make it out clean?  When you master this, you have truly arrived as a master.



WHO IS THIS DUDE? HE GOT HELLA BARS  
“CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN???”
Don’t allow anyone to take that from you.... EVER!! 

Tweet wisdoms of @kanyewest 
#Kanye #KanyeWest #Kanye2024 #KanyeIsOverParty #Tesla #YEEZY #Billoreilly #AlexJones #AlexJonesShow #infowars #Stalinists #Vampire #trump …

Kanye keep being you mam. Don't let the left try think they can keep you in a box. You are free... Keep speaking freely. I support you 100%. You are the realest guy out there.

Are you ok Kayne? Seriously worried you've gone off your meds
You’re a clown. I lost all respect for you.
Send some of that positive vibes this way... And don't forget to also send a pair of Yeezy 700 
Noone i think is richer than @kanyewest i have my reasons tho!
Cuh
STOP PORFAVOR
RIDICULO
JAJJAJAJAJJAJAJA
@hack_fish #PositiveVibes
I love you dad
@kanyewest
Can you just hire me and make my whole life awesome 

Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 
You're a mood I swear....gemini gang for life!!!!
Are you okay
You're actually mental.


Raise the vibe tribe! RT @kanyewest
fishsticks.

$100 $VIBE confirmed 
Lol
Ayo you been hanging w Uzi too much, using all these got damn emojis
 WE LOVE YALLLLL I LOVVVEEE ALLLLLL..... WE DID IT... HUMAN WAY -OY3AH! YE YOU HIRING
u can 
Life is frequency, we are connected
Raise level of frequency in the 3rd eye
Structure of matter becomes more complex
https://twitter.com/Hwt123/status/931891954333265920 …

Frequency of life is OM
https://youtu.be/wRGJbk4XpYs  

Frequency of love is Red, in C at 528 Hz All we need is love
https://vimeo.com/68110751 
@laibanese LFMDKDKKDKSKS US
Why you asking us?
I wonder if you read your reply’s? Your doing great, keep it up
same
Tell your wife to stop posting her naked pictures online FAM..  Its not in the black culture for our wives to expose their body publicly...
FAKE SCHILL..

COME ONNNN..

HE MARRIED A KARDASHIAN...

YOU BELIEVE THIS CRAP??
CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN?
Wi m'a Bell
You should join the klan with Tomi Lahren


Great work


haha  kanyewestmore like kanye est
This is so sad can I get 14 billion dollars
The Greeks had Aristotle!

Athens had Pluto!

France had Descartes!

The Chinese had Confucius!

Christianity had Thomas Aquinas

The Jews had Moses!

The Germans had Nietzsche!

2018: America had Kanye West ? 

God help us!
STOP THIS
 classic #geminishit

You hiring for Yeezy? Still trying to find a job
SO FUCKING LIT 
IMAGINE IF THIS WAS AN ACT & THE ALBUM JUST HAPPENS TO BE GO HARD AF
THE WHOLE FUCKEN ALBUM ON SOME RAGE SHIT
The emoji man is crying because he is on fire
Yessss 
Vai @Corinthians !!!
Ye!!
Us haha @zoegilbert_xx
Haha yes 
My phone was crashing so much tonight heck 
@adiaryofachik
#ysnd
Well myG since you on here , next model you need in one of ya clothing shows , lemme get in yea ?
I guess it almost 8 am. Gotta take your meds now huh?

222
Don't let them tell you nothin man in yeezy we trust please keep doing exactly what you're doing
KOCKY KANYE BACK 
Let’s take dabs bruh
I was freaking out thinking "the rants were long overdue, they'll probably take his phone again" keep them positive vibes coming 

GOD
Me after people have been testing my patience all day
As long as you work it Right ®
ALL VIBES!!!
Positive vibes like loving Trump, Bruder?
Let’s go!!
