sending nudes to everyone who likes this tweet

damn. kanye really blocked me :(
good
Wow this lowkey flames Kanye release this
Somebody's salty that Kanye thinks for himself and has facts behind him instead of beliefs without evidence, aka brainwashing.
Exactly. I can guarantee 100% without a donut I can ask anyone in these replies how trump is racist and they won't be able to reply other than "he hates all Mexicans" and when they say that I'll be glad to argue against that
Yup. So easy to debunk each and every claim of Trump being racist. He never even said any of the things they say he did. They just parrot CNN like drones.
I used to be one of those kids a year ago. I would allways tell my mom f Donald Trump he's racist. And she asked me one day "how is he racist?" And I got all embarrassed cause I had litterly no idea, I was just going along with what everyone was saying.
And then I looked up and found our he wants to build a wall to #1 stop illegals from comming 
#2 eliminate the million and millions of tax dollars it's costs for illegal immigration.
Yeah and the lesser known reason, but a major one, is trafficking of drugs, guns and humans.

sending nudes to everyone who likes this tweet..
MAGA
Fuck off bitchass
Like this for free v-bucks
@chore
Come again
free vbucks vro
I know lift yourself isnt a troll? Idk why ppl sayin troll u can do whatever u want creatively and its abt innovation and actually making these things okay in order to solidfy them and allow others to partake
He is trolling. It's pretty obvious if you really listen. Still catchie though. 
If its catchy is it trolling? Thats the question at face
I feel like you’re a troll, so this might be trollception
Im not trolling. The real deal.
It can be both. Kanye announced Lift Yourself to be directed towards Ebro, someone who's been really railing and dissing on Ye. So imagine Ebro getting ready for this tasty juicy diss, when all he gets is SCOOPITY POOP. That aside, it's also an incredible and well produced track!
Big Shaq: "The Ting Goes Skrrrrrrrrrah Pap Pap Pap Kak Kak Kak"

Crowd: "FIRE!!!!!!"

Future: "Ladi Dadi Da! Shlob on me knob"

Crowd: "FIRE!!!!!!"

Kanye: "Hold my beer"

#LiftYourself #Ebro
You had a chance to say "Hold My Liquor" but you missed it
ur circle mad rapey these days, bud
They verify anybody nowadays
True
Dear Kanye. So WTF have you ever done for the people of Chicago? You cant even speak comprehensive sentences and you want to judge one of the greatest presidents of our time?
nah you don't get it... it's NOT the presidents responsibility to help ONE state/city that's on local government.
Not about politics? This anxiety ridden, socially inept freak announced his support for the most racist president in US history then bashes Obama for not helping people  Kanye doesnt know shit about conservative policies, He's just throwing brown ppl under a bus to sell a record.
That moment when Mr. Krabs request some Kanye.

SCOOPIDEEPOOP!!!!!!!!!
SCOOPITY POOP SCOOP
Jesus Walks Freestyle 
why are you wearing sunglasses while staring at a screen
I was just about to comment saying next time take off the shades. Might make him look less of a douche
Tell him the lunch break is over. Two dozen falafel plz.
This didn’t even make sense 



Hey man you need to get your potato camera checked out. I think it has 80s glaucoma.
My 4 year old Nephew is feeling it  #Kanye #LiftYourself
You cant deny. The beat slaps

Class is in session:
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
Yall listen and retweet after.@sarkodie you wont be disappointed
Sending nudes to everyone who likes this tweet
Poopity Poop
@worldstar @kanyewest
underrated
thank you
I still respect you for this Kanye! 

You're an icon, a legend... A MUSICAL GENIUS! I won't die until Kanye West produces my 1st debut song! Bet!
Lift yourself type beat 
Drake - Nice For What REMIX  
https://instagram.com/p/BiGvG9MnW7X/ 

Sending poopity scoops to everyone who likes these boopity poops
lift yourself is 




Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
-
Goat, #LiftYourself come to Birmingham for a concert! 
#protectkanye
@ChiefCleve I found it
U a real one

@turkey_bn_fahad ? @joeywatha
hahahhaa
Hahahaha


Via: https://www.instagram.com/p/BiH2MqNAub3/ 
Eminem it out of touch. He started being a follower too. He used to wrap about men hitting their 40s and being too old and he was talking about himself in the future.
Eminem is in it for the money. Dude has a drug addiction that he needs to keep in check too. People will no doubt call Kanye crazy and whatever but we're all just trying to get by. 

Scoop di de doop.
Oh yeah he’s got money goggles on for sure. Kanye has always been crazy but has he used his craziness for good instead of evil? Looks like it
Damn the beat fire
@versacian @nehalal_ree wyd
i
@naomi_joseph56 what’s happened to your boy
Leave him alone

Should wear that when u go see trump
Lmao . No interest in seeing that orange . All the talk he’s doing, I bet you he’ll have a lot if respect if I do though. That money life.
just say no should've been part of his campaign. I mean I know ppl can't take a person who is mentally stable with b!tch tendencies serious. He talk with feeling most artist do they the tocuhey feely type. Not logically thougt thru. That's what happens when u raise around women.
He will talk all that emotional stuff bn a few weeks he be apologize for it or like most females go double down on it. It's just the America male be pussiefied
It’s just the beginning 
lol it's all good I don't see it getting better for this country lol
It’s been a wrap... we’re only now noticing it 
Lol "what would kayne do?"

"Donald Trump is your
president get use to it"

@realDonaldTrump …
S/O Bari
...you better have some real verses on this beat...

Scoop da poop!
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo visits Saudi Arabia today after his successful secret trip to North Korea which secured peace talks. Kanye posts this video. Coincidence? 
HELL YEAH YE VISION GOT BOSSMAN BARI BACK ON TOP


Unofficial music video for @kanyewest's new song "Lift Yourself" Enjoy!  
Make this into an actual song
He did it’s called “lift yourself”
I already listened I mean an actual song with real lyrics
SCOOP DE WHOOP
Wyd on my tl  @Eddiepowerss
LMAO like dat..

I liftd my self up with lift yourself @kanyewest stop acting like yall aint kno wat im talm bout (me and ye)

Me: "...Wait 4 it. WAIT. HERE IT COMES!"

Kanye: "WHOOP!!"

Me:
YOUNG LORD
Is that a 7ata
Allright everyone who thinks trump racist aka pretty much every. Hit up my dm's and quote me anything trump has said that proves he hates all Mexicans, I'll be here waiting
im obsessed with this sample
Trump doesn't approve

Kanye: Poopydi scoop
Scoop diddywhoop
Whoopdi scoopdi poop                                             Kanye dickriders:
bari wildin
Live footage of @hira_  enjoying kanyes latest @MystBeatz
absolutely
Lift myself like this? I'm going to have to decline, thanks.
hey, please add alt text to your images next time
Now that’s an Arab Spring.
@nadasali89_
..tf
Same
@Kateeroberts96 why is this you
nah this ain't it Ye
@HishamAkeel
This is insane.
Bro, stop tweeting...
ايه الشقاوة دي كلها ينجم النجوم بس
السامبلينج جامد نيك تبه
2020 election 
He’s not running in 2020. He doesn’t want to run against trump so Kanye is running in 2024

Those bars tho
@wildfirehearts
car gonna blow up from how lit the song is
is this real life dude im fucking barely holding back tears im laughing so hard
I love you, Kanye.
Me
is this bari
BARI
#WWEGRR looking wild
you better use that sample in an actual song bc that shit goes crazy
Toast to the god
come to brazil
What’s not to understand?
"you want to go for food?"
Ah I'm sorry I couldn't betray deej like that

 SMOKE  Good weed . Prompt deliveries. Get plugged in today +1 970-315-9845 
http://www.cannabis-4all.com/drugs/blackberry-kush/ …
What is this who is that
@caragillxo idk why this reminded me of u in the front of my car off the seat haha
SCOOP DE WOOP DE POOP
Wtf is this
Damn!
Racist
Why are you dressed like the Saudi’s?
@PerezHilton stop retweeting him! I unfollowed him a few days ago b4 he went cray cray. He posts way too much. Like hello, enjoy your rich life. Stay off your phone. He should be playing with his wife’s t/tties
Lift these views up @lilroachtrapper
cc: .@SpencerCooley
Who tf
RtPlantation owners- democrats
Slave owners..........democrats
KKK ....................... democrats
Jim Crow Laws.......democrats 
Fought Civil Rights.democrats
Bribed blacks with welfare...........................democrats
Criticize blacks if they leave the plantation-democrats
We love  u here, this might be misunderstood
POOPITY SCOOP

@caragillxo idk why this reminded me of u in the front of my car off the seat haha
AsAp bAri is the goAt lmAo
DJ Khaled before becoming westernized lol
I’m confused
You look smashing 
You've become inspirational shitposting
scoopity poop
Dope new track Bro, love it. Loved your first four albums but the last ones I wasn’t a fan of. This is old yeah, dopeeeee.. straight 

Kanye needs the psychiatrist he’s lost the plot too much hanging out of Kim ffs 
Thank you kanye. Thank you for making this music. It made me come to a realization that we are all on 2 sides of the same coin.
@DlOR24 I have no idea why you was the first person to spring to mind while watching this hahahaha
Can you please fix the water in the Flint, Michigan? You can afford it. You wanna spread love. You want people to unite. You’re also rich beyond anything and can fix the fucking water crisis
@VTSTSRK @CRIMEWAVEXXX
Follow my soundcloud . Keilolotharapper
SCOOPDITTY WOOP WOOPDITTY SCOOP WOOPDITTY SCOOP POOP POOP SCOOP WOOPDITTY WOOP
Listening to that real shit

"Make America Great Again had a negative reception. I took it, wore it, rocked it gave it a new direction. Added empathy, care and love and affection, and y'all simply questionin' my methods.”  — Kanye

Not true. We question your sanity.
who da young lord ASAP bari he legit!
add an actual verse to this please
sending nudes to everyone who likes this tweet

Listen to Eujeezy GOAT || All That *Freestyle* by Eujeezy GOAT #np on #SoundCloud
@louiemartinnnn
The Art of Living
Lift Yourself feat. Rick Ross?
I can almost hear Unchained Melody in the background...
I send nude of kimkardachi

If u RT
FAIL!!!!
Why the hell u posting Bari 
*yoursel
I just dropped my ep all over Kanye Beats Type
•2010 Ep• Out Now!!
I know nobody wants to hear @kanyewest rn but, I've been working really hard on this. 
.…

@neproxin

It really seems like someone is enjoying their life lately!! Good for you!!
وش وضع الغتره 
Eskkeeetit

the official music video
I don't get it
If he tweets a Pepe we are all doomed
Put the money that goes into war and weaponry into healthcare and inner cities please. It will be a win-win situation.
BILL COSBY INNOCENT!!!
Naşıyosun amınoli

Lift Yourself is the Sound Of The Summer
Kanye all the way 
You too
LIFT YOURSELF TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
ASAP Bari too lit with this haha
Shits a banger idc
Bring the track our wirh trav and uzi
Wavy

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
WOOPITY SCOOPTY POOP
Fuck me daddy
*record scratch
Just gave me an idea
okay
okay
okay
okay
okay
okay
beggars cant be choosers bitch this aint chiPOTLE
@RemyTodd this is gonna be me
Like I always say...."whoopity-scoop poop"

#ReTweet:  if you want
@realDonaldTrump to keep
bypassing the #FakeNews &
talking to us directly through…
MAKE THE CALL TO THAT "PLASTIC SURGEON". SAY GOODBYE + NEVER LOOK AT HIS PIC AGAIN. YOUR ALBUM COVER ART SHOULD BE NORTH SAINT + CHICAGO WEST. YOUR MAMA'S GRANDBABIES
Kanye's single dropped yesterday. Regular Kanye but near the end, 30 seconds out, he serves up these "lyrics" (I'm using "lyrics" loosely here)...."scooppidy, scooppidy woop, poopiddy scoop, poop, woopipidy woop, poopiddy scoop."
We apologize to girlfriends worldwide.. if your bf doesn’t text back now you know why 

40% Off + Free Shipping !! 

For the ultimate game experience only @ http://techctrl.co/products/zoom- …
Phuckn Kenya! I love you so much..i was never a fan before last week of you or Kim but I am your biggest fans now. I love how you don't give a f what others think and say. You are total gems. 
God loves the West family. ⚘
@VooDooRouX
When you eat bacon for the first time. 

Response
oh no baby what is you doin
coulda been dope if u actually said something worthy of ur past
follow my twitch
@RickksTheShiT this about to be me come June
Please don't bore us, we are mourning msunu
Awulawuleki kanjani 
Uyasiqhela lo
@Jliba1997
omg im dead
Litters it’s you looool
Anyone got the song name?
Lift Yourself he released on Twitter yesterday
thanks! its fuego. Appreciate it homie
When I tried playing this, I got
Which is odd because I am in Delaware and my location is on.
i love how people mock your verse on this...i took it as an artistic opinion/diss on modern hip-hop/mumble rap....most arent saying anything but nonsense...
Scoop scoopity woop woop wooppity poop
Ye doesn’t give a shiiiiiiiit
I get it and I’m still a fan

Lift with your legs, though. Especially if you have a bad back. Improper lifting is one of the leading causes of back injury. 
#PSA
Lollll  Poopy-di scoop
LOL!
I thought that was schoolboy for a sec. 
POOPITY SCOOP WOOPITY WOOP
Love you and love the love you’re spreading #NeverBeAfraidToBeU
Ya$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Good one
