
Si http://ok.ma  adesso calmati e metti giù il telefono  che hai rotto il cazzo
You can send me a pair if you like. I promise to include them in my rotation at least once a week.
There's meant to be an apostrophe after the "s" on "Adidas"
who wouldn’t take 2000$ for used turtle doves ? You could take that money and buy a brand new pair for less than that
Congrats
#yeezyaintabrand
When are you gonna stop praising yourself
Did @adidasUS make the Yeezy sneaker in the USA?
Ever will a pair of sneakers that’s that expensive, shoot I’m tryanna buy me a house
Does your President wear them?
Well... all  that can change drastically with all this bs you talking WTF is wrong with you be quiet.
Fotsek staela se
That’s an ugly shoe
  bring the 750's back  
Gross
Damn I really liked them. Wasnt going to pass on $1000 profit tho
Yet I still cant get a pair.
anyone can get any pair at any moment on stock x
Got em 

ur LIFEstyle is downhill....money controls u....it's used as a weapon against Humanity. we all LUV worthless paper/IOUs. stay with gold/AU.
VERY VERY UGLY!!
Bring back og 750
Those are dad shoes broh.
More than the Stan Smith was?

Please let the 750 come back
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Garbage
burn your yeezy 700 shoe...all your stuff looks ripped and stupid!  fashion show for crap clothing!  you are SOOOO not a fashion designer.
my favorite shoe in about 10 years... the last shoe in loved this much was the blinks then the jaspers now the wave runners
750s were the best though 
750’s are way better
Wish I could get some 
I’m just tryna cop some 350s or 750s, pops, but I’m a broke boy
. Shout out to the creatives establishing a brand without having a “name.” You act like you created this brand.  We all heard of this. Baby Phat, Rocawear. We know how that shit goes 
Because you made 10 at first
savage
Could you make more yeezy 750's please?? Thanks
This would make my Friday! 
Can you send me a pair Kanye?
may I have a pair please? I’m poor.
will you ever release yeezys in preschool sizes? 11-3y? I NEED!!!!!!
700 Nah, come back 750 , Yeezy 750 were your best creation.
A restock of any color 750’s and the beluga v2 (1st pair)
Can we get a all red 750 and 350 
It can be a pack for all i care! 350 and 750’s are amazing! @kanyewest
It’s heat
Maybe you should sell a cheaper line at Target! Bc even if I had more money you would not catch my in Yeezys. Your clothes are too high priced as well. No wonder you love Trump, you are a billionaire. Lawl. P.s. Also, are they vegan?! #middleclass #lowerclass
not for me im a average dude im not paying all that for sneakers your fucking it up for regular people,people that listen to your music
I know that's all my daugher asks for! Make em more affordable for us regular folk and I'll buy them all!  #moveinlove
I want a pair YE
cause them hoes cold af i still need em
If only I could afford a pair for my son though, 2 years in a row straight he’s requested any yeezys for his bday & Christmas... how about making some affordable ones for us please?  @kanyewest @KimKardashian
Request they stop producing this flaccid sneaker.
Let me get uhhhhhhhh Yeezy 700 size 12
Garbage shoe
Even more so now since you really said you support our President.  Looks like my 13 year old needs some new shoes soon.
Que vergüenza que @adidas siga haciendo colaboración con este tipo 
AJ1 x off white...... 
because they fiya
Please restock omg 
Horrible shoes tbh
Yeah if you in LA I can come pick it up today! Wya?
It's true.  The 700s are one of the best yeezys of all time.  They aren't better than the Air Yeezys or some V2's but they are def in the top 3.  700s > 750s
You’re crazy 750> 700
ANOTHER RERELEASE PLEEZY
As well as the hardest to get! Hook a homie up!
Jordan brand should have hired you when they had the chance. You made them hot. How did they not see this? 

Look at them now that you stopped consigning them. Classic color ways are in the bargain bin, I got a pair of royal 3s a year after they were released for 89.99 at champs
Can I get a pair?
Send Me The Lace Up Women's Boots From Season 2 Please
@adidas @adidasoriginals @kanyewest @wex1200 @twojskicks @OhItsTeddy @BoostGoddess @VivianFrank I see why 
Omg I need them 
flop
I love you Kanye  more than old Kanye loves new Kanye but maybe not as much as new Kanye loves new Kanye
Bring back Nike yeezy 2 solar red please !
They all ugly
ima let you finish but keds made one of the greatest shoe of all time
WE REVIEWED THE YEEZY 700 @shootyourshottv
But. It's. Adidas. #Nike
I buy my kicks at wall mart... for 5 bucks...
Speaking of YEEZY’S why are they so HIGH when you know DAMN WELL folks in the hood will support & buy ! #I’llwait
Can you drop some more 750
I really want a pair :(
Can you release more, in terms of quantity?
Send me a pair dad
Eh nshalla alf mabrok
Wish I could afford them :(
I love them 
SO PLEASE MAKE MORE
Yeah, I've had enough of you Kanye. Peace, love, best wishes.
Your new marketing move is brilliant.
I prefer the nmd though
Why lie ?
Yes so please I need it easier to get some 750s pllllleaaase Size 4 in kids
You did something for humanity, congratulations.
Hahahahahhaha
I love him but he’s making it very hard for me right now lol
I disowned him a long time ago. Used to love his first album
Stop lying cuz everybody in middle school owned at least one pair of these adidas shell toes, boys & girls, every shade of the rainbow
What about human races? Some are going for 10k resale. Only yeezy at that price is the nike one 
That’s because their shoes suck
2
@kanyewest  can you please bring your line here in chicago more everytime i want to get a pair they sell out and everyone resells them for double the price. It would be real dope it you opened up a yeezy store here in chicago #family
Is that you in the profile pic?
EWINGS!
Send me a pair size 10 big bro
I bet my ass you are a flat earther... its the only way to explain how insane you are... good grief...
Currently on sale in the @TheRealKreepy Gift Shop @HotelScallywag
Too bad I’ve taken L’s on every release day...
Y’all really think this is true...........

750
Aright but I wanted the 950 boots in tan but ye don’t make a size 6-7
We need better craftsmanship on these tho
Ye can I have one bro
And i love mines
stating facts.. go see for yourself.
THAT SHOE SUCKS THOUGH YE
you've got to be trolling like trump do... cause they don't even have your shoes on the home page of the http://adidas.com  website. I would start there first before claiming most requested. Ultra Boost is what trending.
Send me some
750 !
WELL DUH

Snapchat,Instagram she stalking me, she be lurking my Twitter’ She be stalking me!!!!!! 
By who?!
Bruhh , 750’s Ye
LOL. No it's not.
Because you are god
700 worldwide plz 
I can get a free pair of yeezys for my girls son?
When will it release in Europe?
bring back the 950
750’s bruh
Bet they ugly and overpriced as every other shoe
kanye lemme get a follow back and i’ll buy 1,000 pairs of yeezy’s

Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 
We need 750 back
will u send money to my paypal like about £300-£400 because me and north share the same bday & i wanna meet halsey
Selling blush 8.5 ds for $280 shipped in us
It's all about money!
It ain’t Ralph tho.
@JamieVernon you have a lot to answer for
I need a pair
750
I had to do it
I need a pair
I like the 750s more
Yea I need a size 10
No, we want the 750 back!!
 but what about 750s!
But the Samba’s are their most worn. #classic
Ye Sir!
I’m missin’ the 750’s
So when is the UK/EU release? We want pairs too!!
This 
Where the 750 at though
Doubt it
best ones out
Um yes pls I want a pair
nak satu
but can I just have a pair of turtle doves
I’m still trying to get the Yeezy 350
can i get a pair
We want these
The 750s and 950s are the best yeezys facts
Hmu sizes 9 & 9.5 for sale
Need pls. Help a peasant!
I’ll take the 350’s
750's still have the cleanest silhouette. New color ways needed asap
Man that’s why I haven’t received mine. WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO SHIP THEN KANYE I NEED THEM
Just got mine, I'ma bust'em out when I hit Florence in June....owwww!!!!
NOPE, 750’s!!!!!!

700 boost Yeezy's my favorite 
Need more 750's
They fucking state of them.. they're like a pair of hi techs your Ma came home from Shoe Zone with! #ImNotWearingThemMa
But I need the 750s bro!!
750 please
You should be selling a lot more these days. Your new conservative fans love you- preparing for MAGA hats and the Yeezy 700s as the new style. 
Man I just like the og stuff lol
Send me a pair jerk!
Well make more of them then, damn
Oh
By who??
Id take 750 over 700 anyday #hype 700 they're whack but shoes always a matter of opinion thats what fashion is. yeezy 2s my favorite 
We need more 700 and 750
Facts
We need the 750’s ye man chocolate black where they at?

#Dieyoung is out now by @NA_4KURBZ 
Actually I requested more 750s but 700s are great too!
Ye we need more 750s tho , release the OG one!
no 750 v2
Climacool yeezy
Let’s get a Canadian release of the 700s 
