some of these are great
You ate now a Communitarian Cosmopolitan
Mucho Kanye West ahora no ?
Es un filosofo de nuestra era
Tu eres una filósofa de nuestra era.

I think maybe @corbinlamont said this first
@charlhughes_x YET TRUMP FUCKIN BOMBS SYRIA WHA IS GA’AN ON MATE. not cool to bomb ya fam rlly 
Fuckkin Fuuuumin. Not cool not cool
Right on!!!
That's exactly what's Trump denies. Among other things.
Trump is a nationalist more than he's anything else. I'm not crazy about Trump. I won't defend him. But Kanye has earned the right to have his own opinion.
And that's what I'm pointing out. Trump doesn't think the world is his family. So clearly Kanye is not supporting someone with the same view. This is not coherent even he has the right to say it.
How would you know what Trump thinks? U obviously don't live in his mind. Let's slow down with the hate/negativity
From the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh. Trump has said and done enough to prove that he don't believe in the concept of a world family. And disagreeing is not hate two totally different things here my friend.
Yet he ended a war....
 Which war?
Who are you
The world is yours
The human race.
But you support an oppressor like Trump, dig deeper

Too legit, great @realDonaldTrump
Perhaps you can convince your dragon brother that we should rejoin every single other country in the Paris Climate Agreement then. 
Cause the  is dying, hombre.
Because there was any accountability with being a member of the Paris agreement? Yet we’re still improving on green sources and clean air innovations.
because that’s not how FAMILY rolls, hermano.

for someone on a platform that proves “impact” is about messaging and influence, you seem to be missing the main point.
I don't need you
America first.
Celebrities have power of influence. Use it wisely. Trump or not MAGA.
So true. Im so confused though. How can you feel this way and also reconcile that Trump is your brother? He has proven himself to be a divisive, discriminating, sheltered, racist. Those are facts. Ya know what I’m sayin? Confused here man.
Watch real news if you think that. Not true at all!
So I’m fucking my sister???
Make America Great Again
Freedom of thought.
Freedom of expression.
Freedom from the left.

Liberals have put people in mental prisons for too long.
People are tired of being told what to say, believe, and think.

Extended-
Last time I checked MAGA wanted to build a wall to keep lots of family out....
Supposedly. We are in a sense brothers and sisters linked through the connection of humanity.
some of it is..
The world trembles in terror due to miracles, signs and wonders.
The world wants to own Yeezy Kanye.

Let’s tokenize it and empower the world together.
Make the World Great, Again!

So help the world bringing iCarly to Brazil!
Just got my Pirate Black 350s in the mail. Rate my fit Yeezy!

Why is trump building a wall to separate us from each other, or deporting his fam
This I agree with, sadly your friend the President does not.



Really, can you let Kim have a dinner with us (family =
Yo cuz @kanyewest I need a spot on the Yeezy team

And bitcoin is our currency
Ye Uncle you finally realised send some pair of yeezys
You tell 'em, Ye...#YeConvo
How many kids u have ?
Oh great. Could you lend this "sister" a few bucks? Thanks.

I mean it would be with stricter gun laws and people not worrying about being deported and people not worrying that another war is gonna break out
Kanye: “The World is our family”
Me:
Except drumpf wants to shut out the world. Attempts #muslimban, ends #daca, bans trans soldiers, calls racists w tiki torches "fine people," appoints Carson as HUD director who wants to 3x rent in public housing. All of these policies directly impact POC. Not to mention birthism
Not for Trumpf sweaty
pretty damn sure thats not how trump is thinking
Trump doesn’t feel that way though
lol apparently u don't think that

#Truth
Yet you call a man who puts up borders to the world your brother. This is why I can't handle your pseudo-intellectualism anymore. Get back on your lexapro
Do you know now demonic the left can be?
Trump don’t feel this way
Mind lending 10k to your cousin? 
Please no.
@kanyewest yet your buddy in DC is throwing thousands in detention centers rife with abuse and rape. #newslaves
Now there's an anti-Trump thought
really?why ur brother trump wants to build a wall?
What of nativism and populism?
But Trump specifically is your brother. 
Are you god?

Indeed! The world needs the antithesis of the Donald. 
#PeopleOverProfits
So support a man who is systematically destroying Earth and is firmly against globalization... got it
Pipe doon
Ya bi siktir git
U r our world, though we're just ur fans.

Excuse me @kanyewest , hello... @kanyewest .... seems you've dropped this . #MAGA #WOKE  @ALLVETSADVOCATE @POTUS @endtimepatriot #spillingthetruth https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989272340432240641 …

Uncle Tomye West 
If the world is you family going to give me a million pound cash?
@kanyewest is Ernesto De La Cruz from @pixarcoco...

Can’t Tell Me Nothing.
(Minus the whole music stealing & murderous stuff)
*es mi familia
Don’t reply to Donald Trump supporters
@AncestorProject check it out really powerful
kes lan fetöcü!!

Ya párale cabron.
haahahaha como me hizo reír esto! 
Jaja alguien se lo tenía que decir. 

you're stupid
Is it ?? If so trump is not a part of it sorry bye
Money is your family
Tell that to Trump.
We want it to be
This from a man whom along and with his wife and her family live in multi million dollar gated communities, locked away from the world and who literally follows 1 person on Twitter #worldwidefamilymyass
We live in an Oasis in the desert that is space... Even so, sometimes you want to get off planet for a while...
No, it's not YOUR family. You support White Nationalism.
Do tell us what you’ve done to make the world a better place. I’ll grab my coffee.
Amen! If we treat each other with respect and love like the good book says then the world would be a better place. I mean if you look into the beginning we were once all one race. After we arrogantly built the tower of Babylon, He seperated us and gave us other tongues.
Apparently this tweet was illegal? I got blocked for a minute and told not to break rules. 
Your family is prostitutes and tranny’s
Yes it is!

I love it,  you are such an inspiration.
Brother Kanye I deserve some accolades nicca!
You don't believe that crap. You have eternal disdain. Angriest dude alive.
E o nosso único patrimônio. O resto é besteira.
So... Uncle Kanye, can I have a million dollars. You know, since we're family and family looks after each other
Congratulations on contradicting yourself
That is true. All we need is to clear the geed and all kinds of segregation.
So can you spare your sister a couple of mils?$$$ 
ohh yeah... Like this guy... He’s the real father of Your child, not You!!!
First you say that the rest of the world is taking advantage of the US and now the world is our family? Family treat each other differently. Nobody has the same family as you.
And @kanyewest is our #daddy
KANYE WEST this music is going to changes life's
I guess whatever u say
Dude ,were u stoned when u wrote this  tweet ?
But you that side of family nobody fw
This is your world?
The earth is our life giver, no more polution of the lands. Kanye come on man lets clean up this world. Do you want to make money or do you want to change the world?
our planet “Mother” Earth . 
BITCOIN
1love
K, I have no idea what songs you have, but saw you on the news for supporting our pres. Im rebublican, but support my pres no matter whether he/she is a dem or reb. I respect you for stepping out.
#googled your best songs and downloading now!
Hope they are good!
Girl what
Yep..we are the world.....where did I hear that? 
So cool of you K. I’m independent, but dude you hit it on the head OMG!!  I really appreciate you’re insight.   B.W., MD.
Beautiful!! Be you...
So why not live peacefully with all nations?Maybe because some nations always want to take over other countries, like,Iran saying, death to Israel and America
Yes it is, and I love that you are putting this out!  I wish I could have a platform that can bring people together like you can.  It is a HUGE responsibility you are taking on, but Love and God are always worth it!!
Suddenly I live on mars

If only we can all get along... 
Beautiful!
Feelings matter
No, Kanye. The world is not only one person is our family and that’s our Heavenly Father
Yo fam lemme hold $10,000
Give it a break

Yes it is! With all the variations applicable!!
The world is not ours. Its from god / allah and for all his creations...
The world is your family but you only follow Kim hmmmmmmmmmm sounds fishy KAHN
Too bad it's a dysfunctional family.  The world needs #Jesus #GodsWillBeDone
The world is our enemy
It’s a sad state of affairs — especially since this bullying happens in an industry that is supposed to be based around empathy and diversity of thought. Stand Strong!
We are one made by the creator.  However there is a dark side. Beware.
Well said Kanye! #RedPilled  #MTWGA
Um. No.
Did you just discover the old Coca Cola ad from the 70’s? You are not who you think you are.
yes and sometimes you give family TOUGH LOVE

The 125 crore people of India are my family: PM @narendramodi
Then lend me $1,000 and it'll be okay when I don't pay it back
It's so hard for me to talk shit or meme you when you talk like you want the world to prosper!
Given the media! It's hard to believe anything! I just need direction!
Right but keep Theo borders. Not all family is welcome thanks.
But yet people don’t seem to realise
When was the last time you drove down Wilshire or Hollywood or Melrose east of Fairfax and hung out with these families living on the streets?  they’re not just living on skid row anymore. poverty:  it’s the new kind of sprawl. check it out. then get back to us with the empathy
Tell that to your boy Trump.
I dont know what that means Kanye....but stick to your guns....dont back track. . .hang in there and be tough... .
AMEN BABY ....I LOVE THOS UPGRADE OF HEART AND MIND SOUL ...THE EGO IS THE DEVIL
MAGA @kanyewest 
Then why don’t you call out tyranny and use your platform to expose the corruption in our world instead of praising it you washed up pop star.
Ain't that the truth. We are all human beings and that's all that should matter.
Can I borrow some money then?!?!
Kanye you are everyone and everyone is you.
@STampushi Cole warned us 'bout these folks
@STampushi why you still following Kanye 
And every family needs a mother like England and a father like America.
Donald Trump's whole motto is "MAGA" and "America First". He is very anti the world.
You are on fire! 
Not a perfect family((
Shit, Christmas is gonna be expensive this year.
Isn't that the truth
Tell that to 45 cuz he got elected based off of keeping the world out!
You ain’t gon have family after your president bombs everyone
go to Iran Yemen Mali Nigeria Syria and say that to their faces
But yet we don’t act like a family
No its not Kanye, your family is your blood silly
Tell it to your tangerine Manchild.
Your a wise man
 keep smoking that shit, you voted for IQ45.
Straight quoting @pixarcoco! I love it.
People dont get that.
This is the best statement I have geard in a long time! Amen to that
