I need this room!
Crop ya damn photos

You got your sippy cup ?

This how l see y’all, scripted as hell..
I see you as this killers, slavers & haters.
The 1800’s vs Now

And still going strong! Hail Trump!
Trillion dollar set up right there
Are you going to be on Project Runway?
Ahh, Yes. All the makings of a cult. And his very own sweat shop! 
And @Kanyewest makes fun of monolithic thinking but LITERALLY FORCES HIS TRASH BOX WIFE AND CO. TO WEAR MONOCHROMATIC ATTIRE EVEN OUT OF HIS PRESENCE!

You're calling Hillary fat? What? It's not even funny, memes are meant to be funny...
Then your going to hate this, just wait bait boy
You're*
What

I do like those outdated facts, BTW Dems lost the South during civil rights. Yeah you freed them, but gave them no rights, and believed we were 3/5 a human. See how fun history is kids
Your an idiot, 3/5ths was for apportionment for allocating congressmen. So you don't deny your the slavers, creators of Jim Crow, separate but equal, poll taxes, KKK & the lynchers of blacks, yes I agree, here's your handiwork. Note the smiles and children slaver.
History is history. You treat these facts as if the current political in office made or responsible for these laws. It's misguided and a sick ploy to stir up pll feelings. Exactly what was the point of the original post? Other than to try what?

@jehoshem
Real soon
I love the power of industrial sewing machines.
Click to see the whole image.
 yeezys for everybody?  Or L’s for everybody 
write a rap abt it & let freedom ring! This could be your next step in freeing all Americans, Blacks, Whites, Jews & Christians!
But not the Mexicans of course, or the Muslims. Because that's not discrimination!

How about yea all blacks attacking @kanyewest get some good education.
Avoid prison as much as necessary. 
Leave the gangsta life alone.
Grab the opportunities  the migrants see and Neva wanna let go like ur @realDonaldTrump  said. 
You might see that WEST might just be right.
Where do I apply?@kanyewest 
Does your clothing line benefit from cheap foreign labor.  How do you justify slave like conditions and compensation as a black man?  You never left the plantation because you are not a "NEW SLAVE" you are the new master!
.
I stand with Kanye #Istandwithkanye

Your president has pudding matches with prostitutes
LOL!!!
You can bring up the past, I'm in 2018. Because Bill did a lot for the country. Trump and his supporters want to distract you from ppl who aren't president. Bill was impeached I'm waiting for Donald to be GO TO JAIL. Money laundering, sexual assault, dumb enough to think he's
Bot, zero followers, blocked.
Are you using child labor, like Donald Trump does?
The Democrat mob doesn’t want free thought. The culture is changing, the world is progressing, & people love Trump. #LoveTrump Let the world know!!! #NoHate
Kanye and the "thought police"
The Democrats, not being a mob, encourage free thought daily. Does the Republican mob do the same? No, it doesn't. Donald Trump only accepts people who think like and agree with him. No one else matters. Just him and those who follow him blindly. We don't. That's why he hates us
You people do not encourage free thought, you encourage liberal thought and if anyone in your party disagrees with that they are labelled "crazy", shunned or literally destroyed. The way Kanye is being treated is proof of that.
You shouldn't presume to think for me. After all, I am not presuming to think for you. Nor should you presume to think that I am a "you people". Again, you are an individual and I am speaking to you as such. I believe that proves my point and debunks yours. Goodbye
PS before I leave you and this inanity, I'll make one final point. Kanye West is his own man and he thinks and speaks for himself. He always has. Now, I'll leave you to your stereotypes. Goodbye
Perhaps the funniest thing here is this : take a group of people. Let one person dissent from a majority View. Do you really think that we will label that person as crazy? Because I can tell you truly that that person would only be labeled as an individual with his/her own ideas.

This image is something @Twitter needs to ban. Insensitive. Crude. What’s wrong with you?
Nothing, that's history darling, Dem history, no Republicans ever lynched ANYONE. Your indoctrinated and don't even know it. I picked this very picture as I saw this in an 8th grade textbook. Your party did this, again PICK UP  BOOK. So History should b banned, how about this?
Let me guess. You deny lynching, KKK and slavery that the Dems perpetrated on Black people. Democrats did that to that man, a HUMAN, that's what you support. Asking for me to be banned posting pictures in history books reminds me of Hitler, your a fascist of the lowest order Dear
KANYE I OWN A SINGER CONFIDENCE !!! I WANT TO DESIGN IN YOUR STUDIO PLEASE !!!! I LOVE YOUR WORK !
China?
But you won’t make your shoes affordable only the elite can wear them. Why?
Lol get a job loser.
I'm sorry...  I meant a GOOD job.  I should have been more clear.
I am a radiologic technologist. I do have a good job and it pays $98,000 a year. Get a life dude. Lol
Honestly I just meant to fuck with you.  I really mean you no ill will and I apologize for my asinine comments.
Ok thanks for your apology.

Down to have a policy debate with me ? Any policy you choose
Dems are killers and criminals, Tammany hall, Chicago machines, plz, corrupt from the start & still doing it, with Super delegates, yeah you backed a loser racist while screwing over another racist. Pretty funny, c'mon you got to admit that.
dude you really have to figure out how to save pictures
How are you not gonna crop your screen shots?
24 hour grind

Kanye West is an Alpha Male. The alpha takes responsibility for his  people's future, and makes their lives better in the present. Its a hard  job, and he's doing it despite the blowback. He cares more about YOU  than his legacy. Let that sink in.

You see that we all need to support our president and one another to make it in this world:) You also see that this country shows nothing but weakness to other countries if we don’t.
You president has pisses matches with prostitutes then pays them with tax payers money.
You can crop out on the fly when you screenshot shit Kanye
Stop doing meth
Kanye looking like he’s new with technology
Looks like he is new with everything! Doesn’t know how to deal with life too... Smh
Yeah right, new with mental break down too
Whatever that is.  I’m buying one. Kayne is a leader of all the people! Love and togetherness not hate and divide!!

Good luck w/ all the enterprises you’re pursuing. I hope they’re ALL successful for you!
I hate you kanye you ruined America!
just hold your finger on the picture and a "save image" option will pop up. then you can just post that exactly like you would the screen shot, just without the other shit
If I’d known so many people were listening in on our convo I wouldn’t have used “just” 3 times 

I LUV these beautiful babies!!  Just do not be around when Mom is around!
So true, look,she's charging, wonder if he knew what happened to him?
I can BEARLY  watch this!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Wow a plan I'm working on!
Is that in China the same place Donald trump makes his ties? I thought you guys were bringing back jobs to the USA. You know like the outdated coal industry. Smh racist specialized education will have you believing anything he says.
i go to school for clothing construction, hire me for yeezy please.
Like if you think Kanye is crazy 

I would like to dislike this comment
Guess what? Free thinking is your right. Just like it is Kanye’s.
Im saying kanye isnt crazy he’s just kanye....
I total agree with that statement.
Thank you Kanye for your service with speaking for OUR UNITED STATES OF AMERICA!!!! Thank you for standing up for our president like we all should (and we all should no matter who is president).
@kanyewest unfortunately we have all had that friend who is in an abusive relationship and has been offered help and they have declined...decided to stay in that...
Art machines
God
Ooooh yay fast fashion. #Sarcasm
Wtf why don’t u have the lil number on next to your battery percentage but like also plug in yo phone it look it it’s at 40%
Kanye, you might have damaged your brand...Lets see!
New sweatshop?
If you need a sewing machine mechanic I can fix anything.
more Yeezys?
konfeksiyoncu mu oldun aq
I will be happy if you wear this t-shirt..I made it for you..
Pls follow @PyrocynicalTV
Why are you posting screenshots from Dropbox?! You do realise you can download that shit... That’s sort of the whole point?
Your sweatshop?
Sweatshirt factory???

Ohhh science starting to become interesting to you maybe it’s all coming back that you’ve been cloned under ground
Where they at
looks like the place where they make Gundam model kits
This white privileged girl had the privilege to work at a sewing factory to support my family! Long back breaking hours, no airconditioning, 2 10 minutes breaks 1 thirty minutes break a day! Wait until break to use the restroom. I thank the Lord for this opportunity for my family
You could just save the photo and post it here, you don’t need to screenshot it. Or if you find that easier, at least crop the photo so no one has to know you took a screenshot...
Shoes?
Made With Love :)

One day will work with you.
I want this
Sweat shop!!!!
thief
That where the little Chinese kids make your shoes for pennies to the dollar so can sell them for a ridiculous price and have you sitting there laughing at your fan base for buying clearly overpriced garbage?
@kanyewest please consider hemp for your products! Hemp became illegal along w/ canabis bc it threathened rockerfeller/mellon owned industries like nylon & timber in the early 1900 era(1910ish).
The sunken place wasn’t enough, so now he’s slumped even lower to a sweatshop
this better not be a sweet shop.
This looks almost exactly like my place of employment
can you fookin crop your pictures?

My Mother & Her sister once they came to American Lynn, MA they work at one of those sweat shops They came here from Italy
kanye, just save the picture and tweet that, not the screenshot!

@kanyewest fam, hold the image down, save image to your iphone and then upload it. Screenshots aren’t full resolution, also you’re letting everyone know you’re using Dropbox. I got you for any tech support HMU #chicago
Dropbox love
Nice sweatshop
Such a dumb mf about that screenshot posting, hope it is a contract with dropbox and not stupidity)
Gee, is this your in-home sweatshop for @Yeezy goods?
Let Me Make Samples
You’re really building a yeezy temple / workshop
allí trabajas en esa maquila ? ? ?
iHOPE this aint yoHOUSE/sweatSHOP cuz yoWIFE done alrdyTOLD u abt postin PICS of the house..... #whoseSWEATshopISthis

Trash
THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL
Pictured here: The Kanye factory.
Btw, your clothes are really ugly! They look like the wardrobe for some weird, futuristic cult society film. 
Is that your sweatshop or chumps??
Can I have one of those please 
Can you ask your wife how to crop?
"Money Maker"
Kanye what are all these pictures of? If it’s style of buildings and things you like... I like it too. Lol
That one is probably a production factory for his brand Yeezy? 

I don't know. I'm just guessing.
Lol Yea
Is this a picture of Ivanka's sweat shop
Awe sh*t, this picture is motivating to me. Had the pleasure to use a few of those machines. They are 
WORK!
That’s where the Asian niggas be workin
Sweat shop 2018

man you really dont know how to upload a picture
What marketing genius...def a manifestation of your subconcious
Oh I remember my mom she used to be seamstress and she dream to have a JUKI brand.
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton.
Non-evil genius laboratory. Hire me
Should use Egnyte not Dropbox
Made in China...keep making America great Kanye
You Didn’t keep your promise
Cut the middle man. Fuck a shoe closet! You got your own sweat shop god damn. @kanyewest
Is that a sweatshop?
New studio?
Sweat shop?
yea wow follow @PyrocynicalTV
#BoycottKanye

Pure genius, Kanye. Couldn’t have done it better myself
Hard
Where are all the children?
lol ily kanye
@kanyewest forgot some shoes ?
Que tal você usar seus dedinhos pra costurar?! Acho mais produtivo...
Now I see. You really are a marketing genius even though you have no soul. You wanted people to be looking at your posts this week to show them your new products... Your wife could have just posed naked again to save you all the aggravation.
Just download the image man....
somebody teach this dude how to crop
SOMEONE TEACH KANYE THAT THERES A CROP BOTTON ON THE TWITTER APP FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Fuck my bro is that yeezy co.?
@AakashMalhotr10 ????
@kanyewest where your Yeezy range made ? America? Or 3rd world country - cheap labour?
You're literally lashing out to gain publicity since you get new shit dropping.
Hire me for something!!! check my sheets business degree gemini condomedian wrapper playwrite author ad slanger!!?
Please have your assistant crop these pics.. it hurts my eyes
How Sway?
is that photo taken in the garment district of NYC?
Lil sweatshop
Beautiful!
is kim getting new boobs?
Watching @kanyewest unravel in real time is better than RHOBH. Or any show for that matter.
SAINT PABLO IS IN MÉXICO MEXICALI TELL ABLOH ILL DO PR FOR LOUIS V #FRENCH #NIGGASINPARIS
What time do the kids start work?
that is super cool looking, yeezy were the shoes are designed?
Is this a picture of the sweathouse you & your wife's clothes are made?
We're all born with our own compass....Don't get distracted! Mind your business! Kanye has his own compass,He don't need yours!!!!! Keep doing what your doing KW.. People need to live & let live!
Is that @IvankaTrump sweatshop? #MAGA
This is where the children work
Where is this sweatshop?
Kanye, you know you can save photos instead of screenshotting them right?
2nd fasting growing co. Well done . Ye
Is this the place where your 2$ T-Shirts are getting holes and then get selled at 120$ ? Could you send me the address ? Thanks !
Equal employment opportunity
so you’re just going to screen shot these on the dropbox website rather than download the dropbox app where you can save these pictures onto your phone
Picturez worth a million words.
We in the lab
Mental illness needs to be treated.
THAT 90 IS WAY OVERBENT. KANYE YOU NEED BETTER ELECTRICAL MAN.
Wtf is this pic of n Why tf is yo phone on military time? 
Lol
What is that ur empty sweatshop lol
“Don’t nobody bring me...no.bad.news”
US labor i hope
Looks like an old #MacFactory.
The #AppleMac
Is that your “sweat shop” that makes $500 sweat pants for the average man.
Exactly totally support you 100% We should be able to stand as individuals and not be followers This is what makes us unique It shows us what true friends really are when they drop us like hot flies for our own beliefs. Everyone should stand for individuality not what they think
Send me some Yeezys?
your new job?
Are the children hiding?
Yo is that a picture of your sweat shop.
cool room you got there
Shoe factory? I see shoes and pelts in gold and black. What type factory is this?
