Like if Kanye still winning
like if kanye should deactivate
Like if Carlos should deactivate.
Like if Parzival should deactivate.

Like if disturbing name destroyed the thread
Like if this guy should deactivate
That's right. It's not wrong to think for yourself. You don't have to go with grain. It's a new world.
We sat for YEARS in fear of what others would think of us if we would just be ourselves. Even now if someone supports Trump or something else 'unconventional' they throw meaningless words at your head. That is a type of sickness.
When you lose free dialogue you lose your country. Period. When you go into groupthink and groupspeak, you lose your country. Period.
I got a feeling you and Kim are in a battle to see who can ride Kanye’s dick into the sunset.
Show some respect.

^ plain example of how the liberals will only listen to themselves and will not respect others’ views despite their own
oh please, we all know that if kanye were saying the opposite, conservatives would be telling him to stick with his craft and stay out of politics.

The media said he's way out of control

I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'

I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control

Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like.
Saint Pablo  #InYeezusWeTrust

actually he was literally ruled by a court of law to stop using racist rental policies at his properties starting decades ago.
It was his dad pushing him to do it. Not excusing it but his dad was the one behind the idea of not renting to African Americans.
Right Andrew and also he was young and people say and do things every single day that are mistakes....we will always learn from them but u are so correct his father had much influence over that matter. That's not who Trump is!!
right, which is why he calls neo-nazis very fine people, and why he refuses to condemn his KKK supporters, and why he has been quoted saying that black people are not smart enough for white collar jobs...

fact check, FALSE!
Have you forgotten what Killery was calling Obama when she was running against him???? WE have not....heard it from her own MOUTH #facts
Kanye will not be bullied into submission. He is Free! 
I just wish more people would wake up to what is REALLY going on right now!! What is fixing to come to light is going to be HISTORY MAKING!!! It's also SICK AND TWISTED!!! We should all have beliefs and not be scrutinized for them!!
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
What a joke. All I see are 
Maybe stop BEING one.
7 followers.,.....I guess that is the results of one word responses to everyone who says what you don't agree with......with no real thoughts of her own? SHEEP
"Sheep" is the new"bot."  
I remember when rock stars were supposed to be counter, cultural, nonconformist, mavericks, free thinkers... Kanye embodies all that. A true liberal. John Legend & rest are Orwellian nightmarish of group think
They want to put him back in the box where they "think" he belongs!!
imma defend you till the day i die
You may disagree with trump severely, but this is his opinion and he has a right to express it.
i don’t agree w trump but i do agree w yeezy i wouldn’t be who i am rn without him
if you actually LOVE what Trump stands for... you don’t stand for LOVE at all. His campaign is based on fear&hate. He probably doesn’t even believe in his own campaign. He’s using it as a vehicle to POWER. You’re using him as a vehicle to promotion. Usury is not love!
“When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the loser.”

― Socrates
Like if you see a similarity b/w Yeezy’s recent tweetstorm and Charlie Sheen’s public meltdown
Charlie Sheen is a notorious Hollywood paedophile who had a drug bender meltdown and car crash.

Kanye West is a rapper who has made some tweets voicing his thoughts and opinions on various things and people are treating him like he has gone insane.
Using his public soapbox to proclaim that he has become “free” from oppressive thoughts. Dragon energy = tiger blood
I just don't see a similarity. Why people give so much weight to the opinions of celebrities is beyond me
Not knocking him for loving Trump or the obvi promotion this is affording him before his album drops. I see a similarity, and this didn’t end well for Sheen. It was kind of a sign that something was “off”, revealed later on
Don’t tell me how to live my life
Way to not let him peer pressure you into not being manipulated by peer pressured Cube! That's why we love you lol! You do you!
Kanye,

Were you the secret investigator Trump sent to Hawaii to find Obama's Kenyan birth certificate?
Jason, it's "KAN-YE," not, "KEN-YA." 
Reading is fundamental.
shut up.
Turn them notifications off then

For years I've warned about mental slavery, to find: "The needier, mentally challenge, or criminal-type, then the least intetested in attaining 'freedom'.  The Democrat Party owns no-hope loss souls forevermore ~ but don't feel sorry for them(!) -- they're obedient Foot Soldiers.
Kanye, I do wonder how you feel about worst case scenarios with these things. Is there a line where some thoughts are too extreme? If someone talks about murder all the time, do we ignore it? What if someone physically/emotionally harms someone else, how do we judge them?
Outrageous comparison! 
What's outrageous?
GOD DAM I LOVE KANYE WEST
Fake acvount
I’m loving Kanye more and more each tweet
No matter how dark a room is, a man will always find the way to a woman's breast

So fuckin’ woke. Good shit Kanye.
Let's not conflate a concerned friend reaching out with manipulation
Only thing @johnlegend was “concerned” about was the Democratic Party losing a foothold on the black vote. John can’t see the truth yet that Kanye sees.

Should be a twitch emote tbh @Twitch
STOP!!! You gotta give them time to breathe man!!! You're going to cause too many deaths by tweeting logic and sensible things!!!
Is a large group requesting a group hug considered peer pressure??
This is a big mood, and should be talked about on a national level.
FAX
No printer
YOU HAVE COME A LONG WAY KANYE! KEEP RUNNING FROM THAT DNC PLANTATION, BROTHA!!!


DAD
Brodadgod
You gained me as follower and my respect this past week. Thank you for being yourself instead of folding to bullies
You have your own opinion and you understand your feelings. Thank you for standing strong and never giving up! You're amazing and inspiring @kanyewest 
not sure why it is John Legend's business who you support or don't support..this is America and we all have a choice..
Yeah, don’t let FACTS or LOGIC change your unconscious bias, feelings, or emotions. Facts don’t care about your feelings

Thank you
MAGA, Kanye.

MAGA 
DRAGON ENERGY FOREVER



Right on Kanye... it takes so much bravery to do what’s right in a world filled with hatred and violence
@GeorgeShortland you really need to get that butterfly tattoo x
now you said it I think I might x
King. Tell em! Speak!! Im into this Kanye vibe.
Yo I finished two songs this week because of You. I’m motivated af now!! #inpired #wordsofwisdom #thankyou
Proof!!
@johnlegend  I completely respect what you said to Kanye 
Way to stand up to your peers telling you to abandon Trump, you have my support!!!
Easier said than done, I give you huge props. I got bashed for wearing at MAGA hat & have kept my political views to myself except on Twitter since. I wish I could come out and tell people How they are being brainwashed by media to believe false narrative’s. Thank you Kanye !
Lost of people are manipulated by the press, lots of people falling blindly in-line. Sad...
Unless what you feel is racism or sexism.
EVERYONE CAN RESPECT SOMEONE THAT STANDS THEIR GROUND......ESPECIALLY WHEN EVERYONE IS WATCHING. Stay YOU, Ye!
Thank you, Kanye!
#LoveYe 
Damn ye can you drop some  instead of dropping these lame ass tweets... where the tracks with asap at?
Great leadership for the next generation: 
Critical thinking, independent thinking, free thinking
God bless ya
32 year old Dad putting out better music with an iPhone than most trendy rappers like @lilpump and _____ (insert name) don’t put me in a studio. I’ll erase them from musical existence.  Sign me @kanyewest I’ll teach em a lesson.
You simply don’t “ask” Kanye West to put you up, If you have what is needed.
If you listen, by the end of the song you most likely will at a minimum be impressed. If you’re into that kind of music.
Unfollow button is top right corner. Block button is under settings to the left of that. Just looking out for you
Every time Kanye tweets, a liberal loses their mind.

Dear Kanye:

Are you just reading random pages from a self-help desk calendar now?

Love,

America
((())) opinions do not represent America
But all the cool kids at school will hate me if I don't sell them pics of my feet :(
I thought I was the only one in this situation
Deez nuts
Got eemm

Looks like somebody is jealous!
Yeah I wish Konye would draw pictures for me :(
Kanye you are a true Baller! Awesome to see you are your own man rather than bleating the same drivel as the sheep on the Plantation.
Common sense over rides peer pressure. Who r YOU trying to influence? Record sales? Shoe sales? Your a Kardashian. Everything is about the bottom line $$$$$
Peer pressure?? You are pretty much  telling people to dig in your heels on not listen to those around you that care about you.  By putting your "friends" on blast you show a supreme level of disrespect and that your intent to to create chaos.
BILL COSBY GUILTY
Exactly... That's called BULLYING.
If you feel something go to the doctor because something is not right with you.
Great advice be an example
Im peer pressuring y'all to give this a spin
Jaye Newton - Sunroof Season 
Available everywhere

http://JayeNewton.com …

Kanye is setting people free.
God
Ok
Some call it peer pressure, some call it people trying save you from yourself.  

Tomato/tomato.
I love you. Your wisdom is uplifting my heartache 
May Kanye’s wisdom restore peace 
Your whole condescending lecture about freedom of thought is based on the false premise that people disagree with Trump simply because they’re blindly following popular opinion. Maybe some people actually think for themselves? Maybe they’ve read the policies? IDK JUST A THOUGHT
It's a pretty safe assumption.
Ah yes- everyone can be placed into 2 neat little camps. Helps simplify everything so one doesn’t actually need to think for himself. Perpetuating stereotypes about someone who happens to disagree with trump helps divide the populace into 2 camps & keep the ruling class in power
Thats how you become ALPHA.
Denying peer pressure is the first step in fighting indoctrination and systematic oppression. The greatest tool of the worst governments has always been peer pressure. "Everyone else is doing so I should too." Or "No one else is fighting back, so why should I?"
Go see a Doctor.
Stay strong @kanyewest.  You may be paving the way through your intelligence and boldness!!!  We appreciate you!!!
I’m so glad you are standing strong and not back peddling over the lefts outcries. So many celebrities are afraid to admit that they actually do like Trump and / or support him due to the repercussions they know will come. I admire you for standing your ground. @kanyewest
Thanks for standing your ground. Everyone has the right to their opinion and shouldn't be harassed for it.
The people are rebelling against the status quo  mob mentality
There’s a difference between not bowing to peer pressure and being unreasonable. Just because you feel something doesn’t make it right or loving. You claim empathy but support a man who shows none.
Okay, I can understand this, but what exactly do you love about him as a man, and better yet the President? Can you speak to that in a logical sense? Detail precisely what policies he set forth that meet your approval and why?
Stop. You're dimishing yourself. You're aligned with the lowest form of criminal. You want to sell albums you don't have to act a fool.
And ironically, peer pressure is exactly what's played you for a sucker. Perhaps it feels more like flattery. But I assure you, @kanyewest, the moment you come to your senses and reject these bigots, they'll be right back to calling you the N-Word.
I love that our president is keeping our borders safe. Thank you @realDonaldTrump and thank you @kanyewest for not being political correct. We don't have to be, our president is the best and allows people to voice their opinions and not care what the libs say. 'Merica
Truth!  I Never Have & Certainly Never Will
Hey @johnlegend the truth shall set u free and @kanyewest is speaking the truth. under Trump our GREAT @POTUS it is the lowest unemployment rate EVER for African Americans and Hispanics! Take a lesson from @kanyewest be a free thinker be your own man Stop being a follower
And don't be afraid to be wrong, but be willing to accept that you might be.
ONE side does not like this pure truth. Guess which side? Kanye figured it out #DragonEnergy
@rxbbiekelly @tevansJJ @noaclegg I think leeds taught us peer pressure is the best pressure
That so true
Welcome to the waking world, son. Now help us wake the rest of the world to the epic battle of good/evil that's ahead of us.

This is the image that scares #DeepState the most.


#Q #QAnon #GreatAwakening
#WeThePeople #WWG1WGA
This is how you get young people involved in politics. Good things are happening for this country and you do NOT have to be White or Black to see it.  The ones hating are usually the HATERS.  #maga
I was going to allow peer pressure and fear to wreck my life but now that King Daddy God has spoken, I shall mend my wicked ways.
Thinking for yourself is not as hard as they make it seem more people should try it.. The world would be alot better off.

Kanye just please revert back to old you. Snap out of it 
but do let facts and well reasoned arguments influence your opinions
Truth
Black people don’t have to be democrats.
If you suffer from Depression and anxiety and been through some shit you might relate to this...
Maga gang
Please don’t fall out with John.
be the vice president
Right!!
I feel like you are a god

true..
You been invited to next trump rally tell these supporters your one of them!
These boogeyman are all in your head.
Also... If someone has an album dropping. . don't let them manipulate you.
You're 100% wrong about #45.  He's more divisive to this nation than the Civil War.  I know you love being edgy and what not, but this is not a good look for you. I used to be a fan, but knowing you approve of misogyny, racism, bigotry, greed, gluttony, and adultery, I'm out.
That wasn’t peer pressure, it was sound advice. Learn the difference, you’re 40
Pan cakes, meh, whatever.
But fries done right are good
Real Crisco, fresh cut, on the picnic table in east Texas happens occasionally
Troll....
Whatever mental breakdown you are now going through @kanyewest, realize that you are now being used by the worst, most corrupt, criminal, racist and bigoted people in our country to push their regressive agenda.
You're being used to enslave the entire planet. No? Then why are you regurgitating the same rhetoric the globalists use?
It’s called common sense.
How is it common sense?
Apparently not for some
Progressivism is bad ideas propagated by dreamers with unrealistic goals.
It's the infantilization of humanity. They can't even conceive why that is so disastrous.
Too late @jdseui 
I know, you got me scarred 
I never have!
Oh please, it isn't like you have humiliated Taylor swift with lies and rumors that are completely false because there's NO RECEIPTS. You're not holier than thou as you think
yes that is true but truly examine what you are saying and all of the ramifications. Trump is alt right. Not pro women blacks hispanics the poor. Do you agree with that? Yes Jesus said love your neighbour. Is that what this is about?
Those Blacks and Hispanics appreciate all time employment highs. The red pill is out there. Take it. You will wake up, then grow up.
He's not peer pressuring you, little girl. He's trying to SCHOOL you on how your promo of this guy 45 (despite EVERYTHING) affects people who look up to you and who you endorse. Grow Up.
Are u even AWARE of what Trumps done since he’s been in office? Doesn’t sound like u know one damn thing...pls stop.
You are overestimating your relevance there big guy
Or pussy pressure, I.e. @johnlegend with @chrissyteigen
Frfr!
Dak is  
 @MichaelEaverly @ZachBarlage9

Give it a rest now mate
Here’s the Official vid Yé. Def appreciate if you’d check this https://youtu.be/q-XhdmdopNo 
Let’s gooooooooo
What?
Coming from the man wearing a make America great again hat smh 
Kanye west will be the best president of USA after trump
And if you see something, say something.
ABSOLUTELY BROTHER, I ALWAYS SAY, IF THE SPIRIT SAYS NO, DON'T GO, GODBLESS
Keep it up KanyeYou have the power to inspire millions and you have begun the dialogue. Do not allow the behavior of others taint your mindful thought process.Continued success and you’ve even got main stream media throwing their hands up in the air.Bravo  @realDonaldTrump
Well God bless you @kanyewest for thinking for yourself. It's refreshing, brave. I admire that!
Amen
Amen!
Much respect to you!!
Ever.  We do not have to agree, just please respect.
Good message for the youngins.
LOVE YOU YE´PRAYING FOR YOU.
Right on
Good job man,

And all the sheep will flock to iTunes as directed.
Brilliant. Who would have ever thought of such profound things. No wonder he thinks he's a genius. Tool.
Can u 'feel it' more quietly, since you've LOST YOUR DAMN MIND?
Kanye has been red pilled like a champ. Dudes got balls. I’d buy him a beer
Keep spreading the love man! You are the voice of a generation and don't let anyone make you think differently! Their hate can't defeat this message of love! God Bless you Kanye!
GO KANYE!!!!!
If only you dropped these truth bombs earlier. But better late than never.
Should wisdom or feelings RUN our lives, Kanye? Wisdom does not readily cater to our emotions the way chaos does. Are you more clever than the chaos? Have you truly identified who & what & where the peer pressure is? Is your guidance true? If not, then what if...youve been...???
You just keep doing you. Looks like you are doing just fine.
do you not also see wisdom in considering you are wrong?
Fam Kanye knows @XcessiveKillah
I full support you @kanyewest and @realDonaldTrump
What John said was friendship not peer pressure
@DiamondandSilk @POTUS @RealCandaceO
Yes yes

.coming soon. 

#StayTuned #NewMusic #teaser 
Future moves
Preach on. But don't eat too many of those fortune cookies.
Wise.  As a child my mother often reminded me, "You are the peer."  What you think, the way you act and treat others is on you. Not on others. So if you pay the proverbial piper, it should be for what you think and do.  She was right then, and now. #standyourground
A wise man has many advisors.
I want to meet you and have a real deep conversation
“I believe in the Children, listen to the kids, bro”
And if you don't?
How do you feel about the scooters? (bird, lime, etc)
Oh Kanye...
if you feel something don't let peer pressure manipulate you TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Whenever Kanye speaks
Thanks for standing up the POTUS and the rest of us that like him.  Will say, we are proud that you stand for ALL American's even if they disagree with you.   You may have lost followers, but you will gain more then you lost by your actions in the last day or so.


He’s not trying to peer pressure you, he’s trying to help you understand what you’re doing.


MAIS FERME TA GUEUUUUUUUULE

Facts
It’s your choice to care about other people
Free mind!
Southside serenade
@aayeitsashley unlike this we are not supporting this rn
u ain’t know if i liked it bc i’m laughing @ it tho
Good shit
Yo please stfu Kanye
omg
He’s starting to piss me off 
"I believe in free thinking. But not at the expense of the oppressed. If your free thinking is used as a tool by oppressors to oppress....that's bullshit" ~Janelle Monae
#FuckKanye #MAGAsRacistAF #MAGAsAreHate
No matter what you think Kayne...The fact that you are not afraid to express your thoughts...& encourage All to do the same...Makes YOU AMAZING in mine, & many, many, many other minds!!!
#truthshallsetyoufree!!
Did you or did you not sell your soul to the devil...?
Father, stretch my hands.
Ok.  Well I do think you are insane.
All great minds ahead of there times are a bit off and some people who don't understand them will call them insane.
Hope Kanye wears it as a badge!
We wont agree on this one.  Kanye is not a great mind.
Love bro
#1 money maker in shoes
from Chicago fought his way to the top
No1 saw him as a flow master, that didn't stop him. Master of mixing beats too.
I'm no Maga guy, but I respect his vision, determination, free thinking, never say impossible mentality & breaking social norms.
Ill give you that.  Not a fan of him.  Weird minds usually dont see third eye to eye.
Curious what business of Johns is it how you think n feel? Seriously you don’t Nd help ! Ur a man your smart who’s this John dude to say anything? Geez ! Well keep it up your winning folks who I thought never would like you 
Your a lot smarter then I gave you credit for !  Thanks for standing up to your beliefs n not folding to hollyweird
@Alannah_jarvis  don’t put deep heat on a rash even if 5 people tell you to do it
Stay strong Kanye, take the lead. It will be bumpy at first but history will remember you as a hero.
Right on Bro
Not caving into peer pressure is being free. Free thought, free action and being able to be yourself. I’m amazed at how many people sound like controlled robots repeating the same lines exactly the same way and not really understanding why they are saying it. Keep being you.
Being against popular thought for the sake of being different doesn’t make you popular. It doesn’t make you prophetic
FYI...Also try not to minipulate people into believeing you are always right, because nobody is right all the time, and even you can be dead wrong!!! If you think you are always right it is called narcissism!!!
Thanks for that pearl of wisdom.
I don't agree with your opinion, but it is important to be able to be open about your opinions.
@Dontcallmeabbey
