Kanye is planning one of two things.

1. Make the coolest dreidels the world has even seen.

2. Take over for Rita Repulsa as the head monster maker

@mxnxrs jsp si ta cru voir comme moi
le fameux argile hein pour faire la poterie c'est ça?
  moha il en a des tonnes jcomprend pas il est vraiment passionné
ça fais plaisir que la générations actuel s'intéresse à ça ()
C’est beau qu’il s’épanouisse dans ce très bel art
Me trying to decipher these tweets.
pretty excited for the Yeezy x Lunchables project man.
COUCHES COUCHES COUCHES WHICH ONE SHOULD I PICK
I need extra clay I like my pottery extra thick

Yeezy fudge on the way. $100 per square.
New soap?

 https://soundcloud.com/boom2bomb/kung-lao …
Buy Chun Li on iTunes
is this loss
My ass thought this was his new furniture line
What is it? My hungry ass thought is was cheese 
Or chocolate!!

Nice
Is that clay?
Is this what Kim used
Looks like a bunch of poopity scoop to me
u fuckin claymate
This is what I picture my brain looking like
I couldn’t tell if my Twitter wasn’t loading or if this was Kanye’s color scheme for his new clothing line 
Is this loss
mexicain wall rocks ?
I don't know what this is but you should write a song for Trump, this could warm people up, maybe have a low heavy base with the word TRUMP,   : D
@sarahhh_cohen DADA. #APIA
bro i wanna touch this stuff
Yassss! You better work!!!

Yeah man we know you got this all but...why you showing off ?? Uploading every sec a tweet and making us all annoyed of you
Purpp and Ye. 
Name a more iconic duo. 
Eskeeeetit
Moon sand

Is this loss?
@nicefaceilikeit touch rocks!!!!! Shale slate and sandstone
@kanyewest DO NOT SUCUMB TO THE NOISE, I PROMISE IT WILL GET WORSE BEFORE IT GETS BETTER
@kanyewest KEEP UP THE POSITIVE PATRIOT WORK. I don’t agree with everything you say. THATS OK! I love you still, you’re human, you’re a patriot, you love me. THERE ARE PEOPLE CONTROLING A DARK PIECE OF OUR COUNTRY. #exposethem #learnfirst #teachafter
@kanyewest ghettos free food, milk, cheese, phones, houses, and not affluent areas? Is that EVEN CONSTITUTIONAL? Is that even legal federally? Or should that be left to the states? If you live in a state and don’t like it, should you move to a different state? #rothschilds #qanon
@kanyewest craft an approach, learn facts. LEARN WHAT MLK WAS ABOUT. Our schools history books ARE WRONG. Learn ABOUT THAT. WHY ARE THEY WRONG? slavery was not my great grandfathers choice, nor yours. Why do we let sheeple let that hold this country in chains ? Why do we feed
@kanyewest I’m trying to find something that doesn’t have a lot of comments - look bro-you’re doing great-everything is noise-when people say “there’s facts” blah blah...negatively about your movement, they’re scared, and don’t have facts. What you’re doing is right. It’s scary
very interesting
You're gonna get lynx disease #alantutorials #alanresnik @alanresnicks
#lynxdisease
you copping the new battle pass for fortnite?
It look like a highway for clay
Color waves. Nice.
Yay, art time!!!! Almost typed "Day" but let's be real - EVERY day should be Art Day 
are they eatable
What's that mean then pal?

What is that ? Very curious
@kanyewest you’re the best thing about Twitter. So much love 
You should live in the now.. the problem with today and today's youth is the utilization of thought. They think they want to be famous
Dark brown..chocolate tea
deep af
My fat ass thought this was candy
YMIM

Samples but for what?!
Bars or chocolate? You getting into the confectionery game now?
Love is God
Abstract creativity is difficult for some people to grasp. Education is the key to eradicating ignorance. It's pretty cool. Get paid Kanye and keep on laughing all the way to the Bank. 
Are these your new Yeezy models?
Hmmm.....
Is that cheese
Is this loss?
Hey, how many Chicagoans got healthcare while Obama was in office? How many people got healthcare as a result of your efforts? #heputsketchuponhotdogs
I like this. Thank you for the tweet.
GAP man brings his eclectic colour scheme with him 
Yeezy Hash

stick to the music pal
I'm so confused
https://youtu.be/DBB9IWad280 
CLICK LINK NOW 
Is this the yeezy Soap ?

What the fuck ARE these? Square rocks?
il est bizarre ton shit

Moon rocks
join my sneaker discord group just opened,
YEZZUS ACCESSORY TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 

JOIN THE CONVO! On Ep.47 #YoungBlackAndBroke We discuss #MEEKMILL, Defining a Friend, Why Men (NOT BLACK MEN) Cheat?, Do you Forgive?, Difference in Friends & BEST Friends, DEAL Breakers in Relations…
MODERN DAY JOHN LENNON 
Stop

Oh you
That's nice Kanye very cool
colors
Neat
Bye rat
yum



sorry what?

 

https://soundcloud.com/toyhollow/old-ways …
Yikes
Hey
