
wow what an original thought you had there. never seen this one before
wow what an original comeback lmao  the irony in it all every time u quacks get mad at these jokes u respond with the same shit
lol who are u again?
Someone who has more followers than you that’s for sure. 
oh is that how you measure worth? fuck man no one told me.
You can tell she bought her followers
she? and no I didn’t but I appreciate the care!
"Fashion"
Imagine having post notifications on and having a pre-set picture and caption to post a negative post to someone you dont even like for a few twitter likes
People are bizarre hahaha
I love Tr- ...I love DonaldT-.....I love the 45th President-
Weak. Weak. Weak. 

Man some people are so full of hate. Glad we got @kanyewest
This tweet smells like hotdog water.
This tweet smells like tuna 
Kanye West made it clear he supports Donald Trump. Sign and Share the #BoycottKanye petition here: https://www.change.org/p/kanye-west-boycott-kanye-west …
I am the real uncle Tom. I don't care about his music, but I damn sure respect his views. See it's not hard to think for yourself, it's not hard to do. If you do it once, you will know how.

PS: I will buy his CD today.
Nobody cares what you think
That's not how it works, try thinking for yourself, just try it once, you might be surprised how easy it is.
You make nosense bro. And again nobody cares
Please don’t start that shit again Kanye
Unfollow then lol
Foh it’s a joke I’m still rocking with Ye
Farming for likes, i see you
Lmaoooo you see it. I’ve been on a roll too 
Congratulations Kanye we all missed you boy! 1 like = 1 respect
1 like=10k disrespect
shut up
no u
If you can honestly say you "hate" anyone you need to do a heart check because "hate" is from the devil!
Wanting people to come here through the correct processes is not hate. It is protecting our families and country.

Do you lock your doors at night before bed? Or do you invite everybody from the street in?
I agree, but look at what she wrote and go to her twitter account. That was my point.
Make America Great Again!
Freedom for the mental prison of the left.
Kanye West will lead Hollywood out of the wilderness.
my wife left me
Say you love her
I love Gregg's wife
So that’s why she left
Hugged the relationship to death
come back home Karen
She hasn't a Karen the world about his feelings
Now think of someone you love and try saying to yourself that you hate them. Because that’s how a lot of us feel about you now.
Why cant he just have his own opinions like everyone else man...
Hard to spread love, people don’t want it
If we all had this mentality the world would be a much better place 
Yes it would.
no
thanks 9volt
gm mr kayne
wtf kevy
Kanye you would love Satoshi.

He wants to decentralize the world and empower people just like you.
Kanye is Satoshi
Buy Bitcoin 
BTFD
why
Because the negative energy will eventually consume you. Make peace with it and move on
why cant i be at peace without lying to myself
Hate within ourselves uses too much of our energy. Expelling hate and focusing that extra energy on making you the best you is how you succeed. You can never lie to yourself becuz the mirror always tells the truth.
loving takes up way more of my energy than hating tbh
That's dope. My hate was everything, zero love. It caused me to do things just to see people in pain. It's still there but I'm mentally stronger now and can use it as positive energy.
Incoming salty democrats
Present and ready to tweet! 
I love Donald Trump so much I wish he would retire immediately and just take it easy!
I wish you would stop liking Kanyes tweets...I dont follow him but his tweets are now filling up my timeline
The reaction to Kanye West's tweets shows how much free thinking terrifies the establishment. They love diversity until they see diversity of thought.
This is the problem with modern conservatism, they see mental illness as “free thinking”.
So your are saying @kanyewest  has mental illness bc he thinks for himself?
No I think he has mental illness because he’s having a manic episode on twitter, he’s always been a delusional narcassist, and he unironically thinks he shares Dragon Energy with the president, who is under investigation for conpiracy against the US, among other things.
Kanye, Well said! I heard you lost some followers yesterday, and just want you to know You will pick new ones up, like Me. New Fans!
He didn't it was a glitch
Wow, the liberals here seem to be pretty hateful towards you.
But "love trumps hate or something"
could never love a remoaner mate. brexit is built in my d&a.
whats your d&a?
its my jeans.
you got too many why chromosomes in your jeans bruh
cheers mate. ive been known for my   brains.
Ya sen artık konuşma rica edicem

sampled the fortnite bus sound into this beat

retweet 
This bumps

tell trav he best drop that song tonight or else
I just simply can't say I love Hillary Clinton....Sorry Kanye
DITTO  

Hillary will forever be dishonest in her soul
I’m not gonna cheer Roman Reigns no matter what you say Kanye
I love Kayne
Kanye just woke up 
Please not again I can't do this today
It’s okay that Kendrick won the Pulitzer. You’ll be ok.
Overrated
We love trump

I love Kanye West
Kanye with the deep spiritual advice
Hopefully that’s what you’re doing with Trump...

#KanyeWest had everyone in a frenzy all day Wednesday after he went on a couple of twitter rants where he touched on everything from his family, to his love for #DonaldTrump 
Beautiful, Kanye.  Spread it brother.
Send your "enemies" good intentions and wish them the best.
Snoop Dogg is sending a lot of hate your way on insta for you having your own thoughts and beliefs! Rise above! :) 
Yes! Amen 
It is easy to pray for those we love, but to pray for those we dislike may seem impossible but after a few days it gets easier.
It is written  'Love your neighbor as yourself.'"
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
He's talking to you Trump haters 
Nah fuck that. They hated for a reason.
Why because democrats tell them to hold onto the past and live in their chains???? 

You don’t have a clue bro. No clue.
Speak truth to light!! Think change. Think progress. Think in the PRESENT to change the future.

…
Oh I wasn't thinking politics. Just y'know, tryna remind people that you don't have to forgive people who've hurt you or oppress/persecute you for discriminatory reasons.
Don't hang on to what 2% of assholes do-there's alot of us over here that are very very cool


@Zorziah @SithNLHQ @Red_Dices @Rctt_ I love you
Kys
Love u bb
Love is Always the Answer - Kanye is Right!
Exactly, so do you love immigrants now???
You must be a Liberal

Conflating Legal Immigrants vs. Illegals are 2 very different forms of Immigration

Come back to me when you understand the difference
Oh I understand the difference, but you are saying love is the answer, I asked you a question and you did not answer it. Instead you assumed I was a liberal. So make up your mind genius, is love the answer or not?
You need to reclassify the question as you continue to conflate the 2

By the sounds of it - you are in favor of Illegals crossing the border, overstaying their visas etc - I am not in favor of those tactics
Don't get confused and stay on topic. You said love is the answer. I asked you one simple question. Answer it. C'mon I want to believe you are smart. You can do it.
I do not subscribe to your conflated question - nice try
Try harder
What??  next time don't write shit you don't understand Genius.
I'm sorry but I just can't seem to love the people of ISIS..
Or people who abuse, rape or murder children and old people.
I'M SORRY, ARE YOU CALLING KANYE WEST SOMEONE RELATED TO ISIS?
No. I don't understand where you get that from?
At least I know what you mean! Some people just don’t get it.
Thank you
Kanye is just expressing his love for a man and almost everyone is angry at him,what is happening to humanity can’t a man express his love to a fellow man anymore?
Has kanye always been this woke
Nah I'm good thanks tho
Say u love Taylor Swift 

Is that what you did with trump?
Keep educating us fam!
You must love Ray j
Ray J is cool. He’s a nice boy and all.
why you out here talking about your marriage success secrets?
Browns fans are already rejecting Baker Mayfield
I love hating @realDonaldTrump


i love myself. hmmmmmm this doesn't work
I’m sending you much LOVE
oh thank you, i'm blushing 
@Mallikamahesh1 @sonialuvesJB who should I think of ? I hate no one .
I have a list...love doesn’t even cross my mind when thinking of them lol
I have a book . I mean what not at all . I LOVE them
Is that why you said you loved Trump? Cos you thought of the person you hated most and tried to convince yourself you loved him?
Nah man, too hard for me
Loving racist old men isn't as woke as you think, sir
It's possible, Kanye. It's called being Christian. It's a process but life changing every single day.
This is right on! But repping MAGA is not a necessary extension of this energy, nor is it conducive to it
DAMMIT Kanye. I'm starting to like you.
Love you Kanye

Good advice Kanye!!
#Qanon #Qanon8chan #GreatAwakenening#Qanon #Qanon8chan #GreatAwakenening
Sounds reasonable but I’m sure the triggered will find some way to hate this comment. 
If people  are so intolerant of your  thoughts and views then THEY are the reason this world is so full of hate not you,  keep living your truth and let them fall by the way side life is to short for people who can't move forward
y duro y dale
I don’t understand why u guys are hatting on @kanyewest just because his Open minded!!
Krsta ti, ne mlati
bro ur back
The sheer deluge of lefty tears over Kanye is the funniest thing since that time last year when Eminem tried to pick a fight with Trump, was ignored, had multiple hissy fits about it and then put the final nail in his own coffin by releasing a shitty album that failed miserably.
Come to besiktas
No mano
tiene q paraaaaal
Kanye, I’m 17 years old and all of your tweets are something I’ve already realized. Kim claims you are ahead of your time.... I question that.
is kanye taking a bachelor's in philosophy these days
You’re mental
I’m Clive Owen.
Amy stop retweeting Kanye he supports Trump hahahaha
If your truly spiritual enlightened you have to be capable of being compassionate and loving to anyone.. even trump unfortunately  That's what Kanyes tryna say !!
NAAAAAAAAAAA
Love you no matter your opinion baby g xx clarice for president 2020 
Enlightened af thank u bb
Stream #NoTearsLeftToCry
legit dont understand why yall are hyping this song so much
That sounds like a you problem
what a quality answer instead of an explanation
I owe you nothing, if you want an answer go find it yourself
Jeez its not that serious lmao
But ur not worth hating, just pitying. Kanye hates black people!!!
I just want to know if Ye is gonna visit Donnie upstate in Attica. THAT is real love
@IAmDonnieAzoff  count me in

gah this is deep
Little bit.
@xkatietownend love u x
It’s tough
Matthew 5:44 

But I tell you, love your enemies 
and pray for those who persecute you,
Idk about that one fam
oh my god d rey 
@amyrosewaters no thanq

Free porn: http://pornhub.com/users/Katception …
Oh shit I already follow you lmao
still hate that Nigga

how
Say it to me @bixi0
I don’t hate you bro!
I know. I just want someone to say they love me!
I love you!
I'm just glad we have something to agree upon: I  me too!
I believe you become what you think. I stifle hate, too negative & destructive. I send out the positivity of love. Makes me feel good inside.
You on drugs?
why.
Tried with 
Clintons; didn’t work.
Joe biden; neither...
Maxine Swamp waters...
Obamas..
Nancy Pelosi...
McCain..
John Lemon..
Jorgito Ramos..

Finally nailed it!
I LOVE them all GONE!!!!
"Extraordinary minds use...radical forgiveness into love..." said @Vishen its the best way to force your brain into the Flow State. @REALunBEARables
this is very hard.
hate is where we go to hide and harden when there is no longer a will to touch, share.
hate is also sometimes learned ... whether from direct experience, trauma, or tradition.
letting go of malice to forgive takes time, distance, bravery
many don't make it home
That's what I just did with you, Kanye. I love you, bro!
Don’t back down Kanye please!
That is the start of "self healing" 
You are very wise #Yeezy
Maybe start by asking yourself why you would even hate someone in the first place?
YESTERDAY YOU LOVE ME AND TODAY YOU HATE ME... EITHER WAY, GOD BLESS YOU
No, go to sleep. X
I love Skip Bay..I love Skip Bayluhhh...I love Skip BayyyyyyahhIII HATE HIS GUTS!! I tried.
why
This is Christianity. 
@realDonaldTrump 
@Franklin_Graham

So Kanye exercising his freedom of speech is “uncalled for” ? Y’all are so hypocritical I swear...  keep doing your thing Ye
I think you should be saying that to Donald Trump.
Nah dawg FDT
Fuck Donald Trump
Aabahaa was
now why the hell would i do that
@VikkiWx Thought of you 
Wow, it's as if Jesus was right.
Plz don’t start this again today 

I love Hitler
Same
Facetime
Not now

Ahhhh....the wisdom behind trump love?
How are you gonna tell us what to think then tell us, "Instead of doing what you feel 
you just do what other people think you should do"
#CONTRADICTIONS
or at least...
it's not worth prison time for!  
I do all the time that’s what keeps me sane in this world
@50cent #getthestrap
I did this with Pres. Obama. I hated what he was doing to America; further dividing black v. white, gay v. straight, male v. female, blurred the line between male and female, but I kept telling myself, I love him more than I would like to see him in hell. So I often prayed 4 him!
Dude you from Chicago..... stop this sh!t
Can you believe there some Christians in here who go to church every Sunday and hear about Jesus and what he was about still be on some hatin shit. Lmaoo wild
What if u hate nobody
I wish that more people will realize that they are being used by the dems. Most liberals are race baiters.
@LazaThompo think of the two rats then come back to me .. 
That's what we are called to do! Spread the love, not the hate. 
I love #kanyewest  

Nope. Can't do it.
I love Kanye west
Is that what you say about you mother in law???
Idk
no thanks
.@kanyewest I LOVE YOU! 
Fuq dat
Preach @DeLaCalleHum
Why don't you tell #Trump to send a tweet showing love for the "victims" of #wafflehouseshooting and James Shaw who risked his life to save others, or how about a tweet showing love for #44 President Obama since ya'll hate him so much #Power #awoke
It’s not working
why would i do that
Nope
““You have heard that it was said, ‘An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.’ But I tell you not to resist an evil person. But whoever slaps you on your right cheek, turn the other to him also. 
Matthew 5:38-39 NKJV
Liiiiike I hear you and I totally understand that when you put hate into the world you get it back, but Trump is someone who perpetuates hate, simply having empathy and love for him does nothing to proactively combat the hate Trump encourages.
I just pictured myself telling a SJW leftie that I love them (while wearing a MAGA hat) and their head exploded in rage and anger.
I used to say:  I hate Trudeau, the best I can do for now is:  I dislike Trudeau a lot. I’ll keep working on it
Matthew 5:44 "But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you;" 

God Bless you Kanye ... GOOD ALWAYS WINS OVER EVIL ...
@Wellsy_07 just try saying you love me
@TravisJonas_  think we can do it 
Im gonna have to give this one a no

This is a version of a very well known and highly esteemed Buddhist meditation.
bro u listened to i dont hate u off basedworld paradise lol
Is that what happened with Trump
I love lamp

ALGUÉM BATE SUA CABEÇA NA PAREDE PRA VER SE VOLTA AO FUNCIONAMENTO NORMAL (não que o funcionamento normal seja muito melhor que isso né) PELO AMOR DE DEUS
Imagining is all it’s gonna be
Lmmmaaooo please stop

Just did it. I don’t hate, but won’t tolerate us a much better word. Look it up 
I love you ketchup
I love you, Kanye
Why
@itsyaboi95 love u
#Ye2020 #loveyourbrother
That explains how you "love Hillary"  I love free thinking Kanye!!

I’m sure your wife does that daily...enough is enough...
I don't like you but I like your music
Hate? I would have to love someone to ever hate them
@SophieeMacleod no
Hj n vai dar
so this is why you called ebro to tell him you love him
AND DON'T EVER FORGET THAT 
i love everyone i hate for the fact they give me constant reminders and examples of everything i don't want to be.
GOD IS GOOD... ALL THE TIME
no
I love you Frieza. I love you Orochimaru.
I love you Kanye (wow that felt good)
@chicagog19 should @Jmo1986 and I try this? 
