Kanye is this generation MLK!
Wrong
Kanye West is just a moooooron
Lol, the Democratic Party now shunning a black man for speaking his mind because it no longer fits their political agendas..... imagine that.....
Emotional are we ? 

Sooo dramatic 
Emotional? No but it is amusing how for the last 50 years the Democrats have praised the Black voters, but now they are ready to publicly destroy the very same people if they decide to think for themselves. It’s all coming full circle.
I just turned democrat 9 months ago ..I was a republican for the last 25 years and a jeb bush campaign volunteer in 2016 ...I don’t even know what you’re talking about ..your little talks on democrats is all new to me ..I’m still learning
Jeb bush part of the establishment 
Jeb bush is EXACTLY what’s wrong with what Washington has become. The day of that style of leadership is over, no matter what Party holds the White House. It’s a new era in politics.
Trump era. Where Dems and Rhinos are showing their true colors. Smh
thank you.
Be free.
Be MAGA.

You do too lol
You mean the settle meant for discrimination in his apartments (settled out of court) He’s mentioned with his Mob ties to how he got his Casino and you forgot but I didn’t TRUMP UNIVERSITY, you forgot about that scam !!
Ugh. Conservatives gonna keep using "slave" and "plantation" because of you.
Your statement alone is racist, Perez! MLK did not march 4 black ppl to belong to one party. Malcolm X vision for Africa Americans was to think for ourselves and not to be used. You tossed out the code word slave! Is that suppose to keep us in line? Are we allow to think?
Us free thinkers love other free thinkers. Its the only way to get shit done.. Its why they keep us divided. They dont want us woke. I will follow anyone with a positive  message. N Idc what color their skin is..
#GreatAwakening
Free thinkers are free people! If nobody own your body - then nobody should own your mind. 
The media should not shape your minds. books, knowledge and the awareness to the facts when we are being used. 
#GreatAwakening

Are you really pressed that he said an architect is a free thinker???? 
Who the fuck is that
puedes parar ya por favor
De verdad que no se que coño se está chutando para decir todas estas sandeces...
Kanye imagine if you had ultimate freedom. 

No manager.
No boss.

Let the blockchain manage the equity in Yeezy. You’ll be unstoppable.
Freed Kanye.
Who the fuck is claudio silverstein
over all is Silvestrin, he use the corrector writing to speed
Well said
iCarly is a legend, we want them in Brazil
how do yall have internet access
paying?
Matei com bondade
Massacrou o racista fã do Trump
nope lol
This is why Beyoncé and Jay-Z won’t let the play dates happen

And yet here you are in this thread you could have been anywhere, but you’re here.
It was my duty as a clear-headed person to let you know
Kanye West is a free thinker
Taylor Swift ended you.
We must don’t have the same definition of « ended » then
We must don’t.
we “must dont” speak 4 languages then and realize English isn’t everyone’s first language???
be self made don't rely on other people to fund your ideas.. is kim paying your half of the rent and picking up tabs when you guys go out?????
Forbes has his net worth at 145 million
He's a great architect. I'm not into minimalism but he is certainly talented.
Stop spam tweeting at Kanye and Kim, nobody likes u.
#Kanye is about to suddenly come down with "health issues" again isn't he?
can't wait for the excuse this time
My guy is not a free thinker!!!! Hahahahaha
Like if you're a trump supporter






Me when I looked up Claudio Silverstein and it wasnt some right nut job telling black pple theres no racism and their poverty is due buying too many Jordans
Funny you used a picture of Denzel because I can almost guarantee he feels the same way as Kanye.
Kanye would you like me to recommend a show or something? Maybe take up arts and crafts?
You could embroider I hear it's quite relaxing




Somehow Russ took a L
Trump 2020 Kanye 2024
Kanye 2028
Do you mean Claudio silvestrin? There is no Claudio Silverstein lmao but the guy who did your loft is Claudio Silvestrin lol
Pizza without ranch ain’t shit
big faxs


Don’t justify a freedom of speech by supporting hate & bigotry
More hate and bigotry comes from the left, don't believe me disagree with one and see how quickly you are hated for stating facts.
Couldn’t agree anymore

you made taylor swift famous
no u
YOU HAVE THE ENTIRE TWITTER IN A FRENZY I ONLY ASPIRE TO BE THAT IMPORTANT AND FAMOUS
Cláudio Muniz é o mais brabo de ramos/vila da Penha
Like for Kanye Followers Only

#MAGA #TRUMP2020
*Claudio Silverstin
cala boca inferno
nudes for money
ACKNOWLEDGE LIL B SIR!
Silvestrin *
you should buy Post Malones album on Friday imo.
Prolly already heard it
buy and stream no tears left to cry by ariana grande on iTunes!
reputation by taylor swift also buy and stream reputation by taylor swift on iTunes!
@KimKardashian  your man is losing  his mind.

And i like it.
Kanye Fan till i die Lol
2005 Kanye wouldn’t recognize 2018 Kanye
Someone help him.
ariana grande is the only artist u can trust... so c’mon down and stream/buy her new latest single: No Tears Left To Cry! now available on all platforms
We get it! Take the L...
Blink twice if the Kardashian’s are holding you captive.

Thanks a million Kanye West , I might not agree with ya all the time,BUT LOVE IS THE KEY ! Much Much Respect I have for YOU as I was typing I couldn't help remembering 2 guys ,that also loved each other fierce competition Larry Bird , Magic Johnson what happened to us? 
Thank you Sir , if it's OK I'm calling you MY BROTHER! Thank you Thank you my granddaughter will thank you , we all should thank you !
you really could’ve spent your focus and influence on an authentic and trustworthy 3rd party politician but you really decided to support Trump. He’s not the only one that’s a “free thinker” Kanye

you had an amazing opportunity and you wasted it 
Ur album flop!!!!
Stop promoting you new album!!
Some people don't feel comfortable enough to think freely because they are poor.
That’s about to end thanks to @kanye #FreeThinker
Taylor Swift ended you
Dragon E > your low e
Kanye, I don't know if you are doing this just for promotion or if you really feel the things you have said lately, but I thank you so much for this. As a Black man we are expected to be victims, and obsess over race. I'm glad more people are waking up thank you
but Loona is better
Das hast du nicht zu entscheiden
claudio is my middle name omg


Since where talking about free thinkers. And reconnect Nicki and Cardi. Can you accept the fact That Beyoncé don’t want to be near your wife  #shesahoe
@JColeNC tried to warn us about Kanye. #FalseProphets
free thinkers
 ○ 
く|)へ
    〉 
 ￣￣┗┓               thought police
 　 　   ┗┓　     ヾ○ｼ
  　　        ┗┓   ヘ/ 　 　 
 　                 ┗┓ノ 
　 　 　 　 　    ┗┓
Fuck you 
Delete this shit asap
MAGA
fist me
So is Claudio Silvestrin.
Kanye, my man. I’m so sorry, and yes, you every right to speak your mind, just like we have the right to disagree with you & choose to never buy your music, brand, or concerts, including Kim’s. Sorry, she’s guilty by association. You guys just shot yourself in the foot.
Can you believe that twitter limited my activity for that comment. Are we living in North Korea?
Where Kim at tonight ? She let you loose on twitter 
Did you mean Shel Silverstein? Totally agree. Where the Sidewalk Ends is my favorite book.

Check out my music Kanye!!! I’m the BIG PUN/ BIG L OF CHICAGO SoundCloud cvo bobby. 
I go by Bobby sagget
claudio quer q vc va se foder
Your idea that embracing MAGA is somwehow a celebration of your free critical thinking abilities is misplaced energy. I see the impulse but your facts and thinking are stuck in the same simulative illogic of fake news. Ur in the desert but alas ur clout masks that.
At least he doesn’t charge for it.
I think you are true to who you are and people are jealous of that.They wish they could speak the way they feel instead of being controlled all the time..I admire you for that as I do anyone who is that way in life as long as they don't hurt anyone..People try to break the free.
Who?
why y'all say Kanye lost followers. Man still has 18.8M followers
keep up the good work and free mind Mr. west. I notice on your comments your "fans" are bashing you. Well not me! Keep it up bro!

Brilliance brother. Love is the key to free us all.
Kanye is cool as long as they agree. Then all the sudden he’s racist (not sure how?) when he shows his opinion differs from what MSM and Dems have enslaved an entire demographic to believe. 

#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #intolerance #Hypocrites #LiberalLogic #LiberalHypocrisy

Forgive the haters "'as they know not what they do"MLK had haters too and he made a huge difference with Uniting All of us with the truth, love & patience 
Free thinker here 
Please check out @jordanbpeterson 

He’s amazing!! 

Someone I think you may really enjoy!
Click on the link I know you will like it 

https://youtu.be/5sIaUu2igUY 
Sir,  white people  supporting you right now are using you to conquer and divide.  White republicans do not care about you or people  of color. They want to use you,  but make no mistake,  they will never let you in the club.
Your children will also be free thinkers one day. For your sake I hope they don’t think you’re an a$$hole.


Imagine the day we can debate #taxationistheft with no Saul Alinsky influence.
Kanye non-stop
Shut up already 
You're a super spaz
Lady Gaga is the queen of pop
He's year of the horse, it's year of the dog his friendly year talk to @Numerologynow and he can educate you!
Somebody's eyes are opening.
Give me a job at DONDA. I will think creatively and make sure you never spell Silvestrin wrong.
There's nothing free about a $12,000 Silverstein dinner table.
STREAM NTLTC
You really need to consider that you don't know what a free thinker is, Kanye.
SARAH SANDERS ANSWERS A QUESTION ABOUT KANYE WEST SUPPORTING TRUMP THEN A REPORTER YELLS OUT "IT MIGHT BREAK THE INTERNET"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIo_7_JsGjo&feature=youtu.be …

PROOF IT'S NOT FAKE NEWS:
(KANYE'S OFFICIAL TWITTER)  https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989227154993963009 …

#KANYEWEST #TRUMP #SARAHSANDERS #NEWS
#KANYE
my MAGA hat is signed  
How can i get some yeezys at retail price
you mean Silverstrin
@oldmanebro is an OLD MAN! PERIOD.
FREE THINKER! #MAGA
*Silverstrin
i'm loving these terms, "free thinker"
lol u misspelled his last name
Stop
Claudio Silverstein is a free thinker TYPE BEAT
I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future. TYPE BEAT 
You're not.
I WAS THE FIRST LIKE ON THIS ONE DANIEL @_SCYANiDE
lol bitch

are u ok
Truth
Shit happens when you date/marry a Kardashian.
“Anti Trump AF”. Kill yourself
Does this mean I’m going to kill myself now? 
Ptdrrrrrrrrrrrrrr j'suis finie
Are you smoking some really good weed that keeps you tweeting so philosophically and dumb??? Dude...you sound about as smart as a box of rocks!
You don’t sound very nice.
When it comes to this big headed fool I’m not!
The golden rule..........
And that means what???? 
-Treat others as one would like others to treat oneself. 
-Do not treat others in ways that one would not like to be treated. 
-What you wish upon others, you wish upon yourself.
Well I’m sure that would pertain to Kanye too so I’m good. Have you ever heard of him not being an ass?? I haven’t. I’m perfectly fine in the way I said things. Thanks!
Doesn't mean sed persons arguments are logical or sound.
Kanye and trump  episode one: bros before hoes
*Silvestrin. Silvestrin is the name you are looking for.

You will watch your stock go way hi Kanye keep up the good work! I promise you will succeed more than you Know! 1
So is Adam Silverstein
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Another homework assignment!
Welp, we know you you don’t, pea brain.
(((Silverstein)))
His last name Silverstein he literally was born in the illuminati
Goalz


Robert got out, Bruce got out, Lamar dipped the f**k out risked his life doing so,Tyga flew out that bitch like speedy Gonzales, Tristan on his way out,Scott been out, is ya time Kanye
so this used up chick got ran thru the industry, pimped out by her moms to rappers,randoms,n players,then after allll them suckas had they turn she decide the only option left was Kanye,that must hurt I feel ya pain brother that’s a real savage u married #BeautyHideTheUgliestEvil
Is Silvestrin, btw.. your NYC apt is the best. U're welcome canie uesst


i am a free thinker
I never paid attention to celebrities too much until Kanye tweeted a firestorm on twitter, never followed the Kardashians...but after his tweet stormIi took notice of this one and I never knew who Claudio was..I'm glad I looked it up...that's some amazing artwork in furniture
You mean Claudio Silvestrin? Bro you lost it

#200Slimes Otw Prod. by #200Hendo @YHhendo  
Who is John Galt?
Your idea of "free thought" is just thinking without information. Doesn't make you a genius. Just essentially some dude in a smoke session. But you keep dancing to sell your album. Lord knows you'll do what it takes to be the one in the house with the masta. Wear a bib
model virtue for our youth by not endorsing a nazi. model intelligence and actually thinking of others and not promoting superficial ideas about 'individuality'. this is about morality,virtue. be good. be brave. be open to admitting yr wrong to support a nazi.
The term free thinker means only 1 thing. You've been bamboozled into thinking you think for yourself yet someone else truly messin wit ya head son
*Claudio Silvestrin
The Tools are going to squeeze you now @Kanyewest Just ask @realDonaldTrump how relentless it is But you can take it and Americans are behind you #MAGA
Kanye is an imbecile 
Claudio Silvestrin?
*Silverstrin
Isn’t everyone s “Free Thinker”  ... this isn’t a new or enlightened concept. .
Kim gave you the phone back and this how you acting 

Come be free on our show bro.  #Kooks4Kanye

I don’t agree with everyone. However I have live for Free Thinkers who aren’t afraid to go against the tide. Those are the people in history who have achieved real progress. Ty Kanye for helping people open their mouths and minds. Need to get #FreeThinker trending Kanye
jewish
You have done more for the African American community with this one statement then Jesse Jackson did in his whole life
Kanye you spelled his last name wrong. It’s Claudio “Silvestrin” not “Silverstein”
watch out for ppl with ei in the last couple letters of their names
But you're a trapped thinker stuck in the dungeon
You are no Prince. No Michael. UR music will never live on after you're gone. No tributes. No Kanye night in the clubs. Gold digger will come on in the future and people will be like oh shit, remember this jam? Remember that wacko Kanye? Didnt he go insane in the end?
Right thats sounds like having Emmanuel working for Chicago .
Maybe you mean open thinker
Or passive thinker. Or something a free thinker don’t have logic which is law - per say
What exactly is free thought? Everything is governed. Sure you can think freely, but what substance does that produce?
Freethinkers don't support racism. You don't have to agree that's what everyone has to say but to agree with a racist says volumes about your character.
If you want to end racism, "Stop talking about it."

https://youtu.be/GeixtYS-P3s 
Silvestrin even
Silverstrin
@claudioPsanchez you were close...
Anyone with (((stein))) in their name I doubt is a free thinker
Free Thinker : There were dinosaurs on Noahs Ark.

There, fixed it for you.
#FreeThinker 
 Free thinking is one thing...This Woman is crazy no connection to reality
His name is Shel dawg
Do you buy chance mean Claudio Silvestrin? Might want to lay off the dragon energy...
Modern architect 
