I couldn’t finish reading.... too painful. My mom died when I was 14yrs old; I’m 55 now and it hurts just like that day. The loss is overwhelming n we only learn to live with it, it doesn’t go away.  A drunk driver took mine.
Whoever laid her FLAT in bed and didn't keep on eye on her may be at fault, but it sounds like she had coffee grounds emesis(vomit) from possible GI bleed. She must have aspirated on her vomit 
WE WANT ICARLY IN BRAZIL RIGHT NOW
Glad you're back! We thought Nevel Papperman had attacked you!
You need help.  The kanye West we all know and love  left the building when he became a Kardashian..
Because he diffeewnt political ideals than you? 
I'm from the UK his beliefs don't worry me or affect me.. but he needs help
But, you say this just now? Why so?
When should I say it
Depends on if you’re only saying it now that he has come out in support of ideals that may be indifferent to your own or how African Americans are “supposed to think” on the political stage.
This isn't politics. Kanye is very clearly manic, lol. The dude needs help. He even admits that he goes into phases where he doesn't see anywhere, he has a name for it but I don't remember what it is. Regardless, he needs help, don't make that political.
I’m not making it political. The ones that “need help” are the ones sending him death threats and calling him a “traitor” or “Uncle Tom” because oh his political stance and who he supports. That IS political, I didn’t make it that.
Wow.
I am pretty surprised you didn't take this letter and use information in it to hurt Kanye as much as possible. Kinda your style.
You can be critical of someone's political beliefs and still be empathetic to their personal trials. I know this is foreign to Trump supporters but believe me it exists among decent people.
I always see this but it just seems like the opposite to me. Once someone sees that a person is a Trump supporter, they automatically see that person differently.
Records also indicate that in 2001, two malpractice lawsuits against Adams ended in judgments of $217,337 and $250,000.[
Doesn’t mean he is responsible for Donda’s death - those records were public and the Wests with all their millions still chose to go to him??
tell Travis to drop AstroWorld
I LOVE KANYE
what the fuck is this
A beautiful photo of a sexyyyy human 
#iwanttoeatDaddddddyyytrumpsAssASAP!!!!!!!!

No offense to Adams, but he has multiple DUI arrests, malpractice lawsuits, and has had his license revoked on more than 1 occasion. Does this not show what kind of doctor he is?
With all his money Kanye could have chosen a surgeon with a better reputation, just like he could have funded better aftercare. Adams’ other ‘crimes’ or accusations do not make him guilty of Donda’ s death. He doesn’t deserve to have his name dragged into this drama at will.
Gauging from the letter, there is apparent lack of empathy for the deceased/bereaved. No love.

He is just attempting to deflect blame on everyone, when he was the operating surgeon, she died immed post Op & was assigned (in writing) to no other doctor when she died.
No he is not, he is trying to promote an album. This is flat out disguising. The Adams is right, if he really was about what he said he wouldn't have to do all this.
Am I the only person who notices he said he will START healing? After all these years. Log off and sort your shit out man.
He's waking you up people 
Your attitude is truly Christlike. I don’t know if I would have reacted so generously myself.  This is a great example of virtue from which we can all learn.
I was a democrat until I learned the Truth.

Democrats lied to you

FIRST BLACK CONGRESSMAN 

WERE

REPUBLICANS
Yes they were "conservative" who aligned with the Republician party. We honor their service. FYI they were all from the South.

Another fun fact. The Congressional Black Caucus tried to get their photos removed from congress. Even hide them in the basement at one point.
You know that many of those who identify as Republican today would *not* have identified as Republican in the mid/late 1800s and early 1900s right? Also, you do know there were notable splits in both the Republican and Democratic parties (much more notable than now)?
How do you know that? How can you claim to know how they would aligned? You can't. Most of the major splits happened in the Dem party in the 1960's. When the Dixiecrats held their own convention. Nothing matches that in the replublican party.
I can't speak for all black people only myself but it is offensive to my intellect and integrity that you assume: 1) I am ignorant of the party politics of this country, 2) am so weak minded that I cannot make a judgement for myself who best represent me & mine 3) that you STILL
Know better than me what is best for me. Don't teach me my history. That I had to research cos it's not taught in schools. Don't tell me what my great-great grandfather or mother would have done during reconstruction to justify your RACIST bs of today. I bet between you and me

yay
Sketchy

John 14:6 “I am the way, the truth and the life , no man comes to the father but by me “ -Jesus
Why would you want to sit with this man?
There’s not enough love in the world to make someone be able to forgive this man!!
Seriously. Cease using my face?? Ok bye!
This is proof that time and communication are the two major factors in the healing process of nearly every element in life. I hope both parties can continue a dialogue.
Kanye doesn't want dialogue he wants to sell albums. he could have easily reached out to the man but chose to post his picture online in reference to his album. GROSS to use such a tragedy like this.
On the one hand, really happy that Kanye can get closure and Adams can get closure. On the other hand, that letter doesn’t feel like the right time or place to recount all of those details.
I say that as someone who had both parents die from cancer that reached terminal levels due to questionable medical decision making.
I feel you and am sorry for your loss. But being wrongly accused of someones death is a really really heavy burden to carry. I freakout when people mistakenly think I left the lights on at work, I can only imagine the nightmare he lives with.
Good point!
Consider also that the only reason for the Open Letter was Kanye defined love+ forgiveness as using an unsavory pic of the doctor accused, but not convicted, of his mother's death to sell his music for profit

#DragonEnergy comes w/a twisted sense of demonstrating love v pride.
It seemed well intentioned but also problematic, agreed.
Classic Kanye mode, in other words...
Classic Kanye doesn't have the budget to be sued for Ye fashion income, real estate rental property +whatever possessions he has that is not also in Kim's name. Tying his mom's death to an album cover of Jan is a 'money move' until it becomes a defamation lawsuit #ThatIsAll
The world can unite through positive, principled explosions of collaboration!
BS!This "dr" has blamed everyone but himself. The way I see it everyone is at fault. Ms. West had multiple surgeries and should've gone to aftercare. Should not have mattered what she said. I feel ur pain man. I wanted to snatch the soul from my dads dr. Cause he lied but I also
But she left. No one can make you stay in the hospital if want to leave.
Yes but I'm just thinking the procedures should have never been done..
I agree. That's what's so sad about it.
It’s good that u wanna heal but we don’t need to hear this shit. This shit is personal homie- keep it like that
My dad got beat to death with a baseball bat and the murderer got off. Justice was never served. I never for my retribution. You're a bigger person than I Ye. I don't think I could ever forgive.
ah nao desce a mão na cara dele
Crazy follows crazy.
Dear Lord, you took so many of Kanye's people why does he NOT UNDERSTAND?
#BlackLivesMatter
Somethings are not appropriate for Twitter.... this is one of them! Heal privately....Your mother deserves more than a tweet!
it's not up to you to tell him how to heal
if this is the way he feels best equipped to heal, that's what he'll do.
But he can tell us how to think!?

As a mother I think some things should be private....all I am saying

I'm speechless

Wow, this is so hard to read. I can just imagine how difficult it must be for your as her son. Loosing a parent must be one of the hardest things you can encounter. My heart goes out to you. Stay in peace within yourself because I’m sure she’s resting in peace. 
Wow Kanye this is AMAZING! There’s so much freedom and power in forgiveness. I pray that the lord heals your heart and blesses you for having the kind, loving heart that you have. 
kanye make ur mom proud and denounce trump
This is really something that should be kept private and not put on twitter for the public to see. Y’all someone needs to help this man 
P.S. I'm a Registered Nurse
Kanye,
You will be loved by Liberals as long as you do exactly what they tell you to do. Step out of line and you will feel their "love and acceptance" of free thinking.


I know y’all didn’t read all that
I did i wanna know wassup
Good for you
Thanks 
Why are you posting this Kanye?  A personal letter posted on Twitter?  All ego, no "healing".  It's so obvious.
It's a open letter.  Meant to be seen by everyone
Posting your personal business on here is a mental disorder. Why on earth you want to share something so personal unless you looking for a pat on the back because you're so "forgiving"
Look up the definition of "open letter"
may you find peace. i am sure your mother has. you seem to love her so much. As a mom, all i can say is that love reflects the fact that she did a good job raising you. sending my love. 
That's amazing man the power of Twitter @kanyewest you deserve to heal there is no timeline or schedule for HEALING!
Why you come on here once a year for validation smdh
That was nice of him to share that info tell em I said thanks
basically, he's like, "It ain't my fault."
Why did I just hear that in Silkk the Shocker voice?!?
“Did I do that”. There was a beat behind it and everything!!!
Don’t look back-only ahead!! Get “Donda Social” going. You must turn your grief & hurt & pain into something positive and at the same time honor your Mom. That’s how you truly “overcome”. Good luck!! God Bless
The Democrats fooled you and used you for votes. Soon they won’t need you anymore because they’ll have plenty of illegals voting for them 

Why do you think the democrats want open borders and welfare for illegals?
I’m not American & don’t care about Democrats either way, but you should know that photo is from a funeral in Madison, Wisconsin and not the 1924 Convention. Lies don’t help your plight.
I might add that pre-1965 Dems were the more conservative party while Repubs were liberal. So the KKK members in the picture would have been modern day Republicans
Would you be willing to House some asylum seekers?
Obama deported more illegals than any other sitting president according to politofact and many other sources.
Oh he’s a racist then
We're happy to coordinate you and Jan Adams here at @TheBlastNews so you can sit down together and move forward
Yo Kanye, you’re strong man . Proud of you , that’s a hard letter to read . My mom died a few years ago and I couldn’t imagine someone sending me this . I know this doesn’t mean much coming from a regular person but you’re in the healing process and you’re not alone 
My heart breaks for both of your losses. But I do have to say Kadeem you are not just a “regular person” you are just as special and as strong as Kanye! We are all equals. Much love my friend 
Thank you Victoria, it's honestly healing me to know I'm not alone in my thoughts and situations and that millions of people are actually healing from this conversation. Thank for the kind words
Of course! We’re all in this together 
Y'all been dogging this man out all these years.  His life was ruined over something that wasn't his fault. Smdh
Kanye is blaming the Dr.  but where was Kanye for his mother's after care?

@JOLS7ER lol
Let total healing begin...my thoughts and prayer.
#BeMadeWhole
Hope you and Dr Adams start healing. I felt so emotional while reading this. Sad , sad, sad on all levels. Wish you all the best.
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl
I'm kinda glad things played out like this Kanye, wasn't looking forward to seeing that guys face TBH but the concept of forgiveness I like
You and Trump are both great entertainers #MrKardashian ! #meepmoop
I am sorry with all the problems your mom then why did he do the surgery?
Damn bro
"From a surgical standpoint the operation was a success"

Not true.

That conclusion has to be made by "the most imp person in this story, Donda West" (or her proxies).

Surg operates on people, not on belly/breast/fat; surgical success only if optd person lives to tell
Death is One of the outcomes in all surgeries, and not unknown in a 5hr multi organ op

For healing, it may be important to assist @kanyewest in the process of bereavement (varies person to pers), rather than crowd his conscience with surgical self-defense seasoned with legalese.
Take the lip ring out and relax
Case closed. Hopefully all can move on as best you can.

Eh, Jan Adams, word of advice: you probably should stay only in crowded public places if you ever decide to sit with Kanye.
Just like Conrad Murry was blamed for Michael Jackson.
No, nothing like Conrad Murray.  Dr. Murry's only job was to monitor MJ while he slept.  He was not qualified for the job and failed.
Damn another thing you were 100% wrong about? Wild
y’all fr check out my shit lol
@BrendanSchaub facts
Mr West, I am not gonna commend you for taking sides...I would  like to commend you for trying to pull Americans back together...LOVE DEFEATS EVIL
♡

We need glasses wtf c/o 1977
*CHRIS ROCK VOICE : WhWho who taught you how to market yourself and album right before it comes out

Kanye: Kimmy taught me
He really doesn't need to promote his album in this way.  This is sincere and why would he try to promote an album aligned with trump knowing half his community gets their news from baller alert and hate trump. Doesn't make sense.  Try again.
Conspiracy antennas tingling: the cult out in Cali perverted all the facts and probably had involvement in his mother’s death. Kanye is trying to use the public as protection as he faces the enemy head on.
After reading this letter as a nurse, I somewhat have an idea of his mother’s death. Dr. Adams is right about elevating a patient’s head after surgery.  Elevation of the head prevents aspiration from anesthesia right after and also couple after the surgery.
The reason for this is because the is at risk for aspiration even when gage reflex returns the next day.  This is also done to prevent clots from traveling to the heart, which is very much possible considering she had a liposuction, tummy tuck, and breast implants.
The letter mentioned "reduction".
Your mission is to name 1 good thing democrats did for black America. Go.
amazing.
KEEP HEALING BRO! 1LOVE
It’s really hard to truly forgive when they themselves hold on to hate. Uplift your soul and know your momma with her creator . Love always
I’m just going to sit this here  https://www.google.com/search?q=black+republican&rlz=1CDGOYI_enUS792US792&hl=en-US&prmd=nvi&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjTqsiMtOPaAhVPh-AKHc9eCQQQ_AUIEygD&biw=375&bih=591&dpr=2#imgrc=oXYQmqZf8LzmDM …:
Wow! I Hope Kanye finds closure and healing esp from his wife, children and all those who love him Being an only child and losing the only parent you knew can mess you up.
Can we get the entire letter ??
R.I.P. Donda West 
I wrote a feature film about you Kanye please take a look
I WROTE A KANYE BIOPIC. READ IT HERE:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2ghLnkMA4pVTFBDVkM3QnZicHc … 
The luxury of stupidity: "As long as I do not know, I am free to believe what I want."
Step 1: produce mediocre new single. Step 2: ally yourself publicly with the most hated and divisive figure worldwide since Hitler. Step 3: continue twitter rant/unstable declarations  Step 4: use familial tragedy to promote your brand. Operation Narcissist nearly complete.
I’m shocked Kanye doesn’t mind all of these details being on display.  I would be furious...
@xNatali33x
Damn
Sigh. This should be private.
So many haters these days, heal  man heal, nobody knows loss like a family member. They are turning against you, but you have a lot of support from people you wouldn't of thought, freedom of expression is a gift we are given here in AMERICA, some places it's not free.
There is no in the world who will love you more than your mother,a piece of my soul died along with my mom when she decided her work was done here in this universe , the pain, the absence,never goes away we just learn to live with it. A mothers dream is that we lead with love
Are you serious!!!
You are a big man for showing this level of forgiveness. I can’t say I could do the same. Respect. 
I don't see the kindness in putting this man's photo on your album cover. I know you're hurting brother but why do this on such a public stage? Then again, I'm not in your shoes, so who am I do judge.
Maybe put some of this shit in your diary, Kanye. You can't reveal every aspect of your life to 50 million idiots online then freak out when you can't get a minute of peace/people are all up in your shit. Attention or peace of mind?  Choose wisely.
open. letter. It was never sent directly to him to begin with. He saw it on the blogs like everyone else
But then tweeted it. I wouldn't have seen it if not for that.
Too long did not read
Lol 
The letter needed to be written. This doctor has been dealing with his own burden and deciding to feature his face on an album cover would have caused many issues, and possibly misinformation, to resurface. He obviously wanted to make sure all facts were told. As you would if him
So sorry for your loss but admire your willingness to forgive and heal. 
I am happy for you for getting this sense of Some closure
Loved 
That’s some deep shit . I am in awe of your level to forgive
Open letter to @kanyewest   follow @PyrocynicalTV
#World
This don’t make sense.....
Cause with my family we know we know where home is
And so instead of sendin' flowers, we the roses
This is a sad letter

It must have been such a shock
happening at a time when your mom would have been happy about this surgery

I am so sorry for your loss

Wow WOW Jus read diss so sad but LOVE will prevail
Omg how impressive you have a big heart
People with real talent have no need to praise a racist or use the memory of late mother to sell a song. Shame on you
Kanye would have had access to all this info years ago via his attorneys.
Put me on your album cover
GOAT
How horrible this is to your mom’s memory. Your loss is unfathomable, but it’s not always about u. Respect her dignity for crying out loud.
IDK what’s wrong with you Kanye, but do yourself a favor and keep it among friends, family and professionals until you work it out.
Wow
Please get some help. I worry about you, seriously
Let the healing begin 
What he says is worth checking out for yourself.  Screw what everyone else says. This was your Mom, man! You deserve to know the truth.
I am sorry your mom passed away Kanye, I cannot imagine the pain. I pray you have and get the peace and healing that you need. 
You can go back & forth for the rest of your life about this & not hurt anyone but yourself or you can let it go & forgive & FREE yourself to live a life that’s full of love & laughter-something Donda would want you to do. Don’t torture yourself anymore. Make her proud. 

This ain’t right.
WOW.
Evangelicals Evangelicos Pastors Ministers CristianosJesus Iglesias Misiones #MAGA #EndTimes #UltimosTiempos #QAnon #TheGreatAwakening #Media #noticias #Persecution #Persecusion #EndDACA #Trump
You know what's sickening about this letter...is that he's put the situation back on trial!! Nobody asked him anything about the case, @kanyewest just said he wanted to get past the anger, that will never happen when the other party believes he did no wrong. Kanye let him go!!!
Deep
I wish I wasn’t murdered for a purse
You’re forgiven for your hate-filled heart
Isn't this a breach of patient client privilege, and why operate on someone with heart disease,he should have http://declined.It  was heartbreaking to read these details, callous on the surgeon's part to post it.His reputation was already in question from past malpractice.
I'm 40. You're messing w my sleep patterns now.
Oh. I feel so badly for you. I think there are a lot of us that have lost someone close where we have pointed fingers at this Doc or that Person. What matters is truth, but not to excruciating detail of events, but that God wanted her home. Right then. Hoping that healing begins.
This is brilliant for all involved it clearly shows everything coming in effect to “Love Everyone” perfect promo as well as healing.

https://twitter.com/0161gg/status/990856933753212929?s=21 …
2/3 ...financial stranglehold the Democrats have had on most urban blacks for the past 50 years.
I'm not worried about President Trump getting assassinated. I'm worried about Kanye West getting assassinated. Think about it. If he is successful in persuading even 10-15% of our
what this sounds like to me, a person whom can’t take accountability on their part of your mother’s passing. Sounds narcissistic actually. I applaud you for speaking your truth. You stand for something which is better than nothing. I’m sry about your mom :(

I am going to pray for you because you are hurting.  I can't imagine what it must be like to have lost your mother and I feel for you. Its not your fault that she is gone.  Get rid of the king head avatar, and ask god to give you peace and be still.
Let someone perform a surgery on your mom and her die shortly after that.. logical or not you’re going to blame the surgeon. And however he needs to get that hurt out I’m here for it. Until you bury a child or a parent you don’t know what’s it’s like to question what everything
Keep fighting , it’s working! Don’t let anyone surpress your free thought. It’s not hurting anyone
Is @kanyewest up for a trade yet?
Yeah.... Idk why you keep making all of this public dude.
Wonder if this is the same cousin who stole your laptop

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
I teared reading this.
I'm confused
@Leanneelsayed
Amazing my brother @kanyewest #LoveHealsAll
Wow! This is truly amazing! This is exactly how healing begins! Communication... I’m so glad u were able to receive this gift of answers to so many questions u have probably had. Its so amazing that you are in a place to receive healing! sending blessings and healing vibes!
Kayne is trash. Don't support his antics
Heartbreaking.
Ye might not *necessarily* need Jan's permission to use the photo. The photo is a mugshot, and is in the public domain. Which law enforcement agency took the photo, and where they took it, could determine whether or not he could use the photo commercially.
https://www.newmediarights.org/put_mugshot_it_things_think_about_using_mugshots_commercial_products …
IM THE NEXT CULTURE BRUH BRUH!
Part2: TEAM KANYE THROUGH THE WIRE! THE MEDIA BUILDS THESE SOULS UP TO TEAR THEM DOWN!
seems kinda like your business not ours
Some that live in the past stay there, live there fight there, like a wrap sheet that defines all people 4ever.
U have the 4site2 put past mistakes by all in2 history books & now focus on all our futures. great u r already years ahead of current thought, Free thought, visionary
I know exactly how this feels Kanye. I have so many questions abt my moms surgery that ended her life in 4 days,but my lack financial resources doesnt allow my questions to ever be answer. So im trying to heal blindly. May you continue your healing. Take your time.
How did your mom pass away?
This is so very painful. Prayers for your healing @kanyewest. Life is so precious. Negativity, anger. These are cancerous. 
Right answer @kanyewest
Very sad situation; sorry for your loss.  As a nurse, when your mom complained of chest tightness an ambulance should have been called. Statistically women symptoms of a heart issue isn’t as readily recognized as when a man has heart issues.  Very sad situation all the way around
Thats really awesome I remember the day I heard of your mothers passing I was driving to Long Beach on the 405 listening to the radio and breaking news, they played your song right after. My heart broke for you. You have done great things and she is very proud of u I am sure.
redrum
One of the saddest things I've read in a long time
Get out of the public eye and get help!
Im so sorry ye 

But please take her peace in notice i pray for your energy
It's only one way to help narrow-minded people like West!  Stop buying his sh*t!  Stop going to his concerts!  Let's see if Master Trump will attend...

Grief is very powerful but don’t try to change the past.its better to move forward
Definitely feels like lawyer talk
I remember listening to your mom on a local Boston radio show interview back in '05 and was struck by her role as your manager and mom and how proud and in tune she was with you. I was pregnant with my daughter on my way to an OB appt and maybe that's why memory stayed with me.
Here might be a novel idea. How  about honoring your mom with your album rather than make it about the wrongful acts of the doctors or just another publicity stunt? Your mom is proud of you & honoring her would make her even more proud of you. Just a different approach. 
Is this the first time they talk about what happened?
Right?? It happened over  10 years ago. Was the Dr’s side of the story not brought up in court?

now I just want an albun all these other things are yours to deal with
