Nice #publicitystunt bruh!
@_gsohn_
Yes,this is key and a must. I remember you both from Las Vegas 
I'm happy to see that because I'm so over this BS about you supporting Trump this is America you can support who the f*** you want to support what do you think of the black people are going to join you no over it
Nigga rarely smiles and he's doing so here.  Damn.  Bless up
One of them can sing. The other one has to autotune every attempt at a melody in his "music"
He's not a singer tho....
#kanyeisahack
That's what it's all about
they need blotting sheets why are their noses so oily
Agree to disagree, a great Divine Love tool @kanyewest @AyandakhumaloDj
Sayladykeyz

We are both rich so none of this effects our lives in a dire enough way to make us reflect on it for more than a day. Have fun eating shit poors and definitely don't organize and do any kind of collective action that effects bottom lines bc that would make us actually upset
I’m looking forward to @kanyewest next tour...Should be called “The Love Connections” or “Love Thy Neighbor” that would be dope! #Yeezy also I need to be one of those 160 job positions. Better yet I want a to be a Yeezy franchisee owner in Phoenix AZ...speak into existence. 
John Legend use the flash  
they gonna get @johnlegend next
They probably already got him 
That’s what I thought after I posted it but didn’t want to delete it....I mean his wife is........never mind...
Lol shadeeee lol  
We all know John Legend thinks he's a White Man 
Agree with a message of unity but we do not live in a post-racial society. Also agree with @BlackSocialists ... "but people are dying". The economic side needs to be opened up too. Investigative reports show car, home and student loan discrimination for black and brown people
JL why was your wife in the back eating cake lol  did you get her pregnant
who the F cares...?
friendship is when you accept each other even though you have a different opinion. Life would be boring if we all thought alike.
Agree to disagree is a 
loosèrs coward way out 
Man up Black up and say you got it wrong
John fada
Before that if I was @johnlegend I would have made you agree that you would never publicly post my private texts again. No lovefest until that goes down.
When the struggles of the people don’t really matter because you both ridiculously rich. @johnlegend
The media is trying to portray Kanye West as a villain for supporting Trump. When the truth is life is complicated and someones political beliefs shouldn't stop you from being friends with someone.
That is until you put him on blast by showing the world his text to you.
John is like the avatar right now,  he's the only one who can save Kanye
Nope. That would be Jesus.


Glad that you guys can see passed to mess, but won’t be tuning in or supporting anything you do. You lost a fan. Wish you the best. Get Help.
Gained more than he lost...and better quality fans. Go away.
His New Fan Base
@_maxxxc thought that was u on the left lol
Man F Kanye. Leave him alone he wants the Attention so he can make more money on bashing black people. That’s not a good way
Brainwashed
No but the truth hurts doesn’t it
Truth? If thats what you want to call it, but feom where I stand the only truth I see feom your tweet is the @kanyewest and @sweetmak. That's the only truthful part. Otherwise I would have to say do some research you will see the dems did all the racist B.S. Trump is  #MAGA
Lol. And you told me I’m brainwashed. Smh.  ok. I will let you take this one and look crazy. No time for ignorant people. Oh yeah didn’t one of your so-called conservatives say they don’t need an education? LOL case in point. Ignorance is bliss woman!!!
I dont pick side I think for myself thank you. You see evil can take on any side it wants... Meaning? They are not Democrats or Republicans they are pure and simple Evil, Vile, and Money Hungry Soldiers of the one they sold their souls to for Money and Fame. #freethinking #MAGA
Not for long the left will get johnny boy and his alt left wife back on the program of hate very soon!
Kanye always the bigger man.
@natisantop legends
Hey man, what the .............................. is with you and that freaking prejudice ass Donald Trump?
Did ya'll smoke one before this picture? lol 
This picture demonstrates everything amazing about Kanye. Disagree but love anyway.

Yeezy forever, thank you.
why john legend look 19
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
So far, most past & current indicators point to some degree of mental illness regarding West.

Sign some artists, help out by giving more opportunities while you do whatever else you do.
Thank you! I have friends that have completely different political views than I do. And it's totally ok. Stop letting the media, whether it is left or right, dictate your social setting!
God Bless America Land that I love. Left or Right its time to Unite. Be brave be strong but let love carry you on.
That’s what makes America so great. You don’t have to agree on everything to get along! Love the love!
@kanyewest @chancetherapper @johnlegend
A letter to Kanye Omari West. Over his own beat. 
that’s good, I chuckled last night while watching @johnlegend & @chrissyteigen enjoying the roast of #DonaldTrump
John is toxic to America and to the black community, His constant lies about our President is disgusting and he should be ashamed of himself. He is abhorrent.
@johnlegend avoid the Kayne taint. Our community suffers and he chose to associate with the most vile hateful man causing the pain. Kayne is an “Ass”.
@johnlegend needs to apply that to the rest of America that he doesn’t agree with either. Learn tolerance & respect of others opinions & differences.
Notification: *three picture attached*

Text from girl: "Make sure no one's around when you open this, and DONT SHOW ANYONE!"

*me opening it*:
glad u guys r ok 
The caption:  Were just ordinary people
You have a lot of patience. I couldn't handle the whining both he and his wife subject the world to.
#ClintonFoundation donations?
#SpiritCooking Legend event coordinator
#HRCVideo 
#Pizzagate  is not about love 
Keep up the awesome work Cara ! 
Thank you Mathew I feel I'm all alone here sometimes dangerous place to be on this topic #TogetherStronger
We don't f around truth always comes out #Savechildren for realJust a reminder 26,000 #SealedIndictments/donations to crooked Hillary are going to prison/Peace love May 
Usher &  Kayne mmmm...
Love is great, but you still on the plantation John....West left the plantation.....
Something smells fishy here.
@hoggy_c

No doubt!!
Wow amazing voice 
Thanks manLove Hohn legend. Appreciate the comment!
John legend is never aging !
LOVE IT!!!
This is dumb. He might be smiling, but he’s hurting for Kanye and he’s being too nice imo. Then again, Kanye doesn’t owe me or anyone shit & also idgaf. 
I'm so glad you guys are friends. It's not easy having and keeping friends in this business.
Kanye getting ripped apart showin @realDonaldTrump support. Black Ppl can’t support conservative ideas? Diff opinions are imp, they create emotion, Emotion creates Art, Art saves Lives! Thank u @Madonna 4 ur Art/Emotions #musicsavedmylife thanks @kanyewest
Legends!!!! <3 <3
Funny when people in ur face they are all smiles...
Just a pair of talented musicians.
OMG UR SMILING
Why are u always so busy trying to prove something to someone? Maybe therapy or a spiritual retreat can help u get back on track. U NEED TO SUBMIT TO GOD, the one true God. Your issue is that u behave as though u are God yourself, which is FALSE and always leaves u unfulfilled.
Really??????
Us,jg
But for real though.... How do I get dragon energy?

Individuals ought to be able to have different opinions without it meaning they automatically become enemies for life. Freedom of speech means little if you are too afraid to use it for fear of those who disagree.

love your neighbor as yourself...
Kanye has good teeth.  The other guy not so good teeth.
Though not a fan of the music, I am a huge fan of @johnlegend and @chrissyteigen for generous work they do. I'm appalled at the misinformation Kanye is allowing. The right are not your friends. Dig deep and research the current Republican party. They are not who they were.

Whose political alignment affects his or her survival in the Western world? I’m not rich at all and yet my positions have evolved without consequence to my existence. Can you be more specific?
Disagree indeed

anything republicans have done to take a stand against racism in, say, the last 100 years?
I didn't see black people tweetin or reachin out to @kanyewest when be blasted Bush Jr. But the man say something positive about Trump and y'all ready to kill the man. Daz Dillinger told all the xrips in Amerikkka to kill Kanye when they see him... Let that nigga do his thang.
What is the rapper that called out the Crips on Kanye
Shame on him
Esheeee awumdaka ebusweni Kanye
I agree
Agreed this is the foundation of Etiam Tu. http://etiamtu.com 
Love it!
You look really HAPPY here!!!
Thats great but JL is the daddy.
John is a very smart man and understands what is good and right. Anything that involves Trump is  utterly wrong and you are wrong to support him!
No love for hateful evil people
Ya interesting to see JL at old Comedy Central Trump roast in 2011. 
Ump you & ya WIVES
Oh....John you are the epitome of the Democrat plantation, only because you and your wife think so gorgeously in lock-step. and (think the whip them).  Stop trying to be super cool with the "DemoSlave" party....you 
GUYS will  never be the party of "LINCOLN" ...keep trying though
Love!
Seriously! I'd be ok with this if his comments weren't so race-baiting and hate promoting! Nasty what @johnlegend said and with his platform his words have power! He's abusing his power! His comments were NOT fact based they were only hate based! God doesn't like UGLY!
Yes, that shows character, and maturity
The power of music always got Love.. nice picture 

 
BLACKSTARX - CATALINA on YOUTUBE 

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eye0g4qIqFo … 
Now if only you can get him & his wife to have the same “love” and respect for people who disagree with him!
I love independent thinkers Kanye you the man!
.
And find something we agree on too XD
U R A DISAPPOINTMENT COMPLETE SELLOUT
AINT NEVER BUYING ANOTHER KOONYE WEST CD HYE DONT NEED MY MONEY I RATHER GIVE 2 BLACK LIVES MATTER
WAKE UP MR WEST U HAVE REALLY SOLD OUT I THOUGHT U LOVE BLACK PEOPLE GUESS U CAUGHT UP IN THE HOLLYWOOD LIFE COMPLETE SELLOUT KOONYE WEST
Smiley :)
Face is  beautiful perfect for modeling.I liked this. If you live in USA and want to part time or full time modeling/ fashion job apply now and submit your resume.Once You're done i will go ahead and give you a phone call.

Clik here http://www.actorneed.com 
Legend is on the wrong side of the zeitgeist
To much hate over honest feelings and perceptions. We all come from so many different walks of life. So sad to see Americans hating eachother over opinions. 99% don't have any true evil beliefs yet we all cause eachother of exactly that.
#americans
You have too.
LOVE conquers All, as long as we got love, we got it all! Let go! Let GOD!!
I wouldn’t trust him. He is so hate-filled towards President Trump. Can’t trust hate.
I wish everybody else on both sides could follow suit.
Wow. Now your thinking!!!
@johnlegend - @larissajchen upset u letting urself be a sucker like this 
Dude looks so lost but that's jus me
Agreed


Rich people (regardless of race) have the privilege to "agree to disagree" on politics because their class has catapulted them into a space where their political alignments don't necessarily affect their survival anymore.
@al_naturali
Us
Yo whats good wit dat Spoken Word album homez!?! I got dat good poetry man!

No one is a prophet in their own land. - Luke
Baby  I'm coming
legend with legend
Maybe. YOU still support this, though.............
Nothing personal but he is weak and his wife is a bully! But kudos for the song "Do you wanna ride" after that he wasn't the same.
Maybe @johnlegend will stop hating those  who disagree with him on Trump & start letting us all be free-thinkers & not try to change us.. 
We don’t have to hate those whom we disagree with!!! Set the example for LOVE 
Agree for publicity you mean.
The only way to do it. No hate, just a difference of opinion. 
Muchlove

THEY ARE ACTUALLY MEANING THAT THE BROWN PEOPLE ARE BLACK AND THE YELLOW PEOPLE ARE WHITE BECAUSE i KNOW THAT MY PUPILS ARE BLACK SO i GOT TO BE LUMPED INTO BLACK AND i WAS RAISED ON WELFARE AND GOVERNMENT CHEESE SO THIS IS WHAT THEY WANT THAT IS WHY GOD IS ON OUR SIDE CERTAINLY!
i THINK YOUR OUT OF THIS wORLD AND BETTER OFF FOR IT BECAUSE YOUR WITH gOD ALWAYS i FEEL AND I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW MUCH IT MEANS TO ME THAT MY AND YOUR DREAMS ARE GOING TO CONTINUE TO COME TRUE....LOOK KNOT GUILTY AND NOT GUILTY,HOW MANY BROWN PEEPS WOULD THAT SAVE AND SET FREE!!!
That’s how it should be! Unfortunately people have forgotten how to be tolerant and to accept different points of view!
Pedo to the left.

U know why u can laugh about it & take this pic @johnlegend ? B cuz his horrible policies & hate speech hasn't DIRECTLY effected u and ur family.
Wise words from a wise man
I agree with Kanye #FreeThought #FreeSpeech
@johnlegend knock him off of your radar. you can't pick or choose your family, BUT you get to pick and choose who your friends are.  dump Kanye 

#KanyeWestIsOverParty
I'm sure you disagree with #SpiritCooking right? #Adrenochrome #PedoGateNews #Luciferian
You gotta love and agree to disagree my man. Let go of the silly and get on with life.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVmAcULPMu4 …

The more you entertain these bizarre ideas the more damage they do only to you.
Amen Too all the  families & friends at the kitchen table..Agree to disagree..& leave it at that..
Nice LA LA fake
Photoshop. Lol
1 kare 2 kişi 1 adam
Agree to disagree is what people with no morals or principles say.
all I see

Ok Clayton Bigsby.
Unfollow him John.


Cool
No one knows how to do that anymore...sad, very sad!
That’s ok Kanye fuck !! What people think 
John you came to the ediot rescue but did you  both know that there are real black lives you both are playing with. This is being played out on the international airwaves black people need more respect instead of your stupidity. You are supporting the dumming of America.
You should stop licking your lips .. its gross
The parallels here are crazy
rare picture of kanye smilling. Leave a like for good luck
Pedo besties?
http://drop.a.song .together.  back to cruel summer 

When u tryna hit and she is tired 
I can get with this. You are lucky to have friends like him.
You can love him and should but don't forget about trust. When a man provokes a mob to go against your mental health, does he love and care for you. Love your enemies but recognize them. He needs to hide his darkness but those woke know about it.

Racist John no Legand ca=n compromise but only with blacks. SO racist.... hate white people like our amazing President who is grat for all races.... racist john legend thought do not matter. he is nothing, always has been nothing and always will be.... #maga #trump
I can’t stop seeing John Legend as Arthur now smh
Oh my word, you better think. You have been in this industry long enough to know who he is. You have kids now,would you serve them up to these people? Let them watch your kids ? Think about that one .
I agree knowing Kanye’s REAL political stand point on the trump administration
John Legend:
