Send iCarly and Taylor Swift to Brazil!
You guys just sit around all day spamming his Twitter?

Seems... Odd... To say the least.
For sure u aren’t Brazilian to say this thing. U don’t understand how we need iCarly
You still don't know who you are.
And you are who?? You work at Hilton ?
He copied off of Paris Hilton but used Perez instead b/c he was the queen of mean back then til he hopped onto the Hollywood train but ended up Z-LIST anyways to keep him quiet!   Mario's truth!
i just wanna die

hey so

you feeling okay?
yeah mannn Ye has never been better, he's spreading love. 
Or this is a cry for help and he's suiciding in the next month, hopefully the first one
You should refrain from making jokes about suicide.  It's  nothing to make fun of.   j/s
umm

i genuinely think he was being serious considering kanye’s mental state.
You keep saying we when you mean you bruh
No. He’s speaking for others too who feel the same as him who don’t have a voice like he does.
No, he is now being used by ppl that made a lifetime of ridiculing him for speaking out ON OUR BEHALF... And now very same people endorsing him to sing thier song and he's too ego driven to realize it. Thinks he's bigger than every "issue" or "idea"... Hes just a man.

Y'all, making fun of "the other side is the opposite of what Kanye has been saying" 

I love you, but you aren't being wavy rn 
You're trying too hard to be deep. It's ok
You're not deep enough.
Peace, love, freedom, and Bitcoin Kanye.
KardashianWestCoin, I can see it now Ye. It would be huge and you could tokenize your entire array of businesses. Who wouldn't want to invest in the empire being built by you and your wife? #WETAKINOVA #Bitcoin #Crypto
Ain’t that the truth Yeezy? We’ve got to let loose again. We have been so fearful to show our true selves with fear of retribution and exclusion.
It’s a damn shame. Society has now manufactured otherism. I get a kick of all these hipsters who are hipsters to be unique, not realizing that they’re all the same thing just trying to be different. Even trying to be different is now the same!
Do u have a single original thought bro !!!
Wig
Just do it kanye love
black folks dying, being ourselves

I’m dying trying to survive
Hang in there Sarah! 

Rando strangers from Twitter (like me) are praying and hoping for you. 

And don’t forget to lean on some of your friends IRL like @KyleKashuv (and I’m sure others!)
Send @Sethical_ Yeezys
Free your mind!!!
kanye follow me 
I need to hit yo dm A$AP
its very urgent 
RT and likes so he sees it
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
Will he remember
Self-Actualization is true liberation. The 
People are dying to leave the mind control and mental slavery of our world. Be free.
Like if you wanna die
https://instagram.com/p/BiGvG9MnW7X/ 
Thoughts and prayers in figuring yourself out.

It's time to hold Twitter's CEO Jack Dorsey accountable for his social media platforms attacks on conservatives. Please sign this petition ASAP and together we can end his egregious attacks on our right to free speech on…

It's time to hold Twitter's CEO Jack Dorsey accountable for his social media platforms attacks on conservatives. Please sign this petition ASAP and together we can end his egregious attacks on our right to free speech on…
Mike did you just reply to yourself with the same exact tweet?
Nope. Just wanted to make sure y'all see the tweet.
Blockchain enables us to be ourselves with no outside censorship or control Yeezy.
@APompliano
Lol we need everyone telling him.
I don't think you have a problem being yourself. Your arrogance is apoplectic.
Its a good idea the masses will never go for it because the groups that control the masses will never allow it. 

The future becomes the past becomes the future becomes the past.
dying....
Love yourself and all others
but born not to be
Speak for yourself. I AM MYSELF!
#freedom ~ being yourself regardless of what others mirror onto you.
Kanye achieved escape velocity.

I don't agree with everything you support but the ability to listen and dialogue is under threat.  Everyone that agrees with the need for exchange of ideas is fam.
Be yah self bro
Scoop the poop scoopity poop
You and who is dying? Abeg 
Just leave kanye oh.
Lmao let him be fooling him self

True
Agree. It is time we stop letting political parties and media tell us who we are. I know who I am
BUT LIVING TO APPEASE OTHERS


@BrennaSpencer I made this bead art beanie design in your beautiful likeness!! I’d love to make you a beanie with it! Please retweet if see it & let me know the color you want. @ARmastrangelo @antonia_okafor if you…
Go away you smell like natty light
hahahaha ta guele bro 
It’s the misguidance on how to be ourselves by people with your kind of platform as some look up to people with higher power for guidance.But what one needs to realize is not to follow an entity but to follow true self. It’s the only way to conquer individuality.
I'm dying cus I don't have waffles
So will the real Kanye stand up
Or were tweeting a lot to get attention and sell our new album
we live in a society
CRACKHEAD
Tired of playing along.... Coming from a place of truth and sincerity, is coming from a place of God.  We are not here no be fake but to express our true self.   @kanyewest  #letyebeye and you be you
It's no accident. PC is prelude to mental slavery.
I'd call that auto-cannibalism
Yes,yes,yes.
I hope your next album is on some real soul saving ish.....
Kanye is such a philosopher suddenly, must be getting his idealogy from Kim...
Say what you want about Kanye, he sounds very pro-individual to me, which I can't find any fault with,
Thank you
@6ix9ine is dying to become as great as @7even0ero . He never will.
#takeover
It’s okay to be yourself outside your brand Omari
Yessss
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Literally yes- in every instance we block an aspect of real self, we create an energy block in our body which is the beginning of disease (dis-ease)
I'm gonna let Ye Be Ye
speak for yourself! i feel great
That we definitely are.
This is so true and deep 
kanye stfu
After 30 years of identity politics even the #Democrat party
don't know they are, or a scared to reveal it....
Some of us are just dying
Nope that would be you. We outchea
You need to calm down. Unless you doubting these things that you keep ranting about!
Kanye is trying to show everyone the 'BIGGER PICTURE" and that is to be your real self, and don't allow others to make decisions for you.  If people want to get mad at him for speaking the truth, well then so be it.
Time to tear the mask off that we all wear! We can conquer our fears when we face them head on.  #Empowering #Love #Real
ya estamos muertos carnal y el amor nos hará vivir. fierro.
Awesome Kanye.
Dying to be the image of who we think we are. Or wanna be. And we wonder what others see—the real or imaginary.
You’re not even yourself!! You’re still looking for acceptance from people who wouldn’t look at you if you weren’t rapping.
guit∆r beats øn deck

bøømin  8ø8$

nø s∆mples 

Møre IG: @brianspencer302 

ør

http://SoundCloud.com/brianspencer302  
You’re dying for attention. Can’t get it from the Kkkardashian Klan? Boowho bitch.

I’m myself everyday! Don’t like what you see or get kick rocks! That’s the attitude you have to have in today’s society my friend
Living too ...
People like to say “Be yourself.”. Then they judge you.
Why are you speaking for everybody?

KANYE FOR PRESIDENT 2023!

That sounds GOOD!  You got my vote!!!

Problem is that the US African American community, and other minorities are constantly brainwashed into brushing every issue racial, when it is all about character and ambition.  Hey run for office!  the US needs indepents like President Trump!
The issues with regards to Black Americans are in the pages of the book, POST TRAUMATIC SLAVE SYNDROME by Dr. Joy DeGruy. And the issues with regards to Western Civilization ( all white people worldwide ) are in the pages of the book, THE ISIS PAPERS by Dr. Frances Welsing

Free beats.  Tag a artist you like and RT.  Don't be greedy.  The beats are free for you to use in any way you want 
#Visions
https://open.spotify.com/album/5gRXdYJjZUHUYwKFB5v3lt …

…
Our #BREAKING moment #WeStandTogether #WWG1WGA MAKE THIS VIRAL #ReleaseTheTextsUnredacted 
We #MAGA We #MakeItRain
#ItsTime to Blow your horns.
#QAnon #EnoughIsEnough 

#Fuel

#QAnonCreed
https://youtu.be/8vl0_YlVwU0  

#ThunderUp
https://youtu.be/rRDk31sGMc0 

#MAGA
https://youtu.be/G2qIXXafxCQ 
Nah, we’re dying try to pay off these student loans with stupid high interest rates.
Ahh... the grievances committee will bully ya back to the darkness. 

Freedom takes strength and faith.
Yup and most of Hollywood is stuck in a group think culture. Thank you for being, speaking & thinking for yourself! 
Yeezy, is Pablo finished now? Can we get a physical copy?!?
Blinded, starved, and used up...

I'm dying to get that Uzi and Travis song you told us was gonna drop last week
wyd bro

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
I never really cared for your music but I do have to say that "Standing Up" at this moment in time is one of the best things that has happened in quite some time - We all just want to get along and live in Peace!  Thank You!
I'm so sorry you feel that way about yourself. I hope that you find the strength to heal 10 year old @kanyewest that longs so badly to be loved by kanye
We’re i mean people are dying to be like celebrities and YouTube couples . Etc etc
i'm dying to be anyone other than me actually
I wish people would do their own research and see the great things that our current president of the United States of America has done and what he has done before he even got in office like saving New York City
No truer statement than this!
I'm a free thinker too! #LatinosforTrump
Yeeesssss!!!!!

I sometimes wish I was a carrot.
Read "The Culture of Critique" by @TOOEdit
Oh God will you shut up you make me want to drink
can’t relate
WERE DYING TO BE OURSELVES TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
And people won't let you be yourself.
i’m dying from stress
You’re right
Wenger out
You starting to pmo
Shut up
WOKE
So does that mean we r liveing to be someone else ?da da daaaaaa
Or working for the weekend
Stop dying, come on out
Holy whatever ... take a step back fella. Don't take life so life so seriously..  enjoy it while you can
Take a stand against Identity Politics/Tribalism.

Idk Kanye, @thejenlife wants to be a puppy
not any puppy, my own puppies.
I’m only here for the music I’m on the side of the music drop some fire  you Troll’n
Lol


Wut

No. 
That's just you.
The rest of us aren't having any problem being ourselves.
Y'all are sheep you just don't know it
No.  I'm not a trumpCult member.
We’re dying for you to stop tweeting and show some action
His tweeting is more effective than any action from his haters.
Maybe
if we aren't ourselves, who are we gonna be...
Who other people want us to be.
you can't adapt your way of being to like others





It’s an amazing feeling to know that I’m living in a moment where a brave Man is speaking truth.
No I just wish you would die
stoner wisdom
It is called ambition
Yup
We' ve worked so hard at being someone else ..do we really know who "OURSELF" is ?? .. SOE would never admit the truth smh
It’s those who program humans that way along the system were in...as the system has many dark levels
Bro faaaacts...we got love
We’re dying because we aren’t ourselves.
Ye was LUCID
This sounds like it would make a great song. 
How many cliches can you tweet in one day?
Because we don't understand God's will for us
@natisantop
you are the man.
enuff of the weird stuff buddy.
Everyone wants to wear that overpriced shit
No we're not, everyone justs wanna copy all the celebrities out there and get on the hype train for all the latest trends.

And you and yer wifey @KimKardashian are inherent perpetrators of that; but also conscious ones...

Just look at the @yeezy label bro.
Thank you Mr. West for opening people’s eyes! Some people have been sleep walking all their lives and have no idea! 


You are dying to play with your mother's chest hair.
You feel a squirming wriggle in your ear and Annie slides out. She waves at everyone.
nah just you bruh
I disagree, most are dying to be someone else — the coward approach
I love your new self! 


I better die but when am myself
Those who are dying to be themselves are only dying to be the center of attention. Strive to be an individual that is unable to be defined, that's when you are being yourself
SPEAK..for yourselves I AIN'T DYING I MOSTLY know what not to do can you dig it!

#CHESS THE GAME.

oh man that means something deeper than you might think.
okay jaden
And destroying ourselves to prove we're different.
Yall know he is a God preach
Then I must be dead cuz I’m nothing but.
who's stopping you millionaire?
@kanyewest True friends will never try to stifle your ‘free thought’ and will remain your friend even if your free thought is different from theirs.
Do any of you realize you are doing exactly what he is speaking out about? His message was "spread love not hate" and y'all so mad that he is trying to show love. Do you see how messed up this world is?
100 and 360
Kanye is not a role model
I’m dying to be like my father.
@Kanye ....... I still remember Pinocchio’s Story .... be you Ye
Nigga what lmao
This is what happens when you give some black people money, people can see how you're acting, YOU'RE MORE EMBARRASSING TO BLACK PEOPLE THAN TRUMP IS TO WHITE PEOPLE!!
How can anyone think this guy is going through a mental thing right now, when these quotes are quite relatable?
You ok live bro
YOU’RE dying to be YOUR self man
