Unfollowed Kanye West *so far*...

Ariana Grande
BTS
Drake
Harry Styles
Jaden Smith
Janelle Monáe
Justin Bieber
Katy Perry
Kendrick Lamar
Lana del Rey
Nicki Minaj
Rihanna
The Weekend
Troye Sivan
Zayn Malik
i honestly don’t think kanye cares about who follows and unfollows him
you kidding me? he lives for it, he’s an exhibitionist just like his man Trump; reality stars
kanye has learned to let society by control him after his break from social media. although we may not agree with everything he says or beloved in, he’s obligated to his opinions and in no way he’s acting as a poser.
Yes, he's entitled to his opinions, but people are also entitled to judge him for said opinions.
Why are you more concerned with judging another? You just worry about yourself, before you start in on others.
but you’re also concerned about judging his judgement lol take your advice, Kanye will be fine
I’m not concerned..was just amazed at how weak the Left is. I don’t want them on my Patriot team, no joke.
I worked in R&B/Hip-Hop radio for years before MAGA brought me into political commentary. This moment that you have just brought to the world is so amazing for me to witness. I knew this moment would come. Thank you Kanye.
Two worlds have collided and so many people who were imprisoned by the confines of thought that society artificially imposed are now free. Kanye West is a patriot.
Slowly but surely America will see that we have more in common than we have different. We are one American people.
You’ve been tweeting more than ye all day slow down dude
why should he slow down?
No, we were mad about Hillary using her private email to transmit classified information over unsecure lines in the mid east that got four Americans killed.
That’s a lie otherwise she’d of been charged with culpability during the Benghazi hearings and she wasn’t. Why say things that aren’t true? Btw pence, ivana, and Jared have all used private emails too. But do you care? No. Like I said, cognitive dissonance 
False.
Why does it seem so weird yet so right that funimation is responding to Kanye tweets
YOO FUNIMATION LIKED AHHH 
Blockchain is the most powerful technology in the world Kanye.

Let’s use it to tokenize Yeezy. We’ll change the retail game forever.
Please stop spamming Kanye. He's not going to tokenize anything. And even if he did, it would be on his own volition
He is definitely going to tokenize something.

He understands the idea of decentralizing power. He understands freedom. He understands technology. 

It’s coming. Just watch.
Tokenizing a security doesn't decentralize power. There's no freedom there. Kanye isn't trying to change the plumbing on the financial system. He clearly wants a new one
Tokenizing a security is the definition of democratizing power. 

It removes middle men, it removes traditional exchanges, it brings more people into the financial system, and it increases access for those already here in system.

Most don’t understand, but Kanye does.
Tokenizing a security is not the definition of democratizing power. That is the definition of maximizing buzzwords per meaning

Tokenized securities marginally benefit the world by improving the plumbing / infrastructure they're built on. They don't even bypass accreditation laws
....I (respectfully) don’t think you understand how this works.

I’m not sure you’ve even tokenized a security, but I have.

It absolutely democratizes power. The fact we’re debating that is kind of crazy :-/
Democrats offer only hate and fear, they have NOTHING else.
#BreakTheConditioning
Right. And you people have the KKK and neo Nazis. Try again.
Sweets,  you need to educate yourself DemocRATS started the KKK.
...at a time when Republican/Democrat ideologies were flipped from what they are today.
The BIG LIE. keep tryin'
A public forum, so by no means a “credible source”, however, the explanation is very sensible.
I can send you a page that no only says Bigfoot exist, be he is an Alien.

YOU OR NO ONE CAN CHANGE HISTORY.

FACTS ARE FACTS.

REPUBLICAN Party was formed to end slavery, voted for civil rights, fought for Women's right to vote. These are ALL FACTS. Period.
You keep saying “that’s the biggest lie ever told” and the more you say it, the less I believe you

What’s with all the haters of free thinking? Don’t let up.
It's not free thinking. It's just blatant stupidity.
Nope. It's this guy.


Since @kanyewest supports trump it’s time I sell all of my yeezy sneaker collection.... all will be sold for retail plus tax and shipping. Shoes will be sold to randoms that RT and follow 
Get off drugs
get off twitter grandma
.Trump / Kanye

--> http://redpillphilosophy.com/trump-kanye-finally-someone-with-balls-2020/ …
Lunatics running the asylum would be the most accurate slogan.
Why is Kanye tweeting like one of his parody accounts now
I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 30,000 likes)

Get well soon.
You sure?
So that's why you love a Nazi?
I wouldn’t consider him one.
Trump totally is one.
Nazis hated guns for citizens and attacked anyone with a different opinion, you are the Nazi

The love of paying $280 for a t-shirt
Great minds think alike

Amen!
4 likes and 7 likes? Lol. How does it feel supporting a pawn of Russia, ladies?
How does it feel to be on a sinking ship, Liberal?

LMBO!!!!
False.
I respect you for having the balls to go against the grain and speak your mind man! 


this is what it would sound like if @kanyewest was REALLY out of the sunken place... https://youtu.be/d-y2uXWpEo4 

Fcking funny because he DID  'get out'. You're the one that's still on the liberal plantation.
Which is why Trump is full of hate
Hi
Omg never thought I would be the first to comment 
LOVE IS POWERFUL 
Facts fam !
Thank you Kanyay for expressing your love for ME every day I am going to help the Afro-American community SO MUCH with my tax cuts AND I gave Ben Carsen a job helping other Blacks.  SO GOOD FOR BLACKS!!!
Yaah
Amen!

Kanye spelling Nicki Minajs name 
Uh, sorry Kanye, but strong nuclear force which holds protons and neutrons together is the strongest force in the universe. @neiltyson

I liked your post specifically because of your handle lol
Respect
Not always positive. Too much self-love is destructive!
I don't know bud, gravity is pretty heavy too.
LMFAO Jodie be like ahhhh bitch let's not forget about gravity #MotherFXXXer


The rapid loss of species we are seeing today is estimated by experts to be between 1,000 and 10,000 times higher than the natural extinction rate
'you' isn't a number bud.
It appears, so is stupidity.
@johnpodesta @HillaryClinton @therealroseanne @BarackObama 
We must HEAL with the most powerful force in the universe.  But those than cannot be healed.....
We get it, you saw Interstellar
Agreed
#Agape love is the highest level of love In the UNIVERSE. AGAPE LOVE is the Love that God has for his children! Lets all unite as ONE WORLD UNDER GOD @kanyewest ! God bless wonderful Outspoken people such as @RealCandaceO @realDonaldTrump  .Lets just CARE for each other. #Agape!
But not everyone believes in God and we can’t impose our will on others, so let’s just all come together regardless of color, creed, genitalia or bank account.
I just noticed you follow "1"
That brought a tear to my eye. He only follows his Wife
Don't pretend to be nice
Dude,  I can’t lie,  you are definitely growing on me.
I gotta get me some Kanye CD's now.  Truth needs to be rewarded not made into a villain.
Why didn’t you just quote tweet me jamie???? X
Sorry bby 
Stop it with these hints I’ll be yours if you ask me xxxx
Forever and always 
Yeah, we know.
Pretty sure it’s gravity but yea this works too I guess
Actually strong nuclear force is
@kanyewest Set them free! Speak that truth... can't wait to have a conversation face to face. God continue to bless you and use you.
This world needs lots of LOVE!!!.
George bush doesn’t care about black people
How dare Kanye spread love.....

Lol
No it isn’t. Liverpool’s front 3 is.
Universe is an album sang by @weareoneEXO so you’re saying everyone should listen to EXO album?
Real talk. #Kanye is an inspiration. He talks truth and shares his personal opinions. Support whoever you want, just quit judging and hating others if they don't agree with you. Share more love instead, you'll live better.
Then how can you support someone so full of hate??
AMEN!

"For God so LOVED the world, He gave His only begotten Son --- " (John 3:16).
Yet you praise someone who preaches hate... makes sense
do you have time to sleep, to eat?
And I love you.
The truth...but how can you preach all this but support someone who is full of hate and no love? I see you dont follow your own words...
This fooz in the sunken place bro lol
just not the codependant imitation the corrupt music industry peddles "äs"love , love is uplifting , freeing , not restrictive or controlling
https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSVScO98G1nLuqGPN9l_khvVD_LxpNGjPEa-H7EAaCfUBPO53nc …
ariana grande is the only artist u can trust... so c’mon down and stream/buy her new latest single: No Tears Left To Cry! now available on all platforms
Kim Lip outsold Koonye
You dont have it
tea
Is Hot 
and served.
u ever hear of gravity?
It is not the most powerful force in the universe
ur right...it’s electromagnetic force...i apologize
No i think tha would be the power of a supernova or a black hole or the big bang.
we talking about forces...not events...it was a contrast of forces that build up to those events happening
So then thw attraction if a black hole.they're all still forces though.
guess what the attraction is in a black hole....gravity...a black hole forms when the death of a star doesn’t result in a supernova/neutron star and the star continues to shrink due to its gravity never stopping.
Say that when that force is crushed by that person you thought was the one.
It just means that he/she wasn’t the one. Trust that The Universe has your back and something MUCH better is coming along. Be well
This was such a kind reply. Thank you.
Obvs Kanye’s never seen Michael Tarnat’s free-kick against Blackburn back in 2003
So why do you like Trump? He doesn’t give a damn about love.
He love cash dollar though.
Kanye is one step closer to becoming Ribrianne, confirmed.
Roasted xD
Hate is the most powerful force in the Democrat party.
100%
Then why are you a tool for white supremacy? 

How did that happen? 

Real question
White supremacist are ‘fine’ people; The Central Park 5 should still be in jail although DNA evidence/confession of another man exonerated them; The birther lie about the first black President; Calling  Mexicans rapist; Calling African nations shitholes. Where’s the love?
Oh yeah, remember when you said George Bush don’t care about black ppl? The irony. The fucking irony.
How many Divisions has it got?
Love is just a complication of our repopulating mechanism, a bonus, or to some a price to pay due to our evolution into advanced consciousness. Even after realizing this I still can't deny it's effect is very real. A gamma ray burst is the most powerful force in the universe btw
Shut up
I think Thanos and the infinity gauntlet would respectfully disagree with you on that.
Lay off the twitter lovely and go get some help....
Do you like fish sticks ?
Not as strong as cocaine, apparently.
"Love is the most powerful force in the universe". 

Sadly, hatred is running a close second!

Take heart, God is love and God will not be defeated!
Freedom comes second
Yes it is because God is love and we all can love as Jesus if we surrender fully to HiS will ! This life is so short and but a vapor in regards to ETERNITY.
Amen 
Everyone should put politics aside and get behind this simple message. No matter your personal views. @kanyewest is sending a message of love and peace to all. No division.. no racism. Very unifying message. We can all learn from him.
Pretty sure Kanye could care less who unfollows him. For every unfollow, he’s had more follow so-next.
Hallelujah brother!
“Love is the most powerful force in the universe”. Truth. Been saying this for years. Happy to see this message being shared on a much grander scale. 
Romans 12:2, Kanye.  May you and your family be blessed! 
We need more of it in this cruel world we are living in
@thekidDeBellis #alwaysremeber
Ready for delivering call or text +1 657-859-9093
Nice sentiment, but I believe you're mistaking love with Hulkamania. 
Much love to all!

“Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that.”

― Martin Luther King Jr., Strength to Love
That’s why Jesus came and slayed the devil, because we are deeply loved. He loves us more then any love we can imagine.
Love is the most powerful drug in the universe

Fact!
#LoveIsTheAnswer  #love #Heals
Nah fam he had 11 points on 2-11 shots tonight, he ain’t that powerful
YES! Above all virtues! GOD IS LOVE!
interfuckingstellar.
you ever see interstellar
#Patriot #GreatAwakening We Got Love. Where We Go One We Go All
Love is in the air
 @POTUS
A s t r o w o r l d 
Jimi...
my late husband played with him a couple of times. Used to hang out at the Albert. Always loved him.
Fast forward years, & the godfather of one of my brother's sons becomes a co-owner of Electric Lady Studio after Jimi passed. Perry's gone now too.
#Life2Short
#Live2Love
Think it's aboot time u came affit bud
What about Tadhg Furlong
A lot of people got nothing but bad things to say. 
I'm here to say, I absolutely agree. 
Keep embracing the love.
No me
You must have that new iPhone that allows you to tweet from the sunken place.
Wow, you’re so out of touch w reality is scary. I used to love your music. I used to buy your music. 

I’m gonna “love” not giving u my money.
When will you love Jayz enough to accept that Beyoncé don’t want to be near your wife. He did put you on 
Inverifiable
Gravity close 2nd tho
@realDonaldTrump @KimKardashian 
#togetherwearestronger #DragonEnergy 
#KeepAmericaGreat2020 #freethinker #Qanon

Except for gravity. Gravity be strong AF
we’d love for you to get off twitter for the day
Tell these white people to love POC rather than wearing that fucking maga hat
YA SIENTESE SEÑORA
Liberals react to Kanye being a free thinking individual
Care to comment, Kanye?
Kanye West Stated Mission Is The Same As Infowars https://www.pscp.tv/w/bbDukjExOTI5NjgyfDFNbnhuZU5hRVpYSk-MGLL8Z0SQAzNaLUzZWMnvTddWGkAO1NldFLeDHnM97A== …
I love the new Kanye
Then say you love Marx

actually the most powerful force in the universe is the strong nuclear force
Pk tu fais des phrases comme sa maintenant ?
Pour faire passer des beaux messages
Yes & trump oozes that love especially to immigrants! He’s such a great man. Wish my daughter could marry him! Oops he hates Black & Brown skin. As one of your oldest fans, you are dead to me! This is on YOU!! Only YOU!! Base will kill more of us in ur name! Congrats!
Stop rt him if u don’t fk with him no more
Stop yelling at me on Twitter Belmin wth !!!
I love you Kanye
I know what he’s doing and why, it’s all a master plan. I’ll tell you one day. Love you Kanye
This nigga smoking Synthetic weed
Lol maybe, I think he just isn't following the herd. Too many people shaming others for not falling in line IMO
He falling in line that's the problem but with the wrong crowd 
How, everyone black thinks he's an idiot for supporting him. So do lots of whites people. Which line exactly?
The line of the underdogs poverty vs rich he used to clown shit like this also with racial issues
Clown shit like what?
"George bush hates black people"
"I'm with Trump"
"Build that wall"
"I like the why Candace owens thinks"
A wall isn't racist. (Not saying I want one) but Google the wall that Mexico has blocking Guatemalans. Is that racist also 
You clearly ain't seen a hurricane or a F5 tornado, try tell me love with stand strong in one of those 
Why fam why
Just stating facts my hombrè
L

What about the Death Star?
@kanyewest    how do u like this?
Just say BITCOIN
Thx KANYE for being Real
Its in every ones soul contract. You can't go to the next life until you experience it. I'm working on that. I don't want to stay on the level forever.
@minoovo @Minoo_LoL 
And yet the sentiment you just expressed (‘Universal Love’) evokes precisely the opposite of everything Trump stands for & embodies: Supporting Trump is embracing outright criminality, corruption, greed, selfishness, division, segregation, petulance, ignorance, bigotry and hate!
Love = Universe - Force 
Universe = Love + Force
Force = Universe - Love
Bitcoin a strong second
Amen! 
False, money is :(
You're right.
Bring it #AlgoLove
That's true!!!
Then why in the name of all that Jesus preached would you support a man who foments such hatred? He sides with the "alt-right" white supremacists, ffs.

Trump is nothing but hate for anyone and anything that doesn't directly benefit Trump.

Please don't use your voice to amplify.
Already Force is with you
I don’t know man, I feel like probably nukes are? And then guns and things. And then just like, gravity?
And so are WE... ALL. “Just juice it.”
Love doesn’t exist Ye!!!!! Hallmark feeling

I thought He-Man was.
I'm confused. I thought you thought that you're the most powerful force in the universe.
Kanye... love trumps everything. I love you man.
Then show your support for #AlfieEvans! #AlfiesArmy
People be like “don’t judge Kanye for supporting Trump” so I be like “don’t judge me for judging Kanye bitch”
Somebody saw frozen
LOVE THY NEIGHBOR
Some people can’t justify your love for another human just because of their political views and it’s honestly sad!
So wonderful kanye
Your not a real scientist are you?
I'm seeing ghosts kanye
Hmmm I think gravity is.
(Lovell) is the most powerful force in the universe
Infact the most powerful emotion
#GreatAwakening

And the magic of friendship.
Let’s go to The Happiest Hour in NYC with the MAGA hat. And why not, let’s invite the crooked judge for a drink. 
Yeah but still some people hate each other
Fingers crossed he has another break down. We can all buy hope
yet you support trump lmao
"Grab here by the pussy" is real love.

@Wale @Pharrell @Usher sample of what I have in the kitchen. .input? 
U have always been a mentor, I read your words and always get  inspired..love is real believe.
That's true
The love for those who hate Africans is the most destructive force in this universe. @POTUS

@Wale @Pharrell @Usher sample of what I have in the kitchen. .input? 
Idk man black holes are up there. Like light can’t even escape or so I’m told.
Love poem
How would you know. I don’t think you’ve experienced love since your mom
I thought gravity was
trump said there was too much Love  in the world during his early campaign, and since stealing the election, he has acted on reversing that with hateful, divisive policies and words said and not said. Time to rethink your heroes unless you’re done with cognitive dissonance.
I have to disagree.. although it does sound nice.. we live in a world of opposites, so by law of opposites, love and hate are equal in force, by very nature of creation of distinction.. one must love whilst knowing full well the capacity to hate, or walk a fine line between both
The spirit of God revealed that truth to you.
Yet you pour your support to someone who constantly promotes hate? 
Don't claim you understand love if you choose to side with somebody who always finds ways to demean every minority group
Would not a force that invokes love and the need to love be more powerful than love?
Your so positive, showing everyone how to love and they attack you. Praying for you Kanye. You have what matters most HEART
Love is the most valuable thing in this world besides time but you can’t give someone your love unless you give them your time. CJW —  Well at least that’s one of my quotes/thoughts or ideas as I have many...
