She is so correct. The Democrat Party has attempted to brainwash its subjects by taking over schools, media  and the overall cultural narrative.
The Republicans have lost the culture war. They never viewed it as important. Now we have young kids who think socialism is cool and capitalism is the devil. That’s because the Democrats won the culture war and for the celebrities on their side.
The funny part is the celebrities who love Democrats don’t realize how much more money they’d save by not having to pay Democrat tax code taxes. If Dems get in power they’ll make the top income level pay 65-70% so we can have free college (which would be meaningless) and...
...free healthcare which would put the state in charge of our bodies. That was the goal of Obamacare. It sounds nice to say “Free everything for everyone” but in practically it’s not free. The wealthy will move their assets OUT of America and into places like Italy who are...
...putting a flat tax on all income over a certain amount. That brings wealth and prosperity. Period. High tax societies drive wealthy people out. It sounds callous but it is also true.
lol. U.S. has the most billionaires behind China. You're wrong.
You're simple. We gave them their money by not enacting tariffs against their shitty merch...
lol, Chinese billionaires are acquiring wealth faster via stocks and ipos. read a book.
She's right.

First thing you gotta do is restore the nuclear family.
Once the nuclear family is restored you can begin to lay a foundation of values that will dictate your friends and what culture/media you consume.
Once you've got a solid family, friends and grasp of what culture supports your families values, you'll begin to form political opinions that are based on experience, values and self interest, which removes the risk of being gaslit by a moronic, lying media for either party.
Once you break the media stranglehold over "news" reporting and politics, you'll begin to see civil debate and rational/reasonable/thoughtful debate commence.

But like I mentioned... it begins with the restoration of the nuclear family and that is done through GOD and LOVE.
The only people who oppose the nuclear family are those who wish to keep humanity enslaved. If the idea of a mom and dad triggers you, you're part of the problem. All cultures thrive when the family is intact and thriving collectively.
If the idea of 2 dads or 2 moms triggers you, you’re ALSO part of the problem. Proponents of the ‘nuclear family’ have been attempting to oppress and stigmatize others for decades now because they don’t fit into their simple and narrow worldview.
Why do you want a child to be denied a mother or a father? 

2 parents raising a child is good.

A mother and a father is better.
I don’t want to ‘deny’ a child anything. It’s an objective fact that same sex couples do just as well at raising a child. Given the fact that there are currently over 400,000 kids in foster homes in the USA, you should be 100% in favour of more same sex couples adopting too.
Fraud how? How do you know she's "falling for" something? How do you know you're not?
Uh, because Candace Owens successfully sued a school with the help of the NAACP for a hate crime against her, but is now telling black people racism isn’t real so they should vote Republican?
Theres a difference between racism isn't real and racism isn't a pervasive problem like it was in the 1920s. Stop tackling strawmen.
You know what I would definitely do if I were a con artist? Wait until after the NAACP had won me $37,500 to declare they were a “disgusting group”
Nah! Hillary didn't even wait till she was awarded the presidency before she declared that half the country were "deplorable." 

Lesson: con artists don't always wait
Quit deflecting; we’re talking about that phony grifter Candace Owens, not Hillary (accurately) describing half of Trump’s followers (so, maybe 15% of the country?) as deplorable. (She shoulda said “racist shit-bags”.)

Focus.
It's called an analogy, dipshit. It's meant to illustrate a point
Who?
Fuckin smart
I love you too
I love both of y'all
Obviously this is self explanatory

Elephants are smarter.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elephant_cognition …
A beautiful mind.
like=nudeeeessss

Yo what were you brainstorming about Jay
Why would Jay-Z write his name on a whiteboard?
Lmao people reading this like I’m asking jay and not ye
As if it’s that simple?!!! You’re both from stable backgrounds stable family environments.
What are you talking about? What free stuff? My entire family has worked always no one gave us anything. And we’re not of the exception at all. You must don’t know any black people at all to even mention this.
John the lady is right about welfare...it made the situation worst,...not better...and I've worked since I was 14...black male, home owner,never on welfare, live in London UK
Your line of thinking shows the deep racism embedded in white society when it comes to how blk ppl are viewed esp from a white person who would vote for Trump
When Kanye met wth Trump in December of 2016, one of the reported talking points was Ye’s ideas regarding education and updating curriculum. It seems to be a major interest of his.
Education is important. "Listen to the kids bro"
Depends on who and what they're trying to teach. Ask yourself why they ask all young children "what do you want to be when you grew up". Usually peer answer is a version of being a slave to money where the school system purges out their natural creativity.
This is exactly what Kanye has been saying. We are all born creative and free spirted and people take this away from us. Society stops us from being a free thinker
Yes! I'm so happy to see people waking up to the lies! LOVE and UNITY! https://twitter.com/MagaApplePie/status/991046851154579456 …
Taking responsibility and empowering one another is key! @RealCandaceO great job! Important issues that will have lasting changes
Nice to see people (at least a few) willing to think for themselves
Or think like you want them to.
The intent of your tweet reply is unclear
You claimed that someone thinking like you was thinking clear.
Should say for themselves. Apologies
That's a total mischaracterized version of my statement.
Candace owens kanye west 2024
Ruins the Dem narrative lol

You need to take a hard look at the changes Trump has signed off on and what they mean to society if you really care about love. Candace is faking it!
like if you’d vote for kanye
I’d have to hear his stance on the main issues first. I admire Kanye and his work, but I don’t vote for anyone for novel reasons.
Do you like fish sticks?

white board notes totally out of context, cool
Please, by all means... Put them into context for the class
lol, the point is there’s not any context and a bunch of idiots are inferring it to mean whatever they want.
You're inability to understand it is not an argument.
There is no context. It’s words on a board with lines drawn beneath. You’re ability to pretend to divine objective meaning from that isn’t an argument. 
You wanna go back and read my original response? @jiveDurkey MUST know the context if he is able to say the white board notes were "out of context"

Never claimed I did know
You can infer from that there must be *some* context that’s missing without knowing what that context is. A few words w/lines beneath them isn’t self-explanatory. 
I can agree to that. Funny still, however, that you call ppl a bunch of idiots for making assumptions, and then you proceeded to make assumptions about me.

wow if it's on an image it must be true
Well he was in the KKK https://www.archives.gov/files/research/jfk/releases/docid-32129399.pdf …
This is psicology bro
What?
As soon as the spelling is correct, we can ALL understand
Kanye is a bright High School sophomore.
Semi bright.
So much hate.

Dude has accomplished quite a bit and all you guys wanna do is bully.

Can't tell the difference between trump/resistance anymore.

Both just childish bullies.
There's no hate in this at all. It's humor. I get that it's not funny to some people, but my intention is good.
He is a talented musician. It doesn’t make him right about everything. And these tweets were in jest.
Fair enough.

Seems to me that you are mocking his intelligence for thinking differently.

But to each their own. I am fine with jokes. I must have misunderstood. English is complex. 

Love you both! Love > hate.
Your English is good! I'm not mocking his actual intelligence. A bright and curious high school student is a smart person. I'm mocking the genius-level intelligence that he and some others think he has. That's where the humor is. That said, I love much of what Kanye says and does
So that's what it looks like when a moron tries to whiteboard something.
sis, this is not radical at all. this is basic SOC 101....you would know this if you read. i speak because i care about you.
Imagine having post-notifications on to rely the same thing over and over again, to somebody you don’t even like.
This is on par with Sebastian Gorka's dissertation diagrams (example below). They are like peas in a pod.
Culture was lost... greatest robbery for idk how long.. those that cannot tie back family lines to “home” culture can understand.. no victim just saying that’s a piece of the problem

Like, seriously. These rants are not going to end well.
Does that say “Jay -Z” in the top right corner?
Looks like "day 2" ... Or Jay z. Interesting eh
Nah it actually says Jay-Z B
Maybe. I think it says (day 2- 3)
Clearly she's a genius. She wrote four or five words out. Applause!

Yup def correct.
I vote family
They loved him with as a democrat but turned on him when he ran for president on the republican ticket. It’s not about the man or his mission it’s about their political influence. I believe he’s our best bet to being united and keeping America great!
Trump has always been shit. Forever and always.
@bree_thecreator it looks jay and bey.
This the shit I’m talking about
I want Jay to something but I know that he never will. I want Kanye out of here lmaoooo 
Same!!!
Yo why they have Jay-z and B name on that board
Idk lmaoooo I'll let you know when I find out

Are you for real or just attention whoring? You are loosing your fan base and street cred, and gaining a lot of nutty Trumpists and Russian bots. You are really creeping me out! Kim needs to hold an intervention for you. Or is she riding the Trump Crazy Train as well?
Street cred 

“Jay-Z & B” 
Will go to jail... watch!!!  His shady shit will come up!
Please don’t curse at me. I’m a Christian.
Anyway..
Kanye right now
check out my beats
Its not lines or pillars 
Imagine a disc or cd.
They add "data" to the current
Device "playing" it.
To read a disc/cd it must rotate.
Like a mind needs thoughts/activity.
Im for positive and helpful active thinking.
Not thinking 2 parties are the REAL divide STILL... 
Dig deeper
So Kanye now follows Candace! This is beautiful to see and I couldn’t be more excited!

.
We  that you are freeing your mind.

People need to stop functioning on autopilot and question everything. Learn to critically evaluate EVERYTHING and you will be free!!! #TheGreatAwakening
Racism is a state of mind. Choosing to acknowledge it is choosing to accept your place in an oppressive system. Choose freedom instead. #Freedom #MondayMotivaton
Whether you believe you are a victim or a victor, you are right. Choose to be a victor. Choose to be strong. Choose to be a free thinker and you are free!!! #Kanye2024
I hope the point of this is to show you regret erasing “Jay-Z”
Are we Supposed to think that brainstorm is groundbreaking or something ???
Right ?  he highlighted erased jay-z

So you want him to be a slave ?  It seems like she is the one who is still sleeping.
Blacks don’t have to be democrats
Didn't understand her BLM comment, she didn't make a legit argument against the movement
She’s saying that in majority of cases blacks in urban areas are victims of homicide perpetuated by other blacks. This is why she’s calling out BLM. If black lives matter why isn’t BLM concerned about black on black crimes?
I still don't see the contradiction, the race of the people killing black people is irrelevant
Well that clears things up
This is meaningless.
Wow... deep...
.@RealCandaceO wrote this at the Office yesterday
She forgot her favorites:
•lie
•dox anyone you disagree with
•bully children
Wow. A bold teller of profound truths, looks like.
What’s t



I would add God to this list. We used to pray in schools and learn spiritual things. 

We are mind, body and spirit.
#MAGA
Which god?
Artemis of course. Kickass hunter with a thing for having dodgy men torn to shreds by their own minions. Love it. I teach my daughter about Artemis every day...
I'm quite fond of Mithra myself. But with over 3000 historical gods to choose from, it's hard to choose.
Mithra is a good'n. I have a lot of regard for Cloacina...the Roman Goddess of Sewers. She has helped us all out quite a bit.
Noice! 
Doubly appreciative as her name stems from Cloaca. One of the truly great words...concepts...evolutionary elements.
Aha! I was right! 
Did you rub it out afterwards

Provocative
erase it then damn
When someone says let’s MAGA
When was America great?
Has always been.  Why do you think everyone is beating down the door to get in.   If you don’t agree feel free to find one that you think is better and live there.

We obviously need to pay more attention to our children’s school teachers & curriculum! AND do AWAY WITH FAKE NEWS PROPAGANDA
Yes! Schools are pushing liberal agenda. Often in contrast to what is taught at home. Confusing our kids.
Lol wtf even is this
.Trump / Kanye

--> http://redpillphilosophy.com/trump-kanye-finally-someone-with-balls-2020/ …

@RealCandaceO please have a meeting with John Legend & set him straight!! 
JL is of darkness and has already made his choice...love and light
Is it cause fish sticks are breaded and I'm a genius?
West/Owen 2024
By the end of @kanyewest  8 years, @RealCandaceO would be old enough to run as first female president!
Anyone who has taken a freshman psychology class and 8th grade civics could write that
Please don’t create minds with Candace Owens
wow makes u think

Kanye , Thanks for sharing this from Candace. She  has really got it , and quite  eloquent and poised. Huge threat to the leftists!
You both needed to take my "Racism in America" course at @NIUlive  BUT HERE IS A LITTLE LESSON
I hope you don't tun into the @AtlantaFX character Teddy Perkins in the future 
STAY AWAY FROM JAY AND BEYONCÉ.
how        to      create a      mind 
|                         |                  |
|                         |                  |
dogs      Little league       peyote
Let the free thinkers shine
That look like "Jay Z" to anyone else or is it just me? 
And B
WTF...

All the Trump supporters looking at that white board like, YUP!!! THAT’S it... 
Lmao.
#SimCity
Underrated tweet

Powerful.
Fascinating stuff

WHAT YOU GOTTA SAY ABOUT HIM HUH
Jay Z and B 
Way 2 - P
Hmmm 
Oh shit @S_C_ Jay, looks like Yeezy was talking about you behind your back, and did a bad job of tryin' to white it out from his iPhone.
Bro this shit is..... nothing
LOOOOOL

Kanye, this is why we homeschool our 5 champions. Public School system promote a dogmatic religious Atheistic Worldview. They continue it in Universities into Adulthood. I've made my ministry to discuss this with the same Atheistic worldviews destroying the world.

GOOD vs EVIL
Candace and her people's are finessing you ye. Follow the money. Who does she work for and what do they pay her to do? 

Ur smarter than this
Turning Point USA. Communications director under Charlie kirk. Political personality.
Who funds TP USA?
Wealthy conservatives/free market capitalists to help spread the good word of capitalism among youth. What's your point.
Capitalism sucks
And the areas where we have trouble are not true capitalism. Advantages are given to corporations through regulation and laws, killing small business competitiveness which is where our true innovators are. That's what needs to be fixed. Instead we create oligarchies.
True capitalism sucks
Better than Socialism. Make everyone equally poor and remove incentive to achieve great things. If capitalism is done fairly, it can make you the most prosperous nation in the world. And ours isn't perfect, but it's the best system for a large country out there.
Can you tell Kendall that I'm single
Pretty juvenile
Just stop
Love your awakening that is going on Kanye. I’ve always been a fan of the music but your association with the Leftist agenda has been discouraging. #freethinking
Jay-Z??
Shes rad and you are rad for working with her
@kanyewest is the dumb-dumb’s intellectual

#MAGA2018 = Candace O


Candace and Kanye were together yesteday at @sciarc. As far as I’m aware, it was their first in person meeting?
Looks dumb.
Looks like someone too the shotgun Homer Simpson designed, set it to "woke" and shot it at a whiteboard
#Kanye, Having these dummies feed you their conservative propaganda, what they crudely rationalize as "facts" will only divide people when you really need to be the one who brings them together
You might want to rethink that. Free thinking is the polar opposite of propaganda
The two are really unrelated; #Kanye West is by all means a free thinker, I never ever said he wasn’t, but evidently he’s bought into conservative rhetoric— not to be contentious but this is very much the truth!



this is literally basic sociology but okay
Nature or nurture?
nurture, obviously
duh

That's gibberish, @kanyewest.
This is stupid as hell
Kanye for President!!! But seriously remove politics and add morality, Basic right and wrong, you know the core of decisions  Love this guy lol

@RealCandaceO YOU FORGOT LEARNING HISTORY
You act like you didn't know yhose 3 things create a mind??? Also does it say Jay-z at the top right??
I asked Kanye to condense this down to one word so I can better understand it.  Smart!
So are we just going to ignore he got Jay-Z and B erased in the upper right corner?? #Beyhive
Not exactly earth-shattering stuff here Kanye...
Candace Owens wrote this at the Office yesterday
Y’all not slick.
Elite=  #PuppetMasters 
Rich= In charge of #MiddleClass
Middle Class= busy busting $SS so they can imitate how they believe the rich live! They don’t know where to start, so they spend years wasting their money!
Poor= #Wow

So Kanye’s getting his schooling from professional propagandists. 
Loving both of you.
This is the most underwhelming/basic shit I've ever seen
A mind is a terrible thing to waste #TrumpIsSoBroke
I did some experimentation of alternate chemical reality in the early 70s and even under those circumstances this would be rubbish.
Looks like something @DrHipHops would draw up in the @barstoolsports offices
I've been trying to decipher this for awhile and I still got nothing. 

He's a genius man
I disagree. Family is the most important. Setting morals and values for your kid trumps everything.
1. The media doesn't influence me as i have a healthy distrust of them 

2. My family taught me to make it regardless who is in office.

3. Public education is attacked by A certain party...and it's not team blue.

4. I'm educated enough to know dems are better economically.
Candace Owens wrote this at the Office yesterday TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
This ain’t it yo
Nice beginning.. Now go back ...needs more work
C - .
....and i'm a 64 civil rights activists , conservative and day ((1)) Trump supporter. Not Bernie or Hilliary !!!!
If anyone is interested here is video about Candace Owen and her Social Autopsies idea. I myself don't trust her.
I've been following Candace for quite awhile but I'm leary now........I have had doubts at times but gave her a chance.
I think she is a opportunist. I don't trust anyone who thought of doxing kids. She blocked me for just questioning her on it last year. Here is another video that is good. Remember Joy Villa? Everyrone on the right fell for her hook line and sinker too.
I will get flack for pointing it out, just like I did for pointing out who Joy Villa really was. Kanye follows 3 people. It used to be just one, his wife. Now he follows Candace and his hero Emma Gonzales, he needs to pick heroes like this kid.
Da fuq does any of that have to do with the ethnic and religiously charged isolationist policies of the current administration?
African American Homeland States
African American Homeland Authority is a Black Right Wing and Conservative Organization

Liberals and other Left Wing Black Organization ask for US Constitutional Rights (Civil Rights).

The African American Homeland Authority fight for US Constitutional Powers.
She is missing the most important piece...God's Word
Biblical principles.  Our culture changed when prayer was removed from society. You all kicked Jesus out and something moved right in.
A vacuum behaves that way. 

They know it, that's why public prayer and the expressed presence of Jesus Christ were removed.

The leaders of the marxist Godless takeover are not strategically dumb, even blind as they may be to the full truth.
Faith is the beginning of everything. Be careful what you put your faith in…
Faith in God is more important then the next breath you take. #meetChrist
Emotional intelligence....missing
Intuitive intelligence....missing.
More living, reading, less texting & virtuality
Social media is hurting us. It hurts young people the most.
FIXED IT
Why are all of these "free thought" advocates white ass kissers? We simply will not support a blatantly racist administration. People don't care about you being a Black conservative. Nobody had a problem with Condoleezza Rice or Colin Powell. Stop supporting bigots and simplify
Like if you like the new kanye better

Ok
Lol what even is this
God and family 1st. It’s the only way.
#Village. GOD, FAMILY,EDUCATION It all sums up to be a Village that we once use to Love  & Cherish..
 Let's entertain the thought of turning our "Neighborhood into Communties", which would allow accountability and awareness ".#Buildingmyvillage
Holy cow

Scoop
We have to treat each other as individuals not as a collective. Cause being part of a identity group does not mean that you think, feel, act or do the same things. Each person is an individual irrelevant of the color of their skin or what their faith is!
#MAGA #FreeThought #trump
It’s not coincidental that Asians have the highest median incomes & college graduation rates of all racism & ethnic groups in America. In large part, they live that roadmap Candace drew up.

#Truth !!!
I thought LSD went out of fashion in the 70s.
How to create a mind:
Black economist Thomas Sowell: "Sometimes it seems as if I have spent the first half of my life refusing to let white people define me and the second half refusing to let black people define me." @johnlegend
Looks like Candace Owens pre-schooler wrote it
I truly believe in civil rights. Never before have I seen such putrid vile hatred against African-Americans. Abraham Lincoln set the slaves free. Why is it so wrong for mr. West to support our president.
@AMEERBARAKA is creating disciples of pro-social values in the prison system: love, honor, integrity, kindness respect...to reduce recidivism, crime, and drop out rates. This is the “how.” @RealCandaceO @charliekirk11 

#prisoncoach
@RealCandaceO @kanyewest why were Jay Z and Beyoncé’s name on the board?  Curious to see how they fit into your meeting.

Wow!! 
Now I see why she was on info wars. 

She laid it out in minimal words I see. Should have called it “How To Blow A Mind” because my mind has been blown. 
What else you guys draw on the white board?  Please send pics. 

#loveeveryone
#iloveyou
#freekanye
#releasethememo
She’s onto something. 
#FreeAMind
Candace... I can’t ride with her. I choose to not live life as a victim personally, but I can’t ignore the concerns of brought to light when it comes to race.
Brilliant.
The three grades of mental influence, I’ve been thaught this before as Well. Same for levels of culture, changed my life.
Culture is downstream of politics. I heard her and the co-executive producer of the Shakespeare Revenge Tragedy film "Titus", Steve Bannon say the same thing.

I see that Jay-Z B 
IF U DONT LIKE KANYE NOT THE GOAT
And when you turned round she done this
WOW, so deep!!! I can't wait for the next lesson on why eating healthy and exercising often are good for weight loss!!!!
Politics are always downstream from culture. But the mind must be developed first.
Wow. What a free thinker.
Wow. Thanks, Candace. I bet her next advise is “pull up your pants”
vague nonsense
