Bring it on we will spread it the word about the song
Much Thanks To You Kanye!!  Your simple words will open the minds of any. For the DNC has truly wrecked the minds of many black Americans.
The last time Kanye toured tickets were on Groupon.  So much fir staying relevent.  Kanye plus Kardashian = of death

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
It says
"Look at this fool 
he walks in the room 
And talks to the people all at once
Focus okay
people did he what 
School people all at once"

Haller at the only one that gets it 
I can help with that missing L @kanyewest
Uh oh the thought police got to chance the rapper
I applaud you Kanye Westyou are one celebrity with the right mind. I am with you!
It’s called self promotion.
ebro is a bitch

You garbage
Can't wait......Kanyeeezy
You're not even ameen
Yo your a legend these people laugh waste energy to diss your shit give you views haha your song to Ebro was for banter but they really confuse the guy who did college dropout to really be making a track like this for real they deffo need to put this song in South Park for hanky
told you he was using Ebro for promo lol @REHAB_
Proud of you for sticking up for yourself,Now state the facts of the good things Trump has down.
Your not going to like anything he has to say in his music. He is just being used
When?
PFFT
His new track is dope.
@BeBeZaharaBenet

Lol
I’m with you #Kanye.
Cant wait till it drop.
Nah you good

Keep it in the vault
LOL
Hmm his comments really hit home then if they are worthy of a song from the false prophet.
Thanks for having the guts to buck the trend in Hollywood. You are the man.
co writer: D.Trump
shut up
Beyoncé forgave Jay-Z though:

“And much like you, I have a beautiful wife who’s understanding and knew I’m not the worst of what I’ve done.” - Jay-Z in interview with Elle Magazine (2018)
At least he’s not Chris Brown
Yessss


I disagree with you
Clarify: this is a joke, because Kanye is a republic now.

Love thy neighbor as thyself implies you love someone despite their faults but that does not mean you endorse their faults or the postions they take. For influential people especially it's important those distinctions are made. To say you don't care rings hollow to your truth
@LeisureSuitLiam
SONG DROPS 3 WEEKS LATER.
Well done. I love hearing the REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE's

Where this song wit uzi and trav at?
When when when?
I’m already lit up 
$5 says it ends with "...By Your Bootstraps"
Old rat Ebro. A self fancied man of the streets yet knowingly breaks the number one code. Thou shall not be a snitch! He knowingly speaks of Kanye's struggle with opiods after his breakdown. Now Ye could be losing his$10mil insurance policy. All thx2 @oldmanebro big mouth! 

Always make me laugh
https://twitter.com/annarexic/status/989939767554002944?s=21 … rt
Amazing
As long as @ItsTheCons wrote it for you it will be 
Who cares?!
SCOOPITY WOOP
That garbage with Trump with just to sell a record...shame on America for falling for the bait and switch. Probably Kris Kardashian's idea.

Kanye: “woop de scoop”

everyone : 
Lol
https://instagram.com/p/BiHd6GWn-lg/ 

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
This is so meta. It’s all shit. Everything everyone ever discusses or argues about doesn’t matter. It’s meaningless. It’s poop.
Why are you so concerned with what Ebro thinks.
After hearing the song I guess he’s not 
This was before the song, I see what he did there lol

@kanyewest 
I think it's disgusting that you use people and the media by saying disgusting things and essentially taking the piss out of mental health to promote and sell your music... you're not crazy, you're marketing!

Avoiding monolithic thought should not mean being less than thoughtful. Throwing shade at Obama as a way to stand behind your commentary on trump is a prime example. There’s no one less effective than a rebel without a cause.
When?
I like the old @kanyewest not the new @realDonaldTrump @kanyewest. I use to be @kanyewest  because @kanyewest use to be me.
Fuck you. You're selfishly have give him material all so you can promote your album.
This fake meltdown is so corny!!!
Today

 Julio coming out with the Kanye diss track
Love everyone, but stop straddling the fence either your with us or against us.  Jesus even picked a side.  Pick a side @kanyewest or sit yo ass down & let @JColeNC or @kendricklamar stand up as they were born to do.  You got lost at some point, where we all want to know.
I swear I have found that democrats are the only people that hate others for their political beliefs. Hateful people through and through. Bunch of fascists. Most of them want socialism so it makes sense with hitlers ideas.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OURy5WFp0zk&sns=tw … via @youtube
TLOP was held back by mediocre lyrics but this new development hints at a larger narrative on the state of lyrics in hip hop currently
1977.
They want you to break down.
They will not stop until they think that they have won.
I love you.
Bet
Kanye this Kanye that
No one cares
enough for you to comment lmao
No. That was hate not care.
U should go listen to the song....neither does he
No
You still making bad music? Thought you stopped that lol
You. What's up with that fool?
Dw I got yall
Does it feature a your mom joke followed by a no you?
It must be opposite day...
Follow @PyrocynicalTV Ye
Oh so you reconciled your ignorance by choosing one monolith and not the other? Ok, cool bro.
poopidy doop doop scoop on poop? WTF is that? Sounds like soething my 4 year old made up.
The subservient token black.
Speak your mind and let that hate slide off like youre teflon. Free  speech and free mindedness are dying regardless of the politics. We are  all individuals, we are self defining.
Bro wtf was that
We don’t want to hear it
I don’t care.
Think like they do or they will turn on you.  I guess you’ve proven that this week though haven’t you. #staywoke
Kanye, in all seriousness..... if you got with the right people you could sell a truck load of country albums right now
Love you Kanye.
Lift leaf left wealth or health muccivil
This isn't about the left or the right....or trying to be controversial for attention....but the obligation to get this right and if we continue down this path....remember the part you played and the side if history you will sit. Free your mind for real.
People have control over their own lives to succeed or fail. The current administration isn't stoping anyone from making a living-- unless you're an illegal alien. And it was Obama that was nicknamed "Deporter in Chief," not Trump.

KANYE BE LIKE  CLICK LINK FOR FULL VIDEO         https://youtu.be/UQAoxaNovqY 
@kevimartinez619 KEVIN NO DISRESPECT WATCH THIS VIDEO IM CRINE
Kanye had a condo with pictures of the jetsons and the Flintstones on every wall, and Barney was freestylin in a cage with dre beats on his ears
I STILL BELIEVE IN YEEZUS.. #FAITHINYE #NOTATRUMPSUPPORTER #JAHHELPUSALL 
Welcome to #KanyeWestworld. "You can’t play God without being acquainted with the devil." ~ RobertFord
Do you really support Trump or is this more about the Principal of Power Law 6: Court Attention at all Cost?
THE VIBES IS BACK
What is up by the bootstraps for 500 please?
Thas that shet I've been waiting for.
Instead of dropping bars, why don't you drop the price on your shoes. The price of your shoes, shows the the people how much your out of touch. Or better yet instead of commenting on Obama,  why don't you donate all the money you make from your over priced shoes to Chicago.
@snipav21 lol
Free you
Too bad u don’t write!!!
I just read this article about you and A BIG THANK YOU TO YOU & EVERYONE else for doing this...  you just seem so much more happier now...  thank you & everyone :)
God BLESS & Godspeed :)

♡♡♡
Fuck your songs , you really think you can be link to a white supremacist , rapist racist like @realDonaldTrump and we will support your music , you think less of black people than your bro #goodmusicisdead

 Ye.. I believe you mean well BUT unfortunately mental oppression is only half the problem.. I get what you're trying to accomplish but it doesn't matter how  your bars are..
Good god Man
This must have been some bars from his kids or sum
WHENNNN 
Follow pyro
I solve my own problems in my own writings as well.  Are you looking for any artist?

I'm being serious. This was genuius dragon energy move.
Wtf is this Kanye hahahhaha Scoop hahahah
Here we go... Reigns vs. Lesnar #WWEGRR
would you write this book if you were not dropping songs!!? #creatinghype #youarenobetter

hahahahah fucking fire
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
Maaaaaaan. Freely think to check out @ToneStith
COONERY
Clown 
Replying to @kanyewest
Well you need to do some research!! You as a Black man supporting Trump's ideals is as much of an oxymoron as Caitlyn Jenner being Trans and doing so . Jus makes NO SENSE !!!
Please don't make generalizations... you stay on that democrat plantation of thinking.. the rest of us are done picking cotton.
You are foolish just by assuming I'm a democrat . They Forster dependency to people of color .  I just don't support racist . I unlike you have been free thinking  so unlike you I was never in the fields
Yup trumps a racist that's why his administration gave more money to the black colleges than any president .. he's racist but goes out of his way to hire blacks in his administration.. and he's racist for working with the founder of bet  in helping the black community.
Peace and blessings I have no energy for the brain dead
Bruh I remember u got me hip to pizzagate be patient that idea of black folks leaving the Democratic party before they drop us the dreamers is dangerous stick to ur guns bruh
Whatever drugs u on I’ll take 8 thank u
Man!!!!! The dopest thing out right now. God Bless Ebro
You sound like a local rapper spamming everyone's timeline with some "new heat' 

That’s called a push-up, dude.
The beat, Ye and TIP bringing straight !! Never takes long for merch to arrive right 
Who cares, you’ll never be honored with a Pulitzer, you rambling has been.
You nori, & saint needa “lift yourself” outta that damn house ! We WANT THE OLD Ye’ back mane.
Is Trump dropping a verse on it? Lmao
Shit would be too 

Glad to see you happy like the old Kanye! Can’t wait to see you drop some heat
TOL ya
Watch blue checkmark, liberal plantation attack dogs howl!
@johnlegend is trying hard, deny, deceit, condone, lie, throw a label, repeat. No more. Never again.
#VictimCulture vs #VictorCulture
Con las mamadas que haz publicado a favor de Trump. NO ME INTERESA. PERO GRACIAS.
This beat is  did Saint help you write this tho?

Baaaars bruuh! 
wow when did you think of all this? before or after kissing Trumps ass 
It’s so sad that youve made your entire career about clickbait. You used to be talented. You gotta find your heart again brother.
@TakoidTV bro he hasssssss to trolling  lmao
So when are you dropping the new album Kanye!?
Wtf was this Kanye? A 4yr old with a xylophone could make a better song then this 

You are the best, better than all the rest...WE LOVE YOU


(((Ebro)))
Now you know you play too much 
Future would approve of those bars.

You know how I know you're full of shit? Because you didn't even vote, and nothing was stopping you. If you really gave a shit about Trump, you would have. Not only that, you have yet to say exactly what you agree with Trump on. Which of his policies made you love him? I'll wait.

Eat one
Ya jealous!!!!! 
The bars we heard already???
The king is back...
 scoop-di-poop? Whaat!??

#LiftYourself
 chi-town stand up!!!!
Lol it’s obvious what’s going on here. Kanye your a genius. Everything going on is for this man’s album drop. He wants the promo and controversy  Album gone be flames
LOVED IT!
So I guess I'm gonna have to wait for Kendrick to shout out James Shaw Jr
Basically. 
Are you on 10 yet?

Prove it. Release it right now.
He's releasing 5 albums, 7 tracks each.  Sounds fucking delusional and I feel sorry for any kid that buys his garbage.
And I think people should drop you from their play-list.
Lmao gotttttt emmmmmmm
