Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...

Make Fashion Basic Again!
You’re so rude.
GENIUS
I LOVE KANYE
#MyPresidents
WHAT IN THE WORLD
Kanye what's goin on there big guy?

Lol
I'm not saying Kanye West is involved at all in the #TrumpRussia scandal.

But I AM saying he has Russian ties, and was there right after the 2016 election. https://www.vogue.com/article/kanye-west-gosha-rubchinskiy-moscow-russia …
He’s a Russian troll bot now like the rest of us
Yep.
The Democrats' latest Russian agent? @KanyeWest. 
https://twitter.com/funder/status/991775864475017216 …
I can’t even afford to watch this video
This is Amina Blue, who Kanye has called his muse.  

5 things about here: http://www.entitymag.com/amina-blue-kanye-west/ …
Ye has so much clout that when he got fat, rather than dieting or exercising, he convinced the whole fashion world that massive, oversized, flubber-hiding sweatsuits your recently divorced uncle crashed dinners in circa '96, were now chic. That's power man.




Read truth Ye!!!! Thank you!!! @kanyewest 
#MAGAforall #FactsOverFeelings 
History Matters

Education Matters 

…
#FactsOverFeelings
Surprise surprise 

@CNN @jaketapper part of the leaky corrupt underbelly of deep state!…
My boi kanye is a genius
We Love you Kanye!!! #MAGA 
Amina Blue looks ready to star in a horror movie. It’s awesome. I want to be there

yo @REALMusicFAM @LilMissTNM @TFBTWEETDJ @ThatLadyRayne @LadyRayneInvest oh screw it The Whole #MusicFAM Make sure you guys make a meme for Ed if he comes down the a timeline ;)
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye Called "I miss The Old Kanye? Man, that'd be so Kanye 
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye.
People claiming Kanye said Slavery was a choice
Only prove everything he said was right

they operating on EMOTION - not truth or reality

Thats not what he said- if they listened they would know
but they all emotion no thought
Kanye has said that he wants people to choose with their feelings, to get out of their heads ... so emotions are cool in his reality.

All this ugly expensive clothes, tell me how your changing the world again?
I hope the album is finished

not all heroes wear capes.  
#liftyourselfchallenge
Kanye let me borrow 60 bucks ill pay you back this weekend
Kanye number #1
mood


Wasn’t it called “What to the Slave is the Fourth of July?”
Yes, Michael, this speech is also known by that title. You are a student of history…
I'm sure it's probably been the same for you, but every dressing room I've ever been in when I was on stage, was coed and weird...
Mostly acting...I was in a few bands when I was younger...Funny thing, I truly feel the Lord protected me from the real pit of vipers.

Every time I tried to go further, something would stop me from going further.

I was offered a theater scholarship to ASU, 2 events stopped me.
Ready and willing to do whatever he has planned.🕆

I just saw this video testimony of @JimmyCaviezel , Powerful is an understatement.

Why man
attention
That badu 
Ah good, Kanye got one of the ban shee fairies on fillum at last. Now we have the proof!

“Wake up Mr West...!!!” <cue drums> 
Up your meds
What are we looking at here? What's left of your fan base?
#MAGA 

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …

You hiring?
Possibly album of the year... 

If timbaland, just blaze, kanye west and dr dre got together to produce an album it'd sound like this...
Delete
Why are you so obsessed with fish sticks anyways?

Kanye the free thinker = Kanye the Salsesman

Horse face fucker Michelle Wolf needs to go back to her abortion clinic gig.
Kanye trolling the homeless with his clothing line
Baduizm forever 

 I saw a little color!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Now keep seeing in color.... Do more...push the envelope more. Make us want to support this line because it's awesome...& suited for every type of person. Especially the ones who appreciate...color  Be Blessed Mr.West


Can everybody reetweet me so I can work for Kanye
Boy you in Goodwill Shopping, Shout Out to Kanye
That Erykah Badu tho
INSIDE OF YEZZUS STORE TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Thanks for being you.

BRING ICARLY TO BRAZIL

All we need is love
Y'all fast with these comments
love you
Hi

Alright. I guess it’s time to start the process. Here’s the first song off my new tape “Troubled Boy” featuring vocals from Troubled Boy himself @KidCudi. This song sets the tone for the whole project. Meant only for…
Slavery was a choice

https://instagram.com/p/BiGvG9MnW7X/  
Send me waverunners pls
GOAT
Daz put a Crip hit out on you Kanye because of your Donald Trump comments
Kanye is a good person just like his ancestors who were enslaved. He is being used by the conservatives to be manipulated and enslaved and betrayed again just like at the start of this country.
What It take to get a job at the factory bro
Pretentiousness
hi just throwing this out but I'm 6'0 34-25-37
Can you cash app me $50 I’ll pay you back

I don't get what that video is about.  Like at all.
At this point I believe he's particularly retarded, no other explanation.
Sure that's fair.  I was legit confused and super uncomfortable.  It was like watching a horror movie or when people mix all the flavors at soda machines.

Love these behind the scenes clips!  Shows how much hard work behind the camera it takes to create images that show your product beautifully in front of it.
Sweet... Derelicte!  It's such a good look.
You have it right!! You got the courage to step forward. Behind you 100 percent!!
Looks like clothing for homeless people
I HATE KANYE AND THE KARDASHIANS ANYWAY SO THIS IS EASY...
BOYCOTT ADIDAS.
BOYCOTT KANYE.
BOYCOTT KARDASHIANS.
THEY SUCK...

Ppl say THEY believe in God but do they, @HarveyLevinTMZ said the brain is more powerful than the heart Guess what, God controls our heart and our heart is love and Harvey doesnt love everyone but he is gay and he know hes breaking Gods rule
@RealCandaceO have to realize, ppl are Programmed to love negativity  the fake news, tmz, wendy, facebook etc. Im not sure how to change that. Too much good news will lose ppl attention.

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 … Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ArchaicSoundInVividMotion #ComingSoon 

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 

Affairs [Produced By Culli] by Culli | Purchase Link : https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-brightside/1236242065 … Taken from the album The Brightside EP. #TheBrightsideEP 
Can I get curly-haired guy's number? asking for a friend.
Yeezy season peeps, get with the program
White slaves wearing his slave clothes
If you will let me join your team. It will be the African story
This shows how some people in the industry are just the dead walking.. geez give that person a boost this was creepy

Why this remind me of every pretty little liars scene ever.
Yo I'm otw
Kanye , When you gone get a hat? World Melanin Group
is this @fatbellybella ??
The Young and The Thirsty
Trash
Ye Wins Wit Da Soft Porn 
You have rich guy tunnel vision man. Your a regular exciting guy. I hung with a dude just like you in highschool. His blank stare made me sick and shudder as much as yours. See while saying!! Keep up, Your dragging behind socially. We know your lame without rap. It's okay. Peace
Sign me, dude. That's how I feel.
Clothes looking like the grand reaper walking in 

Who wants to explain capitalism and its effects on Africans to Kanye?
What is that song I think I heard it before???????
Dope 
Are you just following Amina around to watch and record her undress and change clothes
yooo is that @bryantgiles123?
Please let us know what about these products or models are innovative/unique/ forward thinking?
I need some badu in my life.
@bryantgiles123 
#ReleaseTheTextsUnredacted


What’s that song it’s so familiar...
You’re cucking about yourself now
crappy clothes
Did you forget to set up dressing rooms?
cant be played.
wtf
Again, corny
Shit I love her
"someone took the laptop yesterday"  

again?!?!
Creepy ass video.
It’s just all a bunch of nothing, disguised as something. Again, you have this tremendous platform and this is what you choose to share?
Can I please please please please please be your top model @kanyewest  I want to be forever on your runway
I’m glad your a white hoodie. Thank you, your fighting for America. The real America

Broski I’m ready for another album!
YASSS a tune !
I wanna be there kanye. I wanna meet you.
Yo play me in some Scene It if not your soft
Dr Anthony Napoleon - look him up Kanye, he KNOWS you
Look at all the white people


@fatbellybella can’t possibly approve of this tweet. #bettercalltyrone
Erykah Badu- On & On 
If you’re ever In Miami  #textleezy

Trash
Homeless looking people are about to technically look worse than me but have more money. 2018 is a trip.
hypno
Have you read Piers Morgan's article?
Ye
Whens kanye brand clothing coming bro
Man Kanye fuck you
Badu in the back 
i bought my first pair of yeezys today 
murp.
The genius at work!!
Come save Chicago with me!! Please Retweet#kanyewest
Please say sorry for the slavery comment
He already clarified what he meant by the comment.
I wanna see some fly henleys! Those are gone Ye! Bring em back
I’m only here for amina
Kanye, please stick to fashion! 
Invite me
LOL:
