love for humanity and conservatism are incompatible
Untrue
Conservatism/Capitalism is nothing more than selfishness. I, for one, am selfish and have no issue admitting it. But to suggest it's anything other than selfishness is blatant denial of its actual definition.
If you are going to use a principle to lay judgement on another then you should really make sure you take no part in that principle ie have a job, worldly goods when others starve etc

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
Ali got RT by Kanye 

Great Times to be alive
Wtf are you even talking about my dude?! I give you an alternative value. #sensationalism This isn’t about love. That’s a cop out. You first assume that we need this new album. We don’t. That’s super self important of him. #sensational even. Gtfoh. #lincolndouglasmyass.
Don’t be so angry. Love you bro!
Ali is saying if #theresistance doesn't have a better alternative they are not going to win. #MAGA is the Republican agenda. Bashing Trump all day is the #resist agenda. Dems hate Trump but don't have a better campaign. Dem campaign is to just take down Trump, geez.
@Worknottwerk
Kanye and I are talking about uniting, not winning. This wasn’t a strategy tip for the far-left.
The left has no intentions on uniting, lol. So in that case, Red will win.
all I will say is tiki torches are not love, trump saying we have good on both sides is not love
I can perfectly criticize the MAGA slogan without suggesting an alternative because of the racist connotations it brings. To me what you are saying is just too general. No one is trying to win the argument against Kanye because he isn’t going to change his position
He is building his whole philosophy around the idea of love, but he isn’t explaining anything either. He is just telling us - base your actions on love not fear, etc etc... But he himself has said he is a proud non-reader. His philosophy is more that of a motivation guide book 
Because that is all the explanation you need when it is truth being told to you. Fear is the opposite of love. No matter what religion or scientific belief or expertise you hold fear is never a good thing. Love always is. Truth needs no argument.
The problem is he isn’t just only talking about basing your actions on love (he is mixing this main concept with statements like “you should not care about ownership of ideas” (a statement that’s easy for him since he is already famous and wealthy...)
it's 2018 dawg nobody cares what value Kanye West is running if he doesn't have a clear standard
The idea that this is all Kanye studying persuaders and playing some sort of 4D chess rather than just trying to generate clicks for his new album is honestly the most laughable part of this entire 'debate'
no dude he watched all those Scott Adams videos and opened his third eye
Glad I unfollowed a long time ago tbh
Hey Ali! Thanks for sharing your thoughts. So my issue with kanye's love premise is it is not engaging the truth of what America's history and present role of people of color and the role of America to the world. Love can't just be limited to those in your close proximity.(1)
(2) True love cannot just be limited to America. 
For example, if you preach love and take a picture with a man who holds up a white power sign (an ideology that is both false and harmful to all involved) doesn't love bear a responsibility to protect? His love seems incomplete
The problem with MAGA is the last part "again". When was America last great for all Americans? Love doesn't take sides. We must align ourself with love and come out of the ways the world has conformed us to think. Make the world great. Make America Just is more loving than great.
Trump has never suggested in his political campaign or in office that groups should be oppressed +he boasts much about empowering all Americans.The major real contracts is in regards to legal immigrants +towards illegal immigrants he does place the country's interest over theirs.
Saying it's about love is a smoke screen when what is being promoted is not love. You can't tell me it's about love and then ban trans people from military service.
You can't tell me it's about love and then eliminate the civil rights protections for minorities in both the Justice Department and the Education Department.
Yes! Thank you!
Not sure how you can even use Love and Trump in the same sentence. The only black people he has any love for are the ones who praise him and shine his shoes! Spare me!
That would mean I’d be calling my fiancé grandchildren and son in law stupid! NOT!!!
Hi, I love your analysis on the Kanye v. TI rap. I just want to say some of Tupac's music carried the same message. Plenty of white folks grew up listening to that and others. We're not as far appart as some want us to think we are.
I'm not talking about just listening to rap because it's cool. I'm talking about hey I can relate to that. That dude is talking about my life. I suggest; Black Jesus, Dear Mr. President, & My Block. Just a few.... #staystrapped
Love?
Hank, these people make up such a small portion (my guess would be less than .001%) of the right wing.
I'm not talking right wing or Republican... Republicans aren't racist at all imo, but the message that Trump preached during his entire campaign emboldened these shadow groups that hid in the backwoods and blogs to now they're pushing themselves mainstream.
Aren't these sorts of people always seeking attention though? The media fuels them when they cover them. We should abide by the following principle: don't feed the trolls. Except in this case they're not trolls but white supremacists.
This a danger to ignore
Even more dangerous to exaggerate
Exactly Hank, those real "alt-right" types are maybe 200 in the entire US. And half of them are Fed informants. 

There are 10x more Antifa types out there who have REAL funding behind them and have committed 10x more real violence.
You're out of your mind if you calculate 200 "alt-right"members... Either that are you're highly misinformed.
you know something...Kanye has brought more critical attention & media coverage to so many topics and even himself than beyonce & jay-z have done these past 2-3 years. stay woke.
Define woke. Please.
(1/2) population would not see. in regards to what I said Not everybody is noticing the fact that Jay-Z & Beyonce intentionally tried their hardest to gain and sustain major media coverage to this level with their personal issues. Manipulating their fans into staying interested.
Isn’t that what Kanye is going? Manipulating people to stay interested in him?
Not as directly manipulating as Beyonce.
I don’t even know what that means.
Manipulating through false promises =/= to stating how you actually feel and why you feel that way.
Attempting to co-opt a hegemonic ideal (MAGA), that is used to oppress, only reinforces that oppression. The right has co-opted much of the language out of the civil Rights era and used it against social movements, not the other way around.
Take the blinders off my friend and ask a neutral party what MAGA. Unfortunately, too many have allowed agenda biased media/influence to tell them what to think. MAGA has nothing to do with oppression it is quite the opposite.
Relevance has been brought back to the hip hop community, thank you Kanye!! Lets go!!
lmao, the man who spends his time posting about filling surveys to make money... for sure 
Love doesn't pick sides and everything gets weighed against love of both sides. To hold love to a set of particulars and formulas deems love null. Love either is or isnt.
Love does pick sides.
Your own pure love is yours. When you compare yours to others thats judgmental of love.
Right on. Love Trumps Hate. (See how that works?)
The Left is violent. Y’all tried killing a dozen Congressmen and beat up Trump supporters leaving rallies regularly.
BS! There is so much hate spewing from the “other” side that you’d have to be blind not to see! Open your eyes abd your mind!
Great points!
As a reminder, of Lincoln and Douglas, Stephen A. Douglas was the conservative; in other words, to preserve the union, don't take the radical path of abolishing slavery.  But I digress; applying modern politics to the 1860s is a mistake.
At university i read books by egg heads discussing (during the depression) whixh economic models would last, die or thrive. 
Capatilsm imperialism
Communism
Fascism (ethnic socialism)
#Love
Your meme say they won't think with their skin tone. But when I clicked to read the rest the first line mentions the skin tone, black. SMH
Kayne is going to go down in the history books as the leader of the Great Awakening. MAGA Kayne!
Not even gonna lie this guy would crush University debate
"...He's studying Scott Adams a master persuader" "MASTER PERSUADER"? Here is where the fault lies. Politics is about specific policies&deeds that lead2real consequences affecting peoples lives. THAT is what you&KW should be studying. Let love guide u, but study &comment on facts
LD sucks do some research
This is next level chess stuff
It’s all just about free advertising is all....Kanye learned Trumps secret.
#MAGA
When U graduate from online college
My old Yeezy is back!!
Young man capitalism is death devestation and chaos. Kanye knows nothing of love. He doesn't even love himself enough to see he is a pawn that's been sacrificed.
Unity, brother.  The world is getting better faster than we can appreciate.  If you notice yourself openning your heart ... only you can experience what you may discover.
Unity is an illusion as long as ego plagues human kind. Values and principals have been under attack, and this chaotic society is the bi product of that.
The O.K. Inverted hand signal of the Right Hand is numerically equivalent 2 “S”19 having passed through “R”18 which is 6+6+6 and this years awakening. Finding our hands in the dream Reveals first the Devil)(Lived then his M8 Satan.
Awesome!
This guy is very smart. He understands rhetoric and argumentation in a way few do.
Kanye is dead. Long life Kanye.
Let’s spread love not hate.
But my point of view is a god. My experiment in my superior viewpoints must be run! In the name of love of course. My fans will be my litmus!

what’s goin on with yo mouth
@joshblakeley1
Let him SPEAK freely..new album dropping. Hold onto you $$. #GrabYourWallet
What are u talking about? West is purposely turning against blacks and towards a man who claims skinheads and Nazis are fine ppl. That’s insane. He has no intellectual/spiritual balance. I didn’t know what the hand symbol meant til you told us. Means nothing to ppl who don’t kno
@:53 what are you saying? He's what? I couldn't understand what you said.
Bruh I ain’t about to listen to a nigga with permed hair
Thank you
Is it me or does this guy look like Sammy Davis, Jr?
I thought the same lol.
Wow

The Rat Pack wouldn't be happy with the route Sammy is taking.

the way @kanyewest is handling all this heat from being #MAGA has really lead me to handle my own support for #POTUS in the same way...with love. there's no need for divisiveness. why bring in conflict or hate as if i do not have the right to choose if i'm black? #hotep  #1A
Nah
Yeah
Just lost. That’s all
If Kanye is near the CA/MEX border he ought to hop down there. He can visit those children's separated from their parents. Honduran families. Gotta be cold hearted
What in the world 
He seems to value sexual immortality. True love does not delight in evil. Evil harms. Love protects.
Love does not delight in evil.
There is nothing of "love" in @realDonaldTrump  building walls that block the human family from a better heaven and a higher love on a real planet where the land was stolen, conned and murdered for in the first place.  Maps are artificial lines drawn by the greedy and powerful.
This kid is missing his opportunity to be the next Sammy Davis Jr.
This is the same argument when we talk about so called African nobody seems to see us As humans love spelled backwards is evol
This maga thing seems to be mawa which is why no one fuh with it if trump moved of love why is he building a wall from a country that was built off immigrants
Love thy racists?
When did the world get so complicated Man finds home
Man finds job
Man meets women 
Man makes family 
Man lives good fucking life 
Oh yeah MAN smokes fire weed 
END OF FUCKN STORY FOLKS
@ScottAdamsSays
http://www.lulu.com/shop/destiny-watson/all-aspects-of-life-destiny/paperback/product-15707927.html …
This makes no sense, when the Indians and aboriginals of this land showed love what happened ??? They got raped, murdered, and their land stolen from them. Kanye is still trying to make sense of this continuous stupidity he's placed himself in. You align with this? #facts
I agree Ali, and i find kanyewest the toughest entrepreneur inside and outside the music industry. Who knowns the president could record a tought rap song with Kanyewest.
Well. How you win the debate is you use facts. Facts can’t be challenged by emotion, only interpretation of the facts. It’s why evidence is above all in court cases. Arm yourself with facts.
Get a job dude
It is because love does trump hate... love is a higher energy than hate. That is why President Trump is having so much success because he does things because he loves our country and wants us to continue to thrive. The left are just resisting because they hate President Trump.
What kinda bong rip freshman year 2AM philosophizing is this?
This whole thing has been interesting to watch. Though I reserve my deeper comments for later. I want to wait and see what happens a year from now. Jussst watching, listening. I will say this though. Peoples reactions are very telling.
Dont know how long my account will last but ppl report me cus i support @realDonaldTrump and @kanyewest my gemini brothers may not always be verbally nice but they have good hearts
I think we tend to “pounce” and argue prior to listening. I know I have a habit of that, it definitely makes sense to ask “why do you feel that way” that being said I get the love sentiment; but if you’re gonna ride for a president they better have more that “dragon energy”

He Got Knocked Tf Out  #knockout #WSHH #fight #sleep 
THE BLACK MAN WILL NEVER ASCEND

weak argument.
Stay strong, brother. 
Who knew Sammy Davis Junior had this kind of insight?
Just Wow! Everything is weighed against love and its too high a standard for them to meet, as is truth!
Kanye must be praised for coming off the Democrat plantation .

#WHCD THEY STICK TOGETHER WHILE THEY PREACH TO US ABOUT HOW INCLUSIVE WE SHOULD BE, CALLING US EVERY NAME THEY CAN THINK TO CALL US WHILE BEHIND CLOSED DOORS IF THEY…
... do you honestly think that showing support for trump is going to erase people’s hate for him? That just because you follow him others will choose to as well? People can forgive but never forget.People can love but they won’t forget. @kanyewest
Kanye is trying to change the perception everyone has for the fraise “make America great again”. Trying to make everyone move on and bring love. Unite everyone. But sorry @kanyewest there are just certain things that need be dealt with differently...
You have renewed my faith in young Americans. Politics aside, I love your mind and your ability to discern. Well done.
Fighting against an agenda won’t give you truce and truce is the only way to get peace. Y’all should try to understand Kanye West and stop hating on him for a minute. #kanyewest
yup
LOVE is the Greatest Gift of ALL. 

 #LoveAlwaysWins
I HATE MOFO #Vimeo!

Never, ever any #captions!

No #deafpeople like me could ever watch any damn Vimeo vid!

I want to see what this guy says!
The NEW ABOLITIONIST MOVEMENT is rollin’! BLACKAMUNDO!


Kanye West is a 'proud non-reader' of books:  (via @_DAA:) cc @Jerojz
Reading your ad on the screen?
Is that Sammy Davis Junior, Jr?
Your right @kanyewest decided to do something great and make this about live for one another. In the end love always wins.
LOVE VS HATE
Why did you bring up all these other names? What's the agenda
Did Tell
BUILD 
Validation.  https://twitter.com/heartful_ness/status/990584028758724613?s=21 …
#TheLoveFactor #heartfulnessway #SundayThoughts #history
Sublimating the ego dissolves all barriers so that we can become one with everything. We become one wholesome entity, no longer partisan towards this or that, no longer affected by likes and dislikes, and no longer suffering…
Great post.  #TheLoveFactor  and politics. #capitalism #PoliticsToday #politics #love #SundayThoughts
As a public Forum debater, If our president harassing women is love, and god is our judge... and If god believes that is okay.... then fine you should win this debate; but last I checked, god doesn’t support that...the president should be(and isn’t) a positive embodiment of US is
Not hating or anything, I’m just trying to understand where the “positive role model to all of America” part of the presidency is at with this president... and even if there is, how does that outweigh the “negative role model” part of Mr. Trump
It’s endearing but inaccurate Kanye isn’t studying anything he’s like Trump he’s blasting tweets randomly. Don’t confuse Trump with love or MAGA
You Sir are Brilliant 
So true. People are starting to wake up. Trump is trying to take down the deep state that controls people. They want black against white. pro choice against pro life. So while we are all fighting against each other on those issues they can control everything else! Wake up America
The hood don’t know nothing about this. Give them an ELI5 version stat.
Thank you Sammy Davis Jr
@jordanbpeterson <3
What forensic speech and debate class did he get this nonsense?

• I was one of the top debaters in the US
• I beat 5000 others to make the final Student Congress for the National Forensics League
• 2 years running I was the best mock trial attorney in Texas. They…
When you have no electricity education or proper housing for almost a year. We still have love ! It seems you are not informed as to what is happening in the world.
Did i hear correctly?  Kanye is studying Jordan Peterson?  Kanye is delving into the intellectual stratosphere.  Look out.  This is very important.  Kanye has the power to bring us back together.  Not even sure if he realizes how big this is.  I pray he does and that he continues
Man shut up and go outside

I think we fail to understand ppl without a simple plot. Ppl are always quick to hate , ppl are quick to get angry , assume And think they know more about someone’s life becuz it’s public. Ppl are so quick to follow . I’m starting to understand I just hope in the end well.
We and everyone in this country and the world needs to be more loving and embrace our differences with respect.
It’s obvious to me @kanyewest is intentionally stoking passions to challenge people to be more civil to each other. To debate respectfully instead of trying to destroy each other.
Everyone wants to suck up to the man at the top but Trump will shit on you the second you question or disagree with him.
That’s interesting.  I would add that Kanye has entered a higher state of consciousness and his detractors mostly exist at a state where Kanye once existed.  They are going to have a difficult time even developing a message more powerful.


Agree man!

Great way of seing it!
Amen
Solid! Thanks for sharing!!!
By refusing to take the bait and be gaslighted, by insisting differences are normal and he has love for all, irrespective of everything, Kanye has sucked the venom out of those trying to control him.
You wanted to feel like @realDonaldTrump but your looking more like @RealJamesWoods - we have all just witnessed a career going down in flames #mokeysbelonginazoo
agreed!!! the message is love, but if ye wants to make a DIFFERENCE, he would TALK to trump on issues. he should at least have a meaningful dialog with the dude to get us on common ground
The media/entertainment industry are about 95% responsible for all the Trump hate. For example, media/ent industry used to all love Trump, and back then so did most other ppl. I'm not saying Trump is completely innocent but most ppl are brainwashed into thinking he's the devil.
Outstanding analysis...
The more the one side is about hate, it will cause the good people to wake up, and see the other side, because once we wake up,,,, we can never slumber again,, Thank You Kanye
Youre not serious.

The misogynistic Attack Dog of the Resistance Soxfan311 should listen to this. Soxfan311 is a hate filled, uneducated misogynistic piece of trash who attacks innocent women and has a heart filled with hate.
You absolute dult. Traditional debate structure is flawed due to several keys factors in its composition. It only holds weight in a pragmatic sense of which can’t account for its recursive nature.

https://www.pscp.tv/w/bbVfhjF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MVBsSlFYTGVncXFHRWl9rBFImPlvaXOcRn6HGBLikHXGJ1OC-I3EdNCf3v2e …
@DegeneratedPoet @kwestionmarc @GavinSchalliol @FloSchalliol
#FreeThinker
cancer
After watching the tweeter-in-chief at the Michigan rally, the penny dropped...
This Trump-Kanye bromance is just a cheap mutual endorsement deal.
I suspect it is going to damage both of you.
Trump tries out his negro jive:
“Kanye West gets it ... he gotzit!...”
OMG another smart young black person! This is terrible for Democrats.

You had me at @jordanbpeterson man 
Jordan is a hero....
I fell off my chair when I heard that @kanyewest studies @jordanbpeterson ... Nothing we need more today than for the correct teachings in the field of humanities to influence art.
Keep up the @jordanbpeterson . It will do you and your fans (and the world) nothing but capital G Good. What a world changing event this will be. There's going to be too much winning and love going on in the near future.
Urkle IS A BEAST!
On point. The difficulty is that we inhabit an age in which the ad hominem easily mitigates weighing propositions. If a clown were to jump out of a car screaming 2+2+4!!! it's still an argument that can be had. And one that I would lose by dismissing the source out of hand.
I get what you're sayin but Lyor Cohen was not throwing up a White Power symbol. He runs a company called 300 entertainment and has made public statements that the  doesn't mean white power. He does it to rep his company.
The sign this young man gave, sorry that was not a love sign.
By saying he’s loving the #MAGA platform he is saying he accepts accepts and supports  the harmful practices that #MAGA, and it’s creator, embodies. This is unacceptable. You can show love for humanity without arguing for harmful people and practices. He isn’t achieving this.
You need to read more.
Agreed, as reading is the one thing I do every single day without fail. I love reading.  Always happy to do more of what I love.
this is something else. and its good



something is hapeening, and it is good
you are a very important person
I think hes is just studying good sense right now
I’d just like to add that when Kanye seeded love and made the value about love, it goes both ways. It’s not just “liberals” not loving “conservatives” (Shania, Roseanne). It also swings back to “conservatives” not loving  “liberals” (Parkland Students, John Legend)
That's fair
.
Ali is the guy who went along with @jack and his mass purge of conservatives.
Watch another black man #DesmondMarrow get his teeth kicked out and almost choked to death by laughing white police officers. Your friend Trump encourages and supports every day.
Even if you Kanye you still a nugger
Kanye wouldn't care about the value debate - he would win the ROB
"Knowledge is true opinion." 
Plato
@of_the_saints @the4thsharman
https://m.soundcloud.com/alix-bresler-1/kanye-loves-trump … Love this
Kid makes a good point.  There’s something extra special about a black nerd 
What a time to be alive.
Indeed
Amen!! The left have forgotten their roots of tolerance, and objectivity.
Ok Debbie im not even sure URights are allowed2use the word tolerance in any way shape or form. 
tolerance.the only roots u all know about are the roots ur mexican gardener strains his back pulling &the ones you get dyed. Good news there is a book ROOTS. Read it!
@kanyewest what do you know about @jordanbpeterson
Cool 
Still playing games with the pseudo occult music industry! If you want to call them all out and expose them then do it! @kanyewest #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise
'In the sunken place'
Hi! It's almost like looking into the rabbit hole and being afraid that Kim Kardashian is going to be staring right back up at you! @ovadosepeace #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise
Actually I wouldn't wish that on anyone! @ovadosepeace #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise
End Thread #WitchSalyers2
Welvun da Great is back!
Love it, so intelligent. That’s how we should speak with instead of at each other but some of those criminals on top will not concede cause they got more then just freedom to lose; they may hang for their crimes. Think: Rothchilds, Rockefellers, Brits Royals
ur cringe
“But I will come to you soon, if the Lord is willing, and I will find out not just the talk of these arrogant people, but [evaluate] their [spiritual] power [whether they live up to their own claims]. For the kingdom of God is not based on talk but on power.”
1 CORINTHIANS 4
Makes Sense
This is not even kanye posting here! It's political drama! Whose controlling the agenda? #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise
Whose putting up the fake pics? Whose controlling the narrative? You are all being deceived! #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise
Fake pic? Whose agenda? #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise
Kanye liked this post lmao, he's about to spit Girioux in his next track.
Go away before I replace you with a simple chat bot.


This is really an heard statement ever.
Some people can go very low.
Talking Trash...Trump questioned the legitimacy of the first Black POTUS AND continues to support white nationalists...The MOB is the community of decency and truthfulness.
Care about yourself and your family.
I hear you. @kanyewest is channeling Jesus and The Beatles. All you need is LOVE. Which is an ideology actually. Just not Democrat or Republican. And all of us, you, me, them, everybody EVERYBODY needs somebody to love.
Oh so people booing Latin people at the #MAGA #TrumpRally was love. Trump said "@kanyewest gets it," so Kanye you get booing Latin people? You think its love that @therealroseanne called high schooler @davidhogg111 a Nazi? Grow up @Ali
I FEEL Kanye should collaborate with @eminem

Love triumphs all but we have a lot of negativity but one is going to win and I hope @kanyewest can bring people together with his music.
Resolv Presentation from SAP Innovation Summit 2018: Resolv suite of desktop applications for SAP Business One - MS-SQL and SAP HANA, as well as Mobile & Cloud applications based on SAP Fiori & SAP Cloud >> https://youtu.be/aNSu0qroQmk  << #sapbusinessone  #webclientnow @SAPCloud
