
Wow this lowkey flames Kanye release this

Come on guys lol wtf

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
Trump accomplishments
ISIS is finished
Stock Mrkt reached an all-time high
Consumer confidence at 17-year high
2M jobs created
Mortgage applications for new homes rise to a 7-year high
Unemployment 17-year low
N KOREA talking nuclear sanction

What are people so mad about?
They're paying to much for car insurance...? Hell, I have no idea.
media has them all brainwashed?  I am not even a republican but i can see things clear.    Got some weird folks out there.
How can any reasonable person on either side of ANY debate deny this message that Kanye is trying to spread #onelove
How can any reasonable person give two shits what he’s trying to spread?
Yet here you are...


I thought we was supposed to love each other bruh
Kanye, are you sure all your friends are cool with your convos being put on twitter?
Haha pathetic
kanye is gay 
Because he likes fish sticks?

Why do you find this funny? Wouldn’t you rather have love than hate? I know I would.
IU regardless

Check my pinned tweet to win one!
Like for Kanye 2024
Are you texting Wes Hoolahan
Hey good talk brother
2024
LIKE IF U READY TO GO TO WAR FOR KANYE IN 2024

Lift Yourself, A Story

By @kanyewest 
Illustrated by @papa_smurf34 
I love the thought of loving everyone.  I've been smiling with strangers in Philadelphia for the last couple years.  No matter what you look like, everyone smiles and it brightens people's day.  Here is a short video of my #smilepartners.
The devil works hard but Kris Jenner works harder
LOVE THE WORLD
I LOVE BITCOIN
#PePe loves ya, bro! F*CK their feelings
Way to go Mr. West! Someone that is saying all the right things and standing up to millions of people should get all the respect! Thank You! Mr. West!
This really hit deep. 
While peeps were calling him a warmonger, a homophobe, and a racist, 
Trump ended the Korean War, appointed the first gay ambassador to Germany, appointed Lorna M. Mahlock as the first black female to serve as a general in the USMC. and got endorsed by Kanye all the same week!
the Korean War ended in 1953
Technically no flowboat. There was no passage between them, they made it possible with this peace treaty to have peace.
I miss the old kanye the one where we used to hook up
Take this L, thot

.Trump / Kanye

--> http://redpillphilosophy.com/trump-kanye-finally-someone-with-balls-2020/ …
Me at the beginning of a new relationship
Love conquers hate.

Positivity brings success.

This is what MAGA is.

You must love yourself before you can truly love others.
At least tell us who Gabe is.
Look at my African American. They love each other.
Love begets love. Spread love.

Kanye: “woop de scoop”

everyone : 
is this the new wave? posting personal texts?
It's all about love until your family gets deported, till you have to pay your rent on poverty wages, etc. Politics isn't about love, it's about getting the policies that people need in place.
Wha wha if your family broke the law to get in the country then they deserve to be deported until they decide they want to actually do it the legal way. Fix your own problems we got PLENTY of our own.
People don’t understand that nobody is against immigration. They’re against ILLEGAL immigration.
"Illegal immigrants" came here to do very hard and unrewarding work for very little pay. Don't just someone else's house just because it isn't yours.
Your message of love is the reason you are being praised across cultural and ethic lines. Don't let anyone stop you.

"Don’t be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good."  (Rom 12:21)

I'd love to have a conversation about faith if you have some time. It's the root of love.
I predicted over a year ago that the black community would be leading the way in turning around the evil in this country.All Americans have been used by politicians for so long & sick of the 24/7 media that promotes hate & fear.This isn't a Rep vs Dem issue. It's a good vs evil.
You are culturally emboldening a whole lot of people who have been previously kept their real beliefs to themselves.

On the good side: people like Shaq, who break convention to support Trump.

In the bad side: those that are mad at you for doing do.

They won't stand.

Huzzah!
Now you’re starting to make some sense. Keep it going...
Can we get “love the world” tattoos @carmtenita
 with crossed out fuck
@zoedora Hahahaha this is hilarious
Kanye West is helping change OUR world. You can help too; be the change that you want to see. Perfection isn't necessary; progress is all that matters. 

Bless you and yours, Mr. West.
Does Donald Trump love the People from “Shithole counties” of the world?
I hope you catch leprosy and your dick falls off.
"Love love love love" X
Deep
Poop-de-di scoop
Scoop-de-di whoop
Whoopty scoopty poop
Poop-di scoopty
Scoopty whoop
Whoop-de-di scoop, whoop poop
Poop-de-di, scoop, whoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-de-di whoop
Whoop-de-di scoop
Whoop-de-di scoop, poop
I love Gabe too
lmaoooo not the tattoo!!!!!!
@Tip had a strong message in Ye vs the people

What i like about you is that you always invert new things in the  world. Do things that others can not do keep it  up my G.
The day we all realize love is letting each other have our own beliefs, differences, and opinions is the day we will all unify. ~ J
Call the album Love The World
Peace, love, unity & having fun 
Hoolahan?
SCOOPITY-POOP REMIX
The World loves you back. 
I have so much respect for Kim right now.
@westonericscott brave of you to initiate this
i live my and other people's truths, get outta my way or jump on my train
thank-you @kanyewest. You have inspired me to reach across to people who I might disagree with, but who share the same hopes and dreams... #MoreLove
is that you diplo
@JohnConCTR is this the Wes?
I don’t think so haha
@Jvoorheez604
Maybe I love the world just not want humans have done to it, and how the way of life is. The basic necessities we have to pay for or we won’t survive for example. I was thinking of covering it up with a bigger FTW lol

Yes, right on!

-we keep our Rights, we keep the peace, we stay free, we the People-

https://membership.nrahq.org/forms/signup.asp?campaignid=XP032234 …
Being a fee American means we don’t have to Group think; our thoughts and expression is NOT owned by NO ONE! 

https://membership.nrahq.org/forms/signup.asp?campaignid=XP032234 …
@owenjoness is this you he’s texting? @goorha97
Love you too Wes
#MakeRapGreatAgain Kanye. Bring pac's spirit back. That spirit is truth. We're so much more the dumbed down Jay Z lyrics all about money, cars and h0es. There's more in our hearts man. Please bring real rap back.

@deadmensreeboks this u??

Is there gonna be a single tweet about Ye vs the people? Isn’t the songs purpose to create dialogue?
Ye is winning souls
That’s Gabe callin
Fuck yesssss! Haters keeep hating, they will never grow. If you love you will always prosper
My greatest wish in the world is to meet you Kanye West. This would be like a dream come true. You are the only artist I genuinely like out here. Even if you are a lot different then the old Kanye. But if I never get to meet you I still see YOU! and know you r BEAUTIFUL! PERFECT
@_gaberios3 I love you Gabe
@Kanye West - Marcus Aurelius “meditations” written 2000 years ago. It’s exactly what your saying these days.  Must look at it  we are all brothers on this earth




Listen and Repost my newest song "LOVE" #np on #SoundCloud  Spread more LOVE               https://soundcloud.com/oey242/love-prod-by-suga …
I love you
k



I would've said 2024 but America won't exist till 2024.
Cheer up man, that is such a negative stance. Things are looking up at the moment.
I think long term America's facade about "War on Terror" and "Giver of Democracy" will be exposed like it happens to all empires. This is not all because of Trump but these things don't last forever.
@_Wesny ???

The Rose That Grew From Concrete by Tupac Shakur.  #PoetryMonth #Tupac 

My first tattoo  
You are having a spiritual awakening.
Wes Anderson?
Embracing a symbol of hate and division, even in the name of love, does not promote love but the opposite.
Kanye's been hammering the weed lately 
@idkpenis playin flute be like
This may go down as the most creative and successful advertising campaign. Well played. “@50cent told me go ahead switch your style up and if they hate...” a presidential retweet for a new single release idk what can top that
As a collective we will manifest Christ consciousness into being by our newly awakened love for each other.
@WezzyPearse gimme Kanyes number pls
Y’all goin fuck?
#Freekodak @KodakBlack1k
People are afraid of love
There. That should be the name of the album: Love The World.
We finally got the hero we deserve
@kamkayy_ And I want some of that stuff you gave that guy too Kanye
Yes.  Love is a Verb 
#LOVEtheWorld
the album should be called lead with love
#nohomo
You didn’t say no homo after I love you
@caioatelles ele vai fazer uma seita e vai ser o guru espiritual mais respeitado dos 4 estados
Love conquers all.
@Andre_is_3000 that’s Gabe calling *30 hours plays in background*
I love tacos
@_ItsWes we need to talk
Anger will consume you, don't allow it to take over your life, it will ristrict your thinking capabilities and prevent you from reaching your
Goals, the ability to see what's beyond
I love you to KANYE
#Kanye in #Zulu and #Xhosa (both South African languages) means #OneTime 

#MrWest just do the best

#worldwide

@kanyewest  @kimkardashian
Is that Wes Hoolahan you are texting Kanye lad??
John Legend sings for Kanye West + is #Kanye a Fool or Trump Tool like Diamond & Silk
Your controversy skills is massive Twin lol
That's Wes Anderson
Love the positive vibes mr West. The world needs more of this.
@DanvirSanghera @KIRATSANGHA super suss

yes, http://gab.ai  is lovable @getongab
this sheck wes right?
Wes Anderson?
I love you too Kanye.
Y’all add me on Xbox: BonelessPancake

Tic tock tic tock! Lollolololol
You lack #love for the people who have the same skin color as you. You’re a puppet. Ask @OMAROSA how selling out can backfire on you! You both sold/selling your soul to the same person! If that’s Love you can keep it! @SnoopDogg @TheShadeRoomm @RealDLHughley F&@$  #Kanye
That’s lovely  
Gay
So this is your new "gimmick" to get your name back in the news.  Pretty pathetic, but not surprising considering the source.
@classic_gabe69 I love Gabe
This is like our conversations in Sin @YacineNouas @Zoo_Kidd
“Yes men “
@sheldon_mizell
Kanye, you know what? You're alright man.

I like “Love The World” as a tattoo idea
Corny
That’s Gabe from 30 hours
Kanye the typa dude to reply “k” after you’ve sent long ass text.
Oh my that's powerful!
Aye man I I love you.  We’re gonna stay good friends
@stz1k HOLY
Love from Tanzania
Quit smoking SO MUCH, your CRUTCH! Get real and feel cause here's the deal, someone invaded and is going to steal our DEMOCRACY is at odds with Donny and the frauds so you better get it right in this treasonous fight cause that clown going down doin time for his crime.
That's gabe gabe calling
we love love
Wyd
This is what the world needs
How about those Nas beats tho?
Like/Retweet if you down with love
probably get buried but like if you ready to go to war for this fucker in 2024
Be a free thinker don’t conform to democrat or republican believe in what you believe that’s what America is freedom

It doesn't matters which party is in power in the US. Their PR and process might be different but they have the same goals and agendas and promote and stand for the same things.

Drop travis song
#DragonEnergy
SCREENSHOT OF TEXTS FROM WES TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Good vibes love it
@WesBrown24
Rip donda
Another one!

Kanye Lupe Fiasco Has Some Words For You! How are you gonna respond?
@kanetaylor2000 wes loves you???
Aka you
@WezHolland ??
Busted
@gabeviteri1
Everyone should
Get tattooed from @ClaraClarafosca  in Bali bro
us if Kanye weren’t cancelled
This guy sounds a bit much
If that’s Wes Anderson I’m done.
Please stop the annoying tweets
@bdtrini why does this sound like one of our convos
Amazing.
Kanye World Peace
Strange species that eat trump feces, enjoy them fresh, taste like Reese's 
Like if Kanye lost it.
#lovetheworld
Even Nigeria?
Ok you’re testing me now


you've got problems...
I just hope you're not bipolar or you'll be telling everyone to hate sooner or later.  If you start getting that way, go see someone for the right meds and thenstay positive.
Poof!
f the world changed to love the world  

Kanye, you're tired bro.
