Then like 10 years later while im in the phone wit my momma, high asl, it just poured out of me wit a smile on my face for reasons i cant explain lmao. And its like 10 years no tears i had no control over it. And i was at work at the time. Posed to be cleanin toilets lol...
True. Pain is worse when internalized. People need to be open to talk about experiences. As one species, we need to stand together always as equals. If we teach our kids that, then the future has hope 
Slavery wasn't a choice back them they were force and bought as slaves.
@kanyewest - My hope is that we can quit fighting the Civil War. We are all Americans! Don't deny history, but learn from it. Stop blaming one race over the other, & finally forgive. Peace & love is found in forgiveness. Thank you for your courage in starting the conversation!
Why does the wrong always want to be forgiven. Not as individuals, but as a culture. Publicly apologize and then let's move on! One love to all. In the future!!
I'm sorry that this happened in our country. I'm glad that President Lincoln was able to keep our country bound together. 

As for our culture, I don't know what would satisfy all as any apology.
How in the hell Did Lincoln keep us together when there was segregation in the North at one point and in the south up until 1965. That’s the problem so many white people don’t know or understand their own damn history. Start with that.
You sound nice!
I’m more worried about being well informed on what I’m talking about, than “sounding nice.”
You should care equally about both. About being correct and trying to care for the other person.
Your right & normally that is how I am. If you want check my latest comment to her. I was worked up at the time of the first comment. None of us are perfect & s-times it’s wise not 2 focus on little incidents when s-thing larger is @ stake. Plenty of harsher things I cld hve said

You need to read an African-American history book.
Me “There is an issue in the US healthcare system with not enough post-natal care and high baby mortality rate for a first wold country.”
@TheDemocrats : “Have you tried wearing a pussy hat?’
Change and empowerment starts with the youth and education. Quit leaving it to the government to solve our problems. It takes a village to raise a child and we need our villages to step up.
I don't want any village raising my children. That's the worst saying, really. It takes involved parents. They're my responsibility & I will be the one educating them, not some government run public school system/indoctrination station.
My tweet wasn't about you...but thanks.
You said quit leaving it to the gov to solve our problems... The school system is a gov system.
That's what therapists are for, kanye.  First settle your inner conflicts then you can discuss them with others.

Affairs [Produced By Culli] by Culli | Purchase Link : https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-brightside/1236242065 … Taken from the album The Brightside EP. #TheBrightsideEP 
What?
We can’t when you stand on your platform and brush our pain under the rug, maybe if people actually took into consideration the things we say and tried to change and treated people how they would want there own sons and daughters to be treated we would stop having this convo.
Just a thought
Before we have an open discussion we need a history lesson.
yeah lets focus more on the past for another 75yrs and see where that gets us, its worked out for us so well now
But instead im sittin in a closet wit a sink wit my feet up watchin people wash dishes in the rain and my momma just a smilin. But i  finally got it out tho. Take you time wit it. And dint lash out cause that just let your pride hude your true feelings. Start with yourself 
Dont let pain settle. Dig it up and explain it all to yourself. Its cant hurt you because you know who you are. But you gotta process emotion in due time. Real talk i lost like hella family back to back in 05, and the only time i cried was at my GiGi funeral and she was the first

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 … Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ArchaicSoundInVividMotion #ComingSoon 
You need to go to Montgomery Alabama and open your eyes. Montgomery lynching museum
Agree
Okay can you explain the Slavery was a choice thing? I want to know what you meant.
I understand it in a way. I think he was trying to say that the human spirit could be more willing to sacrifice itself to be free from shackles a lot faster. Wether it be blacks being enslaved. Or the Jews being enslaved in Germany.
Interesting approach.
I think if we looked at slavery in terms of humanity rather than race, it might be easier to talk about. I’m reading a book about the gulags in soviet Russia when hitler and Stalin took power and the author who was a captain in the soviet army and was in-prisoned later on.....
For criticizing Stalin talks about it as if it’s his fault. That he and the others around him were responsible for what had happened to them. I heard someone talk about the book and he said  about this “how much of the individual was responsible for the tyranny of the state.”
That sounds like an interesting read
Very good read... only heard about it from @jordanbpeterson .....very good speaker. Smart smart guy...  Kanye has discovered  him now.
Lol it’s not “the left” breh, stop trying to divide and formulate a better argument 
He's just one of those new Kanye fans because of Trump. Guarantee a couple years ago Chad was calling him the N word because of baby Tay-Tay.....
A Chad is always a Chad. I don't have to assume.
If you want to get tech the transatlantic slave trade wasnt the 1st. How about the arabian - oriental slavetrade that took place long before the american slave story. We need to start 1st by telling the truth about our world history. We live in a world build from genocide
Which is it you want people to reflect over the unsettled pain of slavery or move forward n not b the victim.

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 

We need to remember, there's an ILLEGAL DRUG problem, a very minimal few people become addicted to pain meds, MILLIONS of Americans rely on them for basic quality of life capabilities. We did NOT choose our DISABILITIES/ILLNESSES. Stop the #OpioidHysteria before it kills more
I am so sick of people with minor to no health problems telling me I need to "smoke a joint bro!" and stop taking opiates, I explain to them whats wrong with me and that cannabis does nothing but make me lazy and eat, then suddenly I am a POS white trash junkie loser
You’re recent tweets got me following you. I’m glad that as a public figure, you’re speaking your mind. Not everyone agrees and it’s great. Shows how confused society is today. Freedom of speech, thought and expression is lost today cuz people are scared to go against the norm.
Then go get well.
Yesss! This is what I am saying. Even in psychology you learn that you cannot move forward unless you deal with your pain/issue. I want the black race to move forward. Please let us start asking questions!
Slavery is still happening mentally Kanye saying that’s shouldn’t be existing now. Listen
People are afraid to speak because people are afraid of the truth I feel the same way when I try to talk and what you come out everybody shuns me out and I know if I had a record deal or millions of dollars how could they shut me up so speak your truth @kanyewest
so muuuuuuuch #truth
hes building a an american community if we all clearly understand it and join in with the discussion. This is #Democracythroughtwitter
"Truth" also means understanding facts and history. Fact:slavery is not a choice. History: africans were used as slaves against their will.
Slavery of the mind is a choice.
Also, no. Stockholms syndrome is arguably slavery of the mind & that isn't a choice- just one example
But i think it is more nuanced than that-like yeah sometimes there are mental chains we need to break. But to say slaves chose to be mentally enslaved is rubbish
I don't know how you concluded that anyone said slaves chose to be mentally enslaved. That's rubbish.
Oh jeezus. Kanye:"(slavery) for 40p yrs. That sound like a choice" Linda:"slavery of the mind is a choice" sooooo Kanye's comment and your response. Follow the conversation and stay focused.
We don't need discussion. We need action. Talk about what can actually be done.
people are just learning not to call each other names and insult, baby steps
You are using words extremely irresponsibly. Take the time to phrase what you mean, exactly, or do not speak.
Personally, I hope you choose the latter so that we do not suffer this foolishness a moment longer.
i respect where youre coming from but if we continue to phrase everything around peoples feelings and emotions we might as well not do anything. we are human w raging emotions messy choices and foolish creativity that we attempt and put ourselves out there with pure vulnerability
After a long day of work, Kanye West goes to his Kanye Nest to take his Kanye Rest. He wakes up feeling his Kanye Best. Then he’ll get Kanye Dressed on his Kanye Vest to go on a Kanye Quest. He goes to church and becomes Kanye Blessed, then to a hotel room to be a Kanye Guest.
If you don't like success, you should be a failure.
Black people owned other blacks. White people owned other whites.
At this point in US history, what percentage of either side are you genetically? No one is 100% anything. We are all a mix so if we are 50% African do we hold onto 50% of the past?
Can we accept that slavery happened to some of our ancestors? That sucked but now I got to be born in the greatest country on the planet. Thank you GGGG Grandma!!!
#LeaveThePlantation Today it’s your choice to remain trapped as a mental victim of past generations, and the continued use by Dems as voting slaves, or to rise above and be free.
Do you truly believe the Dems have your best interest at heart?
Keep tweeting Kanye their heads are exploding and I'm so enjoying the show. Thanks!!
Name one Kanye song Karen. One
Kavata name a crater on the moon. WTF does knowing a song name have to do with What is being said? Is playing the victim so important to you that you make irrelevant and ignorant statements? Have u heard the term “Useful idiot”? Don’t be anybodies. They count on it.
Aur criticism makes us more unified
When you say 'we', do you mean you, your mind, and your ancestors?
This discussion starts with you
Maybe go back to college and become a therapist.
 And if their pains are unsettled, then that means they need to do their best to get back closer to the Heavenly Creator (Abba Yahushua Ha'Mashiach. They betrayed GOD and chose to become slaves in the beginning  #Period
That's humans in general since the fall.
 Exactly!!!  Thank u so much for being awakened and agreeing with me.
Liberals are too sensitive
Great, that's what America needs....more emboldened racists. Thanks Kayne.
Open up the dialogue & you have 65,000,000 @POTUS Trump supporters with you & behind you willing!  It's time to heal our Country. Use your platform to better us. Stand up for our Constitution  Until then, it's only words @kanyewest
Oh now it’s time to heal, because Kanye says he supports president Trump. Truly disappointing, but I guess we have to start again somewhere. Smdh
At least someone’s TRYING!! And yes, the conversation has to start somewhere.
And I’m sorry they’re not all conservatives.
I’m so confused by what you mean when you said black people don’t care about black on black crime in Chicago. We do. But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t talk about cops killing unarmed black people. You have MIXED kids
I got an alternate video that's not being shown in the media! follow me I follow back gang gang! 
No I don't y'all do actually!!! Y'all have  continuously bashed folks who bring it up..
What this tweet doesn’t even make sense
That nothing has being done about Chicago, or y'all bash folks who bring the issue up.
When the hell have you been To Chicago? There are plenty of groups trying to make things better, so wth are you and Kanye talking about? Kanye could have done more for Chicago, than most people, but they barely heard from him until Trump told him to say something.
I don't support what Kanye said tho.. Calm tf down...
Nope. People need to settle their shit & get on with life.
How many of these republicans had your back when you disrespected Taylor Swift .How many of these conservatives had your back when you went crazy on Ellen .How many of these people had your back when you run stage ranting and raving about Bey. and Jay? You are their tool now.
O
And you should obviously NOT be leading the discussion. Your only saying this bullshit to profit.
Perhaps you just need to shut up....you are not contributing anything worthwhile to public discourse. AND, you sound insane
Hope he is well protected.
Choose Wisely
No, you need to stop being ignorant, and stop using slavery as a platform to promote yourself and profit from the less fortunate.
Can we talk about my money issues? And to be rich when you tryin' to rest honnest . Not illuminati or drug dealer
Who killed my boy biggie?
You're a terrible person who should feel shame.
I hope your career is over.
You're a disgrace to your own race....stop doing drugs!   No Vaseline!

Mental slavery
If you tell people you views.. They judge you. The world is full of hate. It all starts with our parents. No one is born prejudice, we don't see color's in people until we are taught the ugliness of the world. It will never stop. It all starts at home and in the heart.
Take your medication. Why is it people who know they need medication refuse to take it. They like the mania? What about the damage you cause in guy your life or marriage?
- guy
Yes it’s about time!
Gods don’t need liposuction 
Precisely!
And you need to educate yourself about issues you’re going to casually throw around to make your ridiculous, meandering points.  Really, you use WAY TOO MANY meaningless words (kinda like tRUmp) & talk about shit you don’t know about (but act like you do) You’re a joke.
as an influencer of our future creatives, you need to stop fueling the divide. It’s embarrassing for all.
My unsettled pain was when you gave that TMZ interview and claimed that slavery was a choice. Did you take any sort of American History class in your life? It pained me to see that you said something so ignorant and just plain wrong. Go back to school and learn about slavery!
@kanyewest don’t ridicule a mind you don’t understand, I’m not even a massive Kanye fan, but the man is a thinker ahead of his time and so many turning there backs because he speaks truth! #kleverkanye
But kanye what happened to you? The old kanye, the one who stood up for black empowerment, the one who stood up for black lives matter, dame the kanye west who made not just 2 but 4 of the great album that changed the music industry n people's lives. Where is he?
Another jay yeezy album needa happen
Is that why you caused such confusion? No one needs that kind of talk.
Amen . We are one race. The human race.Unity. 
Saw the entire video on TMZ and understand what you are trying to do.  It's an idea I've had for a long time and wondered how it could be done. Hope you have the strengh, the support and all the love you need to make this happen.  I will pray every day for you and your suceess.
YES WE DO!

BLACK PEOPLE: Who are you? A Thread
First of all what you need is a therapist, so jot that down
agree. i think you mean more from what you say but everyone understands what they deserve. So shalow minds always get shalow interpretations.

You have to have an idea first. So far. You’re just spouting total bullshit. Find another way to get your publicity. You being a bigot is trying our nerves
Yes we do!!
When liberals learn reality and stop breaking the law...
You got my vote, I hope you make it to the presidency
We shouldn’t have to forget our history to move on from it . We shouldn’t lower our standards or goals because we believe that’s what society requires from us. Make your own path even if it’s the one less traveled 
the conversation has been open since.. hmm... i dont know... SINCE FOREVER!
Keep speaking the Truth        “I freed 1,000 slaves. I could have freed 1,000 more if only they knew they were slaves.” -Harriet Tubman
We do!


Honestly answer this,  What would your mother, and grandparents, have said about slavery?
Yes....no matter who we are..most people have had pain in their life.."it's how we deal with it and Who we turn to through it!!!I was Born Again 1989! And set FREE Kanye!!!!
Throwing out absurd comments gets a negative conversation going and moves nothing forward at all!
I wish we could just move on and everyone be cool to everyone.
https://twitter.com/ABSOTHEGREAT/status/991410867794251776?s=19 …
Give me #freedom or give death.

Isn't that a choice?
Ouuu!!! Yes! Yes!
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
You right! I lived in Africa for 24years. Black people started slavery. We sold our brothers and sisters for the broken mirrors the whiteman brought to our land. Black people are still killing each other today for selfish reasons. Slavery isn’t our history it’s our present.
You right.  I just came from living in Africa for 24years. Black people sold themselves. White people didnt take us, we exchanged our brothers and sisters for broken mirrors. The only pain we need to feel is the pain of being greedy enough to sell our fellow blackman
Have a conversation with @StefanMolyneux
That's okay Kanye, it's 2018. Yesterday, we were all outraged about your "choose slavery" comments, the day before we were outraged about a dress, the day before we were outraged about you and Trump. Tomorrow it will all be forgotten and we will be outraged by something else.

As someone who was a part of the Malcolm X & MLK generation, and who fought for equal rights beginning at the age of ten in your state of Illinois, though I now live in L.A., I would love to be a part of any discussions or ideas that you might have.
I'm sorry but I cant with this kanye is officially unstable

These conversations happen after written agreements including those regarding nondisclosure, waiving arbitration, and litigation. Some are petty, some are not. Well intentions do not guarantee trustworthiness or the best results. So often sharing perspectives carries a big risk.
We need to have open discussions on history in America and explore the pain that has occurred during and after the 400 years of slavery!
Unsettled pain agreed. It exist in every Black and Latino community. As does the undeniable proof of who caused it.
Exactly....OPEN discussions...no judgement....just reflective thoughts, insights, ideas....
Many of history’s greatest thinkers were, unfortunately, not understood in their time. We are lucky to have you here and now.
yes we need to learn how to agree to disagree.
and biologically we are all creatures who develop with cells and neurons, but labels make us hate and love dissipates and all of a sudden Jesus is the bad guy and bad guys are great.
tbh you're right. correct me if im wrong, but in the tmz video, you said that we need to move past slavery, and that remembering it was a choice, right? Not actual slavery in itself? I see what other people are saying. I don't think they're taking in the depth of your statement.
We can start fixing, us by connecting us.  We cannot rely just on social injustice issues to be our denominator.  We have to connect the way a group is supposed to.  Capital That Gains.
Why don't you start with your homeboy in the White House and see what you get
Tough to do with unhinged progressive Democrats.  You are seeing that now for the first time and it is clearly ugly.
And we need to all FORGIVE the pain. It was horrible, but it's over now. Let's live and let live and be free to succeed at anything in America. Freedom starts with forgiveness.
Yeah but not on Twitter
Not the same thing as denying facts.
Cultural Healing
Remember what Democrats do to
perfectly said

We have to end victimology. It is a choice.
Who's pain? I hope you don't mean our "pain of choice" according to you, uyinja yazi wena!! 
How about a shoutout for @GlennJacobsTN aka @KaneWWE running for mayor in TN. We need non politicians who care about our country. Thanks @kanyewest.
The days of “traditional” politicians are over. @GlennJacobsTN aka @KaneWWE won the Republican primary for Knox County, TN in a very close election. He supports job creation, low taxes, and infrastructure. …
I knew exactly what u meant by choice..... TODAY it's a CHOICE thats used to go back hundreds of years as a cop out.
Your are right YEEzus
Listening to your logic makes me sad. Sad because without ur mom you seem to have lost your way. Your running to those who don’t give a dam about you. Just want to profit and move on. Where is ur relatives Mr West .

Oh well i guess you just had your pills, unless do share'unsettled pain?
True was good
We must outgrow pain and painful memories to grow with the future...we must embrace bold audacious ways to face our Common biggest enemy which is Racism, we ain’t scared we are the future and No one can change that about Us @kanyewest  God Bless each and every One of Us LOVE
No, YOU need to have an open and honest discussion with your psychiatrist about unsettled pain.
Unsettled pain starts with addressing the pain what or who cause it and learn to forgive and give it to the universe
You're right, it's called therapy.
FIRST THE Dems AND LIBS  have to get thier heads of of the Arshes
who are you speaking for??..
anger & resentment, by not forgiving
Please never stop talking g about love, forgiveness, and progress.
Just cuz I may not like what your sayin agree or even understand your life your opinion...I'll fight 4 u to have the freedom to say and do what ppl dnt want you to say and do your freedom is your right
Yes, we all need to communicate more.
Pain is and energy that can be release from the body, nothing to talk about .
I can't wait for your next album to drop it's going to be epic!
You can choose to be captive to a situation or an idea. Professors can easily enslave your emotions as can your culture. Does being a 'Baby Mama' leave you with choices in life? No!  Choose another way.
I choose enslavement only by Christ & to keep my mind open to all ideas.
Who’s writting your tweets cause it’s sure not you. The stuff you say doesn’t sound like what is being tweeted.
Like migraines. They suck
Is it your intent to bring on the pain?
Yes, I am still in pain I can’t purchase yeezys.
No one has unsettled pain! That is the propaganda they are programming you with!  Get real!
Yes
All humans are slave to our fears of abandonment & overwhelm. But, that's not the same as the dehumanization, brute force, & terrorism African Americans faced. Many turned to freedom of spirit in order to survive the brutality of their enslaved flesh. Do not tarnish their bravery
Sure, you’re ideas are stupid.
That part
But @kanyewest, you basically said the opposite when you said to not put #harriettubman on the new bill.  We need to deal with that past pain before it can be let go.
@kanyewest I know we will #collab this year. Seriously dude thanks man we need ya lol
Trueee
Slavery wasn't a choice but rather a crime...
#SlaveryIsACrime 
kanye, slavery is unsettled pain for a lot of people so which one is it? we need to have an open discussion or we need to stop talking about it?
All started with Taylor Swift. 
Lost alot of fans.  It's OK to give your opinion, but not while someone is receiving an award.
About how you married a gold digger
Just shut up - you have said enough.  Shut up already.
#truth

"You can’t live a long life without having been forced to change your mind many times including, at times your whole world view.”  T.Sowell
That sounds like a huge downer Ye. Let’s talk about LOVE some more

True! That’s the reality- we are stuck in the unsettled pain rather than embrace it happened, acknowledge it was apart of us, but we have the choice to better ourselves! It can be done with perseverance! You did it!
Why are you and your wife hanging out with "Spirit Cooker" Marina Abromovitch.  Didn't you know she is part of #PEDOGATE 
She helps sacrifice kids to satan. She helps HARVEST adrenochrome frim these kids. Please clear this up for the nation. Thanks. #MAGA
you are causing the pain and it is unsettling.
I have an idea 
Delete your Twitter account and get back on meds
My hope is that one day you will research a topic before you start talking out your ass on subjects you have a flawed and cursory knowledge of.
Go take more pills to make u feel better
It's all in everyone's head. Just there. It should actually be easy to fix.
We love you @kanyewest
... we can take personal responsibility for our own actions, lives, & destinies, starting right here, right now!  Own it & rise above the past.  As for racism, prove stereotypes wrong, show you are more.  Embrace you.  Spread love, not hate  we are all Americans 1st! #MAGA
It is important to learn from history so the same mistakes are not repeated.  However, to use actual oppression from well over 100 years ago to say you are oppressed today is pure BS.  Is racism still alive?  Yes.  It may never go away completely, though we wish it would. But....
A big part of that is not belittling people when you don't understand or agree with their ideas or comments. Stay up Ye
I totally agree with you on some of this. As the black society were conditioned to speak, but we mostly speak on problems, not solutions. The answer to that is open free speech
I like what Candace said... (paraphrasing).  No one alive in this country today was a slave and no one alive in this country today owned slaves.
So have a discussion then. Duh
I agree
While you on the path of healing and fixing you need to ask @realDonaldTrump to give black folks some reparations cause them 400yrs you said was a Choice - ph
Kanye what's going on 
Some things don't need debating like Child Molesting or Slavery and both happened to us.
The fact that THIS is controversial just adds more credibility to what he’s saying
