CaN I gift this paintingvto the kids?
That’s dope but you should probably dm Kim if you want an answer
Thanks! I know he’ll never respond, I’m just hoping maybe someone who knows him might see it.
Post this on ur timeline and @ people he’s associated with within the tweet. From pusha to mike dean to cudi. Maybe one of them will see it that way.
Thank you! Great advice
You’re welcome. I know cudi has been more vocal and responsive these days. Great work. It looks awesome. I really think it will catch one of their eyes. Oh and Mike Dean is responsive too!

Disrespectful
*accurate
Wheres the lie?
Pusha was around before Kanye and famous before him.
Again. Did I lie?
Yea
“Hello, my only one, just like the morning sun...”
...You'll keep on rising 'til the sky knows your name...

How cool is it that north has a doll of you to incorporate during her play . I sense your a great dad


Where’s the Travis Scott action figure ?
dadye
Kanye Trump 2020
Awwwwwww kanye
My mom bought me my first MJ album, she played it loudly at a pool in Boston while teaching me to swim. #memory #mom #water #mj  1993
Awww
Michael Jackson was the best!
"IS"
My son loves MJ. He's 9.
This was during our lunch convo yesterday lol

Halloween
Omg wow!!!!! He looks amazing!!! Little MJ 
LOL thank you!!
superb! keep up the good parenting
Michael Jackson Is The Best 

Dad of the year
omg im at the gym and i just clicked on kanye west’s account bc idk and as soon as i scrolled and saw this tweet, a michael jackson song came on so bye
Ommggggg you’re playing barbies with her that’s so cute 


Awww is good to see she knows about a legend like Michael 
LOVE is GOD.
#MichaelJackson 
by my father Carl Köhler  (1919-2006)
Kanye and kim please adopt me!! 
Gotta light skinned friend looks like Michael Jackson.
Gotta dark skinned friend looks like Michael Jackson.

dude made himself a barbie too LMAO
Im crying 
adopt me
The GOAT! I have been doing this for more than 20 years of my life. Great she knows MJ!!
Michael Jackson is the greatest of all time! Forever!
Michael Jackson and Kanye West Real Life super heroes!!!
A Michael Jackson doll. That's adorable 
So special thanks for sharing
Can you adopt me please?
Awwww 
This is absolutely cute
Goat
how do u do this
I’m fast as fuck boiiii


compra barbies negras p ela
Compro sim
MEUS ÍDOLOS EM UMA FOTO
Hiiii Nori 
Thank you.
@MarielAravi
Where to get that Ye doll 
Such a good Papá
Great dad
Great upbringing :)
Dadye is so amazing
Lovely
Stay black.
If she is not the cutest, creative, positive energerry ever!! 
https://twitter.com/nicelilday/status/988446599251668992?s=21 … 
Knew I was made for this  
GREAT FATHER TELL HER HELLO
Family over everything.
This pic made my morning thank you
awww
YO YE HIRE ME
@katlauraaa lmao
@kanyewest awww cute
I wish you could've done an album with #MikeJack!!! #ThatwouldhavebeenEPIC http://www.cdbaby.com/rhythmandpoetry  I use to mail my music all over the world trying to get a record deal. Now I am on the worldwide web... It's on now! lol @RAPisR_A_P313
smh even the kardashian kids use those dam clear storage buckets. practical moms gang gang
Have you read the book, "KEEP MOVING: The Michael Jackson Chronicles" by Critic Armond White @3xchair , Mr. Kanye West @kanyewest ? #michaeljackson #kanyewest #kanye2024 #armondwhite
ALL I WANNA SAY IS THAT THEY DONT REALLY CARE ABOUT US!

I love that there a black barbies !!!!
so cutee

The one and only 
Sweet.
Nori 
i miss the old kanye :)
Love your music
Not really sure about that
Awe 

lol
She needs a @Madonna doll!
That is so great to see you dance with your daughter North. She'll always remember that.
next album should be called #Dadye @kanyewest
YA’LL SEE TRUMP ON THE FLOOR... HE’S EVERYWHERE OMFG
https://twitter.com/suzdick/status/988832466986299393 …
No greater reward in this life than that of a child's love for their fathers...
Muero
Kız oyuncak diye babasını oynar...
Is that little North? Would love to see her more. She’s the cutest.
#sunkenPlace

More North, plz #NorthWest4President
Beautiful
https://twitter.com/GadaffiT/status/985907116073504770?s=19 … like 
When u tryna hit and she is tired 
Kanye please don't dance !!! Unless you think your the Fonz
and we danced to music Michael all morning TYPE BEAT
SEXX ON THE BEACH TYPE BEAT 
An iconic FIGURE
contest alert!

First one to tell me what their favorite lyrics are from my album will get $200, dm me!!
Here we go.
Prince is better tbh
That's subjective. What's true is that both are among the greatest of all time.
thats true they're both immensely influential and talented, both will also be dearly missed
Most of babies are white. You killing me dude.
Daddy daughter northie   
She's beautiful.
Sweet
A perfect choice! He Was a wonder and is missed dearly.
aww I had that Michael doll as kid too 
@Purrpledeuce you think I’m joking, just see for yourself
Micheal is awesome and iconic. How about dancing to @tinashe? #superlove
So cute such good dad x
loved Michael J.....Prince too! Two of my all time favorites-sorry, Elvis as well-he did a lot of deep soul sounds early on....sooooo good! I'm white/married 2 black-6 bi-racial BEAUTIFUL kids! ....and WE Love Potus Trump!
 she is a beautiful child
Scaring ur kids man!
Ces très bon
Sweet
Love it, GREAT DAD
Happy to see at least your posts show you playing dolls with your child..while Mom is posing naked or half naked or selfies of HERSELF 24/7 on SM...not cming from a place of hate, just self observation. Great dad.
Awww :’)
She is just as ugly as the parents
Thats what you got to do
That thriller doll!! That’s adorable

Got a light skin friend look like Michael Jackson got a dark skin friend look like Michael Jackson
Kanye you should do the dance you did at Paris all your arrivals
She is so cute
Glad your back Kanye!!! Missed you boy


Kanye if u bought ur daughter a figure of urself I'm very concerned for her future
Precious man
So dang adorable, man. That kid is going to become a really wonderful grown adult someday
Awww 

Bold 

cute.
Love it!! My 11yr old is obsessed with Michael Jackson right now
Y she pullin the white girls head and arms off
Keep her safe from all the pedophiles in Hollywood, so she’ll never be a victim

WHO DO YOU HEAR  ON THIS #typebeat ? #sendmebeats #soundcloud 
@mary_heffner
Good job! Keep been a good dad to your kids and a good all round person that you are, Sooner or Later, people who are willing to think will get you want humans to unite & great a better world.
MJ got that back support though #HeOld
Aww cute 
I see Donald Trump in those shados  ..anybody?
No. I don't

he's watching you, and this incredible time we're having 

Yes!!!!  The KING
Ai que FOFA
Awww
Ayyyy te amoooo

Dope!
Now we see why they don't do playdates 
Why
Aaaaawww so cute 
is this one lyrics to a song ?? omg i hope so @kanyewest ! i love me my MJ
Wait... I can't use the fish stix joke anymore.....  lol... got to give ya 
Send your girl to Alabama where trump is popular & see if her past doesn’t get her treated badly! You are deranged! history is very important you deranged bastard! It is because people like trump & his racist friends that our country is in this situation! & you are playing along!
Being a good father.
I did that with my 3 month old yeaterday, too! He loved Rockin Robin. #babies #michaeljackson
Makes sense, can't dance to your music. 
Kids can teach us so much. Compassion, purity and no prejudices
Kids can teach us so much. Compassion, purity and no prejudices
@geish_ looks like they made up 
That is soooo adorable
as it should  be,  all is right in the world, lucky girl!!
Thank God for the Blonde Barbie doll or was the Doll just having a Kim moment ?!
18 years
being a dad can be straight great right?
Kanye u are the best dad everrr
Add a Barbie Dollhouse too? Hope you find something you like. #Amy
How sweet 

Yay! 
Very sweet
cute
