Keep standing your ground. They're all going to try and get you to change your mind because they know that you are going to shift the cultural opinion in America.
If Kanye backs Trump many people are going to take a second look at Trump and maybe begin to look at some policies and say "I can get behind that." 

Even if minds are not changed, this is a moment. Americans of all walks will start having dialogue again. Period.
We need to make sure that we do not sit there and try to silence eachother. We are all great people. We are all equal. Sometimes people get into politics WAY too much and forget who they are. We need to unite with one another. Period.
The truth of the matter is it only takes one person to do what's right and make things happen. The paradigm is shifting. Mental prisons are being broken out of every second right now.
You're bordering on stalking at this point, Joey.
And you’re trying to make him look bad.
He does a pretty good job of that on his own.
are you finna be tweeting like this everyday? I'm tryna play fortnite ffs
Stop following him then
His point is that he’s entertained and can’t stop looking... why would he unfollow?
Your ground is quicksand if you’re supporting Trump
I agree
Quite the opposite. By standing his ground @kanyewest is exposing the left for who they really are and so are @DiamondandSilk.  The chickens are coming home to roost.
So the racists are fine with people of color as long as they’re saying what you want?
Exactly, Liberals are fine with Blacks as long as they tow the line.
Support Trump all you want. That is your right. I respect that.

It is my right to turn off every radio station that plays your music, boycott shows that you appear in or on, and to tell you what I think. 

I'm not going to support anyone who supports Trump.
The Resistance 
@dawnfbr 
My advice take your meds on time 
And 
And vagisil hahahaha
And new Support hose 


Like if kanye should deactivate.
Sharing that private message was actually pretty disrespectful…
Messaging someone to change there ideals is disrespectful as well.
Not really, it's called debating. Providing arguments to try to change someone's mind isn't disrespectful at all
He wasn't debating, he was trying to make him feel bad for expressing his opinion
Well yes, usually when you want someone to change their mind you're trying to explain why their opinion feels "bad" to you. But then again he wasn't forcing him to change his opinion, just explaining calmly 
No, he literally gave no reasoning, he was literally saying "your opinion is bad and thus you shouldn't share it with your followers"

no reasoning, no why he's wrong, etc.
Or he wasn’t saying anything about “his” opinion at all.  Simply I disagree, which is NOT an implicit condemnation or assertion that I’m right.  It’s a belief.  Far different than factoids.  As in: I disagree with your logic (which I do) is far different than saying I’m right.
Yea, but ...
Keep deep-throating the MSM narrative. They're never wrong!!!
Well that’s what Kardashians do. They stand firm until the ratings plummet.
You are not alone Kanye #Blacks4Trump
Lmaoooo you mfs are sad
No, this is sad.
Keep fighting the good fight, Kanye. I'll be with you all the way. #ImWithKanye #KeepFightingTheGoodFight
I respect you brah 
Thank you Kanye, very cool!

Glad ur a strong man!!!we need more like u!
But u don't tell them "why u vote that way," or " why u supporting this person" or "stop supporting this person."  That's the difference.
Baby 
think about this - someone took the time to photoshop this image... think about their life.
They have a sense of humor..more than could be said for you
if you knew me you'd know that was false. this is kind of funny but it doesnt stop me from thinking how sad their life is.
It doesn't stop me from thinking how sad your life is
and that, tony, is 100% your right! isn't it amazing how that works?
Can you let me know if you’re going to tweet like this everyday, so I can quit my job?
The difference between Kanye and John. Kanye respects people’s opinions. John doesn’t. Simple as that.
Neither do you, sit down.
Oh that's good.. 🖒🖒🖒
Greatness.This is the result of the Elites’ presence for centuries. Division/manipulation with social-engineering. Control, power, and wealth by owning all sectors. Rothschild EU banks 1740/Rockefeller oil 1870 and Cabal 1910 Fed-Reserve. Just history ya kno? #GlobalGoals #QAnon
So a multi millionaire whom owns several properties is not an elite?
Haha millionaires?? Talking about the billionaires/trillionaires that own the banks for centuries and all sectors with it. He’s just rich, not everyone who’s rich is an Elitist. He isn’t in the inner circle of about 8.5K entities openly involved with the NWO-Cabal. Just possible.

The problem is not you having a thought, the problem is your brain! BTW, your wife is stripping again! Are you people broke, hoping Trump will throw you a bone?

You didn't buy his flip-flops?
ROFL!
On that dragon flow
#IStandWithKanyeWest  Be Who You Wanna Be #FreeThoughts #FreeThinker  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=E58qLXBfLrs …  Can’t Tell Me Nothing  #MAGA  #OneLove
After I Tweeted This To @kanyewest #IStandWithKanyeWest My Account Got Locked! LOL Pathetic!!! I Still Stand With All #FreeThinker #FreeThought #MAGA  Can’t Stop This Free Thought Revolution!!! Still Laugh!!!
Did you ask his permission first??
EXACTLY MY QUESTION
Fatt
You just spreading hate with ignorance
What u mad about?
Wheres the anger i think you nees to get off social media and see what real emotions look like
I want the college dropout kanye back
Just go away
This is the type of man that YOU support. A man that allows this to happen
the only support u need is your own, but i support 
If you want change, you change.
Just be yourself, the people that un- followed you were not supporting you in the first place.
And I stand with you.
Stand your ground with a racist President, that's the same ground you are going to be judged for. It seems you do not really understand the depth of your error in judgement. Fully 60% of the Nation feels Trump is a racist.
Well, I still disagree.
Appreciate your voice!
Fuck yes!  Nothing but RESPECT!
It's not easy to stand your ground, but it's always worth it!
And that’s why you’re a badass!
#Ground
Kanye is stirring things up and the democrati party is being exposed for what it is.

We lost the old Kanye 
It’s too bad that you don’t properly appreciate what an amazing, kind, brilliant and classy friend you have in @johnlegend
Stand right even if you stand alone.
You can call it free of thought but it’s pure irresponsible for a lot of people.
I get it! THANK YOU FOR STANDING YOUR GROUND

#USA NEEDS YOU #Kanye
Great marketing scheme @kanyewest much love.......
So refreshing
Which apparently flips on the daily!

It takes courage & integrity to stand one's ground. I wish you strength & good will. God Bless you & your family.

I agree. It's not easy, but it's worth it.

Yes its called Freedom and Being an American to have your own thoughts not ones pushed by the Globalists>#AmericaFirst
I used to love John Legend and his music!  However when he married he changed and has spewed along with Chrissy his hate for Trump! As a Trumper & self thinker I just can’t listen to their hate & gave up listening to his music! Kanye all the way!
I agree 
Me too
Me three
John Legend only likes his opinion. He blocks everyone else. 
Don't tell him you've seen cats with bigger balls.  #blocked
Trump literally does this exact same thing.
Can't speak on that. Haven't been blocked yet.
Because you agree with him, dummy.
Not always.
You are respectful, genuine and enlightened. the Human Race needs you. So inspirational. Never stop.

And we applaud you for it ! May there be more people follow suit !
That’s just one of the problems of the far left:they generally DONT respect everyone’s right to an opinion unless it’s THEIR OWN. Oh-or James Comey’s....
Funny thing is he did it in a private manner to you and you decide to put it up for the world to see like a chump.
I respect you so much for speaking what you truly feel Kanye. You have a huge reach and can help the world see what has been really going on. We all need to evolve. We cant if we are held back by the dark ones. God bless you Kanye 
Let’s hope he eventually exposes what lies beneath the surface. #QAnon
Stand your ground Kanye! I love what you’re doing! I completely disagree but love it anyway!
I wish more people felt like you do. It's okay to disagree but we're still one big American family. We shouldn't hate each other.
Yes!!!!  #MAGA There’s NO shame in loving America. It’s still the greatest country on earth, where dreams do come true! We must respect law and order and return to traditional values of Faith, Freedom and Family. #AmericaFirst @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is #MyPresident
Good for you! Don't let these #moderndayslaves drag you down! They are like puppets & believe ALL the bullshit promises from the democrats but then can't seem to understand the dems LIED to get their vote & do NOTHING to help them! Just look at obama, how did he help minorities??
But when @BarackObama gave his opinion you got mad
He got mad, but shared an observation and he engaged in dialogue. He offered criticism not insults. There is a difference.
Kanye has offered a lot of insults and criticisms. Let’s not forget the famous “George Bush doesn’t like black people. If you were a real Kanye fan you would know that. And what he is saying are not observations they are his opinions. There is a difference.
Hold Fast. #Maga
The road less traveled usually leads to the most amazing destinations.

#FreeThinker
#DragonEnergy
#MAGA
I feel this , but I don’t feel you right now lol. But I feel it .
Oh Kayne, you're so brave...ugh

JL is wrong. He's buying into what the media wants him to think. He's like a plantation supervisor coming to beat your back. I'm a descendant of a slave & I can tell you Trump's policies have helped average black Americans. MSM wont tell you that though but we're here. We know.


Live Free,or Die!!!
A real man never apologizes for his OWN THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS
All there celebrities can tweet that they hate trump and what not and no one bats an eye. And a man states his political views endorsing trump and now he’s “not allowed to do that”. Free speech is only in the form of Democrats I guess.
*sigh* Another person who doesn't get the First Amendment. I don't recall Yeezy getting arrested for what he said, do you?
He wasn’t talking about the first amendment. He was talking about tolerance for others opinions and their right to be different. It used to be that we let people have their political views. Now we hound people for them. It was clearly social commentary, not a political one.
Thank you for being your own person.  Too many people sounding like echo chambers.  Teaching your children to think for themselves.  Leaders not followers.
Good for you Kanye ! Kanye, help President Trump make America better for Everyone !!! Everyone...
Kanye West so proud of you NOT BACKING DOWN  !!
DON'T LET PEOPLE BULLY YOU 
TEACH your Children To say NO TO BULLYING  !!!
Thanks for standing up for free thinkers Kanye!  You will surely see how tolerant the people who preach tolerance are! You will likely be a catalyst for thousands more!  May God guise your steps, cover your mind, body and family and give you wisdom and discernment!  Blessings
U go Kanye ur just like Kim said wise for ur age! #MAGA
That's the best way to be Kanye! People that always stand their ground I respect.

I saw the text. His last line made laugh too.  But that shows the pressure that some feel from their peers simply because they have a differing view.  It shouldn't be like this. People should be able to feel how they feel and support who they support without being pressured.
But you exposed the cult of thought control in the entertainment industry.
Takes a strong character to take a stand
Amazingly brave, we love you 
John Legend is a liar!! Obummer did nothing for black people. He divided nation by race. Trump is giving blacks jobs and getting criminal gangs off streets!  #QAnon #GreatAwakening
John was doing what all libs do and have done for 8 years...silence you. Different opinions are great but it has to go both ways.
Kanye I love you, you’re an exceptional artist. I don’t agree with you when it comes to Trump. But to each it’s own, and I’m still going to consume your music.  Good luck my brother  ya
I'd be pissed if a friend posted a private text to twitter to back up a shitty POV, but hey, that's just me.
Exactly.. it was a bullshit move to do that.
But what's the reasoning though?
He that is in you is stronger than he that is in the world!
I’m praying for safety and peace for you and your sweet family!  The truth sets us free!  Keep spreading the truth!
Yo Kanye! You're batshit crazy, but you are in a position to flip this on everyone and do something great.  I'm not fan of yours, but I got ur back if your turn this into something great. (Ex. Use your $ & name recognition to fix Chicago, where Obama failed). Just a thought.
Philly too!
by "dragon energy", don't you mean NARCISSISM?
No don’t believe he did.
Right, because unlike #GeorgeWBush, #DonaldTrump's cup of fucks overflows for Black people!! 
#KanyeWest
Yes,  (Wat' she said!) 

I must admit, I am not a big fan of "Hollywood stars"as their lifestyles do not relate to average Americans. However, after reading your tweets and admiring your moral courage to believe in, and openly support @potus who "Hollywood" hates, shows this veteran that you are a STAR!
Thank you for standing for you right to think differently . I am not famous I am just a normal American who loves my country , and my President . The left loved him before he ran against Hillary.  They are blinded my hate they have no facts to back anything
You can't change the way you think to make other people happy or more comfortable.  Good for you for not being silenced and taking a stand.  America needs more people like Kanye West.
The interesting thing is knowing you almost entirely from the Neblio crowd, and yet here we are crossing paths, of all places, over Kanye...
We need to get Kanye onboard with Neblio...lol
Why is your music so shitty?
Dan, you follow G-EAZY AND RICH CHIGGA, you CANNOT be serious.
Kids nowadays don't appreciate Kanye's musical and lyrical genius
fr, kanye has too many classic albums, he’s also inspired sooo many artists, it’s just disrespectful to me, when someone says “your music is trash” because they’ve clearly never listened
His trilogy albums spoke volumes.  Unlike most rappers trying to he hype beasts or mumble rap, he was poetic in his rhymes and the stories he told
Stand your ground with someone who at one point said there were “good people on both sides” during a Nazi rally in Charlottesville.  Not to mention, one of those Nazis killed an innocent woman.  Great choice Kanye.
Standing your ground in the face of reason is foolishness.
Bam! Go Kanye! Got him on the run...Candace Owens has him running to hide too.
Stand your ground man. Keep tweeting
That's right.... Stand up for yourself.
There is an evil who want Trump taken down because they are communists and he is Nationalist. Obama really did “fundamentally” change USA.
Our schools, churches and govt positions have been infiltrated. @VP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Telling John that his concerns were a way of using fear to manipulate you is not very respectful of his opinion.
Don’t back down!
That was wrong in so many levels that you would post  a message that a friend would send..
you are just trying to be in the spotlight to promote your album
Stay on point, never waiver in the face of ignorance.
Bringing tears to my eyes that us wanting a future for our families that there is hope and you having your platform are voicing that it’s okay to have different views but no to Tear each other down THANK YOU KANYE! Newest #1 FAN!
Dont give into pressure Kanye. Do what what you feel is right. I dont think you're a bad person so I trust that you have your reasons for supporting Trump. Even if I dont agree with everything.
Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free."
John 8:32
Keep speaking it!!!
Legend is a clown 
Stay FAR away from him

We stand with you Kanye! #FREEDOM
Kanye I have totally changed my mind process about you I respect you and your wife and family.  over the last few years I have recognize how intelligent you are and doing this what you did solidified my thoughts
Good for you. Stand your ground. We are proud of you.
I'm here to read comments.. 
Don’t back down!  Don’t let the loony left get to you!
Stay strong

Thank you! I wish @ShaniaTwain would have done the same! Don't back down!
#MAGA Trump
You can agree to disagree right?  I am a conservative in 95% Democrat city on the border.  I do it all the time.  I have great friends.  Why lose good friends over politics?
Back in the day of $1 pitchers & wings. I sometimes hung with the campus republicans. It took a while but I came around. Now you have security guarding these clubs. National magazines call for kids to boycott thanksgiving with their families. Resistance is BS
Be you, man. You're surrounded by liberal voices that are trying to ostracize you and make you feel small. Don't let them control how you express yourself.
Welcome to the MAGA family!

Climb aboard the TRUMP Train

       

Make America Great Again  &  Keep America Great!

                      Patriots Unite
Freedom is the hardest to obtain and the hardest to keep. It is why we say freedom isn't free. Our men and women in the military fight to protect that freedom for us, every day.
Finally!!! A celebrity that doesn’t follow blindly, but leads directly!!!!
Massive respect for you defending your own mind against those trying to bully / manipulate you into toeing their line. Stay strong.
Never give up your rights to free speech ..You are finding out that it has become one sided in many different aspects of life in the USA..All our rights are being stifled .. Speak up Kanye the louder the better you speak for us all ..Any and all colors that we may be..God Bless
You know what this is called? The MAGA YEEZY effect. Keep em' coming Kanye. @jack is just itching to shadowban and suspend you. Twitter can't stand blacks for Trump!
As a person who strongly opposes Trump's agenda, I can see what you're getting at and I DIG IT. I love this authentic Kanye. #respectallpeople #love #bewhoyouare
Thank you, Kanye!
#LoveYe 
Sharing a private message is what garbage people do.
Thank you! His friend is sincerely trying to help him. This is some fuckshit!!
You liked your millionaire tax cut. That’s all. You too, “artist”, are just transactional. Like all the rest.
He has become more reality than star. I am done with the whole subject.
Stand your ground, most misinformed do. If we doubted who you were before, you showed us your authentic self now. Good luck, you’re gonna need it.
Now that you have AWOKEN you will see the destruction the democrats have and been doing to this country. Democrats are the Devil and need to be stopped.
;)
I Hope You Do, YOU SPEAK TRUTH. I LOVE OUR POTUS TRUMP, he’s only trying to get our Great United States “Rocking & Rolling”  “PLEASE GOD, Protect Our President Trump” pray for him 
I’m 62 KAYNE, but I’m thinking about buying tickets to your concert ha ha ha ha ha, just want to say “I’m SO PROUD OF YOU FOR STANDING UP FOR OUR POTUS TRUMP” you know, he didn’t have to do this, he LOVES THIS COUNTRY, WONT EVEN TAKE A GOV’T CHECK #LoveTrump
Stating that you’re unwilling to ‘bend to the will of your fans’ or whatever is actually just a stubborn way of saying you refuse to allow another person the latitude to express, through reasoning, a dissenting opinion. It’s not peer pressure, don’t be obtuse.
Next to the KKK... You've fallen a long way since "George Bush doesn't care about Black people". One thing I disagree with John on, is him saying you're powerful and important. Couldn't be farther from the truth. Kanye is just Kim's boy toy 
Do you even know what ground you stand on or even know what you stand for. Kanye. Look Within. If you don’t you will fall for anything.
If course you stand your ground because facts and real moral character are not your strong suit.  You and Frumpel Thinskin are soulmates.  An exclusive club not many can be a member of.
Freedom tastes so delicious 
Bravo!!!
Would you be pissed if our tax $ was financing terror accords the globe? Watch vid, it’s long but very worth it. #GreatAwakening #MOAB #qanon
You give Respect, you should receive respect, simple, civil.

Thanks for sharing that. Don't allow others to dictate your voice, your thought, or your deed.

Trump is not your brother! You certainly have a right to your opinion about Trump, but I’m very disappointed in you! Among so many others,Trump disrespects black people, and he is a proven racist.
All new respect. Might even listen to your music now but won’t listen to JL’s anymore.  MAGA
Stand your ground, Kanye!!!! Good on you!
Has @johnlegend ever thought about! 
How much of money raised by Clintons ACTUALLY went to Haiti. 

https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-01-25/clinton-silsby-trafficking-scandal-and-how-media-attempted-ignorecover-it …
if you truly respected his opinion then you didn’t have to tweet a screen shot but GO OFF SIS
Hey Kanye, who is #qanon ?
You put yo mans on blast bruh you ain’t keep it mafia g
What’s this country coming to ! If you say anything good about our president you get bashed !!!  Glad you stood your ground @kanyewest ..@realDonaldTrump
Democrats do not want Blacks to be free thinkers. They want them to remain dedicated supporters with no questions asked. 60+ years of Democrat policies have destroyed the Black community.
Cuz you're a grown ass man, .@kanyewest .
You sir just may be the initiator, the Godfather... of #TheGreatAwakening 

#TheAwakening is the truth!
In America you have the right to "INDIVIDUAL SOUL LIBERTY"  the solemn RIGHT to DISAGREE on ANYTHING without fear of threat or intimidation and to ALLOW others the right to voice their diffrrences WITHOUT threatening them oe intimidating them.
Sorry dude you were in a sunken place even before "Get Out"  You don't even know you've been had by those people... #Exorcismighthelp
#Anythingbuttrump
whos john
These memes is too good, im fucking dying how ridiculous this is
Lmao wtf ye
You did sort of put him on blast though fam.
I respect that you aren't pressured into offering an apology statement or changing your belief because it's not popular. I don't have to agree with you to respect you people have forgotten that. we all need to practice kindness and respect it would make our world better
You know what they say, "birds of a feather." SMH. We know who would be "in the house" and not "in the fields." #sambo #sellout #switchedsides
You live in a world with people. Independent thought is good and healthy in lots of ways but collective thought is what makes us powerful. You owe it to your fans to at least be open minded of all perspectives not because you wanna seem to be original.
The Borg were a collective.
The Borg is Kanye and Trump and all your friends. Also, it’s not about following the majority. It’s about being open-minded and understanding to the fans who are non Trump supporters who’s been supporting him since time. Or in simple terms, no fans = no Kanye
So he isn't allowed to make his beliefs known and live them because his fans may/may not disagree with them?!? So be fake and a "slave" to the people and industry?!? 
I’m not saying that. he is the biggest influencer in the industry of all his fans no matter where they politically stand. To be empathetic to those who have different views makes a huge difference. It’s about compassion... something both trump and Kanye don’t have in my opinion.
Trump & Kanye have had epic fails & successes. Even those in the spotlight can express their opinion within the confines of the law. Should we give our favorite artists litmus tests for listening? Or family members to sit at our table? See where this leads...
Don’t know wtf you’re talking but my point is don’t just take a stance just because you  think he’s cool and wanna show you have an “independent thought”. Express your opinion with context and empathy of others especially when most of your fans are not trump supporters.
@kanyewest Well really you demonstrated that you view the world through a lens of fear and hostility if bringing up your fans and legacy triggers a fear response in you and you interpret a friend’s heartfelt objection as insidious manipulation.
Hope yo shit don’t sell
Illuminati everywhere.

Monarch sex kittens for the perverts in holy wood, music industry

Treyvon Martian was an illuminati/freemason sacrifice.

2 party system is an illusion*
As long as you’ll be man enough to then also admit when you’re wrong. Because you are when it comes to *45
It’s nothing wrong with having different opinions but right is right and you’re just lost. You’re like a lamb hanging with the wolves and think you’re going to be buddies when you’re really being sized up for dinner!
As you should ! Respect
John's lost in the sauce, his opinion should mean nothing.
And I like the way you did!
We should all be able to disagree and still respect each other
I mean wow...blown away. I was wrong and you have put me in my place. Respect 
john take care of your crazy wife more importantly
Is this the real Kanye or Cloned Kanye speaking!!!
Keep your words for your raps.
Keep doing you Kanye. Screw all the haters, we have mad love and respect for you. You lose a million fans and you’ll gain another two million!
You’re just trying to hype your profile up for shock value before your next album. Just like you said before LOP that you were “300 million in debt” or some shit....hope you come to your senses and stop all this BS
I stand with @kanyewest -- old white dude with a mohawk.

You crazy AF! Canceled
He would have been better spending his time convincing you to take your meds.


