@breadough us at Clark’s with no manager 
Its not showing anything lol
It’s just the tweet alone lol we don’t have manager. We can’t be managed 
LMAO us af

 
Are you okay kayne?

I see what you did there


Duhh
Genius
You'll manage somehow.  #puns
Yes.  My manager said so.
he must have a great management to come up with that
Best thread!
It’s really not
K

@ellzooo when I have a few too many tequilas
You are just like my mum.
This guy 
“Every agent i know knows i hate agents”
Every agent I know, know I hate agents
Maybe @KrisJenner can manage you

WELL WELL WELL WELLLLLLLLLL
Just go away.
Take that trump hat off and wear a "Free Mumia hat" like Cube said "Be true to the Game".
Anybody who’s watched you for any length of time knows that but that’s why you’re my favorite rapper. So keep bagging this here crack music
I’ll be your pool boy honestly



hire me please i have experience ask justin
Nobody cares.
I’ve never even heard one of your songs
But you still need to remember to take your medication.
North and Saint are his managers
The compass kids can only do so much.
"Compass kids"




I need a beat
I'll be your manager!! Lol
MEME REVIEW
Do an interview with me on my YouTube channel.  My videos have more viewers than fake news CNN.
Lol if your only criteria is views then Kanye should be on a Logan Paul video. He gets 10x as many views as you
What the fuck is a Logan Paul? A lot of kids must watch his videos. Also, stop taking pictures with your parents empty liquor bottles.
a.) that is very obviously not me or anyone i know, it’s a famous viral picture

b.) he’s someone much, much more famous than mark dice will ever be (although that isn’t saying much)
A.  This is a viral picture.                                   B.   Who cares if Logan has more views or subscribers, that’s irrelevant.                     C.  Logan makes videos and “movies” that attract kids, teens and immature adults which is why he has a lot of subscribers
As Marks original point was that he attracts more viewers than cnn, he obviously cares
That's not a bad thing!  :-)
Kanye, that thing that happens to you sometimes is like happening right now... just saying, keep your family close. Don't isolate further.

You need an agent?
Truer words were never fucking spoken, you lunatic.

Do you have a chef? You can live without a manager, but you gotta eat, homie.
Lead on, Sir!

Man you got some real issues to work on
@jomckinney_
HAHAHAHAHA
did you leave machinima
nice
*Nice.
I can't downvote this :(
Omg Katie
"Wackin it bro, where u goin" @BenKeavney

Because nobody can handle your egotistical self?
@taylormorganox me tomoz
Truer words were never spoken. You can't be managed.  You are a loose cannon
@cassay_hool feel like ur my manager nowadays


U @ me

When you admit this is some sort of performance art piece, you’ll hire a new manager who thinks out of the box. Until then, who cares.
You are mistaking ‘can’t be managed’ with ‘just became toxic thanks to trump’

Hey, what did you have to lose, right?
You're like Pards mate
Kris Jenner:
                  
I feel the same way.. She probably did that 
   you're too hilarious 
Why thank you
Not true. You need someone who can be focused on just you and your brand for at least the next 18-24 months. Someone who is not a star struck power hungry person. Also you truly need to do some meditation my friend. #lightandlove
@KimKardashian?
actually fucked in the head
No wonder you and Trump are two peas in a pod.

You can't manage to what?

@beth_loveslife is this not Chelsea when she drinks lol.
You managed to be quite the asshole over the years.
You managed to alienate a lot of your fans.
You managed to send a message that bigotry is excusable , if you have $$$.
You need not to be managed, but institutionalized, Sambo.
@btn_james
Kayne, give us a shot mate, I got Luke Rainsford on Slam Dunk, I could probs get you on Reading & Leeds maybe?
Trump is now ur manager tho
Dude - you got a wife? You're being managed...
Dude, you’re trying to interact with Kanye.. get a social media manager
@paitencesgarmon

@richardmansel14

@ashleykayhines1 us senior trip
@julia_ohanlon
a reference to the c*mp**gn or my bad behavior? who can tell the difference at this point!
Time to hire @KrisJenner 
The new season of WestWorld is going to be lit.

Keeping up with Dolores
@PlumCrazyy you every time Boots wouldn’t give you what you wanted over summer 

@hannah_J28 when u leave me alone

She is hard @ work y’all
When your VLOOKUP is successful
You don’t need to be ‘managed’ or ‘handled’, what you need to be is free.
Now this the tweet of the yr
alright mate. im unemployed aswell. no need to brag.
Join us
jog on mate
Alright mate calm your tits
Same man. Same.
@KirstenWaldie you running the length of pencaitland at Rachel’s party last year
Those whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad.
I no longer have a manager. I can't be managed
Throughout human history geniuses often have a touch of madness.  I’m OK with that.  We probably need more Kanyes, not fewer.
I hate agreeing w/ whigs but...
The problem is, depending on your definition, Mussolini was a genius.
I didn’t figure you for one to use red herrings as arguments, yet there it is.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_absurdum …
girls, girls, you're both pretty
Drew has a talent for getting to the heart of the matter.
kyc
Hahaha esa soy yo en 5 años véame.
te amo así va a ser 
Can @ShorebreakNY have your ex-manager?

Yeah we got that from your Twitter feed.
But Kim your Boss tho..
She say she ARE the manager
Arsenal fan as well bro? I feel ya.
You think youre already the best when you did that? If you cant lower your manners and your attitude then leave the social media
absolutely nothing do I take back.
Sounds like a cry for attention
You've apparently lost your mind, apparently, you can't think...
Hey Luke isn't that what you said about Linus?    OOOOO Throwing that shade a bit huh??!!??  GO LUKE  !!!
Shut up kanya no one cares bro
He's a |\|igger
Haha gunga ging ging. 
Only person that could manage you passed on.. 
RIP Donda West 
Hey Kanye, I’ll manage you. Just gimme a shout.
Kanye to the world!!  smh!! 

Now watch Kim throw us unnecessary nudes tomorrow to muffle yeezy's behavior. 

North West will probably run away from home at her teenage years, i would too with such parents 
@ThatGuy_Dylan36

Funny you are just like West Brom then!
Said Bradford City players from January 2nd this year.... #bcafc
Absolute madman
You’re a clown.
There is only one person that can truly those words and that is Floyd Mayweather. Who didn’t need a manager because he could generate his own gigs and could make more also. The rest of us needs one.
Hola @glgh, te dedico este tuit 
Narcissism is a helluva drug
@EvHuff something you'd do
lmfao big mood @_nomolos @typednotwritten @soundsbyak
3:30 PST 901 Shelby Dr
His most Pablo tweet yet.
PABLO AINT GOT SHIT ON HIMM (Denzel Washington Voice) 
@CalumMorris1 reminds me of a team from Scotland 
Yea rite....
Clearly
So similar to your bf Trump. Both a couple of arrogant mental cases.

Awe

#WengerIn
Because you know everything... try a slice of humble pie, it tastes pretty good 
we know, Kanye. we know.
@KrisJenner girl, you see this???
@gedwards16  best one yet
Me too
You don't need a manager, you need a psychiatrist.

I love yoy
You’re better than any Troop or First Responder thanks for being so humble and thank you for your service.
Give us a ring son - x
Saaaaaaaaaame 
Can I get this on a shirt?
Never understood that role anyway. Save the %’s and be your own person
Yawn 
That simply means you have a fool for a client.

Kim and Kris is your managers now my nigga! #getout they bought you! @JayZ u dodged a bullet.
sounds like @paulpogba in a mood.

Really? Your hard work for clothes and shoes.
God is the ultimate manager
Sounds like you have some sort of emotional issue. See a therapist and talk about how to deal with it.
Welcome to freedom, Kanye.
I told my manager the same thing. They gave me a really long vacation.
You do need your medication though - maybe Trumps doc can throw some your way!
Everyone deals with their fall into obscurity differently.  Wish you the best.
You and me both, mate.
100 % CORRECT.
Yo ass need professional help buddy  you a trump supporter you banned from the city lord
lmao you had to @ him on my rt huh?
Lmao I ain’t see it til the last minute tho his ass ain’t right 
lmao his ass hilarious + so are you for calling him a trump supporter.
 fuck buddy we replacing him wit Al sharpton 
lmao how is he a better option
Cause he ain’t kanye  ye switched sides on us sharpton a real one 
9
@jav95_  Hahahaha you LOVE it right ?
Good lord I thought this was over 

Ah sure, you’ll manage.
How can they manage a manager

That's a big, bold, and true man's move!  The vibes is in the building!
I bet now libs/dems hate u, mock u, attack u, etc. Now u can see their true colors. Im sorry dude, but Jollywood now will do everything to make u turn into a big joke so u are not listened by their puppets. Wait for the jokes. Dems/libs are in fact awful people.
“When you finally move out”
Rafa Benitez could manage you in a second but he chose us instead. I hope Ashley supports him though. Ps your Mackerel fillets in tomato sauce are top notch.
Scary
#loser
@SophCharles1
Your wife’s your manager. She manages you
CLEARLY
The talentless informing the disinterested
Bit like the @MayoGAA panel
Imagine that
Are you becoming my grumpy old grandpa?
@mindykaling at least my role models are consistent
Sounds like a personal problem to me or possibly a personnel problem to me. You decide.
Hahaha... no kidding.

Prozac
something stupid coming...I already see it
You're dopey
Are you having fun in the rich white world?
YOU SOUND LIKE MICHAEL SCOTT
“New version of Pete Rock” man you used to rock with #Dilla what has happened.. smh

This is 45,689,023,754 on the list of things I give a shit about.
When you're an intellectual, you can manage your own affairs. Your current realizations of American policies is firm proof you're up to the task

This is literally all I can think of
@shelbyrollins We haven’t talked about the greatness of Kanye’s twitter in a while 
Why do your tweets sound like a call for help? Put your phone down and get back on the meds...
.@Arsenal in 3 weeks time 
Delete your account
Yawn
You don’t say haha
