that’s... that’s a bench kanye.
So jail benches?
I see what’s happening, yeezy furniture and artitech design is what Kanye is the future of his brand that Kanye has been preaching about
Wyd
Concrete rocks
Somebody teach this bitch to crop
Good lord whoever poured the concrete for these should be ashamed of themselves.
Dude go to bed man
So... do I get a record deal if I decipher the puzzle?
Get well soon
You building a skatepark?

Really on some beautiful shit here big bro

@Andreyha_ 

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
I’m ALL in
@sam_dls9
NBD spot 
That's Neat, Might Use That One Or Something Similar. You Can Probably Make Any Wood Form You Want And Fill it In. Awesome Stuff
yuck like in prison it looks
Let somebody crop your photos Kanye
HOLY SHIT!!!!
Details matter

Kanye West
Is it a bench? Is it a bridge? Do we sit on it or cross over it? Is it trying to closr gaps between humanity by requesting we rest, sit down and be humble? Theres beauty in simplicity because simple is truly complex. "Love"
You should deem it "The Elevated Curb"
Seriously are you hittin the crack pipe?
Dude, you trying to go back to ancient times. Black people have too much booty and stuff to be sitting on stones
is this your bed?
Concrete jungle.
Im thinking you like cement . 
These tables remind me of The Flintstones furniture......I swear I feel like I’m back in the 60s with everything happening these days...
un metate para hacer mole
Still learning to edit a screenshot?

Hey kanye, if you hit that button on the bottom to the left, it allows for you to save the image to your camera roll rather than having to screen shot ;)
Kanye
You need a cardboard box to make that look comfortable.
Album cover
it is not that hard to crop photos
Sunk
Jesus Ye, CROP THAT SHIT!

Looks like a showroom and design space.
Are you in solitary confinement?
Buy Artpop on iTunes

Hahaha
Honest question: Is this where someone lives?
Alright! Now you can have fresh tortillas made daily!!
Kanye West is a clone that ain’t the real him

Reminds me of the benches in Disney world.   Used to run and slide across them in the  rain.
This shit is as corny as tom Hanks instagram
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.
Just sad to see how the left will not let you be untitled to your own opinions.
a cool cement right there
yeezy sculpture


Have you found a sponsor yet to fund your career?
Civil engineering
The man is using screenshots instead of saving them to his phone  you’ve been spending too much time with the vapid Kardashians. That gave you autism
I support President Trump as well #sapir
@marq_anna

Hey are you okay man
Together, step by step like long ago.
i would totally sit on that seat, amirite fellas?

#KnuckIfYouBuck Campaign happens live on @1037KISSFM with @DJGEE_A at about 8 minutues into video Facebook link below. No more #fearthedeer
https://www.facebook.com/KISSMilwaukee/videos/10156018972946638/ …

…
Sad attempt at artistry, all we see is Kanye in the manic stage of his Bipolar disorder. What a spectacle
Those benches are genius 
Depression minimalist.
Great bench kanyee loving these holiday snaps
Dude crop ur pics
Do “you” crop pics before “you” post them on “your” account?
.
F
crazy man.  I remodel.  And sometimes the best elements are NATURAL elements in a design.  Hey man you have to check out "Qanon".  You will love it.  RedPill the world!
a rare limited-edition cinderbench boost 6900
Yep, China sweatshop. #DontGetComfortable
Dear god you’ve come unhinged just like your “brother”. Just shut up and rap.

Baby rick... you need tampon bro???

┏┓   In this house,
┃┃╱╲ we are still hoping
┃╱╱╲╲ for Taylor to bring
╱╱╭╮╲╲"reputation tour"…
In da gutter?
I love your honesty and the kind words u gave this women but own your truth. don't backwash due to presure from people who might not like you. That is insecurity and sorry she needs to own it or shut up. Everyone has a meltdown but two decades. and then backwashes more respect
And the garlic

I’ll bring the corn
r u ok
Get em Ye!
This is def the fade for my next date 
Where’s the yeezy , Travis , Uzi song broski?
But why cantvtrump supporters never name any of his policy's or what they specifically agree with trump on? Is because you like the racist rhetoric? Please enlighten us?
What a gloomy place
Drobpox stock just double after Kanye took a screenshot of a picture he has on Dropbox
Concrete slabs... So original.
Nice skatespot ye
Far from a Warhol
Is that the entrance to the sunken place?
We'll just pray for kanye
One Small Step.
I hope you know what you’re doing my brother  because I sure do.
You might like @Pinterest, to catalog your photos in.
What are these pics?
New music.
Do you still have the pharaoh chain though??
Me and the homies tryna skate those 
butter

let me front tail big spin out that bitch

@ItsSkullss
Nan lage kk knsa u pa ta lage on nude amber ubien kardishian
I CHALLENGE YOU TO DO GREAT THINGS AND NEVER BE LINKED TO IT, EVEN AFTER DEATH.  YOU COULDN'T DO IT - YOU WANT EVERYBODY TO RECOGNIZE YOU FOR YOUR CONTRIBUTION.  YOU'RE NOT SINCERE IN THAT REGARD.  YOUR GOAL IS RECOGNITION, NOT TO PUT OUT GREAT PRODUCT. THAT IS WHY YOU FAIL.
You're hate-filled. What have you accomplished?
YOUR MOM.
IT'S TRUE.  YOU AND DONALD ARE SIMILAR REGARDING EGO AND THE NEED TO BE RECOGNIZED FOR YOUR 'GREATNESS'.
You're seeing "T's" everywhere, huh buddy?
“And a white man get paid offa all of that.” —Kanye West - the GOP is using you to fundraise... you are now their product to promote hatred, racism, sexism, Islamaphobia and fear
REAL ARTISTS DON'T PROCLAIM THEY ARE,  THEIR SKILL SPEAKS FOR THEMSELVES.  REAL ARTISTS SHUN THE ARTIST LABEL - YOU SEEM TO REVEL IN IT.
Keystone
#Summer2018
He got this image from Email?
What will Kanye not tweet
***inspired by Rick Owens ....
A timeless look.  That tasteful thickness of that furniture.
Land art?

That bench has got to be worth half a mil
Do you live in it?!

Is this sarcasm?
You have yourself a concrete idea here, yeezy!
Don’t feed into his shit, Martha
Kanye why?
I was just thinking how important it is to do one thing at a time. Step by step.
This is a step.
There's not any context but hey cool.
Where Kanye keeps yesterday’s thoughts
Ironic
So artsy!
Kinda like a horror movie ?

I’d so get that
If you want that shirt you can get it here!
very nicely done for solid concrete
Kanye really isnt that tech savy...that or its for a e s t h e t i c purposes
Do you really think iOS 11 UI is aesthetic-certified?
Prison Bench
Y’all shouldn’t have taught this man how to screenshot
nigga do you not know how to crop?
Skateable
bro instead of screenshotting you can just hold the image and it will pop up save to camera roll
@KimKardashian #FreeThinkers #UnitedWeWin 
@realDonaldTrump
pompeii chic?
5,000 PSI? Nice!
Where is your sword?
Tweet the weird stuff. You should be best friends with Westbrook.
Only woke people will get what his last two photos mean I spotted it instantly 
What the heck do they mean!???
Concert pull your hemroids
Ok now that looks sunken

Kill me
Is that where Ray J hit it?
WRWY KANYE #DragonEnergy 
Help Make Tomorrow Great @realDonaldTrump 
#FreeThinkers #UnitedWeStand #UnitedWeWin

ADD WAX FOR SKATEBOARDING, PLEASE. THANK YOU.
Hey, can I send you my resume?? Didn't make it out of college, been working customer service for 13 years. My current company is closing 6/15. If you're hiring I'm pretty sure you may have something I can  do something within the Yeezy brand. #shootyourshot #canthurttoask
And a bench ain't one? 
In the sweatshop

so how much did you pay to have this artificially reproduced?
THE LAMP INSPIRED THIS

Jesus loves me : )
Looks like some thing Hollywood pedo/satanic use for human sacrfices
You could be onto something.

Are my bars as hard as that bench probably is?  #YeezyFurniture
Y’all been asking for more! We back with another freestyle off of the KOD album 

#BarsMatter…
Oh okayyyy!  #BarsMatter
Cement bench releasing on yeezy supply?
