Trav we gotta drop the track with me you and Uzi this week bro. Let's gooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Can u just get to the studio.
He been in the studio
Well he needs to get back to it
“Shut up and dribble” type people coming out of the closet now
woah just chill. No one said all of that. I’m sorry if u misunderstood my banter.
Announce Astroworld, or I don't let my gran out
@Ja_Kha_  @hamzdatguy  looks at this fuckery lmao
Nobody is paying for your crazy rants dawgs! Stop the foolery
You should donate that 10 million or 100 million to people who actually need it
U discuss @realDonaldTrump ahhaahahahah.
Wasn't lincon a republican
Weren't the Republicans Liberals back then whilst the Democrats were the conservatives dominated by slave owning planters? Didn't that dynamic flip after LBJ sign Civil Rights legislation as racist whites fled to Nixon's racist, conservative Republican party? Doesn't the current
dynamic of Liberal/Progressive parties supporting or being more in favour of or a more of a natural fit for Black people still hold then? Isn't the current dynamic between Black ppl and Liberalism then a DIRECT descendant of Lincoln's Liberalism and it's support for Black ppl?!
So..in conclusion..what's your point?
I'd give you 50M if you would add Jay Z too
Charlemagne the new Oprah?

Lead your people Mr. West. Set them free!
Exactly.. tf does that even mean

If you need someone to answer this, you're part of the problem.
he means ‘mentally free’ from our current cultural conditioning that is our ‘mental trap’ bc it keeps us looking at the world how we and others think it is instead of looking at the world AS IT IS. nothing deep. its quite simple. just try to meditate.
Laff my ass off
It's always about MONEY
My wife left me but she let me keep the YEEZY boost 350s
How you feel about Joe Budden 
@rouysmith come get your boy 
lol exactly. and if @cthagod the new oprah (lmao) , it might be worth $100 mil
Lenard could never
You and @cthagod did and interview together recently?
Ye stop tweeting I’m in class
you got his notifications turned on?
Of course
lmfao shut up
Word. Y'all talked Trump @cthagod? You said he had none of the Twitter finga energy. 
Nah oprah doesn't trash talk black women every chance she gets or black ppl for that matter .
Or white ppl for that matter.

every time u tweet I hit that notif so fast 
Your ego is out of control you need mental help
charlemagne is the new WHO?
Charlemagne is trash.
I still remember the twitter beef you had with him like 3 years ago 
The new who?

 the new Oprah
I can’t wait till we hear Kanye speak either 
Nah he still sucks

Naw $100 mill is crazy money. You should do it for $25 mill, just do 4 interviews to make $100 mill
Leave the drugs alone homes
Wait for the hundred million
@mjaaay84
Its more like shillposting. I don't believe that's a real person that posted that
ok
@kanyewest hire me and @sevyn 
When and where love
TALK THAT TALK BIG DOG
the takes in this tweet are currently powering twitter @ronnypatel31
YES KANYE


Get the bag 

This why @oldmanebro mad lol
Can’t wait to see this interview
Naw @joerogan is the male Oprah.
FUCKING DO IT
Most of what I know about @cthagod is his conversation with @PostMalone on his morning show and he was a child in that interview. Oprah can actually SEE the person sitting in front of her.
PLEASE RELEASE THIS
The new oprah
Lies! Show me the receipts!!
Hey how do you feel about your wife’s constant nudity on social media?
Kanye, what shit are you on.
Am on pimp c am on dj screw my sprite so dirty fool
this is mad interesting charlamagne has been the best in his field for a minute now
You put him over Howard Stern?
for black voices in radio he has the strongest, howard stern is an all time legend but currently charlamagne is the most relevant

The new Oprah huh! @kanyewest don’t be such a  hype beast. @cthagod is a great informative interviewer but he’s no oprah. Chill kid
Do not disrespect Oprah this much, @cthagod is a sissy always ready to hate on Nicki Minaj. What type of a nigga hate a woman for no reason?
lmao
When @cthagod can say a word that begins with an S properly then we can talk. Lmao
You ok hun pm me xx

You are definitely high
Opposites is a satanic gesture. study it. HARPO- not her idea....those who surround her are not GOOD...she too, another victim of dark energy.

FACTS (Charlie Heat version)
Jayz took the high road with letterman.  He think you a nutjob too
Yeezy is a hell of a drug
There is no “new” oprah ya freak
Oprah sweetie I’m so sorry
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=680618185625765&id=440576902963229 …

why is my 500 blush pre-order STILL not delivered yet from YeezySupply 
Release it for 2cents @cthagod
get on twitch with dj akademiks
@rory_maybery 100 mil lmaooo
Wow
If Lenard the next Oprah then I'm definitely the next Jeff Bezos
#falseprophets
U need to go on @cthagod podcast @BrilliantIdiots that would be the best interview you’ll ever have
BIG FACTS
Your twitter account reaches alot of people. Could you please send out a tweet that the world needs to help save Alfie Evans before its too late. #AlfieEvans
But he was outnumbered...
Your point is what?? We're NY'ers!!! Annnd NOT once did he EVER try that bs again!!! Him as a MAN could've kept his gums from bumpn on a FEMALE. So he was handled like the ish that he is...
If you really care about us you’ll drop it for free on YouTube
charlamagne the goddess aint shit but wrong opinions and skin bleach
Go back to not tweeting.

we need this interview
Good, we needed a new Oprah

@Oprah be like
talk that shyt OG

@Oprah sweetie... I am so sorry

DONT PLAY WITH MY FEELINGS JUST RELEASE IT

Oprah is a manipulator / she manipulated @DaveChappelle to look like a deug addict

Don’t gas him lol
@cthagod give him donkey of the day
This chat is major for The Show @GrandmasterZan

Dam those are some big statements
WE NEED TO HEAR THIS
@JamesSheldon_ Hahahaha
Hahaha. Literally listening to this as I read that. Tell a man I want 100Ms- in the words of @Santandave1
Hahahah weird that. Eww Dave.
Muslim ban.!! Mexican deportation.. do you think if Mexicans had blonde hair blue eyes we would even be having a conversation about deportation .. the facts say no.!!
There used to be about 40 Russians that lived in my neighborhood, almost all have blonde hair and blue eyes, now they don't live there anymore because last August ICE picked all of them up.  Nice try though.
prove it;;
I don't need to prove anything to you, I sat on my porch drinking an ice cold beer and watched it all happen.
so stfu your texting me.!!
i'm dropping facts your name calling..!! and talking about things you can't prove.!! who's the loser.?
Interesting
@NaderIhmoud 
Man. He’s wild af
Wake up Mister West!
kissing charlemagne’s ass
charlemagne kissed tomi lahren’s ass
kanye cozied up to trump

access of coonery

sunken place yo
who that? French king?
Na, I'm @cthagod assistant lawyer & uhh, on his behalf - We want in on that 10 right now.
Yo u need to get on the Brilliant Idiots! Tht be Fire.
The new Oprah nah Ye you are trippin
LMFAOOOO @cthagod THE NEW OPRAH 

Chthagod is in a class by himself.
Call him Chopra
Nobody can beatwhat you did w/ Sway no one!

Messy..
 This is just fucking gold bruv!
Not feelin u lately hope your music speaks


Yo @andrewschulz this why we didn't get shit on the podcast ? Respect though

“IM TOO OLD FOR THIS SHIT”
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
No he isnt. Stop it now.
@cthagod is winning!!
Preacher
Nigga what
Best interview of all time
@louistifler @shukhrann127 @Karl_suprice yeezy season all year round Hahahaha
they ain’t ready
Il n'épargne personne ni même oprah
Ca fait du bien de lire une celebrite qui sort du lot, qu'on soit d'accord ou pas avec ses propos.
Virgil
@JoeBudden 
we demand 750s
CHARLAMAGNE THE NEW OPRAH
the Charlamagne interview just got an offer on 10 million. Yo @cthagod should we hold off for a hundred million??? Jay Virgil Obama Trump and Mental Health.  Just a few things that were discussed. Charlamagne the new Oprah TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Man just wanna let you know if in that interview you said again the I love Trump shit I’ll be hella disappointed and fuck lets be honest I’d be the biggest L of your career 
You going to defend Charlemagne? He cant defend himself from a kid with rainbow hair doing his thing. @breakfastclubam @cthagod @6ix9ine
i
Lmao @ the new Oprah.  Please don't go that far Yeezy. his ego is big enough.
Im not a fan of Charlamagne. But if he is WOKEN, he alone will be a force to be fukd with. CharlaMAGA!!! This STORM is getting NASTY!!!!
Holy shit  wtf is going on?
Small loan of yeezys pls
@jeunecagey 
@MarzianAlam come again, the new who?


@Neelshah0123 
damn man
This shit is so corny...
Nice one @CharlemagneSeno
@virgiltexas congrats on making the list.
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Charlemagne is like Wendy Williams
That’s who he interned under.


@trenticlez Charlemagne is the new oprah confirmed
Charlemagne is so far from Oprah, this is fake news
Paul Pierce is to truth as Charlemagne is to Oprah
Charlamagne is the Russ of hip hop interviewers
i hate him ew
@cthagod. Kanye just blessed you even more just now. Bout to deadass get your own show. U always said you would know when it’s time to leave the breakfast club...might be sooner than later bruh.
Check out Charlamagne video with Pastor Steven Furtick called "Come Out of Your Corner" on YouTube.
!!!
I mean @cthagod been promoting like crazy

HOLD
K
@masonlacroix

You only communicate with fans/public when you have a project to flog the masses. I like the music but outside of that you are a bloody fraud.
i was like who in tf says bloody but you from overseasig thats bloody fine!
I’m READY
he really is. lol.
Let a texas nigga sauce a track..diamond in ruff down hear
@pashanchloe
Choprah!!!!!



Legend
Yes he is the New Oprah but wait til we expose Harpo
this is the best 1
Kanye might not be the most stupid person on the planet, but he's catching up.
All this goes back to that car accident Kanye was in.This is not funny anymore.
Drop It now
Can y’all just put it out on SoundCloud? 
@cthagod doppelgänger
Secure that m’fing bagggggg @cthagod
I love the both of yall...
That's DOPE and all... but back to these 160 positions and the resume I'm trying to send...
Gonna explain everything
Good to see @cthagod getting the recognition he deserves .. he asks great questions
Oprah sweetie ..
