Keep the conversation going, baby. They will eventually figure out who's the enemy. You're on the right side of history.
Over 150 years ago. Your reality is about what you make it TODAY
White Democratic dominated state legislatures...

Pay attention to who tries to keep your spirit enslaved
The outstanding personalities didn't raise from their circumstances by pointing fingers at the white boo-boo man not let anyone manipulate their thoughts

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/100_Greatest_African_Americans …
Come on Ye, that was a bad pun and you know it
It might be time to create a new platform Ye'. Twitter is designed to reward the trolls. Let's make a new Twitter that rewards positivity. DM me. Let's make it happen.
He ain't Black either lbr
This coming from someone who looks like “Mammy”.
i will send everyone $20 paypal that likes this tweet

Big Baby Scumbag

'Flex Music' 
Bro no

Put down twitter until the drugs wear off.


@kanyewest you do you. It's you and no one else should complain.
Kanye: take these chains off!
People: put those chains on!
The ancient Hebrews were in Egypt for 400+ years. After they were freed and received bread from heaven to sustain them, many of them said that they would be more comfortable back in Egypt where at least they could get meat. This mindset, kindled God’s anger against them.
i understand all what u doing and seeing that the majority of the ppl cant shows the state we are in mentally. keep planting seeds in ppl minds; it will take time. u r brave and u r n my prayers.
Watch the game relax yo mind @cavs or @Raptors
What?
chicken butt
With all the criminal activity committed why can’t we abide by the law


@kanyewest your a genius , Kanye 2020 , te only thing I’m concern is that you will change when your in the White House remember the president is always a doll for the Congress man
The media is terrified by Free Thinkers. Their careers are largely based on Groupthink under the guise of objectivity.
A free thinker that relishes in a echo chamber of “conservative views”? Lol plz
Apparently it’s not an echo chamber if me and Ye are both seeing this reply..
Ye knows how to manipulate the media, album promo. Same as trump, stoke the fires here and there and bamboozled his voters.
Exactly

Are you just stringing random words together that sound good in your head? Asking for a friend.
Imma start ignoring yo soon!

You've seen the level of white wealth and you have been seduced.  Like we get where you are.  Even the way you were talking today showed just how off the mind is.  The patterns in your speech skips beats among other things.  Go look at older videos of you talking about the same
Shut up
Ifb #DaftDrive
Scholars???? Scholars don’t reflect back on the ramblings of a mentally ill singer who made some rap songs whose titles  they don’t remember.
I see what you did there...to help the rest: “underground rail road”

Can you wrap your mind around this?
Sure...it’s a false quote. Just because something is on the internet doesn’t mean it is true. But keeping spreading lies to prove your point.
Snopes....lol really...they are affiliated with the CIA...you can do better
Here you go: http://www.harriettubmanbiography.com/harriet-tubman-myths-and-facts.html …
Also where’s your source? All you have is a picture with a quote.
https://www.goalcast.com/2018/01/09/harriet-tubman-quotes/ …

Just as credible as your other source ..it’s not hard to make up your own website
Except both sources I listed have quotes from historians and biographers of Harriet. Yours is just literally italicized words that don’t say where the quotes are from. I don’t think you know what primary or secondary sources are. Nice try buddy 
I've always said. The Evil Democrat party is so Afraid. That if one Black person , living on the plantation, escapes, and escapes . This is what leaving the PLANTATION looks like.
Stupid people , liking Kanye to kunta kunta, . They too stupid to see that he was escaping.
I am no slave and I dont walk around thinking as if I am one .So please don’t approach blacks with this “slave mentality bullshit” because we all know we aren’t slaves and we’re all working like hell every motherfucking day to prove it . But society stills treats us like one...so

Dear Mr West- do you think native Americans where responsible for their own near extinction? Do you think women are to blame for violent relationships? Do you think aboriginals in Australia are responsible for racism and discrimination? Are Palestinians responsible for apartheid?
you're ridiculous
#FuckKanye you a pussy ass sell out. You gave niggas hope. Now you a bitch ass sell out !

Democrats. Still love Slaves
Go watch the Cavs

Big Baby Scumbag

'Flex Music' 
You are distorting history, my friend. You are not a free thinker or some new age philosopher. There has been research done that does prove it benefits to think futuristically, but you cannot ignore or wash over history. That's not free thought, it's idiotic. Read a book or w.e.

In other words, yes, the democratic party was racist AF and did in fact support the continuation of slave states. I know that because I know my American history -- that's why its important that Kanye speak factually.
Republicans and Democrats switched platforms at the turn of the century which was 30 years after the 15th amendment. Nice try, Cindy.
Nope, the Democrats leadership just changed the public display and method of enslavement. It is just not public anymore like was in the early 1900s. Give people just enough to live, but not enough to escape.  Research the wealth of Democratic leaders. You will be shocked.

Contrary to this image, all human beings are susceptible to group think — it’s what allowed the nazis to torture millions of men, women, children without much of a stir. Group think is even used in how advertisers target consumers.
Spot on & terrifying.
Let them put Chains on your body -Never let them put Chains on your mind. Awaken from your Master #Trump spell and stop all this b.s. you're talking. Business is business but don't try to sell us on your maddening relationship with that Evil .
Listening to new tracks..Amazing that's some Monster shit..hope other folks pay attention and realize that "Poopity Whoop" is what they are getting with main stream licks..wake the fk up! "New Slaves" Deserves an Applause....
Kanye has multiple projects coming out so he’s saying anything for attention. Classic Kanye!
That's heavy man. But cool.
I love you.
The problem is, people aren’t allowing you the opportunity for free dialect. People need to see why you feel the way you do and why they feel the way they do so we can get to know each other better. Instead you’re being met with closed mindedness and judgment. Keep doing you Ye!
Isn’t it incredible what he’s been able to accomplish today. I think all of this is facinating. I feel Ye is a visionary. From the Charlamagne interview to TMZ he’s allowing a space good or bad to unite us in conversation in a way. It’s so crazy I’m here for this. It’s exciting.
Lol, jfc
Kanye you need to go to bed no more Twitter
All right Jake, you've had enough time being mad at Kanye, now finish your homework before it gets too lake
I’m not mad I’m a big Kanye fan lol. Just think it would be best for him him to keep his mouth shut at the moment
KANYE IS A FREE MAN. HE CAN SAY WHAT HE WANTS.

Plato's cave allegory was and continues to be an actual experiment..Shadows are but only reflections that we see when our backs are to the light..Just turn around and leave those shadows behind you, where they are truly insignificant..

not all heroes wear capes.  
KANYE IS A LEADER. HE IS NOT A CONTROLLED OR BRAINWASHED . HE IS AWESOME.
never insulted your "king" but i think your caps lock key is on. you should fix that 
To those who are saying we are only getting mad because Kanye's ideas are different, you're also wrong. Discourse is great -- it's what America is about -- distortion of reality does not deserve equal time in the public sphere. That's all it is.
And I'm guessing that Kanye's viewpoint is the distorted reality you're alluding to?
And to your point, some black folks decided to remain with their "masters" even once they were freed after the American Civil War because what does someone know of freedom when their entire life has existed in the shadow of a superior. Happens w. prison today.
Exactly. So Kanye's view-point shouldn't be demonized or dismissed entirely. People's inability or fear to venture out of their comfort zones, is slavery in itself.
right. which was his point. we were in shackles for 244 years, but it is 400 years of slavery. we are now in a new millennium, we no longer have jim crow laws, we are on the cover of Forbes Billionaires, the latest edition #robertfsmith so when do we stop our enslavement?
Sir you are under the underground railroad.  We may talk today about the day you sold your soul, but we want buy your music more will we have a conversation about the genuis we use to see you ass.  We will talk about THE FALL OF THE GREAT KANYE AND WHITE ENVY
What's happening right now with @kanyewest and @RealCandaceO— real , honest, genuine conversation— will likely be remembered as the first shot fired in the consciousness revolution of the first century, of the third millennium. #shotsfired #kanye2024
Sure. 
I used to ride the overground in london, but it wasnt quite a hell road
Clearly you weren't on Southern.
I wasnt! I remember them being crap though. I meant the big blue and orange Overground one

People are waking up to media lies.
I get it- we all have choices. Some choices may lead to ultimate demise- but it’s still a choice. If all slaves chose not to accept- there wouldn’t be slaves... this is FACT.
God bless you @kanyewest! Keep doing you. Love you, brother. 
The only thing you did today was prove that you know nothing about history.  Read books, take courses, educate yourself, and get some treatment for that out-of-control narcissism.
Kanye....
Breaking free.
bootlicking sellout - do you shine shoes too?

And the cost of your "#FreeThink?" Actual human lives who backwards, systemically racist policies actually impact. Also, the prison system doesn't view all Americans as equal. And slavery lasted 250 years & Jim Crow Era racism and segregationist policy followed.
The Moors (Islam) enslaved Portugal for over 500 years , but whose counting.....

We all have a history!
I'm not disputing that. Right now, we're talking about America's history. One that is barely in our shadow. Compare how Germany handled post-holocaust vs. how America has handled post-slavery. Very different.
Grease your own wheels!

All I see is selfishness, and blindness combined into what you represent!
You really have no compassion for black Americans do you? You’d rather talk about slaves from other continents than admit that we have problems with racism in America??? Ok. Good luck with that, dude.
If you’re calling me “too dark” because you think I’m black, first of all that’s fucked up. Second of all, I’m Native American and white ancestry. So... ok.
I was going use the term black, but sensitized it for you!

Sorry, your feeling are hurt, but my ancestors were raped into diversity, I'm the product you're all looking for!

Peace out!
#FuckKanye
#Fuck44Traphouse
Yeah this’ll really catch on
#Fuckclamslamjamz
You need to call cnn don lemon
LEMON GETS PAID BY THE SLAVE OWNERS TO BRAINWASH BLACKS.
BTW I’m being sarcastic. You’re pretty dumb and such
no u
lol why are you so quick to reply to him
Enough already, damn!
They are silencing all the witch slayers! Twitter is corrupt! #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise #WitchSlayers2
Guys none of your posts are being shown! Twitter is trying to silence and close us down again! I'm pissed off with the corruption of twitter! #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise #WitchSlayers2
How many times have they locked us out this week they have asked me to confirm my number at least 7 times! Who wants our numbers that many times in one week? We know google [aka] the CIA are your paymasters! #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise #WitchSlayers2
My account is still active at the moment they have asked me to confirm my number 5 times this week! They say automative behaviour whenever I just sign in! It's Google [aka] CIA surveillance! #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise #WitchSlayers2
Yeah I see ya! I don't know if it's good thing that you work for British Intelligence or not! On the one hand you're protected to an extent! On the other everyone associated with you keeps getting harassed! #imposters #manipulators #hypocrite #scandalise #WitchSlayers2
Only you are responsible for your actions not the media or anyone else.
the ultimate Gemini
Keep doing what you’re doing,  doesn’t even matter if I agree with stuff you support - keep speaking your mind
Have you been droppin' acid recently or is this just an old trip resurfacing?
Stay free brother.
Lol

Did Trump brainwash you or have you always been this nuts?
DID THE DEMS BRAINWASH YOU? HE IS A FREE MAN NO ONE SHOULD EVER CHALLENGE SOMEONE'S FREEDOMS. PERIOD.
#ignorekanye
Hyfr

Nope. More like “don’t go West.”
Please, folks, for the love of everything that's right in this world, stop giving attentiont to this fool. It's what he breathes. It's what sustains him. He will continue to act like this if you continue to watch or participate. Let him, and so many like him, just fade away.
You need to visit the website THY BLACKMAN you fool! If this man still has over28 million followers 2mar, the rest of the world is right in laughing at America as a nation.
Your continual justification of your moronic statements show you still care what others think. If you were truly free you would speak and not mine for constant affirmation afterwards
I prefer the road to heaven
Wow that's a really stupid title.
Bruh, that's bad. Like corny. Hope your next album isn't full of corny lines like that.

" They want him pushes daisies!!!! They say he gon YAYYZZY!!!!"
Mason Weaver's on your side Kanye! Check this out
One more tweet and I unfollow you
Issuing an ultimatum from a position of weakness is pretty silly.
Kanye the media don’t give a shit about your indipendant thought. They care that your throwing support behind a guy who banned black people from his hotel.
Infrastructure week
Remain quiet and let people assume you’re a fool. Speak and you remove all doubt. It’s time to stop speaking and start listening. The world doesn’t revolve around you and your terrible family.
We all live subconsciously through KANYE WEST . The #DragonEnergy spirit has made him a pioneer of #FREETHOUGHT , a vessel of #Love .
Here they come
Hey @kanyewest, the Thought Police are coming for you https://www.dailywire.com/news/30083/maxine-waters-tells-kanye-shut-he-talks-out-ben-shapiro …

Glad to see you support free thought and expression!
Underground *over ground railroad * Hell road. Rap shit not deep. Try again. Don't cannon ball in shallow water bruh

Dude, whatever is in your dragon energy juice, you need to seriously cut back.
Go watch the @penguins
The race issue has been viewed through one lens that any thought otherwise becomes repulsive Slavery occurred in a different time so called victims have to move on and not go whining forever. Israelis have been slaves most of history but they are one of the most successful people
Here's a title. 

Commercial suicide
Smh prayers for you God bless!
Everyone endures some kind of persecution or pain. Seeing the common bond is the pathway to hope. One sin nature one death one resurrection. One Savior. Use pain to help others..a tool you wouldn't have otherwise to do good.
Yo kanye congrats on the new little from chicago to Chicago
In the year 2100

*media to scholars*: Revolutionary, Kanye West, was on TMZ Live

*Scholars*: What’s TMZ Live and who’s Kanye West?”
Whatever Kanye.  I think you’re doing what most good artist do...THEY FEAR THEIR FUTURE FAILURES.  If you seem crazy or unreasonable people won’t expect much from you. God bless- Hugs-
Shut up already. You have dishonored your ancestors more than enough.
no u
Let this sink in.
Why are you allowing your words to be taken out of context. Elaborate...say that what you really meant is that in the 246 years of slavery rebellion, revolt and a fight for basic human rights could've taken place. Look at what the Haitians did in 1791.
@danielhowell please tell me you unstanned

Overground Bell Toad makes a nice ravioli too
Would black Americans be better off today, had their ancestors never come to the USA as slaves?
Nah it all started with Kim K and Ray J tape. I love Yee
its an infallable move that no one can prove wrong. Life may be a stream but its more than just a stream its a beautiful song with all the believers becoming the singers
I love this. I can relate to this style of thinking and expressing and playing on words. Keep it up. 

Overgroundbreaking

Listening to Kanye West is a choice. I choose to turn him off. #IfSlaveryWasAChoice the Underground Railroad wouldn’t have been underground.
Kanye you’re not good at Twitter.
Kanye he's right you're not good at Twitter
You’re done. Your music is slumping and your support for a man who emboldens white supremacists will sink you!!
Do You breh! That's it! 
Here’s a title: Kanye West Kardashian is the first black, white supremacist.
People don’t get you man!!! Be you and keep well.
What makes 2pac greater than @kanyewest is that he was not a coward
This a a very sick commentary from someone so smart in other areas. Please take a break from all this inflammatory rhetoric. Peace!
Love can conquer all but as Christ knew, trying to sell that message to the wicked, will direct ALL their hate onto you.
I’m not a fan of Trump nor Kanye usually, but I applaud him for his bravery and huge step away from materialism.
Here another title , the Kanye West show. 
Where he tries to stay relevant by saying some crazy ass shit, because he's not releasing music. Or some shitty ass shoes that cost $800 that only cost $15 to make. .
You are BLINDED by your own FAME to even RELATE to the rest of us. 
Stop Boasting Your Fame at us and trying to make us your fame slaves!

What the actual fuck does this mean
It's "medication time"!
If you notice in the comments you are gaining alot fan base who are only agreeing with you only because they think you agree with trumps views.
I mean, this has got to be a joke, right? Dejavú.... i said the same thing about that piece of human shit named @realDonaldTrump
Uh, nothing started today. You aren’t cool or interesting enough.
YE  REAL TALK THIS IS THE ASCENSION PROCESS THE DIAMOND IS CUT OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN UNTIL THE LIGHT SHINES THROUGHT IT THE WAY INTENT MANIFESTS ITSELF. NO WEAPON FORMED AGAINST US !!!!!!!
That’s what happens when a slow child thinks he is using clever word play
R khaki pants and polo shirts 2 mainstream for U? R U all about uneducated free thought but don’t want to be called out by the fake news? Then #yeezy is for U! Not a fashion line but the Official Clothing Line for slavery deniers and the #MAGA Alt-Right!! #streetstyle @kanyewest
MY ALBUM "KANYEISNTCRAZY" OUT NOW !!!!!
The opposite of under is above.

 
Isn't that a Wesley Willis song?
You and "free-thinking" Kim can kiss my entire black ass.

We all have to keep this talk going. We need to tare down these walls between US... We need are left brain & our right brain..
nah, go back to the drawing board
Poetic
you changing the world bro, big love to uncle ye
What started today? World Love? You forget Woodstock?
Video: Infowars Reporters Ask University Of Texas Students If Masculinity Is A Mental Health Issue http://www.infowars.com/live-infowars-reporters-ask-university-of-texas-students-if-masculinity-is-a-mental-health-issue/ … via @realalexjones

Kanye. It's embarrasing to see how "woke" you think you are. Stop. You are not intelligent enough for this.
Slavery was a choice? Africans were brutally forced into slavery. Thousands died in escape attempts. You are no free thinker, you are free of thinking.
Literally while @kanyewest is tweeting these nuggets, states are suing to get #DACA destroyed completely.
But, hey, at least one of the most successful rappers in history hasn't been reduced to a #shinyobject. #AnyHispanicsInTheRoom?
#Trump #propaganda #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
While @SpikeLee trash talks you, he is hanging out with Satanist spirit cooking pedos. 
#Kanye2020
The flat effect on this dude on the right! Geezuz!!!
Look at that evil thing. Guess drinking blood and getting korean baby penis facials does wonders for your skin at the age of 70+

than you Kanye!
@kanyewest will “lead the people out of the Democrat plantations” - Rush Limbaugh #theovergroundhellroad
How to piss off millions of people, ignore history and ruin your career in one sentence.
PUT THE PHONE DOWN KANYE
Underground rail road, overground hell road... I see what you did there 
Love it
Minds blown!!

Since you don't read books not sure if you read this, but slave movies was made more so for whites benefits...They showed how bad slaves were treated by whites during slavery...I'm sure your not old to see the effect it had but the more movies like that the better things got...
And I know your thinking they was doing it, they had to see it....But no the the movies started later & whites was still mean toward blacks...And by seeing it like that they could see the pain & fear that had been done...Then they started seeing the humans that had been hurt...
And we had started building a Nation together...And I know still there was a ways to go...But now since your boy trump has enter the stage & sat us back 50 or 60 years...We may never live to see a day of total peace between us now...B4 the world ends...God help us all...
Scholars won't be talking about this...don't flatter yourself

Such edge
kanye sto-
kanye no ple-
kan-
KANYE NO
Be quiet Jaden light
Native americans know all to well.code of handsome lake a must read
Kanye is right no matter what the circumstances are everything becomes a choice after a while. We chose to be slaves to the U.S by paying taxes. Abraham Lincoln didn't free the slaves he just made everyone who isn't rich one.@kanyewest
We are winning
Shut up already.
You said yo I had to lose weight because the public would clown you like Rob. So you’re a mental slave to the thoughts and opinions of others. That would be a choice per your “reasoning” Wake up and take care of you
Shut up
The only reason I'm mad a kanye is because the "black people where slaves because they wanted to be" IM WHITE AND THAT HURT ME 
Idk why but he seriously fucked up when he said that
#FuckKanye
I have travelled from the future to tell you the actual title : not much of anything.
Kanye! I loved your interview with CtheG... I’m praying for you brother. Thank you for sharing you vision. People may doubt, criticize and condemn you but that just lets you know you’re heading in the right direction. Keep dreaming, keep shining keep being your authentic self.
Who started it? You or them??
