The point of socialism is to drag everyone down to be at the same level of court. There would have been no Kanye West if socialism is in place. It does not allow individual prosperity.
Socialism gives almost complete control of the individual to the government. The Democrats prefer socialist style policies. Welfare is a socialist style policy to create dependency on the government. Same with government housing.
The whole reason that Democrats want to take away the Second Amendment is because it will make it easier for the state to control its subjects. The Democrats view American citizens as subjects. They are supposed to be the ruling class of the subjects.
The whole point of the United States is to get the focus off of a “collective society” and onto “individual liberty” and “prosperity”. That’s why we have the most innovation, wealth and prosperity on the planet. That’s why America is the shining beacon on the hill.
Fart noise
The whole point of the 2 party system is to keep the masses arguing amongst themselves so that the people at the extreme top of the pyramid can do whatever they want with little to no resistance.  Democrats and Republicans are the same thing in this context.
Oh watch out guys we have a real political genius here

"The left and right are both equally bad. I am very smart and understand what is going on"
Thomas Sowell
and...... what's your point..... ?....we already know progressives think different opinions are 'unqualified' and that 30 years climbing the ranks in the progressive echo chamber makes one an 'expert'
I’m sharing background info on Thomas Sowell so people have an idea of who he is
At least you are admitting that the left needs help knowing important things
All people need help as no one knows everything
Sowell is a major American philosopher, historian, economist, thinker. Has been for decades. One would think that leftists, who claim intellectual superiority over all, would know this
There are geniuses who don’t know how to make macaroni and cheese.
and that's a good thing
Thomas Sowell is an American treasure we should all aspire to rival. If you have friends sending you Sowell quotes, you have friends worth listening to.
Kids, I'm an old reader of the @AEI pubs, old #WFB fan, and find @Nigel_Farage interesting. U can also find me Iistenin to @mrjamesob or #Chomsky. I've a signed copy of #ThomasSowell's #RacenEconomics. Sowell was NOT liked by his peers back inna day. He was hobbled by #racism _
Interesting with respect to Kanye and Candace Owen's popularity with their "peers". Seems free thinking is perpetually unpopular among closed thinkers.

Full interview with Thomas Sowell is now up on YouTube and in podcast form! 

YouTube: https://youtu.be/5Ivf9jrXGAY …
Great interview! Congrats on getting him on!
The interview went
So well
I love that your friends are not afraid to put you on blast!
Your reading comprehension is poor. Sowell  is a leading thinker in the libertarian conservative movement, who also happens to be black. He wasn’t putting him on blast, he was supporting him.
This is golden. The Left needs surgery to dislodge the foot in their collective mouth at this point.
do u have any opinions of ur own jesus christ
Yes he’s been tweeting them all week to the point where people are getting sick of them?
they've all been incredibly vague cliches and you have the brain of a child if u can't see this. not trying to be rude but yall have so much learning to do
He does have his own opinions. If you mean to ask if he has any opinions which aren’t influenced by some outside factor, then no. No one does. No one has an opinion formed only from within without influence on facts or the opinions of others
ur on the right path brother, just note that there's those who influence in the name of evil and in the name of good. the hatred-filled alt-right and previous ideologies of extremist reactionaries is one of mostly evil
Interesting as it’s the Democrats that thrive on a poor black population.
implying i care about the democrats fair play londoners definitely care about ur petty political games
It’s pathetic how aggressively you’re tracking opinions you don’t agree with. If you don’t like them, fine. But leave it there. And he’s posting the perspectives of others because, as he said earlier, there are a lot of black conservatives out there that have been afraid to ->
Thomas Sowell in that text! Keep that brother around your circle that’s a great man to learn from!
Amen to that @ThomasSowell .
Amen, Uncle got promoted to Professor Tom!!!
Who the fuck is TMills? 

Socialism too often is grouped in with communism. I can tell you that in Canada, France, the UK, Sweden, Finland, etc people are not turned away from medical treatment. Education is better. For profit prisons do not exist, and crime/murder rates r lower
Scandinavian countries are not socialist! The means of production are privately owned in all of those countries. Having large social spending programs does not make a country socialist.
They are socialist compared to the USA. They have SOCIAL security, WELFARE, lots of vacations, like in France, high LIBERAL education.
Maybe they aren't socialist in the strict sense of the term, but they are the most LIBERAL countries in the world.
They’re liberal? I thought free speech was a liberal value something those countries don’t have
This guy doesn't know what liberal or socialism or capitalism even means
“Many white liberals have adopted blacks as mascots, in order to 'make a statement' against American society. But mascots are only symbols, and their well-being is seldom a top priority.” - Thomas Sowell
@kanyewest
@TheALX @charliekirk11 @RealCandaceO Free thinkers only
Thomas Sowell quote
Thomas Sowell is the smartest man alive and he’s been saying this for decades
Enough is enough Kanye
Ha, you should try countering those philosophical/historical observations instead of giving orders
Holy shit! @kanyewest is talking with @ThomasSowell
Ok. This is GOOD 
Algo está pasando en 2018. Es como si una fuerza estuviera haciendo que toda la mentira y el engaño en el que hemos vivido quedara expuesto.


Not a good use of the meme.
I 100% agree but Why ??!
Thomas Sowell 

"Wherever you get enough far left people in power, you can find a similar willingness to force everyone into collectivist conformity at all costs."

He went from Kanye West to Kanye Woke
Kanye chatting about @ThomasSowell!?
This is the best timeline.

Kanye West is tweeting quotations from @ThomasSowell. This is excellent. https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/991025872680333312 …
There is no 100% capitalist society today nor have there been any on record...
They all combine aspects of both societal forms.

Socialism as it stands today in the Nordic countries is fairly successful.
Dude. That's still socialism within a capitalism framework.
The Nordic model isn’t socialism. You don’t know what socialism is. High taxes do not equal socialism.
yes it isn't socialism in the strictest sense. the policies that govern their economy are reflect socialist values. As far as my understanding goes it is a combination of free market capitalism and with a model focused on welfare.
Socialism can't ever work without people actually accumulating the money that has to be spent.

So yea, socialism is absolutely dumb & has to be funded by something that actually works (capitalism), in order to implement the kumbaya-nonsense.
Money doesn't grow on trees.

Kanye is tweeting about Thomas sowell what a time to be alive
Sometimes you gotta go back to square one
Thomas Sowell is the GOAT 
That's a response from your average "mini mind."
GOAT stands for Greatest of All Time. Not sure if you misunderstood my tweet or are trying to insult me?

yo this is fire 


No, Ye. Sowell is bad.
how about having laws that don't let corporations take advantage of citizens then?
Sowell is bad??????? From the person that probably would take advice from Beyoncé, that’s rich
Socialism has never been something created by elites, it is something that has been fought for by working people. Similarly, the modern welfare state is a concession to those working people, and capitalism only serves the interests of those who already have wealth + privilege
Such ignorance, capitalism has pulled billions of people out of poverty
Human society has phases of economic development, capitalism was an enormous improvement over what came before it but we can do better
Yes I'm well aware of the supposed transition from capitalism to a "better system" in socialist philosophy. That utopian concept is not feasible in the foreseeable future and only leads to everyone being equally poor until we advance as a society.
Unfortunately I disagree with your analysis, Mr Race War Machine
If everyone got the same income we'd all make $10,000. How is that even close to an improvement?
You have the best twitter Ye very informative. Enjoying it from all the way in Africa.
I love the new kanye
Spit in your food kanye
Back to the pure kanye
I wanna see you rule, kanye.
The welfare state in the UK was modelled after the Beveridge Report which was directly to help people once the war was finished and was published in 1942. That was the welfare systems purpose and a welfare system isn't a socialist idea as socialism is a further left wing ideology
Same with the nordic countries. United states is going to look like a 3rd world country in 20 years if they don’t adapt a welfare state.
I wouldn't necessarily go to that extent but I don't like when people compare a welfare state to socialism bc to me a welfare system is simple human decency and the least a govt could do for its citizens
Government is the people. Human decency is for you to do yourself. Violent confiscation of others' wealth beyond what they receive back in services is evil. It's amazing when you insinuate there is virtue in that.
The tax system is not evil. I'm not asking for massive taxes just enough to provide a welfare system that helps everyone in the country to at least have a basic standard of living in a first world country
Beyond what we pay for in services, yes, taxes like you want are evil. You're asking for government agents to steal the labor of law-abiding citizens literally by point of gun. Then you call this "fairness". This is an evil ideology.
What makes you think those who are in need aren't law-abiding. What makes you think everyone who pays taxes is law abiding
Because you are law-abiding does not give you the right to send government agents to steal from your neighbor to give to you, no matter how poor you are.  Do you understand?
like if you’d vote for kanye
Like if you wouldn't but you enjoy his music
I like lamp.
I love desk
Sensible
I love carpet
THOMAS SOWELL IS A NATIONAL TREASURE
Tweeting Thomas Sowell?? Damn, dude...I'm impressed. #IntellectualPorn

“One of the most pathetic—and dangerous—signs of our times is the growing number of individuals and groups who believe that no one can possibly disagree with them for any honest reason.”
Most profound truth I have seen today!
And people want to call this lunacy?! #imwithkanye
Kanye has an opinion, but he is also open to listen and respect others opinions
Kanye right now
Twitter is de-threading replies from your threads like they do to Trump, Kanye.
Thomas Sowell is one of the greatest thinkers and economist of our time, he happens to be black and was a student of the late great Milton Friedman. Prior to that he was a socialist on the left.
More than that, Sowell was a Marxist. Then he made the mistake of doing research and paying attention to the actual data. Notice that anyone who criticizes Thomas Sowell always does it through personal attacks, never by challenging the data or his arguments.



Wow!  Mike Drop!  I never thought i'd say this, but @kanyewest, I could not agree with you more.  I salute you sir!



2/1

4-30-2018 ---- Mon -- 2pm CST

@ScottAdamsSays  discusses @netanyahu presentation
on Iran

14m 
2/2

4-30-2018 ---- Mon -- 2pm CST

@ScottAdamsSays  discusses @netanyahu presentation
on Iran

14m 
https://www.pscp.tv/ScottAdamsSays/1YqGoLjymkvJv …
Thomas Sowell is brilliant.

"Wherever you get enough far left people in power, you can find a similar willingness to force everyone into collectivist conformity at all costs."
Welfare is neither "Well" NOR "Fair" for ANYONE. A Government TRAP... jmo
I’m a white woman who has been reading Thomas Sowell for years, he’s brilliant
As I tweeted earlier, Conflict of Visions by Sowell helps a lot to clarify how one thinks. It’s not partisan actually even though Sowell is unapologetically conservative
YE NO
The fuck is this man
I definitely agree with people who enjoy meetings should not be in charge. More time talking about what should be done rather than action.
People are waking up
like for carly to brazil

Dr. Thomas Sowell can be read about @ThomasSowell 
This man is beyond brilliant.
Thomas Sowell has been introduced. There is absolutely no turning back.

Thomas Sowell is best described as a literal advocate for the devil
So edgy and woke. The amount of his books you have read=0. Hell the amount of books other than harry potter and alinksy=0.
I've read a number of his op eds and was able to poke holes through his arguments when I was a child as it's really not particularly dense

“Many white liberals have adopted blacks as mascots, in order to 'make a statement' against American society. But mascots are only symbols, and their well-being is seldom a top priority.”
So true! Sowell is the best!
I never thought I would be in a position to like a tweet from Kanye. Thomas Sowell is a legend.
Kanye woke AF at last... freedom!
kanye if you read THE QUEST FOR COSMIC JUSTICE by Thomas Sowell you will not be dissapointed.
your "hero" emma gonzales is a socialist
Damn @kanyewest, they are going to have daggers out for you after going against socialism.
Thomas Sowell is STILL ALIVE, you should meet up w him!
Wish more people would read the works of Thomas Sowell, he is a brilliant mind.
gooooddamn now @travismills is quoting Thomas Sowell what the fuck hahahaha @ThomasSowell
Nah man this is manipulative of free thought. Marx stated the most essential explanation of his Communist Manifesto is “abolish all private property.” In my opinion, this is exactly what you’re getting at with your focus on community, love, and open exchange of ideas.
Generally, this ideology is opposed by the people who already have control of wealth and production in our society, and have the ability to oppress the people, who are simply attempting to gain access to the ideas of others and express their own ideas
A belief in Marxist ideas does not discourage personal expression. Though some countries have unsuccessfully attempted to pair the two. Marxism is about giving all people the tools to pursue their ideas, and encouraging those people to exchange ideas and resources with others
Wish there was a better way to contact you but I guess this’ll have to do. I have absolute faith in you and your intentions, but I think it’s advisable that you do personal research on this stuff. The stigma and false perception around these political terms is too prevalent to
Derail your overall message. Much love
Are you on con team
How does any of that relate to con Team lmao
Would love to give you one of our Thomas Sowell pins @kanyewest he’s one of favorites #legalizefreedom #thomassowell
WANT!
Sold out currently but we have a lot of other cool gear at http://human-action.net  


If you want that shirt you can get it here!
LBJ is not a hero to the black community. There is plenty of audio proof of this, but the programs he passed is all the proof one needs.
You can try erasing history. But the truth can't be erased.
BTW it was a Republican Congress w less than 10 Democrats voting for Civil Rights
@Millsie5402 didn’t know u talk to ye like dat
We have a great relationship. We inspire each other to be as great as humans can be  
Have you looked into Walter Williams?
 #MAGA2018 = Thomas Sowell 
Thomas Sowell is incredibly intelligent. I have read only two of his books, but wow. Would love to have a dinner meeting with him.
Mark Levin's books are very informative too. His last few are his best imo. Reading Hayek, Sowell, and Levin is a great way to find the knowledge and reasoning to become an effective free market advocate. For finding the moral motivation and courage to do so I suggest the Bible.
 Thomas Sowell is brilliant!
Thomas Sowell is a gift from God.

You don’t like Thomas or God?
Both.
Classic!
Thank you. That’s one more classic than you, so go me 
I’m currently reading one of @ThomasSowell books...he always gives you something to think about. Love!

Seriously, read FREEDOM!

https://thefreedomline.com/freedom/ 

@adamkokesh
Sowell is an American treasure.
@JasperMorgan10 wtf I love Kanye West now
How is the welfare state about the egos of the elites? Not rhetorical - I don't understand this argument.
If you feel that you know better how someone should run their life, you keep them reliant on government programs. They never move on from there and remain reliant on your government programs to supply their every need, never breaking free to live their life on their own & prosper
I disagree but okay - I thought it would be more like Dems promoting social services to feel good about themselves. I think that it is ultimately more important to consider the impact of a policy than the motivations of the politicians who promote that policy.
My issue with dems, from being a former dem or at least independant, is that the policies don't do what they say they will. Regulations to help businesses, well small business can't afford it so corporations win big. Insurance markets to lower insurance cost, cost goes up. Etcetc
Huh, how'd this list of democracies with socialist policies get placed under that title? Weird.
Have you talked with anyone with relatives in Sweden? The rampant crime that keeps women in at night, that the govt refuses to report on? Have you considered most Socialist experiments that have not yet failed have relied mostly on the U.S.A. to shoulder their military burden?
Dude, people in Sweden are freaking crazy about living in Sweden. They love it. 

Where do you think that crime is coming from?
Good thing Sweden isn't socialist. Many Scandinavian countries have more economic freedom than we do.
Fascinating. How so?
For one thing, they aren't "socialist" by the classical definition.  The PM of Denmark pretty much called Bernie a dummy for saying so. 
For instance, ALL Scandinavian countries have a corporate tax rate lower than ours was just a few months ago.  Now we're about the same.
Obama lied to America about the dangerous Iran deal.
Dr. Thomas Sowell is a hero. He is a brilliant thinker who has had incredible influence over the course of his formidable academic career. Learn more about this great man at: http://www.tsowell.com 
I love Sowell. He rocks!
 #MAGA2018 = Thomas Sowell 
When Kanye picks up a few Thomas Sowell books it’s game over for the Thought Police 
Your grammar is worse than Gohan’s bowl cut.
Kanye and Thomas Sowell. Beautiful. Way to go my friend. Welcome to life off the plantation.
@ThomasSowell is super smart 
Thomas Sowell is a living legend!
Thank you for starting a conversation. We really need this in this country.  #allopinionswelcome #eveniftheyreunpopular
“It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so". -Mark Twain-

@federalreserve he’s getting warmer
Thomas sowell is the greatest conservative thinker of any age, and probably the greatest philosopher of the 20th century.
@RMaddrell  @BenCoates10  @harrypeake99 spot mills
Truth
 #MAGA2018 = Thomas Sowell 
Ummm. Sweden, Finland, Norway and Denmark are welfare states and they are thriving the most. Best life quality, happines, equality, life expentacy etc. It’s about the common good.
"Life quality" is subjective, but let's see which countries rank first:

Disposable household income: US
Life expectancy: Japan
Happiness: Finland (you got that one, although it's self-reported)
Income equality: Ukraine

I'm not exactly seeing a big win for Fennoscandia here.
Yeah weird how a country that doesnt tax its citizens for shit gets to have the most disposable household income.

Idk like you should probably want to help other people. It might be a rare thing, but compassion is probably somewhat useful
Helping other people through state action unfortunately doesn't work well at all. I wish it did, as it would make problems much easier.
Except for literally all of the Scandinavian countries but okay

Or wait what? Theres plenty of research to show that welfare works very well. The fuck are you on about?
It doesn't work well in Scandinavian countries, where living standards have flatlined for 40 years (except Norway) and current governments (Løkke-Rasmussen, Sipilä) are having to significantly slash the welfare state because it's having a deleterious effect on growth.
Løkke is a retard who buys expensive shoes. I dont support him or his policies in any way

"slash the welfare state because it's having a deleterious effect on growth."

Can you show me welfare being bad for growth?
What? When did he buy expensive shoes? Are you thinking of someone else? In any case, this "retard" recognises that the state consuming over 50% of GDP is causing growth rates of below 2% coming out of the financial crisis; real GDP didn't recover to pre-crisis levels until 2015.
I have a new affinity for @KanyeWest!

Check out Ye vs. the People (starring TI as the People) - YouTube http://bit.ly/2w8ZyZs 

He wants to #MAGA, and so do I!

@az_movement @calicrusader @KeepOrangeRed 

"Democrats Don't Care About Black People"
Right on Arthur !!! 

The Klan saw a resurgence in membership after Woodrow Wilson hosted a viewing of the Klan Klassic "Birth of a Nation" at the White House!
Sowell is my hero. Here's a quick rundown of my takes on his books.

 #MAGA2018 = Thomas Sowell 
 #MAGA2018 = Thomas Sowell 

Kanye use this app to automatically stitch your texts together into one cohesive picture

How are you going to acknowledge the bad welfare system in reference to the powerful elite, and then bash socialism in the same message?
Welfare = socialism
Yeah so isn't #5 contradictory of #4
Socialism exists today in essentially every country. Welfare, minimum wage, subsidized healthcare, and tax credits are all forms of Socialism. It’s not black and white, where you can only have a 100% capitalist or socialist country. You always need a mix of both.
Yaseen is so smart 
Only when it comes to Socialism and the motherland


Sowell is a god

Basement dwelling Beta male avatar. Let's check his profile...annnnnnnddd he's from the UK, no surprise.

Dr. Sowell is one of my favorites, too. Just in case you were never given proof of many of things you have been saying lately, read Colonel West's Speech. (VIDEO, TRANSCRIPT) Allen West Delivers Fearless Black History Month Speech. http://www.texasgopvote.com/video-transcript-allen-west-delivers-fearless-black-history-month-speech-003872 … via @TexasGOPVote
This is dumb as hell. How is the welfare state about the ego of the elite?? And if it is, who gives a fuck as long as it’s helping people?
The New York Times is  celebrating Karl Marx Today

This Kanye tweet is oh so relevant.
@ThomasSowell -the smartest man in America.
Thomas Sowell is a genius.
Learn from the best.
Thomas Sowell is a hero of mine too! What a brilliant man!
@davies_will when are you getting in touch with Kanye’s people to debunk neoliberalism via iMessage
Thomas Sowell rocks
Thomas Sowell is amazing!
Thomas Sowell has never received the credit he deserves.... I hope he will live long enough to see the effect he should have had a long time ago
T. S. is a personal hero. Love it.


Agree
"The whole two-party political system is designed to keep us trapped!"

Good point, Kanye, what should we do about it?

"Start working with Republicans."
Wow! @Obamoba; see Kanye is now digesting @ThomasSowell  points; Interesting times we're in 
 #MAGA2018 = Thomas Sowell 
Kanye, your best work is ahead of you.  Don't let the puppeteers try to keep you down. #decentralize
@ThomasSowell
Every now and then something happens on Twitter that actually leaves me speechless.

Like @kanyewest tweeting the great @ThomasSowell.

If you start reading Thomas Sowell, it’s over. You’ll never see the world the same way again.
I’m just...wait. Kanye is quoting the great Dr. Sowell. Just, damn
I love u Kanye West
SCREENSHOT OF WEST AND FRIENDS TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
“The United States owes African-Americans reparations for slavery, a recent report by a United Nations-affiliated group said.
The U.N. group warned that the U.S. has not confronted its legacy of "racial terrorism." 
@UNHumanRights #RacialTerrorism #USA #MAGA #TRUMP
I don't owe you a damn thing. 
at this point people are just using u for brand advertisement cuz they know ull screenshot their messages chief
Dear Mr. West, Hit follow on this account NOW: @ThomasSowell
That’s a fan account. It says it in the bio
Yes I know. It is a brilliant account, tweeting regular Sowell quotes.
On another note would you like to debate private ownership of firearms
Thomas Sowell is one of the greatest minds of all time.
Do you think nordic countries are doing bad because of welfare state?
Formulate an actual argument, instead of a straw man.

And maybe you'll get a sufficient answer (to an actually related question).

Same goes for you, I suppose.

Say something or fk off.
Do you want me to claim a moral high ground of you not understanding how the comment you was replying to was not a straw man (& in fact your post was a straw man) or do you just want me to post gifs you don’t understand?
You can claim & post whatever you like.
That doesn't mean that you have any knowledge about anything or are right about something.

If being a potato makes you feel better, then go ahead.
Worst scenario, I'll block you for wasting my time, because you're intellectually inferior.
Holden say you support socialism right now or I’ll bully you
I support full communism and nothing short of that
Ok I can get on board with that
HURRAH ! ! !
Now, Kanye, my brother by one chromosome, read from the truest prophet of the emancipated man! - Where even the Thomas Sowells of today find wisdom to carry us through all the ages of man - 
FREDERICK DOUGLASS !

This I pray to whatever God we truly share.
Two that quickly jump to mind are -
"What, to the black man, is the 4th of July?"
http://teachingamericanhistory.org/library/document/what-to-the-slave-is-the-fourth-of-july/ …
And - "What shall be done to the slaves, if emancipated?"
http://rbscp.lib.rochester.edu/4386 
Even 30+ years hence from my discovery of them, my eyes never fail to brim at their reading!
Thomas Sowell, the man who WOKE ME UP.
Fact: 70% of votes against the 1964 civil rights act we're cast by democrats.
Fact: of the racist democrats in Southern States less than 5% switched to the Republican party.

A little research through Gov records not the NY Times, Fox News, or CNN gives you the truth
@Tmills1224 bro u text Kanye?
Damn, was hoping he wouldn’t post this
big yikes
the yikesest
@tutesudo_ WOKE
What a time to be alive
Will u stop pls
No.

"All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident." - Arthur Schopenhauer

"To thine own self be true then as follows the night the day, thou cans't be false to any man." - Will Shakespeare
In defiance of his Leftist masters, Kanye has escaped the Democrat Plantation.  Now he must be destroyed.  Quickly.  What happens next will not be pretty; he will need support from all honorable citizens.
Welcome to sanity @kanyewest!
You're the Martin Luther King of your generation, Kanye!  Freeing young people from the bonds of enforced "group think".  Thank God almighty, you're free at last!
#FreeThought #Kanye   
Thomas Sowell is awesome! 
I hope you get to meet @ThomasSowell someday. He has been a hero of mine since I took my first ECON class back in 1987 and we read "A Conflict of Visions"
. a socialist state is solely about control. The @DNC and ruling elites in @GOP want to control the masses. So they dangle govt $$ welfare, food stamps, etc. to keep people down instead of giving them a hand-up. Time for us to elevate each other.
Thomas Sowell is the best!
Thomas Sowell is the MAN!!! #wisdom #truth
Hahahaha Thomas sowell my man
Thomas Sowell one of the greatest economic/philosophers of all time 
Yep. #goldrush #libertiesforall
MAN, AMERICA IS GOING TO BE RICHER THAN SAUDIs. WE HAVE A FUTURE, AND THESE IDIOTS HAVE NO VISION ABOUT WHAT AND WHO WE CAN BECOME! THE ANTI-SH-THOLE MOVEMENT = #MAGA!!!
THERE IS NO ESCAPE FROM THIS WINNING!!!!
Right on! The great @ThomasSowell is a cherished teacher!
 @ThomasSowell
. @ThomasSowell is the 
Thomas Sowell is awesome. So cool to watch Kanye break free. Must be so invigorating

Socialism works wtf
Any responses that actually negate these points about socialism?
The welfare state is not about egos, it's about controlling people
