Double Dragon!
#DealWithIt
It’s happening... the Left has nothing on our #MAGA movement.
Kanye playing you bro
Nah man what Kanye is saying is let’s stop the hate, only love can bring America together.  There’s no reason for Trump and supporters and resisters not to bury the hatchet forgive and work together.  It’s only a fantasy if we choose not to make it into a reality.
I’ll pray you’ll find compassion to work together with all people.
I love you!
Love
Kanye is the best #twitter bot.
... been telling people that my whole life and meaning it too. What took you so long? Is this a manic high or a PR stunt? All the same to you I imagine.
I love you Kanye. gonna tell everyone following me that i love them today. thanks. even gonna tell democrats. great idea.

Not if you actually love them?
Amen
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*

Stop? Why? Cos it's true?
Sir because its been reposted over 10 times, I support Kanye but not these reposted crap
So you reply with the most posted gif of all time. Makes sense.
Another pawn for Trump to use. You speak of racism in your songs so much yet you allign yourself with the neo nazi white supremicist candidate. Complete sellout.
Kanye West is trying to be the Twitter's king!
I love you @kanyewest

truth

LOVE NEVER FAILS!
ironic
Finally, something that makes sense...
i did for about six months but ppl kept assuming i actually love them bc im hella maternal and it got me into trouble
This was very difficult for me early in life to tell people I’m close to that I love them....The action is important- Love is an action- just do it!
Why don’t you tweet this to @realDonaldTrump?
Democratic policy effect on people of color: In 1960 Black poverty rate was 6% today it’s 27.5%. In 1960 only 20% of blacks were born into single parent homes. Today it’s 72%. Blacks started voting democrat in 1960
The democrats have always been the party of racism, they founded the KKK, were the confederates and created Jim crow laws & segregation, they're still doing it today.

The Conservative party has always been the party of freedom & empowerment!
You are the PROPHET!! Loving your wisdom and independence...keep it up!
Ok so I will give it a try  ..... hey Kanye love ya dude 
I hope everyone finds someone to love them like you love you. 
Donald Trump: 'Just look at my African American over there!'
When did telling somebody you love them ever feel weird? Have you lost your mind Ye?
Try shutting up
Like if Kanye is a sellout
How is he a sell out?
You have now become Public Enemy #1 on the left just for speaking your #truth! 
DON’T LET THEM SILENCE YOUKeep speaking your truth! 
#DragonEnergy #MAGAKANYE  #LoveNotHate
I love you Kanye.
I love you Rosie
Go tell your new MAGA friends to stop trying to keep all Muslims out of America. Go tell them that deporting 7-year olds is wrong. Maybe you should’ve read one fucking article about what Trump stands for before being a sycophant.
This has nothing to do with trump lol, I don’t agree with a lot of things our president does, that doesn’t mean I attack someone about a post that has nothing to do with him
I genuinely don’t understand what you’re saying. Kanye is all about Trump now, as if Trump’s platform is about anything other than instilling fear and hatred of minorities. There’s no love or empathy to be found. Kanye doesn’t know anything about Trump’s social agenda.
And I agree it’s just why don’t u copy this message and paste it on the trump tweets
*Kanyes pro trump tweets
Trying to catch Kanye before he throws his career away and disappoints a million kids that look up to him as a role model.
man, I never really liked Kanye- didnt dislike him tho- but he has been stating 100% facts... No doubt loving his unapologetic stand on things he shouldnt be ostracized  for in the first place.... watch how many of you are gonna start supporting his stance real soon....
Man you just said you never liked Kanye. That is the definition of dislike.
you can not like somebody without disliking them.... go take a lap you little blimp


Is taxation theft?
No. Wealth can only be accumulated in civilization and taxation is the price you pay to live in civilization.

Taxation isn't stealing from people, it's providing them with a stable environment in which they can accumulate wealth.
You’re talking about the benefits of taxation. If I steal 10 dollars from you and then buy you a sandwich, does that mean I didn’t steal from you? It’s still theft, and theft is always wrong.
You can't separate taxation from the benefits that it provides. They provide a more livable, accessible, affordable, equitable environment in which people want to live/work/raise kids. They provide the infrastructure and well-educated work-force that attracts businesses.
That doesn’t answer my objection. Is it theft? Yes. That’s factual. Is it okay to steal to “benefit” others. No. It’s not okay to steal. Saying something isn’t theft just because you benefit from it is not an argument.
It's not theft. It's part of the covenant you agree to by being part of civilization. You don't get to be a part of civilization without paying into it just like you can't go to a gym without paying your membership dues.
You can opt out of going to a gym. If I refuse to pay taxes, I go to jail.
You can opt out of being a part of civilization if you no longer want to accumulate wealth and benefit from it.
Bitcoin is about global empowerment and love Kanye.

Throw us a Bitcoin tweet. Tell us how much you love Bitcoin.

It will love you back.
Do you sit around waiting for Kanye to post
No, just have mobile notifications turned on.
Fair enough, I enjoy seeing how you’re gonna respond to a Kanye tweet
Praying for u
YOU HAVE NOT BEEN RIGHT SINCE YOUR MOM LEFT .. Bless u. Praying for u
Kanye > J Cole
Fax
se eu fosse seu vizinho, ia tá ouvindo JayZ no último volume
Se eu fosse vizinho dele e produtor, faria versão de Famous em rap acústico
ele ia gostar, a meta é tirar ele do sério tipo 
manda um carro de som tocar beyonce no escritório da mulher dele
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ou pegar um yeezy e fazer um crocs com o solado
Learning to accept, will positively spawn the acceptance of love.
#MAGA #DragonEnergy #MakeAmericaLoveAgain #Kanye #ChanceTheRapper
@Andreyha_ I LOVE YOU! 
And I Love you honey pie!!
I LOVE you, Kanye! Thank you for being YOU! 
#FreeThinkers #GreatAwakening #maga
Does your family love him?
Hey Kanye Dalai Dama! Love your new vibes! Only +++
Halo? Jesus speaking 
A self professed pro conscious brother married to a pretentious princess ? Someone ones lying and we found out who’s the real yesterday and wear your red hat  !
Like this if u need help Kanye
God I love this. Keep going Kanye. It needs to be said.
Cooning is up at a all time high 
You could really use Kanye’s message. You sound like you have a lot of hate.
I love you kid
So true
Dragon born
fool go jump off a cliff
case in point
Amen!  You are so right Kanye!  Thank you for speaking the truth!
Been doing this for years. Everyone has forgot how to love. Belive me

It’s something so many of us lack but we try apply ourselves without no meaning behind our actions
Full of 
Kanye is the richest slave alive
It takes 1 second to find a reason to hate and one minute to find a reason to love. Take the time to know someone by who they are, not how they are different.
You know who doesn’t love you? @realDonaldTrump .

“PUT IT IN MY HAND” 
https://youtu.be/56KGSjv044Y  
I do it all the time! We live in an area where we take care of each other. I thank God every day that I landed here.
Where do you live?
Small town SC.
You're lying. SC is the worst and ALL of the white people are racists. ALL OF THEM.
Love is always hard for anyone. It has to come from the heart, and many hearts are filled with hate that stems from years and years of lies and deceptions from people we trusted. It will be so amazing when we all can look at each other with love in stead of hate in our hearts!!!
Love yourself FIRST
Keep up the good “tweeting”. There is nothing wrong with Expressing how you feel about our Great President!
Amen

Damn Lu, coming in hot! I barely see you on twitter, now you brining that Latino fire  loveee itttt
I feel you Mr Yeezy 
Why are you like this?
He’s always been like this. People around him have likely been telling him to stay quiet. He has broken free from the chains of the thought police.
“Sometimes I find it easier to despise someone than to love them.” - George Mueller, Boardwalk Empire
Right.
I don’t know much about you @KanyeWest, but I’ve been reading your tweets and it’s easy to love you. Not in a gay way, of course...


Dems and liberals just hate.  It is who they are
It’s easy to hate.  The hard part is being nice.
I love you! Nope not weird at all!
How do you type so fast lmao
Thats a real @Fact
i think we have to "get good" at grammar first
tell that to your president lmaooooo
People find it hard to get you. I get you because am a Gemini and I get misconstrued a lot. Love you Kanye
I think kanye tried lsd for the first time recently
It’s not that hard tho-you got this 
Nah you diss taylor too much thats not love

I only love my bed and my mom I'm sorry
First people need to understand what is "LOVE".. the definition of love has changed..
Good on you
Yaaaaaaaaawn!
A men to that 
It does feel weird. I’ve been saying “my soul loves your soul” it’s less awkward and it’s getting easier.
Not all are wise to see..
Pelo menos alguma coisa q presta né animal

I love myself
I love u kanye
You are not alone Kanye.. many of us are waking up to the mind control
Black Republicans, Black Conservatives are walking one of the toughest paths right now. #KeepStrong #YouGotThis #MAGA #WeArePowerfulTogether #FreeThinker #Unity
Yeah because they’re oppressing themselves good work Black Republicans 
No. The ones suppressing themselves are the ones who keep supporting a party that CREATED THE KKK! 
The parties switched there main ideologies since the 1920s I believe
:(
He didn’t like gay people but that was definitely against Clinton’s views
Trump even held the Gay Flag... I'm not sure where people got the whole "Trump hates Gays" agenda. I'm lost there
Amen 
I tell people daily that I love them. And I mean it!!!
NJ
Kanye >Tupac
so lead by example @kanyewest
But.... you don’t even love YOURSELF. 
You’re trapped Kanye. Get out before it’s too late. Oh wait... never mind.

Try following me
tell that to ur dragon brother
Sadly so true Kanye.
How many young lives impacted by this very expression, influence of words ... be it spoken or unspoken.
Your a sell out 
niggas
And I didn’t even know I liked you!   Now I now I do!
We can tell bc you can’t spell.
Maybe but some people automatically say "I love you" & it resonates like "see ya" and loses all meaning. 
But I do agree we need more positivity and less hate.
you betrayed us what love you are talking about now ? we gave you love and you sold it for cheap
Feedom to speech also inculdes disagreements but is really nice to be express your view without quilt or slandering
FACTz
Yes sir
I love u Kanye West I just wish u would chill out and realize the impact of your actions and desicion
The truth always bitter! People prefer hate than love this days!
Boy take yo damn meds


You have to get less good at loving Trump..
Kanye pissing off all the democrat SLAVES
The media has made us so good at hating people! They want division! If we are united people, we are so powerful! They don’t want us to be powerful…
You can’t even use the term I love you anymore without being accused of being gay… God for bid you tell a friend you love them… People look at you like you’re some kind of sicko!
But this is all the fault of the media! What they have done, the boxes they have put us in, all for their own benefit & the benefits of the political elite who they work for… who want us divided.
When people realize that 99% of the content that they hear on the mainstream media is filtered by the political elite, for the interests of the political elite, they would start to wake up and realize it’s not all as simple as it seems…
So the fk what man, maybe he's a fan and happy to see Kanye awake. The lot of you need to back the bus up and calm yourselves down. I see a lot of trash talking on Kanye's posts now since he's spoken up, so he gets good attention and you call it stalking in the process?
Dude, if you can't see that he's trying to use Kanye to legitimize the burning ship that is the MAGA agenda and the Trump Presidency, you're completely blind.
If he were truly happy for him, he would leave a message and move on. Not obsess and continually push his agenda.
Kanye are you high and can I have some
He’s just said he loves people, nothing wrong with that.
He also said Bill Cosby is innocent.
Well that’s a whole other tweet that I didn’t see, but in reference to this, I think it’s nothing wrong.
I didn't say it was. I'm just saying he high af.
Got ya, btw I could’ve swore you were in this YouTubers vids that I watched. I think it was ohmwrecker
Might have been me 
Do you know what ohm looks like?
I highly doubt you're feeling much love now. Now that you've exited Plato's Cave enjoy basking in the sunshine of the truth.
IMO false love is just as bad, if not worse, than hate
Lay off the weed
My 82 year old grandmother still gets awkward when I tell her I love her lol. Shes tough as nails but says it back anyhow.
You know you’re an ass when your own family stops following uou!
ILY Kanye
You are in Christ Consciousness
Amen
Probably one of your most iconic tweets to date
opinions are a spectrum.
Just because you’re on one side doesn’t mean you’ll always be on that side.
You can take ideas from both sides. 

That’s what makes you a FREE thinker
You should follow/respect people who do the same but you’re not. Trump is petty, insecure, bragadocious, unfaithful, untrustworthy, unreliable and cruel. Is that what Love is to you? #maga 
We Love what your doing man! Keep it up!  #MAGA
This love concept really is that new to you, huh?
I don't find it any easier to tell someone I hate them... so maybe you have to work at both?
promo promo promo promo promo
I love all y’all 
“try telling people you love them it actually feels weird at first. We're really good at hating each other. We have to get good at loving each other”  -Kanye West   #WordsOfWisdom #LoveMusicLoveLife
So true Kanye, more love less hate
Been doing it for decades and love is what connects us all. I really appreciate all that you are doing Kanye. It isn’t about politics, it’s about people letting go of what holds them back and embracing the person they are no matter what their peers say. Free your minds friends

I love you bro
ily 2
Jus let me hit whatever you been smoking.
It's nothin you smoke.  It's just a very hard pill for liberals to swallow.  the #RedPilled
is where u find the #FreeThinkers . Liberals aren't allowed independent thought. They must conform to the assigned victim groups talking points as fed to you by the MSM. #MAGA #Trump2020
Well said bruh
I think it’s a lot deeper than this
you will change the world.
Love you kanye
@kanyewest I help others spiritually see from the energy that they can manifest from within thee! Do you see? This was manifested by the power of three . Would love to have you be the first celebrity to help rehab the world with me  http://www.WorldTrustMediaNetwork.com 

Truth.........Kanye !!
I think Stephen Hawking is at work in Heaven... the Space Time Continuum just folded and the human race has a chance in America. God bless us all! #UnitedWeStand #MAGA #KAG #OneForAll #interkoreansummit @realDonaldTrump Can I get an Amen?!
We have no chance. Trump will further bury us under a mountain of debt and unregulated business with no more environmental regulation. The poor will stay poor while the rich get richer.
We love you @kanyewest
True
“I cannot understand people who say that minorities should be represented everywhere and yet are upset when there are blacks represented in the conservative movement.”  -Thomas Sowell
I hope, Kanye, that you are giving other celebrities permission to stop hating, and recognize that we now have a president that is changing the world
He hasn't United anyone besides against him. He spreads hate. He had nothing to do with Korea. But of course he would gladly take the credit.
What an amazing, myopic, delusional response. If it wasn’t Trump, then who? 

As soon as you can answer that question with a modicum of credibility then I will give it some thought. 

Until then, you’re nothing more than an under-informed never-Trumper, get in line.
I think it was south Korea. 
(NIV) Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth.
Tell your fire breathing friend Trump that #dragonenergy
Kanye, my name is Ginger. I am going to ask you to end what maybe genocide of your people. Margaret Sanger quotes for Planned Parenthood prove evil motive genocide. God had a purpose for these babies. His purpose was good & not evil. I pray God ordains you, in Jesus name amen.
WELL NO SHIT WHAT'S NEW KANYE KARDASHIAN.
Forget this dude about Trumpidity, KWest is confused kinda of bedroom problems with Kim - I smell it miles away......
I love you @kanyewest ,,, there i said it, not weird at all really, it's something we should tell each other everyday
As nigerians cries, leftist @USEmbassyAbuja was celebrating intellectual day. Highest insult to black nation. @statedeptspox @StateDept @AfricaMediaHub @FLOTUS @PressSec @MikePompeo_  How do u think Africa will see US as. Let's put race aside.
#FreeBiafra


No matter what kanye says. I will never stop loving his music.
please keep being you.. i love you man, whatever you're going through we're here with you
Is he trying to be the next Dali Lama?
You tell the people you love you love them so that they know there is a difference between the ones you do love and the ones you hate.U don't eat every food you don't accept every human you have to know what to say no to you have to know what to love and what to hate Choose
That's bullshit! @realDonaldTrump is none of those things and you still endorsed him. He is the main reason there is an increase in hate crimes. He only cares for himself. Why can't people who support this guy see that?
True
@pray4jgivens

Amen @ kanyewest
Your right the media forces us to spread hate fear and jealously when was last time one of your friends truly was happy for your success? They always there when you fail to say I told you so though!

Tell that to your BFF, Trump. He's really good at the hate thing.
blz
Maybe you should tell your friend Donald that..today is his wife’s birthday and he said he was “too busy” to get her anything..he definitely is good at expressing love 
Exactly you can disagree with someone and still love them. People are supposed to live their brother not bash them and keep them down. Love is what will change the world not hatred and anger
Truth
@jamieleedacey
that requires people listening, but already they are not, already they are telling you that you are wrong. They would rather discuss politics in their inner circles than listen, understand, and expand. Bubbles pop.
