I'm starting to fear what you're gonna tweet next tbh
My money’s on “Cancer is the patients own fault “ 
Take some time to actually listen to what kanye said
Please enlighten me what did Mr.West factually say with quotes . I must have heard “ for 400 years , that sounds like a choice “ I had a PHD in linguistics listen to Mr. West to be sure I could quote him .Maybe unlike you I have no understanding of de jure and your more informed?
PhD in Linguistics? It’s You’re, not your.
Sorry for the typo I’m just curious what dose the typo take away from the question ? What dose your comment add?
I’m waiting for someone to answer my questions,I have misspelled so ?my misspelling suddenly put your position for slavery as being self inflicted & a choice ? consequence of the trauma & poverty  from subjugation vibrates due to numerous factors .Let’s have a honest dialogue .
Just have another drink.
The fear over nothing burger stories about President Trump is taught by the MSM media.
Get your very own #MAGA hat, shipping only.

JOIN THE MOVEMENT!

click here now: http://bit.ly/2Cg0sG5 
Got mine
Show us where it was made...let me see
True, and hate is also learned which more often than not results from fear.
This is America if we choose to resist the fear of free thought.
Race does not divide us, the race to divide us, divides us.


That's not a quote from Harriett Tubman and has been widely debunked. Please stop posting fake quotes. Thank you
http://thinkexist.com/quotation/i_freed_a_thousand_slaves_i_could_have_freed_a/342592.html …
... says it is. Snopes says it can't be proven. I still like the sentiment, but appreciate you pointing out that the attribution may be incorrect.

My, God! Please come and rescue me from my tormentors! thousands of RT’s of something that Harriet Tubman NEVER actually said! REAL black conservatives actually read her words, actually study her so they…
It’s take someone brave to go against the crowd. Keep spreading #truth.
Y’all love having a delusional black man whom needs medical attention on your side huh?
And we should take the opinion of the leader of pron hub as serious or? I mean its cool we support #adult content but... Im just, well never mind... #TNM #MusicFAM up! to each his own. lmao
You:
I ain’t afraid of anything fuck you mean
@ToddRokita
Yes sir majority fear what they don’t know and not familiar with
Shut up.

so why is there a genetic correlation to anxiety?
Some of it is innate. Look up babies and depth perception.
go to bed kanye

using your logic, i have the right to “troll” lmao
what does mental health, specifically mine, have to do with anything?

Go to sleep
Can I translate that as: “you don’t have the right to speak your mind unless I agree with what you say”??? Why are you telling a grown man to go to bed?  He is “woke”. Hard to sleep when you are as awake as Ye is.
I'm rocking with Ye too but common, that's a bit of a reach lol. It IS nearly 2 am after all. Kanye West needs a Kanye rest so that tommorow he can be at his Kanye best 

Although I could read his tweets all day tbh
Only 11:40 west coast. Ye is fine.
Oh word? bet lol
Go to sleep bro!
He’s woke...let the man speak his mind.
Sorry I don’t glorify what can easily be obtained by the average human, there is nothing special here.
He’s trying to wake an entire population that has been lied to for decades. Force fed lies and twisted history. They aren’t who they say they are...just ask LBJ. Or Hillary and her mentor Robert Byrd.







Brilliant. You seem smart.
Of course
Right on. I'm learning. You make me think. Interesting reply. I'll be thinking about how to interpret it all night. Or not. Feel free to send the crips my way if I say anything wrong. I'll DM my address.
You need help! Like years and years of therapy, Yeezy!
@RealDLHughley x @SnoopDogg @realDonaldTrump
YEAH lets just keep supporting them people who made your clothes... wait do we even know who they are, their thoughts, history, who they voted for? wait... do we care, no wait, wait, sorry ok... do they even talk to the public? neva mind this dont matter. you making sense...
Shhh he needs to sell those yeezys for thousands who cares who manufactures them.
Come on Kate this is a nonprofit I volunteered like 3 days last week got paid for 2! Shhh not thousands! Don't give him ideas man lol the man said he giving it away in disasters & the way my bank account is set up right now Kate... I'm sure that will apply, hehe
not spiders
Psychologically speaking, yes, our fear of spiders is learned.
You must be fun at parties
It was dry sarcasm, I’m the most fun at parties. 
What explains your ignorance on slavery?
first slave ship docked in the US in 1619 399 yrs ago hes talking about the mental slavery that people have been experiencing since then. They have a choice now to be free from thats what hes saying hes not saying that anybody could just stop being a slave back when it was legal
This shows how people can manipulate words, he was talking about mental slavery and people are just gonna say he meant it literally
If only there was some verbal method for distinguishing "mental slavery" from what he said! Maybe if he could...I don't know...preface the word 'slavery' in some way in order to indicate that he meant 'mental slavery'(whatever that is).
I call it modern day slavery
I call it "Kanye Needs Publicity".
Yes Kanye West @kanyewest with over 20 mil followers needs more publicity...
Famous people don't usually hit X amount of fans/subscribers/followers and say "nah I'm good here". It's like saying a wealthy person has no desire for money; they didn't get rich by refusing the stuff.
He's spreading a new way of thinking, not allowing the mainstream tell him what to say
Follow the red elephants on Facebook for red pills
Follow Colin Flaherty
Fear can be a great motivator - if you view it that way! Don’t let fear paralyze you! #Perezism
Fear can be a great motivator - if you view it that way! Don’t let fear paralyze you! #Perezism
I think that I’ll look elsewhere for my philosophical advice if that’s okay with you.
Nutcase
Just know, change has NEVER come without sacrifice.
David, Ghandi, MLK, the list is long
Keep doing what you are doing. Love NEVER fails.

This isn't a crucifix- this is you reimagined and KurseLand is a thing. #kuwtkurse
Your amazing @KanyeWoke thank you! 
Fear is their weapon. Love is our's #nofear
Hire me in one of your factories  let's change the world galaxy universe in that order
Beautiful page
Go to bed

Is it hard for people to learn when they refuse to read?
There's no fear in #IfSlaveryWasAChoice!!!  Wake up Kanye!
I don't think you are crazy, what you are saying resonates in my heart and I'm really feeling everything your saying. I'm so happy about the way you are confronting everybody and everything fearlessly. Praise God.
Of course you do Susan
See the difference between her tweet and yours. Hers has hope..yours has hate..this is what Kanye is saying.
I only said "of course", Arjun. You chose to see hate in my tweet. It's all about choice.
It’s clear what you were insinuating. Don’t deny it, embrace the hate, let it consume you. Then, realize that love requires much less effort.
I said what I said, Grumpy. It's all about choice.


Kanye, we’re done listening to you. I don’t wanna unfollow cuz I still kinda fux with you.. but you just need to stfu for a few days. 
Nope
@kanyewest You NEED to read this.
Fear stems from the unknown and/or misunderstanding.

It is not learned. It is instinctual. Primal.

Yo, @kanyewest come on man. This cannot be.
Trump will protect you
Hate when someone doesn’t agree with the agenda don’t you?
Think Forward Kanye! Not Free...thinking free is how we got these mumble rappers. Why do the all look and sound the same!? Why does our cars still look the same!? Why is fashion repeating itself!? No one knows how to think freely when we are all stuck following each other.
You think to be contrarian is to be a free thinker. If you're contrarian you need to add discernment. Read, learn, research. Don't just say things without fully understanding if there is presence of truth or implications of what is said.
Man if you don't calm down your fear is gonna be "earned".
Kanye is free to express himself, especially if its in a non violent way. 

Whats the problem?
No problem. He can say what he wants. Folks can be mad or happy at what he says.  #NotTodaySatan 
I mean it sounded like to me you were implying someone is going to harm Kanye if he doesnt be quiet. That doesnt really scream " i support free speech and independant thought!"
Why does fear have to be associated with violence? You are projecting.
You said his fear is going to be earned. How is that going to happen, exactly? Is someone going to intimidate him?

Fear requires something to be afraid of, right?
Don't make an ass of yourself Kayne. Fear is an instinct, in fact, a deeply primal one. It is a person's instinctive fears that are played upon in order to control one emotionally and intellectually.  A person could say fear is manipulated to keep people within certain bounds.
Oooh. Look at the big brain on Zach. Who puts that they’re a PhD on their twitter handle?! 
Do you think I give a rat's ass what you think of my academic background "Q"?
Clearly you do...
They don’t want you to speak out provoke change
Stop. Stop & stop. You’re literally regurgitating everything media is telling you. Think for yourself. Trump is against “Islamist extremists” (not Muslims). “Illegal aliens” (not Mexicans). And blacks? Are you for real?! LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT IN HISTORY FOR BLACK COMMNTY.
Kanye .... shut tf up
ya girlfriend be saying that to you huh.... Im sorry it just sound like how these hoes I know be talking to people... my bad... oh I aint mean to try you.  mad respect...sorry ok.. dennis... DENNIS?... ok neva mind #Love2U DENNIS lmao oh,,, I cant @thatladyrayne save me! whoo
Here ya go from us to you, fill us in later on how it feels for a perfect stranger to come on your page being rude & mean, you do it. #Love2U fam. Lets shake hands xoxox
Once again shut up hoe
And you Kanye should be the main one learning it. You think all these maga loving on you, eyes WIDE shut. You are just a means to the fancy of frump wasted presidency.
Get a grip!
Who is really in that slave mind????
KANYE IS WOKE. AND WE ARE WAKING UP TO!
He’s talking about mental slavery. Blacks swayed to vote Democrat for years. Why?! Democrats trade food for votes. Read up on former KKK then president LBJ (Democrat). Called the civil rights act the “n****r bill”. Hillary & Robert Byrd (KKK member & her mentor).
@kanyewest have you ever researched about Populism? It's really the real party for the people. The main idea is removing elites from power who abuse it. I think you would be very interested in it.
shut up
Lol. Gotta love the liberal mind. “Free speech” (if it fits my agenda). Let him speak. Don’t like it? Don’t follow. Bye now.
Okay now you're just stating the obvious dude, this is not a new concept.
Learned helplessness is one of the worst institutionally taught ideas...
... then no one was listening anymore. We needed you to do this. To bring the love, the communication, humor, respect and the truth back and start the conversation again. Thank you & Candace so much for being brave enough to do that. 
So you think this is going to bridge the gap?
Why not? It’s our choice.
Because I’m still not seeing either side own up to their faults.
What faults do you want me to own up to?
I’ve done nothing, but I will own up to whatever you want b cause I value your life, your opinion, your beliefs. I know my beliefs, I know what I have always believed; and I guarantee it is not what you think.
This dialog is appreciated #shakemyhand
Do you own #Litecoin , Kanye?
Answer the question MR West
hahaah, CMON KANYE
The silent majority all love you and will support you with love. #noguilttrips#morejobs
Oh oh trump supporters aka snowflakes trying to find a safe space.
Do yourself a favor and delete your Twitter account you’re only making a fool of yourself.
I know you are getting beat up, I just want to say I love you, thanks for being ahead of the curve, and doing it with love, #nofear

Kanye’s just opening fortune cookies at this point
Joe thats gonna be hard to take serious when your idea of content that matters is https://twitter.com/simpsons_vids/status/981974999572590593 … and top tweet of the day? "lower case F is an ugly letter" not picking well maybe lol you should share fortune cookies on that page they would go! Imma work on my love! lmao

what? wasn’t that deep
Sorry we are the #MusicFam we came for everybody who took a shot, you see the public YOU feels like they can pick apart our ARTISTS for FREE! go into to their head judge and screw with us about our opinions who we bang how we vote & that's cool but we DECIDED to return FIRE! #TNM

Depends on the day -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sx6YS9mj_4 … 

oh for god sake Kanye start adding CONTEXT to these sentences if you want to be taken seriously... might sound cool to americans but to people in Syria or Irak or Palestine or starving to death in Sudan it would be a spit in the face. be a citizen of the world not just Calabasas
Irak? 
the state of Mosul now... people's fear over there now shifted from isis to no future in ruins and poverty
What a stupid comment, when they have oil money to rebuild and brings jobs
well no rose, what's stupid is your need to point at land ressources and government so that you don't have to feel a thing for the population :)
@Jklingeman2 behaviorism?

You are so right Mr west, how can one unlearn? 
Fear? Fear is being locked in a cage waiting to be raped tortured or sacrificed! How can we save the children? Do you and your friends hurt them? Love conquers all? Tell that to innocent children/babies that want love and safety!  #SpiritCooking #Illuminati 
#MarinaAbramovic
Yes, slavery was a choice....A choice between life and death but YOUR MOTHER'S SURGERIES WAS ALSO A CHOICE...YOU NOT TELLING HER TO GET IT WAS A CHOICE....SO ARE YOU TO BLAME FOR HER DEATH???
Kanye, don't allow these dumb BULLIES,
White, Black, Brown, Yellow, Purple
Make you feel bad
Most of trumps rhetoric is fear based. Just saying
This is what democrats do to fellow black people... smfh WAKE UP!!!
Says the headless human chicken running in circles screaming "Impeach, Impeach!"
This is true b/c a baby that doesn’t know much yet, and falls or gets hurt... a lot of times they won’t cry if you don’t act like its a big deal 
And we teach our children to be afraid and stay away from strangers. Otherwise they would innocently assume everyone is a friend.
We are with you.
#PREACH  BUT THEY WILL NEVER OVERSTAND just divide and conquer WE WILL FALL
#slaverywasachoice and what he meant by this was that how can the black population have outnumbered the masters but, we did nothing to overpower them. #Kanye isn’t crazy y’all just acting out of fear And stupidity to respond back to him and trying to be funny for the media.
And you have learned how to grab the attention of an audience by any means. If you wanted to have an intellectual conversation about free thought why TMZ? Kanye this is dangerous and irresponsible.
Yo Kanye, you shouldn't have said it like that("slavery is a choice"). You have to understand that this is a very sensitive topic, which has impacted the lives of many including your own. 
I though understood that what you were referring to was mental slavery

Once you’ve learned what is fearsome, it is our obligation/duty to teach, spread what we have learned to others. @The_Trump_Train
#KanYeKanYesation Kanye conversation
before you tap into the #KanYeKanYesation do you know constitutional law, universal law, or even financial law?
watch entire video of @mlntdmommy on #facebook. https://www.facebook.com/justmahogany/posts/609046928876 …
Most ignorance is self sustained too!!! Try educating yourself through reading a book, Google or any viable means as to what our ancestors endured before uttering anymore foolishness about slavery being a “choice.” #ifslaverywasachoice
Trump doesn't represent the real republican party, anymore @kanyewest represents black people.
The only fears we're born with is the fear of falling and the fear of being alone. All other fears ARE learned. Thank you, Kanye.
Indeed.
#GreatAwakening
#QAnon
Schuster, bleib bei deinen Yeezys
Ahlie! Fucking heeediot bwoy
then your dumbass should understand why it was little revolt..Generations of fear and terror planted, would scare the shit out of people.That already wasn’t taught shit.Shitting on your own to please massa.Will come with a great penalty.
dude kanye idgaf about what people say and idgaf that you support trump

youve been spreading so much truth and positivity lately and its great to see that

our planet is going through a major paradigm shift and its great to see someone with your status spreading the vibes
its all energy!!!

all vibes!!!!
@kanyewest #LeavingTweetsOnTheTableBro  
@cambridgedrive @garyvee  @Raf_Three #GaryVee #GaryVeePolice #LetsGo #CreateNetworkHustle
#LeavingTweetsOnTheTableBro  
@cambridgedrive @garyvee  @Raf_Three @SnugglezzG
Dear Kanye,
Great spirits have always encountered mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.--Albert Einstein
Great quote
love u brother, don't stop
You need to lay off the drugs brotha...too much... either that or someone’s drugging you #nothingsfree
You have been saying things that I have felt for a long time.  I’m happy to see someone such as yourself speak the truth that is necessary to be heard...Especially by black folks.  Just know your not alone brotha.  I stand with you.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We are WOKE!
Fear is a choice, Ye.
And regularly a lot easier, isolating, and seductive than love.
Fear is a primitive autonomous response to alert of us danger for our survival, and most biochemical fear responses come from the unknown, and are not learned at all. You are not woke.
She’s right
Shut up Kanye
You sound dumber with each tweet and appearance you make on TV. You are obviously inder the delusion of inclusion.  And the day they turn their back on you. There will be no home to come back to.

I'M NOT BLACK! I'M KANYE!!!! Ok....
He is enlightened and a free thinker not chained by liberal group think, let them hate as long as they fear, keep them on food stamps give them enough drugs to kill each other.

That’s actually biologically untrue. See: sympathetic nervous system.
Especially Religion
The more Kanye tweets the more my mind opens. Thank you Kanye 
The only thing to fear is learned itself
#OperationMayflower 
#WWGOWGA 
#QanonPosts 
#MAGA 
@realDonaldTrump 
@kanyewest
I had to learn that everything I was afraid of they wanted me to be afraid of
@realDonaldTrump
And we’ve all learned to fear your tweets!
#FuckKanye #BoycottKanye #ShitisShit
Thank you for your courage and commitment to real freedom, empowerment and enlightenment!
Most people are slaves to some type of fear. Fear is a subconscious stigma that threaten's individuals. Brave seems to be only for fictional characters rather than a persons natural character. I dont know...
Slavery was a choice? So was buying your merchandise #BoyCottKanye
All 
     False
       Evidence 
         Appearing
            Real 
                    Is Learned.
FEAR - False Evidence Appearing Real... Unconditional Love Is The Only Thing That Will Save This Planet from the destruction of the elite.


FYI, before having an opinion about slavery or ANYTHING pertaining to YOUR history, please take a FULL tour of https://twitter.com/nmaahc?lang=en  #SlaveryWasNOTaChoice Love you brother!!!
Truth has no expiration, it's called history ..I recommend you visit The Peace and Justice Memorial in Montgomery, Alabama

You got the world talking about our concerns - in the front line...  Be fearless - just be careful... you know what it is...
learnt*
Keep it up my friend. You are so right and they just can't understand because the left control Pop culture and too many people get their voting information from pop culture.
And most stupidities is learned  because instead of bashing people who were slaves you should be thanking them because if it wasn't for them you wouldn't be making videos about you being in Chains you would be in them
most ignorance is fear
You are only born with two fears. 
The fear of falling and the fear of loud noises.
Kanye you’re no Tupac that’s for sure
Love casts out all fear.
Kanye my man you need to step away from twitter.
But black history apparently isn’t.
Fat
As is stupidity
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure that you seek~Joseph C.

Listen to Be It As It May Feat Mon E.G. by Philly Mac #np on #SoundCloud
I was so inspired by your interview. You are working on another level... as you always have... you have a beautiful mind which only 1% of the population can understand. #thankyou for challenging me! #loveovereverything
It requires such a high intellect, only 1% of the population can comprehend its entirely complex meaning
Yes yes yes!! I’m secure in knowing there are others other there! Stay woke. Stay thankful... spread the word! The heavens gates only take your situation into consideration. Love over everything
#ShadowCall #FkKanye #new #awake #ny #fktrump #gothicrap #revolutionmusic #reverbnation #hiphop #newmusic #soundcloud #rap #art #change #bronx #newyork #darkpoetry #fire #bars #flow #support #share #follow #rt #youtube #twitter #music #kg Checkout #realrap
The universe works in equilibrium. Everything has an opposing force. Nothing operates in isolation. Up & down, back & forth, good & bad, freedom & slavery, bravery & fear. What is the opposite of minimization? Or responsibility? Or obligation?

#hypebeast #offwhite #hiphop #trump #supreme #nike #streetwear #sneakers #kimkardashian #kanyewest #kanye #vegan #yoga #selfawareness #worldstar #balleralert #fakenews #donaldtrump #drake #inspiration #lebron #MAGA #falseflag #beyonce #truth #jcole #yeezy #blacklivesmatter
They’re silencing you here on the radio in Detroit 
This is sad,I believe with time they gon understand what @kanyewest is trying to say and would regret all this act
HOW ABOUT TELLING TRUMP TO TRY LOVE??????????????????????????????????????????
This is rocket science stuff...wow...what a wow
What book are you reading wherein you’re learning all this stuff for the first time, even though it’s pretty well-known?
Which party pushes hatred and division, especially racism?  Evil demons need to feed off the energy of anger and fear to survive. If we all come together we can defeat the evil that seeks to divide us and keep us ALL enslaved.
Fear is the price paid for many instruments involving the media. Only Americans speak their mind and don't silence others, are you American? (Ty Kanye keep rockin).
I think your too far forward,too futuristic& anyone who wants to boycott U..well that’s similar to the choice your talking about,that all people have to make!The truth makes people scared because it makes them look at where they R &where they could have been with a diff choice!
You are creating opening  for a potential dialogue between All people. This can only have an excellent outcome!! Thanks Kanye!!  Fear is an acronym :  Fake  Events Appearibg Real.  !!
I rock with you homie. I may not agree always but I get it man.
ALL fear is - we are only born with TWO fears. Fear of loud sound and fear of falling. Every other fear is acquired, or learned.
The vortex! Universal laws! The vibrations yo!
We know how you feel about learning.
This is very true      We need to break this.   We need to break racesism also 
The plan (1979)

http://www.syti.net/GB/SilentWeaponsGB.html …
So many people are still mentally enslaved, yet they don't know it. This is the truth..do you know what information enslaves you? I'm going to ask my therapist lol. (Ty Kanye)
But sometimes it’s experienced...
Fear is like a chalkboard we learn from 
Love is from birth What a soul live with ore learn makes our path 
People.  Ye is the puppet master of controversy, and anyone truly offended by his tweets are dancing on his strings.  Dance away.
The highest ranking slaves were the domestic servants who worked in the owner’s house. The difference in status between field and domestic slaves caused a division between the slaves on most plantations.
 This is still true today. @RepMaxineWaters
#Kanye I think Trump's a 3rd-rate mobster, but otherwise you're on to something. Here's a song that might jibe with your thought process. Being a white man in America, I'm not really allowed to presume ...
Yes. It’s called natural response to the environment. It’s a protective factor. Have you ever read a book? It’s called fight or flight. It’s chemically Intrinsic in our bodies.

God has done so much for us, and the proper response for the gift of salvation is to show our love to God & put God first in our lives. As an added benefit, focusing on God will lay up treasures in heaven.
a lot of it from slavery!!

#SlaveryIsNotAChoice
The Alt-Left doesn't want to abandon the race and gender baiting victimhood mentality scam
Kanye West Responds to Backlash Over His Comments on Slavery  https://townhall.com/tipsheet/laurettabrown/2018/05/02/kanye-tmz-n2476717 …
Yup and the most fear in our society stems from it's policy and laws. You still my bro
Always more to the story and not everybody is as crazy as they seem on TV
Watched the entire tmz interview and it changed my initial perspective, initially I was pissed but my@vision is so much clearer. I get where you are coming from and I want that ride. Stay strong and keep pushing on
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
Karate Kid part 1 is the greatest example ever.
Please watch this! She is a teacher from New Orleans..#History. She can address some of your questions....... https://www.facebook.com/rubiagarcia211/videos/6696185386 …
Clearly documented history is not (by you).
@realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods 
#OperationMayflower 
#MAGA
STAND STRONG KANYE, WE LOVE AND SUPPORT YOU 
AND YOUR 
INDEPENDENT, FREE THINKING,  AGAINST LEFTIST PROGRESSIVE FORCES THAT SEEK TO ENSLAVE THRU VICTIM HOOD
It’s also TAUGHT!
Kanye if your smart you and your HEAD FRIENDS will understand THAT FEAR COMES FROM THE UNSEEN. It was used as GREAT TOOL IN THE SLAVE ERA. FATHERS WERE LYNCHED WHILE THEIR CHILDREN WATCHED IN FEAR IN  THEIR MOTHERS WOMB. Omg I'd give a day to show you what FREE THINKING IS.
#QAnon #KanyeWest #BreakingNews #FolllowTheWhiteRabbit #Patriots #WhereWeGoOneWeGoAll #GreatAwakening #Kanye #love #AliceMarieJohnson #KentuckyDerby #Iran
Most fear comes from ignorance actually.
Kanye...My Gemini Idol. 400 YEARS FAM? A Choice? Did Trayvon, Eric Garner, Hell even Colin Kapernick right now have choices? What kind? U’re n another World Millionaire. That Medicine got U Phucked Up...U need 2 apologize for da ignorance that came outta yo Mouth @VanLathan
That’s the opioids talking. #KanyeWest #soberlife
We choose courage over fear even when we were in chains because we didn't choose #slavery
MOST FEAR IS LEARNED TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Thanks for supporting my dad, brother Kanye! 
Honestly, none of us thought it would be this easy. 

#MAGA
KW UR so correct I grew up in a multidiverse neighborhood,&School.We sleptOver,Played in,Hungout, helped each other, ate at each others homes never thought abt http://color.As  a child i had a blast.Til highSchool &learnd how hateful adults lived so sad i miss my childhood
Indeed!
Praying for you my brother, since slavery the oppressor has used religion to hold us down, but our LORD AND SAVIOUR cannot be used  for any reason...
Racism is learned. Hate is learned. Ignorance is self taught.
I’m afraid you’re an idiot who knows less that my white butt about Black History.
You cannot fear and love at the same time, so choose love.
@realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods 
#OperationMayflower 
#QanonPosts
The minute #KanyeWest mentioned his source (universe). Brother you have/had us concerned about your mind being sound. #LOVE is a more power filled way. Got it now.
not snakes
I hope you won’t have to fear coming home after saying that stupid shit you said....smh.  That’s not the southeast side Kanye that CHE RHYMEFEST and I use to rap to over the phone to dope concept beats. I’m sure the activist in him is appalled at you. Smh
Mr. @kanyewest do not be discouraged. Some of us hear you... It takes one Shepard to lead a herd of sheep...
thank u, my psych final is tomorrow and u right
Preach! Educate! Inspire! Lead by Example! Way to go sir. We must all do whatever we can to stop the manipulation. Remove the poverty pimps!
Did you get that saying out of a Christmas cracker 
Now TRUMP HAS NEVER BEEN DENIED, BUT YOU HAVE KANYE. TRUMP WILL DIE A WHITE RACIST MAN, BUT YOU WONT KANYE, TRUMP IS THE DAMN PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. ( NOW THE FREE THINKING THOUGHT IS) THATS SOMETHING YOUR FREE THINKING DRAGON WANNA SELL A CD ASS WILL NEVER BE
Foi uma opção as mulheres serem estupradas; foi uma opção os filhos serem separados dos pais; foi uma opção a tortura, as chicotadas as ofensas, humilhação e morte. Volta 400 anos e viva essa opção, falar isso rico é fácil. Afinal, deve ser uma opção ser pobre, né?
So is hate, racism and prejudice.

Welfare = Modern Day Slavery

#BeTheChange
