Made u art
ICON- Kim K West. Art by me.
these are insane
Thank you!
Why you got Kim crying? Real talk.
Society’s view on her. We only know her from our phones and TVs, yet we judge negatively like she’s our neighbor. Used an emoji to reference iPhones/social media.
Beautiful. So few people will get this. You have wisdom. Amazing.
All love 
Dont ever apologize for free thinking Ye
however, apologize for NOT thinking.
The people  who did not get his message, were not thinking.
everyone had great reason to believe he wasnt thinking before he clarified what he meant by his slave comments.
I did not need the clarification to understand where he was coming from. I was listening, a lot of people did. But people looove to jump into conclusion without thinking, and the rest just follows.
And you know what? We have to open our eyes, because the media is always looking for things like that to happen so they can profit for stupidity, they love to instigate to see ppl argue and take advantage. It's a circus.
If you were smart ENOUGH you would have understood. But here you are, bragging about your high cognitive abilities. I recommend you go watch the interview three times then analyze Kanye's life before you come up with a reasonable criticism.



this is the worst thing i've ever seen

Lil droptop the youngest flexer just turned 14  
you better stop
#FlashbackFriday: Kanye West teaches the First Black President the "homie" handshake! #MAGA
That looks like Snoop Dogg to me, not Kanye.
Sorry, Kanye! Here's the CORRECT photo of us! I LOVE THE BLACKS! #BlacksForTrump #MAGA #FlashbackFriday
The left can't meme
I apologize. I did not realize the photo was meant to be a joke. Please forgive me for commenting on a photo that was meant to be a joke.
The left is so mediocre at near everything.
Be sure of it
That's not love you're feeling yo.
YES IT IS
Shut the hell up!
poor kim
ATTENTION KANYE WEST
BRING ICARLY TO BRAZIL KANYE YOU HAVE MONEY

And we feel it from you Ye'....
GOOD MORNING MR WEST!!!!
This is so cut3

Awwwww cutie
I'm sure slaves felt the love when they volunteered to be tortured.
What a strange reply.
Not as strange as Kanye's take on slavery. Try to keep up.
Do you even bother listening to his explanation?  Or just cling to your DNC slave master’s talking points?
That is a bit rude....I only said the reply was strange. I didn't get into semantics of the conversation....no need too; and I did keep up
Um I agree with you.  I was responding to Jeffrey..............
That's what I thought too
Love is stronger than hate  Spread the love everyone! Have a nice day to you all.
I love you!
I love you more 
Get a room you two. #love
Now you fill it?)

So many people are against u but don’t actually see the true vision your trying to bring out!
You’re
We all need to love more and hate less.
I am here 100 percent and all the AMERICAN PEOPLE!  Thanks for tweeting us! We love and support you!!! At present you are being tested by God:) Don't be afraid so is Donald J. Trump at the end both will #WIN! The American people as well! This is a challenge worth taking!

I see endless opportunities for @kanyewest
Honestly close to half of these quotes are fake
In your eyes:) Not mine:)
Who likes their own tweets
ME:) I love RED HEARTS and RED REPUBLICAN PILLS TOO!
Everyone works their tweeter feed how they like:) I don't usually follow the crowd:) like @kanyewest @realDonaldTrump FREE THINKERS!

Coke*
I love your free thought. Saw your whole interview.
Love you Kanye
You should.

We got you Ye. Plenty of love sent your way 
Let's unite as ONE people #USA


You're breaking free. This is unacceptable! We are very disappointed in your behavior lately Kanye.
Love you, Kanye!
I’m with you brother. People need to look deeper into what your saying. Too many surface interpreters.
Sending you and everybody some peace, love & unity today.

I’m still loving you my brother
Love > Fear
Stick to your own thinking no matter what anyone says. That makes you a leader and not a follower.

We the people, need to wake up.! We have all head enough of this media driven society, That drives racism and separation in this country! It’s not about whether you’re black or white it’s about whether you’re in the  wrong or the right.
IS WINNING rather than demonizing white men, it's worth asking Pelosi how her comment about "five white guys at the table" squares with Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream that people would "not be judged by the color of their skin BUT BY CHARACTER"
Love you Kanye. The world can’t understand. They’ll catch up in due season.
Definitely the squares of green clay
"The Truth Must Be Told. I Will Not Be Silent."

#FrederickDouglass started his own newspaper (The North Star) because mainstream media refused to tell the truth about slavery. 

Today they refuse to be honest about...
#MAGA #QANON






I laughed at @SHEPMJS when he first said Stormy Daniels would raise Trump's popularity with women...and generally overall.

But he said it would take time.

I can confirm,
Crow tastes great grilled and w/ BBQ sauce, and Diet Coke.

Love you Kanye!
i feel zero love on social media
I’ve disagreed with you about somethings in the past and we disagree about many things still but you have insprired me to be brave. Stand out. Say how I feel and not be afraid. #staystrong #kanye2024 #love
https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/992398514603704320?s=19 …

You will never stop getting it
I can still feel the love
From your Dragon brother?
I love you. 
Love you Yeezy, forever greatful for the love you bring the universe

As you should. We have your back Kanye.

That is because contrary to popular opinion, while the left was trying to convice the "free world" that black lives don't matter to us, we were mourning the loss of Derrion Albert, and the girls overseas that face #FGM a daily basis.Democrats, most of them, are duplicitous, liars
I still got love for you bro,
Simple misunderstanding it will blow over.
I could tell Larry David was the mind behind Seinfeld
Curb your Dragon Energy Kanye

You should bro. Our world is so divided at this time and I get it, as a influencer who is a culture within himself wishes to create peace and love with the president; Only to hope others would follow him.
I could agree that somethings are better off unsaid, but you can’t blame the man for using his voice to try and unite us. I could feel the NEGATIVE ENERGY everytime I step out my Harlem apt and 3 more years of this ain’t gon work. We need change now. Thank you ye
Oh and @tmz stop beating around the damn bush, show the people the full video
We hear you Ye
This is part of the problem...he actually believes in his heart that trump and others are out to do him harm...instead of conceding that, look into it...and start questioning the people telling you that...
What if there is evidence to back that up?
Is that a rhetorical question or do you have any?
Maybe not harm but definitely does not advocate for POC issues
I think you’re a perfect example of someone who should really break out of their mental circles and sources of info...
Unemployment has been decreasing for years now, to say it’s because of trump is being ignorant. Also hate crimes have increased since trump has taken office and hate groups have increased since trump according to the Southern Poverty Law center. You should research more
Yeah...black hate crimes and black hate groups lol...maybe you should do some research....also, none of that has to do with the position of potus...he doesn’t control individual thought...you know what does?...spreading false narratives like the media does
What if Kanye made a song about Kanye Called "I miss The Old Kanye? Man, that'd be so Kanye 
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye.
The love is deep bruh
We back you 100% kanye!
And we love you too!

Keep up the good fight...

PS I'm from Chicago, and it's a mess...
Shut up Kanye
No, thank you for sharing your genuine love and opening my eyes. I am much humble now.
% support you.

Yeah of course! We still love you, you're only human!
We actually did, we provided an extra platform for him to vent on...
You perpetuated the drama! Fuck your platform! Kanye didnt need you to provide him an extra platform! What he needed was support! Right, wrong or indifferent..people are entitled to their own opinions!

Listen to this hot new banger

Stream here:https://soundcloud.com/blac-xi/the-otherside-ft-xconvict ……

We love you!  Even if your politics differ on some issues from mine, I love you for individuality. I pray you will put it to song & hopefully choose some words that are rated for all audiences so all can hear!  You have our attention.  America is all about individuality! #Kanye
Dealing with so much attitude n side eyes bc i agree with @kanyewest concepts and perception
I love you. Not in a fan girl way but as a human being. Free to make your own choices, whether I agree with them or not. You are my brother.

#MAGA 
#AmericaFirst 
#FreeThinker 
#VictorMindset
Not our best song but thanks... @shwayze
God bless you man
...and we feel you man.

i cant feel my face
When I’m with you
Where???
HERE
That's money you feel.


Bro!  Fight the good fight!  Jesus walks through our deceitful world and sees you sticking up for what the world isn’t allowed to know.  You can lead them to water but they need to drink themselves.
they couldn't handle what you said but they'll still understand the motive.
.@kanyewest Don’t let them defeat you. YOU ARE NOT MENTALLY UNSTABLE. You are FREE....the establishment HATES when our minds are FREE!
Love won the day Yeezy
You should be feeling even more!
#KanyeFANS

#RadioStations are dropping #KanyeMusic 

Don't let the #DeepState influence control YOU

#BoycottRadioStations that do this... and buy & play #Kanye's music yourself all the more

#MAGA
#KAG2020
@kanyewest Keep speaking the truth!everybody knows you where referring to mental slavery as being a choice they are just trying to demonize you because they disagree with you.
I love you and your verse on Watch was incredible.
We love u bro
From 27.8M to 28.1 MILLION followers... I’m part of that NEW number.  I’ve never followed you before, never hated you, & never actively had interest in you. Your #LoveTrump communication at 1st was nice, & then you started communicating THOUGHT #FreeThinking and now I #LoveKanye


We do love you Ye but you need to understand how your WORDS effect others. I bet you did not know that Trump used your support to bash hispanics.

In a picture with back people vs being sued for not renting apartments to blacks and other minorities.
old news. fake news. its 2018
The words only hurt bc you’re coming from a place where you genuinely believe trump is your enemy and is actively out there trying to hurt you and people like you...I understand that...but you have to wake up and realize we’re not your enemy and you should question why u think so
Trump  is a horrible human being thats why I will NEVER  support him.
Really?...have you looked into his works?...seen the awards he’s been given by primarily the black community?...you hate him bc you’re taught to...who sent the check to fix flint’s water?
Trumps own words and actions makes me dislike him. Oh yeah Flints water is not fixed.
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the 'Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
He is speaking about love and positivity. Unting instead of dividing. Not all conservatives are bad. To much assuming and thought policing going on Twitter. Much love no hate.
Too much policing on Twitter? Those are literally his own lyrics so if his own lyrics contradict or “Police” his own tweets well that’s not my fault  maybe your talking to the wrong person. Have a good day 
I quoted ye's lyrics on my timeline just the other day. I know most of his song lyrics from first couple albums. Tbh I thought those were ur lyrics lol. I thought you had some lyrical talent XD There is still undoubtedly too little niceness on Twitter. #Peace

Indeed... Victory is ours.
Spread the word @kanyewest.

#MAGA #winning #Trump2020
Goodmorning bro much love

SINGLE SOON
You're convo at TMZ was epic.
You are massively loved.
I love you man

Dm if you gonna need quality loud
This kinda love
#OneLove
We feel the love @kanyewest! DeusVult!
Thank you for being a fearless ambassador for peace, love & freedom in these uncertain times.

Long Live Love & the Kings that came before us and good Lord who guides US
#OneNationUnderGod
At the end of the day, KANYE did something I was waiting years for someone famous to do, speak from his inner being on behalf of EVERYONE. The media has confused the rest and made most believe you have to be so WORRIED about offending someone you need to nit pick your comments

From Who?

Donald Trump wants to have a summit on race and intends to invite Colin Kaepernick. Should he attend??
Absolutley

You are loved and appreciated!! #MAGA #KAG
Except for when you totally disrespected @taylorswift13 other than that, yes you are loved
@taylorswift13 has let it go xo
Lol maybe so but I haven't

You’re loved 
Freedom isn’t free....we all have to keep working together to keep our country safe and free from the enemies within and without.   All Americans deserve a chance for a better life.  

Be well stay safe prayers much love
We're all sending LOVE to you!!!
we love u kanye!
Just know that others need to feel the love also. -ONE
Still love you 
You think for yourself and not with the crowed.
#muchlove
Kanye we hate u
Good because I still LOVE you YE"
FOR YOURSELF, you MEGLOMANIAC!!
Hang tough...you have more people who appreciate you than you have detractors...
I pray for your well being God bless 
Because love is more powerful than hate. Sending you positive vibes Ye.
Being loved is the best experience
I love you too Kanye, thank you for having the courage to be a POSITIVE example. Many of us are sick and tired of the negativity and hate. 
I MISSED U


Dont give up on the kids Ye, don't let others get you down, you teach us to not let others affect us dont give up even though its you against most the world, us the small following love you.
NEED Media ATTENTION! > My Fiancee has Breast Cancer was dismissed & blocked from 8 doctors by cancer surgeon for getting second opinion. Out of options!! She needs a surgeon NOW! Please Tweet Phoenix TV Stations! @FOX10Phoenix @ABC15Desk @12News
Exercising YOUR rights as an American...
God bless you, Mr. West
You've always gone against the grain. Closed minded people are the grain right now. I'm hoping people eventually see the light...all of the lights. I'm wearing Yeezys, listening to Good Friday and looking forward to hearing new music. Keep it going. #WeGotLove #MayThe4thBeWithYou
Sending love and tons of prayers 
#IStandWithKanye
Look at my rollie!
Be you Brother!#ItTakesGrit
......always Kanye! We have your back
oh my god 
Tranqui tausi
Most blacks don’t claim you now and we sure as hell don’t love you good job
@XavierTheRapper 
https://youtu.be/rHNntvLJE8k 
And lastest song “Caliente” rap song with a Latina kick to it 
https://soundcloud.com/xavier-lampkin/caliente …
At first I thought this was a song set to a drake video
Lmao
morning jesus
Lo único que vas a sentir es “THE LOs vergazos que te voy a acomodar si algún día te encuentro en la calle” saludos amigo!
JAJAJAJAJA seguro te lo encuentras primo.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/11/16/magazine/uncounted-civilian-casualties-iraq-airstrikes.html … Read this and get the word out Ye. Much appreciated
DM for hugs  ..also oat milk latte, blows everything else away 
I feel as though I'm part of an oat milk revolution!
Make kanye great again tee here!
Hang in there Brother #MAGA
Me too 
Thank you for your courage to speak for unity and love. God bless you sir.
Yeah bro i love you
That’s the zanax bro

I do too kanye
You display the courage of a true American, Mr. West
Just remember, my brother, many of us who checked you about on your statement on @TMZ, did it out of love. Peace!
Actually replace kim w donald
Good. 
Sounds like a new hit song!
Y’all ain’t shit 

What #Kanye sees himself in a dream.. 
I got you bro
I can feel the love on the new Travis track. Killed it
Like if Ben Simmons isn’t a rookie
bom dia luz da minha vida se hidrate bem hoje leva os nenê pra passear e tomar vitamina D trabalhe no albinho te amo
I’ve always loved you!  No matter your views/opinions.  You are my brother in Christ. God has your back. Keep fighting the good fight. #HatersGottaHate 

#MAGA



I love your free thinking.   Keep it up.

Just remember brother, on Trump's side of the fence, we don't all agree either. But on this side, you get to express your ideas and your independent thoughts. 
We ONLY have love and MAD respect for you. History is being written and your contribution to society will be annotated.
ako na  @Zendaya
thoughts on Steven Gerrard mate?
Hi hope all is well

no1 cares
that's nice
I hear you
Get over yourself.
Got your hand in your pocket Mr. West ?
You’ve started a beautiful and necessary conversation-thank you for that!
It aint coming from the #democrats
#feelingoflove
not from me
