
There must be a way I can post this in every Kanye tweet.
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
Quit tweeting this
Amber said Kanye likes booty play and boom he went crazier
She only said that, because of what he tweeted about her son Bash.

i was listening to it right now 
Is this playdough or fudge?
I think there’s some cheese in there too
didnt know u were a lush employee
Are these Yeezy energy bars?
Dragon Energy Bars
ANCIENT BLOCKCHAIN
Is that candy or clay??
I bet it‘s a therapy session...
Now this one is whack
scoopity-poop
I remember being excited for weeks about you performing at UMass & you chose to spend 75% the show incoherently lecturing trying to sound like you were smarter than us. We all quickly realized that you weren't even on an undergrad level of understanding politics & started booing
Sick, Kanye's gonna open an esty and sell handmade soap
Why are you ignoring our tweets? Are you afraid of being outshined because iCarly songs are better than you entire discography? BRING THEM TO BRAZIL!
LEAK THIS KANYE!! We saw you talking about it in your iMessages
clip from an unreleased music video for 'robocop' by kanye west 
directed by hype williams 
Is this C-4 ?


Kanye put me on the team I been painting pictures everyday for 3 years. Check my work and hit me up
I would assume these are test materials for some design project?
Is this #hash
Is this the scoobidity poop you were talking about?
curti as aesthetic ye ta muito daora
kanye are you good?
This man playin with Playdough
thats some sick candy, whats that caramel, maybe some fudge. look like clay out the ground. prolly taste pretty bad.
Why don’t you speak out about the great energy that FELLOW ARTIST Michelle Wolf brought to the White House Correspondents Dinner? #WHCADinner
TOFU?
what kind of Turkish delight is this.
Is that Fimo soft oven bake modeling clay
sorry busy watching the energy that Iran was about to unleash as Netanyahu releases it secret program live on international tv
I dont know what this is but take all the money I don't have

What
Kanye I have a 100% feasible solution for major change in Chicago. Did you know they JUST opened up the first trama center on the Southside 30+ years. $48 Million to keep it going. That is not sustainable. I have THEE solution. Please. #KanyeWest #SaveChicago
When Kanye posts its definitely ART
astroworld?
That shit clay?
#kanyeknowsbest
I miss the old Kanye
Yeezy soap?
hi there

Literally a mastermind
Lake Spuckly
Fl
is this soap?
looks like stones, fossils? or maybe there just bath bombs..
Is this fudge?
Love the energy of admiring the aesthetic of simple things
@Yack___ @_EwanG_ is this loss
Jesus walks.
Keep it brotha
Dope Art
is you drunk today, kanye
It’s fucking clay
Stop stealing from the homeless shelter
Godamn. WTF is this Kanye?????

Are these different types of Turkish delight?
is that clay bro
Did you watch that nipsey hustle performance?
the emojis dude
There’s a loss meme in here somewhere, I know it
@kendalleemurray
Arrête stp
Hash
Kanye, so great! Now help Mr. Trump win back a seat in Congress! Kenneth Wright MD (R) running in (YOUR?) District 33 against Ted Lieu-who voted TO USE Gov $$ to pay off sexual abuse in DC! Lieu has to go! We need your help! We need your help.  
Looks like the inside of my arl mans work coat pockets
Nigga.... why you got a collection of square rocks
So what must happen right now
ye boutta buy hula hoops n start making videos doin tricks
Keep working man
God is LOVE. I grew up Methodist and didn't have language for salvation. The first time I ever heard a testimony...the person ended by saying..."He loves me. He loves me. He loves me." Sharing testimonies is powerful!!! I have more ideas for you...
Is this loss?

BRING iCARLY TO CHIRAQ
That’s ma maws pollen!
https://youtu.be/HCWUjro4CFg  WATCH THIS MUSIC VIDEO
Who keeps scamming you ?



JUST GREAT ENERGY BRO TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 


Ye we made a remix to Lift Yourself and @UMG took it down. Hit me in the DMs we just tryinna spread love. @kanyewest 
#FREEAGENCY
 
Listen to Fashion :prod by kartel Kush by Rockford Roth #np on #SoundCloud
Okay how about this, when you have absorbed a bit of this link and you get to Isaac Newton you may recognize that's the foundation of everything we have so, why not the NEWTONIAN WORLD MACHINE get this Physicist.

https://www.reverbnation.com/worldpeaceinstitute …
Lift yourself now on iTunes !
What does this even mean
Where's the brazilian icarly tho
DRAGON ENERGY 
What the f*** does that mean Kobe Bryant?
palette
are those rocks?
Is that candy 
LIKE IF YE A LEGEND NO MATTER WHAT
Clay west
You tweet some weird shit
How much for a G?

Like if Kanye is on point without trying
Keep the tweets coming
is this loss
Dragon energy
#MaazKhalifa
Like/repost my newest song!  https://soundcloud.com/itsmaazkhalifa/iwanna …
Jesus Christ I give up 

@alanamacrae you with your lucky stone
@annmariegrace_
can someone explain what that is??
Either various hash or various clay. Either way I assume it's a metaphor for everyone being unique.
@MichaelPearson0 this is what we need for that Dragon Energy
TRUMP don't care about Black people....
remember that YEEZY....
I have new energy to inform my black brothers that it's time to think again about our political future. #MAGA2018
Take away a conservatives privilege he becomes a vile angry man hurling insults and playing victim.
Have you ever thought about making pottery Kanye ?
It's fucking playdoh!!!
You sure about that ?
It looks it. Whatever it is, it's shite!
Are those pictures of how many brain cells you have left
Dragon Energy
You’ve come a long way baby ... that’s what both our mothers would say!! I feel ya chi town !
Cool colour schemes
Stop acting like a rich white boy Pleeease. No offence to anyone but ,,,You Black. Sorry. Jesus Walks.  I see you preacher, but , hole Up, they don't love you like we love yooo
Crystals?
Ma che è? Fumo?
Is this cheese or something?
Hashish! 
Here is a man with  energy and you all want to make fun of him like he's crazy naahhh.
@Jennifer__buck wtf is Kanye talking about
yo le llamo plastilina, no se tu 
These are ancient bit coins.
Next on deck: Kanye’s coloring book session. Here’s your template, remember to try to stay in the lines homie
Hes taking a piss at this point tbh
Ye's new line of merch: pollen hash
Are you making a claymation video?
@emmaedavidson is this cheese?
Nice rocks
Someone explain to me what am looking at
Alll the sudden you into all this shit ???
Did you make that Marla yourself Kayne?! Or is it store bought... #lovemarla

I've been dying to know what exactly is 's blood? Is it like Tiger Balm?
Okay but that olive pastel giving me depth
This looks like the same pile of disassembled couches that sits in Division St, under the freeway in SF. Congrats.
Looks delicious
Great work!!!
Whats that
New yeezys colors?!?!?
Iya
I swear if he flattens them and takes another pic/ I'm thru
What are these shits

@KimKardashian please make him stop!!  he looks like a fool tweeting just like @realDonaldTrump

The greatest corny energy on the planet!!


@DidissFilali
did he just tweet out pictures of ro.....
Lol
Poop.
Great earthy color
Look like erasers to me!
This clays satifying to look at 
 TROGDOR STRIKES AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love that lil guy!! 
Is this loss
so kanye works for lush now?
Is this loss?
#Dragon
Geeez, now he's playing with Kim's make up.
@schmidtiglesias
Must be playdough therapy.
????
Looks like See's candy.
Do you want us to rate your poop?
Nice chunks of clay Kanye. Whatever makes you feel good.
excited for these new earth tone Fruit Gushers
They are different types of concentrated sediments from the earth. Get off your phones and experience the world.
@cpalmer34
Is this the color palette for your new clothing line "the many shades of shit" ?
Forget about a little money bro! 
No matter whether weather wrong or right, 
Never ever really wanna go, 
A part of me the music could excite. 

#AI #ArtificialIntellligence #Poetry
