
what is actually wrong with you? and u expect people to take you serious on politics? get real
You got 0 followers. You expect people to take you seriously about politics?
Ironic when you have 800 and follow 2k people lol
imagine actually following people on twitter 
Imagine thinking popularity determines if people should take your opinion seriously or not 
Imagine reading usernames and seeing that I never said that 
Just giving my two cents after reading the thread and making sure yours is still included 

What about this one
one will save chicago...the other helped destory it
lyor cohen destroyed chicago??
obama did....8 years and let all those children die......kanye will make up for it!
You frfr buggin bro
The sad part is that he’s serious 

'Where's Kanye?'
@POTUS SHOULD MAKE @kanyewest AMBASSADOR TO CHICAGO 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain FOR ALL AMERICANS
name 3 Kanye albums
i wanna answer this everytime i see it asked but i'll wait till @Lauren_Nann googles it
buy and stream reputation by taylor swift on iTunes!
Did you really do this
Nahhhh I don’t listen to snakes
All hail Snake Queen Swift! Glorious hierarchy  to our beloved danger noodles.
OMG I’m so glad your embracing it!!!!
I love snakes. They're another of god's creatures. I prefer them over deplorable garbage.
what is wrong with you
Can no one have a different opinion to you?
No because black people aren’t allowed to think for themselves. Didn’t you know that? They’re slaves to the Democratic Party.
Haha clearly the left just hate when anyone has a different opinion to theirs, that’s why they all try to shut them up by circling around with their pitchforks
The true left are rich white people controlling what black people are allowed to think
And the true right are corporations saying aaaaaahhhh minorities!!!!!!
That’s Dem talking point to keep everyone scared & under their thumb
Why don't you listen music rather than that tripe? 
Yeah, your people are fighting while you collect welfare in Sweden. Take a hike.
Disgusting racist. What are you doing since America is such anti terrorism. There are US soldiers in the Middle East. I don’t see you there tough guy behind the screen. Don’t throw stone in glasshouse. You are an arrogant racist who think you are above others. Keep watching Fox
Hey man I get it, you are upset that someone called you out on your desertion. Keep being a leech.
You can’t be an adult since the way you can’t even conduct a normal conversation without throwing in personal insults, but hey what can you expect from Donnys supporters? Just as childish as him. Trying to upset a stranger on the internet with uncalled for insults. Get a life
I'm just calling a spade what it is. And I'm surprised you don't like Trump, considering you both evaded serving the army. You have so much in common with Donnie lol.
A MEETING OF MEN WHO MAKE THINGS HAPPEN!
ugh
Two Americans who don’t see themselves as victims. Stop competing in the Oppression Olympics!
No one cares bruh

@KimKardashian  come see your man
She already did. She said leave him the hell alone. He can do what he wants.
He's posts are giving me a Headache haha
Well i just think its a little hypocritical of people to like all his philosophical posts about free thinking and escaping the mental prison. But when he shows he's a free thinker, everyone flips. He's actually losing followers because he doesn't hate @realDonaldTrump
Ikr.
But he's Kanye.
Losing a few hundred followers on social media won't hurt him.
But then again he's getting some of @realDonaldTrump  supporters attention.
That's still gonna boost his following lol
Yep. He's been retweeted more than I've ever seen. Kanye doin his thing.
That's what it's all about.

He's getting himself back in the limelight.
He just wants to be the treding topic.
It's just what celebrities do.
I disagree. If that was all he was doing, then he would have chosen a different way. He's losing followers this way. No celebrity wants to be in the limelight if it makes them lose their fans.
Please dont kick my a%#
I'm a Android user
How many of yah "woke" twitter users gonna stop using apple products?
stop tweeting
block him it ain't hard
Kayne West Has A Strange UX on His Phone
3a$$holes
oooh the resistance is here!!!
“I don’t know why he’s tweeting so much mr president, must be the new album”
The Storm meets Silicon Valley.
Your tweets are  today. Never stop please
Hell yeah. He is sparking real conversations. Unlike other artists that hide in their shells
Jobs > Cook
Obama > Trump
Delusional = You


I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams 
I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams 
I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams 
the three lil bots
taylor outsold kanye trash 
its ALL trash dear
Dirt Bag
Tim Cook talking to Trump about how smart Kanye is for tokenizing Yeezy.
Pomp! We talked about this! 
Cook: “I can talk to Kanye next week.” 
POTUS: “No, I told you you’re meeting with Kanye tomorrow.”
Cook: “Of course Mr. President”
Nice
Kanye is the apple of my eye and heart 
He is now!!! Go save America @kanyewest !!!! Popcorn!!!!!
DRAGON ENERGY ULTRA LIGHT BEAM YOU GET A FUR YOU GET A FUR YOU GET A CHECK WAAAAAAH
Tim to Trump - how are you not into jail for rape, fraud, corruption and sexual harassment?

Your politically different followers reacting to your woke tweets
The ones who flipped off the hype switch as soon as he said Trump’s name are the best. Fake, hypocritical followers. And they hate on it after they liked all of his tweets about free thinking and freedom of speech 
To add, I’m not saying that they don’t have a right to do so. That’d be counter intuitive in regard to the discussion. I’m just saying I disagree with it and find it hypocritical. We are allowed to have different views and share them whether or not they align. Respect and love...
to all brothers and all sisters of any race, religion, political, social, economic class. We don’t have the agree on it all. The discussion is definitely beneficial. No disrespect to anyone and if you were by what I said, that was not the intent. I just stand by my view!
Lixo
Speaking for myself, I wouldn't try to enable white supremacists, misogynists, anti-semites, homophobes, and xenophobes while making my entire administration a kleptocracy and colluding with America's enemy.

But you do you, Orangie...
“Me? MBDTF is his greatest but 808’s is close. I mean, actually, Yeezus may be most profound but Pablo may be most sonically sound...”
2 of your favorite people
Dragon...stalking his prey.( I added the Giraffe because I don’t have a #Dragon and I like #giraffes)
If @kanyewest was white, he'd be accepted as a real Republican by the @GOP
Wait until you hear what Kanye has to say, It's going to be epic
Why are you telling him though?
I know you wish it was Kanye sitting here
Tim: "I fucking love the #QAnon posts"
Apple pay taxes??
Business men. Doing business. That’s business.
there's already a caption on it stupid
Honey stop pls
I can’t take it anymore...
When president Trump offer Tim A Real Apple
U wild
Not a real fan then. Kanye has always spoken his mind.
Don’t tell me what I am, I’m a free thinker and you are manipulating my free thought
@kanyewest wants to meet me?!
"how can I meddle with Russia without getting caught"
"Who me? I never said that I didn't like Kanye Mr. President! I swear!"

Black Voters Urged To Vote For Trump, Says Leader Of New Black Panther Party In Texas

Quanell X 
Your going to label me?
You grabbed my pussy
Jobs
Billionaires who don’t give a F about us. Period
If we had sold our customer's data like Facebook
they talking about not paying taxes ever
“it wasn’t me!”
“My face is telling you yes but my body my body language is telling you noooooooo” in my rkelly voice
"log out (2018)"
Kanye, please keep it up. Tell these liberal lunatics calling you everything in the book to pound sand.
Bigger question is why did googles Eric Schmidt resign the same day as Trump's Dec. 21 executive order.
Guess what!  There can be four more years of Trump and still nothing in Chicago will change unless Chicago does it for themselves.  That includes you!  Change Chicago!  Cuz you have more vested in Chicago. Own it homie. You have the power. #fdjt
Just stop
Kanye West wants to meet with ME??
Making Apple Great Again
"You want me to allow @getongab to the app store because free speech and thought isn't a crime?"

"Yeah, ask my friend, Kanye."
"Hipsters on suicide watch"
Goat
You think I had something to do with an assassination attempt on you!
Conspiracy theory : Kanye actually announced like two years ago that he’s bankrupt and now Donald saw his chance to get more publicity from his fans
Caption: ITS OFFICIAL, KIM TAKES KANYE INTO A MENTAL HEALTH FACILITY WHERE HE IS PROPERLY TREATED FOR HIS BIPOLAR MANIA AND THE WORLD LEARNS A LITTLE MORE ABOUT MENTAL HEALTH.
Somebody Take Kanye's phone away for him
'Capitalism'
Wheres Steve jobs when you need him the most


Here u’re go
MAGA
“Do I like kanye? No I Love Kanye”
enough for today
So you’re saying Kanye isn’t the GOAT?
Yeezy iPhone X would be 

"Please... believe me! Everyone with an iPhone voted for you. Just allow my mind control team leader to join us."
Progress
“Apple CEO Tim Cook gets private meeting with Trump”
i love you but you need to shut the fuck up
That line only works on women (or men) with no self confidence. Clearly you know nothing about Kanye West.
shut up
I disagree with what you're saying; stop saying it. Allow me to echo chamber myself and never learn.
"So I have to start making iPhones in the USA again, or you're going to put a 30% tax on them? Oh, man, you ARE a tough negotiator!"
I didn't spy on you, zuckerberg did.
no
caption: 'you talking to me?'
Tim Cook’s dress rehearsal before his meeting with Kanye West.
IF IT WAS KANYE THEYD BE MAD
When we meeting with Kanye tho
"BUY BITCOIN"
Trump: "Kanye wants a meeting and I think you should schedule one."

Tim Cook: "Okay!"
Saint Pablo
Dimes from dust
@AppleSupport  @tim_cook ....  @realDonaldTrump @Potus  ..... @infowars @libertytarian @RealAlexJones @seanhannity #Q #QArmy #QAnon #MAGA
"Who me?"
Who wore it better????
capitalism at work
You can thank capitalism for the phone you’re tweeting off and the platform you’re tweeting on.
To be fair, phone companies like Apple and Samsung intentionally lower the lifespan of their devices so you're more likely to buy their newer models. They also treat their workers like trash, with the factories they work in requiring suicide nets to keep them alive and working.
Perhaps if we had some way of aliminating their monopolies whilst also supporting corporations that have good business practices.
The point is if they didn’t have a monopoly, or rinse every penny they can out of their business they would have less money to spend on research and developing ideas. Without capitalism technology would be nowhere near what we have today.
Absolutely, the free market can allow us to improve upon that. Competition always encourages innovation. The rivalry between Samsung and Apple is a good example of how both companies constantly improve their product to make more money, imagine that on a larger scale.
The competition between Samsung and Apple isn’t a competition between two companies.. it’s a competition between two countries!
trump kanye 2020
Trump is gonna create more jobs with Tim Cook.
Kanye they already captioned the photo man I’m not sure what else I can add to that
It was $250Billion & 20,000 jobs, now it's $500Billion & 1Million Jobs.
"What was it like to have Kanye suck your....?"
Trump! 
DRAGON ENERGY NO LIKE SOY
THE BIG LIE THEY TOLD DEMOCRATS

Caption this
#MAGA #Kanye2024
Caption all the tweets today. Kanye West has lost his damn mind.
Time to get a Samsung, because fuckkk Trump otc 
You a fool
Stan Red Velvet
You're cancelled
Kanye has some good ideas, just listen!
you want me to open up that iCloud huh... yea we need all the nudes 
UNITED we stand! DIVIDED we fall!
rich people talking about how to screw over poor people
business
“So, that’s what we need to make iPhones in America, Mr. President.”
#TRUMP IS GREAT FOR #BUSINESS

RECAP: KANYEWEST

 

…
the apple and the orange meet up in the supermarket on how they can make more juice
It already has a caption :/
Bro I got you
“Apple CEO Tim Cook gets private meeting with Trump”
No Donald I can’t fix your WiFi
This though  

#GreatAwakening #MAGA #FreeThinker 
@RealCandaceO @kanyewest @chancetherapper
KANYE IS WOKE
We have it all.
Central algorithm. Conservative auto censor. Removed. We are in control
Liberal pushed as "saviours" to ALL. In fact they seperate ALL.
#QAnon
“I PERSONALLY wasn’t saying she was a gold digger, I just felt like everyone she had relations with were on the Forbes list.”
my last 2 brain cells deciding whether we’re sleeping or staring at the ceiling for 4 hours
Waiting for Yeezy
“We have to get Kanye’s ideas out into the world.... he’s a genius voice of the generation and just wants to create awesome things!!!!”
i have the perfect caption:

the people you're about to finesse
"You want me to create HOW MANY JOBS next year????"
Tim: Kanye sent me.
Donald: Name 10 of his albums.
This is the white delegation choosing to either pick you or Stacey Dash first in the upcoming race draft
I’m just happy we only had to deal with Anthony Sabato Jr. 

ur a flop
@DiamondandSilk  "Mr President, You mean I can keep my company I built"? God Bless America! Now to keep our Free Speech!
The one on the left is repulsed!
Kanye's asshole new friend talks to Apple's CEO.


“If Kanye can, give me a chance! 
I can get California liberals to open their eyes”

"Sorry Tim, Im an Android guy"
funny!
Cook: Not me! I'm not a child trafficker! I swear! 

Trump: Get ready for a lifetime of prison food and penis.

“U want me to put the headphone jack back in iphones? How dare u”
Kanye is redpilling the masses. ITS GLORIOUS!

Why was it a crime for Nixon to wiretap democrats at watergate but IT IS OK for Obama to wiretap Republicans at Trump Tower? 
when you nut but she keeps sucking

Making AMERICA great again! #DRAINtheEVILswamp
"Kanye is your bitch, Donald, not me."
i dare you
I wonder if trump knows he’s gay
You want ME to hire AMERICANS? And pay them HOW MUCH?

You know our President is The Art of the Deal,that’s why we elected him #KeepAmericaGreat  #MAGA

If you’re going to rip out my heart, it’s located central in the chest...

LeBron James in Game 7s in his playoff career:

33,2 ppg
4,8 apg…
Can you screen shot my account and say - sneaker and fashion deals  I'll send hugs
#PowerMoves

"I watched a snail crawl along the edge of a straight razor. That's my dream".
#CNBCStockDraft question: If you had to pick your favorite stock for our show tomorrow, would it be $AAPL? $GOOGL? $TWTR? Let us know! Thanks from @PowerLunch @CNBC
Jobs
“I’ll never wear a MAGA hat”
Total world domination
Two cheeks of an ass.
Found on the http://8chan.net/qresearch/  board.  LOL 
“Who me ? Sure I’ll be your bottom!”
"President Trump, I'M not going to Gitmo, am I"?
“It’s not my fault your English is so bad that even Autocorrect can’t fix your terrible tweets.”
Donald: "I know you told on me about Russia"
Tim: "Who? Me?"
"Aging showbiz type sadly tries to become slightly relevant outside his narrow niche by going into shock politics"
caption this photo 
@lea_dba il cherche le buzz pour la promo de son album ce fou
Mdrrr jsais ap ce qui lui prend ces temps ci
Cst un malade et il continue j'ai juré il m'tue
Kooo tqt il va se calmer quand la tempete viendra

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
10 years ago? ok
And it relevant today. 
It would be relevant today if he said it today. If you don't like his tweets, nobody is making you look.
Do you understand what makes something relevant?

He tweeted it 8 years ago. Today Kanye has lost his damn mind.
LOL you think he lost his mind because he disagrees with you? No that still doesn't make it relevant today. Nothing he said is crazy. He is thinking for himself and looks a lot smart for it.

Cook isn’t a publicly vocal transphobic homophobic bigot & he doesn’t misogynistically describe things as having the quality of human genitalia https://twitter.com/artvolumeone/status/989330229863870464?s=21 … he’s a diplomat working very hard to close catastrophic social /cultural art/sci gaps btw tech culture nature.
“It just sounded like good pussy.”- Kanye West 
He is an #ImperfectActor he’s actually conscious of damage Apple has done he sees logically inevitable long term consequences & is trying to undo damage as well as advance total unknowns as far as our capacity for cooperative cyber/eco intel & creativity
One side flop house of total control & other side https://twitter.com/artvolumeone/status/878119291219918850 … scientists biologists physicists artists self awareness ecology cyber ecology
Having an artistic & scientific conscience & acting on consistently it is all anyone can do it is the little things that count not your violent grandiose bloated obsession with your own banal narcissistic disorders as I knew would erupt out of you from the start & here we are.
“There was a great Kanye West song “racism is still alive” - Jay Z on the ‘election’ (L000OLL) of Trump
Bravo you are such a patriot: https://twitter.com/ArtVolumeOne/status/989353230730780673 … a true American.
https://twitter.com/ArtVolumeOne/status/971595874383089664 … wild fire fuel

"@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl."
Tim Cook: You think I'm going to pledge loyalty to you? 

Trump: Yes, Kanye thinks I'm cool.

Tim: Kanye.
And that’s why I am with Samsung now
When you're trying to explain why you are going to move to Canada to Donald Trump
BUY ARTPOP ON ITUNES

"What? Me pushing for CALexit? What makes you think I'd do that?"
"Nice to see a president who does stuff for a change" -Tim Cook

Kanye’saccount got hacked by @realDonaldTrump

“You fucking up apple”, “meeee?”
Pay attention, political authoritarians: It's #Kanye or the highway.
CAPTION THIS PHOTO TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Glorious
trump: what if there was a yeezy iphone.      cook: lmaooo.                                                  trump: gtfo.
two kings having thoughtful debate
You want ME to build iPhones in America?
"Kanye's new friends because Obama dissed him"
Trump: We will not make a deal, until we come to an agreement.

Cook: Just giving this mic a hand job.

Trump: Move your production from China to America.

Kanye West: Hold my beer.
THANK YOU KANYE!!! I'M NOW FOLLOWING!.  ME BEING A THIRD COAST FAT PAT RAP LOVER I'LL MAKE AN EXCEPTION FOR YOU!  LOL. YOUR AWESOME KANYE AND KEEP THE LOVE FOR THE USAMAGA!!!!! BTW I GOTS ME SOME NEW YEEZYS!!! I LOVE THEM!!!!
@ghol_S
Tim - “I can also have Dragon Power if I believe that love, respect and free speech will help make America Greay Again?”
Wow Kanye ! A lot of your followers have Zero idea about how things work. Welcome to the real world, MAGA.
