Alternate video the media isn't showing follow me I follow back
The scariest thing for them is when poor blacks and poor whites start loving each other. Cue White Panther Party
http://youtube.com/watch?v=bGAbaWW2YOA …
WE ARE AWAKE AND WITH YOU !! 

Affairs [Produced By Culli] by Culli | Purchase Link : https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-brightside/1236242065 … Taken from the album The Brightside EP. #TheBrightsideEP 

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 … Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ArchaicSoundInVividMotion #ComingSoon 
See ask kendall if u dey fck up or not she gan go tell you she a real one abeg ur environment loves you shey jeje.

How is Kanye like MLK?
He's living his truth
Just to review:
MLK: the most visible spokesperson and leader in the civil rights movement from 1954 until his death in 1968
Kanye: living his truth
He is brave enough to openly support Donald Trump and in 2018 if someone very famous does that it's a shit storm. Like MLK defended black people and a lot of racists weren't happy with his doings. Of course MLK did more but the situation is the same.
Here is a link to the Wikipedia page for MLK. Please spend a few minutes educating yourself.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Luther_King_Jr ….

Kanye’s words and actions are for the advancement of Kanye. MLK spoke to advance his people.  To free his people and demand they be treated as equal.
you dont get it then. sorry
Then explain it to me. Defend Kanye. Show me how his words or actions help the black community at large.
I’m a 54yr old Australian mum of two girls, I’m certainly a nobody, I’m a ‘nothing special’ kind of person, I’m poor but I GET YOU !!!

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
He must not have watched your TMZ interview.
What's good tideporez
Dear white people the blacc community would like to trade Kanye West for Ellen 
You don’t have to put everything someone text you on social media.... I’m sure it’s meant to be private DAMN
People need to stop being afraid of each other's ideas... even if we don't agree with them... #KanyeWest is not crazy...
If big said it. Watch the interview and stop being like everyone else reading a head line and ranting
That's cute and all but can you kindly share his number 
We want iCarly in Brazil, help us Kanye #iCarlyToBrazil
#iCarlyToBrazil
Thank you for your love and your free thinking
Amazing how many people are demonizing @KanYeWest for almost 2 weeks now. If God is Love @BigSean than people need to find it. You two, are who I listened to the most for the last 15 years. Its good to see Chicago & Detroit still got love. You know what the Midwest is. #MAGA #KAG
omg after all these years I just got the "Ye"
And that's only because i remember the Mixtape covers in 2002 being spelled that way.
This is how you talk to someone who's lost it.
except now Charlemagne is on Nightline & other media  outlets using Kanye as come up & low key dragging him & his brand.
Welp guess he canceled too 
How come you're so blasphemous and beligerant?
Pls don't tweet @ me. Have a nice day all love just pls don't rope me into that.
Felt this
One Love
Love this!
I mean duh....he playing trump. Trump so sympathy deficient... He's hook line and sinker on @kanyewest plan. #EndGame but the quest to get on the soapbox...needs to be coupled with having "something to say"
This world isn’t big enough for you Kanye. Stay focused and try to ignore the distractions and detractors. You have a lot left to give.
HE IS STILL IN HIS BREAKDOWN! HE CAN'T EVEN COMPLETE A SENTENCE OR THOUGHT. SAD
@yupamberr
My fans are fans of themselves
@BigSean I felt so high off the vibe, energy and knowledge drooped during this here interview 
We support you Kanye West
the first  slave owner was a black immagrant. the largest slave owner in n.c. was a black immagrant. just the facts. whitey didn't own that many slaves. black immagrants did.
Man I gotta get Kanye’s phone number
Okay Big Sean, you wanna feed this? You can be cancelled too. I have no time for fake news that poisons the youth
Ask Sean about Abraham. Do it
RS we are the most valuable currency there is 
Kanye probably out here making fake contacts smh...
I watched that whole interview too & it was fire! Good job. Keep speaking what is on your heart with the intention of love. There’s good in preaching love.
Kanye, you are all good& will be blessed by God for your honesty & lack of fear!!!
Seem to remember that Malcolm X said something similar...but not for long!  You go, guy and be strong.
Who doesn't. Love Big Sean. Always love you too Kanye
You will now see ur real friend!  Sometime this is a blessing and thank for giving me some of that Dragon Energy.
Opposite of what you think. You have nothing to prove to the world you owe no one anything as we should owe no man NOTHING but love & that love not being carnal but spiritual of God that surpasses all knowledge. May He who created ALL things good bless you richly beloved
Encourage you to speak true about what you think and feel about you on a regular basis so that the things you believe that challenge you to try to overachieve can be dwarfed and dissolve so that you're not connected to any negative identity that would cause you to try to be the
May God bless you beloved to come into the knowledge of who you are in God and may your belief system be challenged so that you have integrity in what YOU say YOU believe & may you be rooted & grounded in it so that you are never shaken. May God put people in your life that will
@BigSean not you ptn @NOEIILA
Il pepon lui aussi la
And unfortunately you're in a world that is governed by the principle of judgment which means your behavior is always on trial and the true culprit "your belief system of self" gets a free pass & people won't touch your intent only what they hear and see you doing. I say unto you
What im saying bruh bruh is that you were and are important before you became a household name you are someone special not above or beneath your brethren & as with US ALL you are hurt and think negative things of yourself which is the virus that is permeating your thought process
And you're balancing loss and gain and gain usually dominates loss (big bank takes little bank)meaning that it's easier to stay distracted than to feel and endure or separate from what's now become an agent of help & return to the halls alleys & corridors of hurt you've run from
What did you do with those hurt feelings? Where's your thoughts about your dad not being present be that realistic or wished and you're the new hotness and you have a vibrant career life mountain of VALIDATION that swallowed all previous hurts and now you lose your mom
Real 1 #detroit
And now you've become an identity moniker source of a person that people are always watching judging validating and all the past hurt feelings seemingly dissipate but that's not true your hurts are tattooed beloved and just like loosing your mother may she Rest In Peace
Into something or someone that is being controlled by trend which switch up so there's no room for growth or integrity.  Before we the world met you we don't know what you think and felt about yourself and then here comes bright lights and mad money which is a great distraction
And if our parents don't know who they are in God they can only give us what they have so we in ignorance grow up without an identity and that's the first threat to being robbed of Truth. If we don't know who we are we will adapt adopt capitulate CONFORM & morph
When people look at us we have been conditioned to pay attention to right and wrong in regard to behavior but not groomed in correct thinking of self that's not birthed from arrogance or deficit but more from the identity that God gave us as He created us
I've never tweeted so not sure if you'll get this Kanye but I wanna say that I see you beloved. You are hurt like all of us and you're not being challenged to talk about what YOU think and feel about YOU that are not positive and not about your behavior
From Detroit to Chicago and vice versa #PositiveEnergy
All love!
Whats the point on expose them?
@BigSean yall got me considering forgiving my mom for all the dirt shes thrown on me...family is family
I am not black and neither do I agree to all what Kanye says but according to me  it' 
"Love"what bring's change 
Let's make world great again 
As an Indian even I would love to talk to modify ji
That was the most well made interview I've ever watched,
@CNN Lemon is tired talking about you Kanye! Ohhh he want’s talk about himself and his better life!?!!! Oh my! Sad
Uyakubhanxa mntase 
#Facts
Hohoho, look at the time on the screenshot. Had you all woken up to get stoned cause I would do it too
Kanye, Bless you for standing up against the establishment
Kanye: Big Sean likes me to check in, what if he were to get into a jam?
Admire your art.  Admire your heart
No one chose to be a slave ok. Now maybe you are a slave to your record label that's a different kind of slavery. Please clarify ok.
@nickygdela703 he texted him on April 20th lmao
 reminiscing on his comeup I bet 
Same big Sean, same that interview was really making sense.
I’ve always loved his bluntness cause I like to stir the pot a little myself lol
He has his own radio talk show called the breakfast club
@BigSean bout to drop new muse
@_niamhwoods again
What a joke you are you believe savory was OK
bro @YonkouProd come get ya mans.
He cancelled too
I knew Kanye was stupid! He needs to learn more about slavery!
God bless you.
.kf.
After going through cancer..you learn what is important real quick
I’m not texting you anymore since you keep posting these.
Ppl just gonna stop texting you afraid you’re gonna tweet it
Damn Big Sean canceled too 
Embrace Debate: @PardonMyTake what is better GOOD Energy or Dragon Energy?!
Sellout 
Did @kanyewest know what s private conversation?
Tweet from big Sean ain’t gone save you
I Think,No I’m Sorry,Because To Think Means I’m Not Sure.I Know That Some People Are Not Getting Your Message Of How Important It Is To Spread Love&To Be http://Informed.Us ,The People Have Been Lied To&Its Time We Get The Right Information So We Can Have A Better Future!
Dude idk!!!!!!!  Just retire the foolishness
#SETKANYEFREE
Wow men are such disappointment
So Big Sean is saying "He ain't f**king with you"?
I'm actually starting to root for this guy! Give em hell, Kanye!!
we dont care
Thx 4 buyin' my ("I paid that mdf 250.000$ just to get it from that mdf") #true ... yeeeeee u have to buy & Corporate with my friend drizzy c'mon get that 4 lines of sentences & make a Big Wave Go out & Come to my town where THE 1 bro lives in & please lets get a Videoclip wit me
Love is the answer  @BigSean
@chrisdelia this is also you isn't it?
Is this our convo ? @laurengrogan_ 
Follow @PyrocynicalTV
Fuck me he got @BigSean now...
Lmok@m
Too much love going on, conversation sounds gay 

amazing
"Blessings on Blessings on Blessings"
And that ladies and gentlemen was the end of @kanyewest career as we know it.
love you Ye. Stay free, keep speaking. I will too. Checking in.
This is what’s wrong ..  non of them niggas got the balls to call you out ... you know damn well big Sean is saying something different to everyone else
Amazing interview fam really help to understand your a free spirit and a real thinker that thinks outside the normal box of society and they miss interpret you as a human.

Love is where you find it. It is the energy of the universe.

I will second what big Sean said. I couldn’t have said it better. Charlemagne, great questions.
Maybe the next book after The 3 kings (love it btw) should be The prince, Ye.
How bout that @zogblog ?
The truest
what up wit it
thought this was Puff Daddy. Wouldve been insane
I love  you @kanyewest I just wish you kept it #Real.
Big Sean Texts in Rap lol
 text bars
Why is Kanye wanting so much closure from everyone tho? If he really feels confident in what he’s saying he shouldn’t have to brag to everyone to show proof he’s “right”
holy shit kanye west charges his phone... just like the rest of us omg im in tears
@havenhermosa
I didn't see dat interview.
Watch it and let me know
That's love and respect!

I’m always surprised how low his inbox is
Let's just Dad is tuned in... not missing a beat single beat....

The name Kanye means "First" or "Free" he also said it means "The only one". He has knowledge of self. The man used to make beats in the basement. Look at him now and look at all he has achieved imagine all he has learned. @kanyewest
do you burn patchouli in that sparse spaceship you call a home
Very powerful interview! I was definitely in my feelings about the TMZ showing, but this truly help me understand thank you. I love the way your mind works, even if it takes a min for it to sink in.

They aren’t the real ppl.
What’s @BigSean number tho? I need to ask he and @JheneAiko somethin  lol
Another to the #cancelled list!Lol
Who's next??
These rappers on Kanye’s balls bruv.... don’t worry fellas you can still eat without a West beat
Why is he posting screen shots of al his texts? 
Kanye, you’ve been a blessing to so many. You’ve turned on the light!!!
This makes my heart flutter, there is people out there that know 
@chuulllaaa
He doing this for money..souless
@kanyewest is it the Kardashians curse that got you
Really, Laura?Will you now publicly praise the Nazis and white supremecists that supported Trump?
The 5 C's of Life Transformation
Confidence - winning the other's by a shared thing
Confession - your own, to them, about something that changed for the better
Conviction - theirs, that they too can change from some dumbed down identity politics...FREE
Conversion!
∞Continuance∞
Love is the answer.... But there is alot of haters out here....What u say is solid for the people not the rich who has the means but for us down here that is surviving to make it day by day we understand where u are coming from...God is good everday... One Love Kanye
People forget the first slaves in the USA were Irish.  The first slave owner was a Blackman. Remember the first republican President of the Republican Party was Abraham Lincoln. The president who forces segregation was Wilson. Planned Parenthood created for eugenics by Democrats

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
Where we go one we go all
I'm starting to think Kane just changed the names on his contacts

Damn I’d kill for someone to text me like this 
Imagine just texting big sean
Is Big Sean trying to get free advertisement?
Amen!
@kanyewest has that iPhone X. And the Comedy Central app
Same mofos talking shit right now will be streaming your music soon 
@kanyewest, why don’t post Jay-Z’s aka Mr. Carter texts to you? Oh wait... I know why.
cause you still fucking dudes
Beautiful! God's working. I've been feeling this shift and God just used you to make it connect the bridges and make people realize that they are not alone.
Arrête ça Kanye , arrête
This is what happens when you have a bunch of yes-men around you.
Keep doing what you doin yee !! I agree with you 
You're still in the sunkin' place.  That pale woman got you hooked.  "GET OUT"

Good Energy!
Kayne these guys are just leeching you for exposure. because they know you gonna post their conversations. dont be used
Oooooo another collab please! Y’all are  together
Love another collab with you and @BigSean Ye
Your energy is bad
How about the 3 unanswered text messages
@POTUS: & what the fuck is THIS?!: http://youtu.be/vMKF8KApWko   #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #Followthewhiterabbit #POTUS #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TheStorm #QAnon #Resist #TheGreatAwakening #TheStormIsUponUs #DownTheRabbitHole #storm #DrainTheDeepState #OperationMockingbird #q
@POTUS How can this be Legal? http://youtu.be/PcAjYvjI9WQ  #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #Followthewhiterabbit #POTUS #DrainTheSwamp #Qanon #Merica #AllLivesMatter #MAGA #8chan #Midterms2018 #Wikileaks #marijuana #Cannabis #DrainTheSwamp  #WeThePeople #Drive #NationalBeerDay #BEER
So true 
Big Sean your ass needs to go in the garbage too
Ur trash for this. How u out private texts? Sean is questionable to me now
Kanye west said nothing about his allegiance to trump in the interview. @bigsean is only saying that because he believes in spreading love. Or cause that’s who signed him.
Give Bae Sean my number. Lol Tell Jhene that sharing is caring. Spread love right?
why do people keep texting you

Not you too bro, the man said "slavery was a choice" what else can you possibly wanna hear from the man after that? What?
Sending him love and good energy on 4/20 haha
DETROIT vs EVERYBODY
