BOY FUCK J COME. END HIM!
yeah i don't think saying esketit a bunch of times will end j cole's career
Or anyone's for that matter
If you guys don’t see this a joke than you’re playing yourself
J. Cole fans never get the joke and always act defensive if someone talks negative about Cole.
That’s every fan base but whatever lol
Everyone please excuse my dad’s recent behavior he’s just a little AHMAVADADNDJLDJBAAB OFF THAT GOOSE RIGHT NOW
Can someone find me this vid

I FW YOU

WHY IS THIS MY FIRST TIME SEEING THIS???
ENJOY

Was he referring to Kanye all this time or?
He was. False Prophets was in reference to Ye. Reason why your man coming for Cole.
didnt he bite offset type rapping on KOD tho >_>
Did he now?
Fam, ATM.  But i culd def see why you don't think that and its ok. lol---
Lmao. If you think Cole getting on that Offset style with KOD then that's some real deep delusional thought.
He used the new wave flow to get that audience to listen to his substance. He’s adding his medicine to these kids’ juice so they could drink it without questioning it @JColeNC

Best verse of 2018
We need an answer! Brazil is waiting for iCarly
BRING ICARLY TO BRAZIL
Stop wave riding pussy
FUCK J COLE
It seems you hate him?, he's better than Ye.
y'all support pro assault rapper now huh?
You changed my mind. I was a cole Stan bout 10 seconds ago. Cole ain’t shit anymore
to all y'all Cole stans, I want y'all to look at this disgusting thing right here
Knew I was right for hating this mofo smh
Y’all do know that’s fake right?  you believe everything you see on the internet eh?
Ye Issa meme
Lift Yourself official video: #scoopdiddypoop

That literally could be me I’m not even sure.
Probably you in your final form 
Nah any other changes would ruin a masterpiece
Bruh if you diss J Cole he’ll go 1985 on your ass and give you a ted talk on a song
And look like a pussy doing so.
I’m a big fan of Kanye, and own his music, shoes, clothes, etc. but if you think that Kanye can beat J Cole in a diss battle, then you’re either lying or tripping. Simple.
Bet
Fucking trash. You just made some lil SoundCloud rapper’s career tho
THIS IS FUCKING GREAT AJAHAHAHGAHSKJAHAHABSHAN
we live in a world where kanye is praising smokepurpp
As he should
Ok, what am I missing? Why can't I listen to these?
@TeamKanyeDaily @KanyePodcast
I had to open in safari and click on the words.
Is it because I have a Samsung and not an iPhone?
It's working on Androids. Try again. If it doesn't work you'll have to use a laptop
Why y’all got androids?? 
wHy yAll gOt aNdRoIdS
I feel like I'm failing as Kanyes apprentice I'm really trying with this love thing but how can I love someone who don't respect Ye
This wasn't directed at Cole though, I still love Cole I'm talking about that Emma girl and Taylor swift
What did Emma do?
She shaded Ye by calling a hero a hero but she did so right when Ye was calling her his hero and the guy she picked happened to be black
I just saw the tweet, thank you. I don’t view it as shade. More just passing the love. She recognized Ye. But the guy she picked is the Waffle House hero, James Shaw Jr. He stopped a shooter. Absolutely get Emma picking him.
You do not want that smoke from @JColeNC at all! He already aired you out on False Prophets lol
trash
I agree. Wasn't all that to me.
Man did a remix @Max90king IM DONE!!
LMFAOOOOO
Gotta be trolling
This can’t be taken serious 
I’m not having it 

Beats Hard tho 
I hate myself for always being so curious... i shoulda left this link alone

Imagine if the whole album was scat music
I would die of laughter. And I suppose that’s a gift too. So either way, thanks @kanyewest
Issa disss or shade at the least. Lol Cole really got these rappers out here mad, must be doing something right 


Never forget the lives that
were stolen from us at the
 World Trade Center 

…
fam this is a Kanye West tweet why you on some 9/11 shit

Ahhhhh, KKKanye admires Duhonye's new scent:

Eau de Parfum 
WHITE Shoulders
Nah turn this off 
OMFGGGG RIP JCOLE
Rip? you must be kidding me lmao



The most.... Let J.Cole be great  Keep him out of the Yeezy shenanigans. Luv ya tho... #kanyewest #NotDoinIt #CutIt
J Cole dissed kanye first
I'm a Kanye West & J.Cole fan....but is honesty really a diss? Did J.Cole say @kanyewest in any song lyrics or diss him in some interview I missed.....? Nope... Hit dogs hollar tho. Just saying... Kings sit high...& adjust the crown as they go.
Why do you like and retweet your own tweets

W
Brah still hurt about false prophets 
I don't understand
I think it's how you can like a track even when you are being dissed on it, but you like the art work not necessarily the message.
Oh, okay
@davontae_forman @KeondreNixon35 @LavontaeA @GuyMontgomery56 

He better not play with Cole......  he better not
He 10x better than Cole
FOH not anymore lmao


@JColeNC must’ve hit a soft spot with all the 8-week rappers. And @kanyewest .....all I gotta say is “false prophets”
Okay,
Kanye's getting waaaaaay too comfortable.
Wtf does that mean?

I just wanna talk Kanye
I thought this was puppyonline but then got really disappointed

Watch random people around Hollywood react to @kanyewest “Lift Yourself”. https://youtu.be/mXRbXpHZmZM  
A perfect example of 2 friends having different views.
EXACTLY.
Same situation for me. Almost all my friends are Hispanic and black including me. I’m more of a conservative/libertarian and they hold liberal views. We respect each other and have never gotten into a fight or argument over our political views. In the other hand females differ.

Joe Cole reading this Kanye tweet like...

Does J Cole even have lungs ? 
“poopity scoop woop woop scoopity doo”

I love everything that’s happening with Kanye rn lmao

LMFAOOO GOAT COSIGN
Diamond and Silk singing the hook?

Yeah anybody fucking wit Kanye after this is no longer allowed to consider me as a friend Trump was one thing now this man coning for Cole that's where I draw the line
Bruh it says not a diss to ya boy right in the tweet
It's a diss anyway you put it I don't think we continue our friendship anymore Cam lmao
 if  you gonna be that way.. fine
When you come to ur senses you're welcomed back into my life lmfao
Well then I guess see you never then 
Did you vote for Trump too Cam lol
Hellll noooo

#LilWayne Calls Out
#BlackLivesMatter
Terrorist Group  
If your going to use a black face to help your anti BLM narrative lil Wayne might not be the best place to start no offence Wayne
He knows nothing about Wayne outside of this one time he agreed with him lol.
Same with the left to be fair though
FUUUUCK J COLE BRUV THIS SONG IS WAYYYY BETTER THAN HIS ALBUM

@JColeNC  how he’s feeling listen to this garbage 

2 mins of my life I can never get back
Was it that bad?
It’s literally nothing. Further proving the fact that these guys are just morons with the right connections to get signed.
@AlanDelOcean
How do I listen to it Lol my phone won’t play it
You gotta find a way, my man. Use a different browser.
YOOOOO KANYE A FOOL FOR THIS
A man of the culture

Why does Cole care? It seems like whenever he has an album coming out, he talks about Kanye 
last time he talked about kanye was on false prophets and the shit he said on there has never been truer than it is right now
False Prophets came out right before Cole’s last album. He was pushing it on the part when he said Kanye’s music was “half assed”. He just used him for publicity.
It came out before 4yeo 2 years ago, had 1 verse on kanye and didnt even say his name. Doesnt even matter if he did use him for publicity everything he said was completely true
Yes 2 years ago he used it for publicity right before his album, then now he sends a subliminal tweet. Again very close to an album release. It doesn’t matter if it says his name. Everyone knew. Everything he said wasn’t true. It was his opinion.
When did cole send a subliminal tweet...
You sleep
OH MY FUCKING KANYE

I need this gif rn
My bro @smokepurpp with the Kanye shout out ESSKETIT!!!!
YOU have an opportunity to bring Americans together like never before by encouraging civil discourse and an honest discussion of what we do agree on versus the continual branding of everybody from the “other” party. Satan hates unity & dragon energy. Rock it!
Satan is a dragon .. lol
WE HAVE OURSELVES A NEW MEME
Literally. Just what I was thinking.

FBI has released sketch
of a male black who set
#America back 25 years…

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Dinesh D'Souza 

 Sign The Petition To…

1985 x False Prophets for both of you.. hating on @JColeNC #’s bruh????

@kanyewest YOU ARE TRYING TO GASLIGHT @JColeNC BECAUSE IN YOUR HEAD... #JCOLE WAS TALKING ABOUT U https://twitter.com/healthybuttrfly/status/990582574354493441 …
Uuuuuuh J Cole WAS talking about Kanye. Very clearly.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Scooby Doo pa pa @h0lynappy
Y la cosa suena Rrraaa!
Eskedittt
We’re at pho king we’re going to watch infinity war after this
In how long
I’m a little we’re finishing up eating rn
I gotta drive to nasty City real quick,I left my tools w my stepdad,what time the movie start
We can get you a ticket and you pay us
You big mad J Cole told the truth about you 2 years ago 
Funny how now j cole himself will never top his own old albums
Neither will Kanye if you want to go there then!
That’s what J cole said on “false prophets” like 2 years ago :/ that’s why I said that
Ye you don’t gotta pretend you love J Cole for these clowns
KAnye clearly isn’t mad but nice try
he wouldn't mention him if he wasn't pissed, this is hiphop.
Smokepurp ain’t level w J to mention his name foh
What tf ?


used to fw u kanye but really dude ... j cole in 2018
you still mad bout false prophets, aren’t ya
Hey Javy Gim, if you like J Cole, block me! 

@JasxSoul
Kanye talking all this about LOVE LOVE LOVE then does this...... J Cole was right about False Prophets.
Your not a real fan. Your embarrassed someone is being themself. That shows that you are an embarrassment for not showing the real you and hiding it.
YE COSIGN POGGERS
Pog

False Prophets
Kanye is off his rocker with this one
U can really tell purp is hurt by J.Cole
J Cole better than you

kanye u good at creating publicity

First L kanye ,fall from grace
"Ayo but this next verse!" Lol
J Cole started this lol
Delete Purp’s part
ABSOLUTE YAMBONE WHAT
tf is this, take purp out
No, it’s genius
yeah i don't see it... 
@JColeNC won. Even with Ye on Pump’s side
You’re trolling the god damn world right now bro holy shit
Please stop trolling me. I feel attacked Ye


this is a joke right ? ? ¿ ¿
J. Cole told us about "false prophets".

2018 lit
I love yall both but Cole the type to get real personal with his disses. I would tread lightly bro your setting yourself up so easily
Sounds shity

How do I keep falling for this?

So you’re telling me Kanye West found a way to dominate three days’ worth of news cycles right before he released new music
The funny thing is.. His music isn't dropping to June so he'll be trolling till then 
I don’t even give it 5 years for Love & Hip Hop to come calling.
I really felt that, thank you @smokepurpp
YOOOOOOO LMFAOOOOOOOO
It was a diss the moment you mentioned it wasn't.
But it wasn’t tho

BLESSYOTIMELINE
@finlay98clayton  listen......


yo dis shit low key fire tho. Purp did take the flow
Purp took whos flow? I thought j cole took purps
yikes. no lie scoopity whoop poop is way better. also: MOST INFLUENTIAL
fuck j. cole
You mad
the limbs never been so relaxed

Second time listening
Third time

COST OF BORDER WALL
$ 10 BILLION     

ANNUAL COST OF ILLEGAL…
Well they should send white people back to Europe and the caucasus mountains, it’s not like this is your country..
And... Silence
pls listen

this is a strange time in hip hop
Yeah I don’t know what the fuck I just listened to but idk if it’s just me like go back 5-10 years there was some really good music, MUSIC; Talent, not this shit man it’s all hyped up for nothing man fuck someone needs to bring back melodic hip hop with flow and meaning shiiiit.
it goes is cycles tho this stuff is gonna get played out
Are you guys debating as if this is intended to be "music"?
not this song specifically but this new standard for music
Omg lmao
I’m loving this low key. Everybody gotta chill
POOOP POOPITY SCOOP
berp a derp
Hoping to hear this one at the club tonight on the real
Wtf is this lmao
@JColeNC Kanye please go away. Jcole is not a loser who blows with the wind and tries to play people as fools.
“DISS!!!!”
This is real life garbage Ye
this sucks.
U gotta chill fr


GET OFF TWITTER DUDE!!!!! DO YOU KNOW WHERE YOUR KIDS ARE????
spaceghostpurrp

#ReTweet: and "#SHARE" if
you support LAW & ORDER! 
Sucker shit
oh shit 
HI REDDIT
Nice
@JColeNC raps for his people and his culture and to combat white supremacy. You rap for white validation.
damn he just SMOKED cole
@KimKardashian take this guys phone please
She wants him to commit suicide duhhh
http://purpponline.com     

I'm posting this but not as a diss to J Cole. I love J Cole. I also love where Purp took his flow TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
You be everywhere bruh lol
I'm tired of all your tweets already
Unfollow 
Mind ya business..Don't worry about who I follow
Lol, trust me, I'm not worried, I gave you a solution to your problem
Thanks
your a god
@xZeusify
I LOVE THAT LMAO
this is fucking amazing
Okay yeah this man off the shits bruhh like what are u smoking on
I’m posting this but not as a diss to kanye. I love kanye. But I also love FALSE MOTHERFUCKING PROPHETS
False prophet
Naaaaa yo lmao,Ye trolling now

Smh 
But like
Yooo the world different now ! Real different. Purp x ye wow
If this comment gets 150 likes I’ll bless 10 people who DM me with the A$AP/Kanye finalized track link.

Omg bye Kanye
Im so fuckin confused brah

I’ve never heard that. Could’ve went without hearing it too, but oh well. I’m a fan of you and @JColeNC. He’s better than making diss tracks though. He’s too smart to be doing that petty shit.
bruh.. this where i draw the line
never laughed so hard
