To much chaos. Order the chaos. Go by size!!
These plants probably cost $5g.
@PeterDu00430321
New account, actually pretty new to twitter in general,  can't believe I've never used this before. It's actually pretty awesome, you get the news before it hits the airwaves
I applaud your bravery and your determination to help wake black people up! My prayers for you and your family  #QAnon #Patriot
How much for these plants?
Before of after Harvey blows his load in them?
Plants  are nice to have around.
All of those plants are smarter than Donald trump
Crop the damn pic 
Does that pic have to do with HRC codename Evergreen? Jw
#Qanon #MAGA
Check the time stamp, it's in military time.  17:16 and there is another with a single plant in the corner with the time stamp 17:17
Between Five Ferns
how come a fashion and good taste guy screens a pic on Safari mobile ?? at least crop or download or something, damn!
Not for nothing but those pots are fire
What?  why n how
Okay, this crap has really gotten out of hand...
aight chill home n garden lookin azz
Love you
The @HarveyWeinstein corner.
Yes. yes. Those plants are lookin FINE. Those plants are looking FINE!!!
porra kanye kibando archillect a q ponto chegamo
I love the white bird plant
We get it, you have an iPhone X
#bleak
You know you don't have to screenshot these right?...you can download them.
Nice pots.
How the fuck these plants get 10.2k likes
#Genius 
Wth.?? Is this some great design..
???????
Já caindo paraquedas aqui, mas acho que essas fotos são do interior da franquia dele de roupas
Que massa
Apesar de ser rapper ele é bastante influente com moda tem sua linha de roupas e tênis e fatura muito. obs : eu acho feio os tênis.
Some are like 7ft. Trees basically. Getting too big for anywhere in the place =\
20 ft ceilings.
plant TYPE BEAT
Yassssss
Family tree
House plants are cool. I have extra if you want some more. Yours look lonely.
@imdemonetho
This is why I love him smh....
@girlwithnojob
Life in plain sight, I get it
The better you look, the more you see.
Why does @HarveyWeinstein suddenly come to mind?  @ScottAdamsSays
The man likes plants @bloomscape_ @justinmast
I see it

@ari_nune he read our messages lmao 
Dude I bet he did!!
My cats would F those beautiful plants up lol
Great. Plants. #FileThatUnderWhoGivesAShit
Let's work
@WeWuzMetokur are you dating atm?
Yes to these beauties! 
lol wtf
@DaytimeDave10
@PedroEspinet just the inspo we needed for this weekend
is this loss?
You're like my grandma who doesn't know how to save a picture but somewhat surprised she can take a screenshot
I’ll show you: after taking a screenshot crop the picture, you put your finger on the corner where is blue then drag your finger down where you desire! Ok now go take a nap!
@AsherErskine don’t get to excited over these
Nice bush
@galifianakisz are you involved is this in some way?
You should crop your pictures for security reasons big dog
@amabdinha a gnt ta precisando de uns plantão desses
so unseasoned
learn how to crop your pictures
Muchos exitos en tu desfile
Seeing if I can get 7000 likes for posting my pot plants too...
This one is Ughh!!
Leaf mixing is now a thing

@VooDooRouX

Kanye for Prez...2020 
Yup time to level up, game on
Kanye been tweeting damn bad! Why the account got hacked or?
Think it's just his mind that got hacked....
Speak to a plant, God is listening.
@MichaelWChaps
Damn this shiy is deep

@chief_zis bajtuje te govnar ccc
You have an iPhone X i know u can crop screenshots
Great houseplant kanye , wish I could afford one like that , keep up the good work
à quoi tu joue gro
You know you can download the picture right
Full stop@0PN This is something you'd tweet
okay, you’re really gone
Follow pyrocynical

Missed one...

┏┓   In this house,
┃┃╱╲ we are still hoping
┃╱╱╲╲ for Taylor to bring
╱╱╭╮╲╲"reputation tour"…

welllllll ain’t this a cow in a birds nest
@KyBright we beat kayne to concrete planters.

that's also.
Those are very nice plants Kanye you did a great job. But you’re still not ready for that puppy we talked about. Sorry buddy. You’re gettin there though. Don’t give up.
Love the plants
Keep at it my friend. I know you and yours have been pulled into some stuff way beyond comprehension. Keep with family first. #lovethyenemy
may ganto din kami sa bahay e
Kanye can you plz crop these photos #yourekillinmesmalls
kanyes gotta keep up the tweet velocity
A Reggie Bush?
What do you see?
Basic shit pretending to b different

Stay the course, Kanye.  We support you.
**everyone changes their phones to 24-hr time**
the aesthetic is very pleasing
@LazyLexus
Crackhead
Likin the planters  
I saw this on Pinterest
Is Sean Spicer stopping by?

(Disclaimer: Not a Trump hater, just my sense of humor... couldn't resist!)
Hell yeah, love them shits
Is that the marijuana that you smoke ?
Gotta say. I like these plants
Genius
How are you using Dropbox on your phone?! It wants me to download the app  @kanyewest @kanyewest


Somebody please take the phone away from North...
Why are your plants in time out?
Tá doidão?
Plants are our friends
That was savage 

 
#Summer2018

Cool plants
stroke my ... fern ??


Sounds like a lie. I just looked they are still up and running
The lies you tell


House jungles [essential]
Art

I’ll buy those for 400 k
Save thegoddamnimagerhenrepost itdamnit!
Why does your family live in such a cold sterile place? It looks so depressing.
I want a Yeezy all season plant too bruhv!! #Wassgooddoe
2 big pots and 3 little ones? Y’all expecting again?
we got same plants at home XD

#CleanAndGreen
You talking to plants like @poppy
Plants are cool 
between five ferns with kenya east.
Ferns
Kanye go smoke some weed baby boy
IKEA is shook
Are the plants representing his family n him Kanye Is Very Alive 
Define Evergreen. Q
kanye do you know how to save pictures
No he doesn't.
Wow you really are a genius!
Whatever your doing, it’s cool your happy and back. Stay happy man, silence the “noise”.
Ok
I need a meeting with you contact me ASAP !
@kjgino_ Ima just tag you in this and let you feel how you feel about this
Wtf is that?
Look at his other recent tweets
He’s on some weird shit


Donald would b up 4 a threesome! Mayb even with urine!!!
Donald Trump hates plants (unless they're fake) and he hates the environment!
Ur cool
I need those in my life. No plants in the house what so ever. 
Weed
Really nice

wow

What the fern is going on here
I love greenery!
A potted plant. Very funny.
potted plant

https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Potted%20Plant …
iS tHaT a WeEd?
iPhone X gay lol
We all have to grow as people and break out of our metaphorical "pots" so we can become better and wiser. Thanks Kanye!
ding! ding! ding!
Those are some petty dope pots
Gorgeous! Every part of God’s creation is beautiful!
nice plants
Tas re duro kanye q carajo subis negro

I met this girl at the club and she came over. She not only didn't have sex with me but ate my last single frosted flake. I was saving that for a special occasion bitch wtf?
Oh the things I would do if I had the money you had.

But you do this.....
Lonely cold and depressing but whatever
I would guess, these are family plants. One plant, per West.
@cherifelicity Home mood
PEACE
Free thinker.
North and South Korea will plant a pine tree today. 
 Love you Kanye. Lol. Goodnight
Why
VERY nice plants you have there fella
What's up kanye? Can you retweet http://fozro.com  for a fan?
thats investory. we get it
Makes you want to free think! MAGA
Loveeee
King of ferns
