Ain't this like the 12th time u said u were gonna make ur gear affordable 
To him that is. He is so disconnected from regular people he don't get it.
He supports Donald trump. Can anyone truly be surprised?

Did you listen?
Kanye was tryna get someone to hear his mixtape at one point, quit hating
Oh now they love Kanye let’s put him all in the front of the store
Underrated tweet
Hate to break it to you man, but if you didn't only drop 30k pairs of Yeezy's once every two months, you could drop 250k+ pairs with multiple colorways and achieve that status you are seeking.
Did you not see the rainbow colorways of yeezy tweet? He’s way ahead of you bro
LOL. Fucking rekt

Where on earth is 500$ a shoe affordable?
For ppl who work.
Not for people like James B who can use daddy's trust fund to buy them.
Trust fund? I wish I made that much money!
I hope that person from the Gap got at least a three year contract from you. I'd be concerned about job stability!
You’re now concerned about your own ?
me waiting for affordable prices #brokephibroke
Please don’t ever say fake news again
I thought about Trump when he said that and that his tweet is currently garbage lol 
“Affordable price”
“Affordable”
you have autism bro
Lots of Autistic folks are genius’ tho .. don’t sleep ..

sampled the fortnite bus sound into this beat

retweet 
spam this shit somewhere else.
Lol why? You have nothing by Kanye on your twitter page, soak it in dude.
nigga what?

“Affordable”
"there's been a lot of fake news"

KANYE IS OURS NOW 
Hes pro trump so that would make sense.  #Trump2020
Fake news? Wow trump has got to him guys
All your Kanyes are belong to us
Nobody wants to wear apocalypse rags and $2,000 sneakers you live on Mars thinking regular people would want to pay for that. The regular people who pay your bills.
hey man. please shut the fuck up
you was working better when you wasnt announcing all your moves
Big fan kanye but we gotta work on this affordable price thing
LOL — Gap has been struggling for years!
200 bucks for a pair of kicks and 450 bucks for a hoodie are really affordable for kids in Calabasas, you so right 
Kanye went from working at Gap to Gap working for him
Y’ALL NIGGAS NEED A COMMERCIAL SHOT?
im cryingasdk
THIS LOS ANGELES COTTAGE NOT GONNA BUY ITSELF
The Yeezy Chief Supply Chain Officer is Deborah Kaiser.
Thank GOD you said affordable. Now I wont have to go a week without food to get your next Yeezys
Kanye off his lexapro?
My buddy @ElliotB33 got his degree in Supply chain at the University of Northern Iowa. Let him know if he can help you out
So where do I put in this app thoooo
OK how is $400 for canvas sneakers affordable???
the Gap is a terribly run company
Boi don’t you have a Gap card 
yes and i own 0 clothing items from gap which says a lot considering all the points they feed me
fuck you call affordable
Wait did you say "affordable" come on. Do you realize you steal from the poor? most people that buy your shoes don't come from affluent backgrounds.
The Gap? Gap hasnt been cool since 1993 kanye
Yeezy to become affordable?  Really ? I won't hold my breath sir 
affordable where?
I called the head of Payless
I fucking love you.
Let us know how we can help. Delivery partnership?
Yeezy sweaters like 450 lol
Only if you stop making ugly ass shoe and stuff
Kanye 2024
Will it be the biggest apparel company in human history while being mindful of the environment, being progressive in resolving social and economic issues, and overall being a blessing for humanity? #thingsthatmatter #brandsthatcare
Y'all remember when Mariah Carey randomly went on TRL giving out ice cream and we didn't realize she was actually having a manic episode at the time? This is that.
THATS WHAT IM TRYNA DO WITH #IMAN LETS COLLAB ON THINGS YE!


You talkin supply chain?
Affordable ready to wear hasn't been in your wheel house yet. What you consider "affordable" and what that actual means for a larger cross market is vastly different.
hey if you need someone to help make sure your company stays ethical I can start in August
The Very Fake News won't leave my brown friend alone! Unfair!
The Gap is notoriously know for its use of sweatshop workers in terrible conditions, especially on the American territory Saipan. By hiring the head of supply chain for Gap, I am left to believe that Yeezy too will be dabbling in the use of sweatshop workers
I read this in Donald Trumps voice
make sure its sustainable 
It's the end of the YEEZY empire. YEEZY's goal is to be rare. To be worn by people who have been waiting for hours. The fact of launching it to the general public will stop the hype. I think it's the end of Yeezy Vibe
Yeezus forever
how is this affordable
Affordable to who?

Hey Kanye, I am an Operations Supervisor for Gap Inc. Global Supply Chain. I recently graduated with my MBA. Give me a chance to help you & your team build an empire 
Hey I’m looking for a supply chain job
Bro I can’t afford 450$ slides when there’s cowboy boots to be bought so until the yeezy version of cowboy boots is out imma pass.
Hire me for marketing
Affordable? I gotta pay rent to cop a pair 
aFfOrDAbLE
Yeezy, nor any company for that matter, will be jack shit without primary focus on sustainability. Tell you genius friends that. Cheap materials come with externalities Kanye!
None of your shit costs less than 100 dollars how tf is it affordable
Hey Kanye, just to let you know I just got my associates degree in supply chain and logistics management. I’ll let you have first dibs at me.
Like affordable for you or for the majority of the population?
Really that’s why your clothes and shoes are 350+ including tax. At least others can afford Jordan’s, gtfo.
alt rights are gonna see kanye use “fake news” in his tweet and start freaking out again

Hire me daddy
Ah yes, much like this VERY reasonably priced top that is UNLIKE anything I’ve ever seen
Don’t bring the Gap into this! That’s where I shop & I can guarantee they wouldn’t approve of this!
The Gap?! Really?!
Yo, supply chain? Gotta talk to my fella here who does a lot of supply chain management at work. Don't really know the fuck does that mean. @larik_shahnawaz @AliMWarraich
Hahahahah ‘reports’
Ye bouta put streetwear in the mainstream and make the underground the exact opposite of what everyone thinks it is
it already is that beaubro
“Underground”
underground has been mainstream since OF got mainstream
Not gap level though... grandmas r gonna be buying kids a yeezy hoodie when the kid didn’t even ask for it
i wish my grandma would buy me a yeezy hoodie
everything that is cool in the underground will eventually become mainstream it’s just how it works
More fax b
Affordable prices..
Kanye don’t have any close friends or family to slap the shit out of him or make fun of him for speaking this nonsense
He's running for president mane....

Tbf, Gap is reasonably priced...
True. Also, it's affordable to him and his friends
Ehhh, still too much. $30 and I'm there
Yo Kanye, my boy’s gonna be ready to snag that job here in a few years. Lmk if you’re interested
Cause GAP is the standard for affordability? Whaaaa?
@wvtchppldie só por ser um liberal safado já merece um gulag, sem contar que ele fez um tuíte apoiando uma Youtuber conservadora lá nos EUA
ah ta, nada de novo no horizonte do inferno imperialista americano

achei que tinha alguma polemica nova
U sound like trump now
u should really hire @tommycovelli you won’t regret it
"Here comes our POTUS and our First Lady"
"That is a stunning evening gown!"

It should be, its a 
KANYE
Do you want 2 collaborate & create an Augmented Reality experience. It’s the future. HMU 
KANYE, Would love to be apart of it. Hit me up for serious interest. Supply Chain Mind.
Hire me, I majored in supply chain in college
Make sure u actually pay them!!!! 
Should be a Yeezy x @Target collab 
LOVE YOUR YEEZYS BUT NONE OF YOUR PRODUCTS ARE AFFORDABLE FAM...AT ALL
Further proof that anyone who says “fake news” is a complete clown.
Any jobs floating
This is probably not something that should make me laugh but it did
Hold up pause... I think it’s plenty of normal people that would love to work with you and that are talented how would we be able to join the Yeezy brand... instead of just reaching a super high level and then working with you
@assviolator420 @Nick_Niddles @savagejokespage affordable he said
...affordable?
People that say this is egotistical don’t understand energy. Believe something hard enough and it will happen. What you emit, you receive.
Need me some 350s at a decent price thoo $125 or something. #yeezy
https://www.etsy.com/listing/591247696/fake-news-tee-shirt …
Not at those prices tho
does the @Gap still have children working in sweatshops ???
haha got em

I know I felt slightly betrayed
He's coming for you @lydorito 
gap is so iconic
Hopefullt he hires you next 
@Isabela_45 hope you’re as excited as I am

Just hire me now
Affordable?
Yeah bitch $300 for some sneakers affordable duh

I literally just had to go through steps to unlock my account because I used a gif...lmfao. Wut
Oh my god
How you got one rack a clothes
Gap ain’t even in my affordable budget range @sophie_palmer_
Make that shit affordable man. I ain’t trying to pay the price of a textbook for shoes
Oh, more crap made in China?
You are acting weird settle down pop some more pills
Hire me
until ripped jeans get to $20 and my nephew with a pocket knife and $120 Egyptian cotton ass white tees become snot and spooge rags
affordable price lmao right
@APompliano ok now we're talking #blockchain for supply chain distribution monitoring and data gathering..$shoe $yeezy just got real.
Would be nice to have yeezy products available in Australia been hanging to get my hands on some that won’t cost me an arm and a leg #mamabroke
Hello Kanye. I am an aspiring Supply Chain Major at Rutgers University and would love to work on any projects with you to be able to expand my horizons as a business man.
So how is charging $150 for slippers, $260 for joggers, $400 for denim pants and $900 for a denim jacket affordable yeezg clothing??
but is it #SustainableReality ready?  I won't give you my money otherwise.
Bruh your shoes cost $500 sit down
@drewayers24  #BabyGap
lol the GAP


this ends so anticlimactically
@lillllianna Gap comin in clutch 
U sound like trump stop it
Payback for the events detailed on "spaceship"
Supply chain strategy is key to affordable price.
Objective:
Vertical integration
Create small no. of preferred suppliers
Real-time analysis
Criteria:
High quality
Timely delivery
Sustainable & ethical
Able to pass the savings from supply chain onto customer in affordable price.
No one cares about them sweat shop kid-made shoes or your company. You're just trying to make it into the history books like Trump and his million dollar loan.
The greats can connect with other greats doesn't mean they'll make or always make "great" sh*t. That's up to the people. 

Then theres hype beast land... where everything is great when hyped up enough... #BlindBelievers 

don't still my hashtag lmao
Can they get me affordable dragon energy?
Hey Kanye, where do  @AmandaEscarciga and I apply? We wanna help take Yeezy to the TOP. We’re just reaching for the stars so if we fall we can land on a cloud. #bestbossaward
“Affordable price”
Good maybe I could actually get a pair eventually

Affordable?
Kanye suffers from trumpitis..he should take a pill and check himself..
I think if you displayed more branding on the pieces they would be more appealing to us Mr. West, hope that doesnt go over ya head
Can I get mine then? I ordered a whole outfit from season 6 last year and it still hasn’t come. It was supposed to be here in March. I spent over 2k
what is ur definition of affordable kanye
Lol @ affordable
If you’re in search of a marketing maverick with a track record of triumphing over adversity and works tirelessly to champion her own dreams despite the odds... hit me up! kiara@heykipr.com
Things On Bears mate

Lol how many times are u gonna pull this stunt? Always talking never ever fully backed up with action
Yeezy x Supreme?
@Andreyha_
I’m not seeing a thing .... all talk
are your clothes gonna be made in sweatshops like The Gap?
LOL “affordable”
Bruh I can go to a fuckin thrift store and get all that
No way GAP? You’ve got it made
more marketing.
Get fucked
Affordable... LOL 
aFf0rDaBlE PrIcE
“Affordable” may be the funniest thing Kanye has ever said about his own brand 
Wouldn’t wear your clobber to walk the dog. #sleazyyeezy
GAP SUCKS

Can't wait for it to be affordable @tomlaneey95x
“Affordable prices” ????
Seamus Dolan
How can I become an employee?
@lordlinares_
I’m really vybing with this, so whilst we are on the topic can you please tell third party companies to stop marking up your goods to ridiculous prices! I get the game but c’monnnn some of us actually care about the design/style and not just the “hype”!
Hire me.
In the running for the top spot in #FakeNews 2018
 “In My Sleep”
http://ow.ly/KS1b30jFN8b  #Soundcloud 
show some love I’ll #followback
any new followers
@baxdurbin why'd ya leave the gap damnit
That’s not really a fact so much as a goal.
affordable what?
Affordable price? Just like the $200 plain white t-shirt?

Will it all be #MadeInUSA ?
Make a line for the not that rich or not even close to being rich shit that’s actually affordable homie I know u don’t care about tha poor that’s why everything you put out is so expensive
*cues Facts*
Wir würden den gern als twitterperle bringen kenny we would like to bring this as a twitter pearl greetz 
All the best. Black power!!!
Any time I see anyone use the term “fake news”
pls make clothes for fat people then
Have you thought about modeling your stuff after HM Conscious line? Affordable but more ethical labor and more eco friendly. Could be a few chosen products
