
Now I fully understand why they say twitter is ruthless lmfao.
The liberal hate mob is in full force attacking Kanye West for being a free thinker... SAD!
Bet you’d be calling every slur if he said something against trump lmao
And people wonder why the country is divided. Not every trump supporter is hateful. Generalizing people to dehumanize them gets absolutely nowhere.
Where did I generalize every trump supporter? Here’s a generalization trump supporters dehumanize people of color all the time and you don’t say anything about that
You assumed the trump supporter would instantly go to slurs in the case of disagreement. A very common theme in your cult. I've seen far more hate and dehumanizing from people like yourself than these hateful trump supporters you speak or. All over opinions lol
LMAO WHAT? I guess Charlottesville never happened. You know where trump supporters chanted Jews will not replace us? Stop embarrassing yourself
And you generalize again. You do realize the majority of trump supporters don't agree with those people right?
Oh I’m sorry I didn’t realize you spoke for a majority of trump supporters. His supporters were either silent or supported them. Unless you denounce them, then you’re just as bad
Speaking on behalf of black people, we want to trade him for Ellen Degeneres
The fact that you think you can speak on behalf of other people just because of your skin color is why @kanyewest has to do what he is doing.

Call me if you need help.
Eugene, if anyone needs help it's you. Maybe @tedlieu can help you out. You both are professionals but neither one of you do your jobs. AHA! I forgot, how much are Activist paying y'all now?
Kanye West = first black president 2024
true

Good thing he's running in 2024 then

Make wolves great again

Did you really lose 9 million Followers in 8 minutes for wearing a Trump hat. Lol
Looks like he’s on the outskirts of Mordor in that picture.
Yeah? Well I feel angry and betrayed.
Good. 
Arm chair psychologists need to put their pen and pad down.
We love any Kanye
Are you with #Qanon?
ThankQ


This one has me #ROFLcopter
High Energy calm and focused.... #MAGA #Qanon @POTUS

Kanye's the sort of person to give himself a ticket for speeding
No he’d sit down and have an intervention with himself
He would take his licence off himself
You won
#QAnon
#QAnon
That's right folks, Democrats are just using you.
Who is really your friends
I feel bad for @KidCudi
Flashing a white power symbol right in front of your face.
You do realize the ok white power hand gesture was a 4chan meme right?
Shhh don’t tell them they’re making themselves look like idiots
Oh yep but rusty, need to reread Art of War 
#MAGA #Qanon  Black Trump "Trump Tower" Shit is hot!!! @POTUS

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npGsyCIfWDQ …
So glad this man woke up he seems he has a great heart .   God Bless him and his travels.  Hope he wakes up many others
kanye onde vc ta to indo ai te buscar
This is Enchanted Rock in Texas. Where 9/10th of Trump supporters would gladly see you hanging by a tree.  But yeah, be calm.
These are some of those that 'Trump supporters' (actually conservative republicans) elected awhile back up my way. Personally, I worked in the campaigns of most of them.
Kanye posting a vertical screenshot of an horizontal photo instead of posting the actual photo is the thing about him that has infuriated me the most so far.
classic Ye

How much acid did you take today?
bro wtf crop
You need help NOW!
Bruh, u on mars?
You gotta learn to save photos if you’re gonna be president Kanye. Can’t just screenshot and tweet it with those BS black lines
Me af
You're energizing us!!

you lost the plot!
Are you getting enough sleep?
Bitcoin is freedom Kanye.
You really are hell bent
enchanted Rock?
Dude I believe this is enchanted rock
that's what I'm saying. can't find the photo on Google tho
It's possible he took it. That would mean we've stepped on the same rock and that's pretty sick
That would be pretty hype.
It’s called mania, Ye. Someone get this man some Lithium.

Your mother is in heaven so disappointed in you 
#MAGA #Qanon
Is this a screenshot
why dont you go toast some pop tarts, leave twitter alone a minute
Shut up
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Dame Lillard and Cj Mccollum got swept 4-0 after doing a state of the union address
who cares stan Qian Kun
@_Fucka_Name
LMAOOO Kanye needs to get off drugs and get a fkn therapist
He done gone into the sunken place
Bruh why is this uncropped
You shall not be questioning the Kanye about what he does or does not do.
Where is he at??
Lmfao ur fucking weird
Turn phone sideways my mans maga
I’m so high right now
Call the White House doc for meds, my man!
Look Ye, you just gotta keep it simple. Stick to the Big Beat Manifesto:

Big beats are the best, get high all the time.
crop the pic
Waiting on you to tell us you was hacked 
welcome tuh norfolk buh yew gorn huvva wondererful toime hair!
What does that have to do with the picture
We’re wrong, Kanye’s actually trapped in the upside down
Looks like hazy and cracked up...damn. Where are your people? I know who’s profiting but who’s caring for you in this state? Sad.
I feel disgusted but lazy.
crop your memes
Lol get off Donald's balls.



Where I Come From (Official Music Video)
https://youtu.be/uD5HTb8EgDg  
@KanyePodcast is finding where this is like
Reminds me of the Only One video and the top of Stone Mountain
What’s left of Kanye’s subconscious.
Is that what your therapist says?
That's called Hypomania or a Mixed Manic State. Very treatable through outpatient services. I suggest restarting any prescribed meds.
Kanye just turned Enchanted rock on a cloudy day into an aesthetic
The Sunken Place
anyway stream no tears left to cry by ariana grande on all platforms now

I hope you can get the help you need
I feel scared. You’re a little crazy.
You are not who I thought you were.
Energised with Monster Energy right?
Yo where is this nigga at lol

#MaazKhalifa
Like/repost my newest song!  https://soundcloud.com/itsmaazkhalifa/iwanna …
Trash
Weed and adderall
Me too
Im pretty sure you are having another bipolar psychotic episode
Kool
Inner strength - calm, but energized. 
Calmness creates energy.
Go jump into that lake!
it is probably the cocaine
You’re on a lovely one tonight
How many laps you ran 
@coleroberts24 ok I can’t explain this one 
Idk what drugs ur on rn but lmk where I can get sum
Don't mind me.  Just seeing if the twitter bot that retweets tweets that contain penis is up and running again.
What is this mans on
"Zen"  you are 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/26915283@N07/16756420685/in/album-72157622741177736/ …
Good for you! Stand your ground & speak your mind! I do not align with any political party but lean conservative; it's increasingly obvious where the majority of the hate is coming from. When did it become the norm to be disrespectful to a sitting @POTUS for having diff beliefs?
This makes me depressed Kanye
Google images
I FEEL CALM BUT YOU SHOULD PEEP MY SOUNDCLOUD
Is Gollum leading you through the marsh into Mordor?? Don't follow the lights fam!
We love you, Kanye! So proud you're standing up for what you believe.
Sometimes i feel like ya'll really disregard that Ye might actually be reaching, and trolling you all. It's 50/50 he might be tbh and you all disregard that over some cheeto man in our office.
That's one of the best feelings. No stress, calm, and ready to do something
You are taking it to another level Kanye.  The respect the world has for you has increased significantly in just the last week.  We,'re changing our profile pics even.  Don't ever underestimate integrity and bravery.  RESPECT

Meanwhile Shania is falling way down with fear of mob
How many lines today?

TAke a look, y’all: IMG_4346.jpeg
It's just the MK Ultra boost they gave you, it will pass!
Peace amidst the storm :)
CROP YOUR DAMN PHOTOS
I feel complete. This should be fun. I'm just going to sit back and watch as Leftist heads explode.
Playing Kanye all day.
Kanye got everyone over charged..
so Mars got some waters ?
Yo Kanye, what’s your favourite flavour of crisps?
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B07BZBBVLF/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1524094798&sr=8-2&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=bts+love+yourself+tear&dpPl=1&dpID=41VypXOinML&ref=plSrch … preorder TEAR! BTS coming
Wow take your meds bruh
Imagine an ordinary person tweeting the exact same thing lmaooo
Peaceful
I love your song Crack Music
You need to go back to the hospital
Its the tea. Stop drinking the tea. And please put sound proof ear plugs on.
Worry bout having one follower left ?
Teach us all how to feel that way Kanye.
I have tweet notifications on for Kanye... My phone has never blown up this much.
That time I was the first person on the planet to view His work... and it’s this pic 
That's because you're on the Trump Train now 
Did we ask?
Good

Stan gfriend
I FEEL CALM BUT ENERGIZED TYPE BEAT
I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future. TYPE BEAT 

#DragonEnergy
Good motto to live by
Drop the album
nice crop
When I'm with u -even if only for a minute/second- @liviaagmm s2
No idea where this is but reminds me of the top of Stone Mountain, GA.
Must be the meds
Do you really think anybody cares how you’re feeling?
Why why why does anyone care what Kanye says?
@WinstonChrintz looks like enchanted rock
Is it lol? Could be
That be crazy 
quit saying that omg
Lool, bro idek if kanye is doing this to test us it's getting annoying
FR!
: (
ARIZONA WE LIT , YALL SOOOO BLIND ITS SO SAD IT HURTS ME
This is Kanye giving signs of where they have his soul locked up. Stay Woke 
Isn’t this the place where you walked with North for the song Only One. :) if so no wonder why you feel calm & energized here. Love you Ye
@KimKardashian
Dude runaway was my jamz back in tha day... song is sick.  I remember ur shit would bump like crazy (usually)
Zen
Be careful out there! Its dangerous going against the left's ideology.
VIEWS
@ambfrancis
You’re manic.

That must be those pills you popped...
So what are you smoking, obviously something 

Whatev'! You are still a FOOL!
Go with it Kanya, do what feels right.        MAGA!!
#Goals
I feel like Pablo
You manic....and dont think we dont know it.....
Are you in Dagobah?
Calm but energized 
I feel overwhelmed and defeated..... Wanna trade for an hour?
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS

GPS?
We surrounded by the fucking wolves.
how the drugs got me

Mxm
Beauty in this picture
Been there as SA, Critical but Stable..
#Welcome back Kanye speak yoir truth!!!..the left tried to brain wash U you broke threw !!!!
Can you start feeling humble too please? Ever learned about it?
Looks like the pool of shit he’s in.

Guerrilla Fatz x DOLLA $IGNS 
feat. @VariBrisk 
[prod. BYoung]
Visual  
Bro can you use your phone right please. Just post the picture instead of making screenshots. It’s not art
Sounds like you rocking a Helo.  http://www.daphne561.worldgn.com 
Where in the sunken place is this!?
It's called mania. Seek help immediately.
Kayne is red pilling liberals with love and they are having a hissy fit because it doesn't feed their narrative.  All I can say is open your mind to the possibilities of people coming together to be better human beings.  I think that's his message.
That sound like adhd or schizophrenic
Kanye u never tweet. Tell me why now? I’m looking beyond your recent posts bcuz I feel like you’re telling us something but I haven’t quite figured it out. Thinking I’m almost there but I WANT TO BE SURE before I plunged w/MY opinion
Are you in Fallout?
It's the Meds 

This is how I feel about @21savage music. #Donnyism 
Kanye I feel the same right now. Have to go to work in a few hours but still can’t sleep. Well I don’t have to...I’m choosing to. #free

Good lord how can you even fathom posting a image with black bars the size of elephants kneecaps
From all the dragons?
Translation: I took my meds today.
#KanyeWest calm and  energized is a position of power. God Bless U and Kim and family.  #WeThePeople r listening.
YE THE PEOPLE NEED U BACK ON INSTAGRAM UR VISUALS ARE INSANE LATELY THE CULTURE NEEDS YOU KANYE PLS RE ACTIVATE YOUR IG

haha I love that!
More energy than Puerto Rico getting right now huh Ye? What's Trump done for PR?
My boy Kanye at Moisty Mire coolin
For the love of god, man, learn how to crop!!
