THE MOMENTUM IS SHIFTING TOTALLY! THE PARADIGM IS SHIFTING! THE MINDS ARE BEING FREED. MAGA.
DEMOCRATS HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO REACT TO THIS NEWS. THIS IS MORE MAJOR THAN ANYONE REALIZES.
LIVE SPEAKING ABOUT HOW KANYE IS CHANGING AMERICA.
THIS IS A NEW DAY IN AMERICA.
If you see him everywhere you must be at all the same places, reading/responding to the same things so if he doesn't have a life neither do you 
Touché !!

Yeah, Fuck him for having a differing political opinion than your own!
Sweety ,bless your heart ! Do you realise the raging dumpster fire the orange cheeto has turned America into? This is sooo not about a simple difference of political opinion 
But if nazi sympathizing is your thing ,do you boo boo
Do you realize you can’t spell “realize”.
You do know we have bigger problems to worry about than your penchant to show off your hooked on phonics skills
Long 8 years for you....
I know it's just a matter of time before Mueller helps you with that miscount
You picked the wrong side.
Nah Obama didn’t do anything to help the black community yet under Trump African Americans and women have the lowest unemployment in history
Oh you know other then being the first black president. And continuing a movement.. Nono he didn’t do anything.
He was the first black President. You’re correct. The only black person he helped was himself. Trump is actually helping and Kanye has woke up! (Along with Chance the Rapper) The Dems won’t own black people anymore.
Thanks White Guy.
To quote @benshapiro, “Facts don’t care about your feelings!” Has nothing to do with race.
To quote me.  Thanks, White Guy.
It’s hilarious how you have no facts and go straight to insults about race (of course).
Get it!!
Act a fool all u want we’re still not buying ur CD if it sucks !
Ok but
Yes because making our president black will fix everything lmao what kind of racist shit is this
Stfuuuuu
No no please continue with black supremacy! I’m sure this is doing wonders helping defeat racism!!
So if that's black supremacy then 260 years of voting for a white president must be 260 years of supporting white supremacy.
Yes it is, it’s a fact that our presidents are mostly white married men, but of course voting for a president strictly because of color is the exact same, no?
Black supremacy won’t be a thing until when can oppress like we’ve been oppressed 
But that’s not equality? Why fight for something when you can’t even demonstrate it.

Of course everyone's ok with celebrity opinions being shared until it's not their own.
Let Kanye be Kanye. Who placed black people in this confined space of opinions and thoughts which prohibits them from expressing individualism?
Take a wild guess
Kanye please stop
MAGA
You go Kanye!
Trump doesn’t care about Puerto Ricans !!
ROFLMAOOOOOOOooooooooo LOVE it KAYNE!! #LiberalismIsAMentalDisease #MAGA #KAG
You mad, snowflakes? 

Damn I'm wild disappointed.  I hope this is some kind of joke
Disappointed that he loves a fellow human being?
I mean, if that's how you wanna look at it.
@JumperOnTop
KEEP AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 2024 
You must be patched
don't be ashamed to support trump, yeezy!! lots of americans and also tons of alt-right white supremacists and also the KKK support him. you're not alone! 
#MAGA
That’s weird because the KKK endorsed Hillary Clinton and the terrorist organization Black Lives Matter has killed more people than the alt right has.
Wrong they definitely endorsed Dump. Nice alternative facts bro https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/the-ku-klux-klan-officially-endorses-donald-trump-for-president-a7392801.html%3famp …
That’s strange, this is a former US Senator who donated over $20,000 to Hillary. He’s the Grand Cyclops.
Didn’t Byrd disavow the clan like 50 years ago? Is that really the best you could come up with?? 
Epic comeback bro. Little triggered are we that that’s the best you could come up with?? 
If you had eyes you’d look at the picture i sent, it’s clear he still has ties with the clan. You’re a waste of my time.
Stream No Tears Left To Cry
Yo
r/cringe
Will still listen to your music but damm you look like a sellout. Album drops in a couple of months hope it’s not for the publicity. That would be sad. Then a year later you bash Trump. But then again your Kanye 
:/
Your dick must be fully erect right now!
Didn’t we leave you back in 2005?


Dude we have Twitter too
@McLeanGodley wtf l
Yea I agree bcuz America is going down hill fast....Your President sucks #Facts
Ignore the lying media.. sucks when they turn on you. Stay strong!! My guess is you will have even more supporters than before!!

 who did this 
Only one with bigger balls than Kanye at this point is Donald J Trump! 
Fuck Kanye!

OMG ray  this gotta be the best meme i have seen today

Valembe
Kanye needs help, he's obviously been trapped
Have you ever seen the movie Get Out. That's what happened to Kanye lmao.
yes we are coming to save our brother 
Hahaha ASAP!!! He's all over twitter
Garbage.
You have done pissed off your husband Kim and your daddy Kris!!
So you hated George Bush but you love Trump. Okay Kanye.
My exact thoughts like what makes Trump different than Bush
Kanye is becoming everything he use to be against it’s sad really
gAg
Hell yeah! #MAGA #POTUS #Kanye #DragonEnergy 

Stop it. Stop it nooooowwwwwwwww. come home Kanye !
Just sitting here watching people get mad is fucking hilarious 
Maybe you can give me a real answer. When was America great?
Pretty easy answer, the US always has been a great nation. You think it isn't great, then which is better and why?
Thanks @kanyewest 
All we do is WIN!

#TrumpTrain2020
#POWEREDbyGOD
#LeadByDonaldTrump
#ProtectedByGenFlynn

#CrushCorruption 
#ErinCruzUSSenateCA
Follow @RealErinCruz 
#FireFeinstein
#MCGA
#MakeCaliforinaGoldenAgain
your judgement has been wrong before...
@Homanoki ton amour oour Kayne il est redescendu à combien là?  le mec est incontrôlable haha
lmao you tryin to prove you can screenshot now? 
Send us a signal if you need help. Just **BLINK**
How are you album sales going? Enough attention on you yet?? Or do u need to tweet something else for more attention??
That is my most precious possession.  When I met @realDonaldTrump he signed mine too, think he is the BEST President we have had in over a century, was not here before, so don't know.
Im not saying that your opinion is invalid  in thinking republican views, but you seem to be someone who has become too attached to the president. What makes you think he is the "BEST" president in over a century? Hes only been in office for 1.5 years...
#KellyanneKanye
So funny all of you that scream Trump is a racist yet can’t name any policy Trump has implemented that is racist. Get off the democratic plantation like Kanye! 
travel ban
How is it racist? Please give me details. These countries were originally flagged by the Obama administration but Trump just took action. Again, please let me know how exactly banning people from terror prone countries is “racist”?
wypipo
So instead on actually answering back with a fact based answer, you go to an insult about race? Your intelligence is showing!
wypipo
Lol thanks for proving my point. I’ll be waiting for your answer of how the travel ban is waiting. WYPIPO 
wypipo
Kanye you are freedom personified
It’s just so odd that you’d reveal your Trump love NOW when he’s going off the rails worse than ever and the shit is hitting the fan with his lawyer and colleagues at a warp speed pace. Why align yourself with him now?
What the fuck is wrong with you... I miss college dropout Kanye
MALCOLM X said ..I don't think we should go running around trying to love someone who doesn't love us
Yaaaaas Kanye! MAGA! you are woke!
I don’t like your avi pic
I don't give a shit bruh

Stop bothering my grandad
Royal fam tho...
Let’s not do this here, other families are lurking
@CPuff30 “Traditions”
“Traditions”

I liked when political views were taboo. I just don’t get how everyone can attack each other for their beliefs and opinions. I’m not a fan of trump but I don’t hate people that support him.
Its because people get wayyyy to atached to having the right opinion. For example, a lot of people get attached to people on news channels, making them believe what they say, even when its not true. You can see this on both parties.
Kanye is a total sellout. Whenever he wanna drop an album dude will start tweeting the most reckless BS for attention. Cool have a political opinion but he supporting carrot face for the most backwards reasoning. You’re not a genius if u just go against the grain
Thanks Kanye, glad to see some people can think on their own without worrying about the media.
Just for the record Kanye West & everyone that supports the white supremacy platform of trump can suck a fat black onE FOH! You being USED, boy!
I think I just lost all of my brain cells reading that comment
You have Kermit the frog as your profile pic I don’t think you had many to begin with.
Kermit is cool
Its easy to stand in a crowd and shout the same thing. But the moment you stand alone, and start shouting back, that takes guts. Im not saying this in support of the topic or not. But I give a person credit for speaking his or her mind on any situation.
And yeah, this all goes back to a subject of personal opinions on others and different perspectives. .3.
Love it, stand strong!
Reminded of why I love Kanye
Love you bro!
What happened this is not the country I grew up in? We use to be able to get along be friends but now people with different opinions will not talk to each other and their IQ and character are put down. Pray for America.
I have love in my heart too for our President @Kanyewest so you are not alone in your community #MAGA  !
You're in trouble.  You're not following the plan =
"We Have To Bring Them To Heel" - Hillary Clinton & the rest of the democrat party.
Love this Ye! #MAGA 
There is nothing wrong with supporting the President
When you see Trump ask him about that Great Cheap healthcare he promised. Ask him why he lies to us constantly.
You mean the healthcare he can't pass because there are enough libtards in the senate so now you have a dying unaffordable care act thankfully that problem will be fixed in 2018 #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about black people.

this how you know kanye lost his sanity, he don’t have night mode on smh
Hey, @realDonaldTrump ICYMI....

For some privileged people even breast-feeding in public is ok. 

#MAGA
#DragonEnergy
pour mentally ill kanye
Support my President and for the first time I can support you unify not divide thank you @kanyewest #freedom #FreeThinkers #

I've never been a big fan of you Kanye but now that you are speaking up & being true to yourself I respect that! #Kanye#MAGA

Maybe Thats Why J Cole Is Always Dissing You And Is Greater Than You ? Hmmm
I have a serious question I have been trying to get clarity for.  When espousing the idea of MAGA what period of American history is the movement trying to go back to?  What greatness is the aiming for?
Dude they turned him!
Lmao
Disappointed aint the word, its sad that u feel so lonely that you’ll take attention from ANYBODY. Yea you trolling us but yo ass mean this shit too. You Just lost a true fan from milwaukee who’s mother is from chicago, who cant remember SHIT you did for the chi either. F.u. Dude
@realDonaldTrump How about you send me a signed hat Mr. President
BRAVE 

You guys are just jealous of Kanye and Trump’s dragon energy. #fusrodah #hopeyougotafairytype
Must be nice to be in the top 1% right ??
Has it occurred to you guys that Kanye is trying to attract so much attention because his albums about to drop, and he likes the negative attention / being hated  ? Don’t let this man fool you 
I'm not black I'm Kanye
Ur a fucking half-wit! Try coming down off ur ego (& dumb PR stunt to remain relevant!) long enough to remember the hat ur wearing is the same hat worn by the tiki-torch, white supremacists of the south killing men like u. Get ur message right, ass — they sure did. 
You have an album coming out, don’t you? Now i get it. #ControversySells
Nice!
I have always been a fan of your music now I respect you more you are a free thinker and that's what makes you a great person
... just in case you needed any proof how irrelevant Kanye is 
cx
Bye Kanye
These low-key fire. Might need one. 
This doesn't shock me because, unless I'm psychic, he posted this in 2015 or 2016 saying"my 2 favorite people"...or was it in 2017 
I'm like "he already did this" I think Kanye is just trying to make us remember his post for whatever reason  Never been a fan but I don't hate him either because I love the way he adores and treats Kim

@KimKardashian Come get ya boy, he’s not doing too well.
Knew you were a scuzzball years ago. Glad you made it obvious now for everyone to see. Also your music is trash.
I used to respect you. I respect your political views too. Just never thought the Kanye that rapped “New Slaves” would be agreeing with Trump on anything.
Blind leading the blind!
This comment isnt helping. Im a liberal, but you do realize both the republicans and democrats have blind followers? This comment will just anger republicans without any reason.
@TorpedoLito im sipping Albanian tea
At this point our country’s democracy is at stake because of greed, lust, money laundering, control & plenty we don’t know. What we do know is don the con is a part of a criminal empire like the real mob.  abused & used women. They r racist. That’s just facts & reality. 
@FBI
I hate to see you taken advantage of & used. I have sons your age. Not every black person is living as a victim.  You have been rich so long you forgot how boys & men pleasure themselves & leave many women as single parents struggling to make a home. @NAACP @VanJones68 @TMZ
Never thought I would comment here.  I am a veteran, fire fighter, deputy not concerned with appearances all I care about is protecting life, any life.  We are all brothers in Christ, powerful messages here.  We all have families to care for a nation that needs us united.
Here’s the hats that you should have him sign.
Ew
Is this really kanyes twitter ??
#MAGA
Thank you Kanye
Yez surr!
Don’t sweat it Kanye. F&@k @StephenAtHome and @colbertlateshow.
That coming from the same guy who got on television and stated George Bush hates black people. Please explain how much your friend Donnie Chump lives black people.
Dude wtf
@itsaPopOD entre locos se entienden jajaja
"My mama was raised in the era when
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doin' clothes, you woulda thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself"
I’m dying at all the angry blacks spittin hate over Kanye leaving the Democrat plantation.  #maga
Bless you for being a free thinker! 
MAGA

I am just following because you love our country just as much as our President does
I love it
U agree with trump wen, if he had his way he’d hav u out of America to make it ‘great’ again too!

I am so proud of you standing up for what you believe. I support the President as well.  to you and  to Chance for being fearless!

Sorry for the treatment you're getting for expressing your views. This is proving to be a lesson in how intolerant and close-minded the left is. Why are they so threatened by independent thinkers?

If you were still pumping out great music, maybe this lunacy would be less noteworthy.
You've always been against public opinion, but now, you've crossed the line, I miss the old Ye. I hope those alt right supports are just marketing.
What drugs have you been taking
*defends a man that said your wife’s body was disgusting on national tv* you’re gross lmao
Kanye most people will do anything for money.  Thank you for standing up for something you believe in.  You are just one step closer in seeing the Democrat party being completely exposed to ALL of Black America.  Then, and then will we see change.
kanye para de postar merda, pelo amor de deus!!!!!!! N CONSIGO TE DEFENDER MAIS

He’s mainly doing this to be the trending topic of media again. He had to find something to stand out with
Sneakerhead here. Never buying trash Yeezys again. Will be contacting adidas and flexing Reebok, Nike, and JB until i see what Drake produces. Major L
Hi Kanye, I love  your independent thought. I have a signed #MAGA hat too. Love to you from a fan. 
Yikes
Thank you Kanye West!!!
Thank you for saying what you beleive in!
God Bless YOU!!!
My son loves your music
I miss the old Kanye.
Delete Twitter. @kanyewest
Thank you, Kanye, 4 your strength 2uphold YOUR values. #MAGA
Do you have no clue on what @realDonaldTrump is doing to our country?  Being rich you really don't.  Try living a day as an average American and see the damage already done by #45. #WakeUp #TrumpIsHurtingAmerica
@lmndck

"Hi I'd like to speak to Kris Jenner please. Yes, it's an emergency." 
Believe what you want to believe but Trump is no president to America , just another Bush
MAGA hats will be more popular than ever now.
It’s embarrassing that the president has tweeted multiple thank yous to Kanye West, but has yet to tweet a simple thank you to James Shaw Jr.  the Waffle House hero who saved lives. What a shame!
You can pick anyone apart.  Kanye said screw the media.  Love it.   And if you don’t like our presidents tweets don’t read them
Pointing out that “your president” only tweets thank yous to black people when it suits his agenda or when they kiss his ass. NOT ONE WORD about the unarmed black man who saved lives. If the truth bothers you, don’t read it.
So do be deceived by don the con. He has money by illegal gains. Some people are victims by circumstance left with children by men pleasured themselves without responsibility to be a father. They are doing their best. It’s their reality. “A mind is a terrible thing to waste”
Dumb. Just dumb. I guess I should be a gay boy who's into Lyndon B. LaRouche now? Dumb. Just dumb, gay fish.
@realDonaldTrump maybe to can both split a room next time you are committed 

Thank you for not being a Hollywood follower politically.


Yeah.... Fuck trump.

How quickly he forgets but you know, trump will be the savior of black people
In @kanyewest mind only!
#KanyeWestIsOverParty
Good for you stand up for yourself


If you hate latinos as much as he does then stop using our names on your album “Life of Pablo <—-remove it
Fight the though police!!
You aight?????
I want one! You may have lost a bunch of followers but you gained this one. Speak your truth Sir! 
Kanye you are a sellout but at least your in the right tax bracket! What’s everybody else’s #excuse #sycophant #followers
For someone who ‘talks’ about social justice, the president U support does NOT!  For folks who DONT agree w Kanye,  it’s  simple - STOP supporting he or his wife with your time and $$.  Invest instead of buying his tickets, READ instead or watching her show
Trash
Byeee kanyeee I never loved youuu
Pooping back and forth forever ))<>((
Kanye West probably need some money since mark zuckerberg siked his ass.... damn shame 
Sunken place. Smh

Good for you to speak your opinion! Don’t let the nay sayers make you apologize like Shania . I support you.
AWESOME!!!#MAGA #AmericaFirst 
Thank you Kanye for standing up for Candice Owens & Trump!! Thank you thank you!!!
Kanye u literally just lost all of my respect !
I’m a new LOVER OF KANYE
I just want to know how you see clear to liking loving and supporting a white supremacist who would rather have you swinging from a tree branch...... you do get that Trump hates people of color right? You’re wealthy but he still only sees your skin color and you’re a lesser human
Dude whats up with you.I aint ever had shit in life and i inspired to be like http://you.To  confidently go into the world and demand respect as a man of color.I ask you now what does it profit a man to gain the world and lose his soul. Still luv ya man


Un regalo de @lopezobrador_
Your black card has been taken
This is wild
At least you’re straight up
Wait...this hat wasn’t made in the USA...
We can't we just all get along?
KANYE IS A GEMINI. LET THAT SINK IN.
so this is the tweet that prolly got yoongi shook-
@lifeofjayvi
@sellhs
It's a shame. Smh you'd be a disappointment as a son. Deep in the sunken place... King kün #getout
