Takes one course in uni existentialism
Except what hes saying makes perfect sense
It does- but there are deeper philosophies.
And? No ones trying to compare.
It’s easy to say a blanket statement and say that’s the entire philosophy- but there are other elements begging to be explored. You gotta exercise critical thinking
I totally get what you’re trying to say Kanye but are you seriously willing to take a stand like this one?!? think about what your actions are saying. You had a lot of people looking up to you and we were hoping you would set a higher bar. But whatever, do you!
Lol Trumpsters dont buy your music. You're done moron, Mcdonalds may be hiring.
You’ve shown piss poor judgement saying you love a hate monger who’s fucking with people’s lives and health with his policies but you don’t have to worry about that in your Cush Calabasas mansion do you? You out of touch dipshit.
Typical response of the angry so called progressives.. if you don’t buy into their BS they will try to attack and intimidAte
Ah nobody’s saying people on the left can’t have an opinion, quite the contrary, the left however think only they should have one
"i'm not even political"
stop please, you make it so difficult to like you
He doesn't care whether or not a random effeminate dude on Twitter "likes" him, I'm certain.
you're literally a random faceless individual who has dedicated his account to criticising a multi-billion dollar movie franchise ffs
You mad Nancy?
Lmao. Literally called him Nancy
Yeah I’m so horribly offended by being called by a female name. Oh wait... no I’m not.
Nah. It's not even about that. You just can't take a joke.
#GreenParty
I would add to that: be free to choose AND also responsible for the outcomes of your choices!!
Too many, defiantly, claim their “rights” to choose, yet abandon their responsibility when the outcome is inconvenient! 
In the liberal world you can be any gender you want, you can identify yourself as a animal if you want, but to have your own thoughts & ideas is forbidden. Liberal logic!
Dude... do you know what political means?  For an "apolitical" person you make a lot of political statements.  #justsayin

Sorry but conservatives don't use people. We are free to agree or disagree without worrying about how our own party will work to demonize us. Kanye is more than welcome to express his views openly. You don't have to be apart of any party. Just be yourself.
If you support free speech/thought, you're much more republican than democrat lol
Is that a bad thing?
Its's a wonderful thing! I can sense a change in the air. Can you? People are waking up to the imbeciltiy of liberal logic!
You haven’t been paying attention to literally every special election since the 2016 election I guess lol #BlueWave2020
I think being a Democrat is just as big of a joke as being a republican. The two party system is a joke
you gotta work with what you got, that means being a Republican lol
If by work with what you got you mean fuck poor people and sick people and education then yeah that means being a Republican
Socializing everything will destroy the economy even more than it already is. You think people are poor now, just wait until this #bluewave sticks it's rod in us all.
“I’m not even political”-ly educated.
Just a sellout! No problem!
sellout to support your president 
Selling yourself out to be the token black person for the maga community, using his platform to effectively strengthen harmful policies and de facto discrimination against marginalized communities.
Sure I was a Bernie supporter but seen through the media lies and feel the same way as Kanye . I’m not democrat or republican either , but when the media did everything they could to make sure Hillary won the election even with lies about trump , that is what made me vote 4 him

We still love you bro 
i really don't get this. aren't you aware that trump is against the whole idea of "love who you want to love"? get your facts clear.
Hmm.... you have said it all alone - Be the person you are meant to be. Happiness is when you know your purpose for life.
You sure are being used by the Republicans now, though!
Bro lol I remember you at 2010 Sundance FF with your pink hair. We were standing in line at a bar. You and another guy walked up and tried to bypass the line. The bouncer rejected you and told you to get in line lol
Amen. Just be you.
Confused you are.
Thank you Kanye for not backing down the attacks on you. These people obviously are not able to think for themselves.
I like your way of thinking.
Free thought is amazing ...
@kanyewest I get it. Him loving folks doesn't equate to supporting their ideas. It's like parents or even the universal God loving us in spite of our actions or choices.
Kanye for Pres 2020
@SnoopDogg check him
Pick a side you can't sit on the fence forever u know
Kanye West, 
Teach your friend how to love others ---> @RealDonaldTrump. 

Love the Poor.
Love the Muslim.
Love the Immigrant.
Love the Black citizen.
Love the Victims of war.

Donald Trump is not showing love to everyone. #Hatred #Bigotry #Retaliation
I  am the same way.
Ameen to that!
Nigga pick a side 
Kanye, you shouldn't have to justify your thoughts or opinions in a "free society".  All the B.S. the MSM spews about America being a Democracy is just propaganda to keep us tricked into thinking we have Freedom of Speech and a Free Press.

give him a year and he full blown republican
Well throwing your weight behind the most divisive man in recent history isn’t exactly non partisan.
You may not be a Demoncrap or  Re-pube-ican but something tells me you are a conservative, my friend 
Of course
Trump is neither Dem or Rep and THANK YOU for the support of him and America. Its not right or wrong Dem or Rep..its AMERICA! Outside the box is beautiful
its' the same DEEP STATE that controls Earth. labels/parties only DIVIDE humanity- it's desgned that way...
It’s called freedom.
Don’t back-track, only Republicans fight for freedom.
Love this
You have permission Kanye. Even if they don't want to give it to you..
Doesn't matter anymore Kanye,Tolerance is a one way street anymore!!
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
This is what #MAGA is all about!
Kanye you gotta get on the blockchain tech bro
So you love Trump. Just not anything he does or says. Or you do like the Muslim ban. Or that Mexican are rapist.

It's not about being democrat or Republican. All these labels just separate us. It's about what he fucking stand for. He stands for hate not love
No pfp no opinion
Great! Now I know. Thanks.

Also since i see you do have a picture  and are able to have an opinion. Tell me is this the only thing you have a problem with?
You're a national treasure Ye! 

Greatest artist of our generation. #FACT
High respect for what you are doing. Some ideas are better than other ideas.
Amen@kanyewest
Same
Where’s your respect for your wife and kids.  You take a nude photo of her showing her bare private parts and post for the world to see. What will you tell your children when their old enough to understand? Your beautiful little girl will want to do the same!
It's called being an #American #KeepAmericaGreat #VoteDemOut
You have the support of the patriots in America. Be careful, remember what the elites did to Martin Lawrence, Kat Williams and others. I wish you the best my friend. Peace be with you #Unity #StopHate #Freedom #BigGovSucks #LuckyAmerican
You support an unapologetic racist. That is discouraging to your fans and really, anyone with half a brain.
Common Sense rules for all of us Kanye, I just wish they would teach it in our Far Lefty Classrooms!
When you live in America are you more a Constitutionalist, Conservative or Republican then Democrat.  If you love you do Like, appreciate or an acquaintance of Love.  You love.  It’s ok to take a stand which ever you are in a Constitutional America.  Tyranny flushes Freedom

Mainstream America has woken up! To oppose the @TheDemocrats doesn’t make you a racist evil monster, it makes you a person with a different opinion. Total suppression of the opposition was a Nazi tactic!
Well said. Hope you can rap it out aloud!
You may not label yourself as either but you are showing the world that when you drop all the noise and just listen to yourself, a loving conservative is what seems to be underlying.

“If you got time to ball, I got time to call “  you did that!!
It is time for BOTH parties to crumble...we had enough with corruption and self serving punks!
Hey Kanye I don’t think any of those people pay your bills keep doing what you’re doing brother
You cannot clean this mess up. Sorry.
You’re just a sellout, a pawn, a puppet.
it ok we know you just trying to sell those new albums you got coming up.
http://iAmDim.weebly.com 
Absolutely!!! Nothing more sad than someone who can't think for themselves and adopts any belief just to be accepted or fit in. Be yourself people! Think for yourself and never stop questioning everything!!!

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
Bahahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahahah
If you do as you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. If you want change, you’ve gotta change what you do.
Me either! I am a human being with love lots of love for people
sometimes it's about the idea , inspiration comes in a breath
comes to us , comes THROUGH us ...
Never really liked Kanye but I have much more respect for him for saying what he feels and going against the grain.
Yet you're supporting politicians who want to make laws restricting who we're allowed to love.  Think about that.
He said free thought not free action its perfectly consistent.  You can think about who you love all you want you just can't do anything about it.
Trump's VP wants forced gender reassignment therapy, which alters free thinking.
Ok well full hypocrite then.
 ok

Everytime you and I tweet, we encourage someone to DO SOMETHING. Yesterday you encouraged 27 million followers to insult, abuse, lie, pollute, attack and steal. You get that, right? You understand how power and influence work, right?
Yes @pattigee your 87 followers are gonna go out and do what you tell them haha
You’re unfollowed enjoy Kanye
Amen
Give it a rest mate

Ps- I'm going through a very similar sitch. You ARE a wordsmith. Fuck South Park. When u reach self-actualization (go sane) and just start auto piloting our jacked up society it scares ppl, tho. I hope Kim is cooler than my baby mama abt the shit. 🖒 808s is still the top, imo
That's fair.  And honest.
This is a great quote that I can personally relate to, however when you, Kanye was agreeing with republican Candace Owens on how she talked down to your people about black privilege & with you publicly saying you love Donald Trump then tell me how is this statement is then true?
Cheers to that!
Love all this.  You are a legend.
Left Wing (Communist)...  Right Wing (Fascist)...  The Eagle Has Only One Brain...  @tanamongeau #YouTubeJordanMaxwell
@therealroseanne you and your pal full of...  Are full of shit.....
you're a libertarian as am I.
Speak the truth man.  Speak it loud and speak it proud.
You are allowed to have them.  Just don’t expect people to care.
I have always stepped to my own beat. I have followed you for a long time. Takes one to know one. Many blessings to you for this journey you are on.
I love you and your vibe kanye..say your mind and let hates quake .lol
House negro you left your mind in Africa, bla bla bla i am not, i am not i was raised by Krs one i was raised by tribe called quest, you nothing but a house negro

That's why I luv me being an "independent."  I don't want to be left or right. Too much discourse in these two parties.
Independent thinker.
Well, it's a start.  @kanyewest has a ways to go before he really understands what the #gayliberationmovement is about.  Do your homework folks!  Gay "marriage" isn't really about marriage.
I voted for Trump. And the Republicans should have NO illusions:  I'm neither, too. Whoever controls immigration, binds us together thru shared sacrifice, ends the middle-class killing trade deals and end foreign wars, esp. of the Middle East variety, has my vote.
Get off Twitter dude !! Don’t you have kids to look after or something productive to do ??
Love Always Wins
L.A.W.
Just your reaction made your follower down but u know what ?Buddha lord said "we have to think before we do" the politic always sensitive also religions and race 
Free the thoughts Ye
#BringYeBack #BringYeezyBack #WhereArtThouKanye #BringBackKanye
Yep! You’re just a black man trying to say how special you are! I don’t buy it
Has Trump be saying nasty things about us pretty pink people?
I have a pretty strict policy of never using celebrities opinions as good sources but your ability to truly be an independent thinker is pretty awesome! Keep doing that!
How many other people feel some sort of "energy" change ?
Don’t say that shit out loud @kanyewest because @mike_pence will throw you in therapy if loving who want to love doesn’t agree with who he thinks you ought to be able to love. Shock...therapy

Kanye, talk to Richard Johnson, page 6. He has an open mind to unpopular truths.
Here’s my idea.
Donald Trump represents al that is bad about this country and as a black man I think you should see what disdain  he has for you..
Hypocritical? Yes!
@kanyewest - One Word - Disappointing.  Do you remember where your success originated?  MLK was a Democrat!  RFK was a Democrat!!  There is no Republican alive you should identify with.  Own your audience.  We need you to RISE UP, says #Lin_Manuel Miranda.  Time to GIVE BACK!!!
Who cares about you?
Very cool Kanye
But you love that tax break, right? That’s what this is all about. #fake
and yet kanye 2020
Well I’ll be damned. If I don’t have to be allowed anymore does this mean they’ll let me back into the Macy’s I tried to take some Levi’s jeans from ONE time?
people always follow the popular opinion lol.. respect YE 
That's all fine & dandy but there's only ONE God/ Higher Power/ Great Being and you are not it.
Being yourself is a good thing. That is what made you a successful man in a free and independent country!
WE ARE A BEING OF LOVE LIGHT AND VIBRATION... THIS IS WHO WE ARE.... INDIVIDUAL, LOVING, FREE AND ENLIGHTENED. XX
that’s right, you’re an ignorant; leaders stand for something other than making themselves feel like God
Ok @kanyewest I love it when someone isn’t afraid to speak their mind. That takes courage! It’s easy to speak your mind when you won’t get attacked or labeled but it takes balls to truly be a free thinker! Guess I’m going to have to go my some of your shoes now 
it boggles my mind how you dont realize how your erratic, screw loose behavior is ok. Get a grip and get help
Yes I LOVE THIS ..... I feel like people are sooo afraid of being judged by others and/or sooo busyy trying to please others that we forget to please ourselves !! Keep being yourself Kanye!
your not Republican or Democrat but you certainly have an impact on young people. You are off the wall and sometimes out there. As long as your happy I guess.
Neither is Trump. You two are exactly alike in so many ways. Uncanny.
YEEEEESSSSS Some realness, so plain common sense
It’s so nice that you love when people have their own ideas. Here are a few of Donald Trump’s: #thread
1. “Grab her by the pussy”
2. Build a wall and make Mexico pay for it (which he is now trying to pay for with tax payer’s dollars)
3. Hypocritically bomb Syria (something he called Obama out for just a few years ago)
4. Employ a travel ban that effectively separated families
5. Promote tearing families apart over a dream and a piece of paper
You’re entitled to your wrong, ignorant opinion. Just be prepared for people to form their own based on the person you’re choosing to be and the people you choose to stand with.
I should also point out that unfortunately, love who you want to love IS political. LGBTQIA people and immigrants will be quick to disagree with you. You know who’s making this more apparent? The creator of that stupid hat you’re wearing.
No one has said you can’t have freedom of thought. It’s not even possible to block someone’s thoughts.  Clearly you are free to think any thoughts in the world, no matter how stupid, nonsensical, immoral, & harmful they are
@kanyewest I absolutely love you! I am such an admirer of your freedom to be yourself and express yourself. And the music isn’t bad either
Many of us no longer buy into the two party system! They're BOTH dirty and have conspired against ALL of our best interests.
We do need to express more love in our country, so why shouldn’t the president with his free thought express love instead of hate. He’s dividing us with hate instead of uniting us with love. Seems like he’s using his platform wrong.
Thank you!
I understand what he’s saying bc when you agree with one thing someone says, it doesn’t mean you’re completely aligning all your thoughts with theirs. A republican might agree with a democrat’s opinion but that doesn’t mean that person agrees with every democrat statement.
Kanye wants to express that it’s not a matter of sides (sides being political parties)  for him and who you identify yourself as part of; but a matter of individual personal thoughts based off personal experience.
We have a habit of placing people on a so called ‘side’ because of their beliefs about one topic, when really those people’s beliefs are there own- not thought created by someone else for people to follow.
same here kanye . i am not either .but somehow people like to limit or put others in boundaries and limitations and try to associate anything a person has opinion about to which group they belong .  so many millions need to be awaken . and you are Kanye West SO AWAKE .Enlightened
dude stop
To a Democrat, that makes you a Republican.  Sadly we’re getting the same in the other direction too these days.
Kanye is the best in the industry!! You know why? It's because he's a genius. Pure genius.
BEST F**King tweet I’ve read from #KANYEWEST and I don’t even follow dude. iToo don’t agree with a majority of what Kanye says but iRespect  him nonetheless! #ChiTown is both our homes and we both wanna see our city shine and grow peacefully! #TheDashExperience
Be sure to check out @GreenPartyUS! I feel like an independent thinker like you might appreciate their #TenKeyValues.
Why do you seem to think that people can’t think for themselves? Bottom line, I’m not going to align myself with a party (GOP) that has openly shown its oppression on non-white people, and, won’t use their privilege to confront any form of racism. Remember Katrina u Free Thinker?
When did the GOP "openly shown oppression of non whites"? Was it when they fought to end slavery or to integrate schools? Asking for a friend. And if you pull that party switch crap, just go to bed. #StopHate #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder 
#DemocratsHateMinorities #RacismSucks
Simply put...simply truth.
Does that mean that you are an Interdependent?
Then keep quiet....As you do not know what you are talking about.... Obama's legacy and history will not be re-written by you and the bunch of racists with red caps... Obama will remain a true leader..who gave us hope and courage ..

 BARRIO BOY 
              EP
https://soundcloud.com/jinxxxthacurse/sets/barrio-boy …
What the fuck does that even mean?  Everybody should be “political”. We should all be engaged & take part in the political process. Choosing not to participate is political too.
I hope some of your influence can make both sides look at the situation and realize we need to work together. Goood for you for having the guts to say how you feel in a time that is not exactly conducive for that.
All of us were ordinary...compared to Cynthia Rose...she always stood in the back of the line...a smile beneath her nose 
There's a certain population that wants to control how you think. They are control freaks. They act as a kind of moral authority when they have done nothing to deserve to act this way.
Who are these people who want to control how you think? How are they doing it?
The people who claim that saying mean things is assault, therefore it gives them the right to physically attack people. The people who beat people up because they're wearing a maga hat. They are doing it through intimidation.
The people who claim that if you don;t use their preferred pronoun you are some how transphobic. The people who keep telling black people they will never be successful because of some racist system that doesn't exist anymore.
The media has people thinking that the man who's responsible for talks between SK and NK, Who's family is half jewish, who brought our countries GDP up 3 points his first year, made Black unemployment / Hispanic unemployment record low. Is a racist, nazi, bigot, HITLER.
Also, the countless people in this thread saying Kanye has mental issues, because he's telling people to think outside of the box. Bunch of narcissists, and ACTUAL bigots.
Good luck with that
@Vale_Chaviguri  ahora déjame actuar como quiero
No te dejaré usar power point, aprende a hacer un fckng prezi

But you are a trump supporter
Then how tf you expect to run for president in 2020 like you say you would when you ain’t neither of those ??? And you’re not political that’s even worse lol.
Kanye advocating for free thought making people angry. Bob Marley was right, none but ourselves can free our minds.
Exactly, that’s why I love libertarians and independents. They think for themselves.
Yass!! #1977 #punkaf love you 
I’m on board. #Yeezy2024
What about if the person you 'love' has founded a pretty big portion of their platform on encouraging the hatred of others?
....because you don't know anything about politics....because you don't have to...cause your rich and lost your roots.
They'd also check you too though! Sometimes I try to get points across and if it's not written down or if I'm not interrupted my point is golden. You're the same way. But we get so excited points and ideas get sidetracked.
I'm gonna b honest the only reason I'm on twitter is bcuz of u. @kanyewest u honestly need 2 take interviews & have sum1 from your team sit in those interviews n keep you on track and focused. And when the interviewer misconstrues ur words ur team member checks them.

With @realDonaldTrump as President, @kanyewest, @KimKardashian, and @chancetherapper are starting to believe there's a way off the "Democrat Plantation" to a NEW, INDEPENDENT LIFE!... 
You’re a loony.
Until your wife calls you
