Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
Slight problem with your assessment. The Right is poking fun on how the apt titled Liberal Snowflakes are attempting, as always, to maintain there safe-space. The Right is being completely consistent.
Med school is not that hard. You simply can’t address my points.
And med school doesn’t require any great intellect. It requires time. But it is revealing that you decided to drop that into the tweet as though it makes up for not addressing the points made.  Cowardice.
KANYE U'RE SO CONFUSED!! 
U DON'T EVEN KNOW OR UNDERSTAND WHAT U'RE TYPING. 

1MINUTE U'RE PROMOTING TRUMP NEXT MINUTE U'RE SAYING U LOVE HILLARY TOO. YESTERDAY U SAID U'RE NOT A DEMOCRAT OR REPUBLICAN

SHAUN KING IS RIGHT ABT U
Are you upset that Kanye is not being divisive and not spreading hate?
The President exhibits divisive and hateful behavior on a regular basis it's hypocritical and worthy of criticism when Kanye says spread love n all that other noise. But I feel like it's a promo for his album above all else.
That sounds divisive and hateful.
I'm just calling out the hypocrisy.
Me too.
Yup
MAGA is a movement of love. Love, and making things great for every American citizen!
The other side thinks it’s a movement of hate, racism and all these awful things! They have let the media influence them! They should just sit and listen to the actual policies offered up by the movement!
MAGA does not adhere to identity politics and that is why so many people can’t wrap their heads around! Four years, Democrats used identity politics to try and make people feel included and then go vote for them. But what actual tangible results do these communities have to show?
Inner cities have been run by democrats for the past 60 years… People don’t even run Republican candidates in so many cities… How can you say Republicans have never done anything for inner cities if you’ve never even given them the chance?
And by that same token, if the Democrats know that no matter what you’re going to vote for Democrat, then what incentive do they have to actually do anything for your community? They can just line their pockets and you’re going to vote for them anyway. Battered wife syndrome!
Clout chaser
Correction serial dick rider*
Son really responds to every tweet with a written speech
This is “ad” love:
Love:
Love:
Love:
Love:
Love:
Love
 nah
It’s love and there is no second option. If your stuck in your mindset that everything’s against you, you’ll never amount to shit. #yeezy
When was America ever great for black people ?
Trump is trying to change that. People have to give him a chance, just like we did with Obama. To hate because it’s not the party u voted for, is bias and bigoted
I don’t vote bro both parties are devilish if you ask me
if you don’t vote you can’t change anything. and you can’t complain about the people who actually did vote IMO
Let’s get some new parties besides the Demokkkrats and republikkkans
Trump never was both!! He fought against both and won!! So he was an independent
He’s a republican clearly
No he is not! He always said he will not back the Republican candidate if thats bot him! Also all republicans hated him
Maybe you can help Trump with the empathy bit? You donated to Hillary's campaign & the DNC. You only supported Trump after your weekend trip to Moscow 2 days after the election. Would love to know more about this trip and why you canceled your tour after.
Whoa
So you blew my mind a bit Ms and it made me think. That pic yesterday of Ye in the MAGA hat, with Lyor Cohen of YouTube (formerly warner and def jam) MAYBE flashing white power...

So I googled Lyor and Putin and didn’t find a direct connection but Check this out:


Mine takes up 4 walls at this point!
Let me tell you about ICE,
Tell us..
Its cold, and goes nicely in beverages....
I feel you but bro they ain’t giving love to the other side what so ever. At all. You want us to hug the bullies who call us cucks for saying what you’re saying in the first place
How the world is he a bully?And you so full of hate, try love instead
All that free thought turned you to a zombie ye
Black Folks are being murdered every day Kanye!
We need more than Love!
You talk about love a lot -- how do you feel about your 2024 campaign slogan being 'LOVE TRUMPS HATE'

I don't think it's been done before and could probably win you the election in a landslide
People need to understand that hes just voicing his opinion. He isnt promoting anyone, saying you should like them too or u should agree with me. He just wants u to think for yourself, even if you disagree with him. Just disagree based on ur own thoughts, not bc other ppl say so.
i cried after reading this.  this is so true
@kanyewest is a longtime friend of Donald Trump’s. He definitely supports Donald Trump. And he is trying to use voice and platform to help bring people together. 

#FactsOverFeelings #MAGAForAll
You're missing the entire fucking point. He likes Trump. That's his opinion. He is not trying to convince anyone that his opinion is right
You’re not wrong. We do need to see and understand both sides before we can continue and unify as a country. The biggest problem is that the people you’re beginning to show support for have ties with people who want to see you dead for the color of your skin.
There’s nothing wrong with having different opinions. It’s needed to push forward discussion and evolve our thinking. But try talking to a Republican politician or a Trump supporter about something you don’t agree on and see how willing they are to listen to you
This country needs peace, love, and unity. But with that should come a DIRECT condemnation of hate groups like the KKK and Nazis that have been emerging even more under our current president. But that hasn’t been the case. It’s all been half-hearted attempts at keeping the peace.
MAGA has been used by many people in this country to promote hate and violence. It’s only year one and there are constant riots and protests against minorities in this country and MAGA is their reason for doing so. It’s not Dragon Energy. It’s racism.
if you tweet #Qanon the internet would break so fast

 Truth. 
He has a big part to play in #TheGreatAwakening 

#ItsHappening #WWG1WGA
Hope so...it’s so frustrating to see so many sleep walkers daily...at this point like how do people on both sides not see what the score is...
All we can do is just keep laying down breadcrumbs of #Truth . Eventually ...no one will be able to ignore the truth.
Never use this beautiful gif for your bullshit MAGA propaganda
I have empathy for you...even if we disagree or have different views on the world. Sounds like you’re a West fan... well we now have that in common.... 
He told you 2000 lies in that one year and you dont mind he lies to the American people on a daily basis (4 times a day). This tells me something about you
What lies?Explain yourself, don’t just throw the talking points out there from your left leaders
I am from Holland we dont have left leaders.
The lies have been well documented
Google is your friend, or is everything left that criticizes Trump?
Unintelligible. Type in Dutch and let Google translate for you.
Ah yes the “lalalala I can’t hear you” defense, a favorite of trump supporters.
Say something sensible.
SEND ICARLY TO BRAZIL RIGHT NOW
what the fuck
I think that many MAGA folks were so angry with the last few decades of gov't lies & the double-standard of law & order (political elite vs the American People) that we initially had some steam to blow off. Many of the people that I know are now refocusing on Truth...
& spreading it. There's more room for conversations, between those who are willing to listen & not just attack.
It would be easier if ppl didn't look at it as right vs left, but as
Americans vs Class-Supremacists
Nationalism vs Globalism
We all need to look at the bigger picture.

“ad” is accurate. that is not a typo. 
Truth!
@Adorable_Todd @ntvnyr173 @_edwardmondini_ Kanye, millions of Americans appreciate your courage in backing President Trump. It’s time that African Americans get off of the Democrat plantation that had delivered nothing& only exploited them for votes. Democrats were the party of
Thinking independently is the key - and hopefully what Kanye and maybe more will do is show their fans and supporters that it is important to do that!
Democrats & the “insanestream” liberal media & “Hollyweird” are Stalinists that try to destroy anybody that dares to stray off of the reservation. Kanye has too much power for them to squash him, but these leftist lunatics will certainly try to do just that.
I feel MAGA show's way more Empathy then that of Liberal's who do nothing but try to divide us all as a people. Race,religion,sex they try to divide us anyway they can. MAGA is for any free thinking individual period.
Says Pepe the prejudice frog. SAD!

MAGA likes laughter, too.
Opioids are Bad Bro

All of the liberal media after they make every celebrity apologize after supporting Trump....then Kanye throws this curve ball.
yea cant retweet this one
Glad to see all your followers are back plus 2mil.

Blame the media for the non recognition, not Trump! WAKE UP! The media controls everything!
Just like a trump supporter blame everyone else but tRUmp





#ad
I can't be the only who saw what you did there...
Make American Great Again
We have heard their side for 8 years while they silenced us at every turn. It's time for them to listen now!!
We heard all this before in the 1930s & 40's, tovarich.
Who is honestly against making America better
Those that would be required to put in effort to reap the benefits...
No idea what you're talking about
They want things made better for them without them actually having to put fourth the effort needed to make things better.
Who?
The people that would rather have a Communist like Sanders give them handouts than a capitalist like Trump create opportunities for them to succeed.
Okay haha, sorry I was having a hard deciphering what you were saying. Exactly. The weirdos out there LOVE being victims and receiving free anything for simply existing. No responsibility, no adversity.
Making things better takes work anyone not willing to contribute doesn't deserve to do better.
I'm beginning to think Donald Trump is tweeting for you, it's not ad its add.
You have 280 characters to express yourself in a tweet. You shouldn't use the letter n as and. But what do you expect from somebody who voted for Trump. The man can't even say Peninsula or Russia correctly, and forgot he was the president of the US Virgin Islands.
Hey @kanyewest hit up Baked Alaska he wants to collab!

So much love coming from this guy to you!!!
Let be smart. 

Support @KanyeWest by buying his music and products. Lift Him Up and show #hollywood and other #entertainers that it pays to #MAGA 

Do not try to use him to better person.
Baked Alaska? The dude that helped organize the hate rally in Charlottesville...whatever 
No hate my friend. Kanye and Baked are all about love. We need to come together like Kanye and Baked have said

For our country
I have video of him at white supremacist rally in Charlottesville with his goons. It's his own periscope vid so come again with that "he's all about love" crock. He's been kicked off Twitter, PayPal, gofundme and many others. He's a fraud
If you were hearing all sides, you would not be supporting MAGA. It is destroying the heart of America.
Citation needed.....
Citation needed!
Where as your asinine opinion dressed as fact was ratio'd within minutes....
What's with the hate? What are you afraid of?
That you're going to keep on with the Hyperbole and have no facts to back it up
You should be living in peace, not fear.
The fraudulent courts deliberately create fear and leave no room for peace: https://twitter.com/xode0000/status/935583114922831873 …  You support the fraudulent courts since the support the big, corrupt and unaccountable government that #MAGA is seeking to get rid of.
ye is cancelled, nas is cancelled, chance is cancelled fuck this im going back to tekashi 69 BLICKIE UH
Empathy?
Dragon energy?
Perhaps you're just "misunderstood"?

Perhaps your mind just isn't right.
Honestly, I can't name any of your songs and have only heard about you as a joke or in relation to Kim. This, though, sounds like you're channeling #BobMarley. Use that fame and do some good, keep it up.
Once people understand what has been going on with the FBI, the MSM, and in DC, maybe they will start to understand. Some of the most empathetic people are MAGA people.

The texts are coming and maybe people will understand a small portion of what is going on.

#ReleaseTheTexts

Kanye = GOAT
NEW: Whistleblower says treasonous Cambridge Analytica used Russia anti-Hillary propaganda to suppress black and female votes.

Kanye loves Trump's racist/sexist vote suppression. PoC, women, and their allies don't. #FireAllRepublicans #Hillary2020 
Whistleblower: Bannon directed Cambridge Analytica to research voter suppression methods http://hill.cm/tm714qQ  
One dude says that another dude told some dudes to do something to a bunch of dudes that could have affected other dudes to vote for a different dude than the other dude's favorite dude?
Nice Promo for the new Cd coming out Bro.. You've done a masterful job generating a buzz.. I almost took you seriously for a second.      
Ok I’m not a fan of your music, and always thought you were = to your music, but I now have respect for you as a person. Do not be bothered by people with small minds that can’t or won’t discover that truth has multiple side and love can take many shapes
There’s already empathy in MAGA. Just been demonized by the other side. You may or may not agree with the methods.
like if kanye should deactivate
Like if you want to shut down people with a different opinion.
Close friends until death, even though they disagreed on fundamental philosophical underpinnings.

Be like Aristotle & Plato.

"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it." - Aristotle.
One of my favorite quotes of all time 
Kanye get off drugs.

Drug abuse is life abuse.

It's add, not ad. 
I think it’s mental illness, specifically bipolar.
Bipolar I, predominately mania.  Or just batshit crazy.

Kanye just happens to kiss Trump's ads when his sister-in-law goes to Capitol Hill, pushing her agenda on a cosmetic bill. Or possibly they bonded over the fact that both wives posed nude and sell their bodies for money. 
Only one hating is your bestie. Where was Trump's empathy for the Central Park 5 when he was calling for the KILLING OF THOSE INNOCENT BLACK BOYS? Or trying to convince us that Neo-Nazi's are very fine people? You're the one who's not listening. You're completely tone deaf.
Kanye, if you had a modicum of intelligence, then you would know that MAGA is not meant to include POC.  WHEN was America great, and WHO is he making it 'great again' for? Think Kanye, THINK! #MAGAmyAss #MAWA #TrumpsARacist #TrumpTrain
The maga model never included empathy. Hard to add empathy when the first words stated coming down an escaltor were about tearing a group of people down.
Listen to the words but focus on the actions. Too many people can’t pay attention and words confuse them. They need only to watch the success of POTUS to know he wants the best for America.
@realDonaldTrump   KKK 
@kanyewest .........☻ BRO 
I HOPE THIS HELPS YOU TO UNDERSTAND who is behind.            Maga  MORON !! #KanyeWest  #TheResistance #resist
#FlynnIsATraitor
Hearing all sides? C'mon
And how are you “adding empathy to MAGA”? Other than tweeting bullshit platitudes.
lol , true but its so funny that this is like automatically a meme
Kanye can you imagine how much further the MAGA agenda would be now if Trump had the MSM promoting him as they promoted Obama? Why do people want the demise of good in front of them? Scared? Jealous?
Um tell me how trump’s policies do scream ‘empathy’ ?
Unfortunately MAGA and Trump have nothing to do with love. They dont love you. They dont love people of color. Everything MAGA stands for is hate, intolerance, greed, and isolationism. Our country was and is already great because it is NONE of those things. Shame u dont get it.
"He's fallin' apart, but we deny it
Justifying that half ass shit he dropped, we always buy it 
When he tell us he a genius but it's clearer lately
It's been hard for him to look into the mirror lately.." - J. Cole, False Prophets
Yes god -- resisting or fighting the Ego is just more ego!

Acceptance is key
Kanye. Dude. Trump has ZERO empathy. Zip. Nada. That's the damn problem!
He finally got his chance to clap back:
Why not start with the end of government by force? Voluntaryism FTW!
MAGA represents hatred.
In what way?
In a "RESIST" way!  OMG RESIST!
yeah something about #MAGA  folks running around with tiki torches trying to kill black ppl...makes me have ZERO empathy for they white devil asses.
Jesus does walk! GB you Kanye
all of this is an “ad” for his music, and that’s the scariest shit
How about you join us in #Charottesville this year and try to “hear out” the other side while they’re throwing smoke bombs and tear gas at you, chanting “heil Trump, Heil Hilter”. 

Yeah, empathize with that.
The problem is the person you chose to align yourself with has zero empathy for anyone.
Hear this.
How can you show love to a movement that got to where it is by hate
What hate are you referring to?
Stop  tweeting 
White Democrat telling a black person what to do. It’s almost like Democrats have literally not changed since they created the KKK.
STFU IDIOT. HE'S A LYING SACK OF TREASONOUS CRAP #IMPEACHTRUMPNOW #FAKEPRESIDENT #NOTMYPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH #PUTINSPUPPET
Triggered snowflake wait so how can Trump not be your President be a fake President and also get impeached at the same time but i guess everything is possible in the mentally ill liberal bubble #MAGA #BASEDKANYE #TRUMP2020
How about you stfu and let people digest they’re own thoughts and opinions without sliding into their twitter feed every second trying to gear them towards the right. Fuck republicans and democrats. The US government and its policies are all corrupt and cause nothing but terror.
AND fear worldwide. There is nothing “loving” about the US government. All it craves is money, power, and greed. Want to change things up? Reconstruct the whole system and vote for independents who will serve you because their campaign dollars depend on it.
Unlike current politicians who are puppets of a cyclical system that only has lobbyists and Wall Street executives in mind.
Wtf chill
I want to like this more than once
I just. With him. This better be performance art, I swear to god.
He’s probably sitting in a dark room somewhere with Shia Labeouf
Plz tell me this is the moment when Shai returns to rap music.
The Rich Get Richer This Is How! #Thiefs
The DNC moved its bank account to Hillary’s bank in Brooklyn, NY.
Then took states’ DNC donations & funneled ‘em back to the Clinton Campaign to the tune of $84m in illegal contributions. 

…
I hear you.
Today, as a means to keep blacks in their place and hold on to electoral power, Democrats do what Colbert did Tuesday night — use the weapons of ridicule and the threat of social ostracization to punish independent-thinking black men.
Add* add*
Kanye: You don't have to like Trump, but don't hate on people who do.
Kanye why tf aren't you directing this to your new maga fan base? Can you identify the empathy within the maga crowd? You are wrong and this shit is disgraceful.
So true Kanye..... here is someone else that said it a different way.

Stay True!
MAGA

 
MAGA is a bowel movement, a HUGE pile staining the whole country.
#PrayForImpeachment and save the USA
Hey Kanye! Get yours here:
https://www.etsy.com/shop/AllPhrased?ref=l2-shop-header-avatar …
Yezzy has inspired the World. #Love2024
Indeed.
From the time he first emerged until now, kanye's inspired me to never pick up one of his CDs.
Only plantation slaves are worth your time?
I'm mexican.
As in my family's lineage come from Mexico.
As in we didn't own any plantations.
We more the  likely Frank some tequila.

Nice try though.
So you don't like them escaping the barrio then?  My daughter is half Mexican, but she loves Trump.  All her friends except one is brainwashed like you.  They live check to check for the last 15 years and vote to keep struggling.  Makes no sense to me.
Hooray for your daughter, but why should I care?
Why are you even bringing her up?
Why should I care that you are Mexican?  You brought it up, not me.
I brought that up because you made a weird comment that had racist undertones, which was also weird seeing as how you didn't know my ethnicity at all.
We should get along and not allow ourselves to be manipulated and controlled by professional politicians and haters.

Libertarians and conservatives have empathy—for the citizens of this country, their hardworking families and people who want advance free-market principles, limited government intervention in private lives and great opportunity, economic or otherwise.
think about the "AGAIN" part of MAGA. there's no empathy compatible with nostalgia when that nostalgia is rooted in a time of even more overt structural inequality. "my mama was raised in an era when/clean water was only served to the fairest skin". That's the again he wants
Right on my guy!

It's not about sides, it's about love
So sad. When Republicans are championing Kanye for a few days after demonizing him for years for this. C’mon Ye, It’s not about political parties, it’s about standing so strongly for something then turning your back on it when you’re no longer that struggling kid from Chicago. 
Same as Kathy Griffin. Irrelevant hack....then she poses with a severed head, Useful Pawn! Let's all resist like this crazy person. Honestly their birds of a feather.
Did MAGA promote empathy when the POTUS called the NFL players SOBs because they took a knee to shed light on police brutality?
if you say taxation is theft I’m ready
Dang libertarians
#QAnon #PatriotsUnite #WWG1WGA
Dear Kanye, I respect you as an artist, but I really don’t understand your admiration of Donald Trump. Can you tell us what about him you stand behind? Is this part of your art or is there something truly dignifying about him the rest of us don’t see? Please enlighten us. 
"Dear Kanye, why won't you racebait and continue the unreasonable hatred against the president?"
Unreasonable? Lol. 
MAGA is hate. "Great Again" means "Like It Was". You don't fix hate by promoting it, dude. That's how you spread hate. Pretty important difference.
Stuart Richardson is Hate, I dont have any proof of it, but it's hate.
I also don't have a long, well documented history of racism, but sure, if you like.
Liberal wing nuts right now.
kanye has always been a moron with half baked ideas, but also an idiot savant with music. nothing has changed
Don’t be a bigot.
but trump doesn’t even love his own wife... (let alone immigrants, women, minorities etc). all of his “free thinking” is based on fear. not love.
Or, you know, it’s based on established law. Crazy, the law.
what? trump’s policies aren’t based on existing law... he wants to change the law
MAGA is not about love. If is was, none of the words Trump used during campaign and his time in office like “breeding” and “rapists” and “sons of bitches” says anything about love. Until you are clear about your intention of embracing the “movement” you’ll lose al of credibility.
You are so wise, @DGaillou .  Keep schooling Kanye.  He apparently needs wise friends who care about his well-being.
Aww. Thanks. I am not trying to school him, just trying to guide him. We owe that to each other.
Schooling him...gently.  Lol.  I think you're awesome.  We all learn from your tweets.  
Thanks 

Riding tides raise all boats #MAGA
Then why the fuck you hating on Obama!
This is year two
God bless you  Speak the Truth  We the People Stand by you 
“Listen to the kids bro”
My guy.... just stop
trump jr doesnt care about black people
Love this!!! We need to restore civility, empathy and kindness back into American life again. It's also time to have some fun again!!!
Stop
Agreed Kanye. But those supporting Trump have been vilified, marginalized and discriminated against. Have a listen to late night so-called "comedy." 
And in NYC, a once great city.those wearing #MAGA hats can be thrown out of bars/restaurants legally. Leftist hate is growing. :-(
Just like trump,  Kanye doesn't know how to spell *add*.

Birds of a feather....... 

@realDonaldTrump
They refuse to, Kanye.

MAGA has already decided that you’re either with them or you’re the enemy.
Tell it to @potus and his judicial picks
Brown v. Board established the principle that separate schools for black and white students are unconstitutional. Back in 1954. It's one of the most basic fairness guarantees in our society. But Trump's judicial nominees are unwilling to raise their hands in support of it. https://twitter.com/civilrightsorg/status/989242244011036672 …
How can we communicate when his supporters won’t even admit he’s done anything wrong ? As if anyone who calls Trump out is making everything up
63 million+ Americans belong to MAGA and we're filled with love and empathy.
is this an ad
MAGA is a cover for the most inexperienced, unethical, dishonest, repugnant, offensive, childish, corrupt, petty and hypocritical administration we've ever seen.
it is definitely not Year One for false equivalence
why am I still following you?
To people that aren’t “Kanye~Rich” maga refers to a time when black people had no chance of becoming “Kanye~Rich”.    

It’s like he’s afraid of competition
You can't 'hear all sides' when dealing with Nazis
Man chill with the propaganda. he is not gonna help you win no election. We will not have your mentally unstable as doing nothing but singing in the white house
Racists dont deserve empathy, they deserve a boot to the face.
Wait until you watch @jordanbpeterson lectures. He will rock your world:) keep on keeping on.
Calaboca
WHY DO DEMOCRATS CHOOSE ILLEGALS OVER BLACK & (legal) HISPANIC LIVES???!!! THE DEMS R REPLACING YOU BLACK PEOPLE!! WHY R U OK WITH THAT?? GET A BRAIN!! ILLEGALS TAKE YOUR JOBS & YOUR BENEFITS!! THINK, PAY ATTENTION!! THE DEMS R USING U ONLY FOR YOUR VOTE!!! WAKE UP!!!
Its the Year 2, Ye.


Add*
So George Bush hates black people but Trump is ok? What???
I know you mean well but you're doing this the wrong way

Okay. I LOVE the way you’re displaying a lack of judgement.

I LOVE the way you’re aligning yourself with a hate monger.

#Love
there are good and bad people on both sides, liking Trump doesn't make someone a bad person, liking Hillary doesn't make you a good person.
Liking Hillary would either make you mentally unstable brainwashed  or just very confused thankfully she will never be President #MAGA
Nice empathy man. The point is to not call someone brainwashed and actually try to see their point of view.
I see their point of view and how stupid and wrong it is they're good people inside but  brainwashed by the globalist elite and the mainstream media real Liberalism died a long time ago and was never part of the DNC Hillary is an evil criminal
way worse than Obama something that should not be possible she stole the primary from Bernie Sanders and tried to steal the election too thankfully she didn't mange that If you're a democrat you should hate Hillary too goes to show how disgusting the DNC
you're one delusional puppy. best to leave Twitter again bubba
Calls for unity shouldn’t be considered delusional. Why do you say that?
We have more in common than you think. I too was once trapped in the mental prison you’re in. I would jump to attack personalities rather than ideas. We have no racists running this country. It’s a left-wing fear and smear job.
There you go again only attacking people, not ideas. You’re in a battle of ideas, and you can’t win with hate.
that's add.
what was trump's side of the story when he not only delegitemized the 1st black pres? he delegitimized every black person who voted for obama;  telling us 'what do we have to lose?  then picking sessions - that was our answer - beau's first order -end consent decrees.
If this is really how you feel (and not a roll out) then you're out of touch Kanye. When was America great in order to make it great again?
Empathy with someone who's bulding frontieres nears borders, trying to stop people reaching for America because they come from Muslim countries, provoced the World trying to nourish the conflicts in the promise land, what Fuck did you say, make music

The average Liberal disagrees.

You don't endorse love by endorsing hate.
stop
Trumps whole campaign is literally based on hate... have you not heard any of his speeches/seen his actions!!!
Kanye took classes at the Russian Troll Factory 
America was always great, #MAGA is a load of shit made up by shitheads.
An ad is something you watch on TV or read in the paper. Is that what you mean?
Kanye would’ve been telling the Jews to get past the past and just hear out hitlers side of things. (Nobody liked his art)
LOVE LOVE & HATE HATE @kanyewest
The Clintons are as Crooked as they come. They stole the plates and forks when they left the White House in January 2001.
Year one. Ha!!! Your God complex is adorable, baby darlin'. xxx
People might want to start with empathy for themselves and their families by saving the nation from globalism, the deep state and the military industrial complex. Thats what MAGA is.  Time to dispel the myth of right = racism and hate. It's a lie.  All welcome . ALL BELONG.
Loving that tax break i see

.coming soon. 

#StayTuned #NewMusic #teaser 
Does @Potus tweet that was in concert with #Q's timestamps yesterday mark the start of the new Age? Have we finally ascended from the dark satanic cabal that ran the world under the guise of democracy? Did we win??? #YearOne is a big statement and I KNOW you follow #QANON #TRUMP
