Bro don't you know how to crop your pictures?
Reach out to me and i can teach u. I have that same special gift. I see things that only God can vision. I will ssy crazy things that others won't. I answered the door for Jehovah withness when told not too. Im strange but i see good in everyone
H
Cafeterias by Yeezy
kanye you can download the pics from Dropbox you don’t have to take a screenshot
he needs me
Wtf are we looking at
2001: A Space Odyssey
Yes, I miss your old blog full of design and art references, you should bring that back, at the time it open my eyes for art and changed the way I see things.
Where is that?
Dang man, you stay copying Rick Owens

jfc crop your screenshots dude
IF PPL ARE AFRAID TO TALK ABOUT DEATH HOW CAN U ENJOY LIFE...LIFE IS DEATH AND DEATH IS LIFE
U have to focus on those that understand u and get them to open their mouths and support u in order to start change. It not the fault of ppl, they are Programmed
You are a gift and dont wrap yourself up trying to get people to understand u. U will never get the credit u deserve, u will never... ur like me we never get but ppl copy us and take their own credit.
The best people to learn from are the ones you think knows nothing..like @realDonaldTrump ppl think hes an idiot but hes not your average man. Smartness doesnt come from books its whats in ur heart
You can’t hear me Kanye bur if you do i’ll Share my Dropbox with you
Nice
Fool
People love lies they feed off fake news because its entertaining. Ppl are gonna die and soon as u mention it to them they get upset like u cursing them to die..end of convo, they say.
Minimalism is the GOAT
So you got a whole magazine with rectangular  cement "aesthetics" and put Yeezy on the front?
You are an Indigo Child - Starseed     Ps-tell Kim to put Manuka honey on her Excema. It will be gone quickly, it is amazing. Get the 20+ type.
No way is he an Indigo Child Starseed. This ain't even the real Kanye anymore. This is a mind controlled clone.
Actually, this is the real Kanye, the one who is no longer controlled.
What about...
be successful and famous, and then they are." It's all coming to light. I think something was up with Brittany Murphy & her husband. She was testifying about something.
Can someone please teach @kanyewest how to crop pictures. Thanks.
He doest have time its father to screenshot and send
If you hold down on a photo you are given the option to save it. 
I have a new respect for you!  Pretty damn cool u r
Modern design is abhorrent
Es tu casa? ? ? ? ?
dude you are so bad at sharing photos... you know you can crop em right?
Looks comfy.
Best time in a day
Donda needs me 
Can someone teach Kanye how to crop an image please

That's a house that screams 'warm, comfortable family home'
Love this!!
"I haven't done enough research on conservatives to call myself  1" U dont know shit about anything outside UR Me Bubble. Not what the admin has done 2 the the land, water, animals, brown people, gay people-the list endless. UR just another spoiled freak with no ties to reality.
Stay black. Cause we still niggas 
Is that the waiting room to the Sunken Place?  Lucky there aren't many in line ahead of you.
I’ll work there
Looks like a Dr's office ..Sterile & cold..
Looks like a prison.
does Ray Jay make you horny????
REACTING TO KANYES TWEETS
Sunken place
A
Super dope space.
is this your home?
very asian I am a Singaporean Interior designer http://www.eurasiandesigns.com  love your style xo
He needs you
Is this your house? Not kid friendly for sure. Looks cold and creepy
Is this 2001 a space odyssey
Cold and barren........
Dude do you not know how to save photos JFC
jaja qué feas las hueás que te gustan. esto es como un edificio cuico feo promedio de santiago.
Very proud of you for not being a slave of the dem machine

Where the rituals will be taking place. 
Bruh just share the link to your damn Dropbox
Beautiful and peaceful looking 
Hey Mr. West, 
Is this one of the pictures of your home?
Office start up
That room look cold as hell. And lifeless......
Wish to be part of the event. @kanyewest  hit me up South Africa   game
Where do I apply?


Wow look at all the monolithic furniture. You’re ideas are monolithic and empty.
Very sterile.
He is not allowed to have anything around that is going to hurt anyone..
this gives me OldBoy (2003) vibes
Nice Crib...You just need a Dog.
Nice Gaff you cho  @kanyewest
Is that where they take you for torture & debriefing? 
Mental ward
I feel calm when looking at this.
Now that’s a lunch room... can I work there 
STOP USING SCREENSHOTS! UPLOAD THE ACTUAL PIC THIS SHIT IS UGLY IF YOU DON’T
Simple I like it.

Dit lijkt echt op zon skeer lab op een eiland waar een super slechterik skeemed
Uhm
Kijk me username 
Daarop heb ik je gezocht loser
Ik ben gewoon trots oke

Just think that Meme was actually true. Instead of a donkey it was a white man.
Exactly,
A Democrat

is this your sitting room?
are u safe Kanye
Just looking at these pictures makes me depressed. Such a clinical, institutional environment can't be helping his mind state.
be honored to share my art with you
Got that Frank Lloyd Wright thing goin’ on Ye! 
Got that insane asylum going on.
Yeah, that too. 
Where is ur factory?

these places look depressing.
Look up Prager University! Many videos comparing Dems vs Reps. All 5 min videos, very compelling!
Omg!!! This is even more impressive!! The focus now shifts to the black tables instead of the plant on the white bench. You’re a genius ye!!!
I mean these are better than ugly Yeezy stuff so I'll take it
Money = smart 
Genie = wish
Hova = better
You = sad
Banging that shin
Kanye this isn’t Pinterest .
True definition of a nut job
This looks like hell. A white hot hell.
Like the first hunger games movie 


The Owner of Coachella Is Still Giving His Money to Pro-Gun, Anti-LGBT, Birther Politicians http://www.complex.com/music/2018/01/coachella-owner-donated-187-thousand-dollars-republican-party … via @ComplexMusic
WOW!  So beautiful !  Wish I could one day  be blessed like that 
I love this. Very clean and minimal, no visual noise.
Like an insane Asylum.
RtFOLLOW HIM! Please! https://twitter.com/lizcabrera55/status/989868435256631298 …
More like mental
Hey Kanye!!! I graduate today with my communication degree!!! If you still need someone to hire let me know 
Thank you King Kanye! America is behind you and we support you! 
Years ago I didn't understand why you spoke that President Bush didn't like black people.  I now understand what you meant.  You are ahead of your time. I can't wait for the future when everyone knows you were right on!
Beautiful.
What’s yo Dropbox nigga!?
is this your house
Buy ArtPop on iTunes
Hahaha
Another picture from inside his house
I'm sorry, you're not Him. They use you, be careful.
Bleak and dark like your soul
boring
#motherfuckingayfish
Pure Beautiful, Beast Mode love it! Clean lines, it gives off peace and serenity! You felt that to right! Yeah!
I Love Being Kicked Off Twitter...  But Because Of Kanye West?  Go Figure...  Power Comes In Many Forms I Guess...  @tanamongeau
More images of the sunken place?
You would know

Looks like a car park
God bless you and thanking you for helping DT and this world. We all need to come together!!
Whatever these building is ,it looks depressing to me
..... more Sunken Place picture that I will love to living in
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.


Definitely the sunken place.
Living it up with Kim K.  Too bad she wouldn't give you a first, let alone a second look.
yeezy furniture
So You love Brutal Architecture !?!!


You are mad



@marq_anna
Love your work, check out my paintings...can I send you a painting for free as a gift?  I’m homeless right now bc I’m smarter than everyone else
A E S T H E T I C S
Kanye in the manic stage of his Bipolar disorder. What a spectacle
Yeezy Store in the making?
Daaaang
Yeezy
Great snap kanyee ....
U wish u were a #visionary but u will never have #good #taste same with ur klan the #kardashians all #cheap and #petty #wannabes


Proof that LGBT people don’t have to vote Democrat either... Bravo!
The left will always end up eating their own words. They rally behind the flag of the LGBT and any other community when it suits them, but then lash out against those they don't agree with by derogatory slurs and innuendos that they were supposedly fighting to stop. Snakes
Whenz that trav and uzi track comin out??
can you help get it in this photo?

Who is that? Loving this rap.
The artist is J Cole hear him out and Kanye doesn’t hate black people he’s only confused he forgot who got him where he’s at now..... his fans
It’s just using his words as irony. I dont believe he does but he is playing one on TV.


A month ago his fans wanted him to run for president on 2024 now he’s trumps favorite African American and vise versa now days disappointment runs wild.
I was never a fan really. I felt he was imbalanced just like Tupac from the beginning. A cray genius but still cray. I was always turned off by his gigantic ego. It seems fitting that he likes Trump. Both have egos bigger than life and both are transactional attention incubus.
Hey, just want to say, stick with your gut, you're not wrong. The educated, the woke, will stand with you. Thank you patriot, fight the good fight #TheStormIsHere #Qanan
Received this immediately after that post. Funny, I didn't say anything against twitter rules, just against the establishment ;)
I'm I doing this wrong?
Wheeepaaatiii este tipo si fuma pasto no joda  lol
No Wonder you hv such awesome n brilliant ideas, love that space for meditation!
Alguien necesita un psiquiatra... otra vez...
https://youtu.be/Y9W_l0CPUzA  
Minimalist is cool. Have you considered investing in some art to go here and there? I don't tweet much but I just want to wish you and your family all the best. Fuck the haters and the media.  Just please don't overexert yourself ok? 

Go Ye!
Looks like an office in Westworld
But why cantvtrump supporters never name any of his policy's or what they specifically agree with trump on? Is because you like the racist rhetoric? Please enlighten us?
What is this ?
This screenshot nonsense is beneath you, Master West
There is a deeper meaning to these. See you were right he is a true master

