
He wants us to be wet 
You've obviously never seen Bruce Lee...

Kanye fans watch Rick and Morty.

Proteus.
Bruce Lee.

who are you
Kanye, is water wet?
Fool lol
"Be water my friend" #BruceLee #wisdom
BRUCE LEE SAID IT FIRST
ME TRYING TO BE LIKE WATER TIL JUNE

what does this mean im shook
fascist lover..!!..

Again?

When I get called in to work on my day off: https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989142253468708864 …

let's be like  OOOOOOOH WATAAAAAA !!! 
What's going on in kanye's head when he tweeted this..

Jokes on you I’m a DC Fanboy
Isn’t your daughter jewish?

Bruce Lee said it first
Mevlana mısın reis?
Underrated.
The adult body is 60% water. So really he’s saying just be yourself!  you did it again Ye
 I was busy thinking of a deep meaning of this, u found it man a genius 

Okay Bruce lee
kanye can say anything and y’all will still be like


R U ok

I don't know what this means, but its PROVOCATIVE!
.@kanyewest Wet... just like my wife Ava’s puss puss 
Natural juices
Asstreaks

LETS DROP SOME MUSIC
@POSESTRO 
He’s trolling me wtf
I deeply wish I could decipher this thought and understand so I, a simpleton could understand why Kanye wishes to become water. Perhaps because by turning his own flesh to water he might sustain others.
He is a gay fish after all
@rishasona
I’m like water 
Indeed. I got flow!
After review
Aye the fact that you clicked and listened is all I cared for. We can start the conversation from there 
I listened to 4. I was just talking shit tho. #KeepGrinding
Blessings! Thoughts or feedback?
Lol. Everyone is a racist. Typical liberal. Yawn.
there is difference between being racist and trying to make your racist and bigot views.. laws.!!! it's called fascism.. nazi's tried.!! kanye supports them.!!
No one is going to listen to an insane liberal like u who just calls everyone u disagree with a racist &/or fascist. U are just projecting your self onto others. Give it a rest. If u don't like living in a country with elected leaders, move to a dictatorship, that's what you want
You are me in 2016
Wet
@xWoter
Wtf are u laughing at

Talk ya shit Ye
Sounds good.
Let's be like human.
callate guey

I feel like you could lay a beat over your Tweets this week and drop a #1 single
Yes
Yo where I send my resume

you're private you freak
generally unavailable to the majority of poor people across the world? Hell yeah baby
You're so woke bruh
Bruh its a tweet bruh
I bet Kim sure wishes she could turn your water into ice right now. #ChillOut

That water really wet  @jonathonv23 @dd_4life20
Water is not wet 
Let’s be water*  -bruce lee
Crystallized water after being subjected to human emotion)                                            The memory of life arrived on this earth carried by the soul of water. From this memory, life awoke, the human being emerged... we are water & we control it’s memory.
#MyDragon
Somewhere Bruce Lee is really tickled by all this..... 
Unstoppable and when met with obstacles, back up, gather force and either push them out if the way, or run right over them 
This isn't even a Bruce Lee quote. It was a line he had to say in a movie. Makes it 100x less cool
Bacot
Bruce Lee showed the way 
@Bwaid_beats
Bruce Lee

Bruce Lee - Be water my friend...#TB12 already there Mr West
Ok let me get my sidekick in on this @dcwater
And flow
Na true my brother. Even Oga @felakuti talk am say “water no get enemy.”
Be Like Water: http://bit.ly/1WSa2ij   Eitetsu Hayashi & Shinichi Kinoshita - "SHI-BU-KI" http://www.wussu.com/laotzu/laotzu08.html …
Everyone will drink you.
So are we wet?
@mickjenkins
Lol facts

wet all day
Law 48
art of war

Wet
Drunk?

@kivislice
LETS BE LIKE WATER TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
@thiccwater_
wet
flow baby flow but just watch you dont start rustin up muthaz chromium yo.
Yes let’s all be like water, like TAOI WATER. #theartofinfluence #TAOIWATER
IM DIFFERENT
Water no get enemy.
FLOW
This that Alkaline Water for your soul
@Sandman2212 @MindofZubin
Stop drug bro!
contest alert!

First one to tell me what their favorite lyrics are from my album will get $200, dm me!!
Yes and hire me

fascist lover..!!...
fascist lover..!!
Bruce Lee vibes... Water 
pee pee
you must be shapeless, formless...
U good fam
WAVY?!?
let us guess the album title again
you just made me drink my water
in b4 deleted
Eden @Yeeedzy
before Kanye got a twitter I naively thought he was cool
And now u believe in yeezus?
Blood is thicker than Water.
in before kanye start posting memes.
trump is a fascist.. republican are fascist.. they are filling the   justice system with white racist men under 40 for life long seats a  record pace never seen in American history.. do  you know whats going  on?
Flowing through every path and making the inaccessible accessible.Shape our own path
@e_brizuela4
been on this for 2 years bro. I’m in the future. @g
You inspire me
@kanyewest I got a hell of a flow 
On it.
Wet!?!?! In short simply in some places!?!??! Or dirty, disgusting, and toxic!?!? Well this is you...so the later it is...Might I suggest a @KrisJenner clean up before you ruin the #Kardashians
Lol wtf
Pure like that


Plain and boring?
“Invisible” !?

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
I feel u bro waves never die @WowH2o
Yo Kanye, I love your music, your clothing line and the fact that you’re able to speak your mind and stand for your values. But all these tweets about politics it’s way too much. Don’t mix that shit with your fans. #wakeupmrwest
Best quote ever
Be water, my friends.
I think @kanyewest was real high on April 25.  Just blaze...leave the rest alone. K
Bruce Lee
Which type Evian? Highland Spring? Buxton? Please be specific Yeezy.
H2o
Only if I choose the vessel in which I fit in... #ShapeShifter
You don’t seem much like a Taoist.
If u put water in a cup it becomes the cup, if u put water in a bottle it becomes the bottle ~ Bruce lee
Lets not support a racist homophobic orange
...and FIND a way in.

Be formless
Wet? 

Ah no here we go again..
I honestly think kanye is on the greatest high every single tweet
Water is free
Wtf does that mean

#BruceLee
Gentle enough to fall through your hands but strong enough to hold up ships.
You gotta relax!!!!
Like this type of water?
Formless
I am water......they call me the Ocean
#Fluidity
@waterinc801
Bruce!
Cashapp me $1000
Water can flow or it can crash-@brucelee
Flint Michigan's water..
If this includes flushing you down the toilet I’m all with it
Water is alive....
wet?
Flow and crash like Bruce lee
Why the ?
Yes
stop biting Bruce
Circles on the water
WHAT??? Let be real
Even the Atlantic and Pacific ocean, don't mix 
BRUCE LEE
2 Be like water  ; Believe in it  Work with it’s role - benefiting You & All .. in millions of ways .. right from the tears to the sea water that tells it all - endurance,sustainability & form 
Read "The Color of Water".
Fluid
I'm not 100% if this is a Bruce Lee reference but if it is...crying emoji, nah ah, Bruce Lee holds more wisdom & talent than you will ever possess - amateurs mock genius' - Bruce was the Genius. You sir, are the Amateur.
http://Soundcloud.com/jmilblk 
water lives in a society, a society; it lives in it
Folks in Flint like
I rather be like air
Kanye, check out my page to my water company. Would love to speak to you about the 23 artesian alkaline water I purchased. Would love to talk to you and your wife about future investments in the water industry, it’s more valuable than oil!
Patient
Drink more water or you might die @mickjenkins
water does not support trump
We are we are solid, we flow freely through life then when our time is up we evaporate into the sky waiting for it to rain again
You already are, diluted!
Kanye stop
Weed
Flowing is automatic
Bruce Lee said it better
Bruce Lee flow, 
What
I think he means we should be clean and uh taste good 
Water has no taste
If you drank water regularly you'd know it does by different waters not tasting the same
I drink water regularly that’s the whole point of my skin care routine have you visualized clear skin?
