Yeah.. okay... tell that to the police next time they shoot an innocent brown person.
Or tell it to the officers in Dallas that are fighting for their lives or the one that was murdered by a "brown" man!
Girl bye
 bye!
Helo
Hallo how you
Trump's entire campaign is based on fear.
He's got no respect, hes lost more money than he's ever made, you listed independence in both categories so you lost me there, and he's not independent? his father pretty much gave him everything (which he lost most of). Finally, Most all of his business ventures are failures
Try and prove me wrong, cause these are facts not opinions (other than respect but most would back me up on that)
@realDonaldTrump presidency (not updated though)
You the real MVP 

If you want love why do you support someone who is all about hate.
Trump is pure love for everyone!
Except for the law.
What law? Be specific
Crickets
Yes Ellie! You caught it, very keen eye!

What obstruction?
If you are not using your account to bring iCarly to Brazil then DELETE IT!
This is an incredibly specific account and goal and I love it.

I suddenly really care about getting iCarly to Brazil
Think it’s time to #unfollowkanye
I never followed this guy...The guy is a punk!  #unfollowkanye #BoycottKanye #BoycottKanyeWest
This nigga
Kanye #MAGA #QAnon ALERT Trump patriot being attacked!!! FOLLOW Kanye @kanyewest Make some noise @realDonaldTrump And follow @chancetherapper he's riding with #MAGA now fighting with us. The DNC is a terrorist cell.. GET OUT NOW! @DNC @dncpress @Education4Libs @POTUS @LouDobbs
#StandupForKanye he’s FREE no chains, no hate, just love for his fellow man! Stop bashing him & start listening to what he & @RealCandaceO are saying! We are one & where one goes we all go! We no longer belong to the slave party. The Democrat party who has NO PLATFORM EXCEPT HATE
You keep repeating yourself. #Redundant
@ThePerezHilton losing all relevancy is so satisfying to think about.
I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)
Ok
No u
Mexican blood = aids





Tell Carmelo Anthony to move without the ball


We've got an expression in France : the world walks on his head. And it's totally appropriate for this !
STOP WITH THE FAKE LOVE KANYE
The struggle is real, Kayne.
Haaaaaaaa
Love u bro NO HOMO
Eww
Funny that Trump ran his campaign on fear. O God and he loves any person with a p*ssy.
Tell that to Trump..
FEARLESS
Favorite Taylor album and red 
Yay !
I love all her albums! Those two are my most played and speak now
Kim tried to save ur career
Alright I’m done with Twitter for the rest of today
Ok bye luc. Have fun with what your doing!
Tell that to Trump brother
Now You have Started Repeating yourself.
bruh 
   What is
have you seen donnie darko?
AH



then why u support trump that plays with fear? k
anyway love u man hope u good
Hahahah. You haters are SCARED to HEAR something DIFFERENT. Kanye is stepping it up for ALL. OPEN YOUR MIND just a bit to let some TRUTH IN #MAGA
Don’t be afraid to stray away from Dems who tell you Rs the racists cuz they want you to have jobs and fathers. Rs want to get drugs and gangs and rampant crime out of minority communities. Dems want to flood minority communities with illegals, drugs, crime and gangs. Ur choice
#MaazKhalifa
Like/repost my newest song!  https://soundcloud.com/itsmaazkhalifa/iwanna …
Buddy I’m gonna be  with you... that shit is trash
http://wealldeservepurelove.com  
Duuuude it's still a caterpillar!
LET YE BE YE!

IF @kanyewest wants to keep promoting #PureLove then we have to let him!

We all deserve it!!

http://wealldeservepurelove.com 
Soooo you just gonna say this shit and still support someone who's entire campaign was based on capitalizing off the fears of others???
Uhhhh someone please show Kanye Donnie Darko specifically the scene about Fear/Love

Waiting for the new fort skins

Couldn’t have said it better.
These guys have good ‘s

@eatBCH feeding Venezuelans with global currency capable of micro transactions. 

@Coins4Clothes clothing the homeless in #toronto #mississauga #GTA #Ontario 

#BCHForEveryone worldwide

$0.15 @tipprbot
I've transferred your tip of 0.00011185 BCH ($0.15 USD) to kanyewest! 

#BCHForEveryone #BitcoinCash
Received a tip? Want to tip? Usage instructions: https://reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index …

I'm a #BitcoinCash tip bot for Reddit and Twitter, allowing you to send Bitcoin Cash to other users easily. I'm coded and maintained by …

Trump doesn’t stand for love man. Not at all.
https://www.teepublic.com/t-shirt/2627960-make-ye-great-again?ref_id=5271 …

Fake
Ya think? Lol... #satire
Make it believable @GeorgeWBush is real
I am beyond proud of Kanye West. Such a unique, positive soul. So glad he’s back to expressing himself, his art, his truth. The world needs it.
yeah tell ya boi Donald that
“There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment. The one who fears is not made perfect in love.”
~1 John 4:18
New yeezys
stan Loona
Honestly brother
boy
Don’t pull that crap. Trump uses fear and bullying not love. 
If you’re seeking attention you got it. 
Why not plant a tree or donate to charity.
.Trump / Kanye

--> http://redpillphilosophy.com/trump-kanye-finally-someone-with-balls-2020/ …
better than your upcoming album:
Donald Trump wanted to ban an entire religion and made fun of a disabled guy.
Where do you guys come up with these stories? 
Media has been lying to the public for decades.
Research for the truth. 
Don't believe something you hear on the "news".
Trump called for "a complete and total shutdown of all muslims entering the United States". His words. 

You are truly deplorable, by the way.
From a "few muslim " countries until homeland or congress had a chance to put measures in place that would prevent criminals from entering.
Have you even googled Semion Mogilevich? Did you mean mob earlier as in the public-mob? Have you read about Trump's Russian mob friends? 

It's the opposite of love - Pure hate. They wash their filthy money earned in part from sex trafficking and drugs through HIS properties.
Do you love the suffering of other's Kanye? 

I have sincere and optimistic doubts that you don't love that kind of thing.


We're self-funded citizen researchers, who do collaborative work sourced from investigative journalism, intel reports, court docs, & other substantive material in the public domain.
Like this. https://cards.twitter.com/cards/18ce54mop0o/56oxw …

Are you serious with this shit??? You support a fucking monster that knows no love but only hate. Go preach to somewhere else!!
I’m getting good use out of this gif today.
Sorry haters Kanye done left the plantation! Join him! He is showing you the way
Bless up
You live in a fallacy
“Little children, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth.”
1 John 3:18 ESV
Don't be bullied for your thoughts we are all the same color INSIDE. Ask yourself??? Would BEN CARSON support Trump if he were bad or a racist? Ben Carson is the most upstanding man. That speaks volumes
LET'S DO IT KANYE!
Yet you celebrate Trump who almost exclusively operates on fear? What is wrong with you? Smh. You are like the slaves who would tell the other revolutionary slaves that “massa sho  do loves us” 
Beyond disgusted. Throw the whole Ye away.
I know your song lyric says “I hate the new Kanye” but I’m LOVING the new Kanye 
Ok man please do think and make what you want bc you’re free 
ariana grande is the only artist u can trust... so c’mon down and stream/buy her new latest single: No Tears Left To Cry! now available on all platforms
needed this today!
Sorry Kanye, I can’t love a racist wannabe authoritarian who has made it his mission to separate families, discriminate against POC and LGBT people, and remove himself from criminal accountability. Apparently you can though, and it’s disgusting.
Just like mr trump yah?
#decentralized and #MAGA could not be more opposite philosophies
 true @sarkodie
Tell Kim I said hey

Joker
Amen
Here here, I certainly disagree with a lot of your views.

But all the people cutting you out for not agreeing with them are wrong.

Divergent opinions need to have productive conversations for things to move forward.
Mitch that was truly beautiful
shut up anthony this is my child
Deep down in my heart i know you can hop off me
Kinda a weird thing to tweet after publicly supporting Trump four hours ago...
These are all photos taken by journalists...

That doesn't make sense considering how many people believe everything Fox News spoon feeds them.
Many folks turned off msm years ago. I took a little longer and it was 2016 election that destroyed any belief that msm could give a semblence of truth.
Lies! Rachel Maddow is more popular than Sean Hannity.
I cant stand either of them. Msm sucks.
This dude. #unfollowkanye
Aah I see, love is so bad you must unfollow hmm
No, no. Love is magical. I unfollowed this dude because he has become so tiresome, so hypocritical to me.
Kanye, do you think that Donald Trump moves in love? Do you see love in his actions ?
Let the Liberal Zombies hate. Stand strong!
Easy for you to say rich guy.
The left moves in hate and divide. Only those who agree with them are correct. Such intolerance lol keep it up 
No nigga
says u lMAO
I CHOKED
BAHAHAHAH
Jesus is love
Can you tweet out #LetsGoPens ?
Boss moves in Strength. No other way.
That’s right 
By supporting a president who had a whole campaign based around fear-mongering
Kim doesnt gear she really loves u
Not all will FEEL you; in your delivery. You might need to vibrate harder to elevate our people. Some frequencies are on ground level without even being grounded. Love you and your wifes' love for eachother. Never fold.
All I wanna know is if you think Bush doesn’t care about black people, how can you support someone who’s worse than Bush?  And is a clear bias racist. Who obviously don’t care about black People! Because he still ain’t said shit about the 4 dead black people killed @ WH

What exactly does Trump "do" that the Left disagrees with?  I mean except blocking their dreams of turning America into a European-Style Socialist wasteland?
Try telling that to your brother with the dragon energy that you love so much
@PurpleM
Ironic.... 
Seeing as how acts of hate have gone up....since trump took office.
but you support Trump so wtf are you even saying 
@FIexG0d
Yup

You have the liberty to say that, because you are rich and successful. You can spend your whole life avoiding the truth because of your status. While the rest of us have to fear the thug police forces who murder black, brown, and non-white. You won't get shot. You are in a bubble
I couldn't agree more! People love to gravitate, speculate, reverberate in fear! Swim above the currents and express the NOTHINGNESS of fear.. Don't let the chatter of the work silence your brilliant mind..
@_dannygrassi
Tell your President that
Love!
ti amo
#Love is the way #Yeezy @POTUS #unity
Wtf you want us to sing kumbaya and hold hands after you spent the whole day dividing twitter.  Ppl dissing on your family, ppl dissing on each other and their moms. Obama will go down in history as first while you will go down as another one.
Then quit supporting a fear-monger
Donald trump moves in fear tho 
Revolutionary thinker Man starting today, although I'll be honest I had no idea what you looked like or thought before today, and avoided the Oscars if I heard you were on it.  But now you have a true responsibility and a load of new followers like deplorables like me


Thank you Kanye!


And def not hate so stop supporting trump lol
Say that to the hate-filled, racist bigot you’ve decided to support.
TRUTH tO pOWER . aBOVE ^S bELOW . 100% *.* .|. *.* cHEERS\/PPP i!i . rESPECT . i!i ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ .A.V. . bASICeXxXPOSURE . !|i|! . ::: .A.V. : ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ !i! .|. *.*

Amen to that brother!
Better to be feared than loved...Machiavelli
WORDS
ARE LEGENDARY 
AND FOR
THE WISDOM 
THEY INSTILL IN MANKIND 
FOR GENERATIONS
AND DECADES TO COME,
WHAT WE DO
TODAY 
WILL SHAPE
OUR CHILDRENS FUTURE
ON THE JOURNEY 
THOUGH LIFE
SO MAKE
EVERYDAY
MEAN SOMETHING MORE THEN ABOUT YOURSELF.
#Covfefe 
#YourLifeMatters
#InGodWeTrust


Continuously
sorry fam, you picked the wrong president to root for with that motto
Where we go one we go all. #qanon #maga #KanyeWest @POTUS
Quote for the next stream @Mamodxx
#IgetSoConfusedWhen when i see tweets from Kanye
EVIL thrives and feeds on FEAR which is resonates at LOW VIBRATIONS. We MUST RAISE VIBRATIONS where LOVE  RESIDES.   We HAVE to move ahead if we are to SURVIVE.  #1LOVE

There is nothing to fear if your heart is, fixed, trusting in the Lord..

Let’s go Kanye my man
@kanyewest 2024 
@mcuban 2024
@Oprah 2024
Don’t let ‘em get ya down, Kanye. Why aren’t you allowed to express how you feel? And then they call Trump fascist?
The vibes is back
This is the new generation
Yhea so go and litsen to it 

Awakening ~ #QANON
Will @KimKardashian will dump @kanyewest ?
sound like your fans moving
After what you said ?
You gained a quality new supporter right here! Keep up the good fight and help knock people out of their programming. Together we can do this but only through love! Let's #MAGA!!!!!
Why are you backing an alt-right fear monger then?
 buy this is why we can't have nice things on itunes


I fear you the new Kanye
Kanye’s Draggin’ energy...

TOM!

What’s going on
Yes kanye is a #freethinker
Tg


Buy and stream “Chun-Li” by NICKI Minaj!
Is that what your buddy @realDonaldTrump preaches and advocates and exhibits? I don't think so. Your buddy is a conman through and through. He dwells in the realm of fear.
This whole thing definitely took a turn.
Trump's whole campaign is based on stoking fear 
Tell that to trump plz
Now that they’re bffs 
Trump is love, huh? Hahaha You and Trump embody your own gold digging song - we get it
Deep u iggle quiggle
you have the equation all wrong. it's not love and fear. it's love and hate. you seem to be siding with hate at the moment, kanyee.
Kanye! You are getting REAL supporters now! Hang in there! #maga is colorblind and you are beautiful! Thank you for being so strong!
Kanye,  when you have this many snow white republicans supporting you,  perhaps you should consider you are being used.  Jus sayin....I know white people.
Free Mexico.. make Mexico great!!
Really piss off these corporations..
trump supporters fear equal rights si bad that your people are being killed for holding a phone that looked like a gun to racist police officers
so*
LETS MOVE IN LOVE NOT FEAR TYPE BEAT
I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future. TYPE BEAT 
Kanye please just clear things up. I know what you mean but the people are confused.
Not confused at all.
Honestly stop trying to claim him tbh. I don’t care what your opinions are, but he said earlier that is he is not one of you. 

Cut it out and maybe listen to his music.
Don't let me get in my zone.
okay good work
Are you done yet?
cry. Ye speaks in love. Be yourself even if people don't agree with you
Obviously I agree lmao
It’s cool she has different opinions but Obama did nothing in office? Nah that’s just not true
hope your album FLOPS
at least he's got Kim and making that dough 
true
buy and stream no tears left to cry by ariana grande on iTunes!
no
sry can't do that when the president of the country im living in is against so much of what i am, what my family is, what my friends are, etc. :/
He's not against you guys lol
he's against women, against LGBT+, against ALL immigrants whether they are legal or not
