We’ve lost our inner child because they don’t let kids be kids anymore.
They start kids on these iPads from one year old. I see them in the restaurants pressing around at one. They can’t even speak but they watching Le Petit Prince at the dinner table!
There needs to be an age limit on this stuff. Honestly. I didn’t have video games til I was 7 or 8 cuz the stuff just didn’t exist.
Now they don’t even socialize. They’re talking through the Snapchat at 6 years old. It’s sad. It’s fake socialization.
You're lost aren't you? smh
Don't lose your dinosaur.
Kanye is Peter Pan-ing so hard!
Ugh!!! I have never really been the political type of person that goes around speaking on things until this year and I have to say it has been a wake up call that EVERYONE needs. It's crazy how quick u lose respect for those you've never met in life!!


Or we’re dying because we’ve lost our inner child TYPE BEAT
Drake - Nice For What REMIX  

like if you’re gay
like if you're sexually attracted to carrots
Like if liberals could resist being complete jerks for once.
Like if that has nothing to do with carrots
Thanks for proving my point. 
I'm a jerk for saying jerks have nothing to do with carrots?

Kanye on his phone like
The creative adult is the child who has survived ~Julian F. Fleron 
Abort the inner child
Stop trying to change individuals minds to your own liking.

This.

Children represent purity & innocence. They represent creativity & innovation as well. When we ”grow up,” a lot of us lose that and we lose our spark to create. Ever wonder why children are able to see/find an answer to a problem that we as adults didn’t see? That’s why.
They’re our future.

Highly creative minds all still keep in touch with their inner child. Look at @elonmusk and the late Steve Jobs. Let’s encourage the creativity in our children! #ourfuture
We get it. You're super rich.
We’re dying because organizations like Planned Parenthood are killing the inner child.
No we’re dying because we have crappy healthcare, violence, opioids, lack healthy food, poor education, social injustice #innerchild




he said: "Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Matthew 18:3
bro just shut up
Go hit the weights or sum bro
wyd big head
We’re all children of god
Im grown
Agree. Extremely important not to let that inner child fade away. With it will go wonder, optimism, uninhibited joy and endless curiosity. 
#ElfTheMovie 
"Reality is catching up with me. Taking my inner child but I'm fighting for custody". You sir are the greatest artist of this generation. We should all be grateful to have you in our times because you are once in a generation artist. From a true fan from India
This is deeper than it sounds these lines are from power kanye west song
38 y/o 8 y/o
Picasso said that he never lost his inner Child
Kanye, about to get some lunch. Which sounds better to you, sausage and peppers sandwich or turkey pesto sandwich? Thanks, big fan

Rainy play date
Grown folk business
...you've lost your damn mind.



Like if you black

Is everything okay hun ?
Good sweetie
I love my inner child! 
She is not missing.
It feels like our inner child might finally be found again with the excitement about the future with crypto, especially Dogecoin going to the moon has never felt this realistic except for when we were kids 
Why does it always happen to the best of us?
#wherespomp @APompliano
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
We’re dying because we don’t have healthcare
I thank GOD for giving us another genius artist.
well, the inner child usually dies early, but the moment we are born we start to die
I have not nor will ever loose my inner child. She is what keeps me inspired!
@shattawalegh
#GRINGO

It is hard for my generation (millenials) to rescue their inner child because they never grow into men. They understand little about responsibility and truth. Those two ideas are the only path to happiness and enlightenment.
This is for sure why
Give me 100 million dollars and I'll go hopping around handing out flowers and giving out free hugs and kisses too.
Pretty easy for celebrities to talk about fluffy stuff because their real world problems are behind them.
Whilst some of your posts are enlightening and thought provoking. I wish you would direct your personal statements to who they apply to most, “Yourself” If you feel this way don’t make blanket statements presuming everyone is feeling the same way, let people think for themselves.
Or living because we've hung onto our inner child...........
One must retain childlike wonder throughout their life in order to reach the highest level of enlightenment. Observing without judgement is the key... Just like a child 
.@pomp, I'm assuming he can't tokenize his inner child. :-)
Nobody looses it.  They take it from us
We were born to be courgeouse!  Proud of you Kanye  but Always remember to make God proud first.   If you were of the world the world would love you, but you are not of this world and therefore it will hate you.


#infintywar is like the highest grossing movie of like all time soooooooo I’d say no.
Because we're killing the child in all of us.  The child that wants to experiment, is fearless and inquisitive. The child spirit that must thrive!

They want to teach this to your 7-10 year old
https://www.facebook.com/SitOutProtest/photos/a.2124905151070013.1073741828.2124408737786321/2214926078734586/?type=3 …
Keep goin, nobody need yuh back

yes yes y'all 
Gotta #fight for it......custody
Angels...
Inner child.  Yup.  No bills or kids.   Bring the good old days back!!

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
we're dying because it's the inevitable. we've lost our inner child because we eventually see the coldness in the world and start suffering from things like depression and just really stop caring about everything.
and this
That’s why I did this 
No we're not dying because we lost our inner child. We're dying because we're lost in life. Strength is what we need not sympathy.
or may be there’s trump

Life's an inside Job
Our inner child is just living without anxieties
Buy artpop
#3MeKanye
Love you bro 
Creativity is just the kid inside of us escaping.
Have you even thought about how your inner child was lost?
can't keep up but please keep going
Lol.
You could help with that
Yea we can’t all be old Prunes
probably die of natural causes
Or we’re dying because we've lost our inner child TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Truth
KANYE GIVE BRAZIL ICARLY
CUSTODY
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
My boy i like that 
No, @kanyewest, we're dying because we do not acknowledge nor respect the God that created us.  We've lost the order of our purpose and meaning for order and human existence - one love!
The Eagles were right for many libs“ I’d like to find your inner child and kick its little ass, get over it”.
No dont worry you havent lost your inner child
In case of emergency dial 911
like if carly should be in brazil
WOW, I JUST READ THIS!! ITS THE MIDDLE SCHOOL CHILD!! THE GENIUS & IF #MaslowsHierarchyOfNeedsIsMet
HAPPY CHILDREN APPEAR, WITHOUT FEAR, WITH CONFIDENCE, GREAT MINDS & FIT BODIES, PREPARED SPONTANEOUS & READY TO LEARN MORE~LIKE A SPONGE! ITS NOT EITHER-OR!! ITS #BothAnd!!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump & US!
TRAINED UP IN THE WAY WE SHOULD GO, AS CHILDREN & WHEN WE GOT OLDER...THE BIBLE SAYS WE WILL NOT DEPART FROM THOSE TEACHING! IT MEANS, MIDDLE SCHOOL MATURITY & RELIGION #CompleteUs!
HEARING SCRIPTURES!! BibleBelt, Church, Convo..
SEALS Us FOR LIFE!
THE INNER CHILD NEVER GETS LOST!! MINDFULNESS, RETREATS, NATURE, OCEANS, LIST WHAT U LIKE TO DO & REGULARLY INCLUDE IT IN UR DAY..THEY'RE BACK!
INNER CHILDREN COME OUT & PLAY! 
GOD BLESS US TO GET QUALITY FUN TIME, MUSIC, ART, SPORTS/GAMES, DAY DREAM, YOUR 1ST LOVE~U & GOD! #PRAY
sure
A society that deems it a right to kill a child in the womb for any reason, has sacrificed it's inner child for sexual liberty.
Not all. I had to deal with the inner in order to survive. I am now just me and unashamed to be me!
Even tho ur a lil weirdo I still love you @kanyewest an still will vote for u as president.
:,(.
That or from cops killing us 
Us?! You are very pale in your profile pic.
laugh a little more
Honestly people have been lost so long that we dont even know who that inner child is anymore .. it's something that would be amazing to think free like a child and not have the blockage of adulthood to muffle you
Along with common sense
This I would never lose. They tried to kill it! But this, I would never lose.
Some people were assholes as kids, JS.


no
Thanks Ya....!!!
Truth. The affective skill of Playfulness needs to be taught, embraced and carrying forward throughout life. I.e., homePLAY, PLAYshops, PLAYING not working, PLAYGROUND not work, et al.

If you don’t lose wonder and believe and seek the magic in the world, the child in u will never be lost 
We have to be childlike to enter the kingdom of heaven..it’s a parable
Reality is catching up to me trying to take my inner child but I’m fighting for custody

We’ve lost our faith in God

Reality is catching up with me, taking my inner child Im fighting for custody
Yes! On point!
But the all child isn't good éducation ans she's are very indiscipline
I think adults live when they lose their inner child. They become fully their adult self. However, adults can be childlike but o am all for losing the inner child as an adult. I think we still have the memory of our childhood which contains useful wisdom for us as adults.
The question is, do you know how you lost it?  Do you know why you keep repeating patterns over and over... and how to change the wiring that keeps you repeating behaviors you want to get rid of ...

I just wanna be somebody one day
Facts
it's being poisoned
And how do a people lose their "inner child"?  (This question is not rhetorical)
It is never lost completely. It hides in the corners of our heart and mind, peeking out at a moments notice when given the chance.
Just had that y’all with my mom I literally asked her what is her passion I’m 27 and I’ve never known her to have one I asked her what was it that you wanted to do as a child...and I told her to get back to that.
I've written about the inner change d in my book. Would love to send you a copy. In box me where I can send you one!
The inner child is the joy of discovery. When you stop being a child you stop learning and then see the world as an unknown scary place.
That too
I’m a child at heart and will always be I think it’s your inner child that has died Mr. West
we are dying because we have the definition of death in our mind and we all believe we are mortals. We are the ones who have chosen material and mortality and there are others who have chosen morals and immortality, ( this concept is in energy level of course... )
How do you apply at Yeezy?
It so true family are rule by drinks and drugs now these kids are so material about that family name brand  shoe it parents fault.
Yea because we got kids & gotta pay bills
your  new pal donny trump Is his inner spoiled brat!! and one CRAZY SOB to boot

you didnt notice
I can’t retweet/like this enough .
We didn’t have time to enjoyed it!yeah.. it all happen so fast!
http://www.adultchildren.org 
WTF ???

600million boxoffice this weekend suggests we aren’t growing out of our inner child. Please tweet sober.
So true, so true. From Hawaii
It def helps to know him/her
Your thought tells you that..your inner child will always hold on
or inner city children are dying bc your latest celeb crush @realDonaldTrump doesn't care about black people. wake up, mr. west
This world and it’s experiences will open your eyes. I wish I could get my innocence back
Miles strange clouds looking onward forever b/c im chillin w @MileyCyrus Miley Miles Keny Mont
Heal & reconnect
The light from my inner child is dim.
I think white cops killed a lot of inner children.  Who's your therapist? This is very 1980s psychology.
Kanye, death comes from the rebellious separation between the Lord and the person He created. Our souls are blinded and our spirits are roaming aimlessy through life. Ultimately, it's not about religion - it's about relationship with the Lord that leads to eternal life. Beautiful
Ive lost parts of mine because it was necessary, most peeps these days just let it all go because they are weak, no respect.
100 percent !!!
Is that why they call us adults?
Please get help. Get Out!
You are 40. Whats happening to your inner grown ass man?
go away
Continue to travel your journey my brother and don’t let people control you.  They don’t realize it, but they are seeking to control you in ways they would never want to be controlled.  This is America, we are free to speak and free to think!
Lmaooo never lose your dinosaur

Shut. Up.
We're dying because we threw Jesus Christ out
Only you buddy. Only you.
https://youtu.be/8x61eCCUhxk  hhhu 
True
I had an ice cream today.  My chubby little inner-buddy is still there.  #BlueBell
Speak for yourself.  You are supporting killing "US" or "U.S.".
But what if you're childhood was taken from you... and so you don't know what it means to even have an inner child...
No we ain’t. We dying because zombies eat meat. And destroying our planet 
