I can't believe you said this about Kim!
No
yes
WHAT DOES GAGA KNOW ABOUT CAMERAS
Why is everyone saying this Sis explain

When he says "GAGA"
Kanye. Shut up
no u
gottem
both of you shut up and stan LOONA
me what? i already stan LOONA
I wasn't expecting kpop related tweets here lmao
you know I had to do it to ye
DAMN! What happened to “College Dropout” Kanye?  “Late registration” Kanye? “George Bush don’t care about black people” Kanye? The “At the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the Sit in’s, and with that in my blood I was born to be different!” Kanye, “All falls down” Kanye
Right! Its like a completely different person. We are supposed to change for the better. man... I miss the old Kanye so much.
Looks like he is changing for the better. He is thinking for himself.
This is family business Brother.
Kanye is American and a human. He (and I and everyone else) are ALL family, brother.
I agree we all the same but unfortunately not everybody believes that. Kanye is most definitely trippin right now. I don’t know about you but I like a lot of people who are upset grew up on Kanye, and what he stood for. He was my idol and I’m disappointed
Most ppl believe we are all the same. Technically over 73% of Americans HAVE to believe that (though sadly you are right, many prob don’t). As Christians (Catholic, Protestant, etc) we know we all came from Adam and Eve, so we are all Family.
I dont believe we come from Adam and Eve personally, but I do believe that we are all equal no matter who you are, where you from, or what religion you believe in. To me we’re all brothers and sisters so as Kanye brother I’ll going to say he’s bugging out. And call it like See it
Don't you love how the left instantly hates on Kanye for actually thinking and not just listening to the fake news?
I ain't mad at him for 'thinking,' he's been doing that for years. I'm mad at him for openly supporting a piece of human garbage.
Human Piece of garbage? I'd like to know your reasoning.
Amoral, degrades women, cheats on wife, attempted trans military ban, attempted Muslim ban, supports stop and frisk, anti-intellectual, bully.
Stop and Frisk: Despite what Hillary says, It does work, NYC is in shambles right now and that is what we need to fix it, ever wonder why all of the big crime cities have a dem mayor?
Anti-Intelectual: What? 
Bully: What?
NYC crime has declined for 27 straight years and is at historic lows. I guess I can't expect a free thinker to know what the fuck they're talking about.

Also in response to the 'whats,' I assume you have never heard him speak? Or read his tweets?
I don't think he's either a bully or an anti-intelectual, and Like I said, I'm mostly concerned about how well this country is doing, not how nice the guy running it is.
Okay. Then I assume you supported Obama, because the country had an amazing economic turnaround from the great recession under his leadership, as well as more deportations than any other President?

Irrelevant anyways BUY ARTPOP for good grades, clear skin and beauty & ull find $500 under ur bed tonight
I like some of the GAHGAH songs, but what the fuck does she know about cameras?
"How's it going?"

""

"You alright?"

""

"WTF... ARE YOU OK?!!"

""

"I don't think we can speak anymore."


Xjhdhdh yall so fast
bro i cant beleev yuve dun that 
I love you more 
omg we HAVE to talk about that hat 
Bro delete ur twitter again please
Why should he?
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Lightning McQueen blew a 2 lap lead at the Piston Cup
Why did u have to go and remind me....
Enjoy your twitter moment through Friday. People will stop caring come Saturday!
Y'all feel left out?
You lost 9 million followers. L
You have less than 500: L

You probably count others pockets too huh? Go lay down.


HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
I’m voting republican for the very first time in my life and no one can stop me.
ok mr. restricted account/ bot
I’m not restricted nice try. I’m real. But doesn’t change the fact that I’m blk and supporting DJT
Kanye, you’ve obviously got a lot of guts to say things that are pro-Trump...

... but do you have the guts to to apologize to Taylor Swift for your racist stunt in 2009?
Yes, racist.
his apology was creating the album of the decade.
Kanye West Supports Donald Trump: Sign and Share the #BoycottKanye petition. https://www.change.org/p/kanye-west-boycott-kanye-west …
Hahaha ! Goodness . Bless your heart .
The #MAGA hat and the freedom to think is what Makes America Great. Thanks Kanye West!
Ye's the man. If you dislike him because he likes Trump, you might be the problem.

What’s more important is he’s crying out for help while the worlds egging him in I’m begging him to stop it... false prophets
I’m going to guess you’re white


 guess that’s a yes
you listen to Logic and hate white people

Hey Keith SMDFTB
can u just drop the uzi and trav collab


.Trump / Kanye: http://redpillphilosophy.com/trump-kanye-finally-someone-with-balls-2020/ …
Trump x Yeezy collab summer 2018

@kanyewest is making a sacrifice inviting so much hate unto himself by making  peace with those in power & securing power for himself in   the near future to help the same people that are hating him right now. it's a  time for desperate measures and he deserves our faith for once

Like if you would vote for Kanye
Love the hat Kanye. I have one just like it! 
Loyalty above all else
No one will see this but when I'm home alone I watch a Rodeo concert and rage along with Travis.
Tu pac seeing this rn in Cuba like

Pac proud...he was a thinker
Proud that Kanye openly loves an alleged rapist, misogynist and racist person that encourages violence and brags about the littlest achievements? Must be a different Pac.
Is it true you just lost a few million followers? Twitter does this sometimes to stifle people who aren't leftists. #AnimeRight supports you being woke!
We're all in this together brothers and sisters. 
Let's show @kanyewest some love.
Group chat is whiling too
No! No! No! 

Don't be arrogant-Ye doesn't carry @POTUS supporters. @realDonaldTrump won the election w/o @kanyewest! He won it through his ideas of #MAGA and the #WE THE PEOPLE who are independent thinkers and share similar dreams! Not because Kanye says so!
Where was his fandom and support for @POTUS when The train left the tracks? 

truly being a free thinker & genuine isn't abandoning your beliefs when it's convenience & then readopting them to suit a strategy/ or need at a preplanned time. 

Sketchy
nigga if you don't out my mentions
Tracy was the one who opened up the conversation between Kanye and Ebro that resulted in yesterday’s “I love you” phone call.
Me watching all the banter over Kanye West today! #kanyewest #yeezy
Thanks for being REAL Kanye. Too many celebs just follow the mob mentality so they don’t lose support. If you haven’t noticed, since your support for @POTUS twitter has been fluctuating the amount of followers you have. Welcome to the club of suppressed thought!
#Qanon #KAG
if u wondering abt the gif:
you need to get help
BREAK THE CONDITIONING KANYE 
OMGGGG KANYEE!!!!!!!!
make sure to buy and stream #NoTearsLeftToCry  legends

iTunes  http://apple.co/2F2nsVQ 
Apple Music  http://apple.co/2F1VU2V 
YouTube  http://bit.ly/2vx5ueN 
Spotify  http://spoti.fi/2J9VAle 

Twin towers of twitter terror!!! Dragon Energy + Infinity!!! @POTUS #Qanon #MAGA
Thank you for exposing the Left for the TRUE Fascist they are.
Keep the fire hot, High Energy!!! #Qanon #MAGA

SCREENSHOT OF KANYE WEST TEXTS TYPE BEAT
I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future. TYPE BEAT 

Pretty damn excited about the #USA right now!! Here’s my little #litebrite tribute to @realDonaldTrump @POTUS retweet if your with me! @KidRock @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @FoxNews #sotu #maga #usa …
Maybe you should learn something that Trump hasn’t and. Stop. Tweeting.
You can't silence my boi.

#MaazKhalifa
Like/repost my newest song!  https://soundcloud.com/itsmaazkhalifa/iwanna …
Like if this dude’s music is trash
Gained 10 million new 1s

“I’m starting with the man in the mirror. I’m asking him to change his ways...” you know the rest  #freedomofspeech
Real friends call us out on our bullshit.
Smfh. Such a sad day as a past Kanye West fan. Soooo damn fucking sad
I have to appreciate the cajones it took for you to say it publically.
That's what i'm FUCKING talking about Kanye. Don't let them tell you how to think. You aren't left, or right. You have individual view points. Good shit. The mob won't accept that.
No
Break the chains #ThoughtPolice #kayne2024 #MAGA2018 #qanon


Ain't nothing wrong with the hat


Kanye please for the love of god tell us youve just been trolling this whole time
Troll the Trolls
Kanye forgot to take his meds..

It’s been nice knowing you (musically) bro but I’m off u. Later *youll just have to rake my word for it that this is my own independent thought n reaction #songsdeleted
He learned how to screenshot!!! @JordiTell108
You’re gonna regret this man.
Does Puerto Rico have electricity?
“You ain't never seen nothing crazier than. This dude when he off his Lexapro”
stan loona
no
You're a sucking up to a rapist who thinks black athletes should be fired for expressing their free speech. 

You are Uncle Tom.
he fruity for using that monkey emoji, u goofy for wearing that hat
@ConnorLoghry @Dawalabe

MAGA hat. 10 million unfollows. Ouch
Make sure u perform at Trump's next inauguration.
#staystrong
You're soon gonna have to carry that cross and walk, Kanye... Hope ur prepared.



Wake up Mr. West!!!!
If there’s one thing Kanye has taught over time, it’s to think for yourself. If you’re still reading/looking for guidance from his tweets in 2018, he’s either failed or you didn’t get the message.
Welcome to Patriotism!  
DRAGON ENERGY! END MENTAL SLAVERY!
Leave Twitter pls
#kagYE
Way to go @kanyewest. 

Glad you’re not backing down.

The West has to break this ‘everyone is a victim’ mentality.

Lit!!!
trump supporting garbage
Stream froot on itunes
imagine 04 kanye producing a hot album!!

That's what you get on this project but I bet you guys wouldn't listen because yall are afraid of lyrics...
The assumption by people that you are only supporting Trump because of a mental illness is unironically racist.
“It’s just a hoodie”
Who wanna play a game of tic tac toe?







I don't send monkey emojis? Smhh

Stop normalizing tRump!
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control
Bro.........Stop. Don't sell your soul to sell records. The market you are tapping into is not interested.

DROP YOUR ALBUM IN MAY BRUH
The publicity he is getting from these tweets is insane, and the people who don't agree with what he tweets about are fueling the fire, getting him more attention.
yeah but he went from 27 mill to 18 mill followers
True, but whether it's positive or negative it's still attention. It just isn't going well for him lol
good point
I feel all these people he's been posting conversations of are now members on Yeezy
.Kanye has bigger balls than our entire Congress or Senate ....
Bunch of paid off crooks
Stand strong in your convictions. Keep telling the truth. It shall help set everyone free.
Kanye is a @realDonaldTrump supporter?? What did I miss??
@WyattSanders
Trump/Kanye tie line
The fire rises
Time for a new hat, #MAGA 2020!
You are the key to stopping crime in the inner cities so please stay strong and fight for the cause. You are truly a independent thinker! I’m buying your albums now. Keep doing the hard work.
Kanye got the Juice now
Kim ain't no damn good, letting you go on this career suicide mission. Then again, it's a classic Kardashian move to let the man hang themselves, after supplying the rope. This man needs his old life back and a good PTSD (PKSD in his case) counselor.
#Pray4Ye 
#NoKanyeKardashian
Ppl just dont realize that by making america great again it includes all colors of people!!! Dumbasses!!!
Just thinking of all the real people he told to eat shit today.  Ain’t no returning from this and I hope we never hear another word from The Black Conway
Your mother is rolling in her grave. 
This isn't what our parents fought for.
Wish I could rock this hat
BURNTHEHAT
You are a very cool guy Kanye.. very inspirational.
Haters are stuck in their mental prisons
Bro.... you making it really hard for me to defend you.
Bro dont put pac's pic in ur convos he would have literally spat on u sell out
 at least ya peoples letting you know
Kanye West doesn’t care about Black People. 

im so disappointed
he's literally bragging about alienating his closest friends and family members to own the libs lmao you cannot make this shit up bruh
you’re now something like a puppet to what master idk but damn Ye

This man trying to save you right now you need to holler at him ASAP! Stay away from the light my Nigga!  You’re on fire right now!!  You’re a legend in my eyes, don’t go out like this!

Figures you’d egg trump on when he’s doing some of the more serious damage
LOL
i love how all of twitter is just gleefully watching a mentally deranged man light himself on fire
Please run for office
this stream of tweets is absolutely chaotic and i love it. let's see what happens next
Beyoncé & Jay- Z >>>>
so what did you mean about tht chocolate comment you made to JESS??? I hope not what ppl are assuming  cuz if so I know ur momma turning in her grave
I love when @kanyewest is back in the twitter world
 Listen to Fre$co x 500 Benz Freestyle  .mp3 by Fres Da Poet Dcmg #np on #SoundCloud
Shame on you, sir. Your Mom would beat your ass.
buy and stream #NoTearsLeftToCry   

iTunes  http://apple.co/2F2nsVQ 
Apple Music  http://apple.co/2F1VU2V 
YouTube  http://bit.ly/2vx5ueN 
Spotify  http://spoti.fi/2J9VAle 

Where I Come From (Official Music Video)
https://youtu.be/uD5HTb8EgDg  
KANYE YOU ARE AN INSPIRATION! YOU ARE GREATER THAN MLK!!!




You're setting the Twitter on fire like Trump

4 in the morning I'm zoning


You and Trump are a match made in heaven. Both bloviating nutjobs.
Stop

Fr
Lol what's your problem
Uyanxola man, uyadika!!
Lol but I don't get it at all yaz, y'all just want him to like your favs?
You're missing the point babe, idc about his views, my issue is that uyanxola. 
Lol ohh my bad then if that's the case
would tupac actually approve
Girl is this who I think it is @desireeacostaa
who gave you a phone and access to twitter?

You just lost 10 million fans mate
What happened to you Kanye
Kanye best heel turn since Hogan at Bash at the Beach in '96
What does she think of you posing with a guy who's holding up a white power hand signal?
sus
Soft

Why you posting our convos Ye
Lol I would get annoyed chatting with Kanye, imagine typing a paragraph and getting only emotjis as replys.
@travismills ?????
#KanyeRockedTheMAGACap 

The more he post the more retweets & likes he's getting, He's eating it up & he will capitalize on it in someway
Dear Kanye, Thank you for standing up for freedom and love above all else.  You joined the right team and together we will make America great again one painful step at a time.  Everyone in this country deserves their American dream not just a chosen few!
That monkey emoji got y’all looking sus 
What’s your number?  We have a few things to discuss.

'I'm mean'
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Fear of free thought
@drikacustodio_ q
#YoQ
@travismills ?


Open your eyes to $ELA #ELASTOS Kanye!

