The sunken place is mental, not a house. The fact that you don't understand this tells us everything. It has nothing to do with wealth.
He was joking. it's not that deep. he know's a mental state, come on man smh
Was he joking here, too? GTFOOH.
I'm not understanding your point here haha
Exactly.
What do you actually consider "the sunken place" apart from you know...it's from a movie and nobody said those words till Get Out came out 
Lol we didn’t know what to call the sunken place until the movie came out

Lmao!!!!! I hate y’all

and you know it....
I love your handle. 
(Check my cover photo.)
ha!
Yes
WASH YO HAIR
Ironically that’s the day I went to go get it washed smh
It actually does  LMAO
YES!
it do bro
i meaaaaan yes
shameless promo
idk if this makes sense but this what an unseasoned house would look like https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989163475636142080 …

This is so eerie. It looks like a high-end mausoleum...
Matter of fact...yeah it does!!
A hospital hallway comes to mind. Is it time for another visit?
Yup

You’re so sad. Posting pics of your mansion to validate the ignorance that comes from your mouth. Nobody is impressed, people form opinions everyday and don’t need a “lifestyle” to rely on.
This deserves an AMEN!!!

Ummm, yah kinda
Every man that deals with a Kardashion  sooner or later have bad luck 
Yes. Yes it fucking does. Fckin white heaven bro how do you not see it
Well. It's very White.
Looks grey. Take off your Shaun King victim glasses and get a new prescription
Do you not have any stuff ?
WELL......This is awkward .....
Funny how Jay-Z and Beyonce are drifting closer and closer to the power of their blackness meanwhile you just can't see how far out at sea you really are.
I believe this is one of the main reasons they distanced  themselves from him.
He also owes JayZ $
Actually yes if you think where you physically are is actually where you are. Psh
"Does this" - not "do this".  (The teacher in me coming out).
Kinda reminds me of a church but I know you ain’t with that 
Yes it “do(es)”

Shoot, well if it is, screw an invitation I’m on my way 
@JoshWilly_ @Longley_Owen @kieran_hughes22 @_immyman @livv0802 ???
Nah, too bright
Speak English much?
Yes.
RIGHT??? For someone who allegedly went to art school, he clearly doesn’t understand design psychology. There are very real reasons art museums look like this (and why we don’t live in them).
What are some of the reasons? I’m very intrigued by this. And intuitively it kinda feels right. I mean, look at that corridor.
I’ve been out of school long enough that I’d have to really go looking for the sources, but the gist here is that Ye’s house invokes a very specific type of 20th century modern art museum. The extreme modernism is designed to create a blank canvas for the work.
The way even the furniture blends into its surroundings? It’s designed to recede into the negative space, allowing the art to fill your perception.
And here, with the stucco and archways, he draws on some Spanish neo-gothic monastery influence. In a religion context, this is designed to draw you to the altar at the end of the hall. In art, it is again using this concept of receding to focus your mind.
All of this works incredibly well for a museum. It allows the works to breathe. In a museum, the brain has something to focus on. And you’re only there for a brief amount of time and for that specific purpose.
But the brain is a funny thing. If you remove the art, the thing your brain is focusing on, and just leave the negative space, and leave it there for every hour of every day, the brain starts to fill in that negative space on its own.
The architecture is beautiful but it looks so incredibly sad. I hope the kids rooms are at least decorated. Having worked in mental health colors play an important roll in our overall feelings. That’s why people get more depressed in the winter, less color. @KimKardashian
#sensorydeprivation
Do this? Oh lord his far gone.
Actually it does
Yes. Yes it does.
Does.
Yes
Looks like an asylum
It does look very white 
Yes this look like wypipo hallways lol
You’re propagating racist. You let a dude sling around you while making the white power  sign. You’re letting white nationalists use you, whether you realize it or not. Yes, that’s the sunken place.
looks soulless and vacant. ring a bell?

It look like the halls of a psychiatric ward....
Yes.
Yes it does.
If he has things going on...I'm going to take the high road as I'm trying to help people. I realize I may be stepping out on this one, and may receive some hate responses but I respect something maybe going on. Am I out of line on this?
Something is definitely gong on...
He's an artist...so either something's going on or he's marketing. If the former, I'll pray for him if not... shame on him.
I will say (& you may disagree) I do believe that people are entitled to an opinion & that people shouldn't be attacked verbally or physically for that. So I do agree with him there. Whether I agree with people or not, we all have our own opinions & should respect regardless
However I'm not a fan of controversial statements for sake of marketing. So hopefully it's more about stating an opinion, or something going on. Agree to disagree and respect, w/o hate. Ok, I'm off my soapbox. 

DOES THIS LOOK LIKE YOUR UNEDUCATED OR IS EBONICS?
Yeah it does
It looks like the hallway in an Insane Asylum!!
Midas Touch.
Does
nigga have u seen the movie?
The irony 
It kind of does.

Aye mannnn
I’ve seen hospitals with more warmth.
I mean kinda
Damn you live in this
Yep.  It does.  empty, lonely, and lost
It kinda do.
It does look rather hollow, and empty....and white, very very white...
Does not do....God he is even speaking uneducated like trump now
No it do not
It do look a bit like the Hotel California tho.
Sort of...
The architecture is lovely but it looks cold & barren.
Yes
Question for the men and ladies if you go there:
Could you marry and have a child with a woman that has a sex tape and poses naked every chance she gets?
The internet has me on the floor crying  right now
Why
Actually, it looks pretty pathetic.  If you're trying to impress thump, better get some gold to cover EVERYTHING.
Kind of looks like a house to me. #housenegro
I mean, you let the dude throw a white power sign right in your face ....
breast lift and liposuction coming soon. Sponsored by @realDonaldTrump @kanyewest
He is mad ashy in this photo.
He sure is gal
I mean...it looks familiar fam

Boogers
Actually...
It does not look like a sunken place, it looks like a psychiatric ward.
Actually it does fam

*does
Lmao
Mane that look like where they take you and ritualistically cleanse you before you are offered up as sacrifice.
Money, talent and intelligence are NOT interchangeable.

It looks like a manic episode in the sunken place. A fun house version that makes you think you have all the answers. I hope, for your kids, you learn compliance.
I mean ... it DOES, to be honest.
• You got the whole ‘Black Museum’ vibe going on.
• However, Psychologically, you’re finished.
It looks institutionalized ... comon, add some color!
It looks like you spent a whole lotta money on a whole lotta nothing.
No it doesn't look like a sunken place.

It looks like a mental institution.

....a really nice one though.

...that has REAL Jello Fridays.
It actually does
Does! Does! Please learn to speak English!
What is it rehab? Psych ward?
It looks like a mosque without any Allah
Kanye is gone.  My condolences.
Kill him joe
Back u always xoxo
The sunken place is where your soul would be, dirtbag...
*does
Ignorant people who label themselves as “geniuses” are truly entertaining. Thanks for the reminder. #MAGA
Republican politicians love to use “trot-out” niggz when it’s politically profitable for them as individuals. But to the GOP base their supporters, you’re still a monkey. Black celebs; don’t fu** with Republicans or the NRA, you can’t win.
Parece el escenario de una de Seijun Suzuki en verdad.
Actually.. kinda
@elicenia38 he says on that song Blessed with Big Sean “and my hallway lookin like a monastery I’m blessed” 
Your home is way too cluttered.
Your one liners kill me 
 can’t help myself!

Like kinda
yes
Yes actually. #getout
So being wealthy somehow puts you on their team?
You can tell he has a album coming out
EXACTLY! he has been MIA until now just like before the last debuckle TLOP came out; and it flopped. His career is done. Kardashian curse. He has become a clown for the media....sad!
Ehhhh Sunken Place adjacent 

Dig, if you will, a psycho -

So, material shit gives you value as a person? I taught you where all about helping people out, like people in Chicago!
#Ignorantwannabe
Yes.
Is that the inside of your head?
It looks like when you bout to kill the last main enemy in any Assassin's Creed
Lmao got me wondering how the rest of the House looks
@IKal95  σπίτι ορ μπετά ?

Can you not even speak English? Take a class or go back to school you are setting examples for the children watching and listening to you
Step up your game -even a rapper can be taught how to speak

Yes nigga it do
It looks slippery tho
No, but it does look kinda cold and clinical and lonely...
Actually yes....looks pretty bleak
Looks like a mental asylum to me
It looks cold, heartless a place no one would want to be.
Looks like a place where souls go to die.
Kinda like your head....Empty.
Yes it does look like a sunken place. No color, no art, no photographs..nothing that reflects humanity. I bet it has huge mirrors so you can see yourself. You need to do rehab again man..you are jacked up.
Ummm I may not live in a mansion... but that just looks like a sad mental hospital. (No offense to the real mental hospitals) which at least they’d have the hang in there poster with the kitty. Or some color.
It looks terribly sterile and impersonal.
Looks like church where you need to be #IMissTheOldKanye
No art on the walls. No color. No plants. No furniture.  No life.  It’s depressed. Void. Empty. Lifeless. Hollow. Yes. It’s the Sunken place.
100% actually
No art. No photos or loved ones. No furniture. No pet hair. No fucking color!

It looks extremely depressing to me.

But, you do you.
Yes.

The sunken place is coonville.

That looks just like it.
Your tweet normalizes a man who has spent years savaging others. His campaign was about hate, division, fear and bigotry. His policies/cabinet appointments further that agenda. He demonizes immigrants, Muslims, Blacks, Mexicans and all who disagree with him. Trump ego was fed.
yeah
*Does. Such a word smith you are!
White superiority tweet @kanyewest use of language. He better than black folk.


Um, yeah dude. It totally does.
The sunk palace...
@LaNeca321 these comments killing me
I think Kanye is referring to the symmetry of Art, and how this represents a cathedral of sorts! Giving a nod to God, is what I see! Heading towards the light, unpretentious; like a Holy place of worship. No color! Monks Hall. This is what I interpret! The simple bench at the end
@kanyewest have you considered enrolling in University? I sense sadness !! I'm not trying to overstep, but this energy has to be contained, measured, treasured, & channeling 2 a good place 4 ur kids now! Be a good  example! U probably R missing Ur Mother! God Bless U Kanye!
*does
Don't try to make the next president of the usa smarter than the current
Grammar matters #grammar
Patato - Potato... US Presidents don't really need to be smart. They're sockpuppets anyway.
No, it looks like the boring empty hallway that leads to the sunken place.
If I had to guess... YEA!
This whole charade is to lead up to his album release. He doesn't give a shit about impoverished, targeted abused black people. He's silent during the worst of the last year for black men. Then steps in to talk & he berates BLM & cheers Trump. 

Get bent.
U chillin with a “make America great again” hat sooo liiikeee
Yes it does actually
It does, actually.
Empty place
uh... yea?
I would say mausoleum.
Looks like a mausoleum.
Boy bye !
Doesn't look like a happy place at all 
Yes.
Your current material / wealth has NOTHING to do with your current mental state. Jeffrey Dalmer also had a nice house. Look at what a sex tape did to boost the finances of your soon to be Ex Wife's bank account. She's going to own your entire estate soon. Live well brother 
Yes , matter of fact this could  be where the sequel can be flimed.
it does kinda
Get Out was a documentary.
@Atjiggybeats English My brother..
The cathedral ceilings and archways... seriously phenomenal architecture... very minimalist but also a soaring extravagance of inspiration and unlimited aspiration.
It sure do
Definitely.
Yes
Yep
@_jay_martn_
Yes it does. Congrats on finding solitude there.
spilling the beans...
that's a lot of empty walls that can use some color by @TheRealRahmaanH

Do you live in a bus station

Does a sunken place have a look?
yes. A gilded cage if ever there was. Money is a trap.
It looks like a well-to-do chromophobe's private quarters in a 19th century French mental asylum.
It’s “does this” you nimrod.
It looks like you need an interior designer.
looks like an illuminati sex lounge
Metaphorically speaking, yes.
Well, this looks like a morgue 
You have the attention of myself and others. Actually, it could be what you choose it to be. Therefore, the answer to your question would be, YES! 
Not to refer it as  "[THE"] SUNKEN PLACE, BUT, A PLACE CONSIDER AS TO BE, "ONE" OF [MAYBE ] MANY.
Nice arches homie
Umm...”do this” or “does this”? 
It's very cold, soulless, psych-ward chic...
Looks like one of the portal rooms from Spyro
Can you explain why you're hanging out with White Supremacists? Or are you unaware of the hand sign thrown by your Trump buddy, Scott Adams? Roger Stone will enlighten you. #BLM to all of us except those guys.
It’s giving me ‘Wizards of Waverly Place The Movie’ vibes lmaoo
Yeah a lil bit
Like the sunken place with a extreme home makeover
"Yes officer can you save him from the sunken place"
It actually kind of does.  Aha
It looks like the interior of a Scientology “church”
