It is what awakens people 
i know no one will see this but sometimes i lay on my kitchen floor in front of the stove and pretend to be a crumb.

 well that’s my cardio for the day
Bobo yi ti lo sha
All I know is how much the Lord of Lords and King of Kings Loves you! You’re still His Child!
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
why would u tweet this
Hows it feel?
I hope & pray you do, as what a wonderful adult child you will be. Keep their voices at the forefront & teach your kids the old school way (your mom & dad).
You have a 54 y/o newborn here. Let’s change Chicago.

You turn 41, i turn 14. Mirrors
I guess you’re having a midlife crisis Kanye it’s pretty evident
@kanyewest you need to smoke some weed bro
They have been waiting 38 years to welcome you back. This is the perfect tweet Kanye. I feel you.
Thank you @kanyewest for speaking your mind. You are due to go golfing with @ClintEastwoodLA and Potus
in Mar-a-Lago 

#GreatAwakening

Doing a great job kanye! Keep connecting bro, ppl eyes will be opened & yes they will be awakened.
 okay don't let @kanyewest distract you guys from the fact the @MeekMill is free and he is talking about his case and how he doesn't fee free. 
Doesnt really add up chief unless your that Ben button guy
*you’re
no Im not
@monahan00 this is incredible.
The feed keeps getting better. #respect
Respect the feed!
Your dad was a Panther, your mom was an activist and educator. You...you love Donald Trump.
So? His parents did what was necessary then and he is doing it now. Either way 'Love' is the motivating factor.
Do you know anything about Kanye or who he was a decade ago vs who he is now? He's having a mental breakdown.
A decade ago "Gold Digger" was pretty lit and Kanye didn't have children. People grow and change. His message of love and unity is positive.
You are truly embarrassing and know NOTHING about his discography.
So what? This movement isn't about his discography. He is on board to #MAGA 
Try to keep up 


Kanye, I’m sure your Mom would be proud of you. I’m a 62yr old Gramy from Mn. I’ve not always agreed with you. However I’m very proud of what your saying. I love what Candace is saying. Keep fighting the good fight. GodBless you and your family.

Life starts at 40 young man.

Hold on bruh. DENZEL CURRY TRASH?!
Pity your mother isn’t alive to sort you out. Stop disgracing others
You've just grown into wisdom.  Genetics.
GTFOH you weirdo and out of my timeline
Nd we know that
You are very fortunate that God filled your heart with love.
Childs Parent

Makes about as much sense as #COVFEFE  
Many, around 40 with loving families, open their eyes for the 1st time. Realizing  that the popular view, is not necessarily the right view.  Well done, Kanye and Kim!
Educate your wife to not expose her butt in public...  Nd she is The mother of three kids
What are you trying to say?
You're 40 years old and you still act like a child
R.I.P. Donda.
Exactly. She did the best she could. This fool taking his publicity stunts too far!
A message supporting free thought or Trump is “too far” - be gone, thought police!
I said what I said. His stunts have gone too far. I could give a sh*t about y'all President.
What exactly is too far and where is the line? Supporting free speech / free thought is not a publicity stunt. I think you interpret it that way because of extreme animus. You're debased from reality. Wake up!
Old adage "if you're not a Democrat in your 20's you have no heart. If you're not a Republican by the time you're 40 you have no brain."  Lol
Atta boy 
Never too late brother.
wow
This one the most beautiful things 
Very wise words
Either that's really deep, or its exactly what it sounds like.
sos un pelotudo caro, Kanye.
A gift for you Kanye, "Free at last, free at last, thank God Almighty I'm free at last". This is yours for life!!
♡ & RT
Ok O.J..  

Time to get back on the meds.
Your parents where racist??
A fool at 40 is a fool forever

That's messed up! Vaguely makes sense! You obviously have had trials and tribulations with all of your erratic behavior!!
My father taught me good things take time. Men don't grow brains until 25
@helgeh90 deep


behind the power curve on this one but no time like the present.
..well I'm not 40, but ME TOO!!
you fockin what?
Yeah,  mom would be so damn proud of you.   #MAGAT
Never too late
I’m sure ya mother is rolling in her grave 



Pos
Weirdo
You're insane
@kanyewest I think is the right time for you to come back to Africa bro, with the way you are going? You need the attention of native doctors
You get better as you get older Kanye.
Old artist ye be
You yo daddy’s son ayyyyyy!
For any childcare practitioner's,  parents or teachers .

Please subscribe and share 

http://www.Jossycare.com 

Child development and parenting tips
Good job buddy.
THIS is so right. Unfortunately most people who read your tweet do not understand.

#Kanye #StableGenius
Oh I think they totally understand.
Denial is a hard habit to break...
Funny how becoming a parent helps you understand the love your parents had for you... Hard to understand till the minute it all comes together.
Ye. You made em really tired today . Truth they can't handle. New ideas they foggy . I see the smoke . Good day sir see you tomorrow (I'm Lightskinned so i use that color)
WTF does that even mean?  You are messed up dude...get help

Ray J said u his son
Deep. Having kids and losing a parent gives you a whole new perspective.
I think that means it's time to grow up
So Kim was raising 3 babies by herself wow
Thank God you are finally feeling you are finding your true self. I prayed for you and definitely empathize with everything. God is good & stay 100!
see your life

I’m 40 years old and I understand exactly what you mean.

Boy what is this trash
Nigga what
I'm older than Kanye and I'm having to be my parents parent!
*parents’ ?
But you act like a spoiled 4 year old.
Isn't it amazing; how as you grow older your parents become smarter!

What fuckin drugs you takin?

I'm tryna see some Donda West vibes flowing
my  take on you has changed, I think you are a decisive man who can do a lot for today's youth. Keep up the good work, you stand out because you don't follow the crowd, teach young people to work to be what they want, and stay away from the media.
God love you!
I'm a late bloomer too. There's no stopping late bloomers.
Speaking my truth! I didn't know anything, until I realized I didn't know anything. And then, I was closer to 35, than 30. x
Especially with that MAGA code cap on...
Were your parents surprised to learn they had a kid?

Once your a parent, EVERYTHING changes
True, then when your a grandparent wisdom kicks in!  I feel half my age, not physically, less mature and emotionally for my age.  That’s ok though, I’ll take it!
Dead beat dads when they find out their son is gonna be a sports star be like . . .
God bless you and your beloved mother 

You sacrificed your mother though..
Amazing how much smarter they’ve gotten over the years yeah?
Better letter than never Kayne.
And you’ve accomplished so much and you’re only getting younger somehow
40 looks good on you my friend :)

With age comes maturity.
You definitely skipped the biology class
Fuck my parents child mean you always been dad to me since birth
Damn square dude. Welcome to rational society. Break bread any time I’ll buy
I'm 23 yrs old and musterbating.
We are with you @KAYNEIWEST @KimKardashian @chancetherapper
Keep spitting the truth my brave friend
Things @Chatnovski would say.
What?
If a young man is not liberal he has no heart; if an older man Is not conservative he has no soul
I love how in touch with your heart you are.  You just said exactly what I feel.  Thank you. :) <3
Did you invent that too
I am now a super fan because your recent tweets are red pilling so many! 
You still act like a child !!!
SORRY CHILDREN !!!
parents’
I have been saying for 30 years that when I went to college, my parents got so smart.

Happy Birthday!
You’re 40 years old and going through a midlife crisis

*parent's*
This guy is smoking something from outa space. Not my milky way galaxy 
Never late or early to be a great parent to your kids Had my first boy at 16 and a half by 28 had my last boy. Had four in total. With same husband. Your kids, above all
You have the best insight, I just started following you and it’s the best!! Don’t stop

Better late than never man 
Kaynes redpill moment is more significant and damaging to the lefts control than anyone can imagine.  Watch the daggers come out.
A new found respect for the bravery shown.
We all do at 40. It's when we realize they were smart and tried to keep us from messing up, but we did anyway because we thought they weren't as smart as we were.
I was closer to 50. Welcome to adulthood!
Feel every word in this tweet  .Just lost Both my parents five yrs apart. MY mom  January2018 .Hope I get to this point in my life frfr. Where I become the embodiment of their vision of me!! #deeplearning
you shouldn’t have kids.
So basically you sold your moms soul for @realDonaldTrump and the othe elites?

Generations of black men and your mother Donda is shaking her head at you!
I feel you!
They would be and are proud of you
Someone translate.
Translation: the things his parents taught him are finally sinking in..
Ye,
 Don't lose sight of who you are trying to remain relevant. There's no difference between Trump, Bush, or Obama; different face same mask. You've changed tax bracket so your priorities are changing, I get it. Don't forget, WE change the game not just play it.
I was just visited with a friend about how my 40th birthday was the beginning of becoming My True Self as well Kanye.

#ModernDayMLK is what you are...
Well said...definitely feel you on that one
That one was deeper than Lake Michigan. Damn dude, you haven't been on my radar in a long while. Now you got me wondering what Ive been missing.
ummmm what does that even mean
Time, as we see it, is nothing but a unit to measure nothingness. We are on God’s time - and it is eternal. #GodBlessAmerica #PeaceBeWithYouAndYours #USA #FreeThinkers
Nothing wrong with that.  Sometimes it never happens for people at all.
nov 10

Awesome this the time of yours life be present.
Your mother would be disappointed!!

Sounds like a case of Benjamin button
Wait untill your 45 then you will become your parents , thanks ye
Ya mama rolling in her grave seeing you in that make America bullshit
Their loss.
Huh 40??
Wise words Kanye.

wtf
It’s fairly irrelevant but ‘everybody loves Raymond’ was terribly underrated
I turned 40 also and my parents don't even no I exist!Idkn what happened to them, but it has me so upset because I have never did 1 thing wrong n my life!It's great u have loving parents God Bless all of you
That's Young, most don't get #woke much before they're 50. Loving the @realDonaldTrump love too. #Maga #GreatAwakening #Qanon
I’m so proud of U , having ur own children can change the way u look at life! They are tomorrow future, they deserve the freedom that our Constitution provides. It’s sad that ppl want to be free but they don’t want others to be free. We have to wake up the sleeping,MAGA for kids!
Fix up brother
So this is the man your mother wanted you to be like you said “Only One”? You’re better than this
Yooo this is definitely a message
At least you have your own opinion.
GOOD FOR YOU
Mom would be proud! Good for you Kanye!
What does that mean 
Damn
That's deep. *Tear.
Wtf
Meth is one hell of a drug

Facts

Nah son....You changed when your mother passed on.... 

Momma pass in Hollywood/If you ask/Lost my soul/Driving fast/Lost control/

You wrote this... And your father took this pic....wasn't he a Black Panther?
