Let’s make a social media platform that doesn’t censor conservatives. Thiel, Kanye and Trump can do it.
Twitter censors conservatives. They won’t even verify 100k+ conservatives but will verify liberals with no  followers like @GregShugar who are only famous for trolling.
Poor Jealous Joey and his Bot Army.
Thanks @kanyewest for the courage to speak your truth knowing the attack against you from the Left would be at catastrophic levels.
Grift away and work off that debt
Peter teal is literally the thought police dude
Lies
He literally financed lawsuits trying to shut down Gawker (which he accomplished) because he didn't like what they were publishing
They outed him as a gay man. That is not something a publication should do. Also, Gawkers have attacked private citizens, partake in revenge porn, blackmail, and other hideous crap. I was glad that disgusting publication was shutted dwn
It's absolutely bad. But any time other "journalists" try to incorrectly "doxx" the perpetrators of shootings (i.e. Ian cheong), or try to out people in their own right, whether it be lgbtq, immigrants (ie Laura ingraham, the whole tpusa cult) it's always silence from you folks
You should shun “them”....like others are.
You sure love sucking up to slimy billionaires.
And he's sooooooo edgy, but never says anything about the wars. 
He's against free thinking..are you hoping to change that?
Peter Thiel, the only Trump Supporter & Vocal Conservative in Silicone Valley. Served briefly on DJT transition Team. Owns largest Mass Data AI/ML Co. in World: "Palantir"-crystal stone from Lord of the Rings or translated today=All Seeing Digital Eye. #QAnon We Hear & See All
“Take a meeting” you mean take a piss?
Kanye my guy lets do an ICO, we can call it YeezyCoin $YEEZY
bro back off
You people need to shut up...Kanyewest can have different views from you!!  You are despicable to attack people with different views!  Where's your tolerance and listening to other viewpoints?  Get over it....MAGA!!!!!
What? He's like the biggest douche on the planet?! 

Kanye's account has been hacked, surely. Or he's lost a bet to someone.
Thank you, Kanye.

Just know the Trump community supports you.

what the hell is wrong with you dude?
To clarify my comment...I think Peter T is a facking demon.
Meeting with the devil 
You are blessed to be in a position for people to listen to your ideas as well as to have the funding to make those ideas happen. Do great things! Creativity/thinkining differently,and being unafraid,makes awesome stuff happen. 
I'm sure Donald Trump would meet with you to. He'd love to hear about your revolutionary ideas! You're such a genius, Kanye!!
Milo Yiannopoulos, owns you.
Welcome to reality. As long as you're here...recognize that doesn't mean we think you are qualified for the POTUS job.....settle the ego down kid...
Anyone who has followed you already knew you were an independent thinker. Don't change for the haters.


Get that $$$ Kanye...
YASSSSSSSS
Just gunning for a kayne retweet with no regard for your own safety
Now you done pissed me off
Go away Kanye, go back to your ho. 
Really you and Trump have a lot in common, you both married porn stars, your both crazy, and you both lie , And you both lie with dogs
"He that lieth down with dogs shall rise up with fleas"
@ThySweetPete Ay Man Congrats!!
Kanye you are awesome!
How are your albums doing lately?... Just asking... Cooning will get you nowhere.. Just saying

Better read up on the evil that is Palantir then.
LOVE #PeterThiel  another minority/ gay man, who the Democratic party thinks they own!  Was so proud when Peter came out strong, in support for then, candidate Trump, in 2016!
Too bad you didn't even know his name and called him Peter Teal.

Kanye West is a genius. This is all marketing.
Pick up some right wing people to also buy your album.  How many lefties / progressives will he lose in the process.  You’re right about what he’s trying to do but it will backfire.
Lefties will still buy/listen the music and buy the clothes regardless. They just talk shit on social media. Coming from a lefty lmfao.
You don’t think anyone will stop buying because of these shannanagans?  

You underestimate how much people hate trump.
Nah its kanye bro, the people who buy his music will always buy his music. They just talking shit now, when the album drops watch it break records.
Guess we’ll see. 
Peter Thiel, ask @TomArnold, he is not a good man Kanye. He has used his power to buy damaging videos of Trump. Kanye, please get help!
A bad way to prove your point is to start with, "Ask Tom Arnold"
The future is one big adventure!!  Hold on tight!! Right, Yeezy??
damn Steve you get around a lot huh
I'm everywhere, meat cube!!
Kanye bring back Gawker
Kanye log off
Oh no did he say something you disagree with?
Peter Thiel be like
Pp
Ask Peter Thiel about the company Ambrosia and how they use parabiosis for life extension.
Peter Theil is not good people. #Palantir is big brother on crack. Have you crossed over to the dark side? Im sure they've messed with your head. I hope you're just playing along.
Bitcoin
What future kanye? Me and you both already know where this is going  #NWO
Excellent
I tell you, hang w @realDonaldTrump & conservatives/Indies (in general, not all) like Thiel & u won’t just get BS...they’ll get u the meetings/connections u need to make the change u want. They value success & ideas, & that is colorblind 
#diversityofthought #independant
Going to need to hold on to that optimism. Only takes a second to ruin something, but years to rebuild. Damage Democrats (and Rinos) have done to this country is great; will take serious resolve and Americans uniting to fix.
Can I ask kindly what Thiel is proposing as a project?
Peter Thiel is a very smart guy. You’ll do good work with him.
kanye please meet with #cavetwitter
Congratulations! That's fantastic
he is very into everipedia! he calls it the "trump of websites"

@getongab @urbanarson
Kanye should do an AMA on @getongab or write on @steemit
You're going to love Peter Thiel!
Twitter right now
My god, this is amazing
Please Mr West that's enough no more today
you deleted the old one but I already made this so
West sees a kindred energy in Trump too
You don't have to agree with trump but the mob can't make me not love him. We are both dragon energy. He is my brother. I love everyone. I don't agree with everything anyone does. That's what makes us individuals. And we have the right to independent thought.
@MimeticValue
Everyone knows everything these days. The effects of social media on society are obvious. We are getting dumber, , not smarter
Are you a celebrity or something? Names fimiliar!!
Thanks for standing with this good President who is doing everything he can to make this country great for everyone no matter what your skin color!  GOD Bless You!
Right they will, more bull shit!
Kanye  you have become my hero lately for recognizing what the liberal left has been trying to do to the black people, they have been doing the same thing to the native Americans for many years! Telling them how persecuted they have been. Just vote for us we will correct things
How much are they paying you, bruh
Because he obviously cannot think for himself, right? Has to be for money.
I was kind of upset with you when you did that thing on stage with Taylor, but you're redeeming yourself big time by standing up for free thought!  The modern Left is the biggest hate group on Earth.  Never give in.
Kanye just googled Palantir
Doesn't matter how you feel about Kanye or politics ... "Take a meeting" is funny as hell. 1787 here comes Kanye
Why do people need to be boxed in the D or R category?  Whatever happened to being a free thinking American.  The people who want to tell you how to think are the ones you shouldn't be listening to.  @RealCandaceO @seanhannity @billoreilly @glennbeck
Please help us organize the #GreatAWakeningMarch.  I've been trying to spread the message but getting no traction. A simple use of the hashtag would do. We must organize and fight for our nation.
Suddenly this @kanyewest thing came into razor focus: He's an attention ho adrenaline junkie who will do practically ANY DANGEROUS DEAL with DEVILS OF MORAL TURPITUDE in return for SOCIAL MEDIA DOPAMINE OVERSTIMULATION!!! 

Now I'm gonna move on and forget I ever heard of him...
EMINEM is the RapGod
Good to hear Peter is feeling better, he was a little green yesterday.
what's your sound cloud

Thomas Sowell. Please talk to Thomas Sowell.
The creep train just keeps rolling on.
Peter Thiel one of the “good” guys! Smart Move @kanyewest #MAGA Good Luck!  


BOOM! A tech company without a social justice agenda. Imagine one that welcomes everyone to its platform & treats them equally! Could this be a step toward American values?
Got to watch that guy.

Stand strong,  be yourself.... don't expect "tolerance" of free speech.
A self hating gay man..?
Glad you have the stamina to speak out! I can only imagine the heat you're taking!
$$$$
Have a care 
Thiel owns 
mass surveillance company 
http://Palantir.com  worse than #Zuck and #Facebook

I can here the whimpering from the Democratics all the way over here in the U.K. . Lordy lordy this is just genius by your POTUS. 
This is so great

The Black Bourgeoisie will literally partner with fascists to propel their self interest.
Social Media platform that doesn't censor conservatives? You mean like Gab?

You should be making music with some of the stuff u been tweetin
@kanyewest at Carbone over a nice meal
It’s always been about getting to someone else’s money bags for you.
we're with you on that Amigo! Spot on!!!!!!!!
Nice! How about a plan to get Chicago Detroit & Baltimore back on track! Get with Trump and brainstorm a solution!
Lol
Bitch never
So proud of you Kanye! Speak your mind, for we all have individual thoughts , and we are American thinkers!
That is what this country is made of! WE,THE PEOPLE! Not bowing before the overlords! We are who we are, and should be proud.
WTF. You’ve lost it.

Kill the AI Palentiar software unless you use it on the US government like corrupt DOJ, FBI, and especially CIA!
Don't forget to patch us in.
Oy.
Supercool!
Glad you guys are finally going to trade notes 

$BTC #crypto

Good man Kanye
Coupla mobstahs. No future.
Good to hear @KaneyWest_ #timephonehack yours and ours future for the better, please. The future is the past that creates the future
Tell him what's up.  Tell him what he did for Hogan was worth it.
Love you Kanye. I used to not like you. But you became one of the realest dudes in any game.
You should, free thinking is an amazing opportunity when you also listen to other free thinkers outside our bubble. #freespeechfreethoughts. #MAGA
I hope you can turn this opportunity into a measurable opportunity to help poor communities improve their quality of life.  I am ready to donate to support you. Make it happen!
BUY AND STREAM NO TEARSLEFT TO CRY 

iTunes http://apple.co/2F2nsVQ  
Spotify http://spoti.fi/2J9VAle  
Peace - not war
Truth - not lies
Love - not hate
Have you started reading Moldbug?
Who's that lol
Middle USA, is tired of identity politics. Judge a man on the content of his or her character, and not the color of their skin. Hello race-baiters- what is so hard to grasp about this concept? Own your behavior. Our country stopped slavery! Approx. 400,000 tombstones prove it!
https://youtu.be/AEmhOcuYP-4 

@kanyewest meetings with Peter Thiel... do I have some stories for you.  #TimePhoneHack #Kanye <--- #HighPriority 
Shit, man. You've got me feeling optimistic for the future too and I don't even have a meeting with Peter Thiel.
YEZZY TO ONE @Fluffylogs
Seriously he’s in DEEP with the #deepstate, know that going in 

THIEL: ...so you harvest their blood, young people only, then you take the blood and put it in your own veins and, the science gets weird here, but
 
KANYE: I am enjoying this meeting
Awesome PLS do ur research on him - he needs to help us fight #surveillancestate #geospacialagency #CIA #AwanSpyRing #U1 the various #trafficking #ratlines watch indie reporter @GeorgWebb https://youtu.be/fsqTHFw3fJ4  http://beverlytran.blogspot.com/?m=1 
Did you get hacked? I dont like this.
Keep it up man
Trumpers support you !
You Go Girl
I feel very optimistic about your butthole.
A brave voice he is. Cheers from #thesix
Tell him to stop selling all of the data mining AI to the government - and ask him about the New Orleans AI after Katrina
Asss
A toilet rat ... why yes
Please @kanyewest in the name of love for your children: A Big NO to the Thiel to the Peter to the NO #ContractOfTheCovenant #1EyebrowForTrent #TimePhoneHack to @KimKardashian too
 Kanye breaking tweeter by opening up new business ventures to creates jobs while spreading love, positivity, and free thinking.
I just want to thank you for giving a lot of us out here some positivity and hope.
I know gays are out there. I liked them better in the closet.
May Love Light The Path Of Your Family For All Your Days.
Are you going to be our next Secretary of State? 
Just make sure you leave @peterthiel with all the blood you arrived with, @kanyewest.
You'll find most Republicans are more open-minded than Democrats. And Republicans don't call you names when you disagree.
Can you read and comprehend this poster? Or you a Dotard like tRump?
I bet he loved College Dropout.
Peter Thiel is a good man...it should prove good for both of you
Then there’s @PalmerLuckey.
The author of Zero to One is meeting with the author of One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
You're on the the Trump train, hold on.
I will like to have a meeting with you to discuss #MAGAMusic
Make yeezycoin too. $
Peter Thiel? The Palantir Peter Thiel? Creepy, secretive, drone  tracking, big brother surveillance AI, CIA funded, military-intelligence  complex insider Palantir Peter Thiel? That guy?
Just a little manic Wednesday?
Hey man. My last name matches. Idkkkkkkkkk maybe there’s some relation here?
Ask him about bitcoin
He sucks bruh
I know who Peter is but besides being Mr. Kardashian, who are you?
Fool
That is awesome. He’s the real deal
Finally found someone to help you out with that $53M of debt, huh?
Ooooooohhhhhhweeee babbbby BOUNTY HUNTER REPORT'BOOK ON http://Amazon.com 
the guy who destroyed gawker
yes we are legion and we are behind you
!!!
#YeezyBoost350
Thank you KANYE!!
we love you K
@peterthiel collects the data of American citizens for the government. Like a more evil, secret Mark Zuckerberg. 

You're allowing yourself to be used as a tool.

Do you know what #palantir does?
I'm not really sure where Thiel's loyalties lie but he seems to be one of the more benign wealthy guys that does give a damn about a decent future for humanity.
I can’t believe this
You R amazing brother, you make me proud to be a Black Conservative Business Owner. I want to see millions of me. Thank you for speaking out on the mental slavery its real.
You best do some research on his role in fb and weaponisation of data
Kanye, you are a fool who is being played. An embarrassment to humans really. #Resist
people like kanye, should stand up show black americans they can make there own decisions have there own opinions who 2 vote for r things that affect them personally, black democrats berate black conservative because they choose 4 themselves, people like kanye should show the way
Welcome aboard the #MAGA 
As you should.  You sir are helping to Make America Great Again
#GoldenAge
@3L3V3NTH @traciemac_Bmore @aliasvaughn 

WTAF is going on here?
Me too.  I feel optimistic too for the first time in many, many years.  Thank you for joining us in The Great Awakening.  Muah. #qanon
#ltc @SatoshiLite should be with you for this meeting
#AmericaFirst  You got it! 
Could use the eos constitution.
Some are skeptical!
I can certainly understand your optimism
The guy who started PayPal owns floracal are you trying to get into that marijuana movement are you trying to be the kings of marijuana?  A friend is asking
Maybe he can arrange to have your head frozen
I like chair I love desk
Alternative platforms to TWITTER AND YOUTUBE. Fair for all.
Idiot

Awesome! Go Kanye!
He’s the vampire one, right?
