My #BigBrother was Jay’s brother #HarlemMuse 
Nice use of the 4 Tops 7 Rooms of Gloom sample "You took the dream I had for us, and turned that dream into dust" at :11 and throughout. Fusing that old school soul vibe w/new. 
got to admire the risk... . not like, political risk. like, putting out a record where @Tip ‘s verse just MURDERS @kanyewest ‘s on merit... #yevsthepeople
Ye vs the people is actually dope asf, I understand what he’s doing now. And it’s not nearly as sinister or maniacal as what people making it out to be.
Since you understand can you explain your perspective to me because I feel like his approach is still all wrong.
Ok, I’m gonna try to break this down in my own perspective now. If you disagree, that’s cool, feel free to voice that. First, let’s take into account that Kanye doesn’t think of himself as any regular old person. (1)
WHERES THE REST
I’ve no clue, I posted it and I can’t even find it... ILLUMINATI CONFIRMED?!
I have them all >:) haha I’ll screenshot them hold on
interesting read! Thank you


If he loves Chicago so much and “the people” he should move there, and try to become governor before trying to take on the country. 
Shhhut uppp man Kanye West is the shit MAGA FOREVER!!!!!!
I love you Kanye, but you break my heart with this cluelessness
Damn Critter still has me blocked, hate runs deep.
Evolve.
Scoopiddy scoop @YangAtoms @BION1KAL
BoopDiddiyBoop - Dont forget he a Genius
Poppidi scoop
This is so cool.




Yo Kanye what are you on? “Scoop-ditty-whoop-poop-poop”
.
Why don't of drop this properly like on Spotify and stuff
It is on Spotify!


TI killed it, Yeezy, try again..
Ye I understand your point and I agree to an extent. But what you're doing is going from one extreme to another. There is always a middle.
This comment is silly.
Only to someone who isn't listening.
Revelation 3:16
So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
Also that’s what your mom didn’t say.
My mother, Nature? I believe that is exactly who said that. 
Most important part of this song is the discourse. Two sides, coming together and really talking. Might not be the best song ever but it works as a demonstration of empathetic discussion. The world could be better if we had more of that
He litterally wrote. the. song. It’s the mere idea of a discourse, but nothing about it is an actual dialogue.
Many of TI’s lines are sentiments I read all fucking day on April 25th. And I was on twitter, tweeting about Kanye for like 7 hours
So while he may have written it himself, he was responding to very real questions and accusations people had
MAGA


i need this rn
Anthony get that shit bro
Yeah my boy Anthony got you
Kanye West wearing a MAGA hat giving it a new direction. Donald the Free Thinker giving this hat another direction when he wrote this for his Atlanta series...



How about you give some more thought about the artwork before putting it out, huh?
https://youtu.be/9m1BzjkhVbk  what this new joint sound like.
Thanks...
Love seeing Kanye's open dialog with woke folks... #letthepeopletalk

let’s pretend to be woke folks
and invoke a broke hoax
to coax the most votes
and boast of our great hopes
while we drop bombs
with open palms
washed of the tragedy
of a failed strategy
Kanye has the ability to help bridge and liberate those whose minds are held hostage by the left
Minds held hostage by the media and the government. Both sides have many who’s minds are held hostage
Agreed
Wow @kanyewest is a genius for dropping that Ye vs. The People with @Tip ! That dialogue and conversation is what we need. Not an intolerance for others political beliefs...dope dope track
Disagreeing on political beliefs and aligning yourself with someone who said there good people on the side of the alt-right are worlds apart.
BLM (big portion of them), Antifa are terrorist organizations just like the ignorant and uneducated white supremacists. Lets fight for individual rights not rights as the liberal categorizes ppl on.
The writing process to this was surely interesting!
@harveymartin47 click on lift yourself; listen to the whole thing looool
Who are you feeling more on this track, Kanye or @Tip?
None of the above. The song is trash
What do you dislike?
The song is also available on Spotify and iTunes and Google Play. Only costs .69 cents. Which is hilarious
Dont forget @TIDAL !!!
Ain’t nobody usin that.
Well I'm glad to be apart of the "nobodies" Tidal has hooked it up with free tickets to shows, pool parties at Coachella and discounts for concerts I've attended, my Kanye Saint Pablo tour tickets were 75$ for floor admission, I've had tidal since TLOP dropped, best investment
how much they payin u, i want in
Yea fr, this dudes writing commercials up in here.
when there’s no scoopityscooppoop on this track
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop

I’m so confused
Why?
What is he trying to say about Trump
Start waking these brainwashed artists yeezy. This nwo shit gotta stop
Damm good music!  Music   h

 again


Lit  
Tip really had it out for you respect the king
@kanyewest I love you.. it’s always a method to your talented madness #Kanye West
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=370718576765939&id=100014833988152 …
thanks
@kanyewest #theneedledrop #kanyewest #KanyeWestIsOverParty
Poop?
@vaughanedmonds
So disappointed that yet again another anti Catholic has to try to demonize the Catholic church..Truth  is it was a few of the millions of Catholic Priest that were sent from Satan himself to try to bring down the true church with evil acts!
We see right through your political antics and your thirst to sell records you and T.I ,guess when you are some has been Rappers desperate times cause for desperate measures.. Gain the world lose your soul
Preach @kanyewest flip it and gave it a new direction
This beet and lyrical content are stolen from my work. This is not cool I have to press legal action against you bro. What are you doing. I will not be silenced. @CNN @ComplexMusic @fox5
Lift Yourself is masterful sonically Teared up with emotions listening to it. Last verse is the truth.. basically saying somebody gotta pick the  up poopity scoop
Great song I understand both sides but im with @troubleman on this one although I respect your opinion ye

Introducing you to your New Favorite Rapper!!! @DoughboyHibachi from Birmingham, AL, the WHOLE world will know “Doughboy Ruffin” it’s his season  
Doesn’t work
@Gunnah1Hunna
Ye vs. My eardrums
Kanye you never gave me thanks for helping you get your deal with Rockefeller if it hadn't been for Yung Berg and me taking your tracks up to Jay-Z in New York you would have never been discovered

People don't need to just walk off the Democrat plantation they need to run and run like hell.  It's time to Ditch and Switch Now! 
Delete all that shit
Trash
#ItsAVirus
Not impressed
@Tip for the WIN 
@kanyewest you’ll probably never see this, but this is the Kanye I was waiting to hear from again. Every time I play this song I get chills. Thanks for always encouraging conversation amongst the people.
@sophiah1119 new favorite song this is a bump
How the fuck do you work this shit. I can't download it

LOVE the lyrics & what you're projecting into the world...LOVE, Equality, Unity, Peace. We have to start somewhere. I just think Trump missed or refuses to get the message. We must love in spite of opposition & hate. We must practice love to receive love.
I love this. You think in ways most people don't. People won't always be able to follow your train of thought. When you hit on something that people can relate to they are quick to praise you, but when you do your intellectual grunt work small minds might misunderstand. u do u.
It’s now on Spotify
So excited for the album now 
POOPY-DI SCOOP
Let ye be ye

Now he thinks he's OJ.
Love this song. Great work @kanyewest
Its just a screen shot tf
I fuck with it very good debate on a beat
Was listening to this last night by accident, (which coincidence = language of the spirit) and got rocked... God is with you in this fight Kanye! Your mom is watching and she’s so proud of you!!!
you are the best at getting people to talk!  Keep tweeting!
I enjoy this song. Gets better every listen.


Kanye woke AF 
Great Discussion, valid points made.  Kanye West is the new Cultural Leader, its time for a change, and its long over due.
@BeatsbyDLB
I like this one, some real conversation going on. People need to realize that talking is a way to resolve differences and understanding one another.

I think "Ye Vs. The People", musically, has a chord progression that plays in harmony with the theme from "Spaceship", another of Kanye West's songs.  The musical co-harmony between the songs may be intentional, or subliminal?
@pete_humphreys you heard this?
As long as none of this is on the album it's gravy. Reminds me of @LowKeyofficial track Terrorist? PT. 2
The strongest man is who stands alone. There are so.many who dissatisfy with the situation but afraid to come out. Thanx Ye for speaking out yo mind. Holla from Tanzania
Ye is officially the greatest of all time 
So all of this shit was clearly planned out. Just like any other Yeezy/Kardashian marketing campaign shit. You probably have all of your tweets pre-planned on your calendar to coincide with the releases. Get the people talking and then drop verses on the subject
so good
#weaponsgradepersuasion
Kanye, so many people are misunderstood. So sorry you are one of "those", but never give up on your convictions for Goode.
#JusticeforTroyGoode.             I NOW UNDERSTAND. I've never had a black and white difference of opinion. We are all equal in my eyes. Tears of both colors
" The Apology " by Socrates , I mean by @kanyewest .... Too far ahead , niggaz Don't read 
Trash song. You and TI stay cooning 
This free thought mindset is 
No one buy anything Kanye related. Boycott
U think he has ONLY DEMOCRATS for fans? Lmao! He has the entire world not just American DEMOCRATS. Not to mention all the REPUBLICANS that might be fans.
@Rezikna @miapaonessa @MeriDedja @selmarr_
Wow! Revolutionary!
Icy
Oh I know, You’re playing a joke on all of us right? Like for real... scoopity poop? 

I, of the jury, declare @kanyewest A GOD FOR THIS TRACK! Everyone needs to wake up and hear this. Not once have I ever talked about not listening to his songs ever again just because he supports Trump. I respect the direction he’s going to unify America.
Vete ala verga
Love it man - bringing everyone together. Tired of the media, tired of separation, tired of the hate..we are one.
This is shit! You have enough money to put behind a "good" website for your people.
@_uchechi_
Ye look into the libertarian platform you may like it. @LPNational @libertarianism
Enlightening and refreshing!! Would rather hear politics than about drugs, sex and killing..... you're doing great things! @kanyewest
ELEVATE 
Fuckin amazing
No disrespect to you meant here, but your idea to go blond wear red hats and support donald, while he shows utter disdain and disgust for us, your ppl, is nothing new. 

THAT has been do so many times before. 

Caveat: not all publicly is good publicity.
I get you’ve got to show love for obama cause he’s black but come on bro he was a hoax! I’m sure you know that.
@JamMmRock @AbJawara
Everything in this song is what I've been telling people

Everyone says you lost your mind, But I think you found it!
Snap out if it fam
Kanye is smarter than the preacher man. Trust in Yeezus.
Love the song. Continue to embrace love and progression
Weak af... Dont even know wht ti on here with you. That niggas not desperate like you.

I hope to be as great as you one day 
garbage
WTF 
I want lift you’re self
Trey replied to chris for calling him gay
Never talked about how you threw your actual brother under the bus. Talking about unity.
Can’t even lie...VERY IMPORTANT TRACK. You’re putting the discussion out there. Let’s see what else you cooking up
L I N E  ‘ E M  U P  I S  H E R E  ! ! !

https://youtu.be/Xa1OtajCawI  via @YouTube 
design bro
Amazing.

Cole shit way hotter
Always knew you genius.
Shocker
Won't be listening to your music anymore
Man you're a disgrace. I'm not a Democrat either but that doesn't mean I have to side with a party full of rednecks and bigots and people like Donald Trump.
I preferred the first song
어머.. 섬세하시네요
Better than Lift Yourself although I love the beat
. Go with you .  I know u can be a good president.  I don’t vote for you I will yeee.
This is lovely
Hummm I like it
I keep clicking it and it’s not playing. Is it suppose to be 59 minutes of silence? If so, you a fucking genius!
Praise P. Waters. Great rapper name come to think of it
. IMO he hasn’t produced anything good enough since  2007 (graduation). I used to be his biggest fan but now he’s just an absolute w*nker.
I can’t get jiggy with this shit
Is this on Spotify

https://www.pscp.tv/w/bbVfhjF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MVBsSlFYTGVncXFHRWl9rBFImPlvaXOcRn6HGBLikHXGJ1OC-I3EdNCf3v2e …
Only Kanye would release a track that's mostly someone else asking him in disbelief why he's so edgy and influential.
I love this shit #GoKanye
@el_pablo_ves
Doesn't play on Android 
Or maybe it's just my phone
Hit it up tonight
Is it worth it ... Poopdie Scoopdie??
It’s about that question you asked
Which one 
That will be answered after you listen to the song 
Are you trolling everyone? If so, fair play.
Ye vs the people
MORE OF THIS
Ye vs the people ! #MAGA
Yeooo...That "Lift Yourself" song.. you talking about Poop Dee Dee Scoop, Dee Woop Dee Scoop, Poop.... I wasn't ready
If you call yourself an artist, make art. If you call yourself a musician, make music.  But this is truly .
Yo I really disagree with @Tip political views like hard lol but the dude is incredibly talented. This is what the people want. Intellectual music.
wow. You're next level.
This is what the world needs more of. More flexibility to opening a discussion.
Cool

The Original Source of Dragon Energy of which you speak @kanyewest is Camelot Castle do come and refill soon. The true knights, Freedom Fighters and Truth Seekers of this world are always welcome...Camelot is built on…

I like it
You remember the purple polos?
https://audiomack.com/artist/thelastboyz …
#realdialogue
redpill em @kanyewest and do it like u did back in the day when u would be on Chappelle..
Shit's a banger 
Whoa Ice T loved it! 

Officially blowing up "son". 
Wooooow! So dope!
Wow
