Exactly. The March For Our Lives movement was a total hackjob and I know you say Emma is your hero but the Democrats used those kids for their agenda to try and confiscate our guns.

Upvoted
Can someone please translate this tweet for me?
It means you're still irrelevant.
DMT
" The time is always right to do what is right." MLK
The left has created a cult where by if you disagree with their views you are demonize, ostracized, shamed, ridiculed... The go so far as to use their media power to destroy your life & your livelihood. The irony is they call all those who disagree, Nazi's & fascists
They want control. They always did. Control over our upward mobility, (welfare), control of our education (common core), control of our minds. Democrats and liberals don't help POC they control them. And then they move on to the next new voter group they can control with welfare.
Our Government thinks they own us. We are cattle to them. We have no soul, we have no say. The Government says when we live, when we die. People are killed all the time in Hospitals, Pharmaceuticals, Abortions, Capital Punishment, Wars, Eugenics etc.
When in reality, the #Liberals trying to control the government have no soul.
You missed the point and inserted an ideology to what was said. Ideologies have nothing to do with what I said.
I agreed with your point and inserted ideology because it described #Liberals to a tee.
Love this
You should read about the organization that propped up Emma Gonzalez.  She can be your hero, but she was definitely "infiltrated" and used by people with an anti-trump agenda.
Bye bye David Hogg
You don’t think for a second those kids are being funded and brain washed by adults to fulfill an agenda?
No
Love it @kanyewest  keep em coming! Ill build it!
Maybe that’s why Kanye tweeted support for the girl from the Parkland Shooting!! He knows she is being used! #MKUltra @LizCrokin @therealroseanne @realDonaldTrump
Wondered the same thing.  @SaRaAshcraft tells some history abt there being many, many who are targeted.  So did Cooper in Behold a pale horse.
That is what my gut says as well. Glad to know he's interested in these subject. But his language is shifty and makes me wonder who he means by "we." I'm not bowing to the altar of Kanye just yet. Still skeptical of motives.
Kanye is part of the great awakening. I just woke up myself and I will never see things the same again. He is acting like I felt when I first found out the truth. you want to wake the world. I think there's no turning back for Kanye. He's been outspoken before.
I'm inclined to agree with you, just not trusting yet. He'll have to prove himself just like Q did.
Kanye West is brilliant, creative, and mentally ill. That tweet is word salad.
psychological projection is transparent, and your word salad is record written here for all to see. I'm sorry for your loss. Enjoy the cognitive dissonance. #ByePhoenicia #BLOCK
The thing about #Hivite shills is, they ALWAYS use 1of3 approved "responses" to victims telling TRUTH:
1. They're crazy
2. They're on drugs
3. They're lying
Protect the hive at all costs- discredit EVERY victim
Because if the victim is just sane/telling truth THEY are just GUILTY
It’s no longer about republicans and democrats....

It’s about right and wrong

I’m a philosophy PhD student in LA, imo we should talk
My work is on how moral concepts work and it’s super cool 
If your thesis isnt on white women and the fall of western society. You need to go reread the republic
Which book of The Republic are you thinking sheds light on this issue? He talks about the role of women in Book V but I'm not sure that's going to support your line...
The book is about the structure of a platonic society. But people forget that you cant have a structure without people know what to do
Which book though? Some of the books of The Republic are about the structure of a well-ordered Polis, but not all of them, and as far as I know none of them say anything that would directly support any claims about white women being the downfall of the West.
The book obviously doesnt have the claim i am purporting. I am making the claim but you can not read the republic and think that people can be moved through society because of equality.
Weird, because I have read The Republic, more than once, and I in fact do think that. If you are going to demand that random women on the internet re-read it, you should probably re-read it yourself so you can make more specific and helpful suggestions, like which book to look at
The Jedi Order is not a cult Mr Kanye...
Kayne has seen through the lies of the Jedi
it’s treason, then.
I love so many teachers - But add teachers to that list-They need to keep their political views out of the classrooms. Our children spend a good amount of time with them & shouldn’t be brainwashed with their views-Our children are too gullible at this impresses-able innocent age.
I agree with you % school should be about learning facts, and how to think for yourself.  Not "how to think like me". We must start by providing nonpartisan unbiased teaching/learning materials. I know for a fact history was taught differently 60,40,20 years ago and worse today
Kanye West!!! Restorer of the 1A!!!
@TPUSA
#ChunLiChallenge #KanyeChallenge Sidd do bop doo wee
You speak the truth!!!!!!!
#NoMoreCult
cabron pa eso has un podcast y lo dices todo
Your tweets are kinda pissing me off now
Punctuation is not your enemy.
Apparently run-on sentences aren't either.  
Even that deserves a definitive conclusion. “.”
Amen
They bad mouthing you on #girlchat
Law Enforcement/SRO's or anybody else they "deputize" owes no Duty of Care" to the general public, including school kids.  They all have Immunity.  It's time to look at privatizing school security and creating a duty.   LE does not/will not allow that. $ and control for no duty
kanye is awakened.  "woke" is for coachella.

Well, well.....
Just after sex.
We accept people to think freely as long as they agree with us. Thinking for yourself is not free. I hope you truly continue to think, and not let the cost make you stop.
Yes!!! @kanyewest  I love you for doing this!!!
People have their own voice. Yes Kanye.
West 2024!!!!
1st step get gov out of edu
2nd open up the doors for school choice
3rd teach kids they DONT need to go to college
And on top of that teach children not to be afraid to fail, to listen to their gut and not be afraid to be themselves
Teach them compassion and persona worth and personal responsibility
Teach how to not be afraid to speak their mind and most importantly not be afraid of the truth
He gets it. @ThePerezHilton get on board.
People have a voice but no ears.
I graduate w/ my bachelors of behavioral sciences, a minor in sociology and another in marketing in FA 18 hire me
Another perspective...
I support #freethought BUT you cannot be a revolutionary on one hand while pushing albums & shoes on the other! You can support TrCHUMP  & HIS free thinking w/o rocking a MAGA hat-Free thought isn't what he means with MAGA!
Bulls eye! Whether we are on the right or left side. We need to encourage independence of thinking. It's alright not to agree with someone and speak openly your own thoughts. We should not belittle other people because we might not agree.
right. & that's why i wish so many whites weren't commenting telling a black man what he should think, and so many blacks weren't dismissing his open-minded perspective on politics today in America. neither group is allowing the intelligent individual to draw his own conclusions.
Agreed.
#MAGA #QAnon #GreatAwakening @realDonaldTrump
What is your plan exactly to “fix” Chicago?
Or you’re simply not well-read or well-studied, but still calling your uninformed, misinformed musings “free thought”...we see you Kanye...
When about theologians??? After all TRUTH is on our side :-)

Free thinking is the prize  of living in America.....
I thought this was in reference to the Yeezy line, which would still be applicable, as this is how it makes money
Uh....you truly are not as great as in your mind.
People do have their own voice! Kudos to @michelleisawolf for using hers! 
psssst, trump is a globalist, check out his asian sweatshops that steal jobs from americans
pssssst, you are #FAKENEWS 
As a PhD student at Cambridge who studies inequality & democracy, I would be happy to talk with you about this. You're right that the Dems have been failing the poor, but you can go so much deeper. I'd love to give you an hour
I don't think Kanye mentioned "the poor"
Kanye has a long record of talking about classism--I believe he cares about the poor & would love to talk to him about this, if he thinks a conversation with me would contribute positively to his free-thought
I'll take your word for it, he sounds pretty Ayn Rand to me. (Which would make some sense given his occupation)
On second thought, I would be fascinated to see these examples of class conscious Kanye if you have time.
Kanye on class, 2015: https://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/kanye-west-oxford_n_6793482 …
And in 2013:
Fascinating. Be an interesting project to chart Kanye's media diet.
You first Kanye...tell us what you know about narcissism.
Any comments ;) eh @CompassHealthWA lol eh @Comey lol

Independent thinkers like you Kanye. No group think , it is a disease. You should talk with @TuckerCarlson about this . Would be an awesome segment.
i wish he could talk with @marklevinshow they'd have a full Sunday night hour if he went on that show. the 'kanye context' could not get misconstrued in a one to one hour-long chat. that would be a dream and huge ratings.
Forget pundits and their antiquated media outlets...@kanyewest should be on the @joerogan Experience podcast-MUCH bigger audience. #JRE @redban
Take your medicine Kanye

Please expose this movement Kanye.  Not good for America.
#TooRedForEd
I LOVE YOUR MESSAGE @KANYEWEST. This semester I took Contemporary Black Social Philosophy with Dr. Scriven and wrote My Hip-Hop Intellectual Précis about you. I'm so happy to see you proving me right. I argued for you. I believe in you! You taught me confidence and self-worth.
Kanye is so deep and has great meaning in his words.
Right on @kanyewest  This is some ancient Kayne Western medicine you're administering! Keep it up! I've got a fever and the only prescription is more #DragonEnergy
@benshapiro all you need is Ben Shapiro and @jordanbpeterson to set the world straight.
THANK YOU YEEZY!

I always felt Like
 I WAS THE GIRL VERSION OF YOU !!!

Growing up, I always felt DIFFERENT
Outspoken, Unconvential , and a Voice and Leader for the future.

You showed me that WE CAN DO ANYTHING
Beyond our race, sex, age, gender, social class! LOVE CONQUERS ALL
bravo bravo
This is probably one of the best things you've said in awhile. Too many are using the youth of America to meet their narrative or agenda and the youth are either too naive to know or don't care and just love being in the spotlight.
Thank you for defending our right to think for ourselves..Silencing thru peer pressure intimidation,extortion&violence those that disagree with you is not an answer .
Free your mind!
He's saying the right things
Kanye West keep up the good work do not let the Dems stop you and thanks for standing up for what you believe in.
Thank you. Our schools are nothing but propaganda machines. At UT we’re taught that being masculine is a mental illness.
Stop tweeting. Get a therapist.
Well, you just got retweeted into my timeline by a board certified ophthalmologist and ophthalmic surgeon.
Yes. I love the dialogue started against the tide because what is missing in America is civil discussion, respectful debate, and realizing what you think you see may not reflect the reality of a person’s beliefs
G. Damn... Am I becoming a fan of Kanye? I’m a 53 year old white guy?
Pls don't be bought
I truly appreciate the head up.  The man does truly have some great points all self promotion aside. Have a glorious day!
I been woken brother Kanye I see the vision @kanyewest
dude that's exactly what i been saying!
Bravo.
Thinking about you and praying for you. The hatred is real. The evil is real. 
Kanye’s brain is too much, he gonna transform the world 
You are garbage, go away.
Hire me Kanye
Can’t wait for you to inevitably start tweeting about Obama’s birth certificate and Pizzagate
Advertisers & Govts have been using psychologists & sociologists for ages! Read Freud’s nephew, Edward Bernays book Propaganda. JS
Dear Mr. West, we would like to invite you to talk with our class through videoconference. We are high school seniors who take this class dedicated to dialogue and learning about life and the world while/from speaking to others.
I voted for @BarackObama in 2008.  He did nothing for black people, and does not give one hoot about his home town of Chicago, where black people are dying every single day. Where is he now? France? Hawaii? Hangin' w/ Jay-Z and Beyonce?  What a disgrace.
the situation is simple we all forgot that humanity is the core of our existence when it comes to politics, society, religion, and even the resistance. we are a family no matter what anyone thinks. if you think to much youll never listen to the heart of all.
I can’t get past the idea of a psychologists sociologists...on sooooo many levels.
Had planned to study psychology as my major - never finished college. The ‘soft’ sciences have their place in the medical world...
I am stuck on a sociologist that’s an expert in the society that psychologists have created amongst themselves rather than a sociologist who’s an expert in how psychologists have enabled society to be controlled through social engineering, and I sincerely can’t get past that...
No, you’re right - a LOT has changed over the last 25 years or so in that arena. And Philosophers - eh, you’ll always have people pontificating about any subject under the sun.
I think the point is that you can’t just listen to the same voices all the time - can’t learn that way!
I think before you pontificate to a large group of people you should understand the concept of epistemology.
Yeah, but nobody ever said he HAD to...
Kanye you are a great critical thinker. You’ve awakened the minds and you’ve sparked debate. Awesome!
Listen to Kanye West - Lift Yourself(Remix) by THEAFTERPARTY #np on #SoundCloud

In many ways, the social sciences (psychology, sociology, and economics) have become political weapons and not genuine pursuits of truth and understanding.
I'm guessing you haven't heard about gender theory being taught in primary schools then
He has. He has good intentions, but the sociologists and psychologists of the world are part of the reason we are in this mess.
Agreed
Did you see Hillary’s America film by @DineshDSouza? That woke many!
Oh wow, I am liking this a whole hell of a lot!. I am actually loving it a whole hell of a lot!!.
Y'all need urban planners...?
@jordanbpeterson is breaking it wide open!  learn The far left is making you a slave to the government “you are all victims” “helpless” #sheeple Trump is trying to keep us from becoming London ffs Acid & knife attacks! #buildthewall #maga #firstamendment 
bro drop the album

Thank you for opening the door to free thinking!  I am neither Democrat nor Republican,  but have my eyes wide open to the Liberal brain washing that has been occurring.  I am for all things positive for this country! #NoMoreGroupThinking #ThinkFree
Amen
Kanye, I teach in an L.A. high school where we were told it was our job to turn our students into “Democratic votes.” Literally. Those words. We are discouraged from teaching independent thought. The reason I turned away from the Left so hard.
Psychologists, sociologists and philosophers of the world? The answer lies not in psychology, or sociology nor in philosophy Kanye, the answer lies in Christ alone. He is made unto us Wisdom, sanctification, righteousness, and redemption.
Watch @VibeHi and @handymayhem

I've never been much of a fan, but I gotta give my respect because you're defending free speech and independent thinking. Thanks for your voice
Keep it up #Kanye!! Minds are popping!!

Hey- I have energy- after 1pm and before 2pm.
I'm sorry my qwueen
Then why did you say Emma Gonzalez was ur hero lol. Ur doing exactly what ur warning against
Hmmmm......
Check out @jordanbpeterson, he’s an incredible philosopher and psychologist from Canada and is arguably one of the best intellectual minds we have in this generation.
I wouldn't go that far, considering we're making comparisons without observing the competition.  But he does have knowledge to offer the world.
To each their own I suppose, I think he’s brilliant.
You've become a pawn.

He got the trolls too! - How cute.
Illegal imigration, why would any parent think that it is ok to teach their children this.
Illegal imigration, why would any parent think that it is ok to teach their children this.
Why don’t young people go to school to learn from professors who are educated and have studied these subjects for years?

Oh yea, they can’t afford it bc of conservatives. 

Anyone up to discuss Sartre?
Brava!
....says the guy who says a teenage "youth" is his hero? Now we all know you're just in it for the analytics, Ye. Step away from Twitter...go hold your baby for a while.
You have to talk to @jordanbpeterson
Agreed!
No you're not. What you're doing is reading what select people text you, or spoon feed you.  Be a man.  Read books.  Real books.  A lot of them.  And then think for yourself, with no one spoonfeeding you what to think.
Who’s we? Get real you’re a part of a machine that destroys youth, families, traditions, bonds and benefits from death, poverty, destruction and corruption. If you were to create your own shoe and give jobs to people in need maybe we could believe in yeezus.

ICE Acting Director Thomas Homan: “I worked for six different presidents, none of them has done more than Donald Trump has for border security and law enforcement.” 
@kanyewest WHAT DO YOU THINK WE SHOULD/ CAN DO TO DEPROGRAM THE YOUTH OF TODAY WHO ARE BRAINWASHED THROUGH THE MUSIC OF THEIR GENERATION?
Can we open up some schools for adults? Where is your punctuation and grammar?
The best philosopher, by far, is @StefanMolyneux.

FOLLOW HIM and learn the badly-needed wisdom for today's crazy times.
Like @Emma4Change and the exploitation of youth in the anti-self defense movement?
Hmm....because YEEZY’s have created their own cult following with the youth, does this mean no more YEEZY’s??  or are y’all excluded...
.AVICCII has a voice still nobody hear’s it but the wicked 

You can see in his video exposing child trafficking connected to Branding /NXIVM
It is so sad today how few people can really think for themselves. Just look at what is happening on our college campuses today? There is no real debate about the burning issues that affect all of our lives. It’s all about indoctrination and don’t dare have a different opinion.
shut up i'm over you
High-end cool expensive brands is part of it too. Kids that can't afford YEEZY, feel left out and some will do WHATEVER to get some YEEZY TO not feel left out. To fit in. "YOU AIN'T GOT NO YEEZY N****" 
@kanyewest doesn’t care about black people
Well said!
#WorldLove1; the movement we've been needing! #LOVEisPOWER
Just heard @RushLimbaugh discuss in depth the genius of this tweet. Keep spreading the truth and hope for expanded thinking to help people open their minds to freedom and individuality. Kanye!
Listen to Why they Bang like dat (NWA remix)- BlakJak by Dallas Blakkjakk Burgess #np on #SoundCloud
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit #QAnon #TruthMovement #JusticeForSethRich #PizzagateIsReal
https://soundcloud.com/lordluminous/j-zeus …
Shallow people thinking they're deep. Self delusion.
Absolutely correct! Stay Strong and brace against the attacks from those who want to silence you!
This is a very exciting time to be an AMERICAN
First @ScottAdamsSays , I can’t wait till @kanyewest discovers @jordanbpeterson   #mentalhealth
Damn bruh you really did take the red pill didn't you
Plz utilize commas. I know I'm knit-picking at this point, but how can you be the greatest voice of a generation and not know when to use commas in a sentence?
Everything you just outlined is in this non profit I started for the south side of Chicago. 

Psychologists  
Shelter  
New technologies  
Create actual change 
Kanye is really striking a cord lately. Good! We need to challenge what is being said, we need to freely think and feel safe to voice our opinions. I’m actually proud of Kanye. I used to think he was an arrogant a**hole, but he’s really grown. Thanks, Kanye!
Trump actually accomplishing shit, Kanye West actually being the clear voice of reason #mindblown
I’ve listened to S-Town and I’m 99% sure that Kanye West has recently started fire-gilding
Kanye....the youth are not following any sort of cult...look again...the youth want change. They want to be heard....give them your platform.....see the change the youth can make before its one of your kids that is in a school that is targeted by violence and hate.
Wat
Have you been trying to recruit me to a cult this whole time
A Kanye cult would be somethin’ strange hahahahaha
I'm a million percent here for it too hahaha
I could get down with some Yeezus ritual, @kanyewest lmk if there are any developments fam
KAYNE you are waking up and I'm loving it! We need to rid ourselves of the Cults Antifa, BLM, Scientology, KKK, to name a few
Kanye run for Congress in California take Maxine out of government you will win.
It's so funny u say that the media is to blame 4 all that. It's a cancer that keep growing it makes super stars of losers n bad influences n exploit them n make vulnerable minds wanna follow n be like them
That is a great endeavor ! Each human being should explore their own uniqueness , talents and dreams in a free society that caters to achieving success !
*Based off of a desire to not be mass murdered during school hours
and a Good Time was had by all.
"based off a desire to fit in"
Yep! Much of the activism, the protesting, the boycotting, the censoring is indicative of the inevitable loss of community incurred in the pursuit of politically correct globalism.
@antipcnyuprof  Kanye is calling!
Kanye makes a good point. How can you trust a 17 year old to make a political decision when their main concerns are “how to fit in”. That leaves a person wide open to bad influences. We all know this. We all made these mistakes. It’s not really a slam on them.

Yeah, but you don’t know enough facts to be trying to speak up. You might be a musical genius, but it appears that you don’t know shit about anything else.
Read "Shadowmen" by @Napoleonlegal
Someone please slap Kanye !!!
So do those kids.
Freedom must start within your own mind!
*We're *psychologists, *sociologists, *world.  *We're *in.  *People *voice. Let's start with grammar.  #GrammarMatters #WednesdayWisdom
Can I put this on my graduation cap... lol @kanyewest
Please go away.
You are legitimately the ONLY person I follow on twitter, you intrigue me, I like the fact you’d rather be an eagle and soar than flock like a pigeon...
Too bad yours sucks as much as your choices in personal relationships. ROFLMAO
@m_joseph519
Freedom in America!...yes
Friends don't let friends become radically mainstream.
I don't want to be anything 
Other than what I've been trying to be lately 
All I have to do is think of me and I have peace of mind 
I'm tired of looking around rooms wondering what I gotta do 
Or who I'm supposed to be 
I don't want to be anything other than me ~ Gavin DeGraw
Interesting
Poop de di scoop
Yeezy force change the narrative & pushing us kicking and screaming into the Golden Age. Dont fight it haters, just let go & enjoy the ride
They need to teach kids how to meditate, stop seeing color, creative problem-solving skills, acceptance, not to bully and to love one another. 
A desire to fit in with your peers is literally every tweens/teens/young adults goal.  Makes them listen to popular music, buy same clothes, same shoes etc.  How is Yeezy moving away from this Kanye?
A dollar a day is less then we pay in sales tax .... a strong enough voice could do this ... THE PEOPLES LOTTO $ 1 a day  in 10 years 10% of america could be debt free or have a chance to better thier lives , do this without the help of goverment ...
#Kanye is doing what #Trump did. He makes a statement that supports what the majority think and they forget who he is and what he has always stood for.. #DontBeFooled #TricksForAttention

U doing inspirational things man 
"W3 N33D U3" Stay up man
Fantastic news!  So, the whole "my hero" thing was???  Reconsidered???
Doesn't really matter.  Good news.
Perez is being silly. Kanye wants the smartest in each field to do see if what we have been doing to kids these days is healthy or productive. Music, TV, and APPS, have robbed so many kids from their youth. and kids are used
Sounds like you are acting on your words. You have a great support team in America #MAGA GOD bless
You made your future infiltrating youth and using them.
know of a young person who had a voice/mind went to college & was drastically changed into “group think” very cult-like. 
Love it.
Then tell the liberals and the MSM to free the parkland kids from their CNN contracts.
Goddamn man, you are spitting fire these days.

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
He knows. You all need to know your just puppet, buying and consuming goods you don't need to fill pockets of people who wouldn't take a second glance
AMEN   

INDIVIDUALITY  

NOVEL 

GODS PLAN
Really......Kanye just became every white conservatives "black friend" who justifies their bigotry. 

Have fun.
You can't have my money Kanye.

and human rights to include personal individual SOVEREIGNTY
I like these words
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @RealJamesWoods @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
@kanyewest tell them about Vancouver, the simulation, child rape and why your tour “somehow” didn’t make it here those times.
Amen!#MAGA-KAG
Listen to our future...it’s ok to let go, because tomorrow is a new beginning!
You cuckoo.
Right on Brother !! 

Kanye, stay your ground! There are so many voices/people that stand behind you. Behind all races there is a story of hate and war. Not ONE race has faced disrespect, many have, I just choose not to carry the hate, evil it carries.
