Open my own hair salon :) but takes more money than I have saved up
I would take in every unloved, abused, ill or abandoned child and provide them with unconditional love, common sense, safety, drive to be a good citizen teaching them to care for and respect the dignity of others.
I'd finish the screenplay that I started in 2012. These characters still live in my head and I cannot let them go.
Finish your screenplay. Just do it,  you'll grow old wondering what could've happened if you didn't?
Gosh there's an abundance of options I can think of
@TaraTNA what would those options be?
Moving. Quit my career and weekend job. Putting all my money into stock (gamble with life) .....
@TaraTNA I hear you on that, wouldn't it be nice? Lol!!!  but failure is not your option. The hustle continues :)
Exactly
Buss a nut on the world sky diving to be morally correct Ayyyee 
Excellent question, worthy of much thought! I personally would do all I could to bring truth and light into a dark and heartbroken world as best I could..I might fail, but if only one person sees that light and feels the comfort of it, I have succeeded.
Erase hate out the world.
Quit my job, and travel the world full time.
Become a nudist
HASHTAG SUICIDE ,,
Sending love your way 
@jayychaks
I love like that everyday
I love you for being free!

I see u swangin in that Uber On the daily
Buy the dip.
Heroin
Make music of all genres and get it published
@Jihadd_ won't study Database and procrastinate on Twitter 
Hahahaha
Im scared and still procrastinating on twitter 
Trump would no longer be president. He’s doing so much harm to so many people. It will take our country st least a generation to recover.
I'm doing it. Crystal are you?
Yes I am Louis and also encouraging my man to do it. It’s amazing what we can bring into fruition with our minds. 
Elaborate, if it's convenient for you.
Let's see if we can speak it into existence and have @kanyewest give one of his fans (you) a shout out on this post. Can you see it Crystal? Enough for it to happen?
I always do
Find a route that makes a supreme effect of success...
Introduce you to @RevDocBrenda @BrianBantum @repjohnlewis @eji_org @EugeneCho @DerwinLGray @deray @ava and so many others. 

Ask you to take them out to lunch one by one and listen to them tell you what they see in you. 

Listen. Be open. Grow. Change. 
We know you can do better.
I’ve done this everyday since I had my first son in 1985. Life Marathon! Strong single mother. Kanye - I’m sorry you lost your mother. I lost mine 10 years ago and it changed me . Love you
Write a book that would help others
I have never attended fashion week or any high end show but we can create a different way of experiencing fashion in the traditional setting of a runway. What you are creating needs to be experienced in a way that pairs with your essence: unconventional.
Smack the hell out of u
Become a doctor
Rob a bank
Knowing consequences of failure is one thing, knowing probability of failure is another.
I'm already doing it.  I bought my bookstore 5 years ago despite everyone telling me NO NO NO!  I wish I had done this 20 years ago.
Eat a family sized pack of Oreos
Get drunk and not study for my test tomorrow
I would do what Thanos did in the Avengers!
Is it illegal to try and see as many titties as possible without failure?
I support that
I love it when people support others dreams
I would open a car wash but if I failed.  I wouldn’t be able to provide for my family.   My problem is I know I can successfully do it. Just scared
Top of my list.. Sr people neighborhood
1b. pay for my granddaughters’ school air conditioning in gym        2. Start a good business.                        3. Meet Kanye , Trump, and Malania  4. Take a long vacation                                  5. Get face filler  makeover.
To strengthen her state of mind and independently sufficient Star of happiness. She was so excited after our conversation as I taught her certain methods of achieving true stable happiness learnt from studying certain Buddhist practices I learnt from..
H.H Dalai Lama . She was so excited to find her new self and live in it . This was after one very long phone call conversation after returning from sessions upon sessions of therapy from some mental therapist. I had told her last week therapists are the ..
Biggest scam America created in the history of scams. The human mind is the most complex of organisms, animals’ maybe even beings which up Till today nobody except God has been able to really decipher or predict. If it it was possible we won’t have no form of..
Suffering whatsoever wherever.  There would be no war no illnesses whatsoever but since the reverse is the case but I won’t go too deep into this else my account my be shutdown for the second time in 3 mins. Cus someone is offended certain truths are now..
Being told.  This is why I slight with the new Kanye because like us all he’s also human . Yes his Position as a celebrity has only done an injustice to the struggles he goes through sometimes just like all of us but the difference is his issues are..
Liposuction
work on verb agreement
lay in my bed still
Too many things yo 
buy more #xvg to set up for the future, freedom with privacy as a choice @vergecurrency @kanyewest
Design amazing jeans. But you need money to make money.
Take over the world
Continue to save lives  #suicideshatters #nevergiveup #youmatter #imhereforyou #fightthedemons #mentalhealthawareness
I would probably be famous like you.
i would drop out of school and follow my dream of becoming a singer
Quit my job and create
Drawl
I would call you a commodity fetishist so amped on his capacity for creation that he forgot how disgusting is consumerism as an ideological foundation for any society that is to be respected, and a punk, yeah, a li'l punk.
That’s not even my factor. Yet this question makes me think and ask my inner self... What would you do today if you were financially healthy with no feeling of fear of the consequences of failure. 
Pitch my brand and my idea of how it’s going to change the world to Kanye West.
I would take control of a 787 and try to fly it to Iceland.
Exactly what I am doing. We are human, we make mistakes. It's how we learn from those mistakes that sets the tone for who we truly are. Cheers for being human and learning from our mistakes
Failure should not bring about fear.
Failure means that there was an attempt.
I'm gonna propose my crush
Anal
Become a rockstar
Wish to travel
Hit my MD so hard he stops being a prick!
Stop taking someone’s opinion who’s not living a lifestyle I would trade places with.
Make a lot of controversy to promote my mixtape 
The same thing I do every day. I get up and go work on whatever I can achieve each day. amazing what you can accomplish if you just take steps everyday.
Chill out
Where is your duo @ItsTheCons #bestie
Probably wouldn’t hop on this flight home from Seoul and instead stay in Asia and keep traveling and experiencing the world.
Beat you so blue black you would make “took my ass back to School”
The greatest album of your career.
Fly
Opening my own business but I’ve decided not to allow anything or anyone hold me back . I’m looking for a mentor,saving money to invest in my dreams and preparing for the steps I need to take.I’d rather try and fail then to never try at all..
Make money obsolete
Skydiving
I could tell you what I’d do if I wasn’t afraid of the consequences of success. But I won’t.
Become the next Donald trump
Daddy hack through coaches bunt sign
You should never be afraid of failure for it teaches you how to succeed. There’s no success without struggle.
What I am doing right now! @kanyewest  Thanks for 
Asking? @POWERSPEAKS 
WE GOT THE POWER! http://thepowermag.com 
rob a bank and escape the cops
Shoot my shot lol
It’s not abt the consequences..if I had the money and resources!
Ya mam
Quit my job, sell my car and travel away with @LarryGraham01 for SURE! 
still play Overwatch
Build O'Neil Type space habitats.
Try and buy a juul even tho I'm under 18
Shit in my neighbours letter box
@natisantop
garota...
Quit my job to pursue music
This is a good though, but not an original one.
yes and the correct answer is “the same shit i already did today”
Smack you
No bitch u wish


RED PILL
"Fuck the KKK" @kanyewest 
Talk to my dead Grandparents again
Slavery wasn't a choice
Buy a bottle of Dragon Energy and Tiger Blood!
Say what I would do if I wasn’t afraid of the consequences
Spend my life savings & move to Hollywood to work for a career in the film industry. I was more knowledgeable than any of my classmates in film school, but don't want to become homeless. I strongly believe I've got what it takes, it's what I've been told by everyone all my life.
Quit my job and start up a foster home
I would move to Tijuana so I could be close to the one I love
I would take risks helping the education system even if I failed at it. I will feel relieved knowing that I tried.
Invest alllll my money into @corporatekiller
Everything.
I’d walk right up to him and tell him that I’m still madly in love with him...
Out here tweeting the enivitable
post on ig a video with a cover of the .no fear. song of djjazzyjeff w rhymes about 1 love
I would perform my song in front of you, Kanye!
You are my virtual brother from another mother!
Keep fighting, failure is not a  option but a beginning. Keep fighting for love of success. Success doesn't have to add up to millions either, just happiness and peace of mind. 
U good bro don't let these people get to you ....
Be a 35 year old rapper/producer
I'm not, so I'd do the things I'm doing now.
start my own software company.
Quit my job
Live a lil less fearless is all ... we all alone here together
Have sex
I könnte meine Gefühle zeigen ohne Angst zu haben.
Quit my job and go all out on my visions/ideas/inventions #failureofnocompensation
I would become a singer
wow, amazing question. I would explore all cultural experiences. quite my job, travel, explore, discover..Live and not just exist. Unfortunately, our lives have been enslaved with money and currency and trade and ownership of things that have no real value.
Just tell me this is all for attention and I'll understand.
I'd take out a business loan so I can buy up houses, charge a fair rent, and use to profits to improve the homes.
If I could do what I like without consequence I would make music with the greatest. Learn, absorb and apply the talents of my idols! @drdre @kanyewest @2chainz @gucci1017 @OffsetYRN @QuavoStuntin @1YoungTakeoff
Start a chain of barbershops
So so much more than I did yesterday
I would take out my retirement and open a organic nail and beauty parlor. I will have many franchises and become a great example for our youth.
I would ask you to fund our project to build an arts center for under served students in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
I’ve done stuff regardless of inner fears, so I cannot relate to the question 
I am doing it as we speak. FINALLY @kanyewest
Quit my job as Registered Nurse and follow my dreams and become a Movie Producer.
Im not,thats just a side effect of poor operation planning
How can I send you my poetry book titled Evolution of Awareness when it release?
Tell the truth
Quit my job to go to Mortuary school.  I missed my chance when I was younger - too late now - afraid of losing my house.
Enjoy myself
Failure is not an option
Quit my job and do something I love instead.
Murder rape
Re innovate whatevers on Earth for us all
Quit my job and go back to school full time and start a business.
@JacobSibabalwe
Admit my feelings for one of my best female friends.
Drink the Koolaid?
@kanyewest I would get married.
Thank you for this tweet @kanyewest 
Life-changing!
Get that dick
Only way to live is to FEAR meaning face everything and recover that’s how we conquer and live fearless
Be myself.  100% myself.
Start a business
Invest my money into real estate.
I’d live in a van down by the river.
Not be like you
I’d fly
What you eating for breakfast Kanye?

FRESH
https://open.spotify.com/track/3e5MMUyT3x14vW2T8jJoCg …

#baconeggandcheesesong
I will do anything that’s gonna make me succeed 
I’d release music, make some riskier crypto trades. Drop some videos.
Rapper Grammar Checker: what would you do today if you WERE not afraid of the consequences of failure?
I would do everything on my power to get you mind off dragon energy and back into Jesus walks with me. Jesus defeats the dragon Satan in Revelations. Read it. You’re on the wrong team you have fake power. The Holy Ghost is Real power
Privileged quotes.
Keep going today, tomorrow and the next #SoliderOn 
Go Airstreaming across North America with wife and two daughters!
Kanye..you are an Empath.
Its a gift. I know cause I am Empathic to.
You see beyond and you feel others feelings..start researching it.
Punch you in the mouth. 
Become a book critic
Make an album
Idk
I would fly from San Diego to Connecticut and be with the man I love
Stick a cherry tomato in Skeletors eye socket
You’d probably turn White. #kanyeiswhite
Same question that was stuck in the minds of slaves.
I've always placed immense value on the child like innocence. it is essential to our existence. and we are pushed away from it constantly.
Tell my ex I still love her
i prob wouldnt say slaves were willing
I wouldn’t say they were either but you can’t say complacency didn’t become a factor “now you just do what massa and ms Jessie say now that’s the way it’s got to be round here”
Heard this stuff before...not new under the sun
Doubt your listening...would continue to ask you
How many times did you read invisible man...cause i am willing to bet its 1 or 0
Succeed
Tell you exactly what the world thinks about you.
Maya A said believe people when they tell you who they are. Trump wrote books on conning people
Do 90 on a freeway.. just 90.
What would you do if you were not afraid of the consequences of judgement?
Going all out ALL THE FUCKING WAYYYYY .. TAKING WHAT I THINK I DESERVE AND MORE without judgement of another
I would get on a plane and move my ass to the Philippines ... 
Try to ride a weasel, of course.
Oh please, don't you have a tour to plan? Go ahead, get away from Twitter for a little dear!
Pretend I know the lottery numbers and play.
Pick up and move to California.
I'd finally live!
Finish the Novel I started. Publish my Memoir and pen some other commentary.
invest in a business. I want to open locations where it’s safe to smoke weed and do crafts, as well as serve food :)
You should never be afraid of failure
You would never learn how to grow
We definitely know what you would do...

WE will NOT be MOVED!!!!!  STANDING AGAINST EVIL!!!!!!!    Until we achieve 100% VICTORY in JESUS" NAME!!!!!   Powerful message, LISTEN for encouragement!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imEiOulxHpY&t=150s …
Quit my job to trade full time.
I have never been afraid of failure. One must know how to fail in order to succeed.
