fuck you man....
You need therapy #ASAP
Not yours.
And so is just being good at what you do in everyday life. Sad isn't it?
Please say he's joking.....
at least if it is not censored aka written word
No knowledge  of what has actually been done is the threat... tick tock
nailed it. and it's time to stand up and say the satanic s#*t they are pushing on society is NOT ART and bring back the love.Praying for you.God Bless you and your precious family. You are going up against demons.Keep the armor of God on at all times.
I think you and Billy Corgan of The Smashing Pumpkins would have great conversations regarding where artists sit looking forward. I implore you to find that opportunity. Both of Chicago, both artists in music, and I believe you two think similarly. It would build a lovely bridge.
That is why artists are the first to 'go' in a socialist or communist environment.
Wanna lead a meme war?
its sad watching you lower yourself either that or you actually don't realize your going insane
I love you kanye... You are the only positive thing happening right now.
Authority is the most dangerous superstition. ;)
Authority is a lie
Homie.....you make designer priced homeless clothes tf is u talkin bout 
Especially when done with heart
Fuck of kace
Art is everything and anything


Only if the message is heard
Looks like authority had nothing to worry about with you and the shit you try to pass off as art.
There is no authority above the self. Anyone arguing otherwise is a moron.
lucky what you do isn't remotely close to art! kim 's are more artistic than ANYTHING you do...

I completely agree
they dont want you to be a free being
@jordanbpeterson says no, that would be propaganda

Like if kanye should go off media for a while.
Big Bucks
Guess who made this
and so it should be used to fight oppression by authority. #imisstheoldkanye 
It is a threat to Capitalism, cuz it’s not a product or a business.
I JUST SAID ART~I LIKE IT!
YES ART, ART, ART! THERE ARE SO MANY CONCEPTS & TOPICS TO EXPLORE #BEAUTIFUL! CREATIVITY COMES RUSHING IN WITH THE IDEA OF ART...=)) COLORING STARTS IN CHILDHOOD! ItGetsRefined~CRAYONS TO MARKERS..PaintCanvasCharcoalColorPencils..
Playdooh TO CLAY..#ART
Art is the mass interpretation and perception of who is in authority brah...
fArt is the threat to dignity
Your art appears to be the ally of authority.
Plato knew that.
This is why he banned most of the arts from his imagined Republic
Omari u ain’t wrong
WHCD

#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Good distraction frees us from emotional pain. Bad distraction gives you a mouth full of whizz.
Guru Tugginmypudha
https://soundcloud.com/bluboyzar/twothousand … 
Utsho khona!
Ping pong balls are the ennui to fairness.
El puto amo
Kanye for real tho do yoy tweet in the shower? These be mad shower thoughts
Real words tend to work, 
Fake words fade away,
Bitcoin is Art. Crypto Anarchy becoming a threat. @kanyewest you should get on @realytcracker's level. Do the tweet. Do it.  

https://youtu.be/fZfg1Gtcg08 

#Bitcoin #ltc #hodl
Authority has been given to me, 
So I decide,
Define Art
So true
Or at least it should be. Beware corporate art usually termed "modern art".

Hi! We're reshaping the future of Art on the blockchain making it accessibile to Everyone! Anyone will be a player in a new, transparent art ecosystem. Art as a theatre, not only a threat :) Please Kanye, take a look!
Use it!
So is sticking up for a facist
Art is an important pre-cursor to politics. Brietbart knew it. The left has had a strangle hold on art and culture for 60 years. The good and the bad art. Whatever. Kanye may be the one to break the orthodoxy of the left.
Lol
Jordan Peterson
Platform + power = persuasion! Use it!
art influences many and the oppressors only want you influenced by them therefore they will find a nutcase to kill truth #ripjohnlennon find doctors to fill you with drugs #ripMJ #Prince Truth is they kill all great people ! ShellaSalaam did not drown
Conservatism is the new counter culture

No human being can be reduced to what we see, or think we see. Any person can be infinitely larger, and deeper, than our minds can discern..

Systems become corrupt in the absence of competition. If competition can not come from within the system, it will come from outside....

We move in silence. We move invisible. #TheQuietRevolution

Interestingly enough, Plato wanted music regulated by state for this very reason.
As you can tell over the centuries music has proved unregulatable, one of the few things left on the planet that they just can't really fuck with....he…

"When I lived in LA, #American culture influenced me, I then used this to penetrate the culture of my own pple"@felakuti 

#FF @cvfoundation

@Spotify 

The 1969 #LosAngeles Sessions
What they kno 'bout #felakuti 's #LifeInLA¿
…
Point of note, a real artist does not put any politician(either side of any divide) above the people...they create from outside the system, and bring the revolution  into the system. Ain't no MAGA, only 1776
Real art cannot be created without a sense of political freedom, thus revolutionary art is a fight for freedom.
Specifically, Music is the greatest threat. Any kind art can be used for evil & for good, however it is very hard to do propaganda with music.
Any musical innovation is full of danger to the whole State. When modes of music change, the State always changes with them. ~ Plato
Um...its easiest to do propaganda with music. It's how history and false history is handed down to children who grow up with it as their belief system.
I’m an artist that’s not ok art is a form of exspression
Art only threatens authority when you make it not all the time 
Cool, let us know when you become an artist.
Art is the heart from authority. #Humanities101 #CollegeDropOut 
Bitcoin is the threat to authority and Roger Ver.
deutsch übersetzung: kunst ist 1 bedrohung der authoritäten
Danke Kurti, dank deiner Übersetzumg kamn jetzt auch meine Omi endlich Kanye lesen und Weisheit aufsaugem
Yep
Ummmmm @realDonaldTrump cuts funding for the arts tho 
YOUR IMAGINATION IS THE AMMUNITION
ART IS THE WEAPON!!!
rape is
@KrisJenner ARE YOU THE AUTHORITY? @kanyewest I don't think you're crazy. You're out of touch with regular people.
So true... Mao Tse Tung's cultural revolution robbed the world of so much art.

If you guys could please RT and get my boy @ken_jr_ name out there. He has a voice that deserves to be heard. Full Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyJ_oNfKrok … 
Musicians usually say it's music.
Take that authority.
Because, it's deep and truth.. some people are afraid of Love because they are too afraid.

Art is a machine gun, Crypto and Bitcoin are the nuclear weapon.
Except when it's Kanye's art I guess
You've obviously not read Adorno..
Here i thought I was special. ,or my name isn't #Art

Art has boundaries and laws like everything else.
It’s not.
True art is. No doubt!


Or its propaganda for authority
boycotts are the threat to authority.
So is the low IQ commercialized trap rap your contemporaries make an act of conformity? Marketing? 
Must get old being an intelligent person in the rap industry. Majority of your peers are fools.
Start making some then. Step one: learn to play an instrument.
@TheSharkDaymond is an example of this
art can mock masters
But you celebrate a president who wants to cut funding for the arts... Smh. #
Or, at least, it should be.
Whoopi di scoop 
And frustration for the weak..
Obviously. Because it is speech.
I’ll admit, you’re making a few certain points
This nigga lol smh
No Kanye, I’m not buying your new album.
https://www.gofundme.com/5h7qavk  any and everything helps ... i just want to get back to life again
Thank you! Nice work Kanye!
Guns.
Ass kisser
Pavlensky, is that you?
Art is a lot of things today
Freedom of thought is what makes the State uneasy about being able to control the masses. If they lose control, they can’t do what they think their job is.
YZY 2020

Penile hole.
@art_sefedini1
LEGITIMATE POWER IS NOT A THREAT 2 LEGITIMATE AUTHORITY. #LiarsBeWarned #MAGA #BaOfRa
How much weed are you smoking, dude?
omgosh, you’re right. You’ve answered the “what is art?” question. 
As long as it doesn’t reinforce the tools of authority. Which 90% of contemporary art does.
Authority is the threat to Art
Then you gotta stop doing music.
#artistheauthority
Not always-no way to tell how many Renaissance painters were told to  "Change it" by the wealthy.
Yo, you need to expose 'modern art' for the money laundering sham that it is!  Through the Art in Embassies program, the 'elite' get to ship anything they want around the world w/o going thru customs!  Everyone do yo own research!!
Art is everything
As @russdiemon  said "they don't wanna be themselves because they don't know themselves."
Just know if something happens to you you're going down as a hero in my book
Yeah like this...
i mean yeah but can we appreciate the art i did in eighth grade for an assignment
Authority is a threat to art....
Itumo
sometimes i start to think you’re a threat to art kanye smh
Oh please ... sit down!
I'm pretty sure that worked. Good job 

http://thinkbigadam.com 
Influence is the threat to Art.
Or a means of social engineering by the ruling elite, as in your case?

@NickJFuentes
New ideas are a threat to authorities
He right, he right...
You are the threat to intelligence
@KennyKnox THIS IS ABOUT U

Contrarianism for contrarianism's sake
Thats why they ask you if you are creative on job surveys
Ask WHO started Planned Barrenhood? WHO funded PP? Elites...compare abortion rates of black people vs Caucasian...abortion policies instituted in part to control the Black Population.@MagniFieri @realDonaldTrump @AnnCoulter
Je suis artiste. 
#Music is #Art
If graffiti changed anything it would be illegal
“Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.”                                                   @zappa
When the,"left" have become the controlling fascists, it takes real artists to rock the boat
I like to think that Shostakovich was a badass.
So why rent yours out to them big bro?
u r playing right into the hand of authority man dont get it twisted
Sksssss skssss skssss skssss !
Shhhh
Please, be more threatening to authority.
Sell that album
Sometimes Authority is a threat to Art ..just saying
Curious comment
No, loyalty threatens pseudo-authority.
Objective Art affirms Authority.
which is endless because we're buffering our spirit instead of letting others hear it 
so lets move a little forward with our truth now showing letting our spirit and truth room for glowing growing
art has been opressed politically societally spiritually and religiously its been tucked in a corner waiting its turn its done nothing but wait listen observe and learned all about our pain and suffering
That’s why they keep cutting school budgets in the arts. Why do you think Art and Music are always the first to go?!!! #c’monkanye
Or as Basquiat put it...
People have all the power!
The LAW IS! Believe it or not, it works!
Control the culture, control the politics...


And bad art can be a threat to your senses
Art from reason to feeling 
Unless the artist is trying to make a buck.
Art is freedom of expression
Kanye understands. Just waiting for real people to break free from slavery
#art
#art
#art
