I miss the old  kanye (and the old music)  from way back before you married kim. Dont get me wrong, i luv kim but  something happened once you joined the family. Come back kanye, come back.
It’s funny, the quote you feature in your bio Kanye is being himself. You don’t seem to like that...go find yourself another “favourite quote “.

Sunken place got furniture and plants now? Oooh noiiiiice
Bruh you can download those photos and post them, you don’t need to screenshot it like that.
Do you know how to crop photos?
Hey Dad, can you crop the photos please?
I kinda like this for an album cover
This aesthetic is so beautiful!
.Is that an EVERGREEN?? 
#Dropbox #ReleaseTheTexts #Unredacted #Qanon #Renegade #DraftEmail
Time on the screen shot says 17:17 17 is Q numerically. Q:Q pretty amazing stuff Kanye, Keep it up and God Bless Patriot!
LOL!! Wow you really pay attention to detail. Interesting.
I've been following Q for months now. God Bless Patriot!
Been following since day one and still 
would not have noticed that.
I'm one of the Autists
Kanye West has the courage of a Rosa Parks. Kanye is the beginning of a pivotal point in the black community where they will think for themselves and not bend to peer pressure. Kanye is a profile in courage. I have been waiting for this to happen for decades. Thank you Kanye.
Cold and Uninviting like your music

This how I'ma be when Kanye drop his new album 
There are millions of haters out there. You are better than them all. Don't lower yourself to their standards by responding to their childish unfounded tweets. If they cannot accept you for you...screw em...but be YOU. 
Good advice for anybody.
design my house but im broke
the 'I'm rich and like aesthetics but I choose the broke nigga' look'
Is that a marijuana plant?
Fawwwk Donald Trump
Cmon man.
Wow this looks so relaxing
Listen to Used To (Prod. FUNKYOU X FRED DRIK) by JINXXXTHACURSE #np on #SoundCloud
why
Is that your new sunken place…?
Like if you think Kanye is crazy 
Crop your tweets
What did I do to you?
Don’t you know how to crop images? smh
RtFOLLOW HIM! Please! https://twitter.com/lizcabrera55/status/989868435256631298 …
Buy Artpop on iTunes
Is ıt your house ?
Your next album will be called Monsteria.
Kanye is the new Rosa Parks. He's a profile in courage, who will not bend to the hateful left. He's the lastest free thinker in the black community.
Have a frond, fren
Hey Kanye I heard a bunch of people, “celebrities” unfollowed you.  No worries my man, I’m following you now so F THem!
Is there a Yezzy home Collection coming soon..
No one cares.
Sure thing.

BEAUTIFUL LIKE YOU
Love me

hi
Somebody teach this man how to crop


Someone please show him how to crop pics lol 
Your face could use a crop too
Kanye is just a dad who doesnt know how to crop photos
If this is a Pinterest board, I would like to follow it.
Love u big bro da real one$ believe n #Yeezus 
Ok im gonna take a break now. Sometimes a person need to vent especially since im always the listener and the go to for advice person. Thanks for reading
Future Pres, every kid should get free lunch. Why should ppl who pay taxes still have to pay for lunch and ppl who choose not to work get theirs free. Not being equal here.
When u become President. I want u to change the way of teaching. School should be a fun happy place if its gonna take 12yrs of life away
The teacher calls me for my son and says Matthew not doing his social studies homework. Matthew is 9 he should be happy enjoying life not stressing over homework
My son couldnt go to career day cause his career wasnt there...he wanted to be a you tuber
How can our kids be our future when we teaching them about our past..old text books, old racial stories, all this algebra not gonna use...
Im a gemini so yes im gonna be all over the place. So many thoughts brain wont stop wandering..lol
I have an educated heart vs an educated brain. I did learn but i didnt remember all that nonsense i learned in school.
Hi its me Kim M, yep gonna keep reaching out to u on ur least amount of comments hoping u see me. You are not alone. Trust me im just like u heart wise
#minimalporn
Can let you finish Yeezus but YAHSHAWAH Russian AND  I got some psalms from the extremely high God of Israel And it's time for exodus 2 


You pain call me 
 bless up 7Asiatic Temple Negro Mecca for soul of Haiti AFRICA FOR AFRICANS to be a good time with HISTORY

Arguing over two self-obsessed twats! What a way to spend a weekend!
Is it Rick?

 This brotha! I guess this is @kanyewest social experiment. Proving 2 @JColeNC regardless the hidden jabs @oldmanebro regardless the opportunity 2 up your stock. He can w/no promo or $ drop & have people…
It’s a lot of concrete. I like the approach though. I think something could be done differently with the plant. It may need to be lifted and gifted.
You would like the art of wolfgang tillmans... i used to work for him. Check him out.
THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL THOMAS SOWELL
You've got a lot of losers on your tweets who can't respect you for an opinion.
Basic. Change it up
Did you forget how to crop?
Nice going Kanye

The Owner of Coachella Is Still Giving His Money to Pro-Gun, Anti-LGBT, Birther Politicians http://www.complex.com/music/2018/01/coachella-owner-donated-187-thousand-dollars-republican-party … via @ComplexMusic
"Kanye's an asshole!" 
RT with the name of WHO is famous for this quote !

,
#FakeCompromizedPrez is #JealousOfJeffBezos
SAD!
Bruh, you need to learn how to crop
So yea this is my house since that is what we are doing now
Looking at these pics reminds of "The Good Life".
Just need a candle.  #ZEN

Alright, I decided to start a @gofundme for James Shaw Jr, the Waffle House hero. I normally hate when people say this, but in this case, I think its important...please RT.…

Can someone teach him how to crop his photos?
I honestly think this looks cult like.
#KANYE2024

You couldnt even crop it my man?
This is dope ye!!! Omg I’ve never seen a plant in a room on a white bench.
Dam Fam
Are these all from “the sunken place” 
I missed the announcement...I can't find it....I NEED THE ANNOUNCEMENT!!!!!!!...
Kanye we need parley yeezys

ROAD TO A3 - READY??  
Done with this guy 
We know the mob is setting up Nas, tell him the people got him and can smell bullshit. She was lying so bad in that interview...very obvious
this interior is super cool too. where is this? california?
The MAGA movement changing the world
You’re a sellout to your own people.  Bitch.
I’m sure these antics of yours have cost you heavily in the urban community. I hope no one buys another piece of shit record of yours. That’s why Jay can’t stand you. You’re a grand stander. You’re a fucking loser!
You’re an embarrassment! You say you love Trump. Obama did more to release inmates that were over sentenced more than anybody. Trump and Sessions are trying to lock them up at a fast rate cause private prisons donated to Trump more than anyone in history. You’re a disgrace!
And here’s his back porch
Kanye, how you gonna #escape #contract !?
"Secret_Societies"
How you feeling about this speech!?
#fishdicks
Boycott! #Kanya and #KardashianKanye Hit them in the pocketbook. Let's see if he supports Trump when they live like us!
Lol
Free that plant!
Okay big mouth.
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.

Cool,  such a state of the art premises.
kanye come on Pinterest!


Bro from the inter web, how are you doing?  you know, Fred Trump ran with the KKK, why do you play with them? Those people are full of hate. Spread Love. Please keep the real light lit.

At least crop your shit first
Kanye in the manic stage of his Bipolar disorder. What a spectacle

OMG 
People are the meanest creatures when they want to be. 
You hold onto your thoughts while giving away God's love bc these on the far left sure do need some! Maybe you could give away free tix to the funny farm they're all positive is there. What does that say about them?!

all these flavors and mophead chose salty... sad.
Someone needs to teach him how to take screenshots I refuse to believe this Is an asthetic
Plants? But your phone is still so long!
Happiness and strength endure only in the absence of hate. To hate alone is the road to disaster. To love is the road to strength. To love in spite of all is the secret of greatness. And may very well be the greatest secret in this universe.     L Ron Hubbard.


I
But why can't trump supporters never name any of his policy's or what they specifically agree with trump on? Is because you like the racist rhetoric? Please enlighten us?

beautiful plant.  solitude.
shut up kanye u cant speak no more
YA FAR FROM WARHOL
Trumps agenda brings pain to so many ppl but you choose to support him. Your white friends only like you because you have money, now the left side of using you because you disrespected your own ppl. They love your cooning ass, but when there done with you, you will tiger woods 
Please keep inspiring.
Yeezy YeezyYeezyYeezyYeezy YeezyYeezyYeezyYeezy YeezyYeezyYeezy
Hire me. Let me create a new world with the Yeezy team
LMFAO!
Do you not know how to crop pictures? 
m
#Summer2018
Looks so peaceful 
Are you not able to crop a photo?

It is very hard for people to accept people who freely say they love someone or love how someone voices their opinion if they don’t agree with how the loved ones think. Thought police have no power. Standing your ground is power. It’s that easy.
NO ONE CARES
And here we see Kanye’s butterfly sanctuary 


Yucky. Lol
Nice room
Bet you gone be where it’s warm WE ENSLAVED TO UTILITIES - TURN THE INTERNET OFF BILL GATES

Bet you ain’t out there when it’s cold
I hope that’s not your home looks so uninviting
Checkout my cartoon Crackers & Brownies!! https://youtu.be/pX7Sr-HQ00o 
What station is this?

Hanging floral arrangements??
It’s gotta be torture for you husband to have to deal with you every day.

That's a nice looking plant!
‘Concert jungle-ish
Minimalism meets minimal taste?
Wtf would you know about taste?

Love u
Its lit
Q Q
PEACE
YEEZY SEASON APPROACHIN

luv u
Hi


Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
Boy
release a new album
#HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye #HireMeKanye
Fern
Hi
Hot
