delet this

Why is everyone hating trump?
#MAGA 
fixed that for you
Honestly this is extremely low. Congrats on showing your true colors.

not every trump@supporter is racist you realize?
if you support a racist, then you are OK with racism
no. you can support their political views but not like them as a person. i’m not a trump supporter but i don’t think that everyone who@supports trump is racist.
let's try this a little slower.

if you support a racist.....
then you are OK with racism

regardless of trump's "drain the swamp" crap or anything else.

he's a racist.
if you support him, you're OK with racism
I’m so confused on why you didn’t just screenshot this

"TrumpMojis"
Y’all forget Kanye running for president in 2020. Don’t get mad if he wants a relationship with Trump. Lol

You’re back! I’m so happy 
I grow up the the inner city of New York City! Your music brought so much light to me but this massage your trying to spread is wrong! Positive Education Always Correct Era! Get some brother!!
Smack yourself Ye
stan LOOΠΔ they will never support trump
They’ll never support trump because they don’t have opinions and are slaves to their record label
lie again this one has a phd
A PhD in sounding like a child who’s abortion failed
That was unnecessary
See that small, sad figure crawling painfully over the distant horizon to find a quiet place to die?

That's your credibility.
Does Kim support Trump?
Kim Jong Un? That is the only Kim that matters. 
GET TRUMP AS A HIDDEN FEATURE LIKE FRANK'S TRACK
Thank you KanyeLove Conquers AllIt’s tough watching the lies, the corruption and the lost who are blind who blame Pres Trump for the very things they are doingIt’s hard to love but at least we aren’t hating like they are
What a cop out for not using your platform to stand up for someone who clearly represents hate. Lost all respect lost for you
Kanye, you've done what I suspect a lot of blacks would like to do, think for yourself. Candace Owens and your reaction were such a breath of fresh air.
Thank you Kanye. I truly hope people realize that Trump & his supporters are not evil, dumb, or racist. Nothing can stop anyone except their own blindness. Nobody agrees with anyone 100%, ask any husband and wife, friend, lover whatever.
kanye 
 ○ 
く|)へ
    〉 
 ￣￣┗┓               thought police
 　 　   ┗┓　     ヾ○ｼ
  　　        ┗┓   ヘ/ 　 　 
 　                 ┗┓ノ 
　 　 　 　 　    ┗┓
Having another life of Pablo moment


Wow that’s game
There's no bart Simpson emoji for this'un
stan MOMOLAND they will never support trump
See how we're not racist and welcoming him right in to the group of Trump supporters, you see if we were all like alot of you thing we would tell him to get out cause he's black but what's happening, none of that

Now kiss
You just torpedoed your career, unless the far right starts digging your stuff. That'll be a no, bruh.
Nah Trump supporters win big lol sit down, watch , and learn!
Nice verbal white power sign you just threw there Karen.

You know that’s just a movie, right?
It's offical.  Twitter is dead.
Is kanye running crazy?
Stop posting this clowns Kanye
God is dead
ayyyy @JoshMotif
bro why you ain’t just screenshot
He likes trump,  he's too uneducated to know how to screenshot
I’d bet both Trump and Kanye are leaps and bounds more intelligent than you
#WednesdayWisdom
Kanye Dragon Energy #MAGA

Free Thinking Sets Twitter On Fire
         

Imagine what this country would be if we all started thinking for ourselves WITHOUT any fear of retaliation ...

THAT is what America 
is supposed to be about!
I’m stupid, huh? 

I got full academic scholarships
for 3 degrees in Communication:
PhD, Masters & Bachelors (graduated summa cum laude)

And I taught 5 courses at 2 major universities for 6 years.

Can you top that? 

Answer: NO

Don’t bother lecturing me with bs.
Imagine trying to argue Abraham Lincoln or Fredrick Douglass aren't legitimate Republicans to fit a liberal adgenda  I pretty aware of history Deomcrats.... It's not in your favor 
I'll bet her family wishes she was stupid and not such a big-noter
Funny that defending myself makes me a big-noter. Guess my family are all big noters too.
Please, don't argue with haters. They are not worth it, it is like arguing with a wall
By haters you mean people far more intelligent that don’t support racists and rapists?
Welcome to the Trump Train, Kanye.
YES! This is what it's all about! MAGA! Kanye, welcome to the family.
Democrat heads are exploding. They are blasting apart. There are nukes going off in their brains. This is a moment in history.
You can be whoever you want to be and be MAGA as long as you love America and it's citizens you are a part of the family. MAGA is the new punk rock.
You're such a faxxot dude
Who the f*ck cares man? Really?
I don’t understand because everyone seems to hate Trump but so why people have vote for him ?
meta
He needs to go on your and Natalie's show
At this rate, he'll be on by next week
U could have just retweeted that tweet from trump or taken a screenshot. Using another phone to take photo of that tweet is medieval bro!
Delete this


Cool president
Get over yourself 
When you make more money off shoes than Jordan but don’t know how to screenshot
When you’re broke with 36 followers and think your opinion matters.
Lol, my opinion mattered so little you had to reply?
Bromance

He's either Manic or in the Sunken Place...
Lol so a black guy disagrees with you or says something you don't like and you immediately resort to calling him manic? Sounds kinda racist tbh
Nope. Basing it on the the fact that he’s been making some crazy rambling statements the last few days, and knowing his issues with mental health. That’s what I’m basing it on.
So you're diagnosing him as manic based off some tweets? Even if u were a doctor you can't diagnose someone via twitter. If he had said the same things but they were more left-leaning "I like the way Rachel Maddow thinks" for example I garuantee you wouldn't have said that
Stop blowing this out of proportion
*Goes back to her corner*
@FLOTUS and @KimKardashian can cry their eyes out together
Both bad bitches married to powerful, rich men. I bet they are miserable. 
yea because as long as a man is loaded who cares if he has sex with dirty prostitutes right? [goes back to digging gold...]
Height of stupidity: thinking you know everything about a situation, marriage or issue because you heard it on a news channel.  I can tell everyone you sucked my dick last night, is it true? I guess by your standards it is, especially if CNN reports it.
lol, you truly deserve trump
Thank you. As do you deserve all the torture you’ve endured since hillary blew a 100 electoral point lead.  winning feels absolutely wonderful.
who's hillary again? and trust me i'm not tortured, i'm getting richer under trump just like the rest of the 1%. middle america is delusional if they think MAGA includes them, keep up the "winning" illusion though, hahaha jokes are on...
Remember how the 1% got richer under obama? I do. I loved that too. But financially I’ve always been good. What Hit me though is how you apparently believe an alternative to MAGA would change things for the 1%, the previous administrations proved it won’t ever change.
Like a light skinned slave boy, yeezy you in the MF house right now
I didn't say you disagreed with every black person, did I? But Kanye West is a black person and he said something you didn't like... your first thought was to call him a house nigger. How is that not fucked up to you?
Yes, I took a quote from his song cause I’m a fan of his music and I used it against him. Has nothing to with anyone or anything else. You are thinking too hard.
You're not thinking hard enough. That was the first line of his out of thousands that came to your mind? Subliminal racism is still racism, dude.
So kanye is a racist then that’s what you are saying
Haha not even close to what I said. The line itself isn't racist but your choice of it out of thousands of others to throw at him when he says something you disagree with IS racist
Ohhhh I see. You love him because you’re both egotistical, narrow viewed asses. Thanks for clarifying.
I regret following this fuck

someone commit him quick the meds aren't strong enough
Yeah but you can unfollow. Your mom can’t go back in time and abort you.

Have you seen your tits? Who wouldn’t be.

You realize that's dave Chappelle in the gif right? It's a joke?
Yes. I also realize he’s sarcastically implying kanye is the real life embodiment of this parody. Do you get it?
Thanks guys!
You Nazi’s are easily entertained. You’re welcome.
Lol.. you calling everyone Nazis is making them worse.
Are you under the impression that’s an issue for me? Lol
Now that is really cool!!!!
#DragonEnergy
Kim, this shit's weak and you know it.
That's alot of privilege you're throwing around
@sad_hag
Aww... your master gave you accolades for towing the line...
And your masters gave you poverty as a reward. 
@gflowers66
Maybe @ShaniaTwain could take a lesson from @KanyeWest
True, think for yourself & don't back down!
@libelo4
lixo ambulante
How much$ him pay you brother!!!! You white brother !!!

Trump has never been near a tank. He got FIVE draft deferments.
He also graduated from a military academy. Unlike Obama and Clinton he knows stategy and service.

I'm just tryna get a meeting bro.

Puke times infinity.
For everyone losing their shit over all this....money goes to money...it's that simple...trump ain't white, ye ain't black - they're greeeeeeennn.
Lol Kanye is a god
Like we care what Kanye thinks.  Dumpity Trump should be impeached or just leave the office already.
#KanyeIsASellOut #FCKTrumAndKanye
Rather than taking a screen-shot , Kanye took a pic of his tweet using his other phone ...yup, that pretty much sums up Trump supporters. "Free thinking", more like no thinking.
You couldn't be any more unlikeable
Thank you for having the guts to go where others fear.  I'm a bigger fan than ever.
Connect yourself with prophet TBJOSHUA with Emmanuel TV on Sunday live broadcast from LAGOS NIGERIA for deliverance and healing service. You will be a highly changed MAN FOREVER
Knaye I love the music and I love the character you do . Keep up the amazing work.

 -some white dude
You are my brother!
This is straight up bullshit!! You clearly must be on hella bullshit meds from big pharma.. You aren't a patient to them fyi you're a customer!! I don't understand why would you ever support him when he's clearly racist asf..WTF does that make you then!!!??
Why would Kayne, who is black, support someone who is racist and would call him "my brother". Are you saying that Kayne is racist against his own race, and that anyone who supports DT is also racist? Your words make no sense.
I don't know who "Kayne" is I was talking about KANYE. OK and if you don't like what I said I could care less! BYE
The redundancy in that statement is profound... and in case you didn't know - It's "I couldn't care less" not "I could care less". By saying "I could care less" you are admitting that you still care. Do you?
LMAO

Do you really not agree with @realDonaldTrump ? What don’t you agree with him about? If you don’t agree with him, then why are you showing him so much support? What about him do you love?
Kanye is rich, so no matter what the president does, it won't affect him and he's Kanye, so he loves everyone.
Wow truth ........

DM me so that i can teach you how to screenshot. Lol
BOOM.
You are both equally ridiculously pathetic.
AND THIS IS SOMETHING TO BRAG ABOUT?!

Take your meds.
Again stigmatizing mental health. As a teacher you should know better.
Why couldn’t you just fucking screenshot it?
Facts hurt peoples feelings. Keep up speaking truth.
you're a giant douche, but we've known that for a while now, at least since 2005.
I love you Kanye 
I've never been this disappointed in my life. 
YOU ARE A APPLE IPHONE USER?!? 
ANDROID ALL THE WAY!!!

This video contains:
@KanyeWest
@DeneenBorelli
@RealDonaldTrump…
You're working on replacing #Pence?
It's working bigly!

#MAGA #Deplorables #KanyeWest

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
I'm impressed.  Thank you for being brave. I expected you to trash our @POTUS like so many of your colleagues.  I have a new appreciation for you.  Trump ROCKS 
But just being a decent human being to someone else will get you practically cucified by those who disagree with you. Honestly kinda brave and surprised me when you said you supported trump.  @kanyewest
Woogie boogie!!
Your going to make the liberals unhinge, I love it.
you a sell out your mom turning in her grave you let money change you I use to love you mane you just need to leave politics alone do wat you can control you have a voice for other than that stop
But really tho?  where’s that 2005 Ye who called out Bush?
Why would not liking one politician make him automatically not like a diffrent one?
Because Trump is 2x worst then Bush and definitely does not like black people. That is why.
I think what you meant to say Kanye, is that you don't agree with what everybody does.

He talks just like Trump - babbling bullshit !  Would love to hear a conversation between them lol
Very nice 

Screenshot
AND FOR THAT PAPER LOOK AT HOW LOW YOU WILL STOOP. EVEN IF YOU IN A BENZ, YOU STILL A NXGGA IN A COUP #KanyeWest #trump #SunkenYe #sunkenplace #2024 #heartbreak
YOU GO BRUH
Boycott Kanye West
Ecstacy? From the "candy man"?. Keep it to yourself. #gross #ThursdayThoughts
Kanye you a damn fool
Thank you for not being afraid to speak up!!
narcissistic on fleek
WILL SOMEBODY TEACH THIS DAMN MAN HOW TO RETWEET.
love it...Kanye try our caramels & get some to your wife & the Donald @DallasCaramelCo #MAGA
Oh my.
I love the new Kanye
the fuck the fake news Kanye
the don't get it confused Kanye
the really bad shoes Kanye
the still didn't lose Kanye
Kanyewest makes people feel good everyday singing get back on stage foe get about bullshit
He is really a super leader of super power America.
*cough* somebody obviously has a new album coming out. Gotta get that free press.

Ur 2 cute  no body's in to Kanye

You can screenshot btw


Poor slave
Trumpeezy

Dragon Energy Level 
You're silly.
Am I the only one that noticed he took a picture of his phone and not a screenshot?

Trump has done more in one year to improve the lives of African Americans than obama and Clinton combined! And he did it despite the distraction of the unsubstantiated collusion case. Try to think about reality, have your own thoughts, and don’t go with mob opinion.

Being racist towards black people when they don’t fit in the box that the left puts them in?

So PROGRESSIVE! 
BRO I THINK YOU ARE HACKED WTF

Well yeah, he's not gonna need it anymore since he's already president.
Uh
Found a Kanye 2024 poster in Chicago so I had to take matters into my own hands. Not on my watch @kanyewest 
@Wendys Hey get in on this!
Damn! Kanye wants to be the next president real hard bruh!!!
I'm guessing this dragon energy is prescription-only.
You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye.
Shame on you....
"AlL bLaCk PeOplE hAvE tO bE DeMoCrAtS!1!1!1!1
What?

Damn...feels like Inception
. @kanyewest from my standpoint you're completely fool, yep creative and genius maybe, but a fool.
Ssssh no tears.
Ugh.
Charlie Sheen territory.
I’m sure Kanye is a very fine person on both of his bipolar sides. #altright #allright #sunkenplace
@JoshMotif
This makes me very happy.
Good for you to be an independent thinker and speaking what you believe!
I think you meant to write retard instead of dragon. Please tell your wife a sex video doesn't make her special. Mmmkay thanks.
But he only agrees with himself...and that's where
You’re being a #YUGE hypocrite right now I’m that post
Follow pyrocynical
Lol wtf is wrong with u man

OMG  is that a Samsung?!
@oliDush
Remember when they called you a gay fish?
Garbage
@kanyewest obviously thinks for himself! DO YOU THINK FOR YOURSELF? Are you AWAKE? Are you SHEEP? Learn the Truth! #FACTS #HISTORY #TheGreatAwakening #TheyAreLosingControl #WWG1WGA #QAnon
Beautiful
Ever heard of a screenshot, genius!?
You're just a pos, and nobody cares what you have to say
Lol kanye

You, Trump, Ho Chi Minh.
"When the prison doors are opened, the real dragon will fly out."

The jail door opens. #RealityWinner flies. This dragon breathes love.

You fear the dragon. Today you see correctly, but act unwisely.
Imma follow you just to unfollow you.
Congratulations the most hated man in the world likes you
"I'm so appalled, Spalding Ball, Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all"

-Kanye west, 2010

Your just attention seeking .because your not on the limelight anymore..

Mh
This is the most meta thing I've ever fucking seen
Here's an interesting video. I found it very informative.

Watch "Why I Left the Left" on YouTube
Sigh, another recipient...
Ur a fucc'n wizard..

nice !!! 
I’m really sad that you need this type of affirmation by a dirty, nasty and crooked man. If you were a true free thinker, you would be creating your own political party to take on both the Democrats and the Republicans
How much are they paying you to support this shitbag? another tactic used by trump & his supporters to deviate attention from all investigations underway against trump.
I just wanna know whas really goin on @kanyewest if you you gotta rap about it gone head and get to the album but fr dont leave us in the dark like this
Why would u support someone who doesn't support u lol
Yeah really, he should blindly follow the democrats, just look what their monopoly rule over places like Detroit and Chicago have done for the black community.
Kiiiim bring the camera, Trump retweeted my shit and I need to show it to my fans!
Whatever happened to the Kanye that I once knee? I'm afraid we'll never get that guy back ever again

Poor slave
Lost my respect for you - SELL OUT!
Correct! The mob can’t make YOU not LOVE Trump! But YOUR COMMONSENSE should have told you that HE isn’t WORTHY of YOUR LOVE!
Right on, brother! Stay Strong, Respect!
