Donald Trump doesn't!

Tweet positively about Bitcoin and Ripple next I’m tryna see something
Finesse Boyz
Obama did NOTHING for the violence in Chicago. Hope trump and kanye does!
you realize he's was the president of the U.S. not the president of Illinois or Chicago. It wasn't his responsibility. That's why they have Mayors, Governors, Senators, Congressmen, Police Chiefs, County officials.. learn the way the gov't works.
So the former President had no time for the slaughter going on in his "hometown"? Gotcha.
HES DONE ALOT. He has the donda west program donated millions of dollars. NOW HES USING HIS PLATFORM TO HELP MY CITY. Get real bitch
Not to MENTION. He wanted to design Chicago basketball team uniforms THEY DIDNT LET HIM. It's the mayor nothing to do with kanye
DONATING MILLIONS AND PROVIDING CHICAGO WITH PROGRAMS THAT HAVE BEEN SUCCESSFUL AND WANTING TO DESIGN UNIFORMS FOR OUR SCHOOLS IN WHICH HE COULDVE GOT MORE MONEY FROM ANOTHER SCHOOL IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR US.
Get Trump involved on that too. He wants to help. He was ready to send in the national guard.
Law & order is needed in Chicago. The mayor has got to go!
I sewear I see you everywhere
My wife is leaving me because I spend more time on Twitter reading your tweets than with her. She's taking the kids and the minivan. Help me Yeezus.
She don’t deserve u bro
Hmmm thought you said google and fb lies to us fam? Now I’m doubting you again why you working with them?? I’m feeling your love message but don’t work w the oppressors - love them FROM A DISTANCE
Don’t know what to make of all this ma nigga. A lotv confusion in the world atm
The elite knew we on to them with evidence of all conspiracy so they develop alternate plans to confuse and further divide us = trump. He is also one of them always been he just coming from different side but same agenda
With Kanye... he went missing for long time in their psychiatric programs. We can’t trust him
He has been reprogrammed this much is clear. If he was reformed he would cut ties with all elites and be for the people only
I think anyone supports someone who is willing to help end violence in Chicago
Too bad no one supports ending poverty in Chicago. Poverty leads to crime, but I guess that's just too inconvenient for rich people.
Rich people rule the world. And they don’t give a damn about you and me. That’s why I fucking laugh at all these poor ass white people when they bow down to trump and the GOP like they’re gonna help them out. They don’t give a damn about anyone but themselves.
"Poor ass white people"



So now you’re using violence in Chicago to brand Yeezy. Come on man. The fuck is up with you? You’re tarnishing what could  have been an epic legacy. You’re two clicks from being a fuck joke. Just stop.
#RIPKanye
Kanye's just trying to break down pre-existing systems that he thinks are detrimental to our overall society.  I say more power to him.
Chicago needs all hands on deck. It’s a war zone there. The Democrat leaders have let them down long enough. Families should not fear dying because of their zip code!
We would all like to see the violence ended in Chicago.
Your so far gone from the crib joe it’s pathetic only claim chi when it can benefit you smh. You’ve done nothing for the crib since you collaborated with wgci  to produce a track in which you gave the homie one of thee weakest Kanye beats ever!!
We need you to become governor
Supporting ending violence is about as brave as saying you don't think people should rape
# of Violent crimes over the last 13 months has dropped dramatically. Seems to be getting better for now. You'd might have some insight if you'd come here more often.
kanye west is a certified goofy
#Chicago-Chicago
Thatmurdering
town
#Top14 homicide cities in
#USA r run by #Democrats!
Smh 
There goes their
#GunControl stance, up in
smoke
Any comments:
#BLM’s?
@ChicagosMayor?
@BarackObama?
#crickets
‘nuff said

@RealCandaceO
@RealJamesWoods
Some people are waiting for Kanye to tweet to attack him,
Get a life dude
How cute... another Chicago voice who hasn’t been to Chicago in years
There you go. You got to get those bad actors out of Chicago first.
Between me & my husband’s family we have buried 10 relatives over the years due to Chicago violence. I love my city but we must learn to love each other back.
$GOOGL
RUN FOR OFFICE ON DOGS YOU WILL WIN
Rahm Emmanuel needs to be removed!  Hes deep state globalist & has done nothing to end the violence in Chicago!. Get rid of Rahm, hire more police officers, start police walking the streets, patrolling more. Round up the gangs, disperse them. Bring in experts on crime.
Chicago and everywhere! Stop the HATE and violence... just love one another
unless you got receipts..... nope.
Please ask them to stop suppressing conservative speech/ideas.  #InternetBillOfRights
You need to meet with @PastorDScott and @realDonaldTrump on that issue! It's something we'd ALL love to see!
I hope so, they need support & drastic changes.  My heart aches for all the kids who are raised in that violet, crazy, drug invested city.  It’s horrible
Ever notice when you type “famous music video” into Google the first hit is @kanyewest

Not one misspelled tweet and you be tweeting like crazy
Hey @kanyewest you cancelled the TLOB tour a week before I was supposed to see you and I never got a refund. I’ll take a pair of yeezys tho my dude 
You’re never in Chicago though Kanye. #yeezy
Philanthropy wouldn’t be necessary if people didn’t hoard their wealth.
He's using some of that money to help people in Chicago. Or can you not read?
Lol.
Philanthropy = not necessary unless excessive hoarding of wealth exists
That's quite a claim
Sad, but true. 

Destruction of the planet and rampant inequality are all products of capitalism. 

Philanthropy is a bandaid.
Stfu! U had the opportunity to give back & use your influence to Chicago & u never did! Now u talking about ending violence in Chicago! GO AWAY! We don’t want you here in Chicago! Stay in Calabasas!
I have a DidYouKnow for you : Did you know that "Yeezy" means " Enough!" in arabic? It also means "cut it out!" so if you say yes, or no, i ll tweet back  Yeezi! 
Bring more job to Chicago, and make the black community busy working I believe that will reduce the violence so they stop shooting ravh8
Closest u got to Chicago is ur new kid

You had years to do something about Chicago! What's good??
Buy Born This Way by Lady Gaga on iTunes
Tweet TRX is the wave please
I miss the old Kanye
Kushner can fix this
PEACE
 we're not stupid. Using politics to promote yeezys
Keep up the good work Kanye. We have all got your back.
Try giving everyone a gun.

Bet the trash takes itself out and the whole city quickly learns how to act right.

Politeness and reason are man's weapon of choice when the force equation is properly balanced.

Samuel Colt knew wassup.
Somebody do something about Chciago Obama didn't and he had the time and power,  so yes please.
Where is your body of work? Strategic intentionality? Formative eval? Right , quit playing with ppl lives for PR purposes!!
Google:
...but @Google KILLS $300B of #music and #musicbiz OBVIOUS to Borat's brother THE GOAT TRADER! Let's talk to Larry if not to Congress regarding new "FAIR USE ACT"
You could have started working on ending Chicago’s violence a long time ago...you chose to promote chasing industry ass and those snake oil yeezys.. FOH you are about as woke as the #walkingdead ...#kanye #maga #obama #kimkardashian...
All I see is your AMA speech from 2016 pop up
Well if we are helping Chicago can we start with Chicago State University please? All the city colleges are underfunded.
First of all that “Chicago is such a war zone” shit mah-fuckas be pushing is PROPAGANDA, but you’re not “enlightened” enough to understand that shit. In 2017 ILLINOIS didn’t even touch the top 5 spot in murder rate soooo maybe you and Google need to focus on #MISSOURI my nigga 
You could transform Chicago, save 100s of lives.
Takin' care of business, Kanye! 
Make a difference like we know only you can!
Don’t let them think your crazy ! Like a fox ,go yeezy .you probably got a piece lol . To the bank crazy!
Kanye unblocked. Let’s see where this is going...There is NO for #CrookedHillary
As a born and raised Chicagoan, I would love to be apart of this
How about New Orleans too?
Kanye if anyone can clean up Chicago...brother it’s you!!! If you put your whole heart and mindset into it, it’s done!!!! Let that fat lady sing!!!  The end!  #MAGA
U been talmbout this err since you and @S_C_ cut #MurderToExcellence. How in the fvck u propose to stop these blood feuds without first directly & immediately putting a stop to involuntary poverty???  Rich folk won't like u so much then Lucy. 
Google supports YEEZY in ending violence in Chicago to start with
we don’t want your support with that MAGA bs
Everyone thinks Chicago is a war zone when it’s not and murder rates dropped so y’all exaggerating and dumb for believing everything in the news 
Kanye we need to discuss what the fuck is going on in Chicago
Heh
#BuyARTPOPOnItunes

@_threepillars
"Looking for Candyman bitch".
And I support @kanyewest YEEZY
All roads in Chicago lead to @LoopCapital
Any events that you decide to have. Keep it in Chicago and not the suburbs
We love google
Google isn't your friend Kanye. Their evil tbh
You know, I was still going to stream your album(s)- real talk though - would you still love everyone if you had nothing? Poor with nothing to piss in? Like real talk...... Go
Yeezy Chelsea boots It was what I was waiting for 6 seasons
I do too send me a pair pls
Coo, but thats easy to get behind.. what about free college education. real immigration reform for our families living in fear. after all, most companies and folks you look up to were immigrants or children of...
Something needs to be done
Yeezy can I have a job?

How many RT’s to get my red stripes and zebras signed?
What did you do for Chicago Ye
We don’t wear them bum ass shoes here
Google supports YEEZY in ending violence in Chicago to start with TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
um ... but does facebook ?
2024
We support you Ye
ok
Must’ve not seen the violence caused by MAGA supporters

Real talk, Facebook investing in Newark was a failure of epic proportions. Your boy's tax plan, chill attitude about the NRA, and the removal of dozens of social programs and healthcare provisions will hurt the most.  You're making everything worse by endorsing 45.
The only two interested in ending violence in Chicago. 
You're genius know no bounds.
YEEZY FOR MAYOR YEEZY FOR SENATE
Momma is looking down from heaven and says that's my boy 
YOOGLE
Get back on your Meds cause you’re sounding needy and 
Go get a life bitch Ye is fine and wrecking in millions every damn minute
Said the thirsty snowflake #byeWhoDaFuckRU
Guys tell me which one is beautiful
Thats whats up

So does POTUS
Google promotes hate
Thank you! I've been praying for someone w/a voice to care about the kids & families in Chicago. They deserve the worlds attention! Blessings for whatever journey you're on for Chicago. 
Then google is doing more than Obama did!
What's the master plan ?
Run for office and make Chicago Great!
Shit he's starting to talk like the cheeto now
g just stfu
Are you interested in binary trade
I can guarantee a 100% winning rate in trading binary options.Invest in binary trade with low as 
$500 earn $7000
$1000 earn $18,000
$2000 earn $24,500

Feel free to contact me
Comment info or message me via email adamsangela0398@gmail.com

I'm sure it's so easy to just "end violence", the deep-seated visceral hate-fueled byproduct of unintelligence. The way you "end violence" is by educating, eliminating for-profit dependancies on healthcare/food/education, and paying livable wages & shut down contracting companies
Bro you gone have to actually put some action behind them words when u mention the crib
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Google? Nigga please!!!
Google black teens & negative imagines come up. Google dreadlocks & you see white people.
Google don't give a shit about your old community.
You ain't from Chicago you from Calabasas.
violence eventually occurs with POVERTY. fix up the projects- invest there....flowers/bushes, NEW playgrounds/covered for winter weather, community centers within projects, library within the housing bldg- volunteers/retired...bring HELP to their Bldg- expand from there.
What the fuck are y’all waiting for?get it over with
Serious..... Smh Violence Good luck
Talking about yourself in third person? Adjust your meds, boo
Thank you for stepping up & being a positive enforcement to the American citizens in Chicago. Be the change.
'YEEZY'??? Grow up!!!

You have so much influence
Help Chicago
Stop the war is Chiraq and clean the water in Flintghanastan!!! 

Stop the war is Chiraq and clean the water in Flintghanastan!!!

Stop the war is Chiraq and clean the water in Flintghanastan!!! 

Stop the war is Chiraq and clean the water in Flintghanastan!!!
To end violence, people need to be able to make money legally. The reason there's so much violence is because of all the poverty. People can make more money selling drugs, than in a high paying job. Kids that don't have a figure get taken in by gangs, and grow up like that.
I don't trust google to care about violence in Chicago.
We meed to end violence everywhere babe, not just Chicago.
I'd help Chicago in anyvway!
I'm going to have to follow you now. I'm a 50 yr old woman, but I like your mind. We can think independently. God Bless you and yours!
lol with the hail mary
I can't afford yeezy 9.5
Google is not to be trusted. They work with the globalists.
you could do it. Maybe a arts and fashoin / music school.....or somthing like that.
Google lied to you
You can't talk about wanting to end violence in Chicago meanwhile make music with Chief Keef who promote violence. You made a song with someone who is part of one of Chicago biggest gang.
That's the first good thing about Google in a while. Good to know. Hope they stick to being a public platform & restore #1A  #toughspot ad$
Yeah, ain't gonna happen! Forget about it! All I worry about it student debt and I stay it the hood, me getting shot is the last thing on my mind
Speaking of Yeezy....... check out his clothing and shoe line. The styles are amazing. Nothing like you see in stores I go to. Order online.
Get rid of the CERN facility
No google no Tim Cook .. go raised your multiple kids and give education to your Kardashian’s family
Keep fighting the good fight
We'd love to help. Massively overlooked issue. It'll start with revealing the truth to the violent.. Nashville also has its own problems that are massively overlooked.
@Google  y'all need to do some damage control before he fuck up y'all reputation
As long as people populate this Earth, there will always be violence. You just have to be ready to defend you and your kin.
huh?
But in that rant you went on on stage you said fuck Google...goggle lies lmao....but you now saying^^^^^^^^ must be back under control
the rag yeezy?
<3
Oh now you wanna end violence in Chicago?? Where you been nigga? Calabasas?
I support you!!! 
#inspiration
What’s this shot even mean? U like trump, all idea with no action
Ask urself is this how you want to be remembered?  Shit like this never ever goes away and people will always remember over and above all your creds.   U do u tho.

NIGGA! You been one of the most influential people of the last decade and beside designing some HS jerseys and handing out a turkey or two you ain't been too worried bout what the fuck gon on in the Chi.
what have you done for chicago
Kids need daddies
What do you think the root cause of the problem is? Sad when kids fear playing at the local playground and walking to school.
But the government is in Chicago killing ppl
Yes, show light yeezy, take the 4 horseman of power to one place in Chicago. Wall Street, Silicon Valley, Big Oil, and Hollywood to one intersection, 4 schools one mission to deliver light in a safe zone open to all
Take Trump with you. He promised to change inner city's. Maybe he can help you spread love not hate. " what do you got to lose"? Dignity.
Google is Z001
Now u talking 
To end the violence,  one must start from the top down.
There are more pressing issues in America than what is happening in Chicago
Seriously? We still caring what celebs have an opinion on, either way?

Your words won't stop the violence. The first step is to end the #DrugWar #Cannabis prohibition fuels a multi billion dollar position for the Black Market.
BTW what have you done to make Chicago great again.  Talk that talk but don't walk that walk. Fuck outta here.  You're lame.  Totally lame
I guess Jay Z and Beyonce being kewl with the Obama's was too much for you.  You think you look good being kewl with a racist.  You're now his male omarosa. Stupid ass
Google is evil, yeezy. They hate diversity of thought. Check out what they did to @JamesADamore

See you got the white people happy.  But you live for that shit.  You're such a nothing for real.  I could care less about your bank account.  You're spiritually bankrupt.
Look how happy your white fan base is
well you had like 15 years to do that.. no all of a sudden you found a heart.!!
That's great!
What's a Chicago?
Have to get rid of the Mayor and the ACLU controlling the police.
Google tracks you and spies on you. Dump the google.
Let’s start by getting rid of the traffic ticket cams. Damn!
We're reaching levels of jaden smith that shouldn't be possible
Google likes to track your shit and give it to the government.
Violence is a symptom.
Shouldn't everybody? I live in Joliet, grew up in the burbs. Couldn't even guess how many news stories I've seen about stray bullets taking kids.
I support this 100%!
TRUE DAT!!!
yeah that's probably not gonna happen anymore
Perhaps they can investigate the killing of your mother, Kanye?
Ask google why twitter censors your feed.  Look at the average likes per tweet and then the one that wasn’t 100% pro trump.  10x’s the likes...   you can help stop this
not convinced you give two shits for anyone other than yourself.
