No more depressing slave clothes.... Bring on the color & the fabrics that people wanna wear because its good clothing....not just because its made by "Kanye".
"depressing slave clothes" 
oh look, more homeless sweaters for $7,000 each! YAY
Yup! The rags are back in full force 
Where did you get this promo pic for the Trump/Yeezy 2019 collection??
IF U DONT STOP SPAM TWEETIN
WHY DID I TURN ON NOTIFICATIONS
I love the pain on these walls! Exquisite choice of color!



@georgcoless  


I do hope at some point you’ll see how different you two really are...that hat you’re wearing so proudly MAGA doesn’t honor Trump it honors Trumps core values and his presidential conduct or misconduct...I know you’re not mentally ill & I know you like when we’re all fired up...
It’s very important we acknowledge that...I can not support someone who joins in with a man who’s shown no compassion, no understanding, no accountability for the pain he’s inflicted on an ENTIRE COUNTRY...and that really sucks because your talent astounds me...
I thought a lot about your twitter speech yesterday and I tweeted my difference of opinion.  Today, I thought about you aligning yourself with Mr. Trump.  You may believe you are both unpopular, crucified by the media, and misunderstood...But there is a A BIG DIFFERENCE...
Are you tweeting from your bunker? How’s the WiFi reception down there?
Ummm. The point? You’re telling us you like plain and unoriginal clothing without appeal? Slow 
@KimKardashian please teach your husband how to download a picture, so we don't keep getting these tired screenshots!
You've gone full Charlie Sheen. Get help.
1st like and retweet!
Bruh how the Fuck do you tweet so fast
dragon speed
Can someone teach Kanye how to crop photos

do u know how to save shit to your camera roll? stop with the screenshots

Do you think they will actually buy your rags?
Please go to my page and help raise funds for suicide prevention in my sons memory. He is forever 19 
I’m so sorry for your loss...
How nice of you to be donating old clothes to the Salvation Army.
Looks like a rack from the Goodwill Store....
Dead people collection..
Weak
I find this all very weird and creepy
Un peu comme dix mille  sur un seul  @MinetouMBodje
pas un peu, exactement
mdrrrrrrrrr FIN
“And a white man get paid offa all of that.” —Kanye West. Did you know you’re being used for fundraising by the wanna be slave owners?
When I asked for a walk in closet this wasn't what I was expecting
You said Obama did nothing for Chicago but it was President Obama who brought both a girl from Chi-town & a victim of a mass shooting to his state of the union address when discussing gun laws. Obama took responsibility for what he could & could not get done. That’s presidential
Dude have someone sit down and show u how to tweet photos it will take 30 seconds
Did Putin help you with your colors? Looks like the style of depressed east Berlin from the 50’s



Your words have impact and you don't know what I've been through. You get to shield yourself from what regular ppl go through. Your luxuries have allowed you to forget the real life tragedies we face daily.
Looking forward to your white hood and robe line.
Will this now be at tj maxx this weekend like all of Ivanka’s shit?

Bruh are you okay
Kanye West kidnapped Trump to weave his clothes
You styling the new Star Wars gear? That’s wild...
Your ideas look like a jail house. But much compassion young man. Keep trying.
It's Cold....no Color!
See rags
Trash
After looking at your “Art pics”  I’ve never seen such drivel in my life...and I spent YRS as a REAL ART STUDENT...#takeyourmeds
Clothes look like sanitation workers apparel.
Tones .... I don’t wanna expose the pallet
Wow your summer collection looks...depressing af
When you use the litle bit of attention you get to sell shit
The difference between you and Trump is the side effects of your narcissistic behavior.  Your opinions, rants, and your actions affect you and your family; i.e. your wife @KimKardashian BUT Trumps twitter rants and opinions affect millions, they change HATE into law...
Nice!
Dont buy that shit for his #unfollowkanyewast
What has this done for Chicago?
Wow thats some furnishing do you need me to start a @gofundme account so you and kim can buy furniture
Where is this flea market?
RAGS

coincidence that his clothes and interior look like communist cloting and a scene out of north korea???

Does this reflect Kanye West state of mind ,,,,, pretty empty and simple  #KanyeWest #KanyeTrump
No one is gonna buy your shitty clothes
The banal needs colour.

 
Looks the same as all ur other shit genius
I can get the same colors at Zara.
Dafuq is wrong with you, man?
Posting pics of fucking laundry.
Nah
Goodwill?
What is This?
Jedi Clothes 
So????
Buh-bye

This pic makes me cringe for 5 seconds everytime I see it, it always gets me
Dlkskskfdkjdkddkkkk
Goat
Do you even use apps bro?
Wacko

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
Your current MAGA enablement: Do u want to become a 21st century Leni Riefenstahl? She followed her beliefs, used her art to champion a fascist & her legacy will forever be linked to the brutality of the man she propagandized What exactly do u agree wTrump on? Ambiguity=cowardice
Did it annoy anyone else that he took a screenshot of this instead of saving the picture
Reminds me of the off-white Singapore store, love it
God, you’re so shallow 
ماتنام انت؟

Boy if you don’t
If only Kanye knew the ideas i had. Probably too ordinary lol. I guess I'd have to be famous to get my views across. I can do that.
Just get a sex tape. Like his wife.
Agreed 
Are these uniforms?? 
Donate them to the lost souls of skid row BUT FROM A LIMOUSINE & say "I didn't know not everyone grew up like us in Beverly Hills."
Mixed with Oscar Murillo.
Very Richard Serra of you. Nice.
that's one big ass closet!... lol.
Wack designs, sellout designers, lost creative
Janitor line?
Garbage
Bum wear
Next stop Goodwill
Awful. 
sweet
@marvs199x
Have a Yeezy popup in River Oaks!
Slavery raggs
And
A coat rack. Riveting.
Yall, its all just a plan. Kanye is acting like a trump supporter to get white trump supporters to buy his stuff, then later announce he actually doesnt like trump, and then everyone else will buy it. 

At least i hope so
yo add me on drop box
You should send some of us poor hard working moms who are in a full time RN school your clothes 
YES
A shirt for each of your twitter followers
Ye, this is not fashion. Day uno fan
Lol... I'm sure that's how Tommy Hilfiger felt when Fubu started. Or how Gucci felt when Sean John first made the headlines, or how LV felt when RocAWear flooded the streets. My point is; style & preference will always belong to the individual my brother.
Think abt it for a sec. The only difference between those brands, was just the name on the fabric. Nowadays consumers want more and brands thrive on their uniqueness (sadly no matter oddly the pieces look).
Yeezy for Chile?!
Looks sunken to me ...
Amazing all around artist, #Freethinker #MAGA
#buyKANYA
Beautiful palette.
Out of curiosity. Is this your photo, or something shared in dropbox?
Rag rack. Lol

If you want to pay 200 for a cheap tshirt, go for it. Otherwise boycott this trump loving sucking crap.
Is this the colors my armor can be in RuneScape?
Color scheme is heaven
Bro they sell this at Forever21 for 20 bucks for years who would pay 750 for a F21 knockoff LOL
For 10k we can buy an outfit that makes us look like a whole meal.
That I threw up
k..
I want this whole wardrobe
Please be kind to animals. Eating, wearing, and using them is hell on earth for them.
Where's the rest of it?
The garms look lonely
THIS IS WHAT THOSE OREVIOUS TWEETS WERE ALL ABOUT. HIS FUCKING NEW CRAP THATS COMING OUT.  clothes are boring looks the same as all years prior and music is not the same. My money will be spent on quality items.
Now I get the whole Trump ..Make Amerikkka Great Again scheme. . He wants to push his torn ugly New Slave clothing line. Trumps going to promise him a contract
Dope. I'm going to make some pop art related to you. I just have to brainstorm the right idea.
Only a poser would buy your trash "designs"

Nice.
Kanye Grips
@RICKOWENSONLINE  nope nope nope
Love the vibe
You can now see your real fans are,and who is just there. While they are secretly still stalking you and things you post while listening to your music. Even if this was just a publicity stunt like they say...  You can still see the truth for yourself. #MAGA2018
Bit of an underused closet


GOD BLESS OUR POTUS
   WE THE PEOPLE
         SUPPORT YOU 
            #MakeItRain
…
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.
When can we see some of these threads though. Don't be jiving us mane.

@kanyewest
Under a photo of a great new collection - the poor old souls of the blind ones, jealous in there misery, angry at their own ineptness. When the cat shakes off - all flees come out
Organize before you Act or speak.
Loving the colors! Great choice, Kanye!

Trash


┏┓   In this house,
┃┃╱╲ we are still hoping
┃╱╱╲╲ for Taylor to bring
╱╱╭╮╲╲"reputation tour"…
No red?  Get outta here
putting them in a big white room won't make your clothes look less like santa sacks
Nice closet
Qué contemporáneo y chic Kanye. Muérete it’s been done before
Can i get one , 42
These are goals brother.
Kanye your closet is to large, downsizing is the in thing these days 
Drop these!
China clothes! China clothes!
#Summer2018
Are you going to be selling people worn rags for $600 a piece?
You are so sadly transparent.
cool
