I don't understand why people be criticising Kanye like have you done what he did? Wtf! Y'all are haters. .Learn to love!

Daymmmm GG
Lmfao facts
Have you ever heard of BTS album preorders?? Out of stock 3 times in first 24 hours and we don't even know what we're paying for 

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
more like 400 pairs in 4 seconds
why not just say 100 pairs a second?
youve clearly not seen carlings selling at my local in that case.
Fuck carling
FUVK OFF BACK TO ISLAM CARLING IS THE BEST. NO SURRENDER 
So release them in bulk bruh. For the public. Retail is only like 200. You & adidas ain’t getting any of that resale money. You’d make more off the yeezys is more people were able to buy them without overpaying by $3000 to some random kid in LA.
resell isn't that high anymore
Still ridiculously high.
But your albums don't.
@Cupac_4
Americans will buy anything. Even if it looks like a work boot fucked a croc. At least @VancityReynolds can have NEW big rubber masturbating shoes in Deadpool 2.
If all Americans expressed themselves freely as you do we could eradicate hate and prejudice on both sides!!!
It could happen.  Kimye: Master marketers 
Dude, you owe Hov $20million
@z_xay  

Androids lol
Ah





@TMS2787
Haha. This guy can’t even type 400,000 out correctly. I almost called him “my guy” but it appears those days may have / are coming to an abrupt end.
Troy you also typed four hundred thousand out wrong.
But you see… I did. So it’s okay, egg avatar. You thought you had one.
THOSE ARE UR NEW #TRUMPHEAD FRIENDS 
But since you're an icon can you make it a movement for people to give back.
What is so special about them?
Make em watch they fuckin mouth Ye!!!
not true adidas only releases like 20k yeezys every drop day.
Not for long
what is sooo GREAT about your shoe- ????? materials??? arch/over pronating support???, leather???? made where????? why should we pay HYPE for your shoe????
Yeah the sell out so fast that in the uk ,particularly Scotland  I can’t not get these  help a gal out to source & buy 
@npdmattpowell
Impossible. The marketing people at adidas, who incidentally do not release product quantity to the public, told me they sell about 10% of that and Kanye has had very little influence on sales or company direction. They would also never lie to me to protect future negotiations.
B.U.L.L S.H.I.T
Those shoes are....
Pairs*

400 thousand. But most of these will be bought in bulk by resellers using bots. People that kill the sneaker game and stop everyone else enjoying it. They're raising the price by 500%. I remember hearing "everyone will get a pair"...So what happened to that?
Lemme get one please
IPhones don't sell out in 10 seconds...
and Truvis golf balls.
Super! Haha 
And 77.3 million iPhones sold in Q4 of '17. How many Yeezy's (all models) ya'll sell in that time period? 400k units is a drop in the bucket, even short term.
If ya'll produced to meet demand, how fast would 350s sell out? Jordan Brand experimented w/producing to satisfy what they believed to be the demand and the demand vanished. Exclusivity is what keeps Yeezys selling out in 4 hours. The same can't be said about the iPhone.
They gotta be careful with the phones bruh! Them ish's can brake
Make more available I bet you that will sell more than 750k easily
@kanyewest i can never get a pair of yeezys in BKLYN, NY unless i go through some 3rd party and who knows if there real.  I would like to walk into a Adidas store and buy yeezys in bklyn! big fan here!
And they’re no Stan Smith’s
Question: will you make Yeezys the new military shoe when you become president and send us into our first ever war with aliens?
Yeezy is huge too in Asia!!
And Kylie Lipkit
HOW BOUT THIS?
It’s a fucking sneaker NOT a computer.  iPhones change lives.  #Yeezyshoes waste $$
That's greatness. 
What are the Yeezy 350s? You have got so many irons in the fire. Kim also, best thing to do. If u have eggs... ( money) never put it all in one basket. Good luck with your companies.
Nah bitcoin sell faster
Aka 100,000 pair per hour.....
Are you the new age version of AIMs Smarterchild? #OutOfControl
And video games, and other things.
Did they even make 400,000 pair?
This tweet is pathetic
There aren’t that money pairs my guy, and there better not ever be bc that’s gonna be a problem for resell
I just don't get it lol... good musician and people want your shoes?

Someone explain why??

I get athlete's because they use their feet but I don't understand this.
400,000?! And i still couldn't even get a single pair i wanted!
400 ,000 pairs? Then wtf can't I cop without using a fucking bot or these high ass resell prices from stockx?
This man needs education.
Need to release more yeezy 350’s! 
Sleeping. See you in 10 years 
Aaaaand the @kyliejenner lip kit
Did Kimmy buy them all.
Lol...the power of suggestion......
Yo fam, shut the fuck up.
LOL. You know nothing about fashion, I work in the industry. You have Yeezy because you’re an artist. You are nothing without your name 
Could’ve been 400 thousand and 1, but your girl is broookkkkeee 
That’s a lie because I can’t even buy a pair .1 seconds after they drop
Do you have night Twitter or Day Twitter?
Can you bless me with a pair
Lol elos he needs to bless us with another pair
Word haha
Lol fake news
Such a unique piece
But still not enough and as much as I love you Ye your show most resold about retail way above and most corrupt no normal fan of yours can get these fair every store shady raffles are rigged only FTL FTA APPS HAVE BEEN SAVING PEOPLE
Congrats on contributing to this
@DybalaMask_10
Yeah but I can get an iPhone eventually without having to pay a ridiculous resale price!
subtract the fake ones from ur data
Brag brag brag.
Your shoes are Nike roush look alike , you will never be on the same level as Jordan
Trying to figure out why I’m getting your tweets. I don’t recall following you. Nonetheless, if you need professional help let me know. #Psychiatry
Trump sold clothing and he is President.
Yeah, so did @KimKardashian sex tape, so clarify who’s better at that.
#Derilique
This shit is sad
Fake news
Gahhh damn
You didn’t even produce 400K units!!!! 
Make them affordable for everyone...no one gets bully at school for not having yeezy 
,,
,
Yeah, but I can walk into a store and buy an iPhone right now. Make more shoes.
send me a few pairs bro 10.5 or 11 thanks 
Flex
@KimKardashian please give him back his testicles.
Yeah except I can’t figure out how to fucking get them and I want to give you my $$$$!!!

Make t a get real release and it will stop.
It a general release
how much are the kids in the bangladesh getting paid to make these ugly shoes?
You’re a shoe salesman. Congratulations!
I love all these Trump supporters coming out of the woood works supporting Kanye suddenly, when they couldn't stand him before. Hilarious 
Value 
Sounds farcical
Talk. That. Shit.
Difference is apple will make more phones, Adidas only produced 400k pairs. Tell Adidas you want 1million pairs produced
flop
Sell me a pair for retail then
Yea but an iPhone was a revolutionary piece of technology that effectively changed the way we live .... You've made overpriced trainers.
Saving up for a pair 
Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love Love
Maybe you can send a how to video to Lavar Ball...

Ye, trust me you my guy but this is only because of bots being used by resellers. Trust me I know, i dabble a lil
Space jam sold almost 1 mil pairs on the Saturday it dropped. You a bozo
And your hype is faded
WHY DO WE CONTINUE TO MAKE HIM $$$$.. I can pull stuff out of a garage sale and it looks better than his shoes or clothes
You must be forgetting about any of Taylor Swift’s albums! Especially reputation! #reputation
So if they average at $250 a pair then 'Yeezy Inc' made $100,000,000 - that's 100 million in FOUR HOURS. #levels

You’ve never even released 400,000 pairs of any colorway.
PS4 sold a million units in a day
Lies
YOU SOLD 400 THOU THEN YOU FREAKED IT

Are you Kanye Jobs or Steve West?

Kanye, huge fan. Your shoe line is revolting though. Totally garish.
drop 350v3

2

What 350 released with the stock level of 400k? Lol!
It takes about 5 hours for adidas to sell all pairs on release
Someone at Adidas is tellin u stories
and what about it
This opens the door for another brand cause this one just died.. kids will be on to other shit.. my 2 college kids wdnt touch yeezys
But we still can’t manage to cop a pair @thereidman44
That’s $80M in 4 hours
Which model of 350’s were released in 400k? The release numbers are super low every time.
Lies

You send them to a West house. You’d be worth more
Did you buy them yourself?
Ummm.... 
Talk yo shit ye. They need a yeezus emoji 
How? How?? I can never get any!
@NPDMattPowell blocked me and said @kanyewest had ZERO influence on the rise of adidas
@NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell @NPDMattPowell

I see why Kanye likes trump.
Only reason they sell so fast is cuz resell value lol thats the truth

JEALOUSY PRODUCED BY XTRAVULOUS 
https://soundcloud.com/ninemilli/ninemilli-jealousy-prod-xtravulous … 
I agree about the importance of love, but you forgot humbleness. When you do things like this it makes you look insecure. You don't need reassurance from nobody.
Doubt you will read this but let them hate. They always have and always will. Don’t need a job on my end but if you need someone hit me up..all I have ever worked with is shoes, automotive and finance. Never know I could be the ace in the hole to push you past the top.
Is that pairs or single shoes?
Bots bought your kicks. They are still sitting in a box
Send me a pair for the culture 
@miguelkors
What about @Tesla Model 3? #Tesla #Model3 @elonmusk

Snapchat,Instagram she stalking me, she be lurking my Twitter’ She be stalking me!!!!!! 
the only thing close to your intelligence is a rock
that may be an insult to rocks
Congratz to Mr. West
I bought those fake joints, they nice
That’s funny because I’ve never been able to purchase a pair because of the bullshit queue system used to sell to consumers.

Humildade sempre
Thank you for using the correct plural form of pair. Very surprised. Unexpected.
Poor guy. Middle aged man giddy about overpriced and mediocre shoes.
Let em know ye

Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 
You've never sold 400k pairs though...
@LuisUrueta and we can’t even make it by that damn waiting room
Heyo, @kanyewest, we need protection from these bots so me and Derrick can get blessed with a pair!
Didn't you just complain about capitalism the other day?
Lol @taylorswift13 #reputation
you realize the yeezys didnt sell more because they sold out.
There only where 400k of them.
+ a taylor album is like 30$ and a yeezy boost like 350$
Which colorway had a 400K stock level tho?
@NPDMattPowell
@Kamakazi100 this guy erh
400 thousand mad pipo
Uno go wear ah people go wear!!!!
Lmao. But I be mad already. I no fit wear for gh cos you can’t know the difference between the real and fake. Ah canboo papapaa
Why u wan indirectly tell me say udey come fly??!!!smh
The only easy day was yesterday. A wise Man once said! 
Oh u stalking me now??
Paparazzis ma g. You global now
U people go figa he dey lie!
I think we have enough 350s
Cause they 
Y’all got anymore of them 350s 
Can I get a pair I will pay retail
HAHAHA bro why you fronting sooo hard
this is wat happen when u ppl carrying n flattering his nuts so much... cocky and disgusting after he having all ur $.. cant he spend more effort for the needy than bragging n tweet craps nonstop !?!!

