Sadly, today the concept of even listening and hanging around someone who has a different view Then  you has a stigma!
What happened to the time when you could have totally different and divergent views on politics and still hang out and be friends? When does everything have to revolve around politics? That’s how echo chambers began…
If we continue down the path of only associating with people who agree with us and our way of thinking… We are going to lose the essence of what makes America great! Diversity of thought is necessary in life… You should not have friends that only agree with you!
After 2016 election so many people cut off any friends that voted for the other side… I can’t tell you how many friends I lost when I went public with my support for Trump! It’s the stupidest thing ever! I’m the same person you’ve always known… Maybe try to understand my POV!
But the problem is that the mainstream media has tried to “otherise” everyone. If you’re a Trump supporter you are this… If you’re a Hillary supporter you are this! That is so untrue! Both of those camps are so diverse and varying!
#ThursdayThoughts #Democrats know that #Hate is a bigger motivator than #Happiness. U don’t have to be happy with them; as long as you have been brainwashed to hate the other side more.  So sad.
ATTENTION KANYE WEST! YOU BETTER SEND ICARLY TO BRAZIL RIGHT NOW OR ELSE 9 BILLION OF BRAZILIAN ICARLERS WILL REPORT YOUR ACCOUNT
Like if kanye > jcole
Kanye, you are without a doubt this generation’s Martin Luther King Jr.
Hold up
Martin Luther king and Kayne, shouldn’t even be in the same sentence...
Martin Luther king Jr. was peaceful. Even with people he didn't agree with and abused him. King didn't lecture or rebuke but spoke on love, freedom. So YES, he is like King.
More like Malcolm than Martin.
Whatever, both were excellent philosophers and both were silenced because they fought the masses. Both were different on several things, but X would sit down and have a rational discussion. He believed in protecting his family.
Exactly....I’m not Kayne had landed in the “rational” zone yet.  No condemnation, I get it. (I have had being irrational down to an art form).
Haven't we all though? That's why it needs to stop. Let's stop fighting. Come to a solution. Forgive. Love. Find common ground.
I love you kanye, I love your music and I grew up listening to your music. But your support for an obvious racist who actually hates black people is absolutely unacceptable. Never forget where you came from, Kanye.
It's not even about 'loving people' as you say. How can you love somebody who is the definition of hate? We're worried for you Kanye.
Our President is not who you choose to believe he is. Kanye has freedom of thought and you believe you have the right to shame him for that. 

Your words are the definition of hate.
Everytime I see someone post this photo, I wonder, "now what will they say about Trump's racism"? Funny how they stop responding isn't it?
Crickets
As always
Is taxation theft?
Yes
with a name like Lynford i would think so too #dummy
This doesn't make any sense at all.
dick buddy, sorry that you dont understand... its okay
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
Because of the irony and hypocrisy of supporting some who is so hateful to others.  “Fellow man” kind of love is one thing...but wearing that cap, etc.   It’s Kanye’s choice...it’s just disappointing on so many levels.
So why not 90% of the rest of the entertainment business for dealing with, making money off, and even defending Harvey wienstien?
I live in LA and work in the industry and believe me, that man and his brother are finished.  Anyone that still tries to defend him should be finished as well.  It is totally sick the abuse went on for so long and was not exposed earlier.
Yo @kanyewest tell ya boy @realDonaldTrump to lower gas prices pls
I can get behind this
Funny thing is that "right wingers" have much more love for all people than "liberals" do now. Liberals only pretend to have love and are actually full of anger and resentment. The Left uses "love" as a way to control others.
Like if Kanye should deactivate
Like if Atulya should deactivate 
#beatsbysaif Bryson tiller Type beat
do people actally sell any beats by spamming rappers and producers on twitter?
Yes people get angry when you love the ones they hate

buy stigma by bts on itunes
You’re really trying to be funny but weren’t in the slightest to at least be obnoxiously funny you should’ve just put the link in the original tweet also FYI the jokes old
People who are too lazy to say “for your information” I’m guessing ???
Deactivate
From Minnesota and a Kobe fan
Maybe you don’t all share the same opinions, but John and Chance are REAL FRIENDS (how many of us) 

Please be careful so as not to cut yourself off, because even Kanye West needs people. Continue to think free and unaligned. We’re all fans for the music first and foremost 

@carolannee_  I’d like to point out how wrong he is for telling you, for at least the second time in the last 24 hours, that I love you. I don’t always do it in words but it is always there. There is not a stigma on love unless you put it there.
I would also like to add that if you go literally anywhere on the internet, outside of twitter, you will see love in heaps. The amount of love Janelle Monae has receieved since coming out is incredible and inspiring. The love I see being given to strangers who feel that (TBC)
(Cont) life just isn't worth living anymore, the love we all give them to help them to realise that life will get easier with our help. The love I give my friends when they post anything, good or bad. Love has no stigma if you don't let it.
#lovewins

Unfortunately you have no concept
You sure told him!
  
Ya te volviste puras mamadas apantallapendejos
I love you Kanye 
Society has accepted what was wrong now made right.Born-again Christians are called homophobic for standing up for God"s message

True, but the concept of school seems so secure
not for Trump.
KANYE >>>> trump
With limits ... and true love has no limits.

No, it doesn’t.
Are you dumb?
Most rappers find it weird if a guy say they love them that’s a stigma Kanye shows his support for trump and says he doesn’t even agree with everything the guy says and gets hate for still loving him thats STIGMA
Vegan future!!!!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO VEEEEEEGAAAAAAAAANNNN!!!!!!!!!


It does?
#FreeSpeech much love.
So does the concept of equality in its true sense. Racism is only about revenge now. Revenge for actions in a world that no longer exists. We can love each other right NOW and bury the haters in the past where they belong.
Whiteness is a helluva drug, it even got Kanye

#QAnon Jesus loves baby Pepe and you!
No one is fighting more against acceptance and love than your friend Trump. He is divisive and cruel. You are lost.
no it doesn't kanye


Me listening to heartless
No it doesn't @LILBTHEBASEDGOD started this shit
Kanye’s the g.o.a.t
You need help
Powerful statement!  Proud of you!
I’m with Kayne.  Stay strong.
Kanye West, you need to listen to yourself
Yep, people will crucify you for doing that.
What the hell are you talking about??
Sir,not sure u will actually read this.I admit I was never a fan,but u have changed my mind,because ustand 4 ur own truth.I like u respect other views, w/out anger or hate.I'm a nobody and hav nothing to lose with my views unlike u.Thank u 4 speaking ur truth and standing by it.




Ich liebe dich trotzdem, Kanye.
Yes Kanye. Preach!!
The concept of enabling is infectious
You love people so much that you would align yourself with oppressive policies and white supremacy to make a point about "free thought"? You're not about free thought, you're about the trend. Your trend is being contrarian.
Why do we all have to label and divide?  What is wrong with everyone sending you hate?  Just know- you are wiser than some and braver than most.  I have a new found respect for what you have to say.
Maybe to you. But that’s a pretty general statement. Maybe some of us have been fine with love and that’s why people like trump who rally up hate are dangerous. But you are so disconnected and blind.
That’s thanks to the left that’s dividing this country on race and acting like fascist. They want the right silenced if you don’t think like them. But who are they today? Criminals and people filled with hate!
And despite that I always have and always will go against the grain. Is how I like it 
The saddest #Truth spoken
It’s easy.
@kanyewest the stigma of vulnerability.
Love all things, people, plants, the earth. Everything is conscious and everything is one.
Sometimes standing for things you believe, means standing alone? NO YOU ARE NOT ALONE..
@LouieThaProfit
Yeah I agree with you , LOVE YOU . And thank you for the birthday wish 
We must have our wonderful children not to be taught to hate...we must get serious about an agressive Deportation program... and OOOO7 detective work for you America Bounty Hunter Report book on http://Amazon.com 
Go tell Sway, Taylor, Beck, and mad other folk you blatantly and publicly embarrassed and showed NO LOVE or respect, while DEMANDING you get ALL the love and respect. Then apologized, so I'll wait until this becomes just like that. #hypocrite
Gooooooooo vegaaaaaann!!!!
It has to be reciprocated. If not it reaches the place or point of no return. That’s why people say “I like you or I care 4u”
LISTENING TO YOUR MUSIC RIGHT NOW ENJOYING A VEGAN SHAKE !!

Like if Kanye is a legend

Stephen Colbert said you've lost your mind. I say that you never had a mind to start with.
go on
I think the concept of loving a bigot has a stigma
Also: The stigma of loving people has a concept.




No it doesn't you goofy goober
No it doesn't!
No shit... it's called investing personal time and experience.
what about the concept of loving (some) Nazi's over black players kneeling peacefully for racial equality?
Thank you Kanye, very cool!!
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
LOVE YOU YE
Vote Travis Allen for California Governor!! He’s like Trump but better
The modern day Jesus speaks again
In the parable of the Good Samaritan, the true issue is: are you the good neighbor?
I said love to everyone i meet today that’s a good thing.
Love conquers all
God love you LOVE us!!!!
the concept of loving people has a stigma TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Mostly because a lot of ppl have “fake love”
No. True Love always wins.
KANYE THE GOAT
If you suffer from Depression and anxiety and been through some shit you might relate to this...
Drop Yeezus 2
SOMEONE PLEASE TAKE A PICTURE OF KANYE WITH FLASH WE NEED TO HELP HIM
You have officially tarnished your reputation forever. Alot of people will never again in life buy your music or want to see you. You have connected yourself to a horrible person and you say its love? How about showing that love to your fans or people in need.
Yup it does...
Shut up you bell end.
We are seeing what you are doing kanye,we know you want to release your album
LMAO
@sandeshhamir love you bro
You know what’s worse Kanye? To be constantly told that you’re a white supremacist and a racist if you support President Trump or if you’re conservative in general. What’s up with that?
Not really, but your “love” for the President is a bit odd.  You’ve gone a bit beyond “brotherly love” there.  I guess it’s a “dragon” thing.
WHY ARE YOU PREACHING AS IF YOU ARE JESUS.
Because he's yesus...
The "Left" are incapable of "Love"...... and THEY want us to allow them to RUN the Nation?????
Look how "they" treat @kanyewest for HIS opinion, rather than who He IS. No, I'd vote for my dog first....at least SHE loves for REAL.....
You only love urself tho, I’ll give u credit as this being the most impressive strategic marketing but ur integrity and what u stand for will forever be questioned
Kanye, I love u bro but I don’t fuck with your movement of supporting Trump. As a Latino is affecting me a lot because I see you like one of the influential persons of this generation.


you are loving people that hate and hurt the people you love
Ye I'm tryna defend you but its like for every one decent tweet you let out you tweet 3 wild ones
Does Trump love everyone? His actions say otherwise.
Open your mind by visiting Puerto Rico, Kanye. Go see how that Dragon Energy is affecting People of Color.
Vegan
Love should be unconditional but we live in a time where there are boundaries on love. Love should know no bounds.
I love to hate...checkmate 
Sorry to hear that
you can love the wrong people
As long as you're free to love them then love away. That's what he's saying
Yes, but I feel like you can’t just blindly love everyone. There’s right and wrong things in this world, and a way we move forward is to acknowledge the wrongs to make them right. People don’t hate trump for no reason, and we shouldn’t ignore those reasons for the sake of love.
I understand and not that it's a comparison, you don't stop loving your brother or sister because they do stupid stuff. You can love them and not agree with their choices
I agree with that, some people have the perspective of “we’re all brothers and sisters” on this earth, thinking that way makes it easier to understand where someone like Kanye might be coming from. I hope he works with him in a way that’s good for America. He’s a big influencer.
You are the stigma not love
Does it?
you are jjust mad because you aint in Jay Z;s league..... 
tantrums and attention seeking wont get u in dat league.... BIG LEAGUE!!!

Does it?
You can love a person, but you don't have to love their actions.
Love God first! Please read Mathews in New Testament. Jesus wants you to learn about him. I pray you do.
Love you
Yes!! 
This is pseudo intellectualism bro or more probably it's just you trying to be enigmatic. Luckily for you it works on a lot of people because a lot of people are straight up dumb.
I think Kanye is trying to show unconditional 'Love' and he's just taking this example to the max and in many peoples minds too far.. but what do you expect from him?! maybe he's knowingly being that servant and taking that 'bullet' for the people. allwhospeakunitynowjudging.
It’s ok in 2018 to come out as gay!
It doesn’t really though, does it.
How so?
No it doesn't! I tell strangers I've just met I love them almost every chance I get, and it weirds the hell out of them

.....  it's amusing really...
Bull shit
The concept of needing professional help escapes you. Good luck on your journey toward good mental health.
Bish where?
Don’t know why people don’t get it ye
literally shut the hell up LOL
Your new right wing pals hate a lot of groups....
Yeah, no. Not so much.
Love everyone!!!
Just to fake ass people like you
i try to love people i know. i try to feel compassion for people being bombed by a glutinous president of a bordering nation. @kanyewest .  . . you never cease to prove my point that you are in fact #tooshort2haveanopinion
Derm right Ye
Enta 3abee6 yabni?

Love thy #ninjavizion
No it doesn't. That's only the case when it's coming from someone who uncharacteristically shows love.
You're right Kanye it does have a stigma. Well I love you! :)
Loving people isn't the issue. Trump hates a lot of people, many people who are less fortunate than him, or you. He's not a good person. You can love him but supporting his destruction is wrong.
Lol no it doesn’t
@kanyewest  But your mans don't love the Latino community SO WHAT YOU TALKING ABOUT!!!
The world is crazy. U are calling people out and they hate it. U r shining light to darkness
“Dear friends, let us love one another, for love comes from God. Everyone who loves has been born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.”
1 John 4:7-8 NIV
wow when kanye west talk about my issues
many don't trust anymore but look at our kids before 'adults' get a hold of them - we can learn from their openness and purity - they have no baggage - adults teach hate - we have to change that
I have a stigma in my eye
Hey, can I send you my resume?? Didn't make it out of college, been working customer service for 13 years. My current company is closing 6/15. If you're hiring I'm pretty sure you may have something I can  do something within the Yeezy brand. #shootyourshot #canthurttoask
Once more people wake up and realize the coerced thought they've been forced to accept over time, the Democratic Party will slowly die.  Many Republicans are also guilty, politicians were never the answer for the people, you finally have a non-politician fixing things.
Love people unconditional
It shouldn't what happened to all we need is love???
Shame
Not for much longer 
Hmmmm truth.....
You support a man who made fun a mental challenged person. You win.
Only certain people.
Sure. Maybe because people use the term so loosely. It’s easy to be skeptical of a word that is applied to your fellow man or a pair of shorts. “I love them so much!”
Love you I never even thought that I was going to tell you this love you
The world is full of hate right now.  Social media has driven a wedge between us instead of bringing us together.  Your tweets are bringing back my love for humanity.
People don't give a shit that you love freaking Trump! It's the fact that you fucking can support him is the problem. When you fucking get off those drugs and become sober for a few years, you will understand the ramifications of your words. Words are a double edge sword.
Trump was never against you. The media lied to you and you believed them.
America is a stigma
If it’s trump, ya
1/2 Be the bottle of water and not the bottle of soda.....the bottle is you...what’s inside the bottle is your emotions/feelings..the outside world and ppl are gonna rattle/shake you..if you shake a bottle of soda when you open it youre explode.
2/2...if you shake the bottle of water, when u open it it’s the same calm water it was before you shook it...don’t let other ppl and this world disrupt your inner peace!!!
It doesnt. But i can love someone while simultaneously disagreeing with them. Or realizing they arent healthy in my life. That doesnt mean i dont love them at all. It depends how you view love, i guess.
No, no it doesn’t. You are not who you think you are.
Your no poet, you go on and on , with mouth that wont stop repeating. When times past and your ashes rest, no one will remember you for greatness but only for fakness. Fake from your lips, fake from your steps fake from the thought from your very mind, caged in your thoughts
Oh, sweety... Are you tryna rap battle with Kanye?
Not w me.
explain without selling me a book oh yea your gonna steal the basedgods swag and make it free like a bible
Nope
It's obvious that your mother was the one that ensured you took your medication. You been buggin since she croaked.
I mean you are are really building your Trump fan base? Will they buy your music? Will they rock your slave clothes? It's real simple people, if you don't agree with him let it hit his pockets because trump supports ain't buying his music. 
Kanye you are being used by God man. You can help heal the racial divide and the impression that our government wants people to stay in. People will woke (awoken)because of you!
I'm curious to know your explanations.
I been said this ...ppl gotta 
Yes Kanye so true...
Well men don't say it to each other because they don't want people to misinterpret it as something homosexual. If they do say it it has to be followed up with "no homo" You want us to get to a point where "no homo" isn't necessary, just "I love you bro"  #ThursdayThoughts #MAGA
Fish sticks
