Michael Jordan is giving kids full rides to college though.... what you plan on doing with your footwear riches???
He also owns prisons
That’s not even the same Michael Jordan that owns prisons that’s a white guy with the same name lol
Just checked this. Good now I don’t hate him.

Your hairline is pitiful
It is. Baldness is hereditary and I will not give in. Also I should drink more water, thanks.
Michael Jordan is a billionaire! You’re not even on the top ten highest paid hip-hop artist list. You’re wife makes more than you. You’re a millionaire with a below 700 credit rating.

I mean Dr Dre is a known billionaire thanks to Beats and his partnership with Apple yet you dont hear him bragging about his money like Kanye.
Actually he's not. After Beats was sold for $3.2B, he's share bumped his net worth up to about $800M. Still has a lot more money than Kanye though
How much do y’all have though?
Not as much.
Is this true?   Anyone have some confirmation?
If Kanye says it, no confirmation needed.
   I mean sure we can do that
Yeezys 325 and sell out.. most Js sit these days .. so he probably telling the truth
Nah Jordan winning not even close
Well maybe wishful thinking? I don’t know with Kanye these days
Yeezy’s 325 and sell out cause pairs are so much more limited.




 leave kanye alone bru  he dont deserve this.
Nothing wrong with being swole
Lets tokenize the shoes Kanye.

They'll be moon shoes for sure.
Kanye West is LEGIT. 
People doubt
Kanye does
#2024
@APompliano and @kanyewest collab coming soon?
Just supporting a true creator. An Einstein with a smart phone.
I see his periods of creativity and those "rants" are actually mostly ingenuity being expressed in real time. Oftentimes, when society cannot handle creativity they label it madness. We kill most of our best leaders and literally worship them years later...
Not saying he is Gandhi (not sure that is the standard anymore) but people that write him off will and are proven wrong. Also, supporting someone's thought process is now apparently illegal or "hurtful". Some of these snowflakes need to melt. Free thought is essential to free-Dom
Gandhi isn’t the best example of a good leader
Yeah I know which is why I made the caveat. Would have picked Jesus but then there would have been the Jesus never existed crowd. In retrospect let's pick Martin Luther King Jr and call it a day. There will still be detractors.

Jumping over Jumpman
Can you send me tree fiddy?

yet u are still a total asshat Kanye,
LMAO I love u Eric
By manager, does that mean he divorced Kim?
No.
Idk dawg MJ broke 1 billion dollar benchmark with shoewear
Stop lying

You should buy as many jails as possible with your riches, this means  owned by Yeezy. The inmates can turn up, learn, write & produce music and focus their goals until they get out.
Tell em gimme 50 million or imma quit
He’s lying
Numbers don't lie my nigga I been told you niggas this Yeezy jumped over the JumpMan

In 2017, Jordan Brand alone brought in revenue of $3.1 billion and it was only last year that Adidas as an entire company was able to overtake Jumpman in U.S. market share.
@Paul_Stuart read the top 3 comments on this 
The Michael Jordan ones??
Aye 
Two Michael Jordan’s 
PROVE IT!!!!
Kanye, you forgot to add an emoji to this tweet which would have made it great. You didn’t follow your own advice. Therefore delete.
I also call bullshit on this
You’d think Kanye being a Chicago dude wouldn’t try to take a shot at MJ. Then again it’s Kanye.
This gif is literally Jordan right now
This is a lie but these dumb fucks will believe yeezy.
Hella fake news
R u drunk ?
Stop calling out the you know better than that. Your generation grew up wearing Jordan's or at least dreamed about having a pair. He'll never wear your brand. @Jumpman23 @Nike is this guy for real? 
Full of it!
I DONT CARE
@Venners09 Yeezy just jumped over jumpman?
You don’t have to compare to prove a point you know.
Fake news
NOW YOU'VE SAID TOO MUCH DAMN IT!!!!
 your shoes are 10x the price and you're still not even close. None of my friends wear yeezys. J's all day.
The newer Jordan’s releasing like the Cements retailed at $220 after tax. Yeezys are $220. What x10 are you talking about? You probably wear Jordan flights lmao clearly don’t know anything about shoes.
Neither do you. He’s sold oblong the ones of Stan Smith. Jean not on Jordan’s level. And I’ve asked this and have yet to find any info. The one man who probably sold more kicks than Jordan? Chuck Taylor.
That’s not what I was telling him. He’s sayin yeezys are x10 the price of Jordan’s, but they’re not. Retail (which is what the artist like Yee and MJ get a percentage of) is about the same on both ends.
Swear on my Y E E E Z Y
Save your soul Kanye, it’s way better than all that money you got ! Work for Jesus  satin don’t love you! @kanyewest
that’s bc your shoes are $2,000 honey!! 
How can you know that?

 cwala
Blocked
Aaaand probably still hasn’t paid off that $53 million debt 

So what.
king of flexing
Let’s see the receipts!
And humble too!

This tweet isn't humble at all
That was the joke!!
That's neat, Kanye.
Does The IRS know this?
Yet i see majority of people wearing Jordan's & kanye is over pricey asf for some trash
I love you Kanye!
there is no way this is true, and if it is so what you cant sell any clothes or boots you can only sell sneakers
Yet your still broke

Wait so these are Jordans competition?!?!

just stop lying about shit. Just stop lying.
I've seen Jordans that came out last year to ones that came out 20 years ago... I've never seen a Yeezy in my life
And still, I'm pretty sure even the guy that owns Sketchers makes more...
Is this an unprecedented feet ...??? 
 
It's shoes... you walk in them...
Call me when you cure cancer or become a brain surgeon 
Hey, shoes are so much more than just things you put on your feet and walk in!

You run in them too. 
And step in dog shit.... and gum... and spit in....  
#NotThatSpecial  #Next
Weren’t you on Twitter a minute ago begging for millions of dollars since you are so in debt?

Also, your clothes and shoes suck.
Lol.. holla when you get over a billion dollars.
Yes we know what it means. Take your ego down a notch lmao
@CarlSimz @DenzelGuse @tapsmccoy Come see your brother wilding here. The entire fucking day
Haa musharukwa anogwara nonjere uyu
wtf is Ye on?
I need that drug lmaoo
Lol hanzi Trump ndi blaz wangu wechidhaka chaiye
lool i heard about that too...
Kanye makes crazy moves i swear
Lets see how long he gone put up with that shit.
It doesn't count if it is Kim buying all your shoes. #prisonslippers

Dont believe you, show us the Paperwork
D'acc
Michael Jordan has his mental health.

ADVANTAGE: Michael Jordan
I didn't even know you made shoes
Why would anyone feel the need to even announce this?  I guess some just crave attention as a substitute for something else missing in their life. The world is dying for most. And then there are the rich who live in their own bubble #obscene
Put a sock in it.
You ain’t the GOAT tho. People who have to constantly tell you how great they are....they ain’t great.
Micheal got the long money!!!  Nevertheless!!  #carryon
Brah
Appropriate response given his Trump rant today
Don’t forget where you came from , “God.”
Aaaaaaahaaaaaaa WHAT RRRRRR THOOOOOSE!?!?
How Can This Be True When There Are 50,000,000 Middle Aged Men In America Who Own A Pair Of These?

But you still aren’t Michael Jordan

give me half a million dollars then it’s not that much in the grand scheme of things if you really think about it
Ya but his net worth is over 11x more than you...if it makes you feel better, Jeff Bezos is worth 862x more than you, he also sells shoes
Dear #IRS, I hope you are taking notes. Ummm... #Jayz please make sure your lawyers are aware that he does have all the money he owes you and should pay up...with interest.

Aaawwwwwww....so THIS is why you support Trump. #taxbreaks
You are also the BIGGEST  on the planet. Well done 
He’s took my crown. 

Ye stay pressed about Michael Jordan the same way Trump stays pressed about Obama.  Why don’t both you and your president keep their names out of both of your mouths. Ugh.  
Exactly!
So? What do you want, a medal?

But what are you doing with your fortune? The humble don’t talk they do #foodthought
Clean up some of the homelessness in LA

Don't stop Kanye
You also counting the half mil you made from selling off pairs from your yeezysupply inventory??
You’re getting on my damn nerves

Kanye’s just gonna act like Big Baller Brand isn’t in the discussion all of a sudden?
humble yourself.
But you are still bankrupt and begging STARS for their money! #noshame

Mint...still a prick tho
Wow. You are just as insecure and egotistical as your new “brother.” You two deserve each other

Yo Kanye I’m really happy for you and ima let you finish but Michael Jordan has one of the best shoes of all time..... OF ALL TIME!!
I don't see people wearing yo shit where ? Who would wear a shit rappers footwear brand lol
You need therapy.
girl...
I can tell you right now #Kanye that's absolutely not true and why would that even matter to you ... you did not surpass Michael Jordan with 25 years of Air Jordan sales and I thought you loved everyone ....he's your brother. Just stop it please .. not a good look

Toss me 60k to pay off my truck please and thanks.
We have for sale automatic crane and fire truck . 08137074081
It’s Still early in the game we all know what Jordan does in the 4th quarter
Classic junkie jive 
.
#KanyeWest
Boy them ugly ass shoes and them bum ass full of holes clothes

Can I talk my shit again
You don’t got shit to talk
I see you tryna get yo ass flexed
Nah but let my mans ye speak his mind in peace we don’t need the extra commentary
Lmfao nigga who is you? Stay in a child’s place lil bro
I’m the closest thing to Ye son
Naw I am; lol you like Big Sean and I’m Cudi, son
Nah you like the cousin who sit in the studio and tell everybody I’m yo cousin
False. Yeezy will never jump the jump man
I couldn’t let it slide lol he really is a nut mike worth over a billion come on mannnnn
Oh Damn Beast MAGA
Subtle brag

Will your reign be as long-lasting and far-reaching?
I hate that guy
I love Ye but i don’t believe that for a second
@ChristinaaRa @kanyewest I have falling for you baby.
@MM4RD
That's offensive to idiots.
Who gives a fuck?

uhh i dont think so bro, just like @realDonaldTrump saying it doesnt make it true !
Who really cares.

You are also one of the biggest Tosspots on Twitter Kanye 
Jordan's shoes got him on BILLIONAIRE status tho.
Where is Christian Louboutin in all of this?
Really kanye hate to be the one to give you the bad news butt u might want to recheck your numbers buddy
Hahaha que Pendejo eres, tan Pendejo que no entiendes este mensaje...

humble brag???

That’s because your music is shit
Please black people don’t give him and michael jordan another dime. They don’t give a damn about us. All skin folks ain’t kin folks. He has a make america great again hat on and the white boy in the picture is throwing up a white power sign. DUMB
Dude stop while you’re ahead… All that money you made and you didn’t help people in Chicago?
If you have all this money can you give me a scholarship to law school @kanyewest
@kanyewest Share your wealth and help a girl out... this girls got student loans up the waaazoooo  study hard, pay lots
What she said...
Congrats I’m proud of you
I unfollowed this dude yesterday. How is this shit still finding its way to me? Secondly y’all gotta stop buying his shoes he’s sick

My dude your music is Great . But your shoes are a sensation that will fade away. Overpriced mediocrity,.
Proud of you big man x
Maybe that’s because you charge so much. You and all the basketball shoes sure do make it hard for single mothers. You all should be ashamed of yourselves. Smh

You were begging Mark Zuckerberg to pay your taxes cause you were broke a year ago....... How stupid are people???
More than @thebencohn ??????
Jordan:
Yeah , we can change that

Your also currently the most arrogant person on Twitter, congratulations.
Did y’all read what he wrote?! He said he is the SINGLE highest paid meaning he gets more money in shoes than SINGLE Jordan not as a brand. Aka he’s winning!! Just my 3 cents 
Yes, but Michael Jordan is not c##t!!!

He doesn’t act like a cunt though.....
Billion dollar contract.
Congrats
if u got so much money why don’t you do something to help Chicago then instead of bitch abt Obama
not tryna argue cuz i hate trump (and kanye pissed me off) and love obama as much as the next liberal, but isnt it fair to acknowledge that he actually is planning something for chicago?
I’ll believe it when I see it
id love to see it happen
Amen
More money than @RayJ & @KimKardashian sex tape?
Doubtful
Your shoes suck, Big Baller Brand shittiness
This dude can’t compete with Jordan. Come on man. Kanye, you can rap but please don’t start comparing shoes. Especially with the greatest.  I see you gearing up album sales though.
He can't even rap anymore, his last two albums have blown harder than Kim K
Ahhh. There he is.
Where have you been?
I know he’s tweeting again. This is just the most Kanye sounding tweet I’ve heard in a while.
@matteo_rossi_94 fagli vederechi comanda
Hahahaha.... ok

But Jordan is a sporting god, you're not. Grow up
Hes fuckkng Miles off. Adidas as a brand Only just cleared Jordan profits
At least you don't brag yourself 
false
I love me some Yeezys but you high bro?
We'll stop purchasing your footwears then
And... when you die, you can't take it with ya!
Whoopdi fuckin do brah
Cool no one cares
Aye but can you throw a touchdown pass in the final inning of the NHL playoff final?
Jordan has an equity stake in Jumpman, and presumably Nike.  There is a huge difference between paid more and making more money.

But I don't expect you to understand something like this.

Ni quién te pele pinche naco... Cómo se te ocurre siquiera compararte?? Wacala
What are you doing to help Chicago tho 
Who gives a shit about you, who?
And you are by far the most modest and humble person in the world too. What a #muppet
So go put your shoes on and run away
Unamanga Khanyisile!!!
Too much hype as well. #Brandfetishism
Wgaf you token

Hmm funny...maybe you can do something for Chicago with all that money you have
You know Kanye, it’s less egoic when someone else points these things out rather than yourself. Then again, you are Kanye 
Congrats 
But how many cows do you own ?
What ya gonna do for Chicago?
Cool ... go sell em to your new kkk friends.
Kanye you mine as well take this tweet down. Who you playing? Little kids on social media might actually believe this. Smh... miss you tho!
K-man
lol ya shore
What an arsepiece
And who cares
You & your wife need to see a psychologist as soon as possible man. The world is concerned.
There's one born every minute
