BOOOOO
Not the best response
Not the best hero, actually not a hero at all.
Be careful here.

Disagreeing is different than dis-believing.

She has been effective
What did she do that makes her a hero?
More than you ever will.
Wanna explain with facts and evidence or wanna try to look like youre smarter then others by placing short responses that show that you dont know what you're talking about
So how many public speeches and nationwide marches have you orchestrated to solve violence problems in your lifetime? Her facts stand, she’s done more than you or he will ever do.
Guess what she isn't --> a shooter!
excellent point & am very thankful with full agreement, and that doesn't make her a hero.
Guess what else? She isn't a bully either 
Are you serious? This lady is a fake crisis actor and part of a CIA psyop.
Lol
Kanye is trying to do some damage control here
L
OK now you are all over the place. Emma admits she ostracized Nikolas Cruz since middle school. was NO WHERE near the shooting..heard about it by text after all over and didnt attend 1 funeral and NOW wants to punish law-abiding American gun owners #NOPE #2A is here to stay

Actually she fucking DID and no left wing site can take away what i saw and heard LIVE on TV!
I heard her also.
Ostracizing is not the same as bullying. Trying to accuse the victims of being bullies for not including someone is so Trumpian...
Says the guy shitting rainbows LOL
Better than this nightmare fuel, has been.
Actually this pic is from the documentary done on me a few years ago. Let me know when they make a feature documentary on you 
Unfollowed cause you scarred me with a hideous monster
.Hey Kanye,

Emma wants to disarm black people.

Emma wants black people dependent on the po-lice to survive.

Gun control should be a NIGHTMARE for anyone worried about police brutality.

Now you lost me again...SMH
Bothsideism is a pretty safe position to hold when you’re trying to sell records 

Why?
Why not?
First of all, with which gender does @Emma4Change identify? That has to be reflected in the word “hero” to not hurt the feelings of fringe society. Second, this girl is no hero. If you’re referring to #Parkland, she is not one of the #ROTC students who barricaded and saved lives.
What does the word "hero" mean to you? I see your replys all over this thread and I'm curious. Those ROTC kids were heros for protecting others during the shooting. Emma is a hero for being the face of this movement to reform gun control laws. What do you think?
I agree with you on the ROTC kids. Not on the small group of kids (Emma, David, etc.) who are being used by gun control and just control freaks to disarm a nation every time a psycho/criminal/terrorist draws a gun and kills people.
Ok I see where you're coming from. What leads you to believe that they are being used?
Celebs, gun control obsessed media (CNN Town Hall) and elected officials in their corner, Planned Parenthood signs...
Lets touch on the CNN town hall first. In that event are you saying that the media is controlling what they say it are you leaning more towards the idea that media is using the thoughts, ideas, and emotions of the survivors to elevate their own established agenda?
But then again they probably had scripted questions as well. They want ratings. This was for ratings. Not healing. Your thoughts?
I agree with you up to a point. Was it for ratings? Yes, undoubtedly. But besides that I think it was was trying to send a message that this isn't just one or two people who think this way. That a large portion of the population don't agree with the norm surround gun control.
Kanye is a joker 
Have you seen how the right wing has attacked her?
“The right wing”...is that like the vast right wing Kanye West conspiracy? Where is Hillary when you need her?! 
Oh, so now you're denying there even is a 'right wing'? Hillary isn't president, bud. Why do you keep mentioning her? Do you miss her?
Angry? The fuck you on about?
Bot bot bot? Self-flogging? You don't know what the word prove means.
Ooh you know so much about me. Tell me more!
She hates Trump
So does kanye
Since when?
he's saying to go to the person u hate and say u love them... recently started fucmkng with the whole Trump shit... maybe I'm wrong but I hope not
Hope you’re right too.
She's just a kid. Show Love.
Should be @KyleKashuv
Heaven's no...Kyle is a Trump/GOP sycophant. He should be joining David Hogg, Emma Gonzalez, and the rest of his peers who are championing true change.
The change of having rights ripped away from citizens? I’ll take note that having rights taken away Is a good thing
I’d never thought I’d see people marching for the infringement of people’s rights one day.
Why not? It’s a “progressive” movement, progress through indoctrination in our public schools & colleges, progressing twd an acceptance of Socialism and its replacement of Capitalism, accelerated by the Obama, Obamacare, taxes for everything unrelated to roads and defense...
My lord if you think Obama was socialism you'll hate Europe.
Think? No his past, policies, programs, speeches offer us a clear picture of the vision he had for this great Republic. I don’t hate Europe. But I’m also not interested in becoming a subject of a crown that is okay killing babies ie #AlfieEvans in the #UK. Sick.
He was far from a socialist. US poltics is too rightwing. He would literally be considered right wing here. At least we provide health care.
Now the pot stirs
So yeah, how's your bromance going?
Should we ban knives? Hammers? fists? More people die due to fist fights then ar 15s. Guns are fine it's society that needs to change.
What?
Emma is next level. Still not listening to your shit tho
Anyone else confused
Nope, the whole point Kanye is trying to make is he's not being forced to pick a side like everyone expects. It's like, if you're not on the left, you must be on the right and that's not true. He clearly sees good and bad points on both sides like most rational people.
or simply bait and switch for the album and y’all fell for it
 April fools was 27 days ago mane
Wrong. NYU Actress.  Enough said.
Your tin foil hat fell off.
Is this real life?
Can you explain to us why? Surely it's not her misrepresentation of facts which you admire.
Emma is passionate about ending gun violence. She can help repair Chicago.
Chicago? Are you kidding? This girl lives (or at least goes to school-sometimes) in Parkland, FL, sheltered, babied, ill prepared for life w/ NO clue what it’s like to grow up in a major city- the good the bad the ugly. She’d cry the second she saw a bldg w/ more than 2 stories!
Hi resident of South Florida here we've got mad cities here  really niy that sweet, and 2 stories plenty of our buildings are 4 stories+ oh btw Florida especially Soflo/Broward has a high crime rate one of the highest??.... Sheltered I'll give you that though parkland is good.
TONS of crime here. Our Brwd home is in an area of +/- 30 reg’d sex offenders + armed robberies, broad daylight shootings, 10x worse than where we came from (Bklyn & SoBx) but Emma & David want to make illegal OUR rifles, high cap mags, kill #3gun, lv <21yo w/ fams defenseless.
See I agree here we definitely need our wepons, I apologise if you thought I was going against that.
I just feel that we need some sort of middle ground.
Like we definitely need a more balanced gun use carry and rights system.
Explain?
Now is when the rubber meets the road.   I don’t agree with Emma or the way she has handled herself, however, I respect her POV.  I also respect Kanye.  For the courage to speak and dare to be eclectic in thought.  We don’t need to agree to be respectful.
all the right wing fake fans right now
okay
What. I don’t. I mean. What. Good, but. Kanye.
Why?
Anddddd you lost us
Kanye playing ppl and them not realizing they are being played is a mood 
Exactly. People need to remember that this man is so much more than you are looking to come from him. People need a person to be perfectly defined to accept them. The things they don’t understand about a person makes them someone not worth trusting or believing.
But you can’t have a friend like Trump and know fun control is necessary. Your friends don’t define you, it’s a lie that keeps different people separate. I love a life that keeps a menagerie of friends, from homeless to mansions, almost racist to almost black panther. Love em all
Never extremist. People who resort to harming other in anyway is the clear line. Mental, physical or spiritual harm is the line, even if you don’t realize who you’ve crossed it with. But being people’s sensitives to certain things makes this line difficult to define.
.Kanye I want to respect your opinion but I just need to know if you're being bribed or paid off to put this one out.

The Parkland adult students are bullies, especially their handlers
Kanye West supports Donald Trump and says Emma Gonzalez is his hero!?
Anyone else see the disconnect
my hero  Emma Gonzalez 
Black pepper have been trying to tell everybody for literally years to not take him seriously  he’s doing all of this for attention because he’s got an album coming out and nobody knows him for his music anymore
I just realized I said “black pepper”
I agree with u on Trump but not on this but still respect @kanyewest for having the balls to speak out. Me no #snowflake
Enjoy the blue wave

Uhm thasa green wave if I've ever seen one
well it certainly ain't red... :D
CONSERVATIVES MAD
This is the plot twist I needed
<pick a side. dumbest statement ever
That's me "free thinking" just like the great Kanye would want it.
Picking a side is not free-thinking.
That's why I put it in quotations. Sarcasm.
Sorry, I meant to reply to “pick a side asshole”, without the quotations.
Mila would want you to pick a side
I don't get why everyone is so surprised. You want to help Chicago and one of the biggest issues in Chicago is gun violence and Emma represents firm opposition to gun violence.
I don’t know, Chicago has some of the strictest gun laws in the country, but those gun laws aren’t doing anything to protect the people that live there.
No I know it has strict gun laws but clearly they not working. So maybe kanye supports Emma to take these laws further hoping that'll work
Like in Sweden where NOBODY can carry?? 
They have shootings EVERY day!! Small nation w/ 9 mil. people.
Get a little EDUCATED b4 you make yourself sound stupid.
It still has far less deaths per 100,000 than America
Most of those deaths are suicides.  Somewhere like 75%.
So far this year without suicide there has been 4592 deaths as a result of guns. In 2017 there was 61649 deaths not including suicides and suicides was roughly around 22000 meaning not even half so don't make up percentages in the future
I apologise my referencing here is inaccurate last year there was 61649 total incidents with 15614 resulting in death. But the 22000 suicides are still excluded from these statistivs6
Sorry Kanye but these kids at parkland are PROMOTING suppression and removal of rights like slave days #kanye @kanyewest
Local Twitter User Compares Gun Rights To Slavery. Thinks It Is A Good Argument. More At 8.
Hero? I'd say ill-informed opportunist who's lack of experience on earth is being taken advantage of for political gain.
Couldn't have said it better.
Dude wtf!!!!!!! Nooooooooo absoutley not !!!! Shes a God damn actor she never went to the scho either
Wow you've taken the Alex Jones Kool aid too far.... lay off the conspiracy crap
Bruh really ? She wasn't even in the school during the shooting also tell me this why isn't there footage of school shooting ? Where's cctv coverage of it ? David hogg graduated from California
You must’ve been born on the highway, because that’s where most accidents happen.
3/10 for the burn attempt...slight warm feeling no damage noted
She’s a bully:

A cartoon political gauge does not change the fact the she admittes to bullying the shooter
You can actually click the cartoon for more content 
"You didnt know this kid" she said. I saw the video. She admitted bullying him. Your gaslighting website can not change facts.
You say @Emma4Change is your hero & yet you cozy up to Trump, the unAmerican President whose values - if he has any - are the opposite to Emma's? I'm struggling here......
If she was a Marxist she wouldn't be for gun control. She has the Cuban flag because her family is from there. It isn't that complicated.
What are you even saying?

Pretty much every Marxist/Communist government has disarmed their population, including Cuba. Of course Marxists/leftists are for gun control. Tell us how the USSR somehow was against gun control.
Marx was against gun control, just because some totalitarian dictators confiscated guns doesn't mean it was following the teachings of Marx.
He only supported "workers" being armed to overthrow the government & implement a communist state after which the population would get disarmed (see any communist revolution). If he saw how commie-like the US establishment has become, he would support disarmament.
Even if your interpretation of Marx here is correct ( which of course I don't agree with ), that definitely means Emma Gonzales isn't a Marxist since she is calling for gun control before the revolution and overthrow of the government.
Marxists underwent a "long march through the institutions" for the last century. They already control most of the US. They don't need guns for a revolt, it is in their interest to disarm people to keep the current power structure. And that's why the left promotes gun control
This gun control that is being pushed by liberals is just an emotional response to the shootings that have occurred. Liberals are not marxist, no matter how many times you falsely accuse them of this. Libs are just as much the enemy as republicans to any Marxist.
She admitted bullying the Stoneman Douglas HS shooter. Not a hero, just a normal teenager.


Oof nice taking a 7 min speech outta context. The guys been reported to the authorities several times, as she says in the full speech, pretty obvious he was mistreating his peers and the other students wouldn’t have it.
Ostrisizing for being a general terror on his peers = bullying?
You don’t know what came first and, yes, ostracizing someone is bullying.
Nah, bullying is defined as repeated harassment against another person, I don’t think it’s a stretch for his peers to call someone who regularly pulls stuff like this an asshole
Naw dude...You made it clear who YOUR hero is.
Man, i cannot believe how people can figure out that you are just marketing. It is a good campaign man, you got the left and the right talking about you non-stop. Kudos on that. But you lost all credibility to a lot of people. Do you tho, i ain't hatin.

She’s heavily insulated, applauded and reward by every liberal platform, wheres the courage in that?
Why is she your hero?
Kanye this week
Wrong on this one. She was one of the bullies and cousin of David Hogg. She didn't organize anything. More will eventually come out.
She didn't bully. And she's not hoggs cousin. People of low intelligence will believe anything if it aligns with their views. Even if it's proven wrong.
We’re starting to see a pattern @kanyewest
Ummmmmm no. She is NOT a hero..
I think I would have rather seen Donald J Trump there. I think he has done more to further the conversation on school safety than anyone. Emma's mind is being controlled by CNN. I don't say that because I'm conservative. she is doing nothing for school safety.
@KyleKashuv is a hero. Emma is #HoggWash.
I don’t know enough about her to have a strong opinion of her as a person. I’m not a fan of gun control though. I read history all the time. (I know, I’m a nerd) Gun control has never played out well. They have good points, but the people committing the crimes don’t follow...
The law. Only the people you would actually WANT to have guns will follow the rules. Hitler used gun control to protect the children before he killed millions. I prefer to be armed. We come from different backgrounds though, if you see that it would actually work please inform me
From what I hear she was a terrible bully. Did she witness something horrific? Welcome to the real world. But I survived decades of bullying and considered suicide almost daily as a result. So hero? Not so much.
In the same rant you claim a massacre @ school is the real world you want sympathy for run of the mill bullying?News flash every1 experiences bullying.No1 feels bad for you, no matter badly you try to bring your unrelated self victimization into conversation on teenagers.Grow up
Kanye is flipping out
Red meat to the left
He’s irrelevant
she is not a hero, she was the bully
Yes, the school shooter is the real victim here.
This is my favorite tactic of dim liberals who want to appear smart; "Right, so (argument/point nobody is making), got it."
get off my Twitter timeline, it's a nice day outside.

Anything to sell a record?
She was the BULLY actually
Soo - he's literally saying, "Princess Leia is my hero", while he actively works to support Darth Vader... #hypocrite #NoValues
Lol all the trump supporters that were saying liberals couldn’t handle his trump “opinions” are mad over this post 
i aint mad LMAO its free speech b!
Lol good for you but read the tweets b!
Pick a lane, seriously.
This storyline wilder than Infinity War!
Maybe you should have a talk with her about bullying.
You misspelled zero
When you have everyday heroes around you that actually look like you and yet you still looking.
@kanyewest do you own a gun?  If so many ppl want to take that away from you.  Are you ok with that?  

American people will not elect or support anyone who wants to take away 2A, 1A or any A’s  hence @realDonaldTrump
She's a self-proclaimed bully.
Please stop yourself while you’re ahead. You were doing so great supporting @POTUS but let’s not support someone that wears pro-communist patches on their jackets and wants to abolish the second amendment!
Im so confused on what your political views are
He’s a free thinker, he has opposing views on everything, I feel like he has let everyone from every political party down a little bit hahahaha
True shit. Politics aside though, he’s completely changed as a person and i knid of respect him now. All about positivity and shit
Yeah for sure
Why her? Why not @KyleKashuv?
Y’all praised him for being a free thinker... then try to tell him how to think when you disagree
How is asking him to explain his veiwpoint on something telling him how to think?  Sounds more like she is looking to understand why he feels this way.

All people should try to understand one another, even if they choose to disagree.
Why is anyone upset that he has an opinion!? This has been the point! If you disagree, tell him why, then go on with your life! No need to insist he pick a side! I love a good debate...but not a judgemental forced debate! He said he likes @POTUS...that's enough for me!
I don't think Kanye West is a Conservative by any stretch but that isn't the point. His point is that his community has too long accepted the dogma of the Left as Gospel. He's just telling Blacks they should think for themselves, reach own conclusions, just as West reached his.
He doesn't have a point. He's trying to sell records. He's selling his soul with them.
You sound like a very sad envious soul! I'd tell you to sell yours, but no one would want it!
please, you think Kanye has a soul? Go rewatch the Famous video and the dumb video Kim released as "proof" Taylor was a snake
Stop tweeting this stupid sh!t.
It's rather amazing that anyone is dumb enough to have this opinion.
Do you say this to trump as well?
Are you trying to stem the tide of free thinkers you unleashed? Rein them back in? You are a funny one. Thanks again for the boost going into the midterms.
Let the bull run.
Kanye---

She's bought and paid for by liberal media. 
Nice person, but totally brainwashed. 
Sorry bro. Research this one. 
And check the real HERO -------> @KyleKashuv
Nice person? Skipping school and leading fellow teens of neo-hippies trashing the streets of D.C. to cry and scream about being a bully but wanting mature adults in the real world to hand over their rifles-that’s “nice”? No, it makes her a poorly educated FOOL.
So, you're hero is an anti-constitution high schooler who doesn't have a clue? It's a good thing I didn't jump on that "kanye train" like other conservatives did.
So Kanye if I'm understanding this, you like Trump only because of his attitude and "dragon energy", but not his political viewpoints. And you like Emma because of her political activism/viewpoints. Is that correct?
She *actually* makes America Great.
What reasons would this be? Your supports and loyalties, are quite confusing.
HERE'S A REAL HERO KANYE
She is a survivor like many of the other students.
One can respect her taking a stand for something she believes, but what was her actual act of heroism? People throw around the word “hero” so often it has lost its value.
This is a girl?
This is a true hero.
Im not with you there @kanyewest
how come you repping @realDonaldTrump and then saying @Emma4Change is your hero?  He is harming our kids, wants to arm teachers. Join her, don't undermine her by propping up the NRA loving authoritarian POS Pres.  For real Kanye get a grip.
You are right.  In addition to being owned by the NRA, Trump also hates immigrants, degrades women, pays off porn stars, hates facts and science, colludes with Russia, rants on Twitter daily, all while golfing more than any other president. What a guy!
Oh, snap! I had so much hope for You Kanye., one word for you hun, consistency.
Good luck with getting a coherent train of thought out of him.
I know, it's just good old Kanye, never fails to disappoint LOL
But since he's famous we have to take him seriously for some reason.
He’s got ties to the kardashians. They are Illuminati. They are Qanon
I don't take him seriously and I never have, because this is the way he's been, I'm just happy that he's a leftist thinking person that's willing to open his mind to different ideas unlike many of the others who are set in concrete.
I must admit that it's rather amusing seeing them freak out because he basically said people should be allowed to have their own opinions.
Haha they want him on the conservative plantation
Maybe if she was an activist against all the Clinton child trafficking which is the real problem instead of gun control which is not a problem, she’d be my hero too.
I guess his mental illness is now cured according to liberals
Crisis actress.
Ooops! You just stepped in it. Emma's hero was a man (Che) that hated and killed blacks. Still your hero? I suspected you would eventually trip yourself up, and you did it with this tweet. Done!
Geez don't be so naive, she's a paid actor and a faker!
She’s an admitted bully what’s to be proud of that?
you never pass up a chance to ride someone else's PR coat-tails, kanye. I suppose you know all to well how much PR it takes to sell shallow, unoriginal music

Emma is great. You suck.
Bro this is the girl that bullied the school shooter. Fail lmao
Why?
So, Serious question.  How can she be your hero and you love trump at the same time?  Her entire being is the anti-trump and she is everything he is fighting against.
Exactly while ill never buy an album no matter how much I like the music. I refuse to support your two faced life style.
@KANYEWEST WE LOOOVE YOU ULTIMATELY!!!!!!!!!
Really? She’s your hero, but you love trump? Come on. Stop it.
Yea what a hero. She along with others bullied the man that came back and shot up the school.

She’s not a hero. She’s a survivor, sure. But heroes save lives. She on the other hand, for the thing she is getting so much praise for, is nothing more than a spoke on the wheel. She’s only “effective” because of her backing. I think of her as a willing patsy for liberal media
@Emma4Change @davidhogg111 @cameron_kasky @John_Barnitt @riromtz @NicoleHockley  @johnlegend #NRAOwned Trump Turned #TheLastAmericanDream Into A #KKK #Nazi, #WW3 #ClimateChangeDenying Russian Nightmare#BoycottKanyeWest
Too bad she probably hates you along with the rest of thinking people in the world
Isn't that emma4change? She admits to bullying school shooter Cruz for years! She's the last person I would consider a hero. Just a mouthpiece used to revoke gun ownership freedoms.
Your two heroes, @realDonaldTrump  & this kid, #emmagonzalez,  used by media are near enemies.  A friend to all is a friend to NoNe.

How about Him to be your hero!!!!!! Jesus is my real hero

I’m sorry @kanyewest but she rubs me the wrong way! Come on Gemini look deeper into her motives! I’m not fooled, she only cares about her OWN agenda, she is too predictable!
Who is that dude?
Gag 
Sure whatever.......
Tool of the ruling class used to further disarm the slaves
When u bipolar af
Bro, @Emma4Change isn’t a hero. She’s an antecedent.
Nope. But yeah, you are free to think however! Because #USA
I guess Kanye found his way back... that’s our Kanye... never fails to get people talking.. hope the album is better than his promotion..
Sorry she is not she is a pawn for the left!

WHY DO U CONFUSE ME
"Those who are talking about how we should have not ostracized him? You didn't know his kid, we did!" - Emma Gonzales

Bullies should never be respected.
Hypocrite.
I have lots of love and respect for Kanye having his own voice, but isn't supporting Emma Gonzalez a total contradiction?
Disagree but I’m starting to realize it’s okay to do so.
Does that mean your bodyguards will no longer carry semi-automatic pistols?
How can this Castro Sympathizer be your Hero?! You kidding @Kanyewest?? Either your on the #Trumptrain or you’re not, WHAT UP?! #MAGA
Oh god the real annoying thing about this is that there's 2 spaces between "hero" and "Emma"


Kanye West called Emma Gonzalez his “hero.”

That’s sad... because he was actually starting to make sense for a…
My hero!
L
I love you Emma, You stupid fucking bitch
Shame on you Kanye


if she's your hero...then can you ask your brother to ban AK 47s? THANKS!!!
Most of these tweets are fueled by silent bigotry and hatred that has been bubbling below the surface.... It’s obvious that he has lost himself in the Eurocentricity bs... Amerikkka is truly the home of the hateful.
I just about let myself get pissed about this because the 2A is nothing to mess with, but you can't cheer him wearing a maga hat and saying Trump inspires him, then get pissed when he subscribes to something you disagree with, or you're part of the problem, ty 4 the lesson.
Plot twist
Calling Emma Gonzalez a “hero.” ???

That’s sad... 

Why would Emma be your hero? She bullied a kid until he lost his mind, killed 17 people, & then blamed it all on the NRA.

What part of that is heroic?
She didn't bully him. Do some research.
He lost his biological family and adopted family. He was bullied relentlessly at school and abused at home.

Had one person reached out to him, school staff or a student, this could have been prevented. Instead he was bullied. He was ostracized. His cries for help were ignored.
Your comment comes across as making excuses for a cold blooded murderer. Had Manson had a different upbringing he may not have turned into a madman, Gacy, Bundy, etc, will you be making excuses & explaining away their guilt as well?
Not making excuses for anyone, that shooter deserves a bullet to the back of the head in the middle of Town Square as an example to others.

Murdereres, rapists, pedophiles and violent criminals: Line 'em all up and execute every last one of them.

Let God sort 'em out.
And trump will be the first in line
You said rapists and violent criminals
Emma is a true hero with no time for you or your games. She’s fighting for lives. You’re fighting for a seat with trump. You will never be as great as Emma is. I hope she comes so hard for you so you’re finally put in your place and your nonesense will finally be over.
You saw her response, right?  
A picture of James Shaw JR. The black man who saved all those people  bare handedly.
Emma has demonize people that think differently from her. Her thoughts are coming from CNN. I think maybe you should find a new hero if you're really for free thought.

bro you are seriously confused arent u ?
Kanye! Bro! Do you know what the hell you are doing right now? Cuz brother you can’t support trump and the Parkland students at the same time. That would be like fighting a war and turning and shooting you’re own troops. You can’t do that bro!
Stop the flow of white terrorist shooting up Americans, 580 by one shooter alone in Vegas, 17 children at Parkland, 26 in a Texas church, and on and on and on...stop domestic white hate, it kills more Americans than any other form of terror!
NOT mine!
Emma is a Leader of the New Hitler Youth!  It is very simple.  When you attack the Bill of Rights, you are just another bigot in a long line of bigots!  Emma is a bigot.  She should go get herself a Swastika or a white hood and robes.
No way man, she’s an actor, they all are...#FaseFlag

my hero  James Shaw Jr. 
Quite the shun... lol
#Antiheroes
https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/emma-gonzalez-shooter-bullying/ … not true. Also as a  past bullying victim it’s kinda wack to assume that’s a well enough excuse to shoot up a school. Shouldn’t it be the shooter that’s responsible for the murders? Not the kids they knew in high school?
Lmao You do realize snopes is in itself fake news, ran by two left wing liberals and a cat .....?
U rite, I should just get all my facts from the funny pictures with words that my meemaw puts on her Facebook page
Lmao at the very least you should at least try and find CURRENT articles to try and support your opinion not something a decade old .......
That’s just the response to a decade old claim? What’s to stop me from asking the same thing of your sources? Out of any of the photos you’ve shared in this conversation, would you be able to provide the date it was created, who created it, their background?
I’m happy to provide a more academic argument but you’d have to be the one to set the example. That’s why I will not accept a response to this tweet unless it is through a 2 page word document complete with bibliography and in text citations, Due May 4th, 11:59pm
Bro, she admits to BULLYING the kid that snapped and killed her classmates so she could be "famous" now.  Come on...

SNOPES, really? hahahahahahahahahahahahha
