It’s disappointing that all Americans don’t root for Trump’s success. Disagree with policy, but why tear Trump down 24/7? That’s the left.
Republicans did the same with Obama
And that’s wrong too.  The difference was MSM was pro-Obama therefore kid gives were used on anything controversial.
Republicans were worse about Obama actually. I never said anything about msm either
NOT EVEN CLOSE. Conservatives actually embraced Obama until he started with the Fast & Furious, the Obama Care lies and dirty dealing, slandering the right, the horrible cash for clunkers which pushed car prices up & trashed good classics, confiscated pension funds for Union ext.
Conservatives embraced PBO? I missed it. When? When they were hanging monkeys in effigy? Putting out lawn jockeys? Claiming he was a radical black? Follower of Alinsky? Saying he was a Muslim? Not American? You should start selling whatever you are smoking.
How many people are you talking about? EXCACLY. And now put that number next to how many Republicans there are.
The vast majority of Republicans had said/done at least one of the things listed above. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard someone say he wasn’t born in the US
"Ye being Ye is a fight for you to be you." 
I think you seriously got your 2024 slogan right there.
Over the target. Have always been a fan. Much respect you’re not afraid to be true to your beliefs 
Waiting for you to create some music that articulates new found #intellectualfreedom vs. #intellectualslavery and #IntellectualBrutality of the Democrat plantation too many are still stuck in! Write!!!
The modern liberal preaches tolerance while alienating people for their conservative views. The conservative preaches conservatism while accepting people for their Liberal views. I think Conservatives are content with voting rather than shouting down opposing views. #woke
You're a better man than me! lol
MAGA!
I think he's off his rocker.....he has been on a rant of nonsense for days now
No you don't love Hillary. She stole $6billion in donations meant to rebuild Haiti. The media has been covering up the massive Haitian protests against The Clinton Foundation. Please raise the alarm on this Kanye
someone got played.
Ye all got played
Be careful- you are straying far off the Dem plantation of group think...

Linda Tripp claims it was Hillary who ordered the massacre on those 80+ innocent Americans in Waco TX. http://rense.com/general8/tripp.htm … You might not love Hillary if the occupants who were incinerated that day were African Americans.
why is the internet still fighting over hillary vs trump like it’s over and nothing can change it now
damn I guess people can only argue things that happen in the unforeseen future, the past is off limits now I guess 
yeah i agree
Well Dragon Brother... that’s tricky! Because now there’s Evil involved! Maybe love the sinner hate the sin can be applied but...that carnage cannot continue...or we’re all doomed! Don’t sacrifice popularity over principles! Be careful with that!
Nope this isn’t ok you’re not woke now you’re just being dumb
Live look at all of the #MAGA supporters who suddenly became Ye's biggest fans:
I’m a fan of a person being able to have his or her opinion and the right to speak their mind. My son loves his shoes. I like some of his songs...but what do I love most? FREEDOM FOR ALL!!!!!
Oh, so everyone is free to speak their mind except for Colin Kaepernick?
That’s me pleading for Adidas to not sign him. I love Adidas gear but I cannot support a company that supports someone as divisive as him. There’s a difference between speaking your mind & supporting violence against police officers. Way different.
And of course I believe Colin can speak his mind. But just like any employer, you have to be prepared for how the markets responds. Someone who disrespects the country by taking a knee to protest against the country, probably going to hurt the revenues of the NFL & it did.
He's trying to bring back the idea of civil debate. Pay attention, America.
Brendan, he's being a Leader for Unity.  

#Unity
Can you just explain why you support him but didn’t support Bush? Like do you know something we don’t? Please enlighten us ye
He’s not anything like Bush? 
Other than being a white (R) ?

I’d say that’s it. Maybe actually see what he’s done/doing. Turn off cnn / Palmer is a  neither have been “right” about the “scoops” from any “sources” in 16 months now. Not once. Pay attention
Not me, the left and Hillary is part of the left!!  Hillary calls me names like I’m racist, I’m a deplorable, I’m not smart enough to know who the right person is to vote for!!!  She even goes over seas and tells other nations about us!!  Like a friend told me, she is the devil w
Tell that to a little girl who is terrified her mother will be deported because @realDonaldTrump ended DACA. Go ahead, we’ll wait. 

This is not 50/50.
If her mom is here illegally, she should be. 

Do we let little kids that are terrified their father or mother that robbed a bank dictate the outcome of their sentencing hearing? Nope. You are appealing to emotion.

They can be illegally present in a country and they have to go back. This isn't the Holocaust, stop trying to steal a Holocaust survivor's quote to try to push a moronic narrative. 

NO. ONE. IS. BUYING. IT.
I’d rather be a bleeding heart than a dead one like you!!
If you don't want to have a dead heart I would start by not letting criminals come here.
Of good god yes all people that come here are criminals!! Where are you getting your stats from??
You look like one
That was much than the others 
Hillary is a Sal Alinsky loving thug.
Appreciate your bravery and you being true to YOU. However Hillary is a criminal who sold YOU and me both out.
Trump sold us out and continues to sell us out. The first thing he did was meet with private prison giants.
Gtf lol #Clown
Hillary is one sick lil pedovore.. but i pray for her.. god will judge our enemies.. we'll arange the meeting
Way 2 go, @Kanyewest.  You're making Liberal heads, all over America, explode!
Stand fast, Don't give these enemies of liberty room to breathe.
If my friend is jumping off the bridge, and I tell him don’t jump you’ll die.. am I using the fear of death to manipulate his free thought or am I trying to save him!?
I don't know about you folks, but holy hell is this woman below a knockout.  Too bad I'm not black...at least from the waist down.
Guy stop tweeting ,tell your wife to stop posting her  private part on social media. It exhausting we are tired of seeing it.

Notice how the Trump supporters are loving him now all of a sudden.
Weird! I thought performers were supposed to stay out of politics?....
Probably one of the most idiotic things I have ever heard. Why would anyone stay out of something that affects them on so many levels. Doesn't matter what your profession is. I bet you have a list of professions that shouldn't care about the laws and policies that are enacted.
Kanye is really running for president. And he’s stirring the pot early. 
This is all an elaborate plan to get Russian bots to push his new album. Kanye might be a genius.
Lmao ... better yet, a distraction. During times of actual possible impeachment  #koonyewest
People need to appreciate other people’s opinions even if you don’t like it, that person has a reason you may not know about.
Just stop.
Acting like that won’t get you anywhere.
Acting like what? A free thinker? Cool story bro...
I believe you asking someone to stop what they are saying does not give you the title of free thinker. 

Actually it gives you title Kanye loathes.. The thought police. 

You don't agree with their views so you tell them to stop or shut up or whatever. 

quit being thought police
It’s my opinion. Irony? #keepit
I mean... don't call yourself a free thinker while trying to shut down someone else's free thinking opinion.. 

Yeah it's quite ironic too lol... #KeepThat
Uh huh.
what do you think of Bernie Sanders tho?
Socialism is skinny fuck capitalist lives
What language are you trying to type?
LOL this dude has ALL of you twisted up. Album drop timing...
Actually he has said in the past that he liked Trump
And? Now he says he loves Hillary
Hey everybody it’s OKAY to support someone that might not match 100% of your beliefs. But 100% of people do want jobs, security and lower taxes. Like Trump or not these numbers are getting better and at record numbers for blacks.
Not because of Trump’s policies. In his second year, as his policies take effect, growth is slowing.
Please jump with your friend!
But Trump don’t love you
No he dosen't

Ok and?
What more you need? Are you that hate filled or you call anyone you disagree with a racist because they don’t agree with you. I have seen the left using people of color and if they don’t agree with you they get called Uncle Tom. 

Just saying facts.
Left or right. It don’t matter any person that has policies against POC is wrong
I love Hillary too, I hate what she does though.
they both drop bombs on poor black and brown people congrats on your f*cking stupidity 
They both drop bombs on black people...

Do even believe the garbage that comes out of your mouth?
?!!! my black country was just one of the many Obama, Trump, the Clintons and Bush bombed and colonized
Sounds like you hate everybody.

In the words of Yeezy... try love not hate
no just murderers, war criminals, the greedy 1% and co. I love pretty much everyone else on the planet

Love Hillary for what? What has she done to benefit the USA or  during her “illustrious career” except become a multimillionaire? Russian reset -failed, Benghazi-video lie to cover incompetence, election -fail & blame everyone 
FUCK HILLARY.
HILLARY SOLD OUT AMERICA AS SECRETARY OF STATE. BUT IF PEOPLE WANT TO SUPPORT HER LET THEM. THEY'RE SCREWING THEMSELVES. SOROS!!!!!
TRUMP WAS THE MAN WHO SAID "WE ARE GOING TO TAKE AMERICA BACK FOR AMERICANS! NOT GLOBALISTS!" 

HILLARY IS WHO WE'RE TAKING AMERICA BACK FROM!!! DEMONIC SOUL!
I love trump as much as the  haters hate him  .
We wicked to each other but they not gone spk on that
If you love Hillary too, can you ask Trump to stop threatening to throw her in jail?  Maybe you can explain to him what a #bannanarepublic is since your one of only five black people he aknowledges.  Shame he thanks you for tweet but can't praise #wafflehousehero #JamesShawJr .
Jeeze you do know thst it was Clinton and her camp that started the hate you have for trump out spite for losing the election. 
There is no collision. No trump Russia. No wikileaks Russia. Just a sad old bitter woman that lost. The sooner you realize that the better you'll feel.
Dude take the blue pill not the pink ones.  You sound like you are lost and stupid. 
I don’t think you know what the blue pill is. It makes you happy but you don’t understand anything. Red pill is reality
Red pill is constant fear and anger towards immigrants and anyone different from you*
And I’m just stating what the pills are. The red/blue pills are a reference to the Matrix
I called it the pink pill cause he’s a pussy
Yes I know but in the movie the blue pill is literal given a negative connotation. It is a blissful ignorance
The movie had nothing to do with politics. It could’ve been a black or white pill.
Yes but the reference ever since has been to the movie. The blue IS ALWAYS blissful ignorance

Facts they both devils and wicked
We need to see justice when it comes to the Hillary camp. She needs to pay for her corruption. But I guess we can still love.
Lmao how many investigations on Hillary till Trump supporters shut up?
I can’t believe the same man who said on television that Bush didn’t care about black people is out here giving Trump any kind of positive support whatsoever.
Bush doesn't care about people he is satanic elite Kanye was right!
Hillary kills babies and steals from Haiti and those in need!!
Trump steals from you when he refuses to pay taxes and tries to enroll you into his fake university.
These people don't listen to reason they are filled with hate I just told the person Hilary kills babies and stole billions from Haiti and she had to come back with something like that shit is normal or something!
There are lines you don’t cross. You’re supporting an anti democratic regime that was backed by our foreign adversary. He wanted the Central Park 5 KIDS killed. They were innocent kids. He took out a full page ad. What is wrong with you?
You have 22 followers.
Liberals don’t get it by attacking Kanye you’re red pilling millions of black people. Sorry you can’t control us anymore with your buzz words. This is America I’m allowed to think differently and openly.
Support who you want. We will support who we want. Just don't be sad when we stop supporting you.
If I support Hitler does that mean I am still a good person? Should you not see me as a Nazi? Trump is not Hitler, but he is a pathological liar. To catch him lying you only need to have a DVR & a rewind button. No need to listen to CNN, just listen to him lie.  of a feather...
You're not Jesus or even a Yesus.  Start taking your meds again.
god DAMN
What?
Your reply had me dying 
I'm glad you liked it.  I ain't afraid of no Yeezy.
Seeing a grown woman use the word “Yesus” in a sentence made my day.

Do you listen to his music at all?
No. I do not.
The controllers are ringing the alarm. Free thinkers like Kanye are dangerous
What? I'm pretty sure that's supposed to be either McConnell, Sessions or Trump... who the fuck is this generic white gu ..... oooooooohhhhhhh
But it was trump that won the Ellis island award for his work with inner-city youth by the way that’s Muhammad Ali and Rosa parks on stage with him
Not true on why he won it. 
And almost everyone with a recognizable name in NY has received it.
George W. Bush doesn’t care about black people but Donald Trump is cool. Gotcha. Cool, thanks.
GWB is a piece of shit, and is part of the Clinton cabal. They are all the same. now they mad because they lost an election they rigged..bwhahahaha
Yes. Everything and everyone in the government is rigged against Donald Trump the honest and honorable man in the world, we know. What time is it in Moscow right now?
You’re programmed to believe that drivel. Listen to Kanye, break free from the mental prison you’re trapped in.
Or you could get your head out of Kanye’s ass and see the world around. Do you not understand what propaganda and disinformation campaigns are? See right through it. No false equivalency. No “both sides” bullshit. That’s what they want you to believe so you don’t call it out
Lol uh huh
Read up on the Russian propaganda machine and the methods they use and why. Stop being fake woke
lol russia has been meddling for decades, this isnt a new story. Leave your cubicle once in a while
Funny, we've never seen her at services.
She worships from her own secret dungeon.. that is why
Pix or it didn't happen.
#Q has them
Don't take this the wrong way, but we don't believe you. Let us know when this Q person publishes them so we can see them. Until then, we're unconvinced.
She is probably too demented even for your cult.. the video of her killing a child will be released when the NSA decides to release it.
So in other words you have no proof and you're living in a fantasy world. Okay. Say hi to Gandalf and Mr. Tumnus for us, friend.
Don't love Hillary
You know that quote isn’t real right 
Ok pat
Funny how you used something else as a deflection from the topic at hand
Why? Why do we have to love people who have done irreversible damage to American democracy?
I agree Bush and Obama created such a mess in our country and the Middle East. Such a shame
That's not what I said and this may surprise you but the middle east is not in America. And I don't think either of those presidents refused to investigate election tampering
You know our democracy was affected the moment we mess with those countries, you should know. Like civilian surveillance and profiling happened. We are not even going to what else those presidents done domestically
dude at least try to make some kind of well supported point you just look like a rambling lunatic
These ramblings are like Charlie Sheen's before the news came out he was snorting massive rocks & had "tiger blood" in his veins
Dragon energy = tiger blood = aids
Hold this L
What is to love about Hillary exactly?
Please.
Hillary’s going to need a lot of love where she’s going.
Trump can be her welcoming committee then
Warden Trump. Love it!  Thanks
Good try-only one bring investigated is 45. He’s betrayed us to the Russians. Regardless of party affiliation, I don’t know how you can still support him.
Whatever he did it’s working.  Keep it going. I’m sure selling realty has been good for you.   He’s been great for my company!
So, undermining our democracy is ok as long as you profit? Sounds like strong patriotism.
I’m a Disabled Veteran so I know what it’s like to be patriotic for our country.  The Russians didn’t persuade my decision in voting for our President
Maybe not yours but it did for a lot of people. Regardless of your voting, 45 refused to impose Russian sanctions which Congress overwhelmingly approved. If you don't think 45 is compromised by Putin, you haven't been paying attention.
All you people flipping out about this definitely haven't read the bible. "Hate the sin love the sinner." That's the concept he's trying to get across here.
Calm your hemorrhoids.
Well said!
an open mind even if they are Republicans? DAM. All Blacks Must Vote Dem. cause that is the way it works. RIGHT?
Ye being ye
Yes Kanye! Exactly
Go off
Shut the fck already bro @KimKardashian get your man by the time he done he finna be done
Waking up the sleeping Giants!
KANYE is shredding the fabric of political conventional wisdom much like trump did two years ago…


Yes. It hurts to know we've been lied to.
I respect you as a person & for the art that you create & I recognize that you are entitled to your own opinion. As I am entitled to mine. As a latina woman I do not like or respect trump. As a registered Independent I did not support Hillary. That is me being me 
Don't lose your backbone now your jellyfish is showing
Do what u want
Respect u
Trump stayed silent #WaffleHouseShooting #TrumpIsARacist



You’re a good man Kanye and your Momma would be very proud 

Oh Please! Kanye West is just another super-mega-rich person so far out of touch. Imagine the millions this superstar made w/the GOP tax cuts.  By embracing this grotesque president, West reveals he “doesn’t care about” poor people. Or the middle class.  $700 sneakers. Enough.
I don’t love Hillary. I mean as a Christian I love all humans I guess. But she’s a special kind of evil. We all deserve to be loved. And only god can judge in the end. And she will be judged. Justice for us all.
You misunderstand your own post.  And you need to understand (a year later) that Hillary is not- let me say that again,  excep, this time , I will capitalize  the "not".  Hillary is NOT the president, Trump is and his words matter more than Hillarys.  Stop being a moron.
Hillary is a Satanist

That didn't take long. Let's face it, Kanye is too rich to care about politics. But the fact he's not spitting on Trump really pisses off the left. I love how they whine and fuss and blow EVERYTHING out of proportion.
Ye holding a mirror out to culture...this is a battle for Individual consciousness.  Breaking the hegelian dialectic which is a control mechanism...you only have 2 choices LEFT or RIGHT......obey.  Two choices...RED ...BLUE....obey.

If you have any kind of heart or political understanding you know that Hillary committed numerous crimes and defrauded America big time how can you even say that you like somebody who sold America up the river
You know what else you can do?  Go to Memphis.  No.  Really.  Go.  Go see how @MLK50 is presented, then go BE in the city.  BE in the city.  Walk around to Sun Records, live the area.  Know what is real.  See what "They" did.
“Ye”?  WTF, dude?
WHAT???
You made today's White House Press Briefing #LOL
How you feel bout August 12th 2017 Charlottesville?
I do NOT love Hillary..... for future reference. 
#FutureProvesPast

#Haiti does NOT love Hillary either....

#WWG1WGA
Mate to be honest, you're a wack job.
#killeryIsAMurderer!
If your friend is throwing women, children & poor people off a bridge, though, I hope you’d do your best to intervene. Being free of thought has to be more than about just thinking outside the mainstream. True freedom & clear consciousness comes from empathy and love.
Love one another...the greatest
Good tweet except for the last part.
I love the Central Park Five.
And I would preferably not have either one as the president. But I can understand. Trump is still whack af tho. But I can see where Ye is coming from
But do you love me?
@HillaryClinton for PRISON.
IF U LOVE YE LIKE THIS
If 50% of your friends are Trump supporters then you need new friends...
You literally just completely missed the point of the tweet. 
yikes...
@vic_desperado
You are so right!! Preach it Kanye! 
People in your life are rich, that makes sense. You also don't have to back the thing everyone hates just to be different
Hillary's mentor was a real KKK Grand Wizard but the mainstream Fake News media won't tell you that!
Ewww.  You love...Her?  Even after sending those bad Aids drugs out after she knew they were bad?  Even after keeping all that...Money?  After, Harlem?  Did you ever meet, like, @SpikeLee ??  Whatever Dude.  Sounds like somebody is stepping on one of your strings.
Nobody give a flying cows ass what you think.

Funny how you're getting blasted by intolerant libs for being tolerant of other views.
FAXX
Freedom of Speech should never be shaded.... Bravo!!
Brother..I don’t know what has gotten into you..but I like itI just hope i’s JESUSMay GOD BLESS youMay GOD BLESS TrumpAnd may GOD BLESS AmericaAGAIN
1
Sorry man, you lost me on this one. HRC is trash IMO, but you have the right to your opinion on her
Thanks Kanye West for speaking your mind about POTUS. HE has done a great job for America.
This is still a free country. Don't
be intimidated by the Media & 
ever1 else that hate POTUS for
no reason. He ain't perfect. None
of us r. Only God our Creator is.
I wonder of this is really Kanye or Kanye’s people tweeting this
Bro, you remember the whole "President Bush don't like black people" thing you Did? It might not be 100 % accurate, but we want that Kanye back.
How about supporting neither of them?
I agree with everything you said except about Hillary. She doesn't deserve our love let alone support. She's a supervillain brought to life and no different than the people who attack you for being a free thinker.
If you’re suggesting people who want you to disavow Trump are doing so bc they’re just sheeple engaging in groupthink, you’ve got them all wrong. Think of others besides yourself for once—think of those at risk bc of Trump’s policies. Yourself as a black man being one of them.
I bet you tell your wife she’s stupid and no man will ever want her.   You’ve verbally abused others, I can feel it in your tweet.  That only works on weak people honey
Stfu LOSER...
Hillary is a criminal..

Lemmings. Sea. Water deep. Bodies never found.
More like 40 - 60, on a good day.
why are you living in 2016....your 2 years too late with this tweet my dude
You can love all but when you become a politician it doesn’t matter because you cannot please everyone.Trump’s job isnt to love anyone its to protect this country and ALL of its http://people.You  dont legislate with emotions anymore than you should cast a vote on emotions.
Yes l9ving other humans, no mater their height, weight, colour of their skin, makes a life really free. Thing is, when u learn some of the most horrible things that person has done you learn to hate with a vengeance. You guys talk to @therealroseanne .
You're trying to hard. Just do you!
@kanyewest finally I understand you’re mentality, just had to work backwards lol. You’re mindset is similar to white people, very privileged and your empathy lacks depth. I would suggest using your wealth for more than just Kanye!
Not sure why these people thought they could intimidate you back into line. I guess they haven’t been following your career or life
You love her like Bill does 
More like Trump loves Melania. The only one who truly loved his wife was Obama.
I guest kanye west had to support donald trump, if for no other reason except to have some form of relevance. Because until today I had forgotten that he even exists.
Hmmm, well that's sweet of you because so few (even those close to her) love her..... Love is Trump who delivers for Ye...Peace after 65+ years in Korea-nukes will be gone, economy booming, ending big Govt corruption, more peeps working, taking care of our best and homeless First
Ending big government corruption?? You've got to f&*cking kidding. His entire sloppy crooked administration is either being endicted for crimes or have been caught red-handed spending OUR tax money on themselves like its some damn candy. #WakeUp #Blind
Source? Facts?
Here are some facts.
US unemployment rate stood at a 17-year low of 4.1% for the sixth consecutive month in March 2018, slightly above market expectations of 4%. The number of unemployed decreased by 121K to 6.59 million.
Black unemployment at historic low too.
Unemployment just MAGICALLY   dropped the day crooked lying lump came into office?? LMAO. It was going down for YEARS under @BarackObama. You got Alzheimers or what? 

Sources? Endless, take your pick and pull your head out of your butt. One example:

WACK
Ahh

Dude just because the majority are anti Trump doean t mean we are wrong. It might seem like the popular choice worldwide and that's because they don't want history to repeat itself. Just because all your friends are anti Trump doesn't mean you automatically have to be pro
I’ll take therapy, mister Scientologist
Basta Kanye
WTF Trump in Garage and you are about to be. Take your meds.
All hail Sambo West
"Ye being Ye is a fight for you to be you."

I don't know much about much, but this is literally the dumbest shit I've ever seen in my entire life. Your mom would literally be ashamed.
you being you is NOT a fight for people to be themselves- you’re squishing down others by supporting that pig. you’re telling people to remain afraid, remain silenced, remain downtrodden, remain one of those that are either banned from the country or slaughtered due to colour.
@Onamonalonton 50-50 ...interesting
Word
Then why are you explaining yourself? Youre pandering. If your other tweets say that you can think what you wanna think and see what you wanna say, why are you explaining?
This guy has a real chance here to do something good for the his people...but he won't take it. All of this will blow over in a week or two, and it will be back to business as usual. To everybody jumping on the Kanye train for the last 48 hours: Have fun. I'll watch from here. 
So the people in your life are essentially 50-50 racist ? Drop them.
Be free to be you. Be who you are at all times.. My philosophy why not be and speak who u r true freedom of speech

You hit the nail on the head! Couldn’t have said it any better.
Idk how too feel about this but I love you
Watch a Depolrable Meltdown...already Deplorable Melissa is TELLING YOU HOW TO THINK..."No you don't love Hillary"...and she is telling you some jacked up cracked up propaganda from Breitbart...watch out Kayne...they will hang on to you and use you...
Big trippin
Please look at WHAT happens after you added loving Hillary too!
That is the partisan hack trade we resist Mr. West
PLEASE wake UP it seems manic mode took hold, from one pole to another, Cheers!
Remember when beyonce didn't win? What did you do then?
Make sure trump puts you on the visitor list.

#TrumpColluded
Remember George Bush don't like Black ppl. Could u please tell me when Trump care about anybody but himself. Don't know we're this is coming from Kenya, but don't let anybody use u. Still Luv ya!

@chasewilson__
Nah you hold an L for this
Why
Gaze upon my fields if fucks to give about what you have to say.
The election happened in 2016. Americans are reacting to a president's actions in office, in real time. This is not a binary, either/or equation anymore.
