Thinking freely means supporting Trump if you want to and not supporting him if you don't want to.
I hate when liberals do that. They say "think freely", "look around and see things for how they are" so they can try and say you're living in a falsehood. They only mean think freely if you're thinking in their way. Very sad.
"Your words and actions have consequences" is their favorite line. Absolutely their favorite line. We know it has consequenes. That's why we support free thought & free speech. Silencing people for disagreeing with you has worse consequences than anything. A thoughtless society.
Never bow to the pressure. Also, why has John Legend thrown his whole career into this anti-Trump stuff? It's sad. I used to enjoy his music so much - "Ordinary People", "Who Do We Think We Are", "Green Light", "Tonight", "No Other Love" etc. Now all he does is bash Trump.
I'ma keep it real with you chief.... ain't nobody reading that shit. 
I did. Sorry that you have such an egotistical view of the value of your time. A real shame because it was a good read.
Lmao no it isn't he's probably paid to write all this crap lmao
They thing that makes it disingenuous is the fact that he attributed it to the left only in his comment. Which almost goes against the authenticity of his comment. In reality both parties and nearly all ways of thinking are like that
Still waiting for someone to name these policies that are “destroying” minorities. And I’m still waiting to hear what Obama was doing that helped every minority out so much. Seems like no one knows any details. Only vague answers that make them feel good about their views
How much time you got?
1) Terminating DACA 2) Reboot of the war on drugs and mandatory minimums, which disproportionately affects POC 3) Responses to Maria and Irma in Puerto Rico 4) Private school voucher system that will strip public schools of funding and reinforce  segregation 5) Arpaio Pardon
I wish we were closer. We could meet in person, have a discussion and I would absolutely blow up this list as being anything close to racist or detrimental to minorities.  you are focused on short term feel goods, not long term solutions.
tfw you have really really smart ideas but somehow a magical force prevents you from being able to articulate them unless you're in person
Well, your tweet sorta backs up the fact that we can’t solve big issues in240 characters.  But I am pretty intelligent.
Hobe, are you white?
Identity politics.  Let’s slot errrrybody in a hole.  I’m green, see my profile? 
like if kanye should deactivate
Like if carlos should deactivate
Lmaooo I don’t you but I love you
I would like to ask John Legend how exactly are Trump's policies hurting black people as he claimed in his text? Black unemployment is at it's lowest. I would like to know which one of Trump's policies would have a negative impact on black Americans.
I’m still trying to figure out the same. DACA was an unconstitutional failure and literally did nothing but create a paper trail for the undocumented people who registered. It was a game O played them. And now the Democrats continue to play them.
DACA was not a failure it helped 800,000 undocumented people get protection from deportation and provided them with social security numbers to work in the US and the opportunity to go to colleges and universities legally. They also contribute to the economy and pay taxes
Stealing jobs from my MEXICAN kids who were born here. Taking scholarships that my kids don't get. Getting more in tax refunds than they paid.
It's funny you use the word "stealing" jobs. Employers look at whose more qualified and fit for the job position. You can't physically steal something that's not theirs in the first plays. 
You do realize Trump earmarked DACA in the spending bill and the Democrats pulled it right? It’s insane how misguided ppl are in the age of data analytics.
Most Democrats denied the bill because it also included trump's wall funding using tax payers money. When we can use that money for much more better and useful things.
We spend 86.4 billion dollars annually on benefits for illegal immigrants.. it’s called an investment. Or maybe, democrats don’t want a Republican to be seen as someone helping out that community 
Sweet king Martin, sweet queen Coretta
Sweet brother Malcolm, sweet queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary, sweet father Joseph
Sweet Jesus, we made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, oh sweet baby Jesus
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
Free thought is not free of consequences.
Funny how it’s only one side of free thought that has consequences. 
Sorry to interrupt your pity-party, but are you not aware of Colin Kaepernick, the Dixie Chicks, and the numerous capitalist businesses that have been boycotted by Conservatives?
So why aren’t liberals making sure they didn’t flop?  i know one thing for certain i would never want fake liberal backing cause that’s all it truly will be is weak fake backing that doesn’t help me improve or grow as a business
*crickets*
It’s funny I’m not a republican but I’m getting really tired of the semantics and the fake liberal rhetoric that is you’re such a morally sound person all because you are one? Lol and also like i said if these ppl are treated so badly why aren’t they making sure they
"So why aren’t liberals making sure they didn’t flop?"

Um...am I supposed to draft Kaepernick or something? Plenty of liberals bought Dixie Chicks albums and turned out in support of boycotted companies.

In fact, many conservative boycotts backfire for this very reason.
John better than Kanye in human terms ..Kanye forgot where he came from and the struggles everyday people have to face in the USA
Because he supports free thought? LOL you’re lost. Where did he come from? Do you know him personally? #whatajoke
Free thought is great. With empathy AND context.
The line that Kanye put in that tweet about independent thought was just priceless. All the liberals are just scrambling for explanation but there is no where to hide.
#Independentthinking and #CriticalThinking are not the same thing. Toddlers are ALSO Independent thinkers but that doesn't make them capable of thinking through their actions beyond the impulse of the moment. @johnlegend's fear that #Kanye's words can harm is valid. #Thisisntart
Because Republicans believe in all lives matter.
And Legend was literally expressing his own free thinking to Kanye who then labelled restricting. Pfffft.
#johnlegend wasn't just expressing his viewpoint; he also did it PRIVATELY & with an awareness of the ego involved here. 
 Yet Kanye TWEETS a pic of it to further the controversy and seek more attention. He actually DOES make a good Trumper because his behavior is #deplorable
Like this comment if Kanye should deactivate again
Like if people should be able to express themselves without woke twitter crying



https://twitter.com/johnlegend/status/916336574966718469?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw …
What’s are trumps “policies” that target blacks in a bad way ask @johnlegend
How about raising section 8 housing rent by 30%? What about revving up the war on drugs and brining back mandatory minimums (historically racist policies against blacks). What about charter schools that will destroy already poor black schools?
Actually I read today Been Carson wants to raise it by *300%* :(
do you have a link to that? I'd like to read it.
Google it it’s everywhere
All I read was Trump raising rent on poor people (which every landlord does). This war on drugs thing that targets “black people”. I’m assuming a war on drugs targets people who indulge in drug usage/distribution. But okay lol
So cia is forcing people to use these drugs too.
ur cancelled sis
#ThursdayThoughts  
Tell John Legend .@johnlegend
We All Bleed The Same Color Red
#PatriotsHaveNoSkinColor #MAGA
Interested I don't think they referred to skin tone in the text...
You seem to think you are only the color of interest. After all....
Guess she’s racist too with THAT profile. Anyone who parades their skin color around AND expects special treatment because of their skin color IS inherently racist.
your @ is literally as close to parading being white as it gets and you’re upset over a one worded bio
Nothing in my @ says “white” ... it says “orange” ... amirite? Stop being so serious & Down trodden. Live happy. No one is oppressing anyone. America is free.
In America, a lot of people are still oppressing a lot of people, homegirl.
In America, a lot of people are oppressing THEMSELVES.
Do the internet a favor and deactivate good god
I like how everyone commends Ye for preaching free speech. Yet the second he is honest with some shit ya’ll get butthurt about it because you don’t share the same beliefs 
Like if Kanye is a fat republican
So what if he is! Don't buy into the lie! Think for yourself not how you're told to think!!
What if she is.
The consequence is that a conversation has started.  A conversation that people never wanted to see happen. Holding people accountable for their power.  Keep it up Kanye!
Why do you have to be such an entitled celebrity??? Why can't you be a normal down to earth person like John Legend?
@johnlegend using android #greenbubblesaretheworst
I'll translate.
Hahahahahahah
Help free Black Americans from the mental slavery of the Democratic party.
Lmao because Republicans are the party of inclusion
Other than John trying to school Kanye on his political stuff, this is called adulting. Move on, love your peeps for who they are, not for their political beliefs. People are more than a Political vessel.
Supporting Trump is not a political discussion about whether tariffs on automobile imported parts are a good for the economy.  Supporting Trump is supporting racism.  Racism insults the dignity of life for minorities and goes beyond the political.
He is not racist 
Posting one out of context picture to make a point? He was sued for denying housing to African Americans decades ago.  He attacked the Central Park Five for decades.  He called Obama a Kenyan before he ran for President.  Trump was and is a racist.
He attacked...in what way! For decades...pretty vague. Who wrote the report in denying access to housing- snopes? Lol. He has never been racist. Lots of things...racist - no. Try again
Trump spent $89,000 on full page newspaper ads seeking the death penalty for the Central Park Five.  They were acquitted based on DNA evidence.  Trump never apologized.  Instead, he maintains they are guilty.  Spending $90K to call for your death is an attack on you.
And this is racist how? Because of no apology? You know who else was acquitted? OJ. Hmmm am I racist because I said that?
The Central Five were indicted because of their race.  Read up on it.  And you know the name of the one African American that has been acquitted of a crime because it's so rare.  Give me the names of the hundreds upon thousands of black men that are in jail unjustly.
#QAnon is the best thriller James Bond movie ever made and is live, not played in theatres. Thank you @realDonaldTrump. Praying and watching with a bucket of popcorn.
Why you still using a phone that runs on 3G?
lmfao john with the plug




Which policy is harming Americans?  Especially those of color? Is it lower taxes for small businesses leading to the highest confidence of small business owners ever recorded? Is it the lowest unemployment in 40 years? Support for school choice? More manufacturing jobs?
I’m curious as to whether @johnlegend can name the policies that harm people of color... I’ll wait.
The greatest artist of our generation
You should meet Kim Jung-un.
Good call to go public on this one. "Consequences" sounds like a threat to me. Public documentation is very important...it's been aiding in the safety of the one I protect and myself. Sending you so much love and support from one survivor to another. #SayBraveThings #DragonEnergy
yep, that is a coded threat
#HiviteTactics are easy to spot once you know what to look for.
yeah.  Is is pronounced Hive-ites?  Like a bee hive?
So is @johnlegend not an iPhone user? I need answers @chrissyteigen
Google Pixel
@sadulla we're in JL gang 
This is also thinking freely thanks for showing us who you are so we can block you
/2 under President Obama.  Black unemployment was the highest under president Obama and even Obama said before leaving office, his one regret was that he didn't do more for the blacks in Chicago.  John Legend ought to get himself educated instead of ranting and spewing hate.
Out of there
This is better than reality tv
Greatest artist of our generation? LOL
Kanye don't let these people make you feel bad. I don't see why it's a problem that you think for yourself in political views. Good for you.
Let Kanye be Kanye! Don't ruin this for the rest of us who just want good music.
Words matter.  Kanye has an amazing way of using language. He is a thought influencer, not doubt.  #thingsthatmakeyousayhmmmmmmmm
The Virgin "Be careful with what you say" Versus the Chad "Haha  OK"

Based Kanye
@johnlegend Thanks for trying to politely intimidate Kanye and threaten him and his legacy. His legacy is undeniable. His music is genius. Democrats have 95% of Hollywood on their side. It's okay if there's artist whose thinking freely. Move on.
Fun fact the word "CRACKER" was not originally about whites, on slave plantains some Black slaves were tasked with keeping the rest of the slaves in line using whips hence called the cracker. looking at you @johnlegend
You should have asked his permission first! Rude!!
Says the guy who does it for a living..
Donald Trump is a white supremacist.
No he's not u can say it all u want it isn't going to make it true
He has said it enough that we know it is true.
This comes from his own mouth.
"I now want to bring forth a friend. He is deceptive in that his social style is of such, one can miss his seriousness and his commitment to success, which is beyond argument. When we opened this Wall Street project and we talked about it, he gave us space at 40 Wall Street,
which was to make a statement about our having a presence there. And beyond that, in terms of reaching out, and being inclusive, he’s done that too." - Jesse Jackson, 2008 Rainbow PUSH Coalition Event

The dogma lives loudly in you.
I guess John Legend didn’t get the memo that African American employment is at a record low thanks to our wonderful president!
Girl please.
Please what? Is true!Black Unemployment Under Obama: 16.8% 
Black Unemployment Under Trump: 6.9%
Lol you blocked me!! Guess truth hurts! 
Facts are facts!
When did "free thought" come to mean "embracing the lies of Colonizers"? #Irony
When Kanye decided the easiest way to become president was to get the ppl who always vote and control the government on his side duh
If that is his long game that man is more of a dreamer than I thought lol. I wish him the best of luck cuz he gone need every ounce of it
If you know Kanye you know he dreams this big. And he’s smart. He gonna win all those republican votes bc he supports their savior and they’ll vote for him to simply prove they’re not racist  it makes perfect sense to me idk why everyone else is so one track minded
Hopefully he can get the same Russian hackers Trump had to seal the win
I honestly believe more ppl voted for trump tho. A lot more racist and sexist ppl in this country than ppl like to believe. There just wasn’t enough ppl who were truly on her side. And our generation voted for a dead fucking gorilla. Kanye can not count on our votes regardless.
I feel like If Kanye West and Kim K can't afford a family plan with @verizon nationwide 4gLte then the rest of us are doomed
To bad JL is a freak with no balls  #IBOR #EagleOneToWanta
#PizzaGate #QAnon #Hivites #MAGA 
#TheyShouldBeHanging #HRCvideo #Pedovore  @cq2101
@realDonaldTrump
@POTUS

Actually, he was accused by the justice department when he was sued for his discriminatory housing practices,  dingbat.
For alleged violations.  From back in the 60's. Is that the only thing you got??
I remember seeing these two dudes and slapping they hands on 10/7/04 in Hartford CT - K Cole was right next to me too - they had the tour bus right outside a small club
Trump LOVES Black people but doesn’t pander! What is JL talking about that Trump policies have been bad for the Black Community?!? Lowest Black unemployment IN HISTORY!  STOP believing the lies that Trump is against u!
@kanyewest you only get 3G? Give @ATT a call and they’ll hook you up. #muchlove #verycool
Hi Adam, thank you for reaching out! We'd like to let you know we are for you. Please feel free to reach out to us if you have any question or concern. ^TobiO.
Lol @ATT
This fake is so fake, its not even funny.
love how you always stay true to yourself. You don't let Hollywood change YOUR thoughts!
@johnlegend you're so mis-led. trump came in & improved on whatever #obama  thinks he was doing...the low black unemployment numbers are not indicative of racism, the blacks, Latinos, and women all throughout the #trumpcabinet are not indicative of racism. please re-examine MAGA.
Which one of you doesn’t have an iPhone?
it's honestly comical how quickly all of these people can turn on kanye and call him mentally unstable for simply standing up for freedom of thought.

@kanyewest  all power to you Kanye. Preach it.
John Legend trying to get in @kanyewest head. Manipulation. "Stay on the plantation" mind set. WRONG!!! Not being a free thinker. His choice, however.
By the grammar, you can, easily, spot John’s texts from Kanye’s. The difference between the college drop-out and the one with an  education. Peace, John! Thanks for trying to “talk some sense into him.” @johnlegend
Such a passive aggressive manipulative approach used by JL. Thank you for being informed & coming from a place of love for all.Trump wants prosperity & freedom for each of us; color blind. Nothing racist or hateful about that. No division we are all Americans.
Was never a fan @kanyewest but after this will reconsider #individuality #fearless
Thanks for showing us what a classy guy John is.
John Legend is a legend. @melinafrezza @CarinaMtl @PhilippeDesfor1
Your breaking down walls @kanyewest, stay strong. When you think for yourself, there's no wrong.
#Mentalsuppresionisdead #blackrepublicans  #Lovethyneighbor #coexistence #empathy
Johnnyboy just basically admitted that he adopted his liberal beliefs in order to help promote his [struggling] music. And, I thought THEY said it was YOU that was using Twitter to help promote new music. 
.@johnlegend
Dad can you listen to John please he's right
John legend the homie@Jack_Sparesus44
*Kanye
I’m just referring to the part at the end
Being on 3G means you’re in the sunken place
Dare to think different.
What policies are destroying minorities? The one that has the LOWEST African American unemployment rate ON RECORD???!!! GO TRUMP!
Me searching for this new John Legend single tho!
People can’t even trust you with their texts now....you’re reaching Kanye!!!
The couch Kim is making Kanye sleep on tonight
Why are you on 3G still?
Ah, trying to bring you to heel like good ol Bill and Hillary with their three strikes law.
exactly how I saw it. John needs to step down from his imaginary moral thrown.
Kanye come join the golden army of MAGA.
LOL 
#GreatAwakening #WWG1WGA #QAnon
Will someone explain what Trump has done wrong  to blacks? He wants to deport illegal aliens ..not blacks. He doesn't want the military spending money on  operations on people who MIGHT  want sex changes  .wants gangs and terrorist out of America .
He hasn’t done a anything wrong. Media and democrats have just made up lies about trump hating black people. It’s all a lie.
Very dangerous move to listen to gossip ,rumors and fake news and not take it upon yourself to know the truth , it's what most people in the world calls communism  don't think just do as your told
@the_meganator_ Is it just me or does Kanye sound a lot like Cody in this instance? I think they may share a similar personality disorder. 
Nooooooooooooo not Cody
Bruh, Cody’s gone off the deep end lately. Wanted to get him to help with pyrotechnics for the Set Fire video, but I think we’d be better off doing it all ourselves at this point lmao.
Cody definitely lost his marbles and thinks everyone is out to get him if they don’t agree with him like Kanye. BUT Kanye done broke his own brain far beyond Cody 
Why u have 3G?
I am glad you don't cave into fear you gained a new fan.
You should ask @johnlegend why minorities have a better life under the @realDonaldTrump Administration than they have had under any other Administration? The numbers speak for themselves. @johnlegend has been brainwashed, Hollywood style.
screencapping and sharing what was a personal text like this is the biggest bitchmade move on earth, this dude is such a shitbird. lol though at "trying to control my thoughts" holy fuck he's gone
Maybe he was trying to appeal to your love for your fans who are negatively affected by Trump's disdain for them, not to your fear that people won't continue to like you. Think about that. Think about others like you say you do. Just watch videos of Trump speaking; he's trash.
John Legend doesn’t want you to “think freely”. He wants you to tow the line of the party of slavery and oppression.
THE BLACK LIBERATION REVOLUTION BEGINS WITH 7 WORDS:
“I love the way Candace Owens Thinks!”
You are a lowlife SOS for posting a private message from a friend trying to help your dumb, self hating, self sabotaging, sinking ass. You truly are mentally ill. #KanyeDoesntCareBoutBlackPeople and you are dead to me now.
Such a betrayal of that friendship, and calling him manipulative with his arrogant ass. I just can't!
#KanyeWestDoesntCareBoutBlackPeople #KayneIsDefinitelyMentallyIll
I love John Legend 
Keep doing you, Kanye! So proud that u r standing up 4 what’s right!  U r not choking down evil from Hollywood.  Oh John Legend....we know all about you. U trying 2 say trump is bad when your evil twisted ways r exposed. #MAGA #QAnon #PizzaGate
Thinking freely...as long as your empathy and context mirror his.  Stand your ground. Be happy. Be your authentic self.
Kanye is so weak for this.
@JDILAC putting his friends texts on blast is not cool
Why this foo got 3G lmaoo
Cause he’s a musical genius
I’m John 
Love you too bro x
can't wait for your single to drop 
Wait on it 
new music sunday?


Finally a celebrity with balls that isn’t afraid to voice his opinion for fear of being berated by liberals. @kanyewest @KimKardashian knew I liked y’all.
 we don't deserve you John Legend
It saddens me that instead of running to God you’re running from him because you’re mad at him for your mother’s death. You’re also mad at yourself. Those demons are eating you up. Be careful you’ll find yourself alone. You’re blessed your children need the teaching you got!
@coughsyrup666
Seen sis 
I praise him for this
but aint you manipulating the thoughts of your fans and friends with your free thoughts?... you want so much control that your losing control of who you really are..
.@kanyewest 

FUCK JOHN LEGEND
Lol , tell me how you really feel 
@pazz__w LMAOOOOOO
But why are the text green?? @Derrickcha @Ersalaaa
It's 2018 and Kanye is still on 3G
You should listen to John
John needs help. He has TDS.
You use to be the voice of your fans, now you have become the voice of the people who never liked you in the first place.
Hey Kanye, nice to hear your views and those from @RealCandaceO - v/refreshing. To hate Trump because he's white is racist. Agree that Obama/Emmanuel DID NOTHING for the innocent men, women AND children of Chicago. Trump IMMEDIATELY targeted drug dealers & MS-13 in NY-Thank God!
@johnlegend =>pls xplain what has @POTUS @realDonaldTrump to harm black ppl?  Less unemployment is harmful? Bringing jobs back to communities are harmful? Ur wife @chrissyteigen bashing @RealCandaceO I believe is more harmful!
Kanye is right. All the haters are using fear tactics to try and silence the man. Let him have his opinions, DAMN!
Be FREE #America, stop listening to the lies. #WakeUp #QAnon #GreatAwakening #PatriotsHaveNoSkinColor #StandUnited @POTUS
At least @johnlegend knows what’s up. Trying to help a friend out. What happened to this Kanye?
Your words have consequences? Sounds like a cheap movie threat.
But which one doesn’t have the iPhone 
#WWG1WGA ask yourself @johnlegend free yourself.
Okay John Legend is Daddy
How does Kanye have 3G
John is the goat
wow, very shady to post someones private text to you....where is the respect in that.... rather immature   ...When America was great for Trump , you were not alive , your grandparents were and it was not great for them. free thinkers DO THINK..

Never thought I’d say how much I respect your thoughts and your courage! I totally appreciate you standing up for diversity of thoughts and freedom of speech regardless of colour, background or race! Please continue to fight for free speech and diversity of thoughts!
Even @kanyewest gets 3G in Calabasas.
Why TF Kanye only got 3g 
@johnlegend johnlegendis trying to do exactly what democrats try and do. 
Silence the opposing view that they know will contradict their ideas.

His tweets have no consequences,  except for getting the truth out which democrats do not want
I’m only here for John Legends message
Y'all assume too much, JL never said black, he said people of color.
Hock out here asking the tough questions
Coming from a guy thats getting ripped off his cellphone plan....this kid had a 3g signal!!!  

@kanyewest Have a tea, get some sleep and reaaaally think about this horrendous move you about to do...Stand in your own ground by making America a better place than what it is now
You on 3G
Legend is clueless.  Kenya is actually on to something. I'm impressed.
@TheMahoney
So much respect 
Nvm it popped up 
They can't handle you my man...you are the A-10 of free thinkers and you can't be shot down.....literally A-10s can't be shot down.
Can you just turn your iMessage on
John Legend, I love your music, but you need to stop sequestering yourself in whatever delusional universe you occupy. WHAT POLICIES OF POTUS ARE HARMING PEOPLE OF COLOR?! You must be referring to lowest black unemployment in US history?!
You’re a waste of space, talent and success. How are you this selfish and ignorant. Stick to the “arts”
Manipulation? That is pretty paranoid. People tend to project onto others what they themselves are guilty of so you should check yourself. @johnlegend speaks the truth in love to his friend. A word to the wise is sufficient.
In my day we just called it Propaganda. It stared in the ghettos of Hungary and Poland. It may as well End in one. BTW, I still hold your dumbassery responsible for Taylor Swift THAT is your legacy.
Let ye do ye!
So according to what I am reading and inferring from John legends message. Because you broke ranks from the group think that means the white guys who run the music industry. As well as their lackey's will punish you. Thus proving that white liberals believe the control bp.
I knew this was the next step. WOW, so sad! More Americans are waking up. By the way you sound pretty clear minded to me.
My god stick to music please.....
your Kanye! Who is John Legend!? John your a puppet..keep doing what Hillary's mafia tells you to, pays you to, or brainwashes you to.
You can not oppose the agenda of our president as long as his or her agenda does not violate the rules of our democracy sadly our current president may take us to world war lll with his Inexplicable hate
Hell yes, no retreat Kanye
John Legend needs to ask POC exactly what it was Obama did for them. Lowest unemployment in decades. John needs to stop drinking the liberal blueberry Koolaid and look at what really happening in this country.  It's booming regardless of the dems trying to make us think it isn't.
I keep asking people what has Trump himself EVER said against black people and they can not give me ONE example! They are just hate filled media puppets! DT has done more for blacks in one year then Obama did in 8 years!
Wow, manipulation with a big fake  I LOVE YOU
Im really conflicted on how to feel about this
Kanye you didn’t even vote.
Who tf turns off iMessage
Free your mind and the rest will follow
Be colour blind, don't be so shallow.
Free your mind and the rest will follow
Be colour blind, don't be so shallow
Tell John to buzz off.
That is kind of funny
John sounds like a bully.
But are you guys still having dinner with @chrissyteigen and @KimKardashian?
@johnlegend 
@Young_Jibbles
My nigga Kanye, go listen to your old Album. College Dropout. You’re going against your own words in that album, hope god finds the good in you.
@johnlegend U Got An Android Bro?
John who?
Kanye is still mad that Obama called him a jackass.
Hope you don’t mind. I needed to use your wise words

The FBI conspired against MLK and minorities. 

https://www.archives.gov/files/research/jfk/releases/2018/docid-32989734.pdf … 
@kanyewest listen to him . He right .
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the 'Go Kanye .
This John is such a crybaby, wow. Super beta.
Was that a thinly veiled threat? Think freely, but realize how many you are hurting....how about realize how many you have broken from the chains! FREEDOM
Hey JL, your words and actions have consequences too. *Show some tolerance for those who think differently than you and stop being a bully
The mans right Kanye.  Where’s your empathy?
Bruh how long has it been since you and kim fucked? You actually have this much time on ur hands?
1. John Legend doesn’t have an iPhone? 
2. Practicing what he preaches even to a man that has made big hits alongside him #wokeye
Who knew the mid-90s luchadore JL is friends with Kanye AND releasing a new single?! I didn’t even know he sings!
Kanye you are really setting a trend and creating a movement in the black community! Hopefully more sheep will be awoken into free thinkers.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything - Malcolm X 
I love that @kanyewest is sticking to what he believes in regardless of the pressure from others!!! 
lol wow not suprised AT ALL pedo @johnlegend would try to privately go out of his way to in order to control someone else's thought / opinion / endorsement. The tolerant #Libtards ladies and gents!!!

#ReleaseTheTexts #NoRedactions #MAGA
How does John Legend not have an iPhone?
3G is still a thing?
GREAT response, Kanye! Much respect!! You may lose some fans on the left but you are gaining new fans, such as me, on the right. Bout to go jam Life of Pablo now 
Shady
Holier -than- thou John Legend tried to lecture Kanye.  Kanye used a few words and sent him packing. Bravo! 
Kanye don’t even have that LTE
You have an annoying friend, Kanye.
Why does your phone format screen look like that?
Which one of y’all don’t have an iPhone @kanyewest @johnlegend
It takes a strong person to have such a strong response!  Consider me a fan Kanye! #maga
Chief... why are you running on 3g? What phone company is disrespecting you like that
Damn Kanye only had 3G
are we going to ignore the fact that kanye is on 3g
