Shhuuu
69... lol
what are you doing about it put your money where your mouth is help the world heal the world you try living in poverty in 2018 its not good try stepping out side your little world and into too the shoes off the poor then you can say shit i did for freedom,love,the world no fear
I agree with you on This!
That's crazy cause those are my initials
nice

Great choice!
Hey, or just call it For the Win.
Sweet
FTW is for the win though...
Lift the World 
And I started to get a ftw tattoo 

I swear to GOD I did 
#ForTheWin
Unconditional Love is the Recipe which will usher in the Children of Peace-
Listen in as MarquesAnderson and  Jen Lemen talk about love, trust, technology and how A.I. might be a map we can hack back to our original blueprints.
Don't love the evil of the world or the  evil things in it.  the lusts of the eyes   the flesh and the pride of life pass away. Eternal souls eternal life or death lies ahead wether people believe it or not. We should love one another and ourselves.Find common ground,peace n love
We need to wake more people up I'm glad you're in a power position #itsanewworld LTW
Fixed that for you, Ye
#69theworld
Love @PyrocynicalTV
That’s my initials. Weird
If we fuck it tho, we can knock it up and it’ll have a change baby
NXTHING BUT LXVE FXR YOU YE  ...
I don’t get why ppl perma insert negative things on their body parts anyway...
That's deep
How can we love the world when MANKIND is destroying the most important thing we all need to survive... #WATERISLIFE
Let them win?
And the " L.D.T" ( Love Donald Trump? Is for when ???
Ye a flat earthier lol I’m not but I don’t believe in no globe either #freethinker
Amen!
The only way the world would change to love is if u taught Gods love in school, after school, all day. Parents too tired from slaving at work to do ANYTHING
If you switch the letters around from L.T.W to L.W.T it’s Louis Tomlinson and that’s the best
“Finesse the world” -@RetcH07BIX
When people think FTW means for the win, back in the day it meant "F*ck the world".
this should be your album title "L.T.W"

For the win?
http://www.lulu.com/shop/destiny-watson/all-aspects-of-life-destiny/paperback/product-15707927.html …
Who’s hand is that?
Might be some truth to that, Bro.

Sharpie
this arm looks infected; head to the nearest ER, don't pass go
ftw stood for, for the win
It’s both fam
That... that means "For The Win"
Look a few tweets before this and you'll understand
F the world, the government too....
Fortune cookie MAGA Kanye needs to go away please
Replaced "For the Win" with "Lost the Win"
love the win
Always thought FTW was FOR THE WIN.
It's both.
Lol, strike that, now we Love. We have now entered the new age of Aquarius! Now I'm double Pisces w/ moon in Aquarius so I'm a F The world L the world living paccasso it just depends what time it is& hour in time we are loving in... The Stars matter!
Gotta love that Kanye....
Could have been For The Win.
At least he kept the 69 tatt
You do 69s for love
Retarded tattoos
Don’t be rude to Kanye yo
Hi Ilora! Hahaha
69
That's "Lead The Way", dude. They crossed out "For The Win" and tattooed "Lead The Way" because they've matured in gaming over the years.
those tats look awful
I woke up screaming "Fuck the world!"
Lol @mikey2st
fuck that
anyone else noticed that 69 tattoo
Spread the love! To much hate out there, influence the movement!
If everyone learned to love one another ... there would be peace on Earth.
Keyword... "EVERYONE"
its hard enough not knowing where the holy spirit is going
making you crazy wondering am I Christ flowing or a little bit dazy
just keep the faith cause the faithful know
they understand and numbers will grow
walking as love brings shadows
but truth is a light that cant be darkened
no matter reflection no matter direction
people have facts and figures
emotional triggers but the heart of love just glows straight through it
I thought it was For The Win wtf
Your expansion is magnificent loving this here Ye
https://youtu.be/75hg0XFVByw  
. Bull shit
I thought FTW was "for the win" 
I thought it was For The Win
bitcoin gives us freedom
Prozac vibes
And the greatest of these is love.
from lol to love
Ftw means for the win though.
You.are.a.genius. Never let anybody deny it.
Feel the Love? #TheGreatAwakening
"love the win"?
FTW stands for For The Win... you're welcome
When i was growing up it was mainly used as f the world... Especially in my jr high/ highschool time period late 90s 2000s...i see it used for For The Win lil bit after online gaming culture really started to kick off

Omg @kanyewest is white! 
Come on, it means Lucifer Takes World, right? Or something like that, eh?

Not all of us are impressed with gravy trainers, m'kay?
Make that your album title
FTP shagger 
U need a new brain
Over 3000 abortions daily just in the US not to mention people cutting off their dicks to pretend they’re women...I’d say that puts the world in the pretty fkd up place category.
Whats it like being a 60 year old virgin?
when you take MDMA for the first time
This is spiritual growth! Love the world!
You are on fire my friend....keep it going. A true free thinker.
For an international #superstar, your #TWEETS are surprisingly #pathetic, @KanyeWest!
who’s hand is this kanye is black remember
Kanye influenced this change by his method of spreading love instead of hate. We only participating in E.L.E
who hand tho
Ftw means "for the win" not fuck the world smh..
Someone made a bad choice and later regreted it. Remind you of anyone?
Your mother
No regerts

Looks like he went to the same artist as GG Allin.
Respelling is necessary
It actually stands for Love Transexual Women 
You marry a Kardashian and then do anything for publicity. The public needs to wake up and turn both of you OFF.
Do you love fish sticks?
@Lukeyyy_M what’s wrong with my Xbox username?
since when did you change colors kanye
Why dose this have to be about such things. Can a man not come to new ideas without it being a racial issue? He talks about love while you espouse hate. Can you not see that your thoughts benefit no one, not even your self?
deez nuts lol
Looks like a fetus’ arm
growing up is so artsy
le monde peu jamais change sai on na change love
@nikkiberm
U better give some love to Taylor Swift as well.
no
When did @kanyewest come out of hibernation?
all the World wanted to hesr kanye say was I HATE TRUMP which i found confusing cux the world is preaching Love so Y will d World make Esceptions?
The question is: Why can't you write like a normal person.
guess because am  not normal 
I love this
And here I thought L.T.W. meant "Lift The World"
Liftwaffe
Next step, remove the satanic pentagram.
Learn To Write
As it is not that which we take from such, but what we give to. It's mathematical.
Either that’s an inked hand or a chicken’s bicep. I’m going with chicken.
He could have just said the FTW ment For The Win..
Forgive The World
F.orreal brother
DO you need this service???

The Original Source of Dragon Energy of which you speak @kanyewest is Camelot Castle do come and refill soon. The true knights, Freedom Fighters and Truth Seekers of this world are always welcome...Camelot is built on…

https://audiomack.com/artist/thelastboyz …
Yhooo you're gone wenaí ½í¸
L.T.W
No.
I thought ftw meant for the win?
Will you please go away? Thanks.
how you gon say this as a trump supporter jw like his vp wants to shock the gays

Sharpies are so versatile aren't they? And well done on that nice straight line.
I don’t think it’s sharpie, you can see blood pooled near the bottom of the left half of the W
Oh dear. I feel so foolish.
I love his touch of grey tattoo
Love it
@kanyewest white?
Creep
This gave me chills
Damn that is ugly. 
Read " Ecclesiastes " & understand " because sometimes a person who has toiled with wisdom & knowledge & skill must leave everything to be enjoyed by someone who did not toil for it. So even giving should come from the spirit, or it's vanity and that goes for even me to.

If you changed back to the sane you
Looking at the state of the others I’d be getting checked for Hep C 
Is this Tekashi's hand??
Yay everybody is not of the world or born to it. Love is within the spirit and the spirit is of love and it is all of God,but sometimes worldly things disconnect us from the spirit and we go in the way of the world because the spirit is weak were the flesh is strong.
You should try to do that too!! You are fucking the world! #KanyeWestIsOverParty
I’m pretty sure FTW means “For The Win” but yea
Nah the dude who changed this said his tattoo stood for fuck the world lol and if your post was sarcasm i apologize
Yea I’m just trollin
Word lmao my b
For all that is in the world--the lust&sensual craving of the flesh&the lust&longing of the eyes and the boastful pride of life [pretentious confidence in one’s resources or in the stability of earthly things]--these do not come from the Father, but are from the world
1John2;15
“Do not love the world [of sin that opposes God and His precepts], nor the things that are in the world. If anyone loves the world, the love of the Father is not in him.”
1 JOHN 2:15 AMP
“For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.”
JOHN 3:16 AMP
Love trumps hate. Trump is all about hate.. For the poor, the gay, the black and Hispanic people. Reconsider your position about him. Wake Up!
Kanye looks awfully white
Spending too much time with the Kardashians!
Touch of Grey like Grateful Dead, bruh?
Aww that is great!!
Love thy Neighbor
That's great @kanyewest . Have a chat with Donald about loving the world by staying in the Paris climate accord.  Drop some billions from the gun and bomb budget the world will love it. Otherwise your 'wokeness' is just a new age ego trip.
69.
@kanyewest let's see if you mean what you say. Will you say it back?  "Kanye I Love you as a person ".
Just gonna tweet any and everything now huh

You say love the world but you support the most hateful man
Sweet.  Ball point or felt tip?
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.  Things change. “Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.” “Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. “Grief does not change you”
I thought it was love the weed instead of free the weed 
Thanks for not cursing
exactly.
Lmao I saw
More love
i like your new tat kanye
@Felipe2egundo aww HELL NA !
Lol why do people love 69ing so much?
Cuz dey dont know about the, “How about we do 68, and I owe you 1”, play! 
Before ive seen this I was just thinkin bout how beautiful the world really is and this is coming from someone that really always thought ftw but now im catchin diff vibes ltw

I would have just told people it meant “for the win!”
1 John 2:15 Do not love the world or anything in the world. If anyone loves the world, love for the Father is not in them.For everything in the world--the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life--comes not from the Father but from the world
Could be "For the Win"
No act of kindness however small is ever wasted - Aesop
He really did it as promised!!
L.T.W.....Hope this doesn't include these two Swamp Creatures, Where are you at Mr West?  #HillaryRottenClinton #BathHouseBarry
@HomesChauncey somebody must be a fan of me already
Bet lmao just wait til my single
holy shit dudes rocking a stealie, totally makes sense why  Ye is on this love kick now.

Please view
"Jim, you leaked the memo because you were an anti-trumper who wanted to begin an intelligence investigation and you wanted to embarrass him by making it public." #OpeningStatement 

“Love the world”
LOVETHEWORLD
Thats more like it Kanye.
