You and your wife have a net worth of 300 million!! What have you done for Chicago?
More than obama ever did
so what did kanye do again?
They named their daughter Chicago duh  isn’t that enough for you???
Also from memory he donated to youth of Chicago a bit ago and donated 1000 pairs of shoes
Wow shoes ! Such a difference
It's is for the thousand kids with old worn down shoes with holes in them or the ones without shoes at all
Not interested in @johnlegend until he stops his normal every day rhetoric and propaganda that President Trump is racist. 

You being longtime friends with Donald Trump know that that is not true at all @kanyewest!! It’s part of the lie! 

Please set the record straight
Trump is racist, but I love u(Kanye Voice)

So u stroll the internet and find a bunch of troll meme’s to support your argument? I’m sure I can do the same and find more negative things trump has done or said; but I won’t... I have better things to do, like take advantage of national pretzel  day at Jamba Juice 
By “better things to do” you mean “leave this conversation because I came at you with facts and u have no proof to back up ur argument so it’s time to dip,” right?  Enjoy your pretzel 
U came to me with meme’s that people like u have created, that was merely mixed with little facts, and more opinion. He’s done, and said, a lot more damaging things, than things that were in ur terms, “great” but I love u (Kanye voice)
The memes are based on facts that directly refute your claims that @realDonaldTrump is a racist.  You are disputing the way in which I relayed the facts, but not the facts themselves.
You’re trolling right now, I can tell your smart or at least have some sense about u. U can’t sit here and tell me you’ve never heard Donald Trump not say anything racist, or done anything racist. You’ve been googling images I’m sure u skipped over those articles purposely lol..
LIKE IF KANYE > TUPAC
Idk man, they're both the great in their own ways.
Kanye greatest artist and most influential, but pac was definitely a better rapper
Kanye is more influential than Tupac? Idk I see a lot more rappers go for the tatted up thug sound than woke with sensible lyrics. Kanye has definitely influenced rap but i don’t think I’d say more than Tupac
as an artist?  What kanye has done for music as a whole could be compared to David Bowie.  Kanye changes the game entirely not just the rap game, but music as a whole with each album he drops.  Also Tupac didnt have a thug sound, his message wasnt to glorify being a thug.
Well nobody besides him knew exactly what his message was, so sure. Claiming that his songs weren’t glorifying being a thug is far fetched considering he has songs called “Thug mansion”, and the “THUG LIFE” tattoo across his stomach
Have you listened to Thug Mansion? lmfao are you kidding me?
BEYONCE >> Kanye
girl we been knew
Wow. We been knew. Great education.
Well your people keep underfunding schools so yeah she said what she said
My people?  What people would those be? 
Disabled veterans?
Cancer survivors?
Educated women?

Who exactly are “my people”?
Republicans but sure play victim
Oh I’m absolutely certain that you meant #Republicans. That’s incorrect BTW. I’m a Libertarian. I believe in independent thought. Too bad you don’t.
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
Fam I’m hurt

he forgot trumps giant belly and bad hair
And #AngryInch. 
Describing her hubby's dick!  Sorry it's so small but no need to tell us all about it!
I'm sure she is not married to trump I don't think that's melania..
?  U make no sense...
Jealously can get nasty in women.  These 2 greyhounds have a lot to be jelly about.
Don't quit ur day job chump
WE NEED ICARLY
Dude if I see one more fcknnn tweet about icarly 
As we sit and read Kanye and all our political problems and divide, there are people who desperately want and need iCarly. What are we truly fighting about when an entire nation deserves the best show to ever exist. #MakeiCarlyHappenForBrazil
John Legend blocked me a long time ago. He doesn’t like the free thinkers
I don't even remember what I did to get a john legend block. Legend has it that he cried when he saw my tweet.
I gave him stats on how Obama didn’t help us. 

His wife blocked me a few months later.
You want a cookie or somethin???
His wife need to block the camera.....damn she traveling down hill!
like if you not gone listen to that John Legend Single lol
But I mean you kind of doing what people are doing to Ye. It’s ironic, if you support Ye and his message you should keep an open mind. That’s literally what he’s teaching us
by saying im not gonna lisyen to that single
Well I kinda made the assumption it was out of spite for him going against Kanye. 
But maybe you really don’t like his music, idk.
lol nah i just dont like john's music lol
He's using you.
Why are democrats so mad because @kanyewest has his views? Stop jumping on him. He is an American like you and I. Be nice @MaxinePWaters
Have you heard a Kanye song?
Because I'm white I only listen to country music? That's very racist of you. Have a wonderful day and try again. Bye-bye 
That’s not what I asked, I asked if you’ve heard a KANYE song, not a rap song. Because if you’ve heard half of them you’d know the shit he’s saying right now doesn’t add up.

He will be the greatest Republican President since Nixon
Um...
why john legend go to dinner with marina abramovic
To advance his career by any means possible of course
I hate the clickbait headline of the vid, but a journalist asked her about that cooking thingy:
lying bitch. Her day is coming. The light will disinfect her.
Can anyone give me a brief rundown of why Marina Abramovic is getting attention for stuff other than her art?
Is this art to you? Or is it grooming?
Das ist alles aber keine Kunst. dass ist abartig!
Welcome to marina Abramovics world.
John Legend ain't got Dragon Energy. Weak.

Is it called "MOONCHILD?" 
#Haitian
#ChildTrafficking
@johnlegend
@chrissyteigen
#SexTrafficking
#ClintonGlobalInitiative
#FriendsOfBill
#HillaryClinton
#ClintonFoundation
#GreatAwakening
#QAnon
@POTUS
"Luna"
Knowing this, check out the Marching into Darkness lyrics.
That's some SICK & CRAZY stuff #JohnLegend #ChrissyTeigen
How's that American passport thing going? I no longer think it's a broken 'Travel Visa Machine.'
#NFLDraft
#DraftDay
#LilWayne
#QAnon
sounds awful
 #JohnLegend #MarchingIntoDarkness  #Qanon
I can't even listen to it all the way through. It'll just creep me out. because I know this is just the tip.
We need to bring this to light regardless how ugly and let JUSTICE be served.
We have no clue how close we were to this being forced upon us & our KIDS. 
#NeverAgain
John Legend is a superior artist. You could learn from him.
one sec, phone call.

"... yea? ok.. .. i'll be there... yep... .... .. bye."

ok sorry where were we?

oh yea.

THIS IS HARD

Online or on Plantation 
Epic burn. Dayum son.
It just came to me 
That dude is such a fraud.
I felt funny about that dude before he became political. He’s just validating what my gut was telling me.
There is all the creepy shit about him and his wife being pedos too.

To be fair, they could have just been joking, but it is still a creepy thing to repeatedly joke about.
Lowest black unemployment rate in history, lowest a Hispanic unemployment rate in history, women unemployment rate lowest in 18 years, 2M ppl OFF of food stamps & back and the labor force! Tax credits 4 investing $ in distressed areas, HBCU record $ increase & school choice
#MAGA
Again you guys keep given Trump credit for things that Trump doesn't deserve credit for those things were happening under Obama Trump has done nothing absolutely nothing.
Your new cover just launched I suggest u don't take on this fight

John Legend > Kanye West
John Legend sucks
Hahahahahahahah. I laughed so hard i almost peed!  
LOVE YOU man.  Soo happy that you are awake!!!!  And FREE!!!! ♡♡♡♡

Well the person in this meme you are using is not pro Trump 
Maybe he is and isnt saying.... never say never! #WOKE
People are so quick to be a part of mob mentality because of what they’ve seen on the news and how it benefits them. Everyone loves being the victim.
If you suffer from Depression and anxiety and been through some shit you might relate to this...
He capitalized off your tweet. 
Won’t be buying it. But you are a good friend!
NEW: Whistleblower says treasonous Cambridge Analytica used Russia anti-Hillary propaganda to suppress black and female votes.

Kanye loves Trump's racist/sexist vote suppression. PoC, women, and their allies don't. #FireAllRepublicans #Hillary2020 
Whistleblower: Bannon directed Cambridge Analytica to research voter suppression methods http://hill.cm/tm714qQ  
Muah ...
If you say so ... :) ... did you know only Democrats owned slaves and Republicans set blacks free? Well I'm Mexican so the racist card won't work here. We are #WOKE the days of #IntellectualSlavery are over. POTUS IS NOT RACIST. Blacks and Mexicans are better off with #Trump.
Did you know it's 2018 not 1865? Trump is a racist birther who attacks black athletes, praises Nazis, and tweets fake crime stats about blacks. Blacks remain #woke and will never join the #houseslaves in their PC coward mentality denial and enabling of Trump's white supremacy.
#PedoGate is about to be front and center. @johnlegend will need a good defense lawyer.

Excuse me @kanyewest , hello... @kanyewest .... seems you've dropped this . #MAGA #WOKE  @ALLVETSADVOCATE @POTUS @endtimepatriot #spillingthetruth https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989272340432240641 …

Your dead right bro you should be able to support whatever politician you want without without fucking John legend texting you telling you what to do
IM glad you like him, i dont support him because I know WHO HE WORSHIPS AT NIGHT... he and his wife appear pretty in sight, but are evil
John legend should keep his opinion to himself, then he may seek some music.  A political sycophant!
i think you meant kanye should keep his opinion to himself
John Legend like..
Bill Cosby is innocent?
No thank you!!!! I will wait for @kanyewest real music to come out. With real meanings about life!!!!
Deplorable’s DO NOT SUPPORT #JOHNLEGEND

HIS MUSIC SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!
Continue doing Kanye. Forget about Legend.
John is washed up. let’s not forget. no one buying his shit
John Legend diss track?
So you mock other black artists now?

I listen to his music but never will to yours. 
Why JZ so in love with Marina Abramovic?
Very good question! All that breast milk and sperm and shit... literally
This..."free thinking" BS, is all a strategy for attention, to promote new music...sneakers...
clothes...makeup....
Sell...sell...sell.

@johnlegend
Yes. They do it everytime
REAL FRIENDS
Does Chrissy give him his lyrics just like she feeds him his politics? 
So is your wife’s body count 
Who is John Legend? No room for people who promote hate.
He doesn't need your help bro, real song writer and humanitarian.
You're fucking up your own artist by mentioning him. John Legend doesn't deserve that. You are slapping the people who supported you all these years in the face. See if these Republicans by your shit and push it like these people in "mental prisons" did. Yeezy season is over.
You suck Kanye.
No Thanks..I Don't Do #PizzaGate Folks
Love you @johnlegend !! @kanyewest you are su**s 
Like if you like me
That’s a burn.
I don’t know who John Legend is.
NOT LISTENING
Ask John where all that Haiti money he helped HRC raise is. $35 million and people are still living in tents on the highway. $10 BILLION MISSING. Not good. Be careful of "friends"
Not to many #patriots care about john legend and his pizzagate wife.  The right has no room for hatred dividers which is what John legend stands for
worth 10000 words

it's not about black it's about the pow
@johnlegend is not very tolerant... of any other trump supporters... he mentioned trumps policies not being good for certain Americans, um so prosperity is bad? Come on... John’s part of the hate you speak about, just saying
You couldn’t pay me enough to even listen to John  Legend after his racist rants.
Kim should confiscate your phone...this is too  much.
Nigga WTF...
Hahahaha
Unfriend Oh John Legend  for good 
And Will Alway's keep Kanye West as Friend's  !! I don't BACK STAB MY Friends because of what they believe in !!
DON'T Back Down Kanye West Teach your children IT'S NOT OKAY TO BULLY PEOPLE  !!!
If nothing else, be kind. There is no greater accomplishment.
Damn the traffic in this section is crazy.
Why is that funny?
Lol  he ain't no "Legend"
John Roger Stephens aka @johnlegend lives by fear.  Johnny is a low conscious thinker.
I'll pass. What about you though? When is Dragon energy coming out?
Yeah...no.
John Legend right now:
No thanks i dont support beggers
Shut yooo asssss up

Who’s John Legend?
John Legend doesn't need you to promote.. He unfollowed you.
Who's John Legend!

Does he like Trump? if so, I will surely buy.
Wow. @johnlegend's tweets were eloquent and heartfelt. He cares. You are a dick.
Can you imagine reaching out to your friend privately and they just use to it further the attention seeking spiral their on?? Sad
Such a betrayal. John and Chrissy are great people.
And....
I was being snarky. Tongue in cheek whatever you want to call it. I don't listen to Kanyes music but I respect the stand he's taking. It takes courage to stand up to bullies be who you are.

#boycottjohnlegend  not buying or listening to his shitty ass music
#boycottjohnlegend  #MAGA
You ain’t shit Kanye  as a long time fan, I have lost what little respect I had left  for you! Drive slow Homie, remember that Kanye? He’s dead to us @johnlegend you didn’t lose a friend in Kanye, you never had one! God Bless
Take a history class in your spare time dude.
I'll pass.
Where it can stay. Not spending money on someone that won’t let others think for themselves or voice THEIR OWN OPINIONS BC it differs from his. @johnlegend #BYE

Your tweets look manic lol
It would be awesome if you could have a chat with John.. he appears to be in deep #QAnon
No thanks! I’ll wait for yours.
https://youtu.be/9VzpCmRtCL0  even @JColeNC said that obama did not bring change
Please tell me it’s “My Shoes” @johnlegend
JL going down!  #qanon #haiti #pedogate
No thanks! I’ll wait for the new #KanyeWest album!!

And I'll buy it even though I despise his politics because it's OK for people to disagree about things. See how that works Libs?
John Legend
No thank you
You’ve done nothing with your wealth and influence to help Chicago. I know you’re actually bankrupt, but politicizing crime and murder is a really low blow! Posting John Legend’s private text message was absurd.
Thanks, I'll pass...
Chrissy Teigans tweets a couple months ago have made it clear 
they are on team Anti-Human.
No thanks 
Are you tweeting up a storm because you're about to drop another shitty album?
John Legend is awesome
You seem hurt.
John ain't no Donald trump supporter man.
Epic!  Stick to your guns @kanyewest don't cave like the rest.  Speak freely.  There are NO sides.  Just all AMERICANS!  We don't have to agree on everything.  That's why the flag and anthem are so important.  It's the things we can all agree on and what unites us

 

#HireMeKanye
You could have included a link! People are lazy!
Not buying John Legend's music anymore 
Kanye's music all the way MAGA
like if kanye should deactivate

Thing is, @kanyewest is loving back no matter what JL throws at him. Kanye is showing all of us, with all of our religious beliefs, how humans should interact. Honestly and with love. Never condescending. #MAGA
John Legend probably wishing you hadn’t endorsed his new single
@kanyewest as a Freddie Mercury fan and a classical composer. I absolutely dislike rap incl. Wests music BUT his recent tweets has made me a fan of him as a person. And now also a follower. Never in a million years would i have thought i would say this.
Afraid your new album is gonna suck, so you drum up the worst publicity possible...newsflash...it's gonna suck regardless man
.....
Swear I laughed like Eddie Murphy when I read the tweet
This is what the Dems want This is socialized medicine
STATE-MANDATED DEATH!

What a sad and infuriating story. We are witnessing is the government deciding who can live and who can die.

…
Anyone who thinks trump is a racist needs a reality check.. I’m sorry you are sheep.. dems are holding black people back. Look at the origin of PP and eugenics look at the welfare trap it is REAL- lowest black unemployment now ! start looking at the FACTS #REALIST
Who?
#MOONCHILD
People are just now starting to realize kanye is only for about himself and his own people? Literally noone else. He doesnt care if you unfollow him, he just cares about him 



T⃣o⃣ m⃣a⃣n⃣y⃣ h⃣a⃣t⃣e⃣r⃣s⃣ i⃣n⃣ t⃣h⃣i⃣s⃣ w⃣o⃣r⃣l⃣d⃣! K⃣e⃣e⃣p⃣ d⃣o⃣i⃣n⃣g⃣ y⃣o⃣u⃣ b⃣o⃣o⃣
Who cares. Lol. That dude THRIVES on racism and keeping people fighting.
Boycotting
Lol keep it up Kanye.
John, I am a Polynesian woman who serves our country in the Armed Forces and I support our @POTUS and agree to disagree with your “thoughts” against our POTUS. We send love not hate.

This is sarcasm no doubt lol 
Who cares
#DumpLegend
Haha
Thank you! I absolutely love & enjoy John Legends music. I don't listen to rap, but plan to purchase Drake's God Plan and John Legends CDs to support both.  Kanye misery is when we sit in darkness - walk towards the light (God). What would your mom say? Do that.

no sales for that garbage @johnlegend
Kanye you are so disappointing. Shame on you!!
You can write anything aslong as you put the right emoji after it @kanyewest
You are sad... So sad...
The story of OJ, I am not black I'm Kanye West
Dragon Fire!!!!
all this proves is what a MAN BABY Kanye is. In that regard, he and Trump are perfect for one another.

JL is a globalist shill. Ignore him.
NO THANKS
It'll also b his last single,don t think pedophiles get studio time in jail.. pedohollywood is over..
@johnlegend sucks! I buy yours but not his!
Another shitty single by John Stephens, aka @johnlegend
Hell no! Don’t want none

Won’t be buying it! Also just deleted all of @johnlegend music from my phone! Thanks! #muchlove #DragonEnergy
what's so funny
Your tweeting rights...
Ewww. Won’t EVER buy that satanists music again.
He picked an opportune time to wade into all of this didn’t he 
 I love this tweet more than Kanye loves Kanye!!
Lmfao will he accept help from maga? Uh oh John is torn
F U C K  J O H N  L E G E N D
U
C
K

J
O
H
N

L
E
G
E
N
D
John legends wife looks like Stewie Griffin.
LOVE YOU VERY MUCH @KanyeWest

YOU have a great heart
@johnlegend is a straight out racist. Race baiting is his specialty. All he does is race bait. Why don’t you give him some lessons on Love and unity @kanyewest
Don’t try to fuck it up John legend in his career too!
Kanye gonna have a "MiMi" episode & make believe invite Hov, Bey & Nikolai Telsa to a dinner party
Can’t stand JL. He’s blocked me. He’s an intolerant hypocritical Liberal. I don’t care for his music. I’ve actually always purchased yours. Will always support you! VERY excited for your new album - could be the biggest ever! #MAGA Deplorables always show up!
No thanks.
#PedoGate
We love him too—he’s just a little misguided but I respect his right to express his views
Kanye.   Please redpill JLegend.
Love his voice !!! Dislike his political views. #WeLoveOurPOTUS #MAGA #AmericaFirst #BuildTheWall #Winning #DrainTheSwamp 
@johnlegend
Brown v. Board established the principle that separate schools for black and white students are unconstitutional. Back in 1954. It's one of the most basic fairness guarantees in our society. But Trump's judicial nominees are unwilling to raise their hands in support of it. https://twitter.com/civilrightsorg/status/989242244011036672 …
you're a piece of garbage idk how much money or how cool you think you are.
Peace in our time
When will yours be up this week?
Damn. You’ve really triggered a bunch of self-professed tolerable people! They’re so progressive, they’re regressing! No Bueno! #MAGA #KAG #ProgressNotPerfection #LetTheManLive
I'm getting some negative vibes from that guy Kanye, he's bad influence. Stay vigilant.
Like if u sad
No thanks! 
My favorite part of this tweet is... 
nothing better than "all of me".
tweet out more music shit

as a gemini and artist myself, i would love to speak with you
JOHN LEGEND NEW SINGLE ON LINE NOW TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Lmao
Link
Send Trump nudes
Get this human waste off my timeline
 you’re still clinging on to that little giants moment of yours.
Looks like I need to be on Ruben's team. Eventually when I make it out there. Haha
Finally, you guys squeezed out a W haha.  There’s always room for that energy! @NotSoBigL
