like if kanye should deactivate
Says the one with an Ariana grande avi lol
Buy and stream no tears left to cry
No thx
you’re missing out
I’ve listened to it, nothing rlly special
you must of heard the wrong song
This it, right?
much love everyone.
to clarify I don’t agree with everything trump says or does but that doesn’t mean I can’t have the right to freedom of speech.

Kanye was just born again! GOAT. He will gain peoples respect for being honest
Lol
Dems use RACE to get votes, always have. they had to change their platform after '64 &now have a sea of useful idiots. i used to be 1 too
I’m not a Democrat, so your argument is what??!?
delete your account
delete yours
No one delete their account
#productivity
delete twitter again
Go away
Buy No Tears Left To Cry on ITunes

sellout
He’s losing support every second? How is he a sellout?? A black man openly supporting Trump is risky.
Kanye is exposing the "tolerance" and "hatred" of the liberal left!
Like if you think maybe deserves to get his black card revoked.
THANK GOD! Finally!
Perez c’mon today was epic!!!! You know this- you were along the ride for every tweet. Kanye is refreshing there is NO denying this.
I didn’t know it’s refreshing to openly endorse a racist white supremacist
He said white supremacists were good people. Should we ignore that fact?!
I call bullshit on Victor’s profile. Very likely not real

OMG I can’t believe noboby reacted to what he said here wtf 
Do a album with drake pls
Nah cudi>drake

Sponsored by xerox

You gotta red pill Lebron  #MAGA
#Kanye is about to suddenly come down with "health issues" again from too much #DragonEnergy?
We love you Ye.

We support you!!
no we don’t
Its actually concerning. Wow. No wonder you were hospitalized
They sure ain’t watching your ass Crazy
…I can see it now…the future honorable Senator from Illinois…
Bout time @kanyewest 
let me understand how being around white people are any different than black? judgemental much?
And what's Kanye gonna say when I release my nudes with him in it 
?
Get out.


No don't start something u can't finish The Left Can't Meme


no one asked
...It's Twitter. No one asks anybody to hear pointless shit about their life.
Lmk who wins.

thank god, go away
You tweet just like any normal person and everyone fucking just harassed you for freedom of thought. Unbelievable. Backwards and scary. Stay real ye
Word
To all radio stations: STOP to play slimy Kanye songs!
Trash
I'll be cheering my Pacers & Celtics. Enjoy!
take a break...that was close... you nearly broke the Twitter space-time continuum with that honest fire.
Thank you Kanye. Here’s to your wisdom becoming trending
Nah fam... this bandwagon’s full. .@khloekardashian said no more ho’s allowed around the team. #sorry.
Unfollow this clown.

Much respect Kanye 

Virginia Tech 4 Life
This day shall henceforth be remembered as the day @kanyewest depressed a lot of people... and did some weird bragging about shoes. He was a musician at some point, right? The celebrity has finally completely overtaken the talent. Inevitable, I reckon. Pity.
Well, he does have two albums dropping very soon, so let’s not jump the gun, Tom.
So much mad.
Eminem isnt a TRUMP supporter. Lets see who wins.
May the best man WIN.
You have reversed my opinion of you , thank you for being open to a different view
https://twitter.com/afrogumofficiai/status/989379278042226688?s=21 …
#MAGA #WednesdayWisdom #KAG2020 #KAG #1A #Trump #TrumpTrain #QAnon #kanye #CandaceOwens #2A

This MF is not taking his meds SMFDH....
You know what's REALLY annoying? Kanye West will be used by every racist within a 2 million mile radius to justify their bigotry because "it's just free thinking."
This is what happens when famous people with a platform use it to cause all kinds of harm to vulnerable groups.
Kayne, please retweet this! And ill send you some DNR Cryptocurrecy at its finest $DNR @denariuscoin #TRIFORCE
https://www.cryptopia.co.nz/Exchange/?market=DNR_BTC …
$crypto and leaving the foney fractional reserve banking system behind is one way to remove the shackles. I will kick in some $DNR to you as well Mr. West, for showing some serious balls today. 
I'm in too.  Help break the banking system that has a strangle hold on everyone in the world.  We need $crypto to allow people to be their own banks and instead of intentional inflation making your money worth less every day we can hold appreciating currency.
Marketing fail. Even Kim said no.
Hey Kanye can you give this a boost? Tryin to stand up for victims of dangerous dogs out here.
Donate to the "Pit Bull Truth" Billboard Campaign ASAP if you want to #BanPitBulls and support the #AntiPit media blitz against the deceptive Pit Bull Lobby. All of our efforts so far have been a massive success and it's time to kick things up a notch!
…
You obviously know nothing about pit bulls  bet you aren’t aware that more attacks happen from other dog breeds and all dog breeds than pit bulls. The only difference is that they don’t make mainstream media and the small little shits don’t do as much damage.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe More people get attacked by house cats than by tigers #UnBanPetTigers
Can it be the last tweet for life 
All aboard the trump train baby! #TrumpTrain #TrumpArmy



Just followed you, Kanye-- so that I could give you a proper *unfollow*

You must be so low inside to sell out to a traitorous, racist like Trump.

Enjoy.
-9 Mil followers (lost in one day?)

Damn, you finally made it big!

https://wokesloth.com/celebrities-and-artists-are-unfollowing-kanye-west/alexa/ …
My man,

Stay the course. I haven't heard this talk of racial equality in all of my life since the 80s's when we I believed we were getting somewhere.  The cojones on you, I respect.  Remember, my black brothers, we are Americans first.  Can't disregard the past, but in my daily
U JUST TURNED THE WHOLE CITY AGAINST U #INMUCHMORE
go Cavs
Now following @kanyewest Jesus walks with everybody - MAGA or not. #MAGA, #45
You just picked up a new follower man.  Me.
Take the lexapro!
All you new white fans, who love that he's shitting on his own now, should go listen to his song New Slave.
What a disappointment you’ve become.  Sincerely, someone who used to respect you. Smh.
At least he’s a Cavs fan #Cavsnation

Made all of America think a lot today, tomorrow  
Congratulations!
EVERYONE STAY WOKE, DONT LET THE LEFTIST SHEEP BRING YOU DOWN TO THEIR LEVEL. THINK FOR YOURSELF
#Qanon #greatawakening
Well done sir today. prayers for continued courage for you and your family. I stand corrected about all of you. God bless you.
Did you see what @KingJames did?
Did everyone see 9 million liberals stop following Kanye all of a sudden.. then he gained back 10 million conservative's.. WTF IS HAPPENING
Should we really care about his political opinions when he makes sandals like these? Obviously he’s not in the right frame of mind.

RECAP: KANYEWEST

 

…
There’s maiii dooood
Oh hell nah! We don’t need your bad juju. Go watch another team

RETWEET IF YOU You love @kanyewest too. Let's show everyone the power of MAGA!

@realDonaldTrump 

If DOESN'T fit KKKanye 2 a tee...!!!
Why don’t we all stop dividing ourselves, stop being sheeple and respect one another for having our own voice whether it’s agreed with or not!

BWAHAHAHA I almost pee’d my self!!  #RETWEEET if you think this is funny as hell and wins the internet?! @KimKardashian @realDonaldTrump #UncleTom #LockHimUp #LockThemAllUp #TheResistance #Resist #FuckTrump #ComeyTownHall #BlueTsunami #BlueWave2018 #Resign #Kanye #MAGA
Haha. It's funny because its actually racist yet the left's cognitive dissonance wont register it as such.

HA.
It’s just perfect for the racist pig in the White House. You know, the one who’s under FBI investigation, all the resignations, firings, current open multiple lawsuits. The one with many of his close surrogates with indictments, subpoenas, arrests and also open FBI investigations
Donald is not racist. You lose the argument.

I think @kanyewest has officially   Surpasses  @KimKardashian in breaking the Internet! Everyone let’s unite and let’s get America on the right track and don’t allow the Democrats to undermine us and divide us #MAGA2018
Thank god!!!!!

Delete your account. Get out.
https://twitter.com/RedTRaccoon/status/989233129901690881?s=19 …

It's a WHITE SUPREMACY SIGN. And you're POSTURING in complacency. Look it up before you tap dance your ASS to bed, tonight.
Kanye, do you know what this gesture means? 
I can’t wait for what you will post tmwr!
Keep speaking man...you are our inspiration

Watching the Cavs is disrespectful to Khloe
Yea, go to bed.
Standing on your principals in the face of opposition is the definition of character & courage.   Stay strong !
Anyone who loves Trump is a brother and a full blooded American and you are with us and a whole nation  we welcome your support in our battle.  #QAnon #MAGA #GreatAwakening #QArmy #stopracism
Take a picture of kanye with your flash on when y'all see him...
Well check this out at halftime
RIP KAYNE
#DEADTOUS
You really are #deadtous so sad and hurt by your defense of Donald trump. You have always been one of my idols.
@kanyewest ... I been a fan since college drop out , my favorite rapper/producer ever... always support people speaking their mind,(weather disagreed or agreed), you have been an advocate for that. Please keep going, don’t let hate left or right side ever keep you from being you.
You’ve weeded out your fake fans... hold your W 
You’re a dope artist with a great mind but I think you are politically misguided and I’m aware of what’s really going on!
In what world?
Don’t know you, don’t care for your #music, and now I have a good reason not follow you. #YouAreIrrelevant
If you divorce Kim Kardashian based on her lack of productivity for you in general or if you are aware that she is LOST and not ABLE to be found. Divorce her and marry someone that truly loves God first themselves 2nd and YOU 3rd. That would be the Christian thing to do. Amen?
This is why I love you!! hahahaha yeezus!!
I haven't seen you ever say one thing about Kaepernick. Nothing about the numerous black men killed by police. Nothing. What are you gonna put out in June? Raps about maga? This is sad dude. Really.



Drew
I AGREE !
Kanye west is the biggest piece of shit on earth. Quote me.
I’m now following you not because you love Trump, it’s because you refuse to back down from the mob! Good for you man!!!! 
DONALD TRUMP DOESNT LIKE BLACK PEOPLE ! 
If it wasn’t for Bitch ass puffy Pac and biggie woulda prolly still been alive
Just shut up Kanye.  Please.
time to dump The Demons nexxxxxxt dude
UNF
Who what's a kanye?
Please do @KimKardashian, your family, & the rest of us a favor - jump off that bridge, pull the trigger, step out in front of a bus, any or all would just be great for America & the world.
Go away

Was hoping they’d could get knocked out early in the 1st round....
Bye, Clarence. Make sure to take your meds, headcase.
Can’t wait to see what CHI will become with your input/involvement 
Kanye can you get on fortnite?
This needs Prozac
@cavs for the win
@rchandler96 what a day.
Nice try but this round still goes to Tristan Thompson... Maybe next time but good work... Keep churning out messed up shit like this... Love it.
If @kanyewest doesn’t die of a overdose, then he will surly end up having a full mental breakdown but the end of this year.. he is already at #tyrese level.. now he needs a @britneyspears style one. #kanyeshrug
I wish that though the wire guy was still in you.. but I guess I’ll replay drive slow homie instead.. Bring back the old Kayne
I was wrong about you. I like that you don't criticize other people who believed in President Trump. That is what America is all about freedom of thought freedom of choice. I'll be one of the nine million that will replace the non followers
27.8k followers. Kim it will be OK
Yesss cavs
lebron
Kanye spreading Love  across America
YOU DID GREATMay your family, friends, fans, and followers realize just how GREAT YOU ARE

You have done SO MUCH TODAY to unite #USA 

Glad you are an #American #Royalty #MAGA
Go ahead and feel free to deposit any funds necessary for a struggling college student 
Someone call child services
"Yo, we at war
We at war with terrorism, racism, but most of all we at war with ourselves
God show me the way because the Devil's tryin' to break me down
(Jesus Walks with me, with me, with me, with me, with me)" Old Kanye
Ha, mental illness my ass. Read the last headline. He’s been battling opioid addiction. I knew it.
Lmao
Orite shut up now buht
You're a joke
Kanye bought a lot of new followers. Damn
You really fucked up bruh

I’m so proud of you Kanye for standing up for Candace Owens. Now the Left is going to turn on you but stay the course and shine your light and keep on keeping on. You hit a nerve when you said black people don’t have to be democrats. They’re coming for you. I support you!
OP-EAA MUSIC COLLABORATION LABEL introduces Independent DIY Non Corporate Unsigned Underground LIVE Music MakerZ CreatorZ MoverZ n ShakerZ of the Music World Worldwide for TODAY & INTO the FUTURE 
opeaamusic@gmail.com
If they only knew the essence of who GOD is they would know there is no seperation but ALL Love for ALL including @realDonaldTrump @kanyewest
LeBron has been vilified by the far right media that you praise so highly. He's been told to shut up and stick to basketball, but hey as long as they praise you right?

i respect you.
Thank you! 
CENTRAL PARK 5
Gotta eliminate using the term god-brother/sister completely to be better
Wake up mr. West


Keep up the great work!
Gay fish
Someone get this boy a heavy dose of lithium STAT.
you have officially jumped the albino KKK shark. enjoy your reeches!
@hassankamil96
Yo yeezys let’s work makes some dope graphics
@kanyewest My poor child, you and @realDonaldTrump shamelessly repeat abominations of boasting and bearing false witness. Your true "brothers" and "sisters" are the children of Syria and Mexico who die from hunger and injuries as Donald Trump locks them away from a better life.
@halfsherry you

Check out my music Kanye!!! I’m the BIG PUN/ BIG L OF CHICAGO SoundCloud cvo bobby. 
I go by Bobby sagget
Yeezy!!!
Did @KimKardashian finally take your phone away?
Bright lights for Kanye's next concert.
Hey sir can you dm me I have a question
I knew @pufisgod is over, but I didn't know he was THIS over!
Hell of a day! 
thank God
@pufisgod
I'm proud of you. You stand by your personal beliefs and you defended them. Screw anyone that attacked you for that. Keep true to youself... and it doesn't hurt that I agree with you lol.
Be you Ye even if you now ppl will hate u for it #IMissTheOldKanye #yeezyyeezy
The twitter replies from the MAGA folk are fucking disgusting, great new fanbase you're building Ye
I don’t care what nobody says, ima always love your music and you. You’re entitled to your own opinion. You’re very misunderstood. Everybody just riding a wave, and not being their own individual, like you.  bless up Kanye.
Ya'll dumbasses really judging someone based on their political views 
#Kanye you aren't a silly little kid anymore. You should get the facts before you speak! Sleepy-eyed Ben Carson wants to triple the rent on poor people, isn't COOL!
Never buy another album, purchase a download or spend another penny on anything from Kanye. He can support who he wants. I can unsupport who I want.
Kanye is dead to me.
