Is that your closet?
total symmetry brother. Always, always, always works. love.
Check out any wes anderson film,,, or check out "the shining"... crazy symmetry.
Is that your closet
Looks like such a sad empty boring space
Looks like you are inspired by a clean jail house .
New closet for Kim? #savetheplanet #decadence
Kimmys shoe closet ? 
Why is your house so empty?
Clean lines. Bold. Roomy. Highlights displays. Who would not like to shop in this atmosphere?
What's on sale- air?
You know if you hit that box at the bottom of your screen with the arrow pointing up you can save the image and post the pic #hiremeforyeezy
Haha. Hit that box...
You need some Lucifer lightning in there.
I could put so many Art books in on this space!
Is this the Trump Presidential Library?
I will admit, your $60Mil house looks dope....although very empty and sad. Maybe buy some books about Mahatma Gandhi, read them, place them on those selves as a reminder.
How can I apply for a job?
Bookshelves with no books...it feels cold in their
Now that's my kind of Shoe Closet
Prison library?
RECORDS 
What facility is this a representation of?
An open mind. 
an artist impression of...
That makes sense. There is ample space for new information (book shelves). There are 3 choices for direction, and forward has an apparent "glass door". Left and right have no barriers that we can see, but they may be right around the corner. @maxkeiser is smarter than me! Thx
Okay, this is epic. I never felt I truly accomplished until I had a library for all my books. I’d have to buy some more books to fill yours. Lol. Really cool. My wife told me y’all been building for years- now I see!
Its not a library. Its their closet
That’s what I was thinking. 
There*
kanyewest private library?
Vapidity
Hire my company for POP. We got you!!
#bleak
Looks like normal room with mirrors to make it seem like a big room
That will be a sweet spot for    Merch
This a beautiful, yet also somewhat daunting, shot.
You can just retweet you know
Hell yeah
This a pic of your soul...asking for a friend
Where is this?! I want it to be my office building :)
You imagined this long ago, didn’t you
Looks like Stanley Kubric

Could you get Johnny Depp on your next music ???? X ok pweese
Not sure what I am looking at, looks like the library of Sheila Jackson Lee, empty shelves. 
@JacksonLeeTX18
art
Wow look at all the monolithic furniture
What is with these cold rooms?
These are empty shelves you will find at  uchumi and nakumat..
Do you not know how to save a picture bro 
I want this to be my closet.
LOL at everyone thinking this is a library when it is clearly about to be a shoe closet.
This is the construct program from the Mattix. Where r all the guns?
Meeting of the Minds
Sooo we r looking at 3D pics of a “factory house”!?
Empty
Closets closets closets which one should I pick
Let the imagination begin! #emptyspots
Please let me come take pictures in here.
I LOVE THIS!

Looks like a morgue
You can have big things. Expensive things. But those things can be empty, hard and cold. It means nothing.
This way I imagine dinning rooms in ministries in George Orwells 1984
New store boss???
Is that your Closet?
You really need to furnish your house.
Apple store
I guess you were "feeling" bookshelves without the books. A book takes a day to read, a day not dedicated to creating cash flow. So for you, what's the point?  is life.
His knowledge warehouse.
You could fit a ton of shoes in there lol

What a visually stunning photograph. Hope those shelves are filled with books soon.
Empty library
That’s a dope photo with tons of depth
Is this your new place? Are you getting divorced?
Soon enough she will drop him.
I’m thinking this was Kim’s 1/2 .... and she’s gone and he’s in trouble
He can't afford that 60 Million home without kim the bread wimner.
This type of lighting in a store tires my eyes so much it makes me sleepy causing disinterest in what's being advertised around me.
Store more like their closet for their clothes and shors and things..
Is that your closet
YES finally someone got it..
Buy a book, read it and put it on a shelf
if its around LA and you need a sales associate, happy to help
WTF!
Is this where the spirit cooking classes are done ?
Damn you’re such a sellout. Amazing.
I see the proliferation of shared screenshots as a sign of the erosion of the usability of mobile software. No one knows what to expect when they press that share icon. I suspect most aren’t aware it exists!

So people use the screen grab hack. It’s dirty, but predictable. #iOS

┏┓   In this house,
┃┃╱╲ we are still hoping
┃╱╱╲╲ for Taylor to bring
╱╱╭╮╲╲"reputation tour"…

Ready to host them Bitcoin miners? Sweet!
This was in a movie, i swear it. There was some digital time travel thing, a library, glass partitions...
House looks terribly lonely and sad.
Gateway to the future
Use your imagination.
Def a yeezy store!
Oh I thought it was his walk in wardrobe in his house 
I would love to fill those shelves with all my favorite books.


I’m sorry, but are we supposed to be impressed by the emptiness and blankness of your existence?
Kim told him yesterday not to post pics of their home and today he is going nuts posting pics of their home..
When white ppl are done with spreading the white power movement you will end up just like tiger woods and ok Simpson 
Love it. Piece of art work
Please @kanyewest hire @Jali_Cat to work for you Ye!!!
Empty space mean empty people if they ain’t got your thoughts then they out see ya:)
You claim Chicago needs fixed.. Pretty sure you could house 30 of them just in there...
You’re telling an intelligent black man that he has no right to free speech. That he has no right to free thought. You are treating him like he’s stupid. You are putting him in chains and taking away his rights. Now that people is racism.
Is this your house?
Now everybody knows you use Dropbox -- bad OPSEC dude.
Obamas library of achievements


Perspective
Wow

What the hell is this place that he is showing us?? Is this their house?!! 
Shoe closet?
Bookshelves with no books. What is he trying to say here? It's clearly not "I like to read".

“This is your brain on drugs”
A very Stable Marketing Genius
To the folks without seats at the table.  Yeah, it's still that time.  To the people without voices, yeah, it's still that time.  To the people without faces, Yeah, It's still that time.  @stacystock
Awesome photo!
Wtf you posting bro?
Do any of these pictures mean that you're happy??? I really don't think so...I think you miss the old Yeezy as much as we do. 
Love you @kanyewest
I think he’s sharing pictures of the new house
It's pretty of course...but things don't replace who you are in your core...or your friends...or the people who cared about you waaay before there ever was a Yeezy(Shoe). 
Thats what I meant by "Does that mean that you're happy".
Only leftist fools walk around expecting to be happy all the damn time. Grow up. And yes. I logged onto a never used acct just to say this.
Nobody is saying he should be happy all of the time...but no family around...no friends...& he is loosing all of his close confidants. Material things don't replace these.
Any close confidant that would drop him for liking Trump was never a real friend to begin with. No loss. None of us know who he has around at any given time.
This is more than a Trump thing... The Trump thing was just the straw that seems to breaking the camels back. 
I just hope its all just a stunt for publicizing his projects that will be dropping soon. I really don't even wanna take any of this serious.
People should have enough going on in their own lives to not get offended over someone elses choices that dont affect them. But yeah, hopefully he's well.
real cool YE
Kanye, you need some books!
Fill it up!
I am imagining Carrie Bradshaws shoe collection.
Congratulations! God is good!!
Bunker. Want to know what's behind the shelves. What do they store? And if you're feeling empty?
Why don’t you crop these fam
Yeezy's for all 
mmmm... I’m getting Nazi bunker vibes 
Same floor from the @yeezymafia Sesame pics? 
Saving actual pictures isn’t that hard dude
He’s in DropBox FFS... he can just post to Twitter from the share icon! It’s insane.
study hall?

Empty, just like Donald Trump's heart!
No skeletons in this closet:)
Are You Trying To Send Out An SOS To Let Us Know That You  Need To Be Saved From This #SunkenPlace  Retweet With The Pic Cropped & We Will Send Help ASAP

where’s all your clothes?
On the floor next to my bed.
bro the song with travis and uzi????????????????????!!!!!
Shoes yes


Maintain your positivity ignore the haters!!
I'd say armory but you don't need that many shelves.
All the books Kanye reads
official yeezy store???
I’ve received this
I hate the new Kanye , the always rude Kanye , spazzing the news Kanye. I miss the old Kanye
You need more Yeezys 
Hey @ReformedBroker, long Dropbox?
Inspired!!!
I know how @RealCandaceO felt!!!

It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
What the fuck is up Kanye?????
That's nice Kanye. I feel like a Black Dragon. Very inspiring.
Is this your studio for your clothing or a new store?
This might be part of the pin-up collection from Kanye’s previous tweet or images from a Yeezy office.
This some Kubrick shit !
Beautiful
What book are you currently reading? 
Me:
Make HIP HOP Great Again 
@Nas
An analogy of your bff @realDonaldTrump  brain?
Empty, just like your soul
Boohoo aha! What a flake u are.

You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS, some of 'em dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song "12 Questions"

Kanye knew.....

which one is the door to the batcave
Go to bed bro
Is he in LA? It's not even 9 pm there. What is he? Your grandpa?
Get back to your Glory Hole. You seem ready for another Slurpee.
Kanye needs to go back to writing music and away from social media for a bit
send addy im there 
Only in America sir!  Nice work mane!
Epic! Fill those shelves with books and artifacts. 
and shrunken heads!
Lol gross dude
ITS THE NEW YEEZY STORE
Fly me out ye!
Like if Kanye should leave Twitter
What's this
HOLY SHIT
Kanye you are preaching truth. God love you

U mean to text this to ur contractor?
Kanye I love you but you need to learn to crop
Agreed
?

OMG! @50cent is too gangsta for @kanyewest and this @SnoopDogg's comment 
@realDonaldTrump LMAO 
I like it
The padding hasn’t been installed yet. 
Man you always trippin?
sunken place
This room is dope!
