ye can I get a job with @konrad_zygier please on mamas
I will go to NY from Pennsylvania for an interview. I love fashion and style and I want to make use of myself doing something I love for a company and person that I love. I will fight hard to accomplish any goals or objectives witb Yeezy I promise
hire me.
I need a job.
Hook it up!
Where can I apply for a job? I'm a graphic designer not being used to my best potential.
Kanye!  Hire me! i am fluent in mandarin chinese and have work experience in china doing marketing and supply chain. I also lived in taiwan for 2 years




If only..
Nothing terrifies white liberals like a black conservative lol
Sugar, a black conservative anywhere outside the USA is fine. Here, it is just a case of having a “I wish I were white” complex.  Kanye Kek West fits that category to a T.
Kanye is too narcissistic to want to be anything other than Kanye.
Please give me a job?
You mean 158 to go cause you already hired me! Call me
I’ll be number 158 sir
I'll take a position. Thanks.

sign me up
I’m so down to be one....

I think you have this backwards dude
I sure don't.
Conservatives freed the slaves and Liberals took them back and made them not only slaves but made them their thralls also. But I wouldn’t expect a mindless drone to understand truth and logic.


Revisionist history. Liberal and conservative are the wrong terms. The Republican party has similar values as it has always had. Liberal and conservative are somewhat subjective. By the standards of the day, the Republicans were somewhat liberal. They supported emancipation.
Make it 158, hire me!
Let me know if you need an expert in InfoSec.  I am all aboard this train.
And less than 5% battery charge to go too. Eesh that’s Dangerously low. Gotta charge up that phone @kanyewest. Be the charge we can see! #AmpsnotCramps
I’ll take a job please
Watching racists retweet him all day has about killed me. I am out.
#KsazobalitVideo YouTube this video
@oldmanebro just got SONNED.
what happened
HE SOLD OUT #caps
Nope Nazis are Republican.
Sometimes villians are a little bit of both.
....you do know that Democrats and Republicans switched platforms right? lol do research before ranting.
Lol. That’s a lie liberals tell dumb people.
Yo I’m still lookin for an internship
Bruh same
Could be 157 employees
Shit you already have me sold
156*
Issa move @kanyewest
Do you agree with Kanye?
MEEEEE
Mr West 
158* me & ebro
Kayne please stop playing and hire the youth
Hire me. I need a job
DNC getting owned today:
Black people don’t have to be democrats.
LET KANYE BE KANYE
I can't enjoy your music anymore. Just like I won't watch Roseanne.
OK divider go get another facejob.  Let ye do Ye.
Will you give me a job plz mr west. Just graduated from University of Akron. Just a kid from Akron like ya boy lebron. Would love to be a part of greatness
This is you
where do I send my resume
This will add 100 years too your life
#PremiosMTVMiaw #MTVBRKPOPEXO 
@weareoneEXO
Hire me
I wanna work for Yeezy





ye, i've educated the youth to stay away from counterfeit sneakers and products as a whole to teach the values of working hard for what you want. if you need another employee, i would be humbled and honored.
@kanyewest @kanyewest @kanyewest text me 8153861591 i need a job please and i’m a artist i think you’ll love my material
how come @ehjovan gets more texts than you.....
CAN I PLEASE GET A JOB AT YEEZY???
Hire me dad
I don’t even know how to direct message you but let me get you’re ear and time and maybe I can be of service
If you shun co-workers, friends or family because of their political beliefs, you need some serious help...
That ain't no shun....Either you with me or against me...Its been going on for years
Hire me.
@oldmanebro @cthagod gross how easily you guys are bought out. @JoeBudden is our last hope.
People need jobs but only consistent excellence is an exquisite mindset.
Hire me 
Hire me please
158, with me being a CD and all.
RETWEET if you love Kanye!
shame
@kanyewest hire me #iwannaworkforyeezy
Hire me.
I’m not about to pitch a story .... i just need a job
@kanyewest Meeeeeee
Hire me 
Me bro 
Willing to relocate & learn & do whatever you need. I’ll be your servant. I just hope I can take away some knowledge to help others with it later. Much love Kanye. I’d love to work for you.
Bye Kanye

Ur worse at texting than me
No one is worse than u
HIRE ME!
Still trying to make Meezy happen, huh?
not meezy! I WANNA COLLAB, I WANNA HELP, I WANNA MAKE THE ART THAT THE FUTURE IS GONNA TALK ABOUT, all the creative minds WORKING TOGETHER!
I'm down for that. An artural experience focusing on the art behind the culture that make Ldn - Chicago - NYC and LA the places that they are. Gen x stylie
Hire me
Hire me, give me a shot
Charge your phone 
What for?!  You don't need to when you have Dragon Energy!
damn Ye charge ur phone dog


http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
That aint “cool”

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
Worst than cool

http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…

#Coolness 
http://CoolnessForever.com  

Coolness Everywhere…
I want to work for Yeezy!!
Lemme work on the marketing / social media team. I got this
Psh... I would love a job at yeezys 
158 if you hire mE
Right on
I can do graphic design pretty good hire me
Yooo! Yezzy! Don’t hire me but give me a chance to get hired! I’m a Computer Engineer and Prior military! I’ll even send you my resume and let you see my stats! That is if you even looking for any IT ppl. Regardless man keep killing it!
You need a banker?
Hey I need a job, you need employees. We can work something out
Sorry this is not about politics, but humanity.  #screwTrump #neverlikedyourmusic
Choose @NMK_Blackhawk !! He’s a visionary, he’s got the drive! Got his own brand too!
How to apply ?
I’m applying for job #158 where do I send my resume?

Kanye West aka Token
. Just need medical & dental insurance.
Kanye is a #puppet #BoycottKanye
Where can I send an application
U just said j cole was better than Kanye....
where does one apply tho
I am African would you fly me out and employee me 
hire me
Hire me @kanyewest I’ll be there full time
I'll take a IT job 
Put me down for a job with yezzy
I volunteer as tribute
Can I get a job a yeezy ! I got ideas . Nobodies have good ideas too.
You can hire me too! 
Can I work for u
Can I get a job ??
I’ll work for free
Where am I sendin' that resume ????
I’m ready
Need a Marketer Kanye?
Ye I need a job too 
Ebro is a clown.
Charge your phone bruh
158 to go cuz ill start work tomorrow
Pick me and you’ll have 158 to go
If you need a biologist hmu bro 

I deserve a job at yeezy for following yo ass


Are they going to be black?
You do know Dictator @realDonaldTrump IS racist! You attack Bush, but respect Trump .. the racist guy.
ARTIST DESIGN ETC @Slasheur anything.
I can start IMMEDIATELY. full time. no vacation.
Still love Kanye 
158 including me please!
I’ll take a job at Yeezy

Hire me bitch
Kanye is just showing another perspective to life, he said its a book about philosophy remember?
Where do I send my resume?
Help a fellow Chicagoan out bro, I’m just a new grad looking to make it out!  #YEEZY
Thirsty

How can I apply? 
 I’m in
Ok give me a job I already have 2 but I’ll take a third
What's this? A possible job opening... Oh, DULY NOTED.
I think I could be an asset
@kanyewest do you need a. Gramma from Walla Walla, Wa? 
how do I apply?
Hire me
How can I put a application in lol like seriously
Kanye i see u! Designer over here 
How many new free thinkers have you hired from younger generations? Time doesn't stop some people will be old af in 2024 ijs. New thoughts and ideas come from new people.
Y’all still hiring ?
Battery life on -10%
I need a job also make that 158
hire me.
scratch that! we’ll work together soon in the future. remember this tweet.
158 after I get hired?
Just applied. Would love the opportunity. #MAGA @wex1200
Hire me bro i’m ready to get after it
I will pay to work for you, Ye.


158

this is the thing of people thinking of selfish assholes cant even appreciate the hand that taught them men they are not worth any of the both sides demo or republic @kanyewest  is the only real thing in america for a time now hurt people hurt people
Obama started the trend. It’s stagnant now.
check my IG id love to talk
Where do we apply tho 
158 after me #yeezyszn
So are you looking for an accountant or what @kanyewest
Hey @kanyewest ?! 

You hiring?! 

Where can I send my resumes?!! 

#DREAMS 
Lol.... doesn't hurt to try huh sweetie
Pls Kanye

Hire me Ye I paid full retail for those Yeezy Powerphase Calabasas black. I got ideas bruh  let’s create innovate change the shoe game forever. Yeezy by Yeezy
Hire me I’m poor
KAYNE WEST IS THE MODERN DAY UNCLE TOM #BOYCOTT @kanyewest
Where do I send my resume
You Finna be working with Donald trump in his new Trump season clothing line
@kanyewest bro I got a brand in Philly for Yeezy VC to be a part of. Hit me up.
I need a job at Yeezy
I’d take a Job Yeezy
IVE DESIGNED A BUNCH OF "RE-IMAGINED" YEEZY SHOES I WOULD LOVE FOR YOU TO LOOK AT
hire me
can i be a helper? Im 6'8 240..lol
I’ll quit my job and come work for you right now. Just tell me when and where to apply.
Forreal bro I’m trying to speak this into existence!
Hire me, I'll wear Trump hats, pants and underwear if it helped my case
Im not one to ask for a handout but ya boy's country job ended so I don't got a job for this summer. I't would be a dream come true to work for for you and/or @elonmusk. I'd be more than honored to have one or both of you to learn from. Lemme know and I'll hit you with the resumé
Nobody cares what you think, black boy.
I NEED A MF JOB YE !
#litoforyeezus
WHERE DO I SIGN IN??
Where do I apply?
where can i apply
WILL WORK FOR FREE
Dang I’m tryna work at yeezy whaaaaassauuuupppp

#200Slimes Otw Prod. by #200Hendo @YHhendo  
I need that job. Here's a copy of my resume.
158 now I want to work at yeezy
Oh, I see what this is about, Kanye is in debt and went to trump for a bail out and trump told him only if he groveled for it.
Fully thought that was your name at the top @ElroRaps
Kanye, I'd wanna work at ur Wyoming Yeezy headquarters .. lemme fuck up a check from Yeezy 
158 with me yo dm me
I'm hiring 300 social media marketers too apply here @amazonthequeen

Hit me a job. Fuck my college degree!
Battery died . It’s been a long tweeting day
Give me a job at yeezy!!!
I’m your guy
Can I have a job pls Mr. Kanye Sir.
