I just hope you are genuinly trying to open up ppl's eyes and not take advantage of our trustworthiness.
Its very telling of our society/culture when there is so much backlash because a celebrity dares go against the hollywood norm of groupthink liberalism.
I hate to break it to you but conservatism is also a group think.  It's not exclusive to liberals.
Conservativitsm us the new counter culture my friend. 
The left has been taken over by the most radical forms of it where you are forced to think a certain way, & use a certain type of language that passes the politically correct test. It's Anything but liberal or free
You literally just repeated Paul Joseph Watsons talking point practically verbatim but go ahead tell me more about how you're a 'free thinker'
No friend, Paul Joseph & I are just making the same observation. Neo Liberalism is everything but liberal. Kanye has broken the conditioning of the hard left & will not be forced to conform.
You're wearing a MAGA hat & you have 'deplorable' in your handle yet you're accusing the left of groupthink?  *Eye rolls into another dimension* 
No friend, There is nothing wrong with Sharing the same  ideas with groups of people. The problem is when you dehumanize, intimidate, demonize & try to shut down those who disagree. That is the modern left.. they are NOT Liberal tolerant or open minded.
I love you @kanyewest it's hard to explain thoughts about how we truly feel about the world to some individuals.... Not everyone will get you. #freethinking 
Yeah just like we don’t get how he can say that slavery was a choice.
See, you didn’t listen. You can only “hear” through the hateful mind you want to cling to for dear life. I have no idea why but it is pervasive. What you tweeted is not at all what Kanye said. 
Yes it is what he said. He said the slaves should have just left.
No, that is not what he said. Listen to the entire TMZ Live appearance.
I heard what he said. It is not him. He's still stuck in the sunken place.
I respectfully could not disagree with your interpretation more. Agreeing to disagree rationally still opens a dialogue 

He just said a couple days ago he doesn’t even know what being a conservative means. Woke haha
Neither did I and I still consider myself Independent. It pretty much means, I just know I am not a rabid liberal.
It’s strange and a little scary to me that you actually feel the only “rabid” extremists are on the Left. Whatever lady.
Oh, there are extreme right idiots out there. They rarely crawl out of their holes and their called "nazi's." Or is it, "neo-nazi.." Doesn't matter, really, since I never said I felt extremists were only on the left. 

This is how things like this topic happen. No comprehension.
MAGA!
I'm confused WHY are you now seeming to support Kanye AND MAGA?? So disappointed
Because he's confused and has been for a while. They need to get him some help, seriously.
It’s called sarcasm.
Slavery was a choice? Man you have totally lost it. Go and visit the #AfricanAmericanMusuem read your history and stop trying to sell records  and shoes. I’m so embarrassed right now
He means it’s a choice now wether or not to leave it in the past or let it dictate your future.
Did you even listen to the interview because that's not what he meant at all
Surely did and it’s embarrassing...he’s going against everything he once believed and  said...
A lot of things I used to say and think has changed the last several years after self reflecting on data...personal experiences and looking at issues today.
Well for me #slaverywillneverbeachoice
Slavery of the mind is a choice. Just like happiness is a choice. We can play the victim or be true to ourself.

Lol fake!!!
Wow really? How could you tell?
You believe this?
you obviously are too dumb to realise i was joking
i meant that it was obvious that it was fake and that it was dumb of you to point it out.
No
Remember when kanye used to hate the paps
Kanye don't hate anything
So now you think you can just cross over into North Korea?
Mrs.Waters YOU ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM!!!!!!! What are you done for your community? Living in crystal house
Get the message out, the truth so many don’t see or hear.  #MAGA

You come on TMZ Live with Candace the joke Owens, to speak on your beliefs when we need people for us, not against us!!!!
Candace Owens speaks the truth!  Do you actually know why you vote for the liberal democratic mantra.  If the government takes money from those who have it to give to those who don’t, there will soon be no money left.  Go visit Cuba and Venezuela!!
Kanye is going down in flames
Support of Emma Gonzalez = RED FLAG
you don't seem to understand the concept of 'got love'
You don't seem to understand..
Give up your rights, there is no love
I think you need #MoreKanyeCowbell ... or a deep look into your soul ... Love is the basis of human 'rights', and should be the lens we use to define those rights ... and Love expands beyond our own family or tribe.
#LoveIsNotFear
Yeah well look how much freedom kumbaya has gotten you in Australia. Good luck with that as you let your women and children get raped because you have nothing but pussies left in Australia. Love is fighting for freedom and not listening to Nazi's like Emma
By the way.. I still have love for you @kanyewest

How many things do you want us to watch at once
Now YOU know how it feels, NATHAN
The man in the black hoodie deserves a standing ovation.
Sounds like the man in the white hoodie huh?
All you do is name drop. Never any depth or substance
watch his 1 hour 45 minute interview with charlamagne if you want depth, you just read the headlines and not the fine text
ily
You don't understand the plot to Get Out.
Maxine Waters thinks Kanye is getting uppity
No one cares what Maxine thinks.
Please take her out of CA
Go Van!!!!!
Van came to the front door for Kanye’s ass! 
This is incredible and a true testament to Kanye’s commmitment to love. If you know the history between Harvey and Donda’s surgeon and now Candace in the mix this is truly a full circle love fest. Peace 
Nothing involving TMZ has anything to do with love. Well, love for money and clicks maybe.
I know you love and cherish freedom of speech.

But apparently your anti gun

So let me explain without the 2nd amendment, you don't have your 1rst amendment
History shows with Mao's Children, and Hitler's youth rounded up all the guns before they made it a totalitarianism regime.

Look up "the brown shirts" and see if history isn't rhyming again right now with buzzcut emma.
With legislation, why would a government have to listen to an unarmed populous? Why would we be granted this freedom you love?
You may have the perspective with Chicago in mind, but did you know Chicago and Puerto Rico have the toughest gun laws in America; yet have the most gun crime/violence ? It shows these plans don't work ok clear examples. 1 in the Black community and one in the Hispanic.
Bad bot
I do periscope videos and YouTube so you liberal mush brains will need to come up with a better saying.
Yikes
“Slavery was a choice” Jesus fucking christ.
Love for who?
Your doing big things for minds stuck in the matrix brother!
lol
What's funny about it?
How can you honestly sit there and say slavery was a choice.
Are North Korean citizens who refuse to attack and remove Kim Jong Un from power not choosing to refrain from doing so?
Not at all, but what Kanye is saying that if North Korea is liberated and 3 generations later they are still living paralyzed by the sins of the past then they are in fact making a choice to do so.
I was just locked out from twitter for speaking true and commending you on your bravery.
Why would you let Kanye talk? Maxine told him to BE QUITE!
no  you are doing a big disservice to humanity
Woke 
Go Sixers
Tomorrow’s headline: “Kanye checks in to rehab”
Kanye help us to bring iCarly to Brazil!
Remember when you once said that the paparazzi are a bunch of "bloodsucking mosquitoes" and that they are just getting money from TMZ. Lol. Time has changed.
You’ve lost your mind. You’re officially gone
The “choice”, of Black America to remain as slaves ONLY applies to the last 100 years or so. Chattel Slavery 1555-1920, was NOT A “CHOICE”. 
In 1930,  w/the coming of God In Person, Master Fard Muhammad, we were instructed to: “Do For Self”.
Consequently, We remain slaves!
When you served as a “slave” singing and dancing for years, making others wealthy by the use of your skills/talent,  but you were never given the “information” needed to acquire an Economic Foundation for yourself, is the most transparent explanation of the last 100 years.
“Uncle” Kanye.
member the old kanye
The creators of South Park are conservative too, ya know.

Thank you Kanye for not backing down .... black conservatives support you.
White conservatives too! And, probably a lot of other colors/races/religions/nationalities. Thank you for standing up for your beliefs! it's very inspiring.
All races 
White MFers already exploiting you and your name to make themselves and Trump even richer.
Oh puh-lease
I brought receipts, so you can keep your opinions to yourself, "boss."
Get your own here: https://goo.gl/29CZ81   https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989227154993963009 …
On Twitter we’re all entitled to our opinions!  If you can’t take the heat then don’t be on here!
Seriously, keep being stupid in your responses to me, and I'll keep swatting down your uninformed opinions with facts.
#WhoTheyReallyAre Kanye fancies himself an ascended master if so... How can he embrace not unmask Trump who is unashamed in his greed based, vindictive, ideology of dealing with humanity..Can Satan repent NO Satan is WICKED not merely SINFUL.. Black folk are enfused with LOVE
#WhoTheyReallyAre Dear sincere brother and sister Candice "Dragon energy" according to the Bible is not born of The Light.. The source of pure LOVE... I agree Trump and the ideology the Republican party manifests is Dragon energy =Babylon You do know USA is Babylon the Great..?
#WhoTheyReallyAre Kanye does the spirit not tell you SLAVERY led to PUBLIC LYNCHING legalized as a PUBLIC SPECTACLE one so barbaric mankind had not seen its equal since ROMAN EMPIRE feed CHRISTIANS to  Lions as a PUBLIC SPECTACLE Nothing is subject to marginalizing about RACISM
Shush, Kayne.

Just shush.

That sign knocked the sense out of him.

he suck

What's up yo
I’m 60 years old, white, love Trump. Saw you live on TMZ and you blew my mind! I hope you get through to everyone of all colors! I was raised colorblind, I raised my kids colorblind, we love everyone! And they were bullied for it. MLK taught love, togetherness like you! Awesome!
We are born colorblind. When my daughter was 4 there was a white girl and a black girl walking as we drove past. I knew the black girl and said oh I know that black girl. She asked "which one they are both wearing black" i said the girl on the right. Kept it that way. #WeGotLove
Fuck TMZ
I'm sorry but did you all must the part where he said slavery was a choice?!?
Isn’t Harvey a republican too
Yes. And friends with Trump
But Harvey does not agree with trump
So he says
That’s what they all say so they won’t be seen as racists for being republican lol
“We got love” he says doing a spot with a hate filled right wing pundit.
Hypocrisy at it's best!

There is nothing hate filled about @RealCandaceO platform. Self love and determination is NOT hate.
If you gotta knock someone down to make yourself feel better.....You have a problem!
If you have to knock yourself down to feel better, you have a bigger problem. Actually try listening to her instead of judging.
Do urself a favor,and keep it moving.......
let more educated and qualified blacks spearhead. No disrespect but you are an entertainer. We've played enough fiddles on front yards.
Don't you think we have had enough of educated & qualified? It's time to change the status quo, not maintain it. Let's hear from everyone!
Harvey is a great voice in Hollywood. Always has given a voice to both sides. And stuck up when it wasnt a fair fight. Kanye. Honestly never been a fan... But I am a Fan now. .  Stand up for whats right and you will have more fans than your music ever could by itself.
Kanye working the paparazzi I thought you hate them more than the Nazis ?!!!
He hates haters
Kanye’s having a mental breakdown and of course TMZ wants to market off of that opportunity.
Lateral move from Fox and Friends
#UNITY
I recognized the betrayal but now understand WHY thanks to #QAnon

It's actually MUCH more worse than I knew…
Respect to Kanye and Candace for trying to heal such a broken world. Peace 
Yes!!!! I love everything @kanyewest and @RealCandaceO are saying right now!!!!! 
Catching the Kanye wave is a great experience into the present
This is gonna be so lit. 

I hope you all give him an intervention and put him in the hospital for a nervous breakdown.
If slavery was a choice, then I guess native Americans being forced on reservations was a choice also, huh? Maybe they should make the "choice" to rise up & reclaim this country & kick everyone (like you) out. That would be a good "choice".
Cutural Assimulation. Native Americans refused to blend in and learn the dominant culture. The same will happen with the Arabic and Mexican heritage today. Conform to the government or be dealt with. It's called manifest destiny. 🖑
The dominant culture (whitey) will become instinct, & as the song lyric goes, "Cherokee Nation will return".
#KanyeWest getting schooled at @TMZLive. @HarveyLevinTMZ
This wasn’t a choice!
Amen.
OK really @kanyewest , slaves made a choice to be enslaved for 400 years?  WOW,  Not sure I understand that, nor you understand what you just said. I'm in AWE
400 years?  More like thousands of years and still a problem today.
https://www.freetheslaves.net/shocking-statistics-encouraging-commitments-at-united-nations/?gclid=CjwKCAjwoKDXBRAAEiwA4xnqv-qdTL5dQb59U6eIGmblHU25YWjpLzrlYCRWA5onkEpcqj2pFpXlGBoCuusQAvD_BwE …
@WTPatty lol
Are you angry at yourself?
Why would I? I was on your team just displaying those you speak of how they act when having to face it but never mind
Sorry if I misunderstood but your gif wasnt too clear.
It's ok and I understand I apologize too for assuming you knew what it meant I should have been more specific
Glad we cleared that up. I think many problems in our society today get blown out of context BC no one will admit they didnt understand or apologize and it blows up.
Listen, I understand I was one of them I thought all the worst of what was fed to me to see I am still a work in progress tho and so I rather be around people not afraid to put me in my place when I'm slipping and not focused. I think I need that in this new founding reality
People shouldnt 'put you in your place'. No one should have that authority over you. Instead people should be able to have an open discussion with you or say 'WTH were you thinking LOL'
Dragon Energy
We got love for Kanye if no one else does freedom of speech is a strange phrase in today’s society where everyone is afraid of the outcome of speaking his or her mind.
Guess your ancestors CHOSE to be enslaved.
At first I thought ...here we go ... then I heard kindness and understanding NOT crazy ...just another way at looking at things 
..we don't have to agree ..but it doesn't hurt to listen ( your daughter's teacher is part of a bigger problem) #lovettorleaveit #allLove #MAGA
Kanye,I get what U R sayN. Both, U and Van are making solid points. I get U trying to overcome #Trump with #Love, but Love doesn't equate to "Dumbness" and many things Trump does and say are Dumb. U can Love and still call out his WRONGNESS! #FullStop!!! #TMZLive #MayDay #Kanye

@yogottikom @djkhaled @RickRoss 
Wow you're one fucked up person. You need some meds and a history book.
Nice
NEW @ElthaLyricist freestyle I’m convinced this is a HIT!! 
Get this GRAZY OFF THE AIR
Every revolutionary seems crazy at first
Unfortunately not this quasi revolutionary
That didn’t go so well, did it?
Sad thing is that I don't even think he realizes it.. he is so out of touch with reality.

Where does Kanye possibly get these crazy ideas from?

"Don't know your past, won't know your future"
It’s sad so many people don’t want to know the real history of the Democratic Plantation and how Lyndon Johnson duped millions into joining the party of division, murder, and hatred.



Rush Limbaugh is talking about you at the moment. Do not be scared Kanye, it’s a good thing Never thought I would ever be bothered by anything you rap or write about. I have become a fan since last week... MAGA-KANYE
I heard that segment. 
Amen...
Kanye: “That was the moment I wanted to use Bitcoin. When I saw Harriet Tubman on a $20 bill.  Why do you have to keep reminding us about slavery? Why don’t you put Michael Jordan on the $20 bill.”
Get the fuck away from Candace bruh smh
Candace is outstanding , beautiful , smart and right
Direct your way elsewhere sir .
Awe the group of folks that embrace ideas
"FREE HUGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
I'm not a victim. I'm white. Lol. But speaking of haters.... wow! You on the rag or what?
Beep boop beep cue the laughtrack
Yes we are laughing at your extra ass.....stop. Playing the victim....go after your real master the Democratics .....stop deflecting ....we see you for a fool.
https://twitter.com/LiviaLove/status/991541536935604224 …
You can smash your fingers into a keyboard all you want honey. No one's paying attention to you anyway. 
I miss the old Kanye
This guy can’t fucking believe he’s looking at Kanye right now .
Keep Charging Forward!
NO NO NO #FuckTMZ
Thanks for telling people to think for themselves. i hope they listen
Big Ups to #VanTMZ
You got ego and publicity stunts is what you got.
Awesome!!! #MAGA #TrumpKanye 
Respect Kanye! Ive been Privileged to Serve this Country w/the Bravest and most Courageous of Men and Women and what You're doing takes a certain kind of Courage too... I applaud Your Mature, Responsible, and Honest display of Our 1st Amendment Rights... w/out Insulting Others!
Wow, look at all your new Right Wing buddies. Here’s some fact: chattel slavery existed in the US from 1519-1867, just under 350 years. Add in the Jim Crow era, you get 400 years. That wasn’t a choice. It’s historical fate.
Didn't like Kanye until  today! It is about love and protecting  our loved ones and country. Also is their anyone alive that was legally a slave owner? NO! Is their anyone  alive that was legally a slave? NO! We should be passed all that by now. LOVE  LOVE  LOVE  PEOPLE!
I really miss the Old Kanye 

Lol pretty funny #MAGA #trump2020
I found out who Candace Owens was through you @kanyewest! Thanks man, she lightin' it up with free thinking skills!

#FreeThinking
This is terrible in every way.
cant have a black man leaving the democrat plantation now can we
No, I was referring to the people involved and the setting. But I will say you do seem very excited to possibly finally say you have a black friend. 

One day...
nigga I am black lmao
So you're counting yourself as a friend?

That's some sad shit.
Believe what you will. It’s evident, you’re in the midst of another psychotic breakdown. These conservatives, you now call friends, will use you until you are of no more value to them.
During primaries I did not know what to do I could’t stand the witch and I could not stand Trump especially being a Latina and watching all the fake news making him out to be a racist ex. I turned Republican b I schooled myself. Now I’m a total #MAGA and my dad calls me a racist.
I guess your Dad would know better than I. If you think following Trump is going to make your life better, good for you. Let us know, in a year or two.
Well yall know Harvey is Trump's brother too
We’re all brothers and sisters!  Americans too!  #AmericaFirst
@VanLathan I AM OR WAS A DIE HARD DAY 1 LOVER OF YE....BUT THIS PAST WEEK...YOU JUST SPOKE EVERYTHINGTHANK U...YE NEED TO SEE TRUTH FOR THE EVERYDAY PERSON...NOT MILLIONAIRES/BILLIONAIRES....THANK U VAN FOR SPEAKING UP
WTF DOES $$$ have to do with having an understanding about rhe struggle of inner city?? ...ignorant much?
If someone said this about me, I'd be really angry:
Maxine Waters reacts to Kanye's praise of Trump: He 'sometimes talks out of turn'

They gotta do a replay of you hitting your head on that sign lol shit still has me falling on my ass
I see a lot of people in this thread are hateing  that Ye will not subject himself to this victimhood mentality and monolithic thought... Shameful and pathetic you are, but not Ye.

Kanye is telling black people who are being abused in America and abroad by white people to do what every expert on abuse says not to do.  That is, to give or to show your abuser more love/affection.  It doesn't work and never has worked. It leads to more abuse and often, death.
I'll be watching you!
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects
~1 Corinthians 13:?~
As a publicist, I’m a little confused as to why a man of your talent and creativity would want to go on a show like TMZ. You must not have a publicist. Call me I’m available.
Loved your metaphors today 
you changed
Love? You just told America that the worst evil in U.S. History was a choice. That’s not love, that’s not free thought, that’s just wrong.
and now you think ALL black people are mad because you wore some silly cap? @kanyewest  - That sounds like something @realDonaldTrump said.  No one cares that you wear a red cap.  Just like a lot could care less about the #yeezyshoes.  OMG ! ! what are you saying?
Hmnnn
He has said , he likes not looking back he likes looking forward , he likes the lowest black unemployment in history and he has stated other policies and accomplishments he likes. Look at his tweets.
His tweets ... but in his interview, he was silent .
Maxine Waters has pissed off the wrong guy.
Kanye West is making America great again 
Just like #Katrina @kanyewest kanye don't care about #blackpeople, Damn shit is really going full circle.
Slavery was a choice hmmm 
Me:

#kanye True. 
Rappers used to love Trump. Now theyre too chicken to stand up and say so, even going as far as to speak against him to stay relevant and appeal to the mob.
#2facedcowards ...snoop

They were Hildamorts biiiotches.
Jumping when she called...jay z
I love you kanye keep doing you keep being yourself i don't care what these mf saying stay true to yourself im always gonna be a fan #kanyelifematters
June 1st gotta hurry
THANK U @VanLathan FOR SPEAKING TRUTH TO @kanyewest
This was off the charts amazing. Stop ostracizing & ridiculing this man & Ms. Owens. LISTEN. Take it in. Change comes from what most refer to as “crazy” or “delusional”. Your hate has not got you anywhere. I am blown away.

The way you said, "Slavery is a choice" was disgusting. When innocent people are oppressed & forced to endure extreme torture for centuries it's not some simple "Choice." What would've been your solution? Revolt?Mass suicide of African Men, Women, Children, Grandprents? Genocide?
Boy u def don’t have a Manager.
You know what’s also a choice? Not buying your damn album. Please nobody buy or listen to his record at all.  #boycottkanye


Ye, http://wegotlove.com  for Michelle Wolf. I respect #DragonEnergy, but the cosmos needs more of that #WolfEnergy!
You #trash #stfu
Candace Owens has it going on! Very smart lady!
You told TMZ that slavery was a choice. So freaking done.
I believe you are misinterpreting which slavery ge meant. We were free physically but still slaves mentally
Be quiet. He clearly said 400 years was a choice!
Yeah and then he clearly said afterwards "of the mind"
Omg of course you would make excuses. Slavery of the mind is not a choice read a book on the psychological damage inflicted on people. Unbelievable.
boom
Van Lathan from TMZ proved the point, he got really aggressive, not tolerating a different thought (slavery of the mind)  Van couldn't handle disagreeing so he went into angry aggressive mode.
Ummm, he wasn't angry at all  There's a big difference between being aggressive and expresssing your grievances in a classy way, and Van wasn't angry. He said what he said in a way that showed Kanye that what he's saying is wrong and upsetting
"I don't have strong political views"(proceeds to promote rightwing hacks who DO have strong political views)-Kanye West, confused political hack
Slavery wasn't a choice and African Americans migrated here by force. Free thinking is one thing, hell even your political stance but don't distort the truth. It's disrespectful to those both black & white who fought for us to be free thinkers all across the board.
Amen Amen Amen
Kanye is getting all this new love from #Maga supporters after saying slavery was a choice.  Now do you see why we think you and your leader are racists?

@sass_a_wass STOP LIKING HIS TWEETS they keep appearing in my precious feed
All love, all positivity
All I'm saying is, maybe a little out of context. And when Kanye realizes that he may have worded something incorrectly, he steps up to Van, apologizes and then BOOM video ends. Am I the only one that noticed Kanye standing there ACTUALLY listening to what Van had to say?
We got love. Stop tweeting.
we got love. Doing TMZ live with Harvey and Candace Owens TYPE BEAT
FOR THE CULTURE TYPE BEAT 
when they gonna stop sleeping on you

Kanye 1999 9/11 Averted
(Pg 2 of 2)
Part 1.
You and @RealCandaceO are a straight embarrassment.
