How exactly did you “update the conversation”?
You figure it out. Think freely.
The only thing I’ve seen so far from Kanye is about slaves having the choice to not be slaves. Not sure how that helps in today’s problems (or helps any problems at all) but ok
If you watched the interview, it wasn’t hard to figure out he was speaking about MENTAL slavery. Everyone attacking him, the “Crip Alert” put out on him, Rep Maxine Waters telling him to shut up only further proves his point.
I’m just speaking on his “400 years of slavery? Sounds like a choice” quote. That was a horrible comparison to bring up and it makes him look ignorant
Interesting because my ancestors were Spanish Minorcan slaves in Florida. You might want to read about them. My great x3 grandmother was 1st Hispanic in coast guard. My bloodline is documented. Play that victim pu$$y shit somewhere else.
Whose playing the victim card lmao
Not me because I'm chillin. I raised my kids by myself and I'm doing just fine. I'm blessed to be an American.
how to ruin your legacy in 1 week: kanye west edition.
He thinks he's just generating hype for his album & people will poopity scoop it up to see if it's full of crazy shit.
Exactly! Thank you!
They better torrent that shit.
When little black boys, women and our men stop being murdered in cold blood, abused and harassed by those sworn to protect us we can then change the conversation.
Do you ever stop to think how many lives of all races that are saved by the people you want to villainize?
help me understand which people I want to villainize I commented about Kanye an iconic artist who stated on national television that slavery was a choice as if our ancestors chose to be raped, tortured, degraded & hung from trees at the hands of evil wicked sadistic monsters.
You specifically said those who are sworn to protect so you were talking about law enforcement as if they are dragging the innocent of minorities off of the streets LEOs protect all races and are made up of all races.
I was not addressing the men and women who do their job I was addressing the one who are giving the badge a bad name by using their power to terrorize
Dear God, 

Please have a word with Kanye.

He really needs you right now!
Nah. He's too much.
Ahhhhhhhhhh 

That's a lot of democrats. Thank God republicans supported blacks 2nd amendment rights
Liberal Republicans, Conservative Democrats
It was a democrat who segregated the military  (Wilson) It was a democrat who put American citizens in internment camps  (FDR) It was democrats who pushed Jim Crow laws and enforcement.
Wilson was a Conservative Democrat, FDR was fiscally Liberal, Socially Conservative. I don’t know much about Jim Crow origins but that was before the Conservatives and Liberals flipped parties.
Yeah.... that didn't happen. And if you're referring to the southern strategy you're an idiot. The same old Democrats who objected to civil rights are still Democrats today. Nothing changed.
There’s video of evidence of republicans admitting to using the southern strategy. If the Republican Party is for minorities why is it that that’s the party racist ppl follow the most ?
If the Democrat party is for minorities why are all the worst low income, predominantly minority areas in the country places where Democrats have been in power for decades?
Race wars are created as a natural way of depopulation and to instill ignorance to futher blind us from reality., ~G.F.~
Race wars is a made up concept to scare white people. In the history of this country white men have been the predominant oppressor of blacks. Slavery. Lynching, destroying our property, creating laws against us, over policing and killing. We just want our promised equality.
I'm white, my family never owned any slaves, quit profiling me
What are you even talking about? Lmao
He’s talking about stop blaming every white person in America for the problems and tribulations of black people in this country. You don’t like to be put in the group and labeled, neither do we. Now let’s all treat each other with respect.
She Never Did That. Your Conscience Is Definitely Eating You Up About Something. She Said Blacks Want Our Promised Equality, She Never Accused You Of Black Problems, Although Systematic Racism Has Contributed To It. Don't Be In Denial Of That Is Basically All She Said.
Make no mistake, my conscience is perfectly fine.
where do you buy your sativa fam???
Umm because racism is still happening in the world we live in?
How about you stay quiet for about the rest of the day to pay respect to all the people who were lynched but they had a choice right!!!!
Stop the hate
There’s no hate. Think freely
f
we are though. Only we can change our future. I hope we can all collectively love and forgive and thrive in the future. I know it’s not the realistic response but it’s a hopeful one
Lol, I wouldn’t give them that much credit
Racial division is the foundation of this country! Stop acting like it just started!  We are barely out of segregation!
Yeah-the denial of racism and the goal of the right not to FIX the racial inequalities that exist. Truth is there are more who have opposing interests than common. Example-How can police brutality be a divisive issue? Gun control? Immigration in a nation of immigrants?
Absolutely agree. Time to shut the #MSM down. There will never be peace as long as people allow them to live in their heads.
The race baiters make their living over this division, they literally can't afford for there to be peace.
You're exactly right.
Go global, think black first, and then think the solutions that will end the suffering of a black man.
Thank you and Amen!   Let's talk about where we want to go, not where we've been.
We, as human beings, should give and get respect purely because we’re ALL humans. The amount of melanin in someone’s skin doesn’t make the person, it’s their character, behavior and mutual respect for each and everyone else, including themselves.
Speak for yourself.
Why can't we just be humans and not concentrate on our skin color?
I believe that’s what BP have always wanted.  The subject of color did not originate with BP.  The subject of color is the foundation of the country.  It has been perpetrated in all negative forms since the very beginning.
But we really are all just humans. If we are ever to reach a point as a society where there is no dividing line on color, we have to be able to reframe some of our conversations.
Stop shooting BP in the back viciously?  No problems.  Stop pulling over BP in Beverly Hills b/c it’s unimaginable to you for them to be there?  No problems.  Stop the negative stereotypes b/c not all BP are the same- no problems.
Tesha I want you to know that there are many of us that will Get up, Stand up, Standup for your rights every chance we can.
I know brother.  And I appreciate that.  God bless.
Right? The current way of doing things isn’t working for anyone so let’s start over. Reboot and find a different way of talking to each other.
Why stop at race? Let's reboot sexism ... homophobia ... etc. Let's reboot all the hate! Here we go ...
I’d love it. I think ppl are unforgiving and just want to keep the narrative in constant rewind.  Not saying there are no issues.. you’re always going to have a hater, but it’s not the majority so let’s let go of the anger here. Start fresh
What’s wrong with being angry? I’m one of the nicest people but if this is an attempt to make people make the tough topics easier for those who oppose the oppressed I say screw that. We start by acknowledging facts through education. Not letting everyone believe what they want
And THAT'S where the conflict comes in, sis. Because as soon as we start taking facts and history, the oppressor's kids wanna come to the conversation with false "facts", half truths, lies, deceptions, "get over it", "that was so long ago", "stop playing victim", etc.
No progress is made because they don't want progress unless they can dictate the terms. And when they can't, we get Trump as president.
Morgan Freeman said stop talking about it.
Someone’s feeling negative today...
whoops comment was aimed towards the millionaire didn't mean to reply to you too... unless you a millionaire too . I like feeling everything.  I am happy, sad , angry all the time. was that what you meant by feeling negative?
Race issues persist in the real world and getting worst you, idiot. If you want to do good shut the help up. Your so-called “help” is hindrance @kanyewest!!!!#KayneWestIsAFuckingMoron
Totalmente!!! Excelente comentario! Adelante, siempre adelante @kanyewest #MAGA
how 
what else we supposed to do, ignore it like you parents say when you in 1st grade?
Or perhaps you should follow Twain's advice "better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt." Your silence would be most http://welcome.You  are not advancing knowledge by speaking.
But what if someone said this to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.? It’s all on how you see it. If you have the time, you should watch the interview with charlamagne so that you get a whole uncut interview with Kanye.
Many people did say it to MLK, but, with all due respect, Kanye doesn't belong in the same sentence with that mental giant, few people do.If he had MLK's intellect or eloquence, he wouldn't have to back track and explain.
I highly recommend you watch his interview with charlamagne. We both should know that it’s TMZ’s job to stir up controversy and cutting parts of the visit and manipulating what Kanye said to make it seem like he meant something else when he didn’t is their attempt gain views.
Fair enough. In the interest of getting the full picture, I shall.
Actually just go watch the full TMZ interview
Heard it all he’s not wrong but not right either. Society still has laws in place to keep blacks down they promise they will do this and that then don’t. All while trying to silently kill us and silence us blacks aren’t what keeps change from happening.
What laws are in place that keep blacks down? The only laws keeping blacks down come from the Democratic Party. Food Stamps and Welfare for the poor are designed to keep them reliant on government, voting Democrat, and don't allow them to get ahead in life.
Here's the problem: progressives turn every issue into a race issue
Nope. Its a symptom. The problem is racism. If you dont think it exists your deluded.
All of this is deeper than U bruh but I’m thankful for U as U shed light on what America has been scared to discuss in the open
Yeah, let’s just totally ignore actually resolving the issues and pretend we all get along. You’re oversimplifying this. Simple minds, I guess.

If you haven’t heard Rari by @iamzer0official and @iamKingLos yet you have to it’s  http://smarturl.it/zwiv70  
Bless up
@kanyewest because that’s the systematic way of keeping people divided. A united people’s nation is a threat to the big guys running he show. Speak up Kanye! It’s time we all demand our True Freedom!!

..on getting the land.
@kwesingtonThe1  what about this? what should we update the convo to considering race is still an issue, but we should obvi stop fighting it right? lol
FIGHT is the key word here! 

When u fight, u hurt! When u hurt, u get angered, when u get angered, u loose all sense of composure and then everything turns into a huge war! When really we need to start talking and listening, be civil. Mandela was living proof of this.
Fight doesn’t means hurt fam. Fighting for rights didn’t mean hurting anyone. A protest is fighting. Come on son
Man U are like the new Tupac... carrying on his legacy. Man do I miss him
No!!!!
Please tell me how, I am actually sick of everyone fighting and hating on one another, I am willing to have a real convo with u. Please tell me why u don't feel that way.
The idea of race limitations is the new slavery
The huge propaganda machine MSM is spitting out race this race that, and the useful idiots just soak it in, thinking it's a fun thing to do.
Even the BBC is having a pop at Kanye West today,nobody blinked an eye when Bob Marley said it 40 years ago........
 Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery
None but ourselves can free our minds
There’s nothing to update, it’s the same issue that’s been going on for years and we still need to talk about this and fight! Pick up a history book  @chrislhayes
But you need to be more responsible and accountable with the way you speak. We understand that the power is in the numbers but you can’t be dismissive with the way people feel towards a certain historic event. Well, you can but we see how that turned out for you lmao

you are not a victim, you are a coward, you get people to oppose those with different ideas than your own, not by engaging in debate and providing the winning argument, but by injecting the mind virus of hatred into people, because you know you cant win with words
When we stop being mistreated for the color of our skin we'll change our conversation
There is no shame in asking for help, Kanye. Dear god. Get help or please be quiet. Seriously.
Dumb
But the gag is there are race issues. Should we just ignore them?
Kanye West is right. Any race of people that allow themselves to be slaves for 400 years without revolution does so by choice. Here's more perspective:
http://www.jimallentv.com/2018/05/kanye-west-is-right-400-years-of.html?m=1 …
Its called Identity Politics. It's the foundation of the Democratic Party. They gain a lot of points by race baiting. Its effective.
You need to stick to just updating your raps.  I am sure society would love to drop the subject of racism providing black Americans weren’t subjected to oppression on a daily basis since birth.  I hope Kim smacks the shit outta you for saying such asinine things. You are dim
Get off it. There are plenty of blacks out there who are highly successful (not talking entertainers) lawyers, doctors, CEOs of major international companies. Are they oppressed? You demean their accomplishments with your narrow mind. You hold yourself back with your attitude.
Yeah, there was this dude right after a natural disaster that got on live tv during a fundraiser and said the sitting president didn't care about black people.

What a joke, right woke Kanye?
I thought I muted his ass

Years ago I had a 1st generation Canadian of Dutch ancestry. He would have knocked your block off if you called him a hyphenated Canadian! Good man! Btw here’s a Canadian flag for your profile flag line we have a few patriots left too!
"Its NOT a Black thing
Its NOT a Brown thing
Its NOT a Red thing
Its NOT a Yellow thing
Its NOT a White thing
Its an AMERICAN THING!
Americans are not a Race
We are a Nationality"-Mr. Veritas
Update the reality in the USA before we want to update the conversation. Slavery is a choice for rich ppl who can choose to own slaves or choose not to. But it's not a choice for slaves. Work requirement in USA: poor able bodies must work, but rich able bodies don't have to work!
Race is like religion. Religion separates. Religion discriminates. And yes religion even hates. To exist in either can only lead to all things negative nothing positive.
How about you update your meds son
Why don't you go to Chicago and "update the conversation"
I dont think he cares about chicago
I dare him to go to Chicago and give his speech there
He'll be bleaching his skin soon
I really wish racism was something I could “move on” from but unfortunately for me society will not allow it. 

#SlaveryWasAChoice #kanyewest #KanyeWestIsOverParty
Strictly speaking we are PROGRAMMED to always oppose and reject views other than our own without opening our minds to new information! Things change! If you dont change with them you drop by the wayside and your point has no meaning, your argument no basis, LEARN, GROW & LOVE!
What you don't realize is that you are living at a level of privilege that is typically reserved for white women. You can share your "free thoughts" and the worst consequence you might face is critique.
For real. Think for yourself. People is mad you made your money through music your political views shouldn’t matter. If they would think for themselves they would be able to change the world too.
 “Be original, Be yourself” -Shadow
Not talking about something doesn't make it go away.
You’re not even a tenth as smart as you believe. “Earned?!” 
Who programmed you?
The function, the very serious function of racism is distraction. It keeps you from doing your work. It keeps you explaining, over and over again, your reason for being. Somebody says you have no language and you spend twenty years proving that you do...” Toni Morrison
Tell that to Trump, the man you "love".  He asked a crowd this week if there were any Hispanics there, crowd boo'd, then he said "good".
Interesting. Because free thought is actually the mantra of a Liberal mind not a Republican one. You seem confused.
We can't update conversations if people still believe slavery was a choice 
Again, what?! Unless the convo is about how we still treat minorities like crap we don’t need to update anything.
People with common sense will understand what you said, but snowflakes won't.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -MLK

Kayne west is officially white now and his privilege is out of hand
We’re not programmed, it’s a damn REALITY. Some people’s status just allows them to not have to feel how real that reality is, pendecker.
Had a blast last week in North Carolina! Next stop @LevityLive May 3-6th #funnymovestour2018
Exactly, I'm sick of it too bruh!
You are surrounded by a mass of right wing bots and trolls. This is how propaganda works. Go to the AA museum in DC. Pay attention to slave revolts you may have missed.
It wasn't like this just a few years ago. What the hell happened?
Obama, Soros #Progressive
They weren’t talking about it, here. (When 90% Blacks were conservative Rs)
What changed???
Why do people find it so difficult to comprehend simple things? Kanye is saying it’s time to change the conversation & think independently to rescue a lot of black People who are still mentally enslaved. We can’t keep using racism as a crutch as to why we aren’t moving forward.
He's able to say all this with his wealth and luxury. If it was so easy to overcome issues for the black community there wouldn't there be many more folks getting out of the hood to better themselves like the Rappers, athletes.
True but why isn’t  there more of us in college? We get paid to go to school here and are offered loans to further our education. A lot of countries do not do that. Everybody can’t be rappers & athletes.
Maybe there isnt a bigger support system than in other communities? Getting a loan isnt just enough. If there is pressure to go and get a living wage or help parents out..college is on the back burner.
I agree with this as Irish are the forgotten white slaves, Irish were the first sent to the Caribbean islands to become slaves and we never speak of it. America used to have signs saying no Irish, no dogs and no blacks. But you must forgive and move forward for the better
Yeah love, 300,000 were sent and they were the first there x
Glad I never followed him
Rip...
Kanye, there are those who simply disagree with you.

Pre 2016 no whites on the right cared about racial issues. Everyone thought everything was fine and dandy “we’re all equal” “the president is black” yada yada yada.

Only reason they give a shit now is because we’re fed up.
Is the goal to update the conversation or to appeal to the comfort zones of whites?
No, the goal is to get blacks to STOP BEING SLAVES TO THE PAST.  Here is TODAY'S reality. 
Black unemployment at record low 
Latino unemployment at record low 
First ever female black brigadier general appointed 
Millions of blacks have double child tax credit 
Black wages => up
I have an odd question. Why are blacks called “African Americans? I’m Irish born here... I’m not identified as “Irish” American.   If we were born here aren’t we just Americans?
@kanye IDK IF what we learn from our history should be why we should do everything according to how every problem a human individual has experienced from the knowlege from “history” i feel as if people are scared to death about trying different things and saying fuck the system
Idk if this is and express of free thought but what just comes to mind when i question things in todays world @kanyewest
Let's get to that Star Trek future where we are all just watching the universe float by together
The overwhelming condemnation of you as an uncritical and uninformed narcissistic know-nothing and fascist tool is a part of the conversation.
BEING A SLAVE WASNT A CHOICE, BUT THIS WAS
The issue no longer needs to be race but the hatred that the world is filled with now. The more we continue to talk about race the bigger the divide gets and the more hatred will thrive. We need to be one people.
Youve lost it fella
Naw bruh...you need to stop talking so much, listen more, & pick up a book once in a while
I couldnt agree more. Programmed to see color over morals & love. Choosing to stay on this topic has only pulled it out that much more. 

Lets shine the light on it, cause so much attention, & keep it alive. Simple logic. Why not choose love & let that be the topic of discussion?
The Democratic Party still wants everyone to think it's still the 1960s!!! They have no other, newer, relevant message!!! The rest of America wants to stop hyper focusing on race as what singularly defines people. We are more than this!!!
No Inez, they are not. Now do you want to go tit for tat
If so I'll start pulling pics of the rioters, thugs, racists, & criminal politicians who supported the previous admin?
And neither did Trump so back at you
Ps quit yer damn lies
Pro tip; not everyone YOU disagree with is a nazi. Open your mind and learn to think
Everyone bleeds red.  We're all connected, the clues are in our DNA which the evil ones are trying to alter.
Yeah
Hahaha you need to update your perception of reality cuh
Or how about you let the man exercise his freedom of speech 
Sure, you and him can go exercise your free speech into a trash can, because what’s coming out of his mouth is garbage :)
Me? lol I was just saying lol No need to be a mamon
You literally did not have to say anything, but I fucked up by not erasing your name so I could comment on the main thread 
Okay nigguh you done?
Been done, wbu 
But before you update remember to educate yourself before you do when it comes to race. I was called a nigga the other day by someone not of my race. This type of thinking is mad ignorant. If you’re gonna speak “freely” man make sense 
people feel the need to take sides of controversial issues to prevent being scrutinized for nothing taking one of the sides when there is believed to be one that is morally superior
So true preach it brother 
I see some feathers ruffled. I like it
We can update conversation when the issues are gone
slavery wasn't a choice but your mother's liposuction was. Blessed are bovine and porcine fools that get liposuction. How she doing these days? Yeah that was a choice.
i think someone should hide kanyes phone for a week pleassseee 
Nicely said.
As long as they keep us fighting each other, they know we will not unite to fight for freedom as one. Divided we will remain at the mercy of the elitists, united they will be at ours.
I know right! Content of character
If we disagree, we can still be civil.
If they want everyone to speak and believe one way try Cuba, China, or Venezuela, or North Korea. 
Wake up enjoy your freedom, many died to give it to you.
Your opinion counts, I don't have to agree with you.
1000000% facts on facts on facts    
What do you call a black man in France? French 

What do you call a black man in Germany? German.

What do you call a black man in Russia? Russian.

Stop the hyphens 

We are all Americans

Time we acted like it.
Not a problem, haters gonna hate because they don't like free thought, We don't have to agree, but thats what it's all about.
It's not programming if it is your reality. You're out of touch & I hate that kids are permitted to listen to you. You're mad dangerous #IfSlaveryWasAChoice isn't funny but you are a joke
And you've been programmed to paper over racism because it doesn't affect you as much anymore... until it does.

Its time for kanye to take a break...go sleep dude... Its enough now...hes just digging himself a deeper grave
Our people have PTSD from the constant reminders of slavery and our past in America. It's time to heal ourselves, to let our ancestors rest in peace, and to honor the struggles by letting go of THEIR past and working on OUR future as those before us intended.
Its because we live it. It’s hard to move away from the past to stare into the future when many things still linger from the past. Yes things are better but is it where it needs to be no.The next generation will make more progress but they should never forget where they came from
I think as black people... We spent so much time fighting racism.... We don't know who we are without it...
lmao I never thought I’d see the day that Abe would be fed up.
I'm speaking from a place of hurt and pain.
My condolences man 
Pray for me through these tough times.
Amen, emancipation,  Ideas, not insults. You have opened the floodgates. God bless.
I fuck with that the human race can be so stupid we all are human all of our organs are in the same location breathe same air if we come together the invention we can created is infinite
I love wht u're doing in the media Mr. West; it aches me 2 see the media demonize u. May God protect u & stay strong, u hv my support 
Mute.
And the president you support continues such propaganda
People should check out Larry Elder. Brilliant man.
#Kanye I think Trump's a 3rd-rate mobster, but otherwise you're on to something. Here's a song that might jibe with your thought process. Being a white man in America, I'm not really allowed to presume ...
Maybe we do have to talk about it a different way, but certainly not your way. Slavery was not a choose, it was NOT a job, opportunity , it was made because it supported the American (white) people, that still talk shit about your race, my race, & other races.
I have ignored you before. I am listening now. I hear you.
To what?

Well said. You are already ostracized, why not complete the process and reveal the real truth behind Hollyweird and the entertainment industry??
By the way your current mentality is a product of the past-
#AbolishHollyweird
We talk and fight about race issues because THERE ARE RACE ISSUES lol.
Rich coming from: Mr racism still alive they just be concealing it.
Don’t really know much about you until the TMZ interview. And that statement can ring true for ALL minority races ! We choose to stay down, uneducated , unproductive because we want a broken system to take care of us!We aren’t done complaining and crying about shit we can change
Hey Kanye...It's the left who keeps bringing up the race card........
I see someone has made the choice to not fight racism....sorta like choosing to be a slave I guess  #irony
Yes love you
please tell your people, the desire to be black ex-slaves forever is annoying
Yep! But you put your foot in your mouth when you said Slavery was a choice.
1860 census.  Most whites did not own slaves. But the media and Schools will never show the 1860 census. The Bulk of white people immigrated about 50 years after slavery ended.  393,975 slave owners 27.23M non slave owners. Slave owners were 1.4% of the non slave population.
True. No one is born racist. Children don’t see skin colour
I'm trying to figure out how, what you said, even makes sense, in any way other than the obvious. You might want to attempt to come a lot closer to what your expressing if you indeed feel that strongly about it? Yeah?
Rules of radicals. Hillary Clinton's Mentor, Saul Alinsky. One of his objectives to destroy America is to cause racial strife and believe me Hillary and Obama did. It took 8 years to get to this point and it's going to take 8 more to comment back down. Thanks #KanyeWest
Oh shut up!
we do need to update our conversation; should we also fix the program?
Ahh come on
SSSHHHH
New money can confuse people.U are living in a self made fantasy. In ur Ivory tower. U have ur dream. All white everything.
 But do not speak at we who live in the real world. Forgetting what was done 2us is not the answer. This is yet another mental disorder derived from slavery
There is difference between freedom of thought, and, 
Freedom from Thought.
If you do not want to think about something, its easy just don't.
"That's the way it is" is an excuse, we are better than that.  Love conquers all.
Tell that to that to the black men and women and all POC who are in their graves simply because of their race. We speak about this issue on behalf of those people! That is the least they deserve!
Racism is alive and well in America.
Insinuating that it is the fault of black American's mind set is insulting and misguided.
Speak your mind & don't stop.
Then how will we fix the prevalent racial issues occurring every. Single. Day. Discussion and compromise are key here. We cannot exclude it.
É tu quem precisa parar de falar merda
I’m just gonna unfollow ..... idiot
Keep up the good fight my brother.  And understand and know there are those of us who are picking up your flag and fighting beside you.  You have the name recognition and notoriety, but you are not alone.
I hope for you that you are clever enough to have said this intentionally to generate hype for a new record or something, otherwise you are embarrassingly moronic. #usedtobeafan
I’m sayin doe like..  no what I’m sayin
Can Ye West Can Ye Bet take Two In the Chest while my Jaw wired rests Can Ye Best Can Ye Next make you and the rest while yaw liars checked kanyeeeze Spoke like a kingGod Grizzly Trumpin Hands like 52picked. without any of yaw.LoveTrumpHate CanYeSeeThat
Yes indeed. They are wrong about you. You did not "earn" your way nor are you a "genius". 
 Check it out. "Native History of U.S." by Howard Zinn. Slavery convo never includes us.
  Ibknow you mean to talk about human race but you must rethink approach to "class".
America (and you) supporting Trump is evidence that racism still needs to be learned and talked about #Kanye #trump #history
You need to stop making music. It’s terrible
Kanye is nat turner let the slave uprising begin. We r right here with u @kanyewest #freeyourmind #slaverebellion
You need to pick up a history book or TEN &update you knowledge of your own peoples history before going out &speaking about things you obviously are ignorant to! &this hurts me to say cuz I did hold you as a lyrical genius,&if you can be a genius there,slip so far from reality!
very well said
We need to research what we are told to believe as well. Because when we don't we run around looking like complete fools. To all the Black people that want Trumps Central Park Ad to be about race, how about reading it. Black America get it together ... #Kanye #FreeThinker #Facts
Let's elevate our conversation. This is so deep.
Well what’s the point if you don’t have a memorandum of the program? You and I both know who still has it...
I 100% agree... Race is never an issue for people who want to work TOGETHER for the common good. #MAGA
You are not inspirational, not deep, not thought provoking, not a genius, not insightful, and not intellectual. Stop trying so hard.
Amazingly, 99% don't understand what Mr. West is even talking about, let alone the fact that ALL Americans haveen lied 2 for the past 55 years; remember November 22, 1963, Dallas, TX?
Man Im done with you. I used to listen to your music 12 years ago thinking how enlightened and progressive you are. You have taken a complete 180° and sound like an incoherent lunatic. Dont forget that your ancestors fought to get where you are today you privileged twat
Maybe it’s because regular, unprivileged, NEGROES like us still have to deal with that shit in our day to day lives
Go to your room and don't you come out until you know how to act.  

Sincerely, 

    The Universe
Stay strong 
I honestly think this is the most sensible tweet I’ve seen all year.
#KoonyeWest house negroe number one. Someone call Djnago
Ye u the king man...let's stop these race issues...if we preach letting go and moving on y don't we just do that on a daily basis....
This is how they divide and conquer tho ... GOD SHOW ME THE WAY CUZ THE DEVIL TRYING TO BREAK ME DOWN!!! if we change our convos and start being free n think for ourselves we may break the chains

#BigFacts! 
Some dedicate their lives to fight injustice and if it weren't for those that do wtf would u be right now? Out in the field with all the other n*****. #IfSlaveryWasaChoice
Yeah you saying this AFTER you got all the smoke lol don't try to fix it now
Easy to say that when you got money
Lmao  @aralyn_  he should focus attending a mental hospital
I think Sean Hannity said that too. Congrats, you’re thinking like the right-wing scumwad who paid George Zimmerman’s legal fees.
But are history is full of issues of us fighting we have to fight 4 everything. If we’re not a ball player , actor, raper, they don’t care idk about u but here in California black ppl have it hard we get look down on by ever race.

Your name made you a slave : WEST, but Your colour speaks otherwise .
the creation of race is the reason why there’s inequality, we can’t just disregard it
U’re woke bro
Please qualify your “we”! Conservatives don’t think based on race. #liberals don’t see that because it has become a central theme in their lives. They see everyone through the lens of race to identify them by their made up injustices. They don’t see “people”.
