




what exactly is the ultimate goal of this account
Taylor ended you and isn't a trump supporter, leans left, and supports gun control. Your over
he made that bitch famous
God damn
Must be why reputation outsold all 3 of his latest albums combined. Yikes
when will yall learn that popular ≠ good jesus fucking christ
Fucking Taylor stans go into Kanye’s twitter just to post this bullshit.. I’m a kanye fan but I don’t go into Taylor’s twitter lol
Have you streamed delicate by TayLORD today? You should
You support Trump though?
Which has nothing to do with spreading love?
Kanye isn't Trump. Support doesn't mean they are the exact same person.
So if I support white supremacy does that make me a white supremist?
This is legendary levels of reaching. Supporting the idea that white people are superior does make you a white supremacist. Supporting a man like Trump does not. Pretty simple.
But Trump supports white supremacy and Nazis, also shooting political opponents, beating up anyone with a difference of opinion, and sexual assault 

So how exactly does supporting Trump not make you a Nazi supporter, or a white supremacist, or someone against spreading love?
Well for starters pretty much everything you said about Trump is provably false. I do not support the man cause I don't think he's a very good president but he absolutely is not what you think he is.
He called Nazis good people, he asked for those with guns to do something about Clinton, and when people were being escorted out of his rally, he was calling for the crowd to beat them up 

Where have you been?
It’s the Brooklyn way.
I knew someone would beat me to it
You beat me to saying someone beat me to it!  lol
Like if you’ll vote for Kanye in 2024
In 6 years ian you’ll only be 17 bro
Asjgcdf
Goddamnit you heard the man spread the love. I love saying this. Presumptive Republican nominee Kanye West.
Spread #bitcoin bro

Then why do you endorse trump
Taylord is better and would never
Taylor ain’t running bro.
As if anyone But straight men/ conservative morons take kanye's running seriously. Exit my mentions, Trump supporter.
A man has a right to his own beliefs - his own principles.  KW has the respect of the nation.
What nation?

Just make sure the NAS record is all BOOM BAP BANGERS
Think you are officially at that creepy age where you should not be talking about rap, or about things in general
and financial responsibility
Stop supporting those who spread hate
You mad?


If your still on the fence about #Qanon please unfollow me and delete your twitter account. 
Please be this generations MLK.
The Democrats do not care about people. Especially African Americans. @potus #qanon #2018Midterms
the ppl you support aren’t

Sex trafficking was 1000% legal before Trump signed this worthless bill. 
um no it was illegal, since when did laws stop people from doing evil?
@MrJoshEarl

bitcoin.
You know you want to say it.
Really all that matters at the end! 
Mick jenkins
Tell your fans how the CIA MK Ultra mind controlled you and how you just broke out for the 2nd time please! Redpill them!

#qanon

I’ll spread my legs dad

Articles are trying to say you're going crazy again. A man can't even spread love for the world, in these times, the not-so-distant past. There is too much derivative of hate.
This speaks to me
Even scrolling through other replies, I can tell people don't take the phrase seriously, 'spread love'
Love me and help me pay off my debt 
I hate when a ni**a text you like, "What's up, fam? Hope you good"
You say, "I'm good, I'm great," the next text they ask you for somethin'

Never thought I'd be RT Kanye. But Love. Always. Wins. 

Break the chains. Free the mind.
#MAGA #QAnon #GreatAwakening
 im just glad one of my faves isnt a psycho! i was running out of musicians my kids can listen to 
Trump doesn’t spread love bruh
overcome TDS with love
where’s my retweets


Kanye for president
Spread MAGA

spread freedom of speech

Spread diversity of thought
@mickjenkins
 كــــــــلـيـن 9 
الحل الامثل لخسارة الوزن
اقوى برنامج تخسيس على الاطلاق

وزنك كبير ومحتاج تخس بسرعة !! 
الحل عنا والباقي عليك 
الاستفسار عبر الخاص 
you're right kanye I love you spread love 
You the man Kanye
Bruh
Love you
Why do you like trump :/
... because he is free from Democrats' plantation.
Spread crypto
Spread Salah
Its the Brooklyn way!
Man, let me be your manager that’s my dream
spread $ECA Electra Coins
We did
THAT IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD!!!GOD IS LOVE!!!LOVE IS GOD!!!GOD IS WHERE LOVE IS!!!LOVE IS WHERE GOD IS!!!!
Escape the hate.  

Come towards the light.
Trump is stabilizing the world, a stable world allows people to live happy lives.

FOLLOW   EVERYONE WHO   LIKES  THIS
I agree dad
DM me solutions for Global Warming
It’s a hoax, just a political narrative. The earths temperature over the last 200 years has only went up 2°F on average.

Spread your legs
People mad at Kanye because they aint Kanye
Kanye 2024!
Kanye Keeps America Great.

#KKAG
Love u Kanye me and @LILBTHEBASEDGOD hope you’re doing ok
LOVE FAM LOVE JUST LOVE U KNO SHOUT OUT TO @LILBTHEBASEDGOD  FOR ALWAYS BEING REAL
I hope you’re not mocking the basedgod
I've been based since 2011 da fuq? I embody the based movement...
Okay you seemed overzealous we can still be mutuals 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGYeBRthYso … not gonna hate but u seeming fake based for judging me rn no pope
Listen I am just official #protectlilbtaskforce and my tiny pants and I are doing our job, standing up for him against potential fake based. I think we can come to an understanding that we are real based.
I mean look at this picture of you
2 geniuses in a thread
“spread asshole”
BRO HIS LIPS  ITS 1 AM IM TRIPPIN
i finished high school almost 6 months ago
spread peanut butter
Spread cheeks
vai se FUDER seu bostinha do caralho
president.

This is so beautiful 
This girl used to be paralysed and she came to surprise her nurse  
George Bush don't care about black people!

Spread the album
@camilavitoria_ tem uma feia fingindo ser você
CHEGA
kanye i have school
You support a guy who spreads hate so idk man. Good music tho
(with consent)
@JakeMesz we already know 
On that  retweet game
That's gay
https://www.reverbnation.com/midnite/song/202294-midniteatthenautical-intro-chrisaaron … - Rapping in my #VOTE #WEST2024 #SpreadLove

god bless u kanye 
spread love like you spread pb on toast
i’m on it
Like you do in Chicago?
Yo album better be fire . I need that old Kanye
Nah
Not hate!
Send me some 350&750 so I can feel the love fam 

spread album
https://soundcloud.com/luvvvnomore/luvvv-the-kid-ft-miss-steele-raw-version … real estate
I Love You like Kanye loves Kanye
@mickjenkins
@mickjenkins
@mickjenkins
“i just called to say i love you” @oldmanebro
go to sleep
@mickjenkins
ily
spreading my cheeks
@mickjenkins
It's the Brooklyn way
i love you
MY PRESIDENT
Spread decent music
*Spread
Got em
*Got 'em
Hush child
No, you.

I'm liking that meme.
Lol me too
It’s the Brooklyn way
Stop tweeting and bring us your girlfriend.
SPREAD YOUR LEGS
It’s the Brooklyn way
Already
Spread love not hate 
i love u kanye
i love u mitsu
You gonna pass that message on to Trump or nah?

You dont think the White House also posts photos? Much of the Mainstream Media has an agenda & buries things like this,its called Media Bias & Propaganda, its a big reason Hitler rose to power. Wake up, they sell you propaganda to manipulate you, must question& think critically.
Those pictures also prove absolutely fucking

Have you heard of project mocking bird?? #ProjectMockingBird that’s why... they have been brainwashing the masses 
Go to bed
Yo friend Donald spreadin guns, THAT will help ya city for sure.. shut up kanye, please go make good music and delete twitter. Love
Spreading laughs and smiles  
It’s the Brooklyn wayyy
It's the Brooklyn way.
I'll spread my love all over you

L             O            V             E


Ok mick jenkins
“When you tried your first molly”
@LukasKires @LouisBoivin17
yes dad
It’s the Brooklyn way
And spread the condom
Go to sleep
@therealroseanne Kanye, call Roseanne, she wants to talk to you.
i would die for u
It's the Brooklyn way
i love u
@mickjenkins

You liking this would make a nigga's day much love 
-Jessie
u and mick jenkins had that talk huh
I love you guys !
Such positivity love it
It’s the Brooklyn way

Tweeting later than usual... dropping a single???? 

It’s the Brooklyn way
And Nutella
Keep up the good work boss! Love your music too!
“wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky”
I love you
Love you dad
@mickjenkins

Best Tweet I have heard today thank you 
@ my ex
Yeah saint Pablo.
Everyday
Yes Kanye
I love you
Daddy
it’s the Brooklyn way
I love you
dad
I love you dad
facts
Ok
mick jenkins collab?
I agree
Bet thanks
kanye, you’re a rapper.. please act like it. we don’t wanna hear you try and run our generation, we wanna hear your music!
Frick off. Kanye West for pres 2020
kys

Eh ktir areek howe

I own a watch company  My message is the same 

http://www.seventeenth-watches.com/shop 
You know Donald Trump doesnt do that right
impeach
you're good man

you should check out my weird americana album
No thanks.
ok, it's there if you change your mind
Again...No thanks esp if you think Kanye is a good man. G'Night
what a weird conversation
this site sure does bring out the best in people
You’re literally siding with a man who spreads hate
L        O          V           E
Y u always WOKE bruh!!
You thought me well sir
Then spread thought fam
Taught* 
U deserve some accolades
Not legs
spread love
Or spread herpes like @usher 
no u
Spread butter

NU
That’s what my son did  He was the most loving, caring, and beautiful soul! I miss him so much  I try to spread love and live like he did! Depression lies 
i love you like kanye loves kanye
With my legs?
Eat shit
Na man not for you
#Fishsticks
Check it out!
Spread Nutella
Or @KimKardashian’s legs
ily
LOVE U KANYE ! ALWAYS KEEP YO HEAD UP! 
⚘⚘⚘⚘
Ok

Not war my ninja not war
It's the Brooklyn way
It’s the Brooklyn way.
Spread truth! The devil(s) have always used love as their weapon to take power. Truth is freedom which allows all the love in the world to thrive.
Kanye spreading it all the time, 24/7

Rescue #AlfieEvans
I love resemblance. Its like seeing Jesus in burnt toast. #DoggieHoleYesus
#MAGA, homie!
welcome

I don't know about you sometimes I don't know if you real or you just making moves to be heard
Word!
Don’t let these hateful liberals bring you down king Kanye
Yes, please
