I hope your next album flops
Over a personal opinion?
Yes
Aye, political opinions these days are now dividing friendships and long-term relationships... We can't judge people based on what they believe man :/
umm yes you can LOL
If someone supports a man who has called members of my ethnicity “rapists” and “drug dealers” and still supports that man after he admits to sexually assaulting women then odds are that person is not on the same moral and ethical plane as me.
If you don’t think members of your ethnicity aren’t rapists or criminals you’re too blind. I know my ethnicity has rapists and killers but they don’t represent me.

George bush doesn’t care about black people but trump does?
Tho only color Trump sees is green.and maybe gold. He has done great things for the black community by employing the daddies. He was honored for it. He was never called racist until he entered politics.
Bye bot!
He's not lying Trump is not bad
Alas, Donald Trump is indeed bad. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_Park_jogger_case#Accusations_by_Donald_Trump …
I like this hat better
Funny how it's ok to raid someone based on a pornstars word but Hillary destroyed evidence had anyone who had it "commit suicide" and still we cry about the orange man who hurts my vagina  #ThePatheticLeft


Bullshit
It’s true just look her up and she’s the founder of plant parenthood
Margaret Sanger
Kanye, do you know what this gesture means?
Just Incase he doesn’t...
lmao come on
Wtf is wrong with you? Please tell me you’re not gonna have to hit rehab again
How dare he have a different political opinion from the Hollywood norm
Fuck off loser. I’m a liberal and you’re not changing my mind. Go look at my tweets. #bluewave

GOP should be extinguished #BlueWave
Liked that Blue Wave in AZ yesterday!  Oops...that was a Blue Puddle.
Trump won that district by 20 points. You’ve lost everywhere else. Go read a book. #BlueWave
Books!
These nimrods can barely fanger paint their own names.
On the plus side, we’re watching these gun humping sister fisters literally f***ck every last chromosome up outta their trailer trash gene pool in real time
thass enough of the hat fam

S.O.S. memes in all these comment threads. Same Old Salty
Why are y’all getting this upset about someone endorsing the president democrat or republican at the end of the day it’s merica so suck it up and just be happy your here damn
I have had friends that voted for different parties  it’s over and done now. My personal problem with trump is not a race thing. It’s a respect thing. He has not respected women ( me being a woman) nor does he respect different cultures. ( me being black).
"Black" is not a culture.
CORRECTION, culture is the behaviors and beliefs characteristic of a particular social, ethnic, or age group. African Americans do have a culture we are not raised in the same manner as every other household.
And besides that I said “cultures” plural which can include religious beliefs as well as race
Ok. I just wanted to say that African American  culture is not the culture of "all" black poeple. I would even say that different African American cultures exist.
Of course it’s a loose statement. One thing can’t apply to everyone. As a person in the community I know every instance isn’t the case. You know what I mean.
Signed by who? A heart beat?
delete it fat
DO WE LOVE DONALD TRUMP OR WHAT 
What

Honestly that signature is just scribbles
Thats how children scribble in daycare.
And yet he's worth over $3billion and became a president. Imagine where he'd be if he was able to handwrite up to your standards...
What’s the matter ?
Butt Hurt ?
He is your President
Donald Turmp will be in jail sooner than later lol. The only one that will butt hurt is Donnie when he bends over to pick up the soap. LMAOOO
Delusional
No Common Sense
stop tweeting please
You first fam.
After you
Ladies first.
Ye please stop
Wtf bro...
this guy continues to be trash
You’re done. Say bye to your fan base
SFTU acting like a ass! They are laughing at you and your mental state behind your back. You'd better prepare yourself if u plan to bring a new CD out. Last time I checked black people were the ones who made you who you were in hip hop.
#MAGA
Please flop.
Kanye, you don't have the answer's....
WEW! 
Ew*
I Hope This Pisses Off Every Industry Influencer
big bro please man
Black ppl chill. In case you forgot, we have supported Clinton, Bush and other numerous white Presidents. Even though Trump is the worst white president ever, he is still president. Until further notice lol. I actually support his wife because she knows he is an idiot. Lol

#SoThirsty
kanye what the fuck
The 6 As on the cap prolly represents 6 triangles....nothing is right with America

Garbage
what are you doing, my love???




KANYE IS A RUSSIAN! 
I don’t think trump is a racist, he only wants the country to be its best and if it means more boundaries for some then why not. It’s not a race thing it’s a population thing and safety thing.
That’s sweet dear. Now go back to your YouTube show or whatever little thing your brain can manage.

I was so impressed by him when he did this.
Same. Most people dont realize the sacrifice he made here. Tragic
Oh wellyou were fun while it lasted, later yeezy

Tomorrow I will buy my first Kanye CD
If Kanye goes and endorses a very Black and proud politician, well you keep said CD?
For sure! I'm thinking Alan West. Not a racist bone in my body. Granddaughter is half and half. She's freaking perfect.
I mean whether the person is Republican or not; party not mattering. Allen Bernard West is Repub.
If I knew a democrat that stood up for what is right, I would vote democrat.
That's quite a shallow view of whole human beings. Dems are not always wrong and Repubs are not always wrong. Both are not always right either.
True.
You’re a fool
I’m upset I own yeezys..
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/980326180325793793?s=21 …
You go Kanye.  Be your own man like always
Great to see a real person come out of the entertainment industry. Thank you Kanye for trying to spread the truth! #MAGA
Name your favorite song by him.
Looks like evil scrawling. All those points and aggressiveness. Yikes. Lol. Seriously, though. 

Trump is not a fan of Black people, dude. He is not a fan of you. He is a fan of Black PRAISE. 

Big difference.
Ur real Kanye-don’t give a s__t what others have to say 
Bot
@HomeboyzRadio West should seek Respect which lasts longer than Attention
...#STAYWOKE

When the working people in the country no longer can afford your recordings or concerts or merchandise, what then?
That would suck, but thankfully Trump won the election and now taxes are down, wages are up, and unemployment is dropping. Americans of all classes, genders, orientations and skin colors are able to afford more now than they could under previous administrations.
lmao
Mueller lie detector?
Can't wait...
Do you realize they are showing the White Power sign right in front of your face? Good lord, don't you have any pride in your heritage?


America was never great so shut up
Well that must worth 50 cents now !



Just started following you. Keep up the good spirit. I respect you for not caving to the pressure.
Don’t listen to the haters. Go @realDonaldTrump and @kanyewest for knowing what’s real
Jæja @ManiSteinnO hvað finnst þér um að átrúnaðargoðið þitt sé Trump-maður?


I hate you for retweeting this
lmao
Single
Double
Your are the man Kanye. You just got a brand new fan
Being Trumpian is about building a new America full of bold Corruption where there is no Law Enforcement for them and where the Poor to Needy are trumpled on daily. #bluewaveforbetteramerica
Was it one of the ones made in China?
The ones made in china are counterfeit. The real ones are made in USA. I have one I brought from the USA and another one from China and they are completely different.



You do realize that hat was made in China don’t you?
lol. That's because most Americans wouldn't be able to afford a hat "made in the usa". The Other 99% is real. Costs of doing business in the USA vs CH is also real. No smart business owner, wanting to hire more employees or make profit, would choose U.S. costs over China costs.
That was before the tax reform bill and the rolling back of thousands of anti business regulations! Keep up!
Signed by what? An Ecg heart rate monitor?
Kanye, You got my attention and I'm loving you supporting our President like an American should or at least show respect. Peace be to you and I'm buying your music (for the first time)....I'm a country music type person, but I ALWAYS support fellow MAGA's. Keep going! You rock.
From one mentally ill person to another.

I am an old guy, don't know much about rap. Think I will listen to yours!
You have guts! Thanks!
Because when he was all about Blackness, you did not listen to him then, right? 

Thanks for showing your phoniness.
Who are you to assume and put words in his mouth.
Becaaauuuuse he said "think I will listen to yours" after he stated he doesn't know much about rap. 

Yep. 

He spelled it out himself. So, yep. No assumptions. 
Pretty much. Um..........yeah.
You’re cursed with the victim mentality that Kanye is ousting. Progressives want to keep you down therefore keeping them in business.
Victimization is often real. Do you see what is going on in the world? In this country? Stephon Clark shot up in his granny's backyard. A Black girl roughed up by cops in a Waffle House because she thought it silly to pay for plastic utensils.

Nothing bothers you.......
@kanyewest bruh...I’m confused by you
People thinking on their own behalf confuses you. You must’ve been real confused on the night of 11/8/16.
You don’t know me. Shut up
Silly Kanye! You do realize Trump has a boner when he tweets 2 u because he's thinking about your wife, right?  That's just who this guy is. 
Good luck w/that. Also, if u want to find out just how "great" he is, tell him you want to rent an apartment from him. Goof Luck w/that, 2
He can get it up without urine???
Ugh. All I know is that 2/3 of the country plus the entire world have been unwillingly dragged into the Diaper Don's underpants, & forced to witness a "Vietnam War" that's been raging for decades. We r starting 2 see the casualties; I don't want 2 visualize the weapon. Ugh
It is all too much.
New respect for Kanye!!  #MAGA
For real! Lol
Somebody put something in his drink ..... oh wait attention seeker
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

Burn the hat 
@zairahraps yup....it is. 
 nvm then, that's over .. those bars were trash after all lmaoooo jk but how you gonna spit some consciousness unconscious 
Broke mah hart..,but the memes ease the pain 
True! And on the bright side the world needs you right now 
That's why I ain't stoppin . 
KEEP YOUR EYES PEELED, YE! @kanyewest
Hello Mr.Kardashian your music is as relevant as @realDonaldTrump ! #notatall
Trump is the president of the United States...pretty relevant to the world if you ask me and also Kanye must be pretty relevant to you if your commenting under his tweets lmfao
Lame just like your Falcons 4th quarter!
Good comeback buddy really liked that one
So did Bob Kraft !
I am not impressed.
This is the usual publicity stunt Kanye pulls before releasing an album.
He has got everyone talking about Kanye since that tweet?

Save your speeches for his upcoming album.
Apparently Kanye now listens through his pockets and we will speak.
#BoycottKanye
Signed by what? A polygraph?

Is that Bill Cosby’s signature or did a witless orangutan have a seizure while holding a Sharpie?

In the end, Kanye West's popularity will be lower than everyone's except for his hero, Donald Trump.  #Sad #MAGA

George bush hates black people. Kanye West hates common sense
Can y’all leave the man alone! He has all the rights he wants to show support for the President just like y’all have the rights to hate on the President #MAGA #GoodForKanye #Kanye2024
No. No I wont. I get to say what I want to say too.
Love it!!!!! You have a new Twitter follower! Keep going Kanye!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tristan to Khloe: At least I ain’t doing that
ok what you want the position of the top butler at the White House!  Ok Tom 
The fuck are you even on about?
She's basically saying he's a sell out
Good for you...you don't invoke anger in me I really feel a sadness for you. You're like a lost kid. Search for Peace.
You patronise because you don’t respect free expression or thought. That’s Marxism.
What is bullying or conning ppl into believing they are operating on free expression or thought called? I encourage every person to be of free expression or thought, but jumping from the frying pan to the fire is not smart...you need another pan.
I would respond to that if it made sense.
I would respond to you if you did... Its all good...sometimes you disagree or don't understand where someone is coming from...you agree to disagree and move on...you assume you make sense
Might fetch ya a few cents on ebay. But I doubt it. Not worth a penny to me. #ImpeachTrumpNow
why don't you stick to fits of emotional rage and "intelligence"
@kanyewest this is why you're the "Abomination of Obama's nation." I tried embracing your change but "I miss the Old Kanye, Set on his goals Kanye."
#FanofOldKanye

I love seeing the #MAGAts suddenly embrace Kanye. Effen tards.
Proud  of my president  thank you
so we jus gonna ignore how brutal this signature is

You know when its signed, its worth even less, right?
Signed by NnnNNnnnN

#ReTweet:  if you want
@realDonaldTrump to keep
bypassing the #FakeNews &
talking to us directly through…
riddle me this one... how come you were so vehemently against the Klan, against supremacy and people like Trump - now you love him? Rhetorical question. Please get the mental health help you clearly need... not for your fans, but for yourself and family
Hey kanye,
Did the same person who recorded trump’s pee tape record your wife’s sex tape? Asking for a friend.
That is the fugliest hat I’ve ever seen


...by a seismograph.
his signature is about to have a heart attack
LOVE IT! YOU gained a follower!!
Kellyanne Kanye

Everyone thinks Kanye really supports Trump. When really he’s just plotting
1) I, like many others, chose to ignore you and your rant @kanyewest. But this tweet with this red cap has forced me to speak up. As a man that came from a community subjected to America's original sin of slavery, you ought to know better. When exactly was America great, Kanye?
That signature looks like my heart rate when these Trump supporters have me heated.
YESSS!!! KANYE IS ONE OF US NOW!
Awesome! 
#consume #obey #conform
is this something i can buy hal? because i deeply want one
Yes my brother. I have it qued up on society 6 but haven't posted it. They always have crazy sales so I'll wait and post it up then and ping you. Do you want a shirt or a print? Their shirts are dope. They look vintage and are soft as hell. That's why I use them.
oh man i’ll have to check it out once i get my shitty connection working :)
Dhruv if you couldn’t convince me, no one can 
House Figga
That you Kanye
Nice!!!!
Never been a fan, but you’ve now earned my respect. You’ve voiced your opinion that is pretty unpopular in the celebrity world. Fans who believe differently can be cruel, but who cares about them? Your opinion is YOUR opinion, not theirs 
ya, real proud moment!

#FBR
#theresistance
#GeeksResist
#impeachtrump
#FBResistance
Kanye, I will personally sign a pink pussyhat for you.
Hell, I'll even knit it for you.
@AddisonParrish1 explain
I already did peep my thread from earlier today
Ok can we boycott Kanye?  He doesn’t care about black people and he got on and left his race to be a @KimKardashian accessory #hewillbeinadressin10years
this tweet is racist and is not doing anything to help any ethic group whatsoever. you should be more focused on letting people support who they want than forcing a belief upon someone because they are a certain race.
Good 4 u but I don't think anyone cares!!! If u meant what u said abt Bush then how u on Pumpkin heads nutt sack now!!!
FACTS!!!
I know what you’re doing Kanye. You’re trying to infiltrate by tricking these people into thinking you’re one of them. And then with the Swiftness that is Yey, you will take control. Well done sir.

You're truly foolish
Eeeeewwwwwww
who scribbled on it

“PUT IT IN MY HAND” 
https://youtu.be/56KGSjv044Y  
Make American Great Again
B A R F
Kanye, that is embarrassing..

Looks more like the results from a lie detector test.
Nice!
signed by a complete sociopath...what a treasure
Thank you for standing up against the intolerance in Hollywood.
Now burn it
how much bread did he give you to post this
It’ll be worth a lot of money in time. I hear Hitler memorabilia commands high dollars as well
Kanye getting on Trumps good side to win that 2020 election  #rigged
#kanye2020
alright this has gone too far fuck kanye
ok but why does his signature look like a heartbeat monitor
@Emma_Hey I didn't see this


@matthewchidley @AndrewHowie93 thought he meant magaluf there mind
Trump on tour 2018
 getting some filthy lass from leek town to nosh him off
vai que e tua lixo humano
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Felizmente militei
Sell it on Ebay, maybe get $5.
Five Corn-federate dollars.
I hope he knows Trumps great America is where he is picking cotton.
Ugh what is wrong with you?
The man you’re supporting was known to have discriminatory rental practices against African Americans, initiated a Muslim ban, called my people rapists, and defended White suprematists in Charlottesville. You have the right to support whoever you want. Enjoy the attention!
@kanyewest UNCLE TOMM
He'll sell more records now from the Trump supporters
@joelwatson11 not long now 
#woke

I think you get Trump because he also only thinks about publicity, even if its bad: publicity equals money so there you have it
A$$hole has more s’s

I admire you for thinking for yourself, we need to be a strong country and take care of our USA citizens.
MFW you realize that most of the accounts liking this post are Russian bots.
Who cares
Lol. Killing it buddy! Keep it up.
He’ll sign your hat but he wouldn’t rent you an apartment.
seismographs use sharpie?

You go @kanyewest your into truth, the ButtHurt left will never put #AmericaGreatwithTrump
It’s not about the hat, or trump, is it Kanye. Its the chaos that is brought on by u displaying the hat or acknowledging trump that your truly obsessed with. The reaction, the conflict. u want some of the chaos, the opposition, the anger. To feel. Interesting
Go with it...you rock! Respect from Essex Ct.....
That signature dropped the hat’s 
value by around 50%, KW!! 
Of course you support Dump, you are as big a jerk as he is.
Who gives a fuck Kanye. Go back on medication brother, as you’ve obviously lost your mind.
George Bush hates black people

Pathetic! But... Understandable! People with big money support each another.

It's a shame his ego has eclipsed his talent. Cannot support an American who ignorantly supports the destruction of his government and country. Trump's time will come, and Kanye will fade into irrelevance as he continues to seclude and isolate his fan base.
