Lolz
This house is way too big for it to be empty like this
Place looks like straight up death, does anybody actually live there? This looks worse than a sunken place. This place has no soul.
sunken place is in the movie "Get Out" - mind control
Wow
reminds me of this
This house looks like where depression manifests.
You can’t take it to Heaven or Hell with you for that matter.
Do you like post malone
No
Thanks Kanye
You're welcome queen
We've become popular
i guess our convo did become popular lol
That looks scary
Cozy. No wonder you're crazy town.
Sad
Is that modeled after a corridor in the Vatican?  Pope Kanye...
Is that really an area of your home where you actually live and sleep everyday?
Is everything okay at home? Are you okay? Wanna talk to someone besides Kim?
Is he allowed to do that?

oooooooooookkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
thats exactly, what comes to mind,an asylum, poltergiest, nightmare on elm street, WHO CAN SLEEP COMFORTABLY IN THAT HOUSE? OR RELAX? no getting up for a midnight anything from the fridge
Great architecture. I love this, y is everyone hating it.
Yes this definitely looks like the sunken  place  void and empty without any signs of life
Yes brother it do.
Agreed! He been canceled

Beautiful
Good stuff sir, but the walls are so bare! Surely a calendar with motivational thoughts can go up somewhere friend. But to each their own of course. Be well!
You need some color in your life - white is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo BORING.
Empty home, just like your marriage and souls....@KimKardashian @kanyewest
I respect you as an artist but  and material is exactly how you get to the sunken place. You detach from what really matters in order to obtain more wealth, for what? Your tweets are about you bettering yourself but you’re only talking financially. This is far from liberation.
Financial successes do not matter in the grand scheme. Depression and anger exist  on a yacht and can’t be masked by designer clothes. You’ve always been a radical thinker, but why apply that solely to your businesses? Create an empire that doesn’t revolve around currency.
Is your next album “the sunken place”? Calling this now #youhearditherefirst
no ,its Turbo Grafx 16
I'mma lend North @jermjackson5 sharpie marker he use for his fade, cause Kanye chile- your house needs some color.  It look like shady pines beige theme asylum.  At least buy a Jackson Pollock or a Jean Michel Basquiat chile.  You hear me? 
Looks like a mental institution tbh
Are you trying to say palace?
Stay there!
I didn't know he was still alive
Yes you truly are in the sunken place. You've been there for awhile now.
If this is a coded message I believe you. I will flash a light in your eyes asap

"GET OUT" Kanye...You are an artist, how can your artistic mind flourish in an asylum???
How much money did Ye spend to make his house look like a Star Wars Cantina?
He’s in there we can still save him
Get out.    (No point Intended)
It looks like you did alright under Obama. Let’s hope that holds up until 2020 and we can get a professional in the White House.
Would you hire a producer that has never produced an album?
Would you hire a surgeon that never operated?
Why the  then?
Empty. Just like ur soul. This hallway looks like ur last album sounded.. remember when you used to rap??
it looks like a  Resident Room in the crazy house
This house looks about as bland as your music over the last few years. Please disappear. #JustSomebodyThatWeUsedToKnow
Where are the padded walls?
genius
Pretty sure the sunken place is a mental state, but by all means Kanye keep making yourself look stupid. No wonder Jay dont fuck with you. And I was just listening to Graduation listening to you become the very thing you used to rap against....
Boy where is ya furniture
@Ashley76221161
What kind of museum is this? Looks empty.

cold, depressing, even demonic- who is ur Designer- question that! find a replacement..let LIGHT in.. .

Damn Yeezus. This thought of you being in the sunken place is bringing tears to my eyes. I loved you. Never will stop. I hope the best for you Fam. You’re like a big bro for me. I really hope this journey takes you where you desire to be.
I’m so done!!!
If you don’t praise the roof over your head it will come down and crash you!
very smooth 
Even your home is painfully contrived
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
uhm yeah you proving the point ye
Scary & boring
dude, get some furniture
I can't believe...
Buy some furniture. Paint the place. It looks all concrete. 
This only solidified their thoughts...
@Pooch_papi
 stuntin'!!!!

Did you not see Get Out, or did you not understand Get Out?
It is if it's no love in there. The kind of love you grew up on, that so fool your momma was feeding you all your life...
It looks like an asylum on the slick 
They finally put him in here @AndroidShogun

Looks like a mausoleum to me.
Sunken and Barron.  House with no furniture is not a 
Your wife admitted you’re in a sunken place already 
The sunken place looks awful, no wonder you were mental yesterday! Those walls need splashes of color...
Looks Asylum-my
Continue being a free thinker and a creative genius.  You own that right.....

Actually yeah. It kinda DOES.
Those teacups at the end of the hall?
I remember seeing u on tv saying "Bush does not like black ppl" one of the best moments in the world. And now this!?Really are u kidding me? FYI the sunken place is not necessarily what u have in your had but really what u have in your heart. Not judging but facts
I hope you escape one day to find yourself
Can’t you afford paint?


what an F'n sell out!  This guy adores a white nationalist sympathizer who unfortunately is the POTUS
Freemasons!!....All white neighbourhoods
Freemason lodge....all white
As the wonderful @SaRaAshcraft would say -continue to #SayBraveThings  You are an inspiration
if i Was there with you i dance the moonwalk
Looks like an asylum, where you belong!
may just want to stop with these tweets...it’s not helping.  This is the saddest looking house I’ve ever seen...
Lmao that house is worth 60 million now?
Depressing ass house. Get some rugs or something..

My nigga your house is the equivalent to plain greek yogurt where's the color!
Um yes actually it does lmao looks like the walls to an asylum
Why
Are
The
Walls
So
White
Yes...yes it does...
I’m picking up what you’re putting down fam.
Looks like you ate getting ready to destroy the deathstar in the renaissance.
Oh, we are man.
We ARE.
Temple or home? Or both?
Have they got control of u?
Is that box on the alter at the end of the hall where they got your consciousness? Type 1 for YES HELP!!! Type 2 for nah
Is that an enormous urinal at the end of the corridor?
Looks about right
Ok then good luck
Looks like something out of a horror film!!
ocd

Cool place :D
White people y’all can have him we don’t want him anymore
Looks like a mausoleum - sorry.
As pretty inside as it is outside.

Look like a damn psych ward!
See now looking at it all I can see happening now is an axe maniac running down the hall screaming
 "HERE'S JOHNNY"
Swear it feel like Morgan Freeman bout to pop out with a mop...
That looks umm pretty Alabaster like.
That doesn't even look like a home.
Looks like a relic from the bygone Byzantine Era/Empire.....like all construction had to be halted as their was a Roman raid underway!! 
Sanitized, dark and lonely 
Sunken place isn’t literally a place, it’s a mindset, it’s all mental... Man did you even watch Get Out????

#brainwashed
Yes a long as empty white hallway does in fact look like tha sunken place
Empty white walls look like the sunken place to me #white
More like Illuminati house
Looks like a hospital.
You cannot be outdone
It is scary! 

Reminds me of purgatory.
Is yo head the sunken place?  #skyhighmuthafucka
You’re going to sell some hella records this summer son! Keep up the good work on ur Marketing strategy...you’re on a rolll! Lol  
I can’t wait until you post your a** off on Twitter tomorrow!!
the hallway looking like a monastery oh yes
So cold and empty
Oh look!! A tomb for the living dead! 
Looks like an asylum. Are the walls in the room padded?

Remember all it takes is a sound to trigger the hypnosis. #GetOut2 @JordanPeele
You been there for awhile...
Looks like a sunken dungeon alright.
What point are you even making? That you live in a literal echo chamber as well as a figurative one?
@number_1king
i don’t fw this new kanye
Is this a mausoleum?

How far down?
id rather live in a dorm room #KanyeWestIsOverParty
This Ninja done sold his soul to the devil!  Be careful what  music y’all listen  to.
Yes it does unfortunately... White, cold and scary.... Get Out!!
Dope
Empty house and sunken place.
always wondered what the inside looks like.  thx Ye !!
@_jay_martn_
Is he living in a monastery?
Goat
You like fish sticks? Trump likes fish sticks with Russian dressing.
fuck man, buy a hall runner
Please decorate. The interior designer in me is dying
Buy some damn furniture!
Yes it do you so lame now yo
Get Out! 
Creepy.
Damn KW buy some fn furniture bro
Is this a cry for help
A Mausoleum could be described as a sunken place, so yes, your sunken place.

Yup...
I don't think that's the sunken place people keep referring to....
Yes, yes it does. It’s barren AF and void of personality.
This looks like the coldest, sterile , kid-free place ever. Not a toy, blanket or remotest signs of life or love. #sad
Your house is not a home.
Its his new yeezy mansion

Buy some fucking furniture.
Are you trying to lose your mind
Looks like already  happened.  It's all blank.
You can say anything you want if you put the right emoji next to it. You ok fam?

https://goo.gl/images/JbrXxp  come on man you live in this whitewash world?
It’s definitely looks like a cave. A nice cave but a CAVE NON THE LESS!
See you in Get out part 3 
It looks like a tomb!
So impressed.
Wow. Looks so cozy.
Yes it really does 
No it looks like a very cold place
Well, the house definitely has a consistent theme going on..
U ok bro ?
Not funny because people really do worry about you since that time you exposed the industry and "them".  Why haven't we seen you much?  But I guess, still glad to at least see you return to music.
Is that an urn for all of this mornings thoughts 
Is Han Solo frozen in the wall of the bathroom?
See
No worry wah di wikkid heat say, do yu ting king.
empty, cold,
Having millions and mansions doesn’t mean you’re not in the sunken place.
@ArchDigest please give Kim and Kanye a cover
Ok but this actually kinda looks like a Sunken Place. Just saying.
