Assuming the glass isn't in vacuum 
If that was the case the water would instantly boil so it would quickly become totally empty
Lol wut
When there is no pressure acting on a liquid it will just boil away
How much rick and morty did you watch
It’s basic college chemistry lol
Did you just put the word basic next to college? TF
Totally forgot this is a PewDiePie thread.




This thread gives me life

Who got bars for this? #hiphop #sample #flstudio #boombap #kendricklamar #jcole #drake #andre #300 #KanyeWest #eminem #drdre #oldschool #rap 

Kanye you're humanities last hope

My house is half empty since my wife left
But it's probably still full of her scent and memories?
Nah its still full of air, ur all good
@johnnybwai_D your profile pic was my reaction to this post 

tEChNiKaLlY tHE gLaSS Iz AlWEAyZ FuLL headass



good morning
Technically you can't complain anymore.
this the shit my dad sends on whatsapp and I never reply to
reply to your father samuel
His name is actually samantha
So really the glass is full if you think about it  thx Pablo
We live in a society
huge if true
What?

king of inspiration
@TristonHDesign this some shit you would say lol
nah man keep this on facebook
Half face, half book. Always full of shitposts

Map of Trafficking/Cults related to the Clinton Global Initiative.  Links/comments beside most entries.

Research info included from:  Me, @kbk3n3 @MrsPatriot3 @rmck51337…


 o tauwe wena!
please shut up

Unnecessary roughness 
I revoke this statement
I’m late but lmaoooooooo
klasse !! das sollte mal nachdenklich machen .. ich wünsche dir und Kim einen traumhaften Abend
deep
As a puddle

Here comes another blow-out......!!!
Tim Douglas The OneOf@Kinder SirSercurity CREATOR of The Universe
Totally agree Kanye! #HalfFullHat
I need to pin this one
The chip bag has more air than this

@JordDowny16
I think that glass has a urine sample in it.
This is a joke from 3rd grade
No. It’s intellectual art.
Oh, my mistake
Kanye pleasee don't
Why are people retweeting this
Because they are the same people who were bidding on ebay for bags of kanye west concert air in ziplocks...
For reals?
Lmao yea..dude got takin off ebay cuz we was making thousands lol
Swear lolol he had pieces of tape on them saying the date and concert etc hahah
this is the end of the line. too controversial for me. please stop 
#TheMoreYouKnow



do you know how much space there is between atoms ??

or how much space there is between the nucleus and the electrons ?? 

technically its almost empty, unless you fill it with matter that is as dense as a black hole

 #pessimism

Kanye you’re stressing me out.
geez. the 25th feels like it was 12 yrs ago.
RIGHT. Meanwhile I was hung up on a ‘trump is my brother’ tweet little did I fucking know

So the glass is half full 
half empty half full
yea i love drinkin some air honestly

 you think Kanye’s in sweetie hot women seeking foreigner awesome men???
Where else would he find such a dank meme

Good Morning

Underrated
kanye no this is some facebook type of shit
Good morning! Amen!
Yes if you r not going to ask about water.

did you get this from tumblr
OMG, it’s true. You are #Qathon after all.
But I am a "the glass is half empty kinda guy" :(
Are you making fun of me?
Mais du coup même quand il est vide, il reste toujours plein en fait
Donc en fait le vide n’existe pas sur terre ?
Stop making ugly shoes.

I’m a Kanyemist
This is so wise ...


u mi dad i love u im not even gonna say anything
America loves you Kanye

nice album cover
Man shut the hell up
 overdoing it
What is a fake genius?
Somebody who claims 2 be a genius but is really a low IQ fool
Inspirational
Be water my friend -bruce lee
Woke
Optimism at its finest

I love the enlightened Kanye.
kanye cured my pessimism

did u draw this
good morning kanye

Technically, I’m still depressed
Half Full of H2O and Half Full Of Oxygen. Exactly, Bruh! 
Kanye officially in Gucci mane & Diddy's deck
If you poured it half full then its half full but if you filled it up and drank half, then its half empty #streetfacts
Or or in your technicalities nothing exists because everything does
Siktir git lan sikik
@ataozaltin hahahhah
It doesn’t matter what fills the glass. The glass is always full, though. Which just gets into the perspectives and perceptions of the world and self that Kanye has talked about since returning to Twitter.
Get off Twitter, Kanye!

Just like your wife's half filled with other men's fluids
Neithers Kim
@VaporMag_ no way kanye just tweeted this after yesterdays convo
Yeah I saw this and I started chuckling. You’re on Kanye level that’s quite the company
Omg
God level thinking 
Yeah if God was reading and writing in a third grade level.
We're all trolling here  I guess ur in  a third grade level
No shit we are? 

Hence my comment smart guy!
Put some emojis in ur tweets next time so we can understand u
This is dumb bro

deep
I think this gets at the Glass is full of water or air, but either way it’s full of something


Me rn
Yo Kanye, what do you think about the sleepy eyed globalists in our media who oppose free thought so much?

They're meanies, imho
Genius
Goodmorning Mr. West
can i drown in the water
Take it to facebook, Mr. West.
Even if it's 100% air
Yeah oxygen rotates into life.
kanye degrasse tyson over here
are you 5 years old?
Maestro
Wake and bake huh?
this is turning into an old man Facebook Kanye, STOP
No

Why Kanye tweeting like a local mom now
Ahha
Let’s not get this account confused with @Inspire_Us
2 halves. Whether it be air or water the glass is full of something.

#qanon
A chemist
@GrazianoEmilio this it like one of them shit motivational posts on reddit
Technically we are the glass

LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

s a m e
@Gui2032 tudo começou com esse simples tweet de positividade
@fee_talarico @vitoriaemilly até kanye west manda mensagem de bom dia pro grupo no zap
pô, nosso grupo pode sair da ilegalidade então
@FicklasNuchs dicka hahahaha
ich
@JPolutanovich  weren't we just talking about this metaphor.... Creeeepy
Wrfgfffff
Que profundo blda. @_BarbiLopez  amor al Keny.
Yo tengo en un cuadrito el tuit del amigo como él
@fabioglo, você teria coragem de criticar esse homem??
Fica aí a lição pra vida
I CAN NOT

This ones for you @DannyBoy19D
Bruh. Kanye got red-pilled by somebody recently. It’s litty 
@Oleskillz god
Damn droppin knowledge 
@wonderingbreads fucjing told you
Facebook post beep boop
Send me beats #hiphopbeats #Instrumentals  #beatsneeded
you’re so positive now I love it thank you for giving me faith in my own recovery
You’re great
You are the most influential artist of this generation Kanye, no matter what anyone says they can’t take the crown from the king
@timbizon did your bday wish of ye not tweeting stupid shit come true
No :(
Hahahaha he still my guy but cmon
Like he saw your tweet and decided to go extra
Lmfaooo for real

Philosophically speaking yeah, physically speaking nah it'll never be full
i love tumblr
yeah but you can't drink air, Kanye, when people say, "the glass is half full", the unspoken implication is that it's half full of "something that I want, for instance water, since I need it to live"
Rispetto
mate
Kanye’s a Facebook dad now
Facebook mom ass post
madonna la smetti
Thank you for the continued motivation mr president
ffs
Are you okay?
Your new album cover and title: ‘SOLD’
go back to facebook kanye
Woke niggas reading this:
im enlightened wow
Genius


Oof... how bout we take a breather?

damn thanks for this one ye
kanye on his facebook mom posting shit
Great pic :) Keep Fighting for #MAGA #QAnon #TheGreatAwakening :D eh @syqau :D eh @realDonaldTrump :D eh @CNN & @BBCWorld lol @YourAnonNews @YourAnonCentral @AnonymousPress @nytimes @Forbes "Birds of Feathed Flock 2GETher":D " http://www.soundclick.com/akalegendarystatus …
Inspirational
Huh
R/im14andthisisdeep
learn 2 crop
vai tomar no cu meu  na moral
What a positive mindset looks like

Wow so deep


no shit sherlock
Morning homie, I can't wait to vote for you
Being full of air means a cup is empty though... don’t try to spin that shit on me man
He can spin anything he wants on me dudes a legend
Cudi better though
Lmao stop it hahahahahaha that's an ignorant take
lol I know it’s an unfair comparison anyway but 808 wouldn’t have been nearly as good without Cudi in the studio I know thatttt..ye would agree
808 was worse than yeezus
BS! hahahha whatever man.. you prob didn’t like dark fantasy then either lmao
MBDTF was kanyes best album
@TheMariD
My Yeezus heard my prayers
Well played

Give him a break. 
Lol 
@_cathymelly
Spooky
Even Kanye is listening
This kinda blew my mind

@qevrard90
Vas voir le tweet de @thibault21v enfoiré
T bizarre PK tu me lenvoies pas
Po l’temps lo
Air fills the cup but doesn’t make it full
I love Kanye West
You've lost it you
Yes tell em


Exactly. . Come over from the dark side. . A material world means nothing if you don't have Real Love. Real Love starts with loving others more than STUFF.. I'll keep You all in prayer. #MAGA 1000th%
@rachaelel15

"It ain't half empty or full, you can break the glass or drink it all. Dig it?" - @qotsa
but what if the cup is in a vacuum
Everyone retweeting this acting like it’s deep
Attitude is everything in life ..

let’s get this money

Did North point this out to you?
inspiring
DAD LIKES WATER
We surrounded by air, even if I'm hungry and broke ,
technically I'm full & rich of air.  enkosi Kanye.
What a goober lol
