please tweet #iCarlyToBrazil, we need your help to bring them to Brazil
Fight the real fight
WOW! Who knew? But you know what that mental breakthrough he had has given him the time to reflect on the world & he's come through great.
Trump should use Kanye as a spokesperson against the opioid epidemic. We've lost Prince & Michael Jackson to that as well. Well, MJ was murdered, but still...
This openness and honesty is what we need more of today.
Not this nigga again
I got a alternate video!! Follow me I follow back!
Rest of the full video here Follow me I follow back salute
Do see the TMZ guy just shut out everything Kanye was saying? This is part of the problem. People need to listen to both sides no matter how offended you are. You may find an opening to understanding or compromise by just paying attention. Praise the good, expose the bad.
member when slavery was a choice? 

I dont
It was the Republicans that fought for your freedom!
Last I checked it's not only Republicans that enlist in the military. NICE TRY DAWNIE LMAOOOO
You are an idiot, she is saying the Republicans fought to free the slaves, the democrats fought to keep slavery, dumb ass!
They think we idiots
You can be yourself around me.. I won't judge your nature.. it's who you are
address your slavery comment. Cause if you don’t you’re gonna lose the little bit of black fans that you still have.
@kanyewest sweetie wyd ?? That fan read you 
He was talkin bout mental slavery , mental prison, wath the whole thing for context, dont run with the soundbite
his exact words were “400 years, that sounds like a choice to me " I’m not trying to misquote him or anything. And what does mental slavery have to do with slavery. He should’ve thought before he said that statement
He was talking bout slave mentality
Yea no he wasn’t. He was talking about slavery. As in slavery slavery. Let’s not twist what we all heard
Right after that he clearly said 'mental slavery'. Stop
And your point? If I talk about exercise, and then I talk about mental exercises next, that doesn’t change that I was talking about exercise in the first place. What is said after does not change what was said before. You can have a seat if you would like
Tagging my tweets til goal reached. Need help for a working single mother of two experiencing kidney failure and car trouble reaching her treatments. RETWEET & DONATE
Rae's being released. Her life is at stake at this point. Her right kidney is at 65% and her car repair is needing a down payment. She missed a treatment because she couldn't get there and then the next day got worse. PLEASE RT and donate whatever you can.
…
What are you on now?
Dragon Energy.
Kids, don’t do drugs.
If that's a real Doctor the @AmerMedicalAssn should investigate this Twitter Doctor
Wow Kanye stepping out about opioid awareness! KEEP SPEAKING!
Is that all you took away from that interview ? Really..
I understand your point. Everything from this universe comes to us by choice and our vibration. We have no such things as victims. You tryna help people understand why things are happening because of our energy/vibration  but they to sleep to realize.
U really think slavery was a choice?   u should do your homework on slavery fore making ignorant comments
of course slavery is a choice. you are choosing to be a slave right now to your democrat slavemasters.
Everything we attract from fear comes to us 10 times more. If we focus on positivity then we will attract that more. The worlds vibration is messed us seriously.
CC: @ericbolling
As someone with #Fibromyalgia I was on opiates for 10+ years. Haven't taken pain pills in 5+ years and it's still a battle. Thank you for talking about this. #MAGA #QAnon
I have fibromyalgia too and I’m still on opiates ....how do you manage your pain ?
When I started walking last year it helped so much, it's really hard to take that first walk but it gets easier and makes me feel better allover. Stretching is a huge help, I'm lucky 2 have a pool, that's a huge help in the summer! Had 4 surgeries,none worked,chiropractor was 1.
2. Chiropractor was so much help, they have this spine stretcher, DX9000? Have to check for exact # but big, spinal decompression, stretching helps more than anything! Med. Marijuana helps but I can't take it or my ins co won't pay for.other meds I need, thyroid etc tbc
3. Sometimes an occasional prescription for valium helps because it's a muscle relaxer, I try not to take.anything I don't have to because stopping is a.nightmare! It turns out when I was on oxy 80mgs 3x/day my body was always going into detox.unless I took them constantly so tbc
4.suboxone helped till I weaned off, srry if this is out of order, I'm losing tweets I wrote u.Are you able to exercise or.walk?If you can also keep ur stress low it help a lot.I followed u if u 2 dm or tweet me,fibro sucks,it's also lonely,ppl don't get it,feel good! Praying 4 U
Have you ladies heard of Cryotherapy? It is amazing! I was on opiates for years due to fibromyalgia & arthritis due to reconstructive surgery after getting t-boned in a horrible car accident.
Lol ! I watch “Long Island Medium “ and she got cryotherapy....so it helps ? Is it hard to go through ?
@kanyewest I’m surprised you decided to get surgery after what happened to your mother. You have enough money to have your own chef and work with a personal trainer but you wanted the easy way. Sounds like a choice to me.
No kidding! Im sure he has a gym in his house.
It’s probably just for show/to say he has one...
Haha.. Good old hard work is out the window when you have money!
Help us to bring iCarly to Brazil using #iCarlyToBrazil NOW otherwise we'll sue you
nudees if you like this
who else would vote for Kanye ?
Can you never post anything ever again?? Thanks
Me walking into the Kanye West is over party.
Me walking into the quickest selling album of all time party
Hooked?  Seems like a choice to me. #youreanidiot
Yeah I mean the whole opioid mentality is wrong you know? It’s almost as if he chose to be addicted because he could’ve totally not been addicted. #freethought
I don’t think you understand how easily they grab you.
No bruh, I definitely understand. I’m pointing out his hypocrisy
Yea yea sry homie I didn’t mean to tag you
Why not exercise to lose weight ?

Yes.
If you want it you can get it on our store!
Kanye still has my love
Liposuction #wtf exercise and read some books with all of the time you have.  There are so many ways to learn things before you start spurting out ignorance. Slaves did have a choice to live or die. If they chose death you wouldn’t be here.
Well said!
Kanye, it’s great you got help & spoke out about your issue but demonizing opioids is playing right into what the media & government says. I’m sure you won’t see this but for everyone else, I kindly ask you to check this out.
As well as this. CDC *quietly* admitted illicit opioids were the issue & significantly inflated Rx opioid numbers but are still using the admitted conflated data.
If our govt & MSM reported the truth, they might start saving lives. Fake pills pressed from illicit fentanyl & then sold on the streets is killing people. These pills look very real. This is what Prince died from. Why does the govt continue to frame Rx opioids for ODs?
To make money. 
I'd also wager its to make it look like they're doing something about addiction. They put out lies so their misdirected policies appear to be tackling the issue. In the meantime, prescriptions continue to decline yet ODs continue to rise. Govt is harming many, helping no one
Really?! Lipo got you hooked?!?!
2 totaled ankles, fractured lumbar spine, fractured sternum, basically my left face & left jaw & all I want is green - guess you’ll talk anyone into believing you, even to get RXs
why on TMZ? And why not show how the brother working there ripped you a new one? Who cares about you getting hooked because of liposuction? People got real issues why they are hooked on pills... you have no grip on reality.
Hey Kanye I’m a 50 year old American and I have never listen to much of your music but thank you for having your own brain and speaking for yourself. #prettykool
slavery is a choice. you are choosing to be enslaved right now by following your democrat slavemasters. kanye left the plantation. when will yall?
For the sake of fairness, you should tweet the vid of the slave comment too, dude. You said some dangerous shit.

Much love.
He tweeted bc ppl are only focusing on slavery
Let them focus on both then. Emphasis on both.
I actually think this one is more important. Especially the part when he said he was prescribed medication that he only takes once a week. He is going to have dangerous mental break otw. All this other stuff is just the smoke before we see the actual fire
So many people don’t understand you and some are your close friends and family, BUT I do. It’s called thinking  without the BOX . You her people tell you to think outside the BOX but what they don’t tell you is you DONT need that BOX

It’s ok that’s your opinion right
it’s all love, auntie. We thinkin without boxes over here
Great 
U mean to tell me you got all the $ in the world for a trainer and a personal chef.... & u chose lipo. Come on g.

How is that funny?
Because it’s almost as if him becoming fat was a choice. You know, the fat mentality and stuff.

Are you somehow saying that getting liposuction (for cosmetic reasons and not for health reasons) is a normal recourse for someone who has the means to get healthy the old fashioned way(eating healthy and working out)?
He just got out of the hospital so it’s definitely the easier route than putting more stress on yourself after a mental breakdown.
Having an invasive and possibly dangerous operation where they force the fat out of your body is LESS dangerous than walking/working out which has been proven to have therapeutic effects? K
Your career is over...
Deal with it
You whose screen name is "live your life"  Pretty ironic, innit?
 fk the media
You claim free thought.
But, you, yourself admit to worrying about what people think so much you literally had them suck the fat out of your body.... not for health issues but for vanity sake ... where was the free thought there
Fool needs to re shape that wobbled  up head of his lol
Youre absolutely right slavery became a choice. As we celebrate the Haitian people  who did not make slavery a choice and revolted against the French in 1804 gaining their independence. Keep your head up brother you are a beacon of light for our people. #freethinkers
WHAT?
We still with you Bro. We know you trying ur hardest to communicate your plan. But explain the slavery thing bro.
Now this is honest!
Today I feel for Kim
I don't. She should've been taking care of her husband
Slavery was not a choice.
He's talking about mentally slavery, that's why he said blacks and whites
That’s AFTER he said 400 years of slavery was a choice. He literally said it. His words. Trying to clarify what someone said for themselves isn’t helping.
Watch the whole video. He clarified himself
Do you understand the fact that clarification does nothing? It’s like me saying “THE HOLOCAUST WAS A CHOICE” and then later on saying “well, like they chose to be shackled down mentally so like that’s what I meant” it’s meaningless and irrelevant
He literally said in the video he was talking about mental slavery. People love to manipulate his words
We’re glad you’re better Ye 
I wish TMZ never published that 
Well he posts private texts sooo he opened the door

I miss the old Kanye...
It wasn't just a breakdown I don't think. You should do some reading on Kundalini syndrome. Dragon energy is right.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kundalini 
You are standing up for your beliefs and going completely against the current. That current ain’t gonna take you down. It’s amazing and refreshing to hear someone that is so loved and respected worldwide that has the same thought process as me. You give back, we appreciate it
That's a choice, Kanye. Unlike slavery.
Oh good grief! He was talking about the choice of staying in your #MentalPrison &  NOT moving forward.
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Bruh, at this point, nobody cares about your personal problems. Now ain’t the time for that type of sympathy. Sorry.
Ye just not afraid of you mfs
 THAT'S what it is?
I was hooked on opioids for years. Never said anything as crazy as I heard today.
Who is that dude? And why is he talked abou? And uhm, he is still chubby even after the lipo?
I was wondering the same thing. His stomach is fat and his face is bloated.
And he looks very doughy.
We can all be free thinkers, but don’t throw common sense out the window because you’re thinking free...
Media wants us http://divided.It  doesn’t matter who is in the White House. They want us fighting each other instead of fighting them!Well said Kayne. Keep strong. You are about to experience how they treat Trump daily.Take your words,twist & create narrative/label about you
How did you break the habit? A lot of people in the Midwest in that situation.
I blame Kim
@probsnottbh
Damn, I hope you got all the help you needed and are better now.
Seems he did. Beat at their own game also.   I love it! Great example for a lot of things. 
Get hooked again.
You made me cry watching the gentleman from TMZ let you know “it was never a choice!” Your the one that’s RICH we are Kanye West Through the Fire! Ok
Liposuction on ye ears
Slavery happened which was unfortunate. But it could’ve ended. The things we fear or give our negative energy too we attract it much more because it’s a different vibration. The more we vibrate positively the more we end negative shit.
Trying so hard to be fake deep and a #freethinker.

Fight the power
Man I loved you bro, end this bullshit please
Ye is dynamic, not static. As we all should be
Difference between being dynamic and supporting harmful rhetoric
It's a good idea to be skeptical. Maybe something we once saw as harmful really isn't. It's at least worth examing.
Man the threat of that is real though. avicii killed himself. no shortage of miserable rich and famous, it cant be the source of happiness
Going to guess Kanye feels best when he is expressing himself (through his art/craft) and then with friends and family not dealing with the bullshit that comes with his status.
Seriously though. If Kanye can help one person with his speaking his truth 
I’m sure all the backlash would be worth it to him 

Love and Respect Kanye
@kanyewest  is from a single-parent home and he took a choice to pursue music because College wasn’t a fit for him and working in corporate America wasn’t a fit for him.  #freethought
There’s no cooning going on


.@kanyewest delivering a huge Red-Pill on both the over prescribing of Opioids and the Fake News media.

"We are controlled by the media, and today it all…
This was epic!  Gave me goosebumps! 
This shit actually really sad.
is this true king?
Kanye I want to tell you that I’m so proud and happy for you. I want you to know that there are millions of people that support you and you’re right, I hear everything you’re saying. And I’m so happy for you
https://www.facebook.com/OccupyDemocrats/posts/2063794887046888 …
You should apologize for saying slavery was a choice.
This is why I want to be a Psychologist instead of psychiatrist because although meds May help, taken alone without therapy only masks the problem because what’s really hurting the person is what is buried in their deep subconscious. This is such a huge topic of conversation.
For you to post this you are clearly not well Jesus fix it
That's awesome my brother, got away from it before it killed you. 
#hattilted 
Sure wished my son thought that way, he would be alive right now.
One of the best learning experiences there is, failure, makes you better and stronger. A place you don't go back to.
Bro... wut....
Sorry, just catching up on the news now. Why wouldn’t you just do cool sculpting?
This explains a lot I think...
http://www.tmz.com/2018/05/01/kanye-west-opioids-liposuction/ …

@kanyewest just hire me and I’ll explain to them about vibration and energy and how we attract everything by choice to ourselves and that there’s no such thing as a victim.  You tryna put the worlds vibration in a positive manner but they too sleep.
#DontPunishPain #opioidcrisis #SuicideDueToPain #Woundedveterans #Chronicpain #Chronicillness #PatientsNotAddicts #Opioidhysteria #FakeOpioidCrisis #WWG1WGA #AmericanMedicalGenocide #WarOnPainPatients #ForcedTappering #GreatAwakening #Cancer
Properly used opioids GIVE life.
Opioid abuse TAKES lives. Learn the difference. #opioidhysteria #opioidepidemic #waronpain #ChronicPain #chronicillness 
…
115 people die a day fromopiods. There has got to be a better way 
https://www.cdc.gov/drugoverdose/epidemic/index.html … 
I beg of you to watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta’s 
Weed 4: Pot vs Pills
The CDC isn't the agency to be quoting. They recently and very quietly admitted they got their numbers wrong. If someone ODs and multiple opioids are found in their system, each opioid is counted as an OD. One death could be counted several times. https://www.acsh.org/news/2018/03/19/cdc-quietly-admits-it-screwed-dishonestly-counting-pills-12717 …
By MORE than DOUBLE!!
I support you Kanye, I support Trump- but did you just say 400 years of black slavery sounded like a choice? Cause I don’t support that statement under any circumstances and don’t understand you saying that- it seems to go against everything you have always stood for? Confused 
I love what he’s doing, and also like Trump, but yeah this is straight not true. He’s right that some people have slave mentality, but the facts here are just incorrect. He needs to think freely, but no so freely that his brain falls out :P. All love for what he’s doing though!
I replied to you in the wrong bit  but I think you figured that out ha! 
Haha! Yeah it showed up in my feed anyway :)
Say anything else while you were there?
I heard he spoke about his love for Strom Thurmond.


And opioids damage neurons... irreversibly
Thats weird. I got hooked on liposuction after opioids.
this hurts me, i hope youre doing okay :(
To imply slaves were "docile" is just plain ignorant...a simple google search of "slave rebellions" would provide you with more knowledge than you seem to presently have...and this coming from a man who sampled strange fruit SMH
Do you not understand the significance of the song strange fruit to wxpose the southern lynchings to the rest of the country, the outcry to stop it that followed?  Way to call someone out for not knowing what you do not know.
You've missed the point was pointing out the hypocrisy. Why sample of song exposing the long (continuous) history of violence against black people to then say slavery was a choice. Lynchings were backlash from emancipation and cont. past the time the poem was written...
bye.
I appreciated your gifts as a musician but wasn't a big fan or anything. Now, I have a major respect for you and you're courage to disrupt the status quo and stand for truth and love. Praying for you! @kanyewest
What are you up too bruh


And people like @WendyWilliams that old haggard bag of bones whose apparently never looked in a mirror her entire life, literally the ugliest person, male or female, on TV rite now, making fun of his weight and the way he looks!
you are clearly hooked on something
This is not about Republican or Democrat 
This is about one man sharing his experience strength and hope 
Speaking his truth to the masses 

Fearlessly
Kanye I know you’re getting a lot of backlash right now but I absolutely understand where you’re coming from. Our ancestors made the CHOICE to sell our people as slaves. Some people also made the choice to remain slaves even after they were given the opportunity to be free.
Slaves had no property or rights when they were granted “freedom”. Most that stayed had nowhere to go, no currency, and really, still no actual other freedoms. So are you serious?
Yes I am serious! I was referring to the origination of slavery. If you sell your child for mirrors and gun powder then you’re just as responsible for whatever happens to him/her.
Why were you yelling?
All the love Ye, you're an inspiration and a champion for people trying to love better. Preach.
Never give up, never believe it’s over.
Look like you're still hooked. You need Jesus.
Kanye please go check into Rehab for a few years!
Sad is you saying slavery was a choice.

I predict you lose more followers.

But, Trump supporters will stay with you. Most of them are racist, too.
Keep preaching ye!!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Fmqlv6ofsU0 …
That’s all I need to say
Thank you Shasta! Great video which everyone should watch!
Thanks Shelley!  Thanks for watching and for leaving such a nice comment. It was unscripted. I just sat down and let it all out. Who would’ve known that yelling at a computer could be so much fun!
Did Kanye ever have prob w/alcohol? If so, he has a PREDISPOSITION for ADDICTION when given opioids! I DON'T KNOW if it's in his history. I'm SPECULATING. HE'S speaking out of turn against pain pts w/o that predisposition.
No disrespect & I am not a psychiatrist, but I was really concerned for his well being after seeing the videos yesterday. His speech was hard to follow and seemed random. That didn't look like an "opioid high" but it didn't seem collective. I couldn't follow...
Kanye's made statements for the conservative party lately, standing up against the usual entertainment left. His stance against the opioid issue disturbed me. Hence, I'd had concerns is he fell into the 7% side. If so, he needs help AND he shouldn't speak against pain patients.
As always, perfectly stated.
So tell your boy @realDonaldTrump to deschedule Marijuana and make medical MJ legal across the country! 
And to free Leonard Peltier!! 

I'm a slave for you... @KrisHumphries
I guess I don’t understand how one gets hooked on those things.
It can be addicting and @kanyewest bringing awareness to it is a good thing.
Maybe depends on the person...
Yes it does!  I spent most of 2012 in the hospital and when I was finally well, I craved the opioids/pain meds.  Having an amazing pcp during my aftercare is what helped me overcome it, by helping wean me off of it.

Lol hope the MAGA klan will buy your album.
I'm getting u one bro
Ha ha, you are shameless

Dear Microsoft

African names are not spelling errors.…
Stupid, made up names like Shaniqua absolutely are spelling mistakes. They're all kinds of other mistakes too, but you get my point.
If you take an opioid, as  prescribed,  by your doctor you wouldn't have this problem.   Addiction.

Love the honesty here.
I like how open minded you are. You’re not closed off to ideas, from anyone. I don’t agree with everything you believe, especially with regard to Trump. But I love how you listen to what someone has to say, you give it thought, take it in. That’s a very good quality.

Your not wrong you just worded it wrong 
You’re^
Before Trump walked down the stairs to announce he was running for POTUS, he looked at Don Jr and said, we will soon know who our real friends are. Sadly I think the same is coming for you Kanye. They can’t control you. You are speaking truth. So,now, they must destroy you.
Loved when u called @TMZ out for body shaming rob and so many others!
Fuck TMZ
Your nuttier than a fruit cake. Seek help
God bless you.  We are producing a show about the horrors of opiod addiction.  And God bless our President who has made fighting the opiod crisis one of his top priorities.
If you are producing a show, you may want to spell this correct:  Opioid.  And, please have someone on that can discuss what this crisis is doing to people on Pain Management Programs.  And how the people who lose their Pain Medicine now have a huge suicide rate.  Tell both sides
Actually, this is who is behind our show and our partner on it. He lost his daughter to an OPIOID overdose when she was just 18. He has dedicated his life to saving lives from this horrible addiction. 

PS. Thanks for the spell check!

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_A._Siegel …
Please don't refer to yourself or the POTUS as having "dragon energy". In the book of Revelation, Satan is referred to as "the dragon", at least 3 times. It makes Christians nervous that maybe you have an ulterior motive to your currant patriotism. I pray you are sincere.
Millions benefit from long term opioid therapy for debilitating pain. It allows them to work, raise families, go to school & engage in life. Contrary to what  MSM says, very few become addicted. Dependency happens but it's a no brainer tradeoff for quality of life. #ShareOurPain
Anyone have an extra time stone? i would love to go back before Kanye was on Twitter
Kanye music is my favorite so this week has been absolutely heartbreaking
Kanye, Brazil needs iCarly! use the hashtag #iCarlyToBrazil
Getting hooked on opioids is a choice.
Racist a bit
Lol how
Opioids have been historically detrimental to black communities. Heroin was specifically marketed/sold to blacks. Kanye is black.
Prescription painkillers have been detrimental to white families. Is saying that “prescription painkiller addiction is a choice” racist to white people?
I wouldn't say that. I think its racially insensitive because heroin was forced on blacks. Prescription pills are not specifically marketed to white people with the same malicious, racist motive.
Do you have a source for saying that heroin was “forced on blacks”? I’d love to see it, because that sounds like you’re taking agency away from black people.
Look it up.
Kanye please take care of yourself, mental illness and addiction, I...  
listening to anything Kanye says now is like
I hope @WendyWilliams sees this after body shaming you the other day Thank you for sharing your story!

Kardashian effect.
Kanye. They dont understand...MAKE THEM! It's up to you
@WillieDLIVE
People in pain cant get their essential medication d/t the stigma associated with legitimate prescriptions.
ACK! Didn't know liposuction was that painful. Thanks for the warning.
Elderly, Disabled Crime Victims, Disabled Veterans, Shooting Victims, & Rare Disease Sufferers have gained much mobility and a quality life through Opioid Medicine.

Some abuse it. But the Vast Majority benefit from it.
29 Million vs 16,000 Benefit:OD Ratio.
Heroin is the problem
Surgery is a choice slavery was not! HOW DARE YOU!
Damn that subliminal message is brutal 
If Kanye is getting lipo, then we KNOW Kim is 
Very brave for sharing - You can save so many lives by helping shed the stigma of addiction . Thank you !
Absolutely
Stay healthy, Ye. Chicago supports you
Surgical pain was an Acute Condition.Elderly, Disabled, Chronic Pain Patients w. Intractable Incurable Painful Diseases need these pain meds 2 treat painful diseases. We are not all drugged out.If u did not need opioids, don't take them; but do not blame Doc's who tried to help u
Of course he blames the doctor, just like so many others who kept taking opiates after they didn't need them anymore. I'm sure Kanye would have done something not very nice if the doctor had refused. It's a no win.
Congradulation. You will be known as the first Black White Nationalist in American History.
I’ve always been scared of opioids for this exact reason. I was given a script after two csections and oral surgery. All three times I didn’t take them because I was scared. Thank you for being honest about your situation. We need to understand that no one is above having this...
..problem. I wish you the best on your journey.
#BackToYou is out May 10th!
Keep it
I can see that. However I had a sister who was Bi-Polar and she acted just the way @kanyewest is. If he doesn't except it and fights it, he will not conquer it.
I hear you! He's in the manic phase and this won't end well unless he gets help
Yup, First step for @kanyewest is to admit there is a problem. Not just drugs. Somehow I think that is easier to say because it is a huge problem. Mental illness means there is something chemically wrong with his brain, but there is a drug that can help. Just have to take it.
@_trashe 
Crazy man.. everyone is getting addicted to opioids. Seems like they are some of the most addictive drugs out there. Prince died from them, others as well but he’s the first to come to mind. Mike Jackson?
“Opioid epidemic”
Out here it’s an opioid epidemic, these cats might as well be opioid academics.. YEE
Its not an Rx opioid problem. Its an illicit fentanyl, heroin & polypharmacy issue that's causing ODs. Our govt & MSM refuse to report the truth. 

Tobacco, obesity & alcohol EACH kill more than all illegal & Rx opioids combined yet there hasn't been a crisis declared for these
It’s unfortunate that when things make money the truth and health aspects get blurred and forgotten eh?
Aaaaaaayoooooo
Not gay
Bro All ima say young thug not the gayest rapper anymore
I can’t believe this is comin from you bro smh you disappointing me rn
Bro he disappointed me he got lipo gz wtf he talking bout been woke and couldn’t wake up to go to the gym smh
Couldn’t just hit the gym bruh?
Or just be a happy chubb!!!
Kim prolly made him 
Lmao you probably right #FreeKanye

Smfh jumping on that train?!
#DontPunishPain #opioidcrisis #SuicideDueToPain #Woundedveterans #Chronicpain #Chronicillness #PatientsNotAddicts #Opioidhysteria #FakeOpioidCrisis #WWG1WGA #AmericanMedicalGenocide #WarOnPainPatients #ForcedTappering #GreatAwakening #Cancer
whats the explanation for your current break down then???
A man of normal weight getting lipo. Glad to see the Kardashians are having such a good influence on you.
Free_thought_&_free emotions!! Thank you!
Thank you Kanye West for bringing free thinking,  free love and breaking out the choke hold that the US government and the media, entertainment for decades has placed us in. Thank you for being brave to speak out to continue MLK's agenda.
Kanye West we do not apologize for THE TRUTH! EVER. KEEP IT REAL!
You are right we have chose to be enslaved by drinking the Kool-aid that the Government Welfare System,  education system and the Judicial system has imprisoned US in. We are "free" in an enslaved "controlled " country. Fear rules this country.
Are you sure addiction isn't a choice too?
God bless Kanye!! 
The addiction of drugs ruined my life, marriage, family, & work. 
The damn doctors don't give a SHIT! They write them out like it's candy!!!
That's cool, Kanye. It's at epidemic levels. Glad you got unhooked and are doing ok.
Slavery isn’t a choice but buying your records is. Good luck on your road to the bottom.
You were suppose to buy shorty Tyco with ya money. Instead you went to the Doctor and got lipo with ya money... #Smh
Wow! Kanye! Bless you and you speaking your truth! My respect and love for you grows.
You tell em Kanye!!  Preach man!! For all peoples.
Love you Kanye 
