Take it in, nothing will last forever.
That's why when I take it in...I want it nice and slow so it can last longer.

I love Kanye best when he's not on Twitter!
NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU LOVE, SUCK SHIT AND DROP
Hey Perez go buy Entertainment by Waterparks on iTunes bye
LIZZ
PROMO


TELL HER U LOVE HER
cause look at GAGA shes the creative director of polaroid i like some of the GAGA songs but what the FUCK does she know about cameras
Beautiful daughter

She actually says that? You’re a worse parent/human than I thought...

Thats actually really cute
That’s actually really sad...
I tellmy daughters everyday I love them they always say dad we know u love us and I go know but ima still say it and show u I do til I die that’s my job your my life now we live for them then later they take care of us
- no she doesn’t 
I’m glad she is able to express her self
when my dog acts out she shits on my floor
@chloewilsonn_x swear she's like 4 dnt think he's bein truthful
she’s a kardashian west he probs is do u even know her mother 
Here tbh wouldn't surprise me if the bairn said at
exactly
u type fast af
HOW DO YOU TYPE SO FAST
If you wanna talk about that more
You know where to find me - JF
kanye it sounds like you’re getting played by a child
Don't lie man, come on she says stop rapping dad.
If she really did, that's sad. Shows you and Kim need to give the nannies a vacation, stay home, and actually spend time with your kids.
Maybe someone needs to tell you they love you? Lol
How did you tweet two tweets at once tf
On laptop and phone lmao
Twitter app lets you. See image.
chris benoit was framed
Nah.
Did she Kanye, or is she a three year old?
Do you have children? If so, slow down and listen to them. A three year old can absolutely articulate this and do so sincerely. @kanyewest is clearly acknowledging what most parents should when children act out.
Alesandro it was a sarcastic comment not the start of a debate....
You know what, you’re right. I came off a little hot in my response.
I can make an app for that
Im trying to get a job here alright
Is that why you’re ranting about making more than Jordan?
bro..... Eat a Snickers....cause when you're hungry you say foolish shit
Seems made up lmao
So true !
WOW...this is really, really happening. Scary and sad.
Malcolm X--------HATED the Democrats

Malcolm said that the Democrats exploit black people

Videos http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/4442102/1/ …
#SMART using her head to get your attention. #NorthWest #Genius
you know damn well she doesn’t say that
I think he’s saying he wants us to say we love him more. He’s acting out now to get our attention
Kids act out for attention and if you give them attention for doing good things, they will do more good things. If you don't give attention they will do bad thing to get the attention.
She’s actually just hungry
me....
Damn
Wait until she says I just want to hear how mommy got famous
Poor kid. Be a better father.
What does that mean? Ur a father trolling, take ur own advice 

Cool man best wishes to you and your family, all love my friend
Thanks  you too.
Tell your daughter you love her what the fuck
Me @WordanJilds
That’s a fact! Sometimes it seems, only the young and innocent speak truth! #SaveTheChildren #TruthMatters
Didn’t happen
Northieeee  
I'll take "things that never happened" for $500 Alex!
Awwwwwww omggg that is so honest and beautiful #iloveher #northie
Be a dad and get off Twitter then shitty
This must be the most intellectual 4 y/o on the planet.
#deep
Amazing how kids can change your hole life around. That is a love you can’t find anywhere else. Keep up the positivity.
I said the same thing when I got kicked out of boarding school.
You’re proud that your kid has to act out to get some attention from you?  Seriously?  #pathetic
“It’s a cry for love” -A Course in Miracles
She’s probably mad you support a racist pussygrabber.
@vydvng  omg 
That’s literally every female. That’s all we want
Sometimes it's knowing when to discipline and when to just give your child a big hug instead..I try giving my 3 year old a big hug when she acts out first..doesn't always work but it does 50% of the time..react with love first 
then ur failing as a parent
Haha @oldmanebro you his daughter too
That's super cute y'all are great parents!! They definitely came straight out you a Kim's butts
Do it then nigga
CHORANDOOOOOOO
We love you Kanye
I’m getting sick of your shit lad.
#BlackFathersMatter

My niece.
The only reason I act out too
@heyannakins it u

Ur such a great dad
I LOVE YOU MORE

KISS ME!!!
So that's what this means?
Beautiful words. Just wait till you are a grandparent! It only gets better!!! I’m love every moment with my grandson!
Typing sucks
Is that what you need? Yo, @kanyewest I love you. Take the Trump thing back.
when my dog acts out she actually shits on my floor afterwards
Kept*
She is your ture child and part of what has keep you evolving.
Daddy's North 
Is that what all this b.s. is? A backhanded, ugly way of trying to get people to tell you they love ya? Poor baby, Ye.
That is fucking bull shit no she never said that unless she was told to say it 
 dead. I think us girls all feel that way about someone we 

;(
That child didn’t say that.
I act out when I think of your 1st two albums and then I listen to the last one.

Shut up,Kanye. Jackass
using reverse psychology  is she?
AMEN!!! BRO!!!
mah heart... mah soul 
I want Kim.
@michaeljackson phrase- "I love you more" Keep stanning Kanye- and dawg make a new song with an MJ sample, we need this in our lives.

Since a child of *pre-school age* tells you that, perhaps that's your clue: You need to say "I love you" to her more.
This. Is. It.
No, no she doesn't. You're making this shit up now.
My heart
@laurajcoakley
I don't agree with what you do but 
I Love You bro.
((Don't Know How To Respond Once The Biggest Part Of You Is Gone))
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Awww.  That is so sweet!
I've been saying this for years... Enjoy the poem #love #poetry
Then you're not saying it often enough.
Is this what you’re doing
Hes trying to compare trump to his daughter telling y’all to express love for him more lmao
She’s a genius.

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
oh my heart.
Kim taught her well
@kanyewest you’re blessed my friend. If you just remembered this more.....
Sounds spoiled and manipulative. Like her mom and dad.
that's real dawg yho
that means stop the twitter rants and show her some attention...duh
@laurenweigh
Love Only..only love
@AbagailRudi
Precious!
but do you smile though?
You need Supernanny! 
That's fucking sad!  Says a lot on your parenting and your lack of showing love to your daughter.
@briannafeliza facts
I feel that though
Nailed it.  @johnkrasinski #AQuietPlace
Awww... That's sweet!
That's a true gemini!!
Uh, sad??
Cherish those moments.
We’ll say it more, absent dad, rather than writing bout it deadbeat millionaire, which u choose to be? The later I assume
Deepest tweet I ever read
Signs of good parenting right there
Thats healthy
Doubtful
Deadass if this was said by anybody but kanye I would tell them they lying
She manipulating you dummy.
We love love love love love love you Kanye. Now get back to your genius.
Nope when your daughter is acting out she looking for that get right
Or she's not acting out she's just telling you what a fruit cake u are mate
You know what,  I love you @oldmanebro is not your fault,  you do it for the money

Actions speak louder!
Wow
Ahhhh man I bet that gives you a feeling!!!! Awesome. 
Wtf, @kanyewest ? When did you grow up? I love this new you.
Don't we all. I mean not necessarily from you. I mean we wouldn't hate that but I 'm just saying....uhh never mind.
sweet!
ur daughter ain’t even potty trained how she reciting speeches already
I like when Howard stern plays the game who said it, beetlejuice or Kanye? Both are mentally ill
Awww I always say that to my sons. My youngest is 22 and STILL loves hearing that.
Doubt it.
I  North
Hit me up I am a creative like you
Which Daughter ???
The one that can talk
Well thats really sad
Sounds like her mom.
She is your child for certain then
stop paying so much attention to yourself and pay attention to your kids.
Just like Michael
reason 19292920 why I want a daughter

Is that what this is?
You’re teaching your daughter to act out to get love from you
The beginning of being like her mom and aunts. #Hoe
Do you tell her that Uncle Donald will someday grab her by the pussy?
Aww Northy
So true
Children are mirrors of us as parents sometimes. #ThroughMouthofBabes
Aaaaawww Northy 
About me @rgaguilera
Beautiful!  #MAGA

@KayneWest so cute..
No shit, #StableGenius.  Doesn’t require a PhD in child development for that one.

