When John West  retires from his tinned fish buisness will you take over?
You are this generation’s Bee Gees.
Jobs creates a device that helps my daughter with Cerebral Palsy communicate with me. There is nothing you will do in this lifetime that will come close to this type of contribution. @KimKardashian regulate this shit.
Flash. Pan.
I can see why @kanyewest & @realDonaldTrump like each other so much - both are delusional narcissists!
Stfuuuuup
I’m sure those guys knew how to use an apostrophe correctly tbh. You’re a tool.
I think you mean comma.
Nope. I meant apostrophe. But yeah, it needs commas, also. http://www.brainboxx.co.uk/a3_aspects/pages/punct_possess.htm …
You’re an absolute weapon 
So you don't get to dub yourself anything it's others who reward you with the title and compliments of your efforts. You need to listen to Kendrick lamars song maybe you've heard of it: SIT DOWN BE HUMBLE
This generations dumb luck
You are akin to a trash can  at Disney. People use you when needed and you think you are important, but nobody comes to a Disney park waiting in line for a trash can.
You are this generations assh*le!
Literally never invented anything, but ok.
You're an entertainer.

That's all.

for the record y'all,  he need not add a comma.  When you have three different names do u put a comma?  Be sure you are right yourself before you castigate someone else.
You are ALL generations’ shit. Literally.



We liked it better when you were quiet
Im with topnotch. Is there a way i can block retweets of him. So full of hisself. Its like he took inspirational quotes tryed to add himself to them and said hey i can come back to twitter.
Kanye you can’t be all four at once
He can be anything he want to be
So you’re telling me he can EFFICIENTLY and EFFECTIVELY be all four for this generation? Maybe one at a time, boo.
I don't see why not sweetie  the man keep surprising y'all
Gods are full of surprises, humans try to mimic
Lol Kanye you just talked yesterday about getting rid of ego, now this haha
This isn't ego, this is conviction
Saying “ I am”is in reference to ones ego, and when compared to names of that kind of notoriety is definitely narcissism at its finest.
Were you even alive when College Dropout dropped?
Why does that matter?
Dude they were like massive antisemites
Ok but I can drive my car while watching Moana on my iPhone
Yes cause Henry ford invented the car, and Walt Disney invented Moana. Jobs was cool no beef with him
Glad we’re on the same page
If you repeat something enough you can get people to believe anything 
You forgot Zuckerberg
Not if u have to tell everyone
How many times did you hear Jobs say,  "I'm this generations Ford!".

Never. He never had to, his work spoke for itself. Kanye has no work, so he speaks. A LOT.
yea and all but one lost their damn mind. right in line, friend.
SHUT THE HELL UP! That TWEET proves you are unstable! Disney, Jobs and Hughes changed the world. You sir, aren’t even close. Go get some help!
I mean, you really aren’t. No true great has to insert themself into the list of greats. It’s done on their behalf. It’s unattractive
No, that's @elonmusk.
never knowingly oversold
I like it that you and some others are finally sticking up for yourselves in the right way. You are American just like the rest of us and are moving forward and are not stuck in ages past. Thanks be to you for your brain.

Which generation yours? Time right now has 4 generations. I am Millennial. So please don’t speak for me...we will choose who shaped our generation... who effected us so greatly....don’t make our choice for us...put words in our mouth...
Wasn't Jobs this generation's Jobs? If anything you're more like this generation's Don Quixote.
Nah, President Obama had it right.

boi if u don’t get

Great gif but he the 
LBK he was mate but now??
Forever and always mate

#NowListening reminds me of you and @TheDougsterr
Nearys business studies, not taking in a thing he was saying haha
Better than that nonce next door to him
Someone lied to you 
Kanye seems to have a quirky sense of humor or it could be he is just so mistaken.
No you’re not.
Or you can just be Kanye.
This nigga tripping
Ok u better chill
And what industry have you re-invented?
But to black People specifically, you our freedom.
No doubt.
no
Only ford could live in the real world and he sold trucks to both sides . I am informed. Then again what's so good about the real world. Its still here for one.
hughes was a failure who inherited his dads company and blew it up and failed in every venture
Hardly.


What are you on??
In yo own mind.
Truly More like this generations bozo the clown 
That's not a real person, Kanye.
Get some help, you are having delusions of grandeur.
No.
Try using an Oxford comma.
Kim get your man please
 The world really is ending
Einstein
k
If your them ,..so who's this generations Kanye
Damn, I miss the old Kanye.

Doubt it
Delusional much? No wonder you like Trump. So you think a lying con artist is a good man and you admire him?
Ummmm...that's a big NOPE!!!
I'm convinced,  this is not Kanye twitting all this ish.
Kanye can't even be Kanye!

This generations Jobs is Jobs
Go back to your insane asylum
no you’re not
@kanyewest it’s no surprise you like Trump. You’re just as mentally deranged and egotistical. You have no humility whatsoever. No truly great artist compares themselves to other innovators. Maybe you should take @kendricklamar’s advice and #BeHumble and not a narcissist.
@BanaKhatib_1  
I think Jobs is the Jobs of this generation. You rap (sorta) dude.
One of the lesser known Disney Brothers but still a classic.
You are a fad that will hopefully soon go away
You ain't @drdre though 
LMFAO
your bigger then Donald Duck
How???
just be yourself dude. smh
no
Uthini lomjida
You need some new friends coz the ones you have really don't love you for letting you play yourself like this.
Na man.  You're not. You know why?  The truly great are declared by others, not themselves.
Although they probably knew how to correctly use a comma...
Go take your white tee wearing sweatshirt looking dirty all the time sweaty heat whatz goinz onz in hezz looking
nah man you're like popcorne. we eat you when we're bored.
In your dreams pre school
Clothing line no music sunken place acrobat
not at all
I remember when me and my bro used to battle who could rap all the words to Homecoming... miss that music
Lol
Someone take kanyes phone away please .
@cadyyythiess prophet

Uh, no you're not.
Why even interact with this fool?
STEVE JOBS IS     D E A D
I’m pretty sure Mark Zuckerberg got you beat bro
I don’t know what shit you guys are smoking in the But I want it
this tweet was meant for @elonmusk . sorry elon.
Ur ok
We just want you to be this generations Kanye

Not really.

Nike was right lol and you’re still not over it. Like trump with Hillary. You guys lie to yourselves and make up whatever you have to to get through the minute. SAD!
And modest, too....
Who?
You are this generation's Clayton Bigsby

at least two people on this list really hated Jews....
Ye makes me laugh 
Yes Kanye West, you are those.
You’re sadly delusional. Get help.

@NotChoco
not even close lol
Ditto
Who is that
Com on man I didn’t re tweet this @kevis2cool
U should provide evidence before making such rash statements--otherwise U will only lose the audience--which needless to say is necessary to your own success

I just need to laugh. I don’t know about Ford, Hughes, Jobs and Disney but your humor is getting close to Kauffman
Don’t compare yourself to Walt Disney

Bye deadass i am going to sleep lmao
lol, no.
You want to be white so bad
Thats not a good thing. Jobs and Disney were human garbage. Barely human.

You love this attention. I get it. Let’s ask what Twalib Kwali, Common, Nas and Mos Def think. You aren’t a thought leader. You just thought you were.
I’m sorry Kanye. You made me do this
I just realized i wasn’t following him in the first place. Traaaaaaaagic
That’s just not true. You’re a joke.
Dude chill. You barely dis generations Kayne West 
You are not bigger than the Lord you better watch yourself stay humble cause The Lord will knock you off that  high horse to get your attention you better stop playing with him
Miskin,
not really
*were*
Stop with the "I am God" stuff. Scary!!!!!  Therapy and meds help though
The goyim know
Pls calm down
The only thing you created was Amber rose fam. You are basically the kool g rap of your era.
Combined or?
In the sense that you seem to be pursuing all their ideological pathologies this seems legit.
That's a hot take
Go back to #Silence pleez-y!
Your truly Woke my Friend, wait till we meet.
Easy yeezee! Get a grip, now you're losing it
Except for you're not
Please go  to staying off social media.... The world was ever so slightly, a little less of a delusional place before you climbed out of your   hole recently!
That goes to @elonmusk

Henry Ford commissioned a book. You should read it
Damn...confidence or craziness
@iancomplains_
Yea right
No. You are clearly not. You are, however, possibly losing your tenuous grip on reality.
No.
LMAO

fuck up some commas
Ahhh the classic

Yet still nothing as significant as the first car, plane, computer, or Mickey Mouse. Just you and your big mouth, that I as a fan had to stick up for you about for over 10 years.
Hubris
Whatever relax bru
Man you need help.
Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Michael Phelps
i'm this generation's Jesus
Those men were innovators, you sell shoes.

I’m Henry Ford Bro...just wanna make that clear...I’m from the actual city of the first assembly line went to HS right next to it #HP100Years
Ugh
You keep thinking that man!  The thing that you are STILL most famous for is the guy who stole the mic from @taylorswift13 and the man who married @KimKardashian.
You are not Ford in any way. And I doubt very much you would want to be if you knew any better. But, if you can turn half the black people away from the Democrats that would be an unexpected achievement.
