
LMFAOOO    this is us reading his rants
These are not rants 
make sure ya iPhone X battery doesn't die halfway through the day. check out the best battery cases for you to choose from.
LOL what
1st retweet!!!
Damnit said that for me too lol
Damn. So we aren’t special
I’ll see you brothas on YEEZY Force One!
That’s right!!
I think those "zig zag thoughts" have hit me pretty hard...
Damn
zig zag thoughts is what this tweetstorm should be named
I dunno bro...tough to beat DRAGON ENERGY!! 
This new way of approaching politics is a movement. Thank you Ye for restoring balance to the force.
I'm seriously starting to think Donald Trump paid Kanye to reactivate his twitter and tweet weird shit, to distract us from the Russia Investigation.
When you act out of fear, you focus on negative results, negative potentials, and spend a lot of mental energy on how to avoid those things. When operating out of love, everything is organic. It flows. It jumps. Zigs and zags. And it takes you to new places.



I'm a tell you like George Bush told me
Fuck yall niggas I'm outta here

I remember this Kanye more than anything
Kanye please chill.
There's medication for that!
pretty sure his mother in law has special pills for his ass, since he's messing with her empire.
I was sad when Kanye told candace owen that he liked the way she thinks.
REALLY KANYE???
She hates LGBTQ people &  she thinks Tamir Rice deserved to die.
@RealCandaceO is foul
You're a fucking idiot

This is what happens when the drugs wear off. Just Say No
Hit us with this
Question for @OfficialCBC
@NAACP and Black America, how did our people make it through slavery with our families intact, but as soon as we started voting for the Democrats our families and communities all failed to pieces?
Kanye i think you would love linear algebra


What u on!!!
kanye trump 2020
ᵃʰʰᶦᵍˡʰʰ
Omg shall we invite him to the club
Could be 3 Kanye 

There’s no strategy without tactics


That’s gotta be a bar
Have you ever had gravy with a fish supper?
@LMarin_74 zig zag thoughts man
Okay I’ve never heard zig zag thoughts but still not that deep

Kanye, stop doing cocaine and twitting
But we are CLEAR that Trump used people's fear to win an election for an office he was completely unqualified for.....right?
You are inspiring millions of people to take a stand, think for themselves, and I respect that immensely. 

I hear most of your thoughts R "Zig Zag" 
His album gonna be for lunatics 
Leave in the dust like

you've got too much time on your hands!
ur mad
No strategy for my campaign HIRE Stash for Yeezy NYC offices 2019.

Kanye has us all on strings
Collab with jaden
just drop the music with trav please
Translation: Bitcoin will reach 50k by 2019.

Serpentine
@SRELeroux

@mmmaddie this is good advice prior to going shark diving. Aiming to be physically intact! #helpmadhurinotgeteaten
@Tay_Watts
I forgot you are trying to sell a book of your thinking. HINT: Trump supporters aren’t voracious readers. And the rest of us think you need help.
Yeah. You’re uh...really giving it to em.
Still piece-wise linear
Fear takes strategy for breakfast
Dear Black Muslim Women of America, what about the Black Muslims girls from Africa that's being sold as sex slaves? 
Go march and protest about that or shut up please.
@lsarsour 
@OfficialCBC 
@MWC_Bradford
Ok Kanye

We had this tweet analysed, it reads like the ramblings of a drugged horse
@atahottie divergent thinking 
Come guy make sense I think you are on competing medications
Although nobody should be attacked for their opinions, I'm glad that you are getting to learn, first hand, that it's not YOU the left likes, but that you support them. The moment you use Wrong-think, they will try to destroy you.
Kanye, you have zero commentary worth noting. Take your diatribe elsewhere. You are henceforth banned from my feed.
kanye what the fuck does this mean
The fortune cookies at this joint suck.
So about Trump....
Are you okay?
https://soundcloud.com/lordluminous/triple-h …

Curious fam.....
How many times has twitter asked you, Are you a robot ?
YES 
I need a fat bag and some zig zag thoughts. Hit me
I'm here
is this a verse
Go to sleep
This is what happens when you tweet high AF
leaks bois
THEY NOT HEARING U YE! https://soundcloud.com/keistt/sets/epiphany …
Lol krazy

Bro what
why U typin Like     This
Scope !!  @777maphage7
...This looks like a cocaine tweet
So you like Kanye quotes or nah...? @whitcking
do his ghost writers also write his tweets?!?


all is Now..........feel the LOVE in the NOW
This reminds me of a bi-polar person’s ramble...
Never in my adult years would the words of one @kanyewest have captured resounding property! That's a business man! (AKA, one who means business).
The real aint dismissing u BRUH WE SUPPORT YOU KEEP SPEAKING UP FOR THE TRUE INDEPENDENT BLK PPL WHO DON'T FOLLOW OUTDATED TRADITIONS N TRICKERY

@laurajcoakley
Umm what
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
“Zig Zag Thoughts” eh. Word, you got it.
Im14andthisisdeep
He who speaks much, says nothing.
I completely understand. The enlightened understand your frequencies. Keep talking! Louder! Give zero fucks! Ever!
You have so much to give, you should probably write a book

Its a process
I heard SNAKES cant move in a zig zag pattern...
When the world goes zig, you zag it
That's real Edward deBono 'Six Thinking Hats' stuff...
I LOVE YOU

Hey @kanyewest kany, it's called dialectics
Zig zag thoughts! Love it!
whomever you buy weed off Trump wants to put in jail. your mentally ill
@codyko @thenoelmiller this some shit russ would say
Ok #YeezyDebono back to my Mechanism Of Mind
Okaay....
Make an album with those zig zag thoughts sir
Dude get off twitter, or else u on the way to become a joke of days gone bye, ur genius ain’t showing bro
Zig zag thoughts magic lyrics appear to em... out of no where @CurrenSy_Spitta
U r amazing
Preach
I hope your talking papers
I am @kanyewest  I am @RealCandaceO   I am @jordanbpeterson  and I am @ggreenwald  I don't drink the Kool-Aid.

Cc @elizabethmunch
I can only assume Kanye would like us realize that zigzag persistent homology is the wave of the future....
Love you always!!!
i dig.
HA
Read Thomas Sowell Books! Or watch Thomas Sowell You Tube videos. But READ Thomas Sowell' s books. Thomas Sowell look him up Thomas Sowell one of the greatest minds of our time who happens to be black..
If u use zig zag go nonlinear, ya think?
Oro e ti su mi 

https://soundcloud.com/wmvosse/bless-upwolf …
I have a song called Zig Zag, let me play it for you Ye.
Upward spiral. RT @kanyewest: fear takes strategy   Unlearn linear thinking   Hit you with these zig zag thoughts

Off your meds?
This is so pretentious. Are you on bath salts?
Hmmm ok and when women are abused is that part of the zig and the zag or what @KimKardashian maybe you can answer trying to understand why it’s ok for a misogynist to continue representing America
Don’t let the sunken place pull us all under, this is a ploy, DO NOT BUY WHATEVER WEAK SHIT THIS LOSER TRIES TO PASS OFF AS AN ALBUM !!!!
Indeed I fear your zig zag thoughts.
mans out here zooomin on the tweets i feel that
Lmaoooo this tweet got me confused
@KayleeWenderoth
I want to be on your team.
5%
Shut up.
#zigzagthoughts
Say it ain't so Kanye SmH
Ye the GOAT
I'm sure these thoughts are coming from good weed in the zig zag 
honestly I don’t know what to think anymore about anything
Deep
Definitely can't do linear, but yall should go check out #HiddenGemsProject produced by me. http://Www.youtube.com/primitivesoundlab …
#kanye #kanywest
For real though I feel like @kanyewest and @austinkleon need to get in a room together and make some things. I just want to overhear that conversation.
fear takes strategy   Unlearn linear thinking   Hit you with these zig zag thoughts
DIVERGENT THINKING WINS
Thank you.  Absolute true.
I’m the Einstein of zig zag thinking
Great Quotes will be spread with your name beyond. I'm happy you got that wise and developed a free mind besides the cage you were tamed in and held captive. Glad you freed yourself. Have a good life Kanye. Blessings from Austria, we witness.

Bravo
unthink
You need a nap
Look into independent artists like myself. Nothing can replace a good melody Kanye. Not a beat alone makes a great song. Capisch?
Liberals of America, no matter what you say or do, marriage is between one man and one woman. God does not recognize two men or two women. But, you have the right here in America to marry whom you please. Just don't expect God to except perversion, because He wont.
You seem like the kind of guy who trolls public bathrooms for gay sex.
Ah I remember my first time listening to Lateralus also
Really really really really really important question. What novels do you read?
@itsmarquez
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/
@Used2Dunk
ok. thats easy for me.  White Jesus Casts Purple Hypnosis

Thats Game. Wanna talk to your Dad?  Yo son what up?  I own iT. I will iT.  Dont make me beat the black off you and toss you back down there lookin like white Jesus.  I got your Unlinear timelol
thats how I already know all the watches are broken. i dont do that whiteman bs science stuff and fake news fake jew fake time. sorry. i just dont
Muhfucka got boomerangs from wherever.
Linear time represent accumulation of knowledge which is the apple. dont eat the apple muhfuckas. boom. Got EeeEem.  Whos in this photo
you already know who wrote all the bangers

I dont thin they understand what type of event this is (check em watcheslol)  iTs whiteman o clocklol
told you them watches dont work right. something wrong with them. every 1 of em. I dunno. Im Socrates

Jay Z be springing trap cards at white Jesus.  Somebody tell him cut that shit out. i dunno wtf kool aid he drinkin on

3
Not a Fan of Kanye, but clearly he is correct on this issue.

yeezy is back with them bars
Aka 4D chess. @realDonaldTrump the master! #maga #kag
Wait, zig zag? have u seen me coming back from my mailbox in a zig zag pattern when a helicopter is flying low?
Look I appreciate your views and trying to make a difference for the best it's sad the people are being so ignorant.. at least your keeping it real!! F what the media trying to make this into a bad thing people need to support you better on this subject #openmind is the key
Erratic rants, zig zag thoughts...tomato, tomat-o

Your gif was the. !
You should go back to Twitter silence.
Always market place for love.


yes kanye
That's what makes you and @realDonaldTrump similar,  neither of you are linear thinkers, you both operate outside the box and its pretty damn refreshing! #Love
Real talk.... Blahahahaha!
Yes! I'd be just as rich as you if I had a dollar for every time some1 told me I'm "going off on tangents "

Linear thinking takes zig zag. Unlearn fear.  Fear you with these strategy.  Thoughts.
