Remove Kanye from your music library.
Remove Perez lol
Amen!!!! And add Kanye to your music library #WWG1WGA #TrustThePlan #Qanon
Remove the PIG #Dotard!
Remove Normies

Honestly, I feel like I'm doing the opposite of what Kanye has been saying by posting this. I'm steegthening the divide. 

@dillymackey I love you
You are acheving gr8ness at a new level! Praying for you daily
Amen! The attacks from the great deceiver through the brainwashed masses is fierce but in the end God wins this war and so will Kanye. 
TRUE
Yoour brother.
Your life is sad

Like this tweet if Kim should take Kanye's phone away
S᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌pec᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌ial g᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌ift ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌for ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌my ᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌fa᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌ns!᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
https://keylife.us/wp/lp/cards?kanye …᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌23214᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌Enjoy᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌᠌
Remove your twitter
Remove yours first
Fanboy lolololol
fhlkfjsjfsljfa
The Kanye worshipping ones are mad cuz he’s losing followers like there’s no tomorrow
Really? He was at 27.1m how ges at 28.8m. L
No he wasn’t 
Yes, yes he was
I Am Worried That You Don’t “Really” Love Me, Since You Don’t Follow Me On Twitter!
hit that follow Kanye

remove kebab
Remove Support
Man... I’m worried about YOU
No, you’re just worried that you have no choice but to accept his opinion and view of the world. He’s fine. He has a beautiful wife and family to worry about him. Be calm & #MAGA
thanks kanye I was wondering why my desktop was so cluttered
Remove all Fortnignt players and Palace fans from planet Earth.
finally a sensible person
wow thanks all my worries are suddenly gone!
THIS IS PROBABLY THE CLOSEST WE’LL EVER COME TO KANYE TWEETING HAKUNA MATATA
deutsch übersetzung: beseitige sorge
Got your Back Bro, dont feed the fuel brother, I know its hard, but fuck fame man, you broke the odds, enjoy life drama free bro, you picked up the phone for me 2002 Christmas Day, i respected that forever! Life is love fam, dont get tricked, Chi Love.


Yes yes!! We love the positive thoughts that you share!! Thank you @kanyewest 
Noted

positive vibes, real bars, dragon energy 

You mean Medicaid? That the middle class working people had to pay for?  Omomasscare was such a joke.
As an EMT, do you stop saving a life when you find out they have no insurance? Asking because as a medical student, I’m learning how to heal people regardless of how they can pay.
That's terrifying to think someone like that has a job in health care.

gimme some money fam.
Yeezy Season 2018

Di di di bopp.
I just took another drop.
Trippity trop, hip hop.
Is this some code asking to have an intervention and be forced into rehab or wut's up?

How original. Mine is better...


I can’t brother
Woke af.
Ikr, i dont get how people can get mad over kanye expressing himself n spreading love
Kanye you my hero. I respect your bravery.
I’m dead !!! 
First reaction listening to “Ye vs The People” by @kanyewest & @Tip 
…
You have NOTHING TO FEAR if your heart is, fixed, trusting in the Lord.
God, Family, Country.
Why do crazy christian zealots always have weird political shit in their bios? As if blindly following one ideology wasn't enough. Tying whatever god you believe in to nationalism died centuries ago
That's an awful bunch of assumptions. Blindly? Negative. My faith has not been question by me since the first time a leftist shot at me. 

The real question is, why are you defending a failed ideology?
Crazy that you sit here and bash Christians and call them zealots for no rhyme or reason.  

The real sad thing is that I don't even necessarily believe in a "religion" but that doesn't mean their isn't something greater giving direction and meaning to the event unfolding.

Hater
I don't have anything against Christianity, but you cannot possibly follow the teachings of Jesus and support trump at the same time. Just think how Jesus would react if he were there today.
He flipped over a table in the temple. I'm fairly sure he's not on the side of the swamp.
Yes. I'm sure he's also not on the side of a man who wants to ban Muslims, has had a history of cheating, dozens of rape allegations, wants to refuse geniune refugees and lower taxes on the super rich at the expense of the poorest.
wow it worked thanks kanye
Oh shit, wow, that was easy. I’m glad you said something.
Tell your truth, Ye.
aye yo ye you need a a Glo Gang shirt
I did
Ok
Did that 10 years ago.  Went off the grid  The election 0f 2016 and the #QAnon movement brought me back https://teespring.com/wwg1wga-the-great-awakening … I have a huge red pill if you are interested in taking it...Asking for a friend  This truth will take you to a new level of existence.
Steph Curry
We are so misguided ...In 1852,  Stowe published an anti – slavery novel called “Uncle Tom’s Cabin.”After Tom was sold,  That doesn’t happen because Tom dies from a really bad whipping. Tom gets whipped because he didn’t want to tell on two slaves that ran away from the house.
Michael said history books were wrong. I miss him. Not a #pedofile. It is next. Cnn morning. Cosby is innocent. #ME TOO SH----t. No swears. Loveee the sea. Asleep.
if only it were that easy Ye 

Remove Trump
““Come to Me, all who are weary and heavily burdened [by religious rituals that provide no peace], and I will give you rest [refreshing your souls with salvation].
MATTHEW 11:28-30 AMP
Love u Kanye
Lmfaooooo bitch he needs to pay my bills then I’ll remove my worry





become good
•HOW TO GROW ON FT FAST•

Like this tweet and follow everyone who likes this tweet and you will instantly gain followers. 

Trust me.

Checking to see if anyone actually reads this...Like if you love bread
Way ahead of you. Top lobsters don’t worry, we see a problem, we fix the problem.
“The secret of #success in #life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.”-Benjamin Disraeli. #quote
“Let the peace of Christ [the inner calm of one who walks daily with Him] be the controlling factor in your hearts [deciding and settling questions that arise]. To this peace indeed you were called as members in one body [of believers]. And be thankful [to God always].”
COLOSS315
Bible boi speaks tha truth! :D
Bible boi, bible boi, always bout his Bible, boooooooi!
Go to sleep
But I like Jeff Rosenstock
All these people that are telling you that you’re crazy ignore them. You are one of my favorite artists, and your trying to impact the world and people are calling you crazy for something their to scared to do. Keep going Kanye. Like if you agree.
“Peace I leave with you; My [perfect] peace I give to you; not as the world gives do I give to you. Do not let your heart be troubled, nor let it be afraid. [Let My perfect peace calm you in every circumstance and give you courage and strength for every challenge.]”
JOHN 14:27
why do you want to remove @jeffrosenstock's best album from his discography
I’m worried for you though
That album a classic though yeezy
If you're talking about Jeff Rosenstock, then you're fucking amazing
Of course i am my dude

Way easier said than done but ok
Actually its not.  Don't sweat the small stuff and in time the big stuff becomes more manageable eliminating much worry.  Not sure you can get rid of it all but you can eliminate most.
The majority of things are easier said than done, that's just simple.
Its only easier said than done if you make the problem bigger than it is.  No such thing as a complex problem in real life.  It mostly just a bunch of small problems put together and we get overwhelmed.  Break any problem down to its simplest components and solve.
Easy when you’re a billionaire Kanye.    Haha.  But, I hear ya.  When I stress, I read my Bible.  Not for everyone,  but to me, it helps.  

Stay positive
Can you recommend a passage of the Bible for me to read as I have never read it.
Once you get a real account, sure
Add crypto
Bcash
Btrash
yeah but that recent debate, Ver was so much more prepared and a better debater than Sam
I agree with you 100%. Although the babies rhetoric was overblown, Roger obviously had very consistent talking points.

For example, Bitcoin core is slow, unreliable, and expensive
"Bitcoin *core*" ...  

it's just "Bitcoin"
Steeve ain't worried about NUTHIN 
-Steeve

I didn’t think it was possible for someone in your place to be a free thinker. Impressive.
Kanye do you have an address for fan mail? I just wanna thank you in a way I know will get to you
Remove fear the we can change America
I don't do it for the airplay 
Dare I say
I care for the words
& how they lay
In the cut
Like birds on a wire
Say what?
I'm a frequent flier...
#npm #crazyeights 
#lofty
On October 28, 2017 someone calling themselves Q began posting on a /pol/ thread titled “Calm Before the Storm”. It sparked "The Great Awakening" that will forever change history & our future. @realDonaldTrump @TrumpQAnon @POTUS @kanyewest @therealroseanne
Please help me remove worry by not supporting trump and researching what it means to be a trump supporter (conservative crazy person). You’re better than this. RESEARCH. YOU ARE BRILLIANT. Please wake up Mr. West.

Can I have a pair of Yeezy’s Omare?
Me too
If you could pay off my student loans that would be great
Bruh I would if I could
I see you are also a man of culture.

It’s hard when Trump is Pres
how sensei ¿
Bro that song was trash and now we gotta throw hand you and @smokepurpp gotta catch my fade no lie
Even though you won’t see this shit...We can’t remove worry when you’re a black man walking down the fucking street. Idk if you’re doing some shit on the low to help US, but man you better be at this point. Garvey, X, Jimi, Tosh, you’re a great 
Awana asan nia.
My first single..Let's work....

https://open.spotify.com/track/2Rwl8AfYQIryrnMnM3MFkF?si=kgHWKcUnTd2jH32HybcKaA …  
Never give up .work

#FREE #nowplaying #spotify #Spinrilla #Mixtape #newmusic   #SupportSmallStreamers #twitter #SoundCloud #youtube #PlaylistLive #work #Jobs 
#dedication #Motivation
Do this, don’t do that.
Think this, don’t think that. 
Out in force in response to your tweets. 
Why can’t people let others just be themselves? 
Why’s that so threatening?
Wow, why didn’t I think of this sooner? Thank you King Kanye, God of the easily manipulated and confused. What would we do without your endless tweets of wisdom?
You’re not the messiah Kanye, you’re a very naughty boy!!!
Kanye I love you. your not crazy! You are enlightened.
Kanye you have to forgive yourself 
You didn’t do anything wrong 
Ma loves you and she watches over you 
You have to let it go and be happy.
Get outt your head, it’s not about the money! It’s not your fault.
Gotta wake up in six hours Ye
Idk what all this remove your Twitter is about..... But make more music man im tryna jam to you brother #DirectionalRapper(because your last name is West and you lead the way)
Yeezy with the big house did it way different
I finally understand where the IAm God really is. If the trinity resides inside me therefore IAm that IAm a God. But not the creator. @kanyewest
An artist not afraid to tell the truth. Thank You @kanyewest
@kanyewest just to correct my last reply.. Fear gives way to worrying.  I’m not on some choosing side sh.. maybe we are just at a sunken place as society.
Let me hold 100k and it’s done
Why don't people understand "E Pluribus Unam" "From many ONE" United not divided? You have the voice @kanyewest  I know this is mostly white kids in the video, but,  Please share
THINK [OUTSIDE OF THE BOX]
Once you've had that spiritual awakening that the Vail is removed
Wanna collab?
Remove kebab
Tell that to my anxiety disorder PUH-LEAZ

“Cast your burden on the LORD, And He shall sustain you; He shall never permit the righteous to be moved.”
Psalms 55:22 http://bible.com/114/psa.55.22.nkjv …
That's easy to say...

how

So what you can for the black communities even when they themselves comes out against you history will not only be kind to you but it will write your name in the heavens. I do not advocate blind commitment but rather strategic voting that will benefit the community for progress

With dragon energy
Aaaaand removed. Thanks Ye.
Yeezy taught me
How
“Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God; and the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
Phil. 4:4-9
Listen.... anyways, yo guys, get a bro to 400 subscribers please! I’ll appreciate it 
Think freely~
Not when you sold $AE at $3.71
Can you stop being an internet troll I cannot
this is a very privileged thing to say. some people can’t just remove worry as their worries = their health, life, finances, housing, shelter, stability
Stay strong, brother. 
Agreed 
Do we look worried? @mdegregorio18
Never worried
I could if I had your millions 
Lmao def
I try, but always fail :(

What should I replace it with?
Love
Agreed!  I have contacted Undercover Brother who is currently working disguised as John Legend.  Kanyae has been consuming General Fried Chicken laced with The Mans sellout formula.  We may see a Confederate shirt and MJ remix of PYT featuring Roy Moore before its reversed!
He's still hasn't hit the Clarence Thomas phase so we still have hope!
How do platitudes like this get >40K likes? Wonder how many retweets "water is wet and liquid" would get.
Sometimes you gotta worry-living
Your absolutely right nobody cares about you then yourself
And add what?
Faith
HOW

Sht...If they remove problems I can remove worry
@kanyewest Without fear we wouldn’t worry.
how bitch how
Cant

Trying

I’m worried

REMOVE WORRY TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
LETS WRK BRO U MY IDOL @kanyewest
Remove yourself from this app
HOW

Please remove those so called family members! That is the not the family you need! Leave those kardashians ... http://tmi.me/1fki3s 
Easy for you to say kanye
3ntoo wo a, da.
How
I can remove worry when Donald Trump is removed from office. How about you?

You should get on board with crypto Kanye. Its still early, and you can make some serious gains to really allow yourself to be free and be the artist you really are. I’d recommend looking into $Linx. Its a music base crypto.
How
And than is this...
Does this come with instructions
Delete twitter
Worry Free InDeed! Praying God’s Continual Favor And Blessings For You & Your Family!
And Stress Less!!!

I can’t I have anxiety
ok cheers
Listen to Flawless by See The Hustle #np on #SoundCloud
No worries. The country is in amazing hands. Things are getter better with strong voices like yours. United we stand, divided we fall. We’ve got this. Much love. #PatriotsHaveNoSkinColor
Kanye you've mistaken twitter & the console for the Matrix, again.
Tell me how Kanye HOW
Keep up the good work Kanye.
Certified WIERDO........
Wow. Personally, I was planning to worry more but this tweet really  turned things around. You saved me Kanye.
Go Kanye Go ! Well done 

No more slaves , no more bs , no more children offenders , no more human trafficking
and buy crypto :) thank me later
...which is a burden and stresses one out!
Easier said than done. Okay when you're rich, but most of us struggle with money worries and debt, pollution, autocratic leaders and environmental degradation. This is just another meaningless, pointless platitude just to get likes and for you to get a dopamine hit.
https://audiomack.com/artist/thelastboyz …
Tell me how? Help.

ok ye well felling the vibes
Word

You are in the company of the #GreatBlackLeaders of history.
what did he mean by this 
Lol poor Kanye. He's harder to figure out than Jaden Smith 
k
Remove kebab
And Stress
nice
Remove kebab
stay cozy, fren
here we go again
Ok Kanye.
Thanks Kanye. I needed that
Nah fam worry the best track on the album
#MAGA
i need some money for that
@craig_duckworth Done. Doubt and anxiety too?
Fear, Anxiety, Doubt all related. Replace with thoughts of love, gratitude & faith
@craig_duckworth Pahahaha Gahahaha Pahaha
@_gelicat
Wish I could

Go make some music. You’re not a good public speaker or political advocate. Seriously. Music is your gift -  being a public “leader” umm no.
Haven't talked to my brother Mike in years. Got in a fight over Obama. Going to contact him tomorrow because you asked me to. Love, right?

Crazy how quick people are to attack someone who's trying to offer advice on how this country can move forward.
#xrp
The Democrats are The PARTY OF HATE! #WHCD
That’s rich coming from someone who supports a hateful administration.
You’re full of HATE
You don’t even know me child.
I sense your hatred
Remove doubt


It is much easier said than done, is it not? If they just could, the world would’ve been a better place by now. It hasn’t bcs most ppl just don’t know HOW to stop worrying.

One piece of advice I can give and often tell myself is: Focus On The Present and stop thinking.
Omari
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Remove others worries by saying a good word, by giving a helpful advice, by saying a sincere prayer for them. A smile and good advice is a form of charity.
Read Quran for wisdom.     http://Quran.com  
Remove Trump
Spelt Murty wrong mate
How
Hard to, when we live in a world like this. Ifb.
When you're rich, easy to remove worry. #disappointed
Remove kebab
I’m with you on this one Ye
Peep this TRENDING VIDEO

I DESERVE AN ACCOLADE!

The Hip Hop Rendition by Me and Jazzman

View and please RT 

#rap #rapmusic #hiphop #music #Naijafollowtrain #NaijaTunes
Niccur you wealthy, don't come here acting like we are all wealthy like you
@FreelandChris - This sounds like your message this morning! Like you said this morning “Stop it!” Pretty simple. Mic drop and pray for the congregation. Philippians 4:4 @kanyewest #Rejoice
Remove kanye*
Teach me how
Remove Hollyweird, come back to Chicago and allow the city to heal you.
