this was recorded on a microwave
Micro particles
Please don’t speak for all Indians, as an Indian I think Apu is funny and is an exaggeration of Indian culture that is a bit out of the norm. But that’s just me. I think stereotypical humour done right can be funny and not offensive.
Exactly, it’s a cartoon. And in that case why not knit pick all the characters how about the bee, and how he portraits Latin Americans but I’m latin and I think he is funny. People get offended so easily now
likeeee=nudėee in DMM
thot
Yeah you

#adishankar i understand the cause but the topic is misguided. The Simpsons have celebrated Apu's family and culture on the show. It is a story of a hard working immigrant.
#adishankar To belittle and use Apu for your agenda is a bit skewed and a little rude. You being imbarased of his accent draws a clear connection to you being generally embarrassed of anyone who doesn't fit the mold of what you view as Indian or native.
If you’re offended by a Simpson’s character, you’ve got some serious issues.
Okay Ashley
Nah she’s right
No she’s not. Out right dismissal... smh.
You offended by Apu bro?
No, but I’m sure there are Indian people who are.
I’m sure there are people offended by a lot of things.
I guess when you’re the one doing the vast majority of the offending, it’s hard to see other points of view.
Adi Shankar has executive produced a lot of cool movies. One of my favorites being Killing Them Softly which is insanely underrated. It’s a crime drama retelling of the financial crisis, kind of a violent fairy tale version of reality. It and The Big Short are the same story
Dirty Laundry is my fav
Why is this a thing now lmao
The Simpsons make fun of everyone. Same with South Park. We laugh at each other's accents because they sound "funny", not because we hate each other.
There is nothing wrong with Apu!!!
Triggered
Kanye I know you’re woke n all but you ever hear of 1080p

Not being funny, but who really gives a fuck, real life problems are happening everyday, who has time to care about this?
That's the key what are u doing to solve  the problem atlease come up with an idea an hold trump accountable to see it thru
What the hell does the Simpson’s have to do with holding Trump accountable?
I was wondering myself mate 



Adi I'm a fan of!
talk in proper sentences you should learn!
Or it’s a joke? Either just mocking him and/or a Yoda joke.
Sounds like a yoda joke to me
you would be right
Nah Apu alrdy a g man. Got his family his wife. He killin it in Springfield
Recorded with a calculator?????
drop astroworld
Fucking mental ain’t it, the pc brigade have infiltrated so deep this is the result
Im indian and idc and yes people do sound like that? Amd yes they have ridiculously long names like that? Also why now? Who cares its a joke like cool it
Ok. So this guy wasn’t a kid in the 80s . 

Indian people literally owned all the 7-11s and were just like Apu.

But hey! If calling everything racist makes you popular !
Because Willie embodies Scottish values?

BLACK PEOPLE COLLECTIVELY ARE NOT FALLING FOR THAT 
It's the truth. Denying the truth is the worst thing anyone can do.
its a cartoon...
A haiku
Kanye tweeted clay
I am confused and in pain
Kanye I love you
Sixers in 6
The simpsons is a joke not meant to be taken seriously to the point of offence...
you know what else Apu has that no one else in the world has? 

In fact, every character on The Simpsons has it? 

ITS A CARTOON silly boy.
I’m all for coming together & finding solutions, @adishankarbrand. I’m not an immigrant, I’m American but im still of Indian descent so maybe my viewpoint is different but Apu’s character/stereotype is a just a minor issue imo. Why not create a new show with better ideas instead?
What is apu? I dont get it
Um my boss sounds just like Apu. Also, notice “Apu” sounds like “a poo” and that it’s a silly show to begin with.
Also the monkey in Aladdin was named Abu. Remake Aladdin, I’m offended there’s no Indian monkeys that sound like Abu or that are named Abu.
@acorcinoa this was my basic message as well. the last 20 seconds of this. It's all about empathy and bridging the gap by addressing one another as individuals, not as groups. Not belittling. We need to humanize one another. Basic message of Gandhi, MLK, etc. This is how we win.
This is totally true, loved that ending!

When you get offended by a character that’s probably older than you
@adishankarbrand it took you 29 years to be offended by #thesimpsons? This is why we can’t have nice things. #mattGroening please ignore these trolls.
Lmao, every Simpson character is exaggeration of someone, why is Apu suddenly a problem
I'm Scottish - groundskeeper Willie has an accent that no Scot's person has ever had... he is an easy to anger, red haired stereotype, and I couldn't give a flying donut...he's a caricature & it's a cartoon...
#GetOverIt #ApuRocks #NoMalice
Or people who get offended could just not watch the simpsons
If you get offended by a Simpson's character, I suggest the "Cry Closet"!
Oh ffs it’s The Simpson’s
Love it or hate it Kanye is on top
OKAY KANYE NOW VISIT INDIA FOR ONCE

Like this and ill dm u noodles ;)
Do you have love for Nike?
Why you crave so much attention?!?!?!? 
Of all the problems Inda has going for itself,this is what they care about? What's wrong with this planet
India? This is an american cartoon. Racism is quite a large issue in america. So... yeah... worth caring about. I'm sure it affects you none though.
It’s a Kanye world we’re living in it
Did you record this with a potato?
This was staged. He looked to his right as if he didn’t know Kanye’s name. This guy was made to do this
Soft as Sharman
Let's have a better contest. 

List every person, religion, race, profession, culture, or anything else that The Simpsons writers HAVEN'T mocked...

I'm still waiting...
The Simpsons Mock Everybody!

That's why it's funny.
For more than 20 years a long running stereotype
Yeah same with Ned (faith), Officer Wigam (dumb doughnut eating cop) and the 'Nerdy' guy that likes science!
Neanderthals won’t understand until your head is on the chopping block. We have an app for that

Messing your timeline
I swear 
Recorded on the new Samsung Galaxy S9+
Apu, a successful small business owner, legal immigrant... great stereotype. A positive stereotype. Thanks for letting me see that. #MAGA
It’s comedy. Why is it a world problem?
it's the enemies of peace that sow the seeds of division that need to be exposed , the button pushers ( of deep seated traumas ) in who's interest is it that we not be enabled to heal ?
The only problem here is that this isn’t a problem, at all, by any means.
It’s always the people of color who want to make peace while they keep on making a mockery of our cultures
So this guy changes his accent because he has an indian accent but then says Apu does not have a real indian accent  so this guy changed his accent because...Apu does not have an Indian accent  he is a confused  snowflake 
#SouthAsianBangaliAmericanCitizens4TRUMP
#IndiansForTrump #MAGA
#SouthAsians4Trump #MAGA
Have u ever heard of a white guy named homer who is dumb and fat... relax holy shnickers
6k likes lol. Nobody actually thinks this is an issue. Apu's a great character #LeaveApuAlone
Hey @adishankarbrand Apu is a caricature. It is for comedy only. Homer Simpson is also a caricature. Why are we worrying about cartoons? 

Adi, you are in Hollywood. Stop the sexual assaults and pedophilia instead of worrying about a cartoon.  

Stop being a sensitive snowflake.

Seriously! No accent in Black Panther sounds like any Africans, I equally find it a mockery of Africans, where can I protest. People really need  to buy a LIFE! God! Who breeds this people
Censorship has nothing to do with love but rather fear/hate.
Let’s just kill off at Apu. Problem solve.
Note: Ant farms between two thin pieces of plastic. Master does not approve of slaves talking to each other about their lives or making compromise. Stay in your approved tunnel.
I agree 100% Adi. I teach my kids that God made all of us unique, with our own gifts, talents, and ideas. That they should never fear being themselves, it’s what God intended - it’s time the adults of our country practice the same. Much love and respect for your message. #MAGA
Кање брат мој снимао табуреом
This guy a fucking looney
That’s right!!!!
This got me emotional when he mentioned Kanye
ADI SHANKAR WE GOT LOVE TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Start a THINK TANK!
Call it my privilege but I still don’t see how Apu is a negative character. 95% of gas stations and Dunkin Donuts that I frequent have had seemingly Middle Eastern employees. Are we sure no one from a Middle Eastern country has ever been named Apu?
Like shows making fun of white people think Mayonnaise is spicy and black people liking chicken and Chinese people being really smart, I think Apu’s character was just based on the norm that majority people experience in their everyday lives. It’s meant to relate the show.
Would a show where trash men wore Oscar quality tuxedos to work every day be relateable? No cuz that’s not the norm. Imagine if Billy Hoyle was throwing down jams the entire movie and Sydney was the one getting stuffed by the rim. Or if K beat J on foot while catching aliens.
@adishankarbrand im glad that The Simpsons encouraged you to fully assimilate into north american culture by motivating you to lose the accent. thats...actually admirable.
and i do think its admirable, dumbass. i dont give a fuck about your feelings
@TrumpNephew is mad i unfollowed "him" LMAO i cant make this shit up LMAOOOOOOO
The Simpsons makes fun of a lot of other stereotypes. No outrage over Willy, Smithers, Chief Wiggum I mean look at this picture...I honestly hope you don't get your way, because either it is all OK to make fun of, or none of it is.
I am an Indian and I love Apu people need to stop being pansies it’s not racist at all.
The change is becoming!
Ladies and Gentlemen, here we see another contestant who just made a surprise entry in the 'Who will be the Victim Number 1' show.
That's dope Yay keep being you. That is truly your gift to this beautiful blessed universe. Unconditional love is a blessing but it's unfortunate that many are woken to see life's true beauty.
I honestly expect better out Adi Shankar. From Dredd, to his Power Rangers Bootleg. His style has always been, I got the the magic touch, let me show you how I get down. Then he proceeds to knock it out the park with his own ideas.
I  also speak Setswana (one of the main African languages spoken in South Africa). The other African languages being Ndebele, Northern Sotho, SiSwati, Tsonga, Xhosa and Zulu. We all have accents but its alk music to me
I speak with a Portuguese accent and when I get tested on this my response is, "That may be so but I still articulate myself better than you do in your own language."
Does 'Adi Shankar'-acharya ring a bell? He was the greatest proponent of Advaita Vedanta. Just look at India it's in the shape of a heart. It's the world's  spiritual heart. भारत मेरे दिल में  है। "India is deep in my heart."
Adi betaa what's wrong with an Indian accent yaar! People mock what they don't understand. Turn the tables ask them try to either speak Hindi or Urdu! I'm Portuguese and speak, read and write in Hindi.
.
Every character on the The Simpsons is a"mockery" it's a comedy if you don't find it funny don't watch it. Sorry you have 0 self confidence that you feel you need to change the way you talk because of an animated TV show.
I LOVE  your accent it’s beautifully unique 
Real talk #UNITEDWESTAND #DIVIDEDWEFALL
We got love would be an awesome title for a song
What did he say about Apu? Apu has an accent no other Indian immigrant has? Really? Where has this guy been the last 50 years, in a bubble? Where are his parents from exactly? Please. India has well over 100 distinct ethnic groups, that all speak various languages & dialects.
wow
has he considered the idea that maybe nobody on Simpsons look like anyone on the planet earth? kind of the point of a cartoon.
It is hard to take this seriously when Scottish, Irish, Italian, Canadian, Australian, Russian, American Southerners, Jews, Germans, French, Chinese etc have all been made fun of light heartedly .. The fact is that there were very very few Indians in the USA until recently
/// but now that there are indians and there are many born and raised Indian Americans, the stereotype doesn't really sting anymore.
Waste of time, it's comedy - satire, all nationalities & 'types of  Americans' are stereotyped on The Simpsons, it's all offensive, IRONIC  as Indians are the most racist people on earth, this is just exposing  their bigotry.
World Value Survey - India & Jordan are least tolerant
I'm sure Americans are mocked in foreign countries too.

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
.
Kanye 2020
Solutions 
yo bart I don't feel well
Simple solution.. Don't watch the Simpsons.
Young people of indian decent are starting to act all pissy and SJW-ish #Apu #Apuforever #leaveApuAlone #comeagain
this isnt love this is literally hating on a show. if you felt that the show was promoting hate in some way then ignore it, you dont have the right to control what goes on t.v. no one forces you to watch it
so because your feelings were hurt you want to control the writers and make them write how you want, yea that really promotes freedom of thought and freedom to create your own things. the writers dont have to cater to anyone and its not your show, you own no part of it.
Would love (love, love) to come together with you to discuss this important issue ... just as soon as I can talk myself into giving a flying fuck about it ...
..still thinkin about it
just to add to this, maybe the white dads in these type of adult cartoons should not always be buffoons, another stereotype being made
Start with not calling yourself and Indian.  To call yourself a Indian, Muslim, European, American is violent.  You are separating yourself from the rest of mankind. Just call yourself human and don't mind so much what the sick people of our society do.
on which planet was that recorded?
Plenty of Indian people have that accent.  You're just insecure about your own accent.  Which is your accent?  You keep bouncing around.  No, this is America, we don't cater too ppl's feelings.  Get over yourself.
SOOO GOOOD
Every ethnic character then needs to be adjusted because they are all mildly offensive if we want to complain. Chef Luigi, Groundskeeper Willie, Bumblebee Man, Dr. Hibert, Krusty, Cooki Kwan, Fat Tony, etc.
Youre overreacting freind
Luv
this is nice
Thank you sooo much
@kanyewest about to end the 2nd American civil war before it even starts. #kanyesaveus
I make it a point to study other religions and cultures, then converse with people different from me to understand and expand my mind. Some are scared at the thought of discussing our differences but it's what creates understanding and love for each other!
Number 1 Rule. TREAT OTHERS THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED. NO ONE WANTS TO BE HURT OR LOVE ONES TO BE HURT. THE WAY TO HEALING IS UNDERSTANDING, ACCEPTING WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT, AND HOLDING PEOPLE ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR ACTIONS.
Z
god damn you people are so behind. Funny but sad thing is @kanyewest is just now catching on to Trump. I think it is a publicity stunt. And why are you still popular. 2005 is gone bro. Look dude I am a Trump supporter and do not accept your fake ass! Go away trendy!
Crazy
I think in order for them to have the Simpson's world connect with actual the audience they had to have a hyperbolic characterisation of certain textures of the real world. Drunk Scottish ( willy grounds keeper), Overqualified Indian 7/11 owner( Apu), flaky evangelical(Flanders).
I appreciate anyone who takes the time to speak with sincerity and empathy for others.  Adi appears very thoughtful and intelligent.  Given the topic, I wonder what Adi finds when he travels through all media.  How many other examples have paved the way for behavior in #America
How many country folks do you know sound like Cletus and have 40 kids with their cousins? How many Italians sound like Luigi with the last name 'Risotto'. Scottish people as angry as Willie. Not buying it. Good luck with your show but it's gonna fail (unlike the Simpsons)

just change the name from Apu to Adi Sanker lol
OVERSENSITIVTY ALERT 

What if his dad wasn't Indian but his mom was ? ! #Apu
The kkk still exist and this dude cares about a cartoon character. Smh
Apu is the greatest character of all time.
We are Family!!!
and that is not a bad to ask for or say,I'm certain you are all irrespectively doin the same thing right now,defending your pride
I guess you were all not listening,he said "we need to stop fighting nd do smething",he wants the right perception about his race
Ive said it before ill say it again the "what can you do" thing was weak and flimsy as an arguementbthe simplest solution is just fucking retire pay and have one of his kids take over the store like the man is old that's canon and he has a fuck ton of kids boom not a problem
Of alll the folks you have engaged on here, this is the least interesting one, in this particular arguement. Perhaps he is a great, deep intelligent man but this is just crybaby stuff.
LOL

What’s the contest requirements besides 22 pages
The shit is soooo simple bro. Love. That’s it. Idk why the world makes it so hard
Wait, does that mean @borat is not a typical Kazakhstani?
Absolute nonsense.
Kiss my ass love you

Just like every white suburban dad ain't Homer. This is dumb
Just have OPU go trans and change his name and self identify as something else entirely and we can wait 20 years until it becomes offensive.I mean ive never met an Indian that didn't remind me of apu's hardworking family loving ass.
With a friend who came from Iran roots...
I didnt know much religion so i asked whats it like to be islamic?
He said in his country and with the accent its like saying whats it like to be christianity, i said 
ok
How should "i, as a white boy" say it.
He said 
What is islam.
Smpl
@chicagocards1

factsssss
VENUS PROJECT!
Beautiful
no, but we can tell them to grow up
The simpsons is a depicted mockery of the human race specifically that of the average american family, hence why apu is a mockery and not a stereo type same with bumble bee man, krusty, tony, willie, the asian clerk who sells homer a gorilla hand...dont get hurt, laugh instead...
Luigi Risotto is a highly offensive Italian stereotype. He has to go too!
Grounds Keeper Willie , is a drunken Scottish stereotype, we need to change him too.
@AlaniPoe
I'm offended by George Jetson. There is no European last name of Jetson, it is a mockery!
MY BOI ADI YESSSSS
Master of none
The Simpsons is just a buch of leftist crap, I like watching the left cannibalize itself.

If you haven’t heard Rari by @iamzer0official and @iamKingLos yet you have to it’s  http://smarturl.it/zwiv70  
I love you Adi Shankar

““Put me like a seal on your heart, Like a seal on your arm; For love is as strong as death, Jealousy is as severe and cruel as Sheol (the place of the dead). Its flashes are flashes of fire, [A most vehement flame] the very flame of the LORD!”
SONG OF SOLOMON 8:6 AMP
I'm wondering how many of the 1.4 billions Indians actually took offense to a cartoon character...
Indians probably LOVE being mocked with stereotypes! Great fun!
dank you chome again. @adishankarbrand
This guys has obviously never been to india, the UK has about 66 million people and about 30 different accents, but apparently a country of 1.3 billion people all have the same accent
Easier said than done
This video offends me. What will you do now?
Tell you to stop being an idiot with false equivalencies, for starters.
Go for it @VarunKannan
Apu is not a problem
Don't take life 2 serious the Simpsons character is only wat u make of it. To be more loving with each other we need to be able to laugh at each others ways
On the subject twitter was invented to interact...however uncertain if you receive any of my tweets or respond to other tweet perhaps only those with special badges unsure not going there just a food for thought interact could care less about recognition
Android vid
im 99% sure it won't be funny that's what the simpson is about, comedy.
Kanye West I'm all for doin your own thing but we've to reel u in just a little bit.  go follow @tariqnasheed
