I am willing to accept any Yeezys that people magazine is deemed undeserving of
And you will then send them my way.

may i please have a pair
Answer the man Ye
PLEASE HIRE ME
boy you‘re wearing nike


Some context here: Yesterday People wrote some BULLSHIT articles about Kanye. Two in one day. Using the @oldmanebro phone call as a means of painting Kanye as being troubled and that his team is concerned, family, etc. Extensive use of “sources say.” Really insulting
Both articles written by People were also called out by Kris Jenner.
Thank you. Forgot that detail!
Stopped reading @people a couple years ago. It’s just trash pushing an agenda. They got caught in their most recent smear campaign.
BLOWN TF OUT
Ok Kanye is back
like this if you still bump every Kanye album daily like they just dropped.
I just started playin his tunes because of what ive learned of his character
New Fan here!
i missed your rants
@russian_ale don’t mess with Ye
I mean, he's not wrong
1 pair of Yeezys pls
I wouldn’t buy or wear any of your fake shit, even if my life depended on it. How dare you support a bigot like trump who has devoted his entire life to discriminated against people of color all his adult life.
You mean this same Donald Trump?
HE LITERALLY HAS BEEN SUED FOR DISCRIMINATION ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS PLEASE READ A FUCKING BOOK
Had to fire a few shots back with all these fake hit pieces out on him and Candace.

THE GOD IS AWAKE
have passed along to my friends at people magazine.
Writers of the People magazine hit piece on Kanye: @stevehelling, @chiumelo, and @JanineRube. 

Slave traders in corporate media. ‘We got you.’
@PeopleMagazine is washed up.  Folks only read their shit while waiting in the check out Line, then put it back when it’s their turn with the cashier.  
YES
Kanye this morning before he started going off on everybody
He tweeted he sells shoes and then pulled a Trump saying he's the biggest shoe seller. #uglyshoes
yo do me a favor, gtfo
i would love a pair mr. kanye
Nah. Is child labor used in a 3rd world country for them shoes?
sister snapped

And me!
i speak very highly of u
Maybe some Red Octobers but this Tweet was fire 
Kanye speaks his mind and now the media suggests his health is in jeopardy and that Lloyds of London should sue him for their money back. They are scared of his power to spread a message. #Qanon

I want some red October’s that’s what I want
I'm speaking for People magazine, please send some our way. Catch me in the DMs
Fax Kanye ily
@BrokePhiAlumni
Pushing buttons
Mood @carmtenita
Love this
They are busy consulting the DNC's PR Firm to figure out WTF just happened and how to respond.  Maybe they will put Kanye on that DNC lawsuit.  He did stand next to Trump.
What’s a yeezy? Serious question
Sneakers - clearly something is going on with him (not because of the Trump stuff) there is something off in his actions and reactions. I hope I am wrong, and this is all genius marketing- but my gut flips when I read his tweets & here him speak. Genuinely wish him peace.
I will say that just the fact it’s something different from a mainstream entertainer is refreshing.
SHOTS FIRED
I would love a pair of Yeezys Mr West. Much respect to you and your art.
 I would love a pair of yeezys and I always speak highly of you...
It keeps getting better
Lmaoooo I’M DEAD
I would like a pair of Yeezys too....size 12...
@glorsz_ bloop!
#Savage 
You have committed the biggest sin. I really hope you can stay the course. The ridicule will only become louder till you give up. Is this your stand? God speed

How i move in my #YEEZY kicks
Seriously,  @people HATERS!
Don't forget who is the king of rap nigga @Eminem
That's the boss talking
 
I’d love to talk to Yeezy

amazing
he's not wrong
Hello Kanye I would love a pair of Yeezys



LOL
Your clothing line is trash and so are your shoes. You’ve been selling a lie to me since Thru the Wire and I’m pissed.
tell him this don't tell me
Sorry b. Ur at got stuck when u rt. Wait nigga u aiight just scroll past it 
People only report facts!
SMOKE!
Can I have a pair please. Many thanks x
CAN'T PLAY YE
You sound like Trump
Like if you would love a pair of yeezys
I WANT
he on a roll
Can I have yeezys plz
Fr
I want a pair!!!! #yeezys #yeezy #kanye
me too! 
Kanye, any Yeezys that you’d like to give away, my three girls will surely love. I wear flip flops or heels. 
@kayneelouis 
@Mufaro88Mufaro  did you type this out ? 
I need sum yeezys
I didn't know anyone still read @people , I sure don't.  And I'm old as dirt, which is their demographic.
I mean don’t be afraid to slide a pair my way
I'd love a pair of yeezys 
Trumpesque. Fool. Sad.
okurrrr
Bruh's off his rocker again ...I wouldn't wear 'em if they were given to me!
Id love a pair also
I hope one day I can own a pair myself 
what size shoe is people magazine
I will accept yeezys
LOL!!!!
I’d love a pair, save me Yeezy
Can I have a pair please
Put some RESPEK on my name
I would love a pair of Yeezys and I don’t speak badly about you
They don’t need them yay, just send them to a poor brother like myself
@kanyewest hook me up ? Im curious

Wait this is my second favorite... @kanyewest
I would also love a pair of Yeezys
don’t nobody want those butt slides you made
My religion is Kanye West
Fuck them id love a pair of yeezys
The ones I saw the other day are quite ugly but I would rock a pair if given. Not gonna lie.
@alexxcooleyy savage Lmaoo
I would love a pair of yeezys 

I would also love a pair of Yeezys
@browntownbling he's not wrong though.
People magazine = racism. #fakenews
I’ll take a pair.
Are you high or shall I say is Kim high.... full of her self her head as big as her ass 
@kanyewest yeezy fact 

You are a powerful voice.   Help us expose the Evil 

 https://twitter.com/2runtherace/status/988537001598226434?s=17 …
We have been saying this for years.  Welcome to the fight Kanye.  We have been here for a long time.  We have earned our stripes, now time to earn yours.   Watch the liberal media tear you down because you dare buck the narrative.  What they fear is folks rising together.  #MAGA
Awesome.
I’d love a pair if I could afford them lol
Lmao
PLAY  !
Hook me up Yeezy. And also, where do I apply for one of the jobs yall need to fill.

send me some ily
Can I get a pair of those blue slippers?
We’re good on the #MAGAYeezys no Thanks
I would in fact LOVE TO OWN YEEZYS.
I would love a pair of yeezys
They can have my Blush’s
YE BUTTON

I’d love a pair send some 750’s @kanyewest
I won't lie, I would love a pair of Yeezys too.. :'(
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA awesome
Kml chill Kanye 
Yeezy trash show me different send me a pair
Your comeback makes me really happy
Kanye I would love a pair of Yeezys

Just listened to Stronger I'm so pumped to get my day started now thank you for that!!!!
People magazine is #FakeNews
Everyone would. Better put some respect in your Name.
Put some respek on my name People Mag! 

I want a pair

Throw a @ sign if you gonna say that lol
are u finished or are u done

ce n mede como eu to feliz q vc voltou pai te amo tanto eh isto
Talk that shit ye
i want a pair of yeezys but i cant even afford food lmfao
I’d love a pair of yeezys too
Talk your shit Kanye!
hahahahahahah you real af on this one

YES YE
I just want some black leather high top Yeezy’s that are like the ones I cleaned today
You don’t have a product and if you did it would be so highly priced from scalpers I’d never get them in my city. I’m sorry but exclusive fashion is stupid.

Don't play yourself. 
is the magazine the one wearing the shoes? heh. i want whatever Kanye is consuming

I also would accept any Yeezys it would be easy and breezy. and fun.
@people You Don't Want A Pair Of Yeezys They're Very Very UGLY!! They Look Like Cheap Department Store Shoes. 


LOL
Facts
They don't want your damn sneakers
If actually wear a pair instead of selling them like others.

My size is 10 / 10.5

Can just send me both sizes I'll send back the one that doesn't fit
My 12 year old son would love a pair of Yeezys. He looks up to you in so many ways  #SingleMomDiaries
True.
HAHAH
Kanye you're my fave. hA!
Dude you really need help.  Its a fact you've become totally irrelevant, and now you wanna hold Trump's piece makes all of us sick.  Leave the valley and find the help you need.  You were a talent, now you're just average.
It's lit!!  
Sigh

Hahaha FACTS!

The only decent looking ones were the 350 boost, rest of them shits ugly
And that’s only the boosts in all white
Excuse me, but it's spelt "Peeple" magazine.
All the people still buying his shit 
Id like a pair of yeezys
I need them 750 boosts....any color. I wear size 13. I rap/produce because I was inspired by you. I doubt you'll see this but I been asking Tmill for some 750s to no avail.
I would love a pair a size 6maybe ?
Give them to me instead
Drop dead
Is it like the holy name of Yahweh, too holy to be spoken?
@kanyewest it’s good to see you shook off all those parasites. It’s good to see true self respecting folks speak their minds freely. All that matters I’m life is that you do YOUR thing and screw everything else.
get em Ye
Thank you for speaking up for black Americans who deserve a brighter outlook and future than what they have been dealt for generations.  I am very happy with the future President Trump is putting before everyone if everyone is strong and works hard enough to utilize it.
 yeezy
i wanna pair of yeezys... drop the album
That explains the Yeezy’s design. They were from a sunken place too
Too funny.
I would love a pair of Yeezys! I don’t play games, but the Yeezy game is tough!
My kids would love s pair! Can’t $$ them though
