Nha that's not you dawg...That's MJ and the other guy
I thought I was the only one. That looks NOTHING like Kanye and the fact that he can't see that is weird.
Somebody please tell him that guy looks nothing like him
 I see NO sign of Kanye in this pic
That some guy from the hood definitely not Kanye Mr West
Kanye has over 27 million followers after just over a week and I can’t even get 27 period.
He’s been here a lot longer than a week, he just deactivates a lot. I didn’t have to refollow him or even turn notifications back on when he reactivated this time
When you deactivate your account for over 30 days twitter deletes all your data. including followers & tweets. When he activated , he had to start all over again
Weird, I received a notification with his first new tweet
I got a notification too but my page had seemed to unfollow him
It was weird
He was probably reactivating every 29 days to keep his account.  Also, he's a millionaire. We're not. They can easily just give back his account with all the previous data.
Yeah he definitely has special rules.. Hence how no one can take his Twitter handle when he's deactivated.
KING OF POP AND KING OF HIP-HOP
King of rap? Nah.
Who’s your pick?
Too many to list, but Kanye wouldn't be at the top regardless. Not saying he's bad, just not the greatest in my opinion.
Respectable opinion 
An honest difference of opinion that didn't devolve into name-calling? It's a Twitter miracle. :-)
I try to take everyone’s opinions into consideration without trying to argue. Spread more love in the world yanno?
I heard that! Respect to you, sir.
You guys, Kanye is having a manic episode and right-wingers are taking advantage of him
Make all the Kanye jokes you want I guess but understand that this dude is apparently having a real hard time right now
liberal mental gymnastics - black people can't be conservative or support trump
Sure they can. Mostly from a sunken place
For the record:

1. Mike wouldn’t like you.
2. You’re NOTHING like Mike.
3. Mike wouldn’t like you...twice.
Lol um actually Mike did like Kanye. They were good friends before he passed. Kanye remixed Billie Jean for Mike on the 25th Anniversary Thriller album. So, come again?
Poor thing. You thought my statement was about music? Nope...Ye, turned into an asshole. Run and tell dat. 
So why do you follow him?
I don't. #ByeFelecia
 I believe its #byefelicia #spellcheck
Tomatoe, Tomato. Either way:
Kanye Trump 2020
Fuck you
TRUMP KAYNE 2020
Kanye Cudi 2020
Send me money for chick-fil-a im broke
Broke college problems
And heres a video of me saying fuck trump on a beam 50ft in the air at my local predominantly white institution
My Caucasian sense was tingling at a PWI today  
so lit
"Lit" is good? Sorry. I'm 54.
Haha yeah pretty much  it means like awesome or cool 
"me and michael / solid as they come"
Michael Jackson has been my favorite artist since I was 4. Kanye is my favorite artist for over 10 years now. MGMT are my all-time favorite band, since 2005 and still going strong 
And guns n roses are still mine since 1988!
I was referring to what Dolly wrote, the MGMT lyrics from their "Me and Michael" song  I don't see any guns or roses here :))))
The only rapper compared to Michael
Mike Tyson
That is awesome @kanyewest!! Lol. Two musical giants....two people that love/loved this country and TRUE progress!! 

Thanks for sharing!!
Absolutely!!! 
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
I hope we can do better than that.
It's a reference, his potential and influence has no limitations

The Goat and MJ
Goat and Kanye.
#NewProfilePic
I MISS THE OLD KANYE
he is the same @kanyewest as he ever was, you are just seeing what he is rather than what they wanted you to see.


We want the old Kanye 



let me suck on your toes

I thought Micheal wore a glove not an oven mit


Definitely offensive content

me and Mike (technically my friend, Nick and Mike circa 2009)
Me & Mike '84
Two GOATS
Who’s mean Mike?
No one is safe
@niaaaphillips  I want it
Did he just refer Michael Jackson as “mike” 
He's allowed to it's Kanye
mike and i*
I*
He's an artist. He can't be tied down by grammatical rules. You wouldn't understand.

I can see being a scientistologist still hasn’t furthered your career sis.
Why does that doll look like this dude
Me and Mike
I told you to get the Mike Tyson action figure. You never listen.
You look really weird in that red suit.

What happens if I do neither?
bro wyd
We are building Tiny Homes for the homeless. Find out more http://www.buildushope.org  We can be the change, WE CAN
I just don’t understand why you follow the man if you gonna bash him in everything he say or do? Do y’all no let people live ? Lmfaooo Honest questions..

Who a coon ?
solid as they come
@whoisMGMT
Go back to bed
kanye R U OK, R U OK, R U OK kanye .... DIRTY KANYE ohh DIRTY KANYE ohh
Michael would slap you for some of the shit that’s coming out your mouth man and throw in a heehee at that
Looks like cake toppers lol
You and me?
*Mike and I
*Mike and me. 

As in, “this is mike. This is me.” Wouldn’t be, “this is Mike. This is I.”
I know. Just wanted to tweet it
Haha, fair enough :)
Bruh. Why u smilling.
Pinche igualada
Mike and I*
We can see mike but yeezy is absent. The other guy is nun like u
are solid as they come
Who gonna tell him that don’t look like Kanye
You don’t smile tho.
Got a lightskinned friend look like Michael Jackson, got a dark skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
Which one are you x
You will never be like Mike.
YOU AND MIKE! 
#iman the interactive art brand 
#fanart
Legends
release christian dior denim flow on apple music
と俺
Shut up 
Michael would be so disappointed if he was alive


hahahah te pasaste
jajaja
@FarahHassaine
maiiiiis mec jvais te tarter pq il a fait ça lui aussiiii la
Solid as they come
that mgmt reference
@TalyaKurt
is this us
Yes but...  real life  @chrissyteigen Krusty disrespected Michael several times liking a tweet saying she was glad he was dead (on MJ's birthday) and the "Not Legend" @johnlegend made fun of MJ's vitiligo. You need new friends Kanye  #JustSayin #SaveKanye #Xscape
Well then they are dead to as well.
Mike forever!!!
@_leahh33
Ahaha now this is funny
100% chance he didn’t laugh he prolly post it like this
Mike actually stood up for justice your just a toy
@yoimtheD Not quite as good as the puppets though
they got nothing on my puppet
Kanye's Doll doesnt even lok like Ye
Got a light skin friend, look like Michael Jackson. Got a dark skin friend, look like Michael Jackson
You look more like Olivier Rousteing
That’s legit Olivier hahaha

*Kanye West be like*

New Yeezies                           His fans 
Michael wouldn’t support trump
Mike and I*
 you’re so annoying
Coonye
Black on black racism
Ca te ressemble pas
Mike and I***
You ain't Mike
@Scott__Hoke @ailsahoke
me and michaelllll solid as they come
No longer Ken, but Kenye
Aye Kanye I got a video that came out today you should watch it
Lies, you don’t smile
That ain’t Kanye. Kanye has uglier shoes.

No sir this doll looks nothing like you for one he's smiling

top demais 
The only rapper compared to Micheal
You and Cudi 
Kanye x Cudi - Kids See Ghost - @kanyewest @KidCudi @TeamKanyeDaily @KimKardashian 
Lmaooo 
#BlackLightning #BlackPanther #BlackMenSmiling  "Ghetto Hymns"  
love u
Meus mozoes
@miketsg wtf fortnite really did wonders for you
yeah dude thats me
POGGERS
Let’s get drunk tonight, you can be my black Donald trump tonight
I love you

@helmetmike thought this would be a pic of you two
Omg
@whoisMGMT omg
Mann Mike is really wearing Mick Foley Mr Socko
@shaksv_  Legen

Dey mike la paikura! 
Creative Genius

Before you swallowed a bees nest?
Your doll looks more like sugar ray leonard
Love Michael Jackson Miss him dearly
@JohnBoyega right now:
This is awesome!! I got mj doll too !
@Rafagomes5 MANO O CARA ENDOIDOU TOTAL!!! Hahshshshshs
Michael is a icon legend... you’re a mess
You will never be like Michael don’t nobody want you don’t nobody need you
Stop drinking from the KK cup !
Ever read "KEEP MOVING: The Michael Jackson Chronicles" by Critic Armond White @3xchair , Mr. Kanye West @kanyewest ?  #MichaelJackson #KanyeWest #Kanye2024
@ellencub
more like Mike and tay-k
Michael Jackson remains the King of pop. Never forget that
Mike got on that big ass jacket. Lmao.
@saraysisqueen c'était quant
Don't look at him look at the way he's dressing, it'll tell you that it's him
For safety I would scoot your figure several inches away from the Michael Jackson figure.
Yo Kanye why you lookin like @iLoveMakonnen5D
Michael would never.
@KatieRoseFerg
*Mike and I
Looks like mike and Todrick hall
DON'T FORGET MY HAT!! NOW (WHO) BAD!! THILLER,HMMMM UMMM I FREE MEEK MILL NOW (WHO)BAD?? I GOTTA BE STARTING SOMETHING? YOU NOT ALONE I AM HERE STILL? OLD SCHOOL NO GAME FOR FAME AND GOOD NIGHT!!
it's  @AlexandrePires not u

I love that @whoisMGMT reposted this haha fantastic song
Gotta love  this 
Mike and I*
*Mike and I 
@rini_jane teach your boy
Where's Rodeo Travis
You can’t even compare yourself to someone that talented
You don’t even look like that
Im sorry Mr. West, Mr. Fresh, Michael Jackson ain't impressed, I mean damn did you even see your face? you got teeth mista, you never smile this must be fake.
@kanyewest & @michaeljackson continue to inspire kids <13 
You should become a Mazu Maker on @Mazu_Family and share more awesome thought provoking content where kids can enjoy free from bullying, harassment & trolls. For now we r sharing this image 
Love. More.  #move2mazu
Kanye in 30 years
Mike and I*
Are you wearing Yeezys?  Love it.
Try not to steal the mic from him
Mannnnnn I had that Mike doll when I was a kid. And the glove.
Are you okay
@stevedowning6
Nigga that’s Tevin Campbell

@gbmochee solid as they come
There can be more Kanyes but no MJs
SOLID AS THEY COME!
Pretty cool.
Aww soo cute #MichaelJackson and his glittery glove
My new wall paper
Bro are u ok lmfao
Aww!!! you're a great dad!!!  #GodBless
@Gooner_1417 correct him plz
’s
Aww, that's so funny...
Thoughts on Mike Francesa returning to the airwaves

How much is the Kanye action figure ?
Where is your facial hair? 

How cute are you!? What a good daddy, playing with dolls with your princess  She's so lucky to have great patents like you n @KimKardashian
Solid as they come
They got u smiling
Legendary
ME AND MIKE TYPE BEAT
SEXX ON THE BEACH TYPE BEAT 
Bro who gave you a phone
Epic
mike mitten or mike glove.!!??

lit
Kanye vai lá cuidar dos filhos certeza que tem casa pra cuidar louça pra lavar sai desse celular um pouco
What’s your max on bench?
Who’s me and?
Funny 


You just make sure you take care of yourself @kanyewest we can’t afford to have anymore suspicious deaths of outspoken black celebs.
Why does he have oven mittens on ?
funny  voetsek!!!! Nah 
nice
Legends.
The goyim knowwwwww
Collab!
@mikegut20 you look like the right
Yeezy and Elon 2020
Kanye has been redpilled.
Kanye, DO NOT delete your tweets ever. When you do that, you’re taking an L. Stop it

DROP THE ALBUM
Drop astroworld

Mikey
Goats
