Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
like if kanye should deactivate
Like if you think he shouldn’t!
Like if you hate people begging for likes
White Twitter be weird as hell
Black twitter still sleep apparently...
I’m like you ‘Ye. I’ve never even voted Republican but I can see Trump isn’t a puppet & not who the media says he is!
Same here
Can’t impeach if he ain’t do nothing
you do for sure know how to get people talking
Kanye knows what he’s going.
destroying his credibility and making himself look mentally unstable you mean? For what, a few extra album sales? what about all those who will not touch his music now? the loss outweighs the gains Im way sure. NOT SMART by any stretch. His legacy is now fcked up & tarnished.
So by voicing his opinion he's mentally unstable? Sound logic right there
no by tweeting manically he looks insane. By ignoring all around him who for CERTAIN are advising him not to be so erratic and messy he is being insane. This is NOT a good look for the Kanye west brand or those around him.
There isn't anything wrong with what he's tweeted. You and other people just disagree and are shaming him for it. You have no right to say what is good for his brand. That's kind of what he's been talking about to begin with.
lmao he is tweeting away like a frantic loony. I mean I could write a whole essay about the EGOMANICAL signs he is displaying. And his desperation to mix with the mighty white power players. Bragging about phony wealth he doesnt have in REALITY. Competing with wife Kim I suspect
And Uncle Tom of the Year award goes out to Kanye West
Hey I found another person who didn't read the book!

Best line?
The only thing that made me happy was the beat
What didn't you like about the lyrics?
Lituation
hahaha
My name jeff
Album strategy: 1. Create controversy 2. Gain attention 3. Promote album. 

Whether the album is good or not, more people will probably take notice. Controversy still sells, sadly.
He’s getting you to talk about him tho 
Been a fan of his music, mostly earlier stuff though. His strategy, though I’m not a fan of it, is brilliant. Promote trump and building walls/tariffs/separation. Then promote love and unity with the world. Gets the bots to fight each other on his timeline then “btw, my album...”
Touché. I see where you are coming from!
“Strip kids of they confidence” gets to a Kanye tweet from earlier in April when he said: “parental acting classes are one of the first steps to us loosing who we really are to ‘the simulation’. Parents are our first acting coaches.”
My favorite line might be hopped of the amistad and made I’m a God. Amistad is a slave ship which goes along with what Kanye said in the Zane Lowe interview (last 10 seconds of clip)
It also means friendship in Spanish
Those lyrics 
@Lyricoldrap is that sarcasm? Lol
Y’all think Kanye is still gonna be tweeting & talking to y’all once his 2 albums drop?
Never forget.
What the shit is this shit
The true G.O.A.T
Hey @KanyePodcast we gonna get an episode on this masterpiece?
We’ve love to, actually, great call
Oh dear Yeezus...
@LindokuhleLeeto I told you this nigga is smart , check
Loll did you see the followers?
Yesterday he was on 18m and today his on 27m
@PJSeabury
You sir are up to something amazing and I’m ready for it .
 it
This shit better than j Cole whole album ..
So you just gone lie?
No lies detected
It doesn't take much to "woo" y'all huh?
 did you hear what he said ? Stop
What did he say that the average people haven't been saying?


Oddly enough, this is the point Yeezus is trying to make... we all need drop the "supposed to" shit and form our own opinions based on free thought, rather than what they said we supposed to think.

W
I'm keeping you in my prayers  Kanye.  Stay strong. Don't let the mob break you or regulate your thoughts. You got this. ♡

@squilliamdaniel perfectly captures my emotions listening to this
Uhhh TMZ called you erratic to begin with and you called them out yesterday. Kanye’s people can put TMZ in a cage real quick
I'm guessing @kanyewest won't be invited to perform on SNL this year. Those leftist hacks are too afraid he might drop a truth bomb or two on live television #qanon #greatawakening
Kanye don’t need Snl to make truth bomb.  He does it on Twitter. Kanye just won’t have access to media outlets for his rants.

Is he watching a video of Jordan Peterson?
Yea he is
You’re in a serene, loving  place, let your creative genius shine through...stay the course!
Keep enjoying life as a free thinker! You are now free! :)
Truly free!
And still not invited to the state dinner. As a matter of fact. Not 1 black person was invited. Lol.
@jordanbpeterson tab is where it's at...love watching his debates
I love youBeen Trill!
Bars
We like people’s truths when they’re compatible with our own... Once someone else’s opinion arouses controversy, they’re suddenly a bad person! Ye has done nothing but promote freedom of speech, why should he be restricted?

Hopped off the Amistad and made I'm A God... Yeezy season approachin
Don't take the critics personally please
We can help you with your plans  @chancetherapper
This generation closest thing to Einstein, so don’t worry about me I’m fine
now that's funny
They're Kanye's lyrics
HOLD ON!!! Okay Ye!
On me




dude just stop ,, better yet your now blocked,,,
Bruh you lost it
THAT WAS FIRE YEEZY!!!!!!!
Considering your recent descent into rightwing partisan hackery, I'm not surprised to see that Jordan Peterson tab there on the upper left.
Lol..... that is worse....

Than... being caught with...
Tranny hub . Com 

On the browser 
Everyone is writing books, Peterson re-wrote the 12-step, Kanye will write an autobiography/definition of the state detailing his "struggle."
I thought kanye...
Was above reading.....
he likes Henry Ford and Beuys at least.
Kills... it with his tall 
Friend who runs the rap game tho..
Yes, funny how Kanye felt the need to post a picture with his buddy(handler?) Lyor Cohen.
That's his.... name....

And thiel....
And some others....

hypebeasts bout to get supreme maga hats because of u
Please keep unfollowing this nerd. Make it trend.

This is gong to be Ye's greatest album 
@jeffcastillo
So ready for this one to drop.
Same!!! the vibe is so dope, I can imagine the beat drop on this one
Look at the house _____What a fool@you are bro
Joke
So let me get this straight. Kanye stands up for free speech, he is praised! Kanye says kind words about President Trump, Kanye's is shunned! Screw all the dumbys that can't make in their mind. @kanyewest I've never been a fan of your music, but I'll support you as a human being!


Lol it's great you used Meryl Streep. She enable Harvey Weinstein to rape women. Your attacking a free thinking black man with a rape enabler. You're a fucking trash person lol!
While I disagree fundamentally with Kanye on politics, it is absolutely amazing seeing all of the Trump supporters being introduced to amazing music they would’ve never listened to if Kanye hadn’t made those tweets.
If you live in stereotypes then you might think Trump supporters never listened to a rap album. In the real world outside of TV propaganda not all republicans live in a trailer with a shotgun a confederate flag shirt and a music collection full of country CDs lol.
I don’t live in stereotypes and never said anything about a shotgun, trailer, or a confederate flag; you did. I was simply stating that the narrative on Kanye West 8 years ago was that we was a villain- and now he is getting nothing but appraise from the right. Just nice to see.
I was speaking to the general stereotype the media tends to paint of people on the right and how people lap it up which in part leads to the sort of conclusions you just came to. Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to go back to listening to my Bustah Rhymes play list lol.
https://soundcloud.com/user-244485641/kiing-getz-new-era-mp3 … New fire 

LETSGOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Yassss, "strategies album release" that’s what I thought  can’t wait 
I stan #FreeSpeech
Marketing fucking Genius #maga
Thank you for being open minded. #Maga
Kanye be speaking his truth, slaying dragons, and getting that #DragonEnergy, now we know where he learned it from. 
#LobsterEnergy 
But KAN YE do this?
BURN THAT HAT BRO
who r u
Me listening to Kanye’s new album behind black Twitter’s back
@LukeBlood
That beat
I can’t actually wait for new material!
How you gonna rap about people teaching white dominance while wearing a MAGA hat bro? 
yea. I caught that too.
Who’s “not” paying attention right now....watch how he flips it when the album drops. #Clever
Yeah but I don't think it's worth it. Ye doesn't need to wear a MAGA hat to get hype
There’s a message coming....not aligned with “trumps political stance”, don’t forget I told you 
Yea. Maybe. Seems to go against his message though.
Yes I’m sure that’s what he meant ..he want to teach that 
I can rap way better than you ever will!
BUZZING
Not gunna lie:
weirdos about to enter ur mentions bro
There’s always weirdos here 

God bless you and your rightful adoration of true Icon and QUEEN @MariahCarey  loved you on SUP and Babe? Podcasts this week, btw 
Kanye why did your celebrity friends started to unfollow you one by one. There's a huge list of them and Snoop Dogg is taking shots at you. Call em out for being cucks.
They'll be back when the album drops lmao
We need prsion reform 
Wrtten By: @AwakenOne16 and @Doc
@MsDocTransform  , @SecretaryCarson @ @chancetherapper  @kanyewest
@WayofTheSean  how you feeling about our homies recent behavior ?
i have a theory that he’s tryna get goodie goodie with the powers that because, he has been saying that he wants the presidency and if he’s as woke as he used to be, he knows as a black man the glass ceiling in front of him, so i hope he’s MAGA posting is a trojan horse.
also, the reality is Kanye respects Trump in regards to the empire under his name and how he completely through the rule book out of the window when he ran for for president. Trump did it his way, and Kanye loved that, because he wants to do things his way.
So Kanye being vocal about ‘loving’ Trump doesn’t necessarily reflect on Trumps political views and goals. And because of vaguely he ‘supports’ makes me believe he’s either playing a ‘long game’ strategy to get ahead or he’s milking the controversy..to get ahead.
You smart
yeezy taught me
Kanye! Can I gift my painting to you and the family? 

Kanye = LIGHT-YEARS ahead of his contemporaries. 

This is an ICONIC moment that will usher in the GOLDEN AGE like 
We got you yeezy keep flossin
Preview of tomorrow’s G.O.O.D Friday drop

Genius musician. Can't wait for the new albums.
You are the man ! Very proud of you brother ! I was born in Cuba and I know what a free spirit thinker is really all about ! We have to protect our rights and freedom in this country ! No Communist !

“Hopped off the Amistad, and made I’m A God” Broooo 
got it, so what you're saying is that this is all a grift that plays with peoples emotions and well-being to make more money. cool.
Bruhhhhh
This album betta be fye you don't got erbody mad  this better than the big Luther lol Luther argument old Kanye vs new Kanye
I love this man. Let’s get it ‘Ye! 
Okay this HEAT THOOOOOOOO
I support you brother
UR THE MAN
We're going to get you out.
not all press is good press ‘Ye
he got something big in store
My thing is so many don’t even like him or his music and viewed him just like they view other black men in America, but since you have this hat they giving you all this fake love. They dogged you for what you said about Bush who is a Republican but now they love you?! Come on!

Lol I'm watching this fake outage from black people, come June Kanye's album will be no. 1 for "some reason".....
This some straight trash
Let the man be. Let him support Trump and all this him being erratic is bs. He’s just expressing his opinions on twitter. Which is why Twitter was created to be used for.
Its morphed from its original status as a 'free speech platform", much to the chagrin of anyone even a little to the right of center.
I agree !

White dominance Lmfao as he sits wearing Gucci and living in several million dollar mansions and I'm in an apartment. Smh 
#racistprick #mentalmuch #getreal
“Lituation”
The song is basura
how i feel when i look at Bitcoin charts
Good morning king
An artist in its purest form!

Loving that hat
I would love to see a conversation with you and @jordanbpeterson.
He’s making ppl mad so he can get more attention. Reverse, but it works.

me bopping to this but realizing he’s wearing a damn MAGA hat
Wake up, Mr. West!!!!!!!!!!!!
A link to the article the video is from:

http://m.tmz.com/2018/04/26/kanye-west-not-erratic-album-release/ …
I really feel this album is gonna be Yeezus 2
#IWillRideWithKanye
This mans voice is still godlike



@S246278910 . This is awesome
OMG!
Yep
No comment!
Kanye, you shouldn't watch the news or some stuff about you that others wrote because they're stupid and mean and they don't understand you the way that we do(the intellectuals)
Unfortunately not everyone has evolved their conscious state yet.
what do you mean?
The people who are intellectually incapacitated, haven't evolved their consciousness yet to the point where they can try to see people from their point of view without insulting them. So you are right
bro do you know how links work
dad you snapped fr
That open Jordan Peterson tab tho.
Yay key
In all honesty I'll buy it I mean I still have college dropout, graduation, & late registration from the college days yes CDs people #DragonEnergy #MAGA
Hat game 


DROP THAT HEAT KANYE!!
Tight
LOL Melissa.

You're probably going to make a fortune. All of the people saying they won't buy your album are probably Democrats that stole your music on the Internet anyway. You'll get a lot of Trump supporters paying for your music after this, I'd wager. Time will tell.
You seeing this? @BillySakmann
HOLY
Is that him?
How do u go from rapping about Jesus, to thinking you are Jesus? 
He is a God, and he’s a man of God.
He doesn’t think he’s God. 


Excuse me @kanyewest , hello... @kanyewest .... seems you've dropped this . #MAGA #WOKE  @ALLVETSADVOCATE @POTUS @endtimepatriot #spillingthetruth https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989272340432240641 …
Yeah fuck what y'all talkin bout imma need this YE
Lmaoooo, people with #TheResistance in their bio are so lame.  But do you
LIKE FOR A W
show us more of your house
He have become one of the best troller’s of 2018 by far . The album snippet sounds  though
https://soundcloud.com/adam-zoltai-427212740/midnight-city-lights …

i’m an upcoming young producer. here’s a new chill beat, give it a listen if you want guys, I really appreciate it. thanks 
Your fat ass is back

Yeah this is hot trash.


Yesssssssss!!!!!!!
I cant front...shit was kinda lit. 
100 percent off his Lexapro
Lol. Cmon nigga, now you just flexin 
Playing niggas like a PlayStation
The hardest troll 
not reading/watching/listening to any more from this fool
Say what you say about Kanye but the dude is about to rip a new hole into this rap game! Dude on another level! This sample is mad Hot!!!
Controversy usually happens before Kanye drops a fire  album

is tHAT @jordanbpeterson open in a tab in the background???
NEED THESE LYRICS BRO THIS IS HITTIN

@jordanbpeterson check out the tabs of what Kanye is browsing

Long live Kanye
"I say what they say when the mic is off"
I admire Kanye for this. If this was for attention, why would he voluntarily get crucified over social media? Let the man think what he wants. Not every black person has to be a Democrat. They we're never looking out for y'all anyways. Just your votes. #freethinkersunite
Still mad at u but this shit fye as hell boi
Awesome!! Love the hat!! #MAGA #KAG
What other option was there except Trump? Warmongering, corrupt, greedy wife of a molester - @HillaryClinton ? Trump isn't good at all. But neither is Hillary. So if you want to criticise celebrities who favour Trump, you should criticise those who favoured Hillary as well.

@BarstoolBigCat @PFTCommenter is Kanye back?
Kanye could fart and people would praise him for it.

@jordanbpeterson
I love this timeline
Take that ugly hat off
June can’t come soon enough 
Why they make him freestyle over that beat tho lol. That was someone holding a damn air horn
I was thinking the same thing 
I like freestyles but that beat could be better lol
He should have brought his own beat lol
Yee

hang out w me lata son
You coming?
of course!!!
Ok den. I’m all yours.
Yet they call Kanye "mentally ill"
I know right
@samchapple97 he’s back!!
Mate, I’m gassed for his album like it’s gonna be cold man!
Seems erratic to me.
As the days go on, remember this:

Liberals forgave Chris Brown for beating the shit out of Rihanna, but they are never going to forgive Kanye for saying he likes Trump.
@manhuntt03
Bro. I know he ain’t breaking down. He going crazy lately.
KANYE SCREEN RECORDING HIS SELF ON THE INTERNET TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Kanye is a smart man. He knows that trump is going to spend millions buying his cd for publicity. Tactic of a genius.
Wow! Straight  stick to producing bro
Why are you responding to me? Thinking I care? 
Bro  you are a terrible troll just keep moving
