
Keep America Great
Who as VP tho
#2024
#KeepAmericaGreat

2020
Nope, 2024
why not 2020?
He would be a fool to run against President Trump.
Trump won’t finish his term
I’m sure you also believed CNN when they told you Hillary Clinton had a 98% of winning on election night. 
I don’t watch CNN, or Fox. I’m a registered Republican.
Good!



He supports trump
No he doesn’t
It’s not really him. He’s been brainwashed

He did say he was in the sunken place tho
key word, was
Rapper Scarface says he loves @realDonaldTrump cause he doesn't give AF ! And cause he's rich and lawless !  

The great awakening is happening ! The @DNC  has put the needs of illegals ( DACA ) and forgotten about the black community.  

People are waking up ! #MAGA
Exactly!!!! He is not part of corrupt establishment.
he has enemies on both sides of the political aisle and almost all the media against him, that means he is one of us, NOT THEM, and they all hate it. check his stats, not your feelings, #nokosummit #littlerocketman #syrianstrikes you gas babies we bomb your chem plants. #TRUMP
Stop it.
I like that you are red Pilled and spreading the teuth, but if you seriously want to be @POTUS , think about it in 20 or so years. Get some real experience under your belt. Then I'll take you seriously. Till then keep up the great work bro. #QAnon

i hope you're not saying this because you want trump to serve another term before you take office
Trump will tho lel
Nah.
Yah.
he won't though there is a whole generation of young people who will be able to vote for the first time and we will vote him the fuck out
Gen Z is based way more than you realize. Less than 10% of the “March for Our Lives“ rally were children. Also read these, should fill you in on how fantastic Trump has been. https://pastebin.com/EWs6jTa6 , https://pastebin.com/BcSAGmDf 
imma keep it real with you blake i ain't reading shit about how wonderful you think trump has been you probably a russian bot
Aye shout out my nigga Caroline one time. 
Hahahahaha .. you tripping dawg
#KANYE4PRESIDENT
In your dreams
please don’t
Move to Iowa. Please.
Chilll
I know what you know.
Thanks for being real. 
The future is so much better than the past.
Hmm, VP in 2024?
Don Jr & KW?

#KeepAmericaGreat
Dude how are you so ugly ????
That’s not an argument.
Just do it
Trump as VP?
The man promotes free thinking, he'd be a legit candidate if he ran.
Got my vote
Do you Love kim
2024 gumballs in the gumball machine? Thanks for letting us know
Where do I sign up? #Kanye2024
No.
Nooooooo!!!!!!!!
I volunteer to be vice president
When you got Kanye’s tweets on that push notification status
joe don’t be tweaking on me haha 2020 I bought a damn shirt
What
Kanye for President!
What's sobering about this tweet is that in America "President Kanye West" could actually be a possibility. Along with the possibility of "First Lady Kim Kardashian-West" Imagine-the White House-being redecorated by Kim & company. I could go on but you get the picture.

#MAWA
Keep America Great
You are in a sunken place
Inb4 kanye runs as a republican in 2024

No thanks, fool.
He'd have to get rid of Kim.  I would not want her as First Lady for anything in the world.  Can you imagine?  That tribe in the White House?  It would be a disaster.
Please stop. Just stop.
candace told us not to listen to celebrities.
To be fair, she seems to have dumb opinions.
not that mr west here has noticed:)
But you said you’d run for prez in 2020 at the 2015 VMAs though...  #Kanye2020
@KimKardashian @kourtneykardash @khloekardashian @KrisJenner Kanye Do U Know Ur Wife Supports PRESIDENT OBAMA & HILLARY?To The Kardashians..I Know U All Support Hillary How Is Kanye So Brainwashed By RACIST TRUMP?

I Found Some Instagram Posts.I  Hope It Refreshes Kanye's Mind
I Love What Khloe Wrote
I Think Kanye Needs To Be Reminded About #MLKDAY2018
Kanye West should also be reminded that tRump doesn’t Really Likes Black peoples very much.  He’s only using them.  Remember Omarosa Manigault?  He doesn’t like the blacks, the poor,  non-white immigrants.  Mr. West should take a little time & really look at this man!
Yeah That's Very True. Trump Just Uses People To Benefit Himself He Doesn't Care About Anyone.
Use them and lose them!
Like How He Raped Those Teens. People Are Saying He Had Them Murdered.
I wouldn’t put that past him.
Why did u dissed jay z on stage??? Wasn’t it for political reasons
You think Kanye is going to answer this? He has a political campaign to work on BEN
No. Just no. Unless that's when your next CD comes out, then ok.
And I'm not buying that either.

This guy.

Lmaoo liberals went from believing you are Jesus to hating your guts in less than a week.
Similar to Comey, but in reverse.
You’re such a schmuck!
First black president of the United States.
Savage
keep wishing fool

I know your wife likes to mess around with marina

spirit cooking kanye west
repent West
Get well bro

Yes she does!
Does this mean I have to replace all my “West 2020” stickers
Nah too far bro stick to producing and sneakers my god you would fuck up
at this point, ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!
He’s got to RELAAAAAAXXXXXX @noreaga  with these dates
I’m so w ya
Plzz
Kanye..Btw The Republicans And Democrats Switched Parties Long Time Ago..Which Means The Republicans We Have Now Are The Same Democrats That We Had In The Past.
Thank you ^^^truth
@rrxhil 
Im legit worried about his mental health ngl he tweets so much shit, giving us 20 lectures a day
Nah fam.... he's just sharing his wisdom so that us normal people are smarter


Might not agree with you a hellova lot issues but here you’re spot on.
It's the little things that count.

Thank you Kanye. America, and the world, needs you.
Keep America Great Again
Ok so what am I supposed to do with this sticker now
Lets go
isn't that when you'll next write a decent tune?
But I already said 2020
Don't diss Ye
El presidentye

No.

In your dreams, chipmunk.
https://youtu.be/fqSmwd5Clmk  My big brother #JFlexx a #multiplatinum #songwriter #producer from Ohio was #DrDre @drdre protege from #DeathRowRecords @deathrowmusic - Flexx wrote hit songs like #CaliforniaLove #Tupac @RealTupacShakur #2pac #KeepTheirHeadsRingin #BeenThereDoneThat #rap

@Brookesaugust
@benjamintsharp 
@Bradycsharp
YEEZUS walks
Bro, you gotta find a way to get into that cabinet
I love you man but hell no
I swear if people vote for you... I can honestly say our country is filled with dumbasses. 
Yeezy for Preezy 2024 
☧  2024 it will be.
y’all voting in trump 2.0
Do something about that wife. We can’t have a Kardashian in the White House. 
NEVER!!!
I hope it not that long mate 
My bad Kanye but @LukeThaAwesome are planning on running in 2024 after we win the 2020 election
We’re running on the platform of “Everyone just needs to calm down a little”
@TechNoahLogy for president
Hahah awww 
@paula_alamo
Sabes que será el mejor. Imaginate los capitulos de las kardashians  en la casa blanca
@BuddhaSoull #yeezyforprez
#yeezyforprez

no

@TheRock for VP. Please.

Dude can't even handle social Media. I would not vote for him! I like Kanye but no

It would be funny to see kim k as our first lady.
Kanye West for president ?!
2020*
would this mean that kuwtk would be filmed in the white house  i vote #yesyesyes
I'd vote @trippedd @realDonaldTrump
i have a new found respect for you @kanyewest
2020
election machine broke
@C0leeeee @lilsul10 read the comments here lol- specifically the small head ones
Please don’t.

Sure. If they can pitch Oprah, I'll take Kanye over Oprah any day.
No
you said 2020 SMH
Aliens  kidnap you and take you to another planet where only silence is heard. 
#MuteKanye 
#WednesdayMotivation #WednesdayWisdom 
#
MK Ultra really got you fucked up :(
It's 2044 actually
That’s a big fat no ~ no more mental health issues involved in  the office of the presidency! You just try to take care yourself, don’t worry about the rest United States!
im moving to america just to vote for this man
#Trump2020 #Kanye2024
u literally said 2020 u dingus like run against trump lol
Sad you falling into Kanye tweet traps when you could d talking 2 bae
True
Wrong!  My next wife Ivanka will be President in 2024, believe me.

The last time I was happy
yeezy please you’ll hurt everyone
MAGA
Olympic Games in Paris. You coming ?
You need a Vice President and I’m here with you on this 2024 brother lets make America great again.
Gilipollas
this is going to happen, knowing ye...getcha popcorn ready! Btw: MLK was an advocate of basic income (see Georgism) as a means to alleviate poverty.  What say you yeezy? Liberate the world with an internationalist agenda!
You really should go defeat @ChicagosMayor. See what you can do to stop the violence in Chicago.
oh dear



Make America Great Again Again Again
PRSDNT
What??? did you not start making sense just a moment ago by supporting great President? now you started loosing sense like premature ejaculation, oh boy! you can't be 2024 future, zip it!
@GriffinBlick
The Rock vs Kanye, 2024. Best possible timeline. Makes me want to move to the US so I can vote for Kanye.

oh no someone’s gonna turn this into sum about the world ending in 2024
You got my vote.
Please no
Is this for real Mr West?
We campaigned for president Trump on his message. Surely most of his base would be happy to help if your message is as strong as it is now. 
Could you contact president Trump if possible to join his administration for a few years?
I thought you said 2020 
President West
God help America
Is that the year Kim is going to leave your ass?
No
Is this why you're tryna please the nazis? So you can get that vote?
A strategic king
HIXX year

Kanye's watching #CosmicDisclosure
@TimCMRose Please make this happen.
Not gonna happen.
@kanyewest - Our first post-ascension president?
I say 2024 I’ll be as big as u in music if I keep working hard enough  put better love in the world that people been missing 
uh oh

Cue liberal meltdown in 

3

2

1

...

Lottery Number. ?
BRAH, WHAT HAPPENS TO THE POPULATION IN THE UNITED STATES? http://www.deagel.com/country/United-States-of-America_c0001.aspx …
#QANON #QAnonPosts #TARGETEDINDIVIDUALS
8675309
Ah Kanye pero a lo serio, por qué todos pensando 2020
You’ll be like 50
2020
welcome to the vast right-wing conspiracy. i didn't start out as conservative but you stand up to the socio-fascists, we all get grouped.
No.
nigga no

@KieranHemming official
Kanya West would win also
If you still think that DT is going to be President again in 2020, then your nuts and your not awhere of what is going on with DT presidency from the start till now......
2025
Please no
That’s right 
Oh Hell No! Another clown??? No, thanks. @benshapiro for President.
@manikraheja
If you are serious about a free market, limited government, pro-business, free speech, 2A platform then you will have my vote and my support.
