It's easy to have "wisdom" with 100 million in the bank.
You are starving for wisdom we have the internet you should use it.dont disconect yourself from the world
Speak for yourself bro
According to most Scholars it has to be 10% of the people would open enough Minds to do anything that's the saturation point. Once it hits 10% the rest of the people become aware really fast.
1+2=3
There's a lot of #wisdom in this world Omari. It's quite hard to find it when your too busy with your face up your ass. #smellsbad #dontbeadouche #wisdom
I Miss The Old Kanye,
Straight from the GO Kanye,
Chop up the Soul Kanye,
Set on his goals Kanye....
Then listen to the old kanye
His tweets are weird and it's creeping me out. Kim pass the phone to Kanye pls
Truth will do that to a sleeping slumber
You don't get my point sir,Kanye is always ranting but his tweet lately is making me want the old Kanye,I miss the old Kanye.
Back on the democratic plantation Kanye? I know right!? Wasn’t it great when he just stayed in the orthodoxy of victimhood?
As it is now i don't know what to belief,it's all a show off. I want the old Kanye!
The Information Age isn't obligated to make you smart, it's just the title we gave to the advancement of technologically-driven platforms by which information is more easily accessible and abundant, it's us to the individual to use it rightly. So wisdom isn't an inherent result?
The result will reveal the extent of wisdom, frame of reference, limitations of the mind. We must go beyond Wisdom to get understanding, where true social change occurs.
Yeah, ok...
You as hell are starving for wisdom... intelligence too.
I got fed
Our moms always said the tv would turn our brains into mush .. it’s happened #yeezy
i honestly don't want you to get totally lost in celebrity craziness - maybe step out the bubble Kanye get away from it all man
Tom west is on a rant like his buddy @realDonaldTrump
I’ve heard @TonyRobbins say that and it’s true... faith with no works is the beginning of delusion
The Bible tells us that in the last days knowledge would increase and that wickedness would also grow right along with it. Knowledge without wisdom is a dangerous thing.
.....They are not looking for resolution it will put a lot of  people who made a career  and acquire wealth out of VICTIMHOOD .... obsolete. So they fan the HATE daily instead of seeking resolution 
And you’re dropping wisdom are you?
If you're starving for wisdom, may I recommend that you follow more than just your wife's Twitter?  Expand your influences.
Data without understanding is meaningless.   True.    ///  In business - as in life -  knowing the VALUE of things is the key to prioritizing.    Enlightenment is the golden bridge to FREEDOM.    Keep on pursuing the truth.    It will set us all free... if we have the courage....
Get @ me homie ...let's build
LIKE IF KANYES YOUR DADDY
The United States is divided. "They" want us divided, because it weakens us.  We are STRONGER together. YOU have an opportunity to change the world & bring people together. Work w/Trump to bring the world together Kanye.  #TheGreatAwakening
That manner of thinking says people are free to choose as long as it's in agreement with you and it's wrong to think differently than you do.

It really comes down to being grounded. You are accurate when you say love is at the heart of things. Sadly, many don’t love themselves and therefore do not know how to respect and love others. We are in challenging times indeed.
And you’re starving for coherence
You are right I must submit!
Hot take Ye
With knowledge comes wisdom.  One should educate oneself rather than just going along with the group-think mentality like a bunch of sheeple!
Wisdom is in your own heart do the right thing and respect people and respect life
why?
Sorry Kanye, these negative tweets you’re getting are from racist followers. Also they are jealous of you.
I am Superhighway
People are not in harmony with each other because they are not in harmony with themselves. We, the human race, were ALL force fed belief systems (as babies/children) that are not ours. We must have the courage to change programmed beliefs that do not offer harmony with the self.
We are ALL born with infinite wisdom. We were ALL born to be lovers. We were ALL born to be free. We were ALL programmed to judge others and judge ourselves based off of a belief system that is not ours! Wisdom flows through self discovery, Self Love and changing stored beliefs.
People are also legitimately starving while others charge $1000 for shoes  sooo... 
He preaches about love and wisdom yet he’s part of the bigger problem. It’s hypocritical imo
I chose to reply to that tweet because he used the word “starving” which I find ironic since the literal word will never apply to him. Hence the greed I pointed out. But my criticism isn’t limited to this tweet it’s him as a whole. I just found this particular tweet comical
If anyone lacks wisdom, let him ask God who gives to all generously without withholding;
It's being  censored by those that are trying to censor you and threaten you.
#Exaggerated sense of self-worth. 
#Kanye sitting comfortably, blowing his own horn  
Incredible lack of awareness and #Inaction 
#Spewing hackneyed old sayings believing his is wisdom.
Listen to age of information by lil b. Trust

Dude shut up no one cares
All this information and you still think slaves had a choice
My man
"The fear of the Lord is the beginning of WISDOM. And the knowledge of the Holy One is UNDERSTANDING." (Prov 9:10)
Yes and its aweful. So many  have no clue. Xannot even think for them selvels!  Thats scarry
Information is not Knowledge!  100 percent agreement with you. Stand tall and keep fighting the Good fight.
Google is a wonderful thing just keep TV off /don't watch news /it's all fake has been since hypocrites wrote that bible! jfk mlk 911 was all lies on all channels
too much information can confuse wisdom
You Disappointed me @kanyewest . I USED to ha e your back, when others wrote you off. However this Slavery comment you made is where I get off the boat.

Read more. Research more. Think before sending out Unsubstantiated Tweets.
No Person who was enSlaved Had a choice... Bruh?!?!
Reflection is the process of transforming information to wisdom. Need to spend more time being comfortable with our thoughts and engaging in honest introspection.
Expert answer to a pathetic rapper.
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
begone THOT
The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: and the knowledge of the holy is understanding.
Proverbs 9:10 

No God, no wisdom
Know God, know wisdom
We meaning, your people and you?
You think you not starving for wisdom. Kanye I think you need help
Now you just spoke some sense
So true
We’re starving for God and His word in our country.
In the Information Age… disinformation and #FakeNews are the real #AssaultWeapons
You starving for attention. STFU
He's not starving for attention because everyone is giving it too him...
So true!
I'd be happy if most had even common sense let alone wisdom.
common sense is not very common
We’re in the blockchain age Kanye.

Tell the people how powerful Bitcoin is.

Do it Kanye, do it.
Do it Kanye. We know you believe it.
You found your phone again didn't you? I knew @KimKardashian wouldn't hide it well.
I bet Kim is the one tweeting all these while. Like I'm still shook on his tweet and all
The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom.
Fact 
I want Kanye to be saved and be in heaven. I think he is a nice person trying to find his way
I always like Kanye. His music and confidence. I always felt he was a bit misunderstood, but a lot cocky LOL. I always figured he was saved, Jesus Walks and other lyrics made me think that, but some things that are said like "I'm a rap god" or whatever...I dont get down with that
He said “I am a god” that was the name of the song. But unsaved can’t act saved and he is his own god so he’s not lying. Let’s pray for him! !!!
Right! I don't blush at much, but "I am a god" is too far for my liking. Blasphemy is nothin to play with.
Ps .... #maga ;)
Yes!

I'm wondering what the effect will be once the US embassy is moved to Jerusalem. Declaring Jerusalem the Capital of Israel might have some Heavenly effects. We'll see!
Many people’s brains already starved to death so yeah
sending nudes to everyone who RT this tweet
KANYE IS MY DADY
Just Stop. He’s not focusing you. Clout chaser
Everyone is constantly on social media, taking selfies and watching reality tv and have no clue about actual reality at all.
... so maybe grab a plate...? Because, you sir, are spewing a particularly ridiculous brand of nonsense.
You're part of the illuminati and you worship the devil
#proverbs1019
Haha and you’re the man to awaken us, huh? #delusional
Yes!!! 
What good is information without knowing the power of your information. Information is an instant kick. Wisdom is a lifelong struggle.
We can use our technology to create soothing sound
#deep
Because wisdom and information are never the same. Jesus Christ is the wisdom of God. The wisdom the world needs so badly. #wisdom
If you know the source from where wisdom comes from, you can never starve. Most people are just looking for it at the wrong source #bible
Wisdom is knowledge - experience 
Knowledge is different from wisdom. Some people know drugs are bad, but still try them or use them

woke
Amen
No one is starving for wisdom, it is available.
So true
Try reading a book, maybe start with some history.
Lots of good stuff online too.
Te has estado tirando unos buenos tweets lately 
I’m starving for food rn smh
And book smarts and wisdom are two different things.  Which is why so many highly educated people are idiots.
@steph93065 Damn!  And to think, it’s not even Tuesday, yet!  Right on, Kanye!
Tabloid news has taken over our information systems!
Ya think?
I see you’ve discovered a mirror.
Because we are too busy trying to rewrite the book rather than open it up and read it.
That's right & there ain't none in this White House.
Everything is fake true misleading or bias
It’s called growth
My man! Better than HRC
Yeah, I don't get it.
The fear of God is th beginning of wisdom.
Thanks Kanye, very cool!
say whatever you want ! don't mind the haters!
You and your family is missing wisdom
The same can be said of you and yours.

#FigureItOut
No not a problem
Brother wisdom has totally abandoned you 
@WhatTheWiz
Says the PENDEJO
Maybe you are just starving for attention haha
That is why the likes of @jordanbpeterson are so important
This is Not a wisdom starved society Ye, it's at the touch of our fingertips. You are so lost
I know the shit you've had to endure to 'make it' it'll only get worse #GETOUT!!!
Read the Book Of Mormon. I guarantee it will change your life for the better if you read it seriously! #Wisdom
Starving for wisdom and doing nothing right with it
Maan shut it, how about apologizing for ONCE.
Don’t be stealing quotes
lol mostly all his tweets are, but never gives credit. Hmmm not so genius..
you guys are so mean and lame. honestly at least he is Kanye West you are a nobody.
You’re a nobody too sooo.....
I’m tired of the boxes that the elite have put us in. We need to embrace our uniqueness, our individualism and rejoice in our humanness and togetherness brought together by genuine LOVE  and sincere gift of self out of that love.
Boom! Wisdom!
Yep u r , better start rapping country western boy.
Sorry the information age is over..we are in the age of DECEPTION...Dont you know you are being deceived???
If your following MSN, you may want to open the hood and investigate EVERYTHING they say. Who they are, who pays them...  http://www.qanon.pub 
Information doesn’t equal knowledge..
Trump doesn't think you are his equal
 No matter how you work hard to love him, you are a fraction for him.
as for yourself.


@LILBTHEBASEDGOD -
Just . You are no philosopher. You are a famous person that has lost his grip on TRUE reality. Look at your life. You can’t speak on much. Stick to giving advice from YOUR reality. Things like how much ass your wife should show on social media, etc. You’ve lost all credibility.
It's the difference between intelligence and wisdom
Said the village idiot
We aren’t but others are #MAGA
Woopdity scoop
Hopefully nobody will take any from you
"What's so special about media? It's the spreading of darkness at the speed of light. It can be, it can be." Terence Mckenna - Eros and the Eschaton
Preach
Knowledge of self is everything
And you only looking in certain places for people with wisdom.
@pmacidhead
@kanyewest  check out church of the highlands wisdom message from yesterday
this is the age of knowledge. The information has already been there but people get to obtain KNOWLEDGE.
Don't worry. As you'll learn... If you do it right, it comes with age.



Very cool!
Stick with Q, he's trying to reverse it!
The real Iran deal, from Q's latest:
Wisdom can't be found on the internet. It comes with life experience.. but only  to those patient enough to cultivate it.

#PC and the Left stifling the #1A
Truth
And you got none of it
I would also lament Kanye “We as a Nation” are starving for Spirituality, God, or Jesus? No man can do 4 our Nation what God or Jesus can do with thru the Power Of Prayer! 
Totally agree!!
Amen.
The sheeple have proved your point. On everything. I get you.
True. Knowledge and wisdom most of the time go in separate ways.

There are plenty of humble, ordinary people much wiser than knowledgeable ones.
I am 65 and full of wisdom...
knowledge speaks but wisdom listens
The beginning of wisdom starts with the fear of the Lord.
False fear is the beginning of self destruction.  God is love . fear is evil ... Simple
*points at you*
jodorowsky is the question
Knowledge Speaks.
Wisdom Listens.
Kanye, the liberals say Love Trumps Hate but don’t mean a word of it
and then you proclaim the likes of emma gonzalez your heroe?
Truth!  

“The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.” Proverbs 9:10
And Trump has that wisdom I’m guessing!  Grow a brain...can ye?
says the guy who lives behind armed guards and yet wants everyone else to be an easy victim....such wisdom
Ugh
extra terrestrials are real
I think you are misinformed. You're in search of enlightment but associate with frightened men, scared of their shadows shifting blame on the masses while robbing the treasury and our country of dignity. #word #NowYoureInformed
I'm starving for a good lasagna, my man.
Does that wisdom come with dragon energy or is it the other way around?
Wisdom exists out in reality
(not available in 2D or 3D)
"I grew old far too soon, and became wise far too late..."
Hello entertainer Kanye West. What is your opinion on the book, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness. by Michelle Alexander?
The Bible is the only Wisdom that works!
No way.
The age of Aquarius (information) swamps us with "fake news" & info all around, it'll settle down when King Moshiach/Mahdi appears Inshallah

B/c there is so little wisdom in the information....
Duh  You’re just a puppet. This is not coming from your heart.
So true!  Pure selfishness is foolishness.  Liberals revel in it.  Instead follow Jesus who is the way, the truth, and the life.  That’s true wisdom!!!
Conservatives revel in it too... lol..
PREACH

know thyself. wisdom found within. rock those chakras Kanye!
Yes they are!
Because of mainstream media and their messages that lack wisdom and meaning. Please, tell me how informational and positive your music has been of late? Used to love your music but damn has things changed.. and it ain't for the better.
@LILBTHEBASEDGOD I hope you are both in communication #TheAgeOfInformation
starving for truth & wisdom . in the age of information , ignorance is a choice .
We need wisdom that comes from God alone and can be found through the reading of His word!
Starving for truth. Truth is something intrinsic that is inside us. That's why you get a hunch, why you feel invigorated when you see it.

Yes, you too. We do not read, listen, take time out to think nor put things in context.
Shameful!

Hence the name of the age...
People are going to start agreeing. Watch this slowly unfold
I’d like to add Mr. West, Understanding is wisdom and folks just aren’t being educated to test their assumptions.
Wisdom comes from the Lord. Proverbs is a good place to begin.
guck you kanye youre are not an a wisdom
How’s freshman year going?
“My son, do not let wisdom and understanding out of your sight, preserve sound judgment and discretion;”
Proverbs 3:21 NIV
