Love u , i know u are for the people. But ur shoe prices are hellllllla marked up. I love em tho.
Imma hold you to it
You'd better not be trying to revive Bitconnect!
What prices?
Seriously  y u guys think he's talking 'bout crypto tho
Sir my baby is hungry, plz hurry!!
Kanye say the B word 
I luv u
Ok that’s scares me 
Trumpian con man.

Yes you are right trx will go to $1 @justinsuntron
What about when  you reach fair labor practices and no longer participate in sweat shop labor. You are the worst
#Bitcoin to 50K by the end of the year? I need to know Sir.
dont shoot man there is a woman in the car...
Ripple and Doge to $1000
Dow 30k?
yay - then I can finally buy the Agoura/Calabasas Yeezy pants!
is Kanye West Satoshi Nakamoto???
Hahahahaha
Coming from a guy that overcharges for shoes, your not for the people your here for the profit.

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
Are you sucking on Trump to ensure your fashion line imported from China will remain cleared from tariffs?
Is this more Walmart in nature or cryptocurrency?
Kindly consider fair labour in human conditions for the workers creating Yeezy. That's what matters to most of us. Affordability is key-inflation should not. You have such a powerful platform, show us how spreading love should really be done!

Ye i just wanna a pair of some 350 so bad u are the current don of thevfootwear game of our generation
So this is long overdue @mirameenah
You better
30$ u said nah ?? FR ??
Soooo.... $BTC to 2 million just after @officialmcafee eat's his dick? Paaamp it! 
#BITCOIN
Can I shill you $TRX?
Kanye is woke AF.  He knows $trx is garbage.
And #xrp isn't?
This makes me think that that all old Yeezy's will become even more expensive. His goal is to reach a retail value of less than $100 a pair.
I actually respect this. At least make a high end and low end.
@andreibasp yeezys a 300 conto, eu acredito

Been waiting for lower prices, or not having to wait in line, or enter a raffle just get a pair for years bro
30$ yeezys for all !!
...how will you reach the price point? I’m assuming sweatshop labor is the answer. That’s not love bro.
50k by the end of the year sir ? $crypto :)
BTC 250k
So then I will be able to afford it now???
buy $xvg !
Thanks for being on the #cryptocurrency squad @kanyewest. We appreciate you holding true to your promises
yeah what about the inventory
4
Lad.
This guy is deluded
Come and play Hull please Kanye <3

@kanyewest hire me 
Yesss I would be bathing in Yeezy if I could afford it
Yeah ok mrs Kardashian.  #getout


Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 
Suuuure!
True
Bitmex 100x or go home!
Good, but we still want Exclusivity
@alex_cruzzz44
You truly are disconnected from society.
Kanye bullish? #BITCOIN
I guess it’s a long road to those prices, huh?  #MayonaiseColoredBenzIPushMiracleWhips #Fashion #WTFye #CmonMan
When fam
BTC à $25k? @kanyewest
We will reach the prices I've promised
Is this a #bitcoin thing?! OMG FOLLOW ME TO LEARN MO'!
Kanye when? #bitcoin
Kanye look in to poe! One hell of a project
Launch Yeezy coin
Branch off adidas and issue stock pls
Are you on #bitmex ?
WHEN COINYE PUMP?
Kanye elaborate?
$btc 80k ? THANKS SIR. MU FAMAILIE NIIDI IT
$YEEZY
Buy bitcoin Kanye.

yeezy for #tron @Tronfoundation @justinsuntron
The price to sell us out to the Russians on behalf of your pal?
Please sir, my children are starving. Pump the prices up! Please sir. Bitcoin 20k atleast
Talking about #Bitcoin and #cryptocurrencies right?
#kanye when moon
nothing wrong with price rn ye.
up
The Human Price... White Fucks Kanye Changing SHIT.... Lololol... At the DMV laughing hysterically
Xannax isn't good Kanye
Please sir, when lumbo? When moon sir? Thanking sir
HEY, KANYE, DO U KNW WHTS GOIN ON IN AFRICA MY BROTHR...LEFT 2 YA IMAGINATIONS ...HALA!
When moon sir
Can you set a target for $DRGN Sir, your favorite bags.
let's talk target for $drgn when it will be 1 mili mcap
Idk if he has a Twitter or else I’d @ him myself.  wish i saw people wearing heron
Call Jay up , just close the deal.. we need watch the throne pt2
All the boys in the burbs buying yeezy clothes like
#bitcoin $BTC is going to run
$btc 1mio by 2020
Pleaseeeeeee I need yeezys dawg
How about Heron Preston’s prices?  He comes out with absolute fire
I’m a fabric merchant!! Let’s talk! DM me and we can make it happen! 
I just want more accessibility. I work damn hard and I’m cool with the price. My crew and I have tried to get 350’s and it just isn’t happening. Please, help your sister out!
Yaaaaaaas
Let's hope so cause the tweet before this one "affordable prices" seemed to be a "HUGE CAP "
Thats hysterical
Plzzzzzzz 
Yeah bring the prices down just a lil yeezy so I could cop a pair. That’s my guy
if any of your tweets sound presidential this is the one
If I get 350s or 750s he gets my vote
I work for free
Man 1B dollars is a lot of money, but with the power and influence and capability he has, he can definitely hit it. He just needs to commit and he will meet his goal in no time. Good Luck brutha 
What about other countries where yeezy hasn’t reached yet and you can only buy them at a humongous resale price? Are they gonna be available in Romanian stores?
:)
Can we get a Yeezy x Target collab?????  Thats the only way ill ever affor it
Hope so...... 
Stars*
Mhmmm
You’re not even the best rapper of last 20 years....@kanyewest did @KimKardashian forget to refill your psych pills?
Make more yeezys!!
Make them 100
Let me work for you
Thank you friend

@WAASIKeso - NAME 
Official Music Video 

#WAASIKeso 
…
Still couldn’t afford it
The new Shaq shoe
This year?
We need those Yeezy’s to be cheaper... for the poor homies like myself
This is the real Kanye
Cool 
Yep yeezy's are falling off
and bring it to buenos aires please with a fucking show of course
degalo en pas ya entendió

deja de meterte en nuestras conversaciones

If We Don't Reach The Prices?

Yeezy down with the BTC. Good call it's about to touch the sky
Hi Kanye! I’m available to manage yeezy & I will do a good marketing.
Closet will be only Yeezy 
Please keep don't retro all the gear that I paid the price for....I don't mess with nike or jordan for this reason YE!!!
I believe
Use blockchain
After you've made a few billion. We know.
Why don't you do something to help humanity with your time instead?
No resell No yeezy
I can't even get a response from Yeezy supply though?
Please adopt me i don't have a dad
You know the way you’re telling us this? Can you also tell us if we are getting hired by Yeezy or not? I just feel like it’s something that should be addressed. Tia
lol
Lower? 
after you've fleeced everyone that have money.. you drive the price down and fleece everyone else..
When? It’s been 3+ years since Yeezy officially became a brand. Shoes are still sold in limited quantities. Clothes are still FAR from being affordable. I want to have faith in your mission, but’s it’s kinda hard to when you haven’t really made any strides in this regard.
T shirts went from $500 to $120, shoes went from 10k units to 50k-60k. Yeah the clothing is still far from affordable but you can’t ignore the process it’ll take time
Here's your change 


But Ye, what about the resellers/bots who constantly jack up prices on my ur products
Ye, we care about inventory levels. What good is the price going down if we still can't get the shoes? 
He's talking about Cryptooo
Sarkodie
North give daddy his phone back
Bless you  I can’t wait to be able to support you even more.
Yeezy product is not accessible to those living in the under 32K income bracket- which sums up the majority of Americans... reach real people and you will reach your goals.
@kanyewest you should go on shark tank just for fun. Imagine their faces 
Kanye is back
What are you going to do about availability ? And resellers cheapening your brand.
Thank you yeezy.
My monthly budget:
Mortgage: $1100
Car Payments: $700
Yeezy kids clothes for my kids who change sizes every six months: $40,000
Someone who is good with money please help my family is hurting
Buy one get one free??
nice!
Kanye full on Crypto.
Affordability and the market don't often speak the same language. Look into Eames and how they wanted to create affordable, great furniture, and then look at how their chairs are being sold today.
You are the greatest, wish I could afford your amazing shoes/apparel.
I've got lots of ideas for the perfect Running Shoe. Hit me up.
Can’t wait ... 
Hey, Kanye. We would make great friends.  #ShootingMyShot
Get a grip
You came thru with the production quantity promises so I actually believe this 
Yes Ye we knew you would deliver
A blockchain for emotions.

yay thank god i might be able to afford it
Like as in I can buy yeezy's with my deadass salary kind of prices?
2024
Yessss

