I don’t think pineapple belongs on pizza!!!!
Speak up for what you believe in.
|￣￣￣￣￣￣|
|   Pineapple    |
|   Doesn’t       |
|   Belong on   |
|    On pizza    |
| ＿＿＿＿＿__| 
(\__/) || 
(•ㅅ•) || 
/ 　 づ
Canadian bacon, pineapple, black olives and jalapeños make a perfect pizza
Canadian bacon??? or HAM???
Always Canadian bacon.....ALWAYS
canadian baxon is American ham
Idk. It's delicious

i think bitcoin is the future
i believe the children are our future
The children are buying bitcoin
Okay fine, Fuck Roman Reigns. There.


PLEASE SUPPORT -- SIGN -- RETWEET!  #MAGAStrikesBack
If U R tired of being SHADOW BANNED, TWEETS DELETED, or getting LOCKED OUT from your account for bogus reasons by Twitter - PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION! It's time 2 hold Twitter's CEO Jack Dorsey…
PLEASE SUPPORT -- SIGN -- RETWEET!  #MAGAStrikesBack
If U R tired of being SHADOW BANNED, TWEETS DELETED, or getting LOCKED OUT from your account for bogus reasons by Twitter - PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION! It's time 2 hold Twitter's CEO Jack Dorsey…
Shut cho gayfish ass up!
You fell off after college dropout
Ya moms fell off after she had u
Ooof my lil bro gon be mad
That was a finesse move right there, cuz
It’s all love 

This shit is gold 
or stop talking when you have no clue what you're speaking on
That’s exactly what you need to do. Stop telling us what you think. This is like when my bipolar boyfriend decides when he’s manic he wants to express himself on social media. You just look nuts. Not creative or philosophical.
Han shot first.
who do i tell
Man shut up and take a nap
Okay, I want you to sign me Ye. There I said it. Make my dreams come true 
while y’all are here check out my open letter track to Kanye:

it’s fittingly called “GOOD”, and is a remix of “Big Brother”.

Say what ya need to say
Sometimes it’s important to think about things before you say them, We know you don’t know about that tho..
Huh?
He means don’t let thoughts rent space in your head. Scream and shout Let it all out 
Are you his interpreter?
Evidently
What if something are better unsaid
Is this an example of that Zen silence? #fail
He definitely has the not thinking part figured out
You can't do that!! You'll explode!


Kan ye not?
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt.
To speak is to explore, to be vulnerable to criticism, to show true bravery
To speak from a position of power, without understanding what you're speaking about, is dangerous.
But exploring does no harm. Kanye has not said anything definitive about the Republican party, he is raising ideas and asking questions. Why does this make people feel so uncomfortable?
Because when one group is actively carrying out oppression and rolling back democracy, "just asking questions" and "raising ideas" about how their leader is an OK dude...well, that isn't exactly helping.
He is a human. He is a brother of all of us, whether or not you recognize it. No one said Trump is an "OK dude". Kanye's point lies in separating the policy from the person.
"Hey, you know that senile racist who keeps stealing from people and sexually assaulting women? The guy so dishonest even his own lawyers don't trust him? I hate his policies, but I love him as a person. He has Unicorn Juice flowing through his veins, just like me."
Do you not have love for someone simply for being a fellow human? If not, learn how to love. It really helps.
After a long day of work, Kanye West goes to his Kanye Nest to take his Kanye Rest. He wakes up feeling his Kanye Best. Then he’ll get Kanye Dressed on his Kanye Vest to go on a Kanye Quest. He goes to church and becomes Kanye Blessed, then to a hotel room to be a Kanye Guest.
Then to school to take his Kanye Test. He forgot to brush his teeth. Did he run out of Kanye Crest? His neighbor stole it, what a Kanye Pest.
I call it analysis paralysis
808s & Heartbreak >
I think Jaden Smith hacked your accout
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
This is the story of my life.. Soon as I get rich like you, I'm always speaking my mind
This sounds like really bad advice tbh
hes right though. i cant think of anyone, right now, who might have benefited from thinking things through a little more

Liberals shut down free speech! It's dangerous to speak your mind these days! We need more people like you to break through the barriers that Democrats built up! Thank you, Kanye!
No, that’s what a lot of people on BOTH sides do. 1st thing 1st, stop trying to absolve your side of their responsibility in this... and get a damn pic for your profile.
Conservatives accept ideas from all unless it's vile and threatening!
The lies you tell. Perhaps you do, and a few others, but that has not been my experience with the majority of conservatives.
We will welcome you with opened arms and with love and peace, but we will not accept people who hate us for being conservative! We want fairness and justice for all and not just for the liberal elites!  We should all be treated fairly and not be put into groups to be abused!
Again, I think that applies to you and I’ll commend you for welcoming.. but that is not the majority.
Please have an opened mind and you will understand that we are trying to fight for all American's rights! We are American brothers and sisters and this country will not survive being divided into groups by the Democrats; that is their way of dividing and conquring!  Love you!
I appreciate the love! Remember, both parties do their part in dividing us, but yea, we need to move beyond this and unite eventually. Thanks for dialog.

Real talk 

Yes, l think you're genuine

Sentence construction had me like...
Damn, you still up?
What?
I get I Kanye basically you saying watch what you say.
$Eca #Electracoin
Real shit rite there 
I love America I love goodness I believe in making America Greater than Ever Before I Support President Trump 
Quickest way to end up talking to urself ....
Stop thinking about things for no time before saying what you think.
are you tweeting your fortune cookie fortunes
That’s good advice if you’re trying to suppress bad behavior
I believe when you are blessed you should be a blessing to others around you as quick as possible....... Make lives better if you're in a better position to do that.... Put smiles on people's faces.... Without being so boastful about it.
Nice.
So many people gunna quit their jobs because of this 
Is that what your screen name is?
Warum zum Teufel, sollte irgendwer auf deine Lebenstipps hören Digga. Gib erstmal Grund amina
Yeezus is incredible
I’m just chiefing here & reading all the tweets. There is a lot of friggin weird people out here. I’m fascinated.
about to roll up and do the same.
jus drop a song bro
Wut
I respect the fact that you’ve spent a lifetime talking without thinking yet. @kanyewest walks the walk here. That’s for sure.
Guilty!
I think it's best you just stay permanently quiet kid. #Newlevelofstupid
that was almost a sentence.


Would rock
You can get it here!
For $FREE.99?
Nah haha
 Life of Pablo was trash
Wow I feel better
I’m saying it..but getting no where...abortion is murder...
“Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt.”

—from a man who actually deserved to attain the office of POTUS.
אוקיי.
Stop tweeting about things for a long time
Idiot
Perfect, advice ..... “GO TF AWAY!”
So unfollow and make your dreams come alive
Maybe we should all think MORE before we speak
AGREE
HEADPHONES AND EARPIECES SHOULD TRADE NAMES

You and your soul dragon Trump should take your own advice.
Stop saying lots of things without thinking
Stop
filters are a good thing
stop thinking about things for a long time without saying what you think....example 1: if you “think” you are in a bad situation or circumstance, speak out about it to yourself or someone and that situation or circumstance will change. speak your change it into existence.
But the thing you have to understand is that not everyone wants a positive outcome. Some people should keep their thought and problems to themselves. Js
You need Jesus!
Jesus walked.
I did.  I got fired,  Now what
When u get fired ?? 
Lol..... Just following Uncle Ye's advice and inspire the youth.   Now what.   I got bills.
@ryanikelly_ you certainly said what was on your mind today
See but I did say what was on my mind because it was actually your name that I said
So we are cool now right
My jaw is still on the floor from this comeback. We’re 10% cooler now

Really like how Kanye has been part of this
He belongs
"Even a fool, when he holdeth his peace, is counted wise: and he that shutteth his lips is esteemed a man of understanding." Proverbs 17:28
Yeah but how much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? That's hard to stop thinking about, and just about harder to say...
If I said everything I thought I’d be in jail
So 3 seconds in Kanye time.
Also, yes that’s a Yeezus shirt and yes I think Kanye is great.
Your wife should keep her clothes on. @KimKardashian You are not a god.  Either you're manic or doing cocaine. That would explain the over inflated ego. @KrisJenner
You said what I was thinking all along!!! He really needs to get a grip with reality!
In Lion King, why did all the animals celebrate Simba’s birth when it just means one more lion to eat them?
They were there to celebrate the circle of life obv
Not everyone has the luxury of fame and fortune to shield them from repercussions.
hi I miss you like a lot
I can’t currently drive but once I can I will!
surgery today
 not a chance I want them things smaller
Facts
“Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt.” Abraham Lincoln
I do that. Even in my relationship. Ugh, whyyyy???!!!!
Don't hold things in. Tell people how you feel;instead of being angry or acting like they don't understand you. Kanye is right.
I ALWAYS SPEAK MY MIND TOO, KANYE! RESPECT
kanye whats your thoughts on marufuji winning the champions carnival
I love you
I already don’t do that
@Jackchauuu
Actually the problem in our world is that people say what they think w/o thinking about the consequences of what they say. 

We need to think long and hard, pray and seek God before we speak.
Ok tired of people masking ignorance as genius. You got people riled up to push album by supporting #MAGA Make America Hate Again movement & professing Love and allegiance to an evil man, Trump, while turning back on your community like Omarosa, Sheriff Clarke, Ben Carson. SHAME
We obviously couldn't care less about making ourselves look stupid just to make the point! @ovadosepeace #WitchSlayers2
Ok. Trump and those who support him are idiots.
I think you're an ignorant, uneducated, idiot using "Trump Love" to drum up publicity at the expense of real cultural awareness.
Kanye thinks slavery was "a choice" 
You need to ignore your own advice and think before you speak
This spoke directly to me.
I feel sorry for you. Never be ashame to ask for help brother you need mental help
counter-point: know what you're talking about.

u said you wanted to put the surgeon on ur album cover was a wake up call . Trump love made me angry but the dr. on the cover made me understand. The bitterness of having the only real one that was there at the beginning and is no longer here to see the success. I get it now.
You just solved my fucking problems Kanye
WOW: U.S. Soldiers Keep Their Cool While Being Screamed At While Shopping At Walmart [VIDEO]
Bravo to our servicemen!  America supports you and appreciates your service!
KENDRICK WON A PULITZER, KANYE WON A MAGA HAT
@EmmaGonzalezUSA is a hero?

This is the sound of chains breaking
This is the beat of a heart changing
This is a song of a soul forgiven
This is my freedom hymn

i have social anxiety
You’re a publicity whore
And look like you? No thanks.
Sick burn
steve jobs is dead
Preach Ye
It's crazy. Kanye says be a free thinker. Step out of the mental prison. Love not hate.

Peeps react like he says he wants to kill babies. Same ones that are also pro-choice...

Who doesn't want to embrace the small freedoms we have left after enslavement to govt debt?
@madibdib think you need to think a bit more beforehand tbh
£1000 down and I’ve just told him to block me x nice x
What is the point of having a blind prisoner?
That's why i don't have a Girl Freind lol
Friend* my bad
I dunno ... thinking before I spoke has done wonders for promoting love
Just say you think HAHAHAH “MICHELLE” “um what ???”
You tell them Mr Kardashian!!! @gregcorrie1
I think these dumb tweets are dumb

Word salad
Bird can’t fly in a cage
Pooping is fun.
LOL. I totally agree
Raphael was the best Ninja Turtle.
Wut.
Like what you did on sway in the morning right
This what i've been thinking about @kanyewest ODELL BECKHAM XX TallGuy xxx Audio Heroin - SoundCloud
Listen to ODELL BECKHAM XX TallGuy xxx Audio Heroin by Rob Scott #np on #SoundCloud
Okay, now you’re just tweeting random shit, Ye. 
Stop saying what you’re thinking...please.
If the democrats are so good, why don’t ppl like @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @cher take some home
ODELL BECKHAM XX TallGuy xxx Audio Heroin - SoundCloud
Listen to ODELL BECKHAM XX TallGuy xxx Audio Heroin by Rob Scott #np on #SoundCloud
It means HOLD Cryptocurrency. 
Wait, how come Yeezy?
Stop tweeting about things for a long time
DISTURBING: Rapper Calls On The "Crips" Gang To "F**k Kanye West Up" Over His Support For Trump [VIDEO]
I’m confused
When’s the Poopity Scoop music video coming out
Let me model your clothes then. There I said it.
thoughts mean a lot, you can even talk with your thoughts Ye! you should check out this book of telepathy I got!
Yes I know exactly what you’re talking about !!!!
Lebron James is the greatest basketball player of all time
This is a smart person
Ok, I like the @LAClippers
@McDonalds is my favorite restaurant
@kanyewest never expected this.. Don't stop.. need daily tweets #qanon @realDonaldTrump
Damn felt that

Or in your case, start thinking about things for a long time without saying what you think.

Bro. You need to find a way to get through to people that it's about the idea not the person. You support the idea of the free speech, but hate the policies that ruin nations. You should take on an mlk kind of branding while still supporting the idea
Here’s what I think: you have an incredible platform to inspire people and make a difference , stop being fake woke and saying anything that makes you feel like you’re “ahead of your time”
I went through the door now and its great. I'm already way more focused. I feel so free. I had the best day. I bought my mom's a bed! She has no idea. I'm super excited. I got a beautiful grey wooden cabinet w/ smoked glass to go w/ It's coming on Fri:)
Well said
Thinking commonly gets in the way of knowing.
You right
ok. here goes... stop saying things ad nauseum without thinking about things
Ok Dad

Easier said than done Mr.West
Speak your mind Mr. Keenan
Con maaaaaaaane
@AHappyPandaa
....the discrimination of blacks is brought upon by themselves...
Really makes you think 
I think you're gonna have another Kanye motivational quotes appearance tomorrow, @CYFrampton...
Just when you think he's given it his all, he gives more! You may as well make it a weekly feature Sam

CÁLLATE UN RATO, QUERÍ
hueon me tiene hasta el pico
same
Why? 
How much he tweets is ridiculous but I like some of his tweets. We really all should be more true to ourselves and speak our minds and give more love.
I trade Kanye for Eminem 
am I the only one that has to reread this several times just to essentially not understand it. lol.
I’ve always wondered why we use terms like African American, Native American, Latin American, Asian American but we never use Euro American. It’s like white people are American and everybody else are just sub-Americans. Just something I’ve always thought about....
Bagel Bites are better microwaved all things considered MAN that feels good to say
This doesn’t work in corporate America
Fine i’ll say it..........Poopy di scoop
Scoop diddy whoop
Whoop di scoop di poop
People should be learning about #Litecoin Now-  #LTC can emancipate all of us, from the fiat scam.
Meh... Charlie Lee is even considering abandoning Litecoin.
Hey Johnny Bitcoin - Satoshi Nakamoto abandoned the #Bitcoin project and were doing just fine.  Charlie Lee, is very committed to #Litecoin so why do you say your FUD? If your going to spread lies about @SatoshiLite  tweet them to him so he can respond.
Sometimes I jam out to Christian rock for a solid few minutes before I realize what station my radio’s been on.
Christian rock is awesome

Opposite of this advice, champ
Sometimes keeping what you think to yourself helps alot to avoid looking dumb on a global scale
Stop saying shit without thinking through it at all lol
Yeah I'm gonna take life coaching from someone married to a Kardashian who lives in a rich white suburb. Let me get right on that.
stop saying many things before thinking on them.
Here, lemme try it;

Kanye West is a joke, and I’m glad now that more people are recognizing it after his idiotic support of Donald Trump. 

Wow! You were right!!
Epic thanks Kanye!
