Now youre just speaking crazy talk. No thank
Break the norm by disrespecting a race. Nice Kanye
But if I miss my bus I will get fired hun x
We stopped having meetings because they were very repetitive now is not having a meeting now in turn repetitive?
Maldivas 
https://wellworldofficial.com 
I think he's just fine
Hope so, interview was good, check it out
Most music nowadays is repetitive. That’s why I listen to metal. Lots of variety in metal. :/
Is there such a thing as "normal"?  Thank you for spreading love, sharing your genius in creativity, & supporting Candace Owens.  You both get it!!!
Walking meetings
@oliviabPR
I’m with you on that one 

UY@#mt d
Try to avoid the grain husks     do lauterings in different places and at different times than the normal     break the normal
I can’t believe I ever liked you. With your money you can go back to school and actually learn something.
He can go back to school and be brainwashed just like you...   
Use     Tabs
Ur family is so dysfunctional from Kourtney and Scott to you and Kim and Khloe and Tristan you people are really screwed up
U my never read this but u r a interesting dude all around
Do meetings
Just watched the TMZ http://taping.Love  how you blame society for you being a hippocrite and getting http://lipo.You  went and got that done.Shake it off like a man and move on if somebody judges .You are your own judge.Apparently you didnt feel good about yourself .
As long as you keep giving us great music,thats all we care about.We all could give a damn what you weigh or what you look like.Time for group.
sometimes I do y not like Ynot, i do flipmodes too. only on the weekeneds n in healthy outlets tho like i do "great" not great else muhfuckas can get "great" from the great

Your clothes are boring repetition

Tyler at this time at this place?
This sparks energy and creativity indeed! The soul has new ground to contest with and brings about newness! The old inhibits stagnation and comfort! Push yourself through comfort to uncomfortableness 
Kanye west    send me your 2 new albums     if you can travis too cuz I need something to compare too    im coming for you one day
You are the defenition of not normal 
But you come out with the same product every time?
The very construct of your language was designed for and out off repetition.
Invent new language to avoid repetition.
Break the mold. Swim upstream. Be yourself. Be willing to change. Be humble.
Your account is beautiful
@1NDYB take note... we’ll do our next meeting in the car park.
Ha, perfect see you there. Carpool karaoke meetings are the way forward.
You could have used a little repetition before that liposuction 
You got disrespected by Maxine....she is saying you talked out of line....dude that's plantation shit..i would get all over her shit...pfff....thats how we have been treated West...break this FUCKN chain once and for all..
Great advice! Changing small habits in your daily routine opens the mind and helps creativity.
That would mean you should get off Twitter for a while.
Perez ,your a dippshit..like you have a hold on life to preach...get a book..educate yoursel5
right harry let's not resort to swearing that's a respected man you're talking about
i agree he is a bit of a trumpet

#kanyelifematters
Kanye West, said #BREAKTHENORM 
http://www.cdbaby.com/rhythmandpoetry  #KANYEWESTFORPRESIDENTOFTHEUSA
@LOVEDISWORLDENT
I love @kanyewest
#KANYEWESTFORPRESIDENTOFTHEUSA! #KanyeForPresident http://www.cdbaby.com/rhythmandpoetry  #KanyeWest #KimKardashianWest to become #TheFirstLadyofTheUSA
@RHYTHMJENKINS
#TOD #T8KeOvAorDi3

Are you reading this, bossman?
I see what u doin w the typing space ye
What’s really wrong with this tweet?    #didimisssomething   Think it’s a decent idea at the least.
Scoop Diddy Poop
KANYE YOU ARE NO WHERE CLOSE TO BEING THE BEST ROCK STAR IN A BILLION YEARS . YOU ARE THRASH
Fuck off pal. How this has 50k plus likes.
Kanye West, doesn’t like Black people!!!
Actually this is true. The're studies that show that when you break routines, like taking a different way to work causes the brain to produce dopamine which makes us more happy and we get a feeling of wellbeing
So naturally when you feel you will preform better at what you do and even do something that you normally wouldn't do...

Ye - make new kicks in red so i can match my hat
Kanye is teaching us how to assassinate someone
try meeting trump in the white house then bruh ....
Kanye what's wrong

What is wrong with people? If you don't like a tweet, scroll on or unfollow. I appreciate your words Kanye.
Bspw. um 04:37 Uhr in der Garage wäre richtig geil und dann diskutieren, ob es einen Geburtstagsverteiler geben soll... So macht Arbeit Spaß.
Es IST SO
@kanyewest starting to sound like someone who has been lost his whole life but has now read Chapter 1 in a self-help book and has ALL the answers for the whole world.
Way ahead of this one :)
Your trying to avoid repetition but you tweeted the same photos of clay or some shit like 5 times already
Why tho?
And always have an agenda to save time ;)
Well @kanyewest if too many people try and break the normal doesn't breaking the normal then become normal? Your logic is flawed freind
Is attention or pity the goal? Wwjzd?? You have to ask yourself.
Grace
Harvey Weinstein tried the different places for meetings / interviews (hotel room, bathroom) didn't work out so well. Maybe we stick to the norm on this one.
I hope you avoid repetition too and try @Pornhub's version of Kim's ass
Hell yeah... feds are watching
Someone agrees!!!
Ogeni ontin pariwo Gu.#keep shut#
You really do think your something special.. some kind of super mind! When really you’re nothing but a patronising twit who is known now for being married to a Kardashian!!... you’re not impressive!
Break pattern
Like at a funeral home?

But what if everything IS right there in the same space? You just let go to access it.
Now THIS I DEFINITELY agree with!
I checked my phone all through to see if you dm'd me, :(
Avoid repetition?  Wait-should I ... retweet or...?
You’re an idiot
David brent book of management?
like my mom when she first got a new phone. She just didn't know how to use it. so she wrote like this :) like.... 
hello son    i can not find the dot   please explain next time we meet   thank you   i love you
Drug dealers have been doing that all along
repetition is the easiest way to learn a skill
I thought @LilTunechi  said “repetition is the father of learning” tho  #YeezusForPresident or #PresidentCarter ?? 

“There’s another HIT Barry Bonds” 

@kanyewest  SEE ME BROTHER
thats real

BRING ICARLY TO BRASIL

What is this LinkedIn?
Uniform can be good , tho
@IfYouSeekPau me when Jesse asks me why i move around the office so much
It’s called “pattern disrupt” and it works
I can you c can G in big can come inby h can  hecanbecheck
Hi in, him in case not c hi in CA
Sound like someone went to a noon meeting...fob

But repetition is good for kids...
Meet me by the kfc by the ghetto bey 2:00 pm
Sorry Kanye i live in Whitewater WI you think i have a variety of options here? It’s so bad i go to the same coffee shop everyday who continually has no half&half and whose staff forgets the leave room for cream.. everyday... help
You added like 7 spaces call the fuck down their you psycho

Very wise recommendation
Kanye I have a job I can’t meet till after 5 I told you this I’m sorry
Which is a pain for most people 
Change it up dog.
Hi Kanye you are very good at coming up with practical ways we can see opportunities to be happy in everyday life and I think that is lovely love noah
That sounds inconvenient.
What the fuck does that mean Kanye West ??!?

poo and pee in pant
This will be a tough one, but challenge accepted!! #breakthecycle
Like in the bathroom
But I only have one bathroom.
v. practical advice.
Stir it up. Bob Marley.
@kanyewest 
This is exactly why The Carters don't let your kids play with theirs... Smh
How are you in my feed?  BLOCKED!
- Michael Scott
DMZ?
Mix it up. Don't rest on our laurels.
Literally did that today, funny enough
@ClearyRoberto 
What's ur issue with this tweet CR? I value your opinion
I just  can't stand Kanye's act...
Imagine if everyone in the world was normal...
The left is very dangerous when challenged.

break the normal!!! you’re speaking for me and so many others. you’re moving people and society forward
what if you continue to break the normal to a point where breaking the normal becomes the normal?
For why ?
Dope boy rules
Do a meeting in the LBC THEN . Oh that’s right you’ve been banned .
“Pick up from different dealers”
Why don't you just go lay down somewhere and leave us alone
Poop Diddy poop
did you ever get that marble conference table?
I want to see a kanyewest Jay-Z tour. By the way, lift yourself! Totally enjoyed the message lmfao! Be free ye!!! #yourstillthetruth
@cthagod I think Kanye West is going to create controversy each week for 7 weeks and drop a new song based on said controversy each week!
Clearly he’s referring to his spacing and lack of punctuation.
True.  I wanted to ask you a question my son was doing clean lyrics since he was a kid and the powers that be didn’t let him in the door what do you think about that discussion
SOURCE: “Somehow I Manage”  Michael G. Scott, Scranton PA #MichaelScott #theoffice
Gonna end up in the middle of the ocean at 4 pm
Stick to politics, you made more sense.
BUT, if you aren't willing to accept comment/critism, them all of your out of the box theories don't mean diddly.
ok
Can you please use punctuation?
Does Kanye know about punctuation?
“Poopidy scoop
whoop de poop”
Kanye. Can you show me that you love me too, a person that you do not know. If you make me a drawing I'll make one for you too!
Very good business move. I will use that tactic
Talk to ppl with different opinions outside your own and agree to disagree and show them love .
You have to make a normal to break a normal
ok now u gone too far
Very true
Great advice Mr. West! You should also provide a written agenda, and nutritious snacks.
I hope you use a VPN and and Tor as well ;)
Gringo
Don’t tell Tristan this!
I like taylor swift now
Are you using a metaphor for your abnormality?
Drink lots of water. Pet the wall if you start freaking out.
LOOK AT STUFF DIFFERENT
But that just isn't convenient kanye. Derrick needs his report by 10am, can't be having the pre req meeting with Colin at 11!
@cursorclub
I love the way you think
@kanyewest Do You Son! Feeling it
Exactly how Mob bosses think. #trump mindset
My team has scrum everyday at 10:00 in the same conference room what should I do ?

Is this    Why you are 
  Spacing out your   Letters so 
      Far  apart?
Kanye can we schedule a meeting in Aruba at 2am under the starlight. Feel like we could have some real deep talk 
If you guys help this is actually not unrealistic of happening.
Shut up
Lol sorry?
Preach
Who did Republicans run for President in 1964 and what was his platform?

What did Republican strategist Lee Atwater say about desegregation and school bussing?

Thank you Kanye, Very cool!
Órale guau no se me hubiese ocurrido
jajajjaja me da mil risa la gente que lo favea y rt como si estuviera diciendo cosas relevantes
Jajajaja ya se  la gente es bien gente y el Kanye todo un caso
What about schedules?  Going into flow for several hours of practice and gaining mastery over one's craft?  Context matters guy.
@RobertGreene
Poopity scoopity doop
“What TF John, it’s 3 am and why tf are white water rafting?!?!”
love this advice
Who will be the first musician or band to tour the world without burning any fossil fuels? I will pay money to see them and support them.
K mate
Tell that to my boss
Is that why there is abnormal spaces in that sentence?
@Martyn_Johnston @ScarlettHalf lmao
One of the only wise things Kanye has said in the past few weekS. TAKE NOTE 
Wise words.
Kanye, are you ok. It seems like you going off in the horizon!
