never trust a green bubble person
If there's anything that should be taken away from this tweet it's this.
only green bubbles will use tactics based on fear
Only a blue bubble deals in Apple-solutes

NAME ONE THING TRUMP HAS DONE BAD FOR PEOPLE OF COLOR @johnlegend . ILL WAIT.
Central Park 5 if we really wanna play this game
Really?  Because he (along with the justice system) determined they were guilty after a confession was given. 

They were exonerated, but Trump remained skeptical. And this makes him racist?

OJ was found innocent, I still think he did it (as do many others). Makes me racist?
You're making false equivalencies to two completely different cases, he took it a full page add advocating for the death sentence of teenagers, if they were white I sincerely doubt he would've done that. And they were exonerated but he was still skeptical? So?
You’re only claiming false equivalence because I challenged your point with a valid argument. 

Being skeptical of our justice system isn’t racist 

You want trump to be racist, it gives you a reason to hate, but like everyone else can’t find anything that actually supports that
No I called them false because they aren't the same I could care less about someone's political views. Conservativism isn't the same as pro-trump
I would categorize Trump as pro-American and not in the bubble of Republican or Conservative.
Lol nah
You tell them. They will try to manipulate your thought to try and silence the truth! DO NOT LET THEM!
Show the world what the "forces" will now do to try and silence your voice. All these liberals are coming out trying to silence a black man. That's how they do it. They want to silence you and keep the black community & celebrity community enslaved to the Democrat system!
Supporting Trump is a political position. You support a man because of his policies that you think will help the country. It's quite simple. Many people supported Obama for the same reason. It's not a controversial thing. People will try to silence you. DO NOT STOP TALKING!
This is how it works. Folks are scared. They do not want to see true unity in America. Get ready. The media right now is trying to dig up old dirt on Kanye. They're going to throw dirt on his name like never before. They're going to be trying to get fake sex abuse stuff too.
What policies of Trump's have been bad for people of color? Name one.
1. Racism
can you prove Trump is a racist instead of just saying it because it's what the "woke" kids are saying nowadays...?
Let’s just say that he’s tried to implement travel bans on Muslims, suggested that at Charlottesville there were bad people on both sides when white supremacists marched, he’s done nothing to help the sky-rocketing number of black-Americans being murdered or assaulted by cops...
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
it becomes personal when the person he supports has policies and views directly harming minorities.
Illegal minorities***
damn i didn’t know every single minority living in the US was illegal
"Illegal minorities" is probably one of the most ignorant comments ever lmao
How
Yo @johnlegend  don’t waste ya time , go hit the studio or play some piano he’s lost
He's "lost" because he doesn't think like you want him to think?

You don't have to like Trump, but he isn't a racist.

Na look up the Central Park 5 dude been a racist !!
Here....pass this out to all your ig'nant friends!


Trump doesn’t have that much hair
Liberals too don’t have that much brain
Punctuation mate. Learn that.
To which I respond there should be a comma after 'Punctuation'.
And I counter with; there should be a semicolon after "respond" and the period after "punctuation" should be inside the quotes.
I can’t hang. I just wanted to be facetious y’all slangin facts. 
Friends do not try to make you believe the way they do. They support you. I’m pretty sure some of your fans are probably conservatives also.
One of the greatest things a friend can do  is speak up when you’re wrong and hurting yourself or others. A good friend speaks truth to you - even if it is hard to say or hard to hear - *because* they care for you.
Supporting Trump isn't hurting anyone.  JL failed to make an argument to the contrary.
Supporting trump and what he stands for, and the uprising his position is bringing in the nation, while having children who are black is hurting him and his family. Kanye is on bad investment from living in the inner city with a son who could be victim to police violence.
His daughters are one bad connection from possibly being assaulted by someone who can use the excuse “well trump got away with it, who cares what i say and how i treat north”. It’s not a party thing no one cares that he wants to be a republican, the issue is he is supporting a
Man who is giving neo nazis, white suprematists, and other racists a platform and support. And those things are dangerous to not only people in the nation, but those three littles that call west daddy.

Can't unsee
Friends don’t screenshot friends to blow it up on twitter . All politics aside that’s not being a friend 
Legend was telling him to get back where he belongs and toe the line.... @kanyewest said no and its all out in the open so no one can BS the other... Im not even romtely a fan of Kanye but he has to protect himself even from his " so-called " friends
Trumps policies haven’t harmed anyone.
That is 100% untrue
The only people harmed by his policies are ISIS, Lawbreakers and Kim Jong Un. If that bothers you then you’re beyond help.
Trump even hurts his own voters.
Media - "could"

Reality - "Didn't"
Using fear to manipulate free thought, you mean like trump does daily?
All politicians do this. All sides.
whataboutism at its finest
Yes, that is exactly what y'all both did. Thanks for pointing out the obvious.
the convo was already about trump, thanks for playin tho
Obama does this, too. If a white person (including Trump) disagrees with him or calls out his bullshit, they are automatically a racist. See how this works?
Did you hear he is not president?
Did you forget that he was President, or is this another double standard?
I see Democrats have already sent out their underlings to try and rein you back in.
I have already been told this morning that I am a fake paid troll and that I am not black. The person telling me this didn't have the courage to put their photo on their profile like I did.
Disgusting I am glad more of you are being vocal
The stakes are too high to remain silent.
I agree it should be more like everyone else...look at white people we are split 50/50 basically on political parties should be about the same with Blacks..Its all about your values..
True.
Bot
Maybe you're a bot?
Trump made the unemployment go down to 4% that’s the lowest it’s been since 2000 more people of color have jobs now and the economy is catching steam tell me how that’s bad policy I’ll wait
Lies...with all the businesses closing due to the Trump tax cuts, unemployment is back up. Thousands of people can't lose jobs and unemployment be the lowest...
Literally the most leftist media CNN and there saying 13% of tax cuts will go to employees which isn’t small
President Trump is a human being like you are.. why don't you on the left try using some of your so called "tolerance" for the 65 million people that think the President is doing a good job..

And your wife wonders why we question your mental state.
he’s not okay
Stop.
bruh you’re not okay either
Who appointed you as the thought police?  Go away, tool.
if you actually think i can control your thoughts you seriously need help
okay josh take care buddy
“Manipulate my free thought”: you mean he’s trying to reason with you?
No, Legend's trying to manipulate Kanye with all the lies the democrats have been selling for decades. Get educated on the matter. An easy way is to watch @RealCandaceO videos, and then fact check her yourself.
Kanye is the GOAT idec anymore
Elite opinion


I can’t speak for the man but it seems like John brought up your fans genuinely and not just as a manipulation tactic but alright
Kanye West is a fake. He's using this controversy to make more $$$ and sell more records. This entire affair is a stunt.
yee would like to think so, wouldnt yee?! 
Keep strong in the face of this liberal hollywood & #MSM assault Kanye. They R the ones who will have egg on their face in a few years.  Imagine the lack of respect they would actually have for you if you did cave to their attempt at submission. But, U R a leader, not a follower.
He’s a big baby, it’s probably his wife telling him to text you that bruh
Puppets. Leave America if you have the chance. Their building a wall around you. Your all sheep
Really Kanye?? Whyyy!? That’s JL!
PARA COM ESSA PORRAAAAAAAAAA
Won’t be supporting his new music no more, it was getting awkward anyways
What harm have Trumps policies caused?  Especially people of color? Just regurgitating talking points of the Democrats without facts makes JL a sheep and will be HIS legacy.  Its ok to be black AND use your own brain #IStandWithKanye #FreedomOfSpeech #DragonEnergy
Free thought?! You have no thoughts!
Have you seen his twitter lol. "No thoughts"
Fat
You also seem like the type of person who gets mad when other fatshame so pick one
Shut up fad
Kys
Drink bleach whitey
I’m Black, fad
No proof whitey
Hey, @johnlegend ... LOOK!!!  Here's #PresidentTrump "harming" people of color!!  He's been harming them for years!!
Yeah he's just a lovely man.....WTF
Where did that come from? Do you have an actual source? Because I can make stuff like that all day long and I could make it say whatever I want it to. Fact check.
Your source is Trump. Let's fact check where Obama was born...ring a bell. Facts don't matter to hypocritical Trumpkins. Another fact for you.

And.....
Did you read it? It said there is no record of him saying that. Fact check. That's all.
You could question that source also. How have they verified that there is no record. We could do this all day.
Cuck Legend is triggered
Totally agree with @johnlegend.  Dude, you're confusing abstract, esoteric philosophies with our present day reality.  You're backing a con.  A bad human being.  Just as you had mistakenly backed Bill Cosby in February.  Listen to the majority.
LISTEN TO THE MAJORITY

Trump's approval is at 52%....

You just got owned
Thanks, Bot
Some points out facts and your only response is to call them a bot 
Dyan, your a bot following the all out attack on free thought.
#thoughtpopo #thought50
We've reached singularity people. May God helps us all.
Kanye you are the GOAT. But more importantly, your own person. I do not have to agree with every single stance you hold to rock with you. Cannot wait for the new albums coming out. You made my summer, much love GOAT.
Do John Legend got shooters? 
Have never like kanye as a rapper and told myself maybe bcos I listened tobtoo much of biggie and pac but now I know the reason .he is a jok
Kanye is officially #woke
Hi Kanye...i enjoy ur music...especially Jesus Walks!! Thank u for that song! Anyway i support u & ur free thinking...i really am having fear because i know sinister forces r comin for u in full because u see the truth with our wonderful @POTUS i will pray 4 u ok..Bless God!

John Legend: Please tell us in some detail why the black community was better off with Obama as President vs Trump. It just wasn't.
You can never know. America was back to business. From recession to economic stability and prosperity. You can't deny that.
8 yr of the most anemic growth in history is not prosperity...it's stagnation, which is all we ever got from Obama.
Well I live here... and I don’t know anyone who is more prosperous now than pre-recession. Numbers can be shifted. The reality is it has been a struggle on some level for most people.
Not the point. People are claiming BO did nothing, but he has taken you from a literal disaster to the highest Stock Market in history. BO did that, Trump leeches off it. You may not be better off now than before Bush’s crisis, but you’re in a miles better place thanks to BO
Well typed...
 
Good you expressed it.
 
You can follow me back and DM if you have any cartoon or meme ideas.
 
Always good to create stuff for fellow MAGA.
i love how all the replies defending kanye now are white. who surely haven’t even been following or associating with kanye before he tweeted his support for trump.
John Legend you can't twist Kanye based upon fear!!keep up the great work Kanye
Were you this supportive of kanye when interupted Taylor Swifts award speech?
So, basically, JL just tried to tell you to "get back in line" instead of thinking for yourself.
And what's the difference in people telling Kanye to free think and support Trump.... Seems everybody has an agenda for their side of things. Just because JL doesn't agree with Kanye doesn't make him a puppet for Democrats and doesn't make Kanye the poster boy for free thinking.
I love Twitter  ffs
Our worlds are a million years apart, and I can’t say that I know much about you, but I stand with you in your brave and powerful quest to not only be allowed to think for yourself, but to express a different opinion without being ridiculed and demonized. 
On behalf of @johnlegend
Uncle Tom's want you back on the democrat plantation. They is good mastas
Black unemployment is at a 40 year low
The welfare roles are actually declining... Thats 'who' and 'what' Trump is.  Legend is a crowd following lemming...ǹ
John: F**** man, Kanye got out of the Plantation. #TheMaze
Break them chains, baby.  Freedom at last.  Show others how to have the will power.  It's a wonderful, airy, light feeling without the use of drugs.  Fly with the birds.
#ByeFelicia we never did buy your music anyway.
You really must be so brainwashed that you would think a message full of love is manipulative. SMH
So this is how you treat your “friends?” Posting private message? Yeah. Obama was right. You’re a jackass.
absolutely love this. Kanye is trying to unlock the idea of free thought for everyone. Being a black man does not mean he must b democratic
“hey kanye you wanna grab some lunch later?”  

kanye: you bringing up my hunger is a tactic based on fear to manipulate my decision making

you are a freaking embarrassment.
Hi, Good to see you again, Uncle Tom! :D Hope you're all good at the Democrat plantation.
John Legend switched over to android so obviously he can’t be trusted anyway
It's 2018
Andriod is lowkey better than apple
Highkey*
Tru.
Thanks KANYE. I'm a new fan of yours.
Kanye will gain more fans than he looses and others will then see the freedom from the chains of the worst slavery in all of history.  What the Democrats have done to the black community is pathetic and sad.  The good news is they are discovering the travesty lately.
Isn’t it crazy how all these white people love you all of a sudden?
Mate you sound like your on drugs listen to the paranoia in your answer please @johnlegend or @KimKardashian intervene this is just what the media loves. Don’t have another break down in front of us Ye get your head straight! Come to AA with me tonight you can get help #love
“@johnlegend You don’t have to like Trump,but if you seek to attack him do so on true facts b/c Jobs are up,home ownership up,opportunity is there for black people as NEVER B4. As Kanye noted, under BHO Chicago never improved.Hollywood loved Him until he won & made things better
@RayburnKristen
No Kanye it’s called an argument. Intelligent people use them in order to consider concepts and yes to change minds. It’s not deceptive it’s reality.
Young man I don’t think anyone is challenging your right to free thought. The concern is your alliance with someone that has made divisive remarks and done negative acts toward the citizens. It just requires some thought and analysis.
Just looking at the people in this thread who have Kanye's back tells me everything I need to know about Kanye.
Man John Legend trying to guilt trip someone for Liberal Wrongthink is some really weak stuff.
Que mico, deleta sua conta
people cant just respect it when you make a choice. and because it's not what they want. they suddenly stop being your friend. that isnt respect or friendship. that is cult like behavior. when you are aligned you are the best. when your not you are a pest. you do you Kanye

Mexicans and and many Muslims are people of color 

r u playing the victim ???
#DragonEnergy
Lmao, holy fuck. That’s some grade A manipulation right there. Good on you for standing up to him Kanye
@ohthatjosie
He really needs help...if John has reach out via Soical media he would have had an issue so he reaches out in private and and you post it
Lol thats pretty much every damn liberal or feminist will resort to ad hominems and ludicrous tactics to demean your ideas and beliefs and shame you into supporting their own agenda. Thats why i ignore everyone and everything that comes from liberals and feminist.
Greatest artist of which generation! John please stop the joke!
You aren't this important.  Shut up.
Every time I’m forced to go to school I’m going to call it a fear tactic
@Kanye you got All these people telling Ya support Trump... but what would moms say bro? Smh she definitely wouldn't be wanting u to support somebody that is hurting ur own people. Or are we ur people? My parents are old and they having a hard rime since Trump been in office.
When Kanye West has less unread messages then you do
Have you asked him to name any specific policy that hurts any specific race?
you’re fake af and this is all for publicity. try again.
kanye willing to release his texts with john, but not the full audio of his conversation with taylor 
i love this
KW.. u impress the hell out of me! JL.. .what does Trump stand for? Putting this country( that made you rich).. first? making it strong? he Does want immigrants but legally and if u dont like the wall,i get it.but that's for the illegals. u're the brainwashed that KW can't stand!
Arrogant celebrities like John legend underestimate your ability to think for yourself. Most narcissists tend to do that. Stay strong and ignore them. Their time is short. 
@ItsValeOfficial aino
you are so pathetic
What happened to Kanye
I believe this was a private chat... Why should you come this far to let it out? @kanyewest is the Devil in a dress... #Damn!!! What the hell are you conspiring at?? You're such a #Shithole @realDonaldTrump voice...
@maxxlean @BriannaMychell
Can someone please tell me what policy has #Trump put out there that harms Black Americans? Or Latin Americans? Or Asian Americans?  #fakenews #MAGA #USA
Your authenticity is the best example for your fans. Is not easy to be yourself but sure it's worth it. Respect!
@hobisju waw quelle ordure j'suis vraiment wah
He’s like those girls trying to be all edgy  
And, suddenly Kanye has so many white Southern republican fans. Uhm, you guys remember what he did to poor young Taylor?
John Legend? As in #pizzagate John Legend? Yeah, ok, probably not a person to be giving out "legacy" advice.
Look at all the the trump supporters showing kanye love. I bet al yall were bashing him for the Taylor swift thing a few years back.
@wet_treat
I dont give a fuck what you do  I just wish the people i follow would stop buying into this charade & stop RT all your illuminati infighting crap..Its predictably yawning.Trump had already seen your gullible potential He reeled you in He a master manipulator So you are controlled
There were both fine and bad people on both sides. Hell, even some Democrats thought it was a bad move to remove those statues as we need to remember bad history too in order to not repeat the wrongdoings of the past. You just have a low IQ, sorry.

Jump in, Kanye! The @POTUS water is wonderful! Sending prayers and big Jesus love to you and your sweet family!
Kanye West is and has always been a joke, of course he would be a Trump supporter, they are two peas in a pod; rich, selfish, low IQ, racist, garbage ppl.
John you're a Legend,, Kanye you're lost bro you're gone....
It takes alot more to be a legend than just putting legend in your name. 

Kanye is an outlier.
I think kayne needs to go back to the hospital sis
Kanye is the black Justin Bieber... neither belongs where they are... smdh
I Use to Think that you would be the first to represent Africa.  But dont worry we who use to be your fans stopped looking up to you when you married Kim So why not get in bed with Trump
How pathetic that he has to believe what you believe or you wont look up to him. Yes he is black, but before anything else he is an individual with his own thoughts and opinions.He is free to have those, as he is to have a non black wife. Identity politics trash. Smh


@johnlegend is right.. but I’m not gonna stop listening to Kanye
Great response Mr. West.  Leftists can't accept someone who genuinely wants to make life better and safer for ALL Americans as Mr. Trump does. As you have stated, absolute agreement isn't needed on every subject  - it is the intent that matters.
This was messed up Kanye...as much as I agree with what you said back– it was manipulative of John Legend, you outed fam, and that was cold. You didn’t have to...
You good ? Smh
...............Yeddep.........
Kanye is such trash  definitely not the greatest artist of any generation. He’s delusional
omg you're so dumb
u played urself sir
ksksjrndbb cala boca irmaozinho
@alison926  lmfao lmfao
Why Kanye sound like a flat-earther
Im with you Kanye.  DONT let them make you back down.  Its a dangerous uneducated force out there that watches way too much CNN.  Glad you are willing to take the heat.  Trump is HELPING the black community.  Why dont they see that?  Dems want to keep you (voting) slaves
You are proof that when the mind is gone, nothing else matters..money, And fame killed you....
So Russian bots and white supremacists now think you're cool. Great job?
@ScottyMoe1
Let the man have his own opinion and beliefs! lol fucking momos
Bye @kanyewest Asshole
You are the lowest of the low.
For several reasons now.
All do respect I know yo moms wouldn’t like this but whateva
think it’s time to deactivate again
Boy you know damn well you know better Kanye. Get it together man.
@jotaaa098
Kanye, you have proven you self to be a man of substance and I applaud that you stand up,for what you believe
GOOD FOR YOU
Everyone keeps hollering Kanye Black man this or that, Kanye was raised in the best of circumstances as a child growing up.Kanye has always been privileged, his mother, bless her was a Proffesor. Kanye has never truly known the struggle! Money corrupts!
this just in: kanye west is a trash person and i cant even pretend to be shocked lol
Ahhhhhhh he blocked you
#WTG!
Are you that weak minded that you believe anyone has the power to manipulate your thoughts? That can only happen if you allow it. Or if you live in tin foil hat conspiracy land, which is pretty much the same thing.
Kanye is suffering from bipolar
Question to all the " free thinking" conservatives out there. You do realize you all luv who they tell you to luv, hate who they tell you to hate. Accept all of their policies, propaganda , and media and ask no ?'s. How are you diff from "libtards" again? Serious question
Yo, gentlemen,...now you'll get to see what it's all about & the lib falsehood against black people.  Now that Kanye said somethin good about Trump, watch the algorithms kick in & lower his truth gettin out to brothers & sisters of color....
irrelevant man, irrelevant text
Stay the course Kanye.  You know you’re right.
Badecon
Umm
espero sea publicidad para su outo álbum
He really is in the #Sunkenplace
Is this John Lennon??
90% of the things Trump brings up are also based on fear to manipulate free thought, idiot
Whatever, I used to be a stan/fan. Not anymore. @johnlegend been the realest.  May God continue to bless you, but I'm out.
@kanyewest  you are so arrogant it’s gross . Seriously . No wonder you like trump so much
Hes a nark
You’ve got a new fan here Kanye. Never listened to hip hop before so I listened to your stuff just the other day and it’s pretty good. Will buy an album in the future to support free thinkers.
You have a lot of nerve
That's a walk I've walked a while now... It's for you... You do you... Rest will follow if they are of holiness 
You not a free thinker, you a mental slave.mental slaves don’t know theyre slaves, you in the sunken place and the matrix at the same time
Snitch.
So glad that Kanye didn't let JL's blatant attempt to manipulate him work. Kanye may say something tomorrow which really pisses me off, but at least I know that he says what he believes and that he's willing to accept the hate that goes along with telling uncomfortable truths.
Idgaf who you support politically, but it's kind of fucked up to upload a private message from a friend on your very public forum. This should have stayed between you two.
@johnlegend is being ignorant. Explain how Trump's policies harm black people. You can't without showing your lack of knowledge on economics
Ugh Kanye's an Ann Rand lover, now everything makes sense. Ugh Ann Rand is the woorst
Clearly kanye has a very cleaver trick up his sleeve. I’m I the only person who sees right through this ?
You 5 star A hole!
Good for you! Now I am a YUGE fan of yours, Sir!!!
