Donald J Trump should win the nobel peace prize says south Korea's moon! Truly we are watching history unfold! 2nd term guaranteed  world peace insight! 1 like = 1 respect
Lmfaoooooo
I just cried.
Thank you to Kanye West for waking up the black community. The Democrap Party only cares about the black vote. They have failed the black community for decades. People like Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson, profit off division. Hope Kanye keeps on exposing the corrupt Left. #MAGA
Thank you Jason from Toronto Ontario for your input on American black voters
king
GOAT*
Me
Lil droptop the youngest flexer just turned 14  

Drop the album ye 
Kanye the type of nigga to say abortion is a choice made by the baby

Still not as white as Shaun King
Huh? What King? . That man does more work with helping people in one day than Kanye has done his whole dam life.
Ah, yes. A common problem for all people to free think about.
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

Thanks
Don’t worry @kanyewest, this movie coming out will tell you all you need to know about antigravity propulsion, instant transmission, and free energy systems.

It’ll make Elon’s technology look like a joke. We can evolve way past jets.

#SecretSpaceProgram #DestroyingTheIllusion
It’s almost as if some of us can just FEEL that there’s SOOO much more to this. They call us crazy because the masses are so subconsciously blind.
Maybe @elonmusk can partner with @WestJet and call it the KanyeWestJet. #Kanye
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

Lol thanks
It’s Kris Jenner’s turn to talk now!
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
SLAVES WANTED TO BE SLAVES
White people wanted to be serial killers and rapist
Just let Coinye live please so we can change the world
When kanye accidentally tweets from 2031
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

this sounds almost scary to me 
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
nah I'm alright mate
Thanks 
Like if not gay
my like button isn’t working wtf
U gay


 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Lmao Elon isn't gonna have a job by then he keeps acting up
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Why Kanye? Do you want planes running out of batteries mid-flight? Just because something sounds like a good idea doesn't mean it is. No charging stations at 20K feet. #aviation
Planes run out of fuel midflight too. It's called, "give the plane a huge battery and land to recharge when needed" my dude
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

Thanks 
Yeah because that's what most people are most worried about  #soldout rich boy problems #RealityCheck
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
YESSSS WE NEED EM
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Spamming your links is dead b. Makes you look amateur. Find a creative way to get more people 2 listen
Yeezy you are killing me with these tweets that are clearly paid advertisements
Lol trust me, they aren't
Ok I trust you
More importantly can we lock Hillary up yet? #PizzaGateIsReal
the easter bunny is real too. let’s lock him up
Please sheep. Go back to sleep.
From Seattle bro if you got the time let me send you some music
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
This is just a sad sight to behold. This is the problem. 98% of your fans and followers can't afford a bike let alone a plane, yet you keep preaching what you can't give.

  #RETWEET IF YOU
SUPPORT @RealCandaceO 
They already are. They use Atmospheric Electricity, Resonance and perpetual compressed air. Jet airliners DO NOT USE JET FUEL. there is no room anywhere for fuel on all the new Airbus' FACT.  do some research. We're being robbed once again.
Free Energy. If its not weaponized, its used against us#TESLA
I thought they took the phone from you
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Dope, good luck
Thanks a lot
Clean lyrics, love it
Love u brother
Love you ye
I cant wait for ur new album!
this is the left. disagree with them and they hate you. #LiberalLogic

negative ? its a fact. ok i see you need a safe space. i reccomend you san francisco. illegals are so welcome there too LOL go mate GO ¡
Who tf said i was illegal?
you need a safe space. san francisco is a good place and illegals are ALSO welcome over there. i hope that was a bit clearer. see ya and hopefully you can join us on #TrumpTrain
Im good I'll pass up that offer
Good morning Kanye. I love you. It’s time to reach out to me. I’m ready to be on your team. I AM MAHA SATTVA. Get ahold of me.
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

Ye speaking facts 
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Get yo self promo head ass outta her blood
Thanks bro
Yeah no problem bro, I’ll still check it out
Thanks man
It was aight bro we should collab, dm me your email I’ll send you the beat so you can write

#ReTweet if you Stand
With  @KanyeWest 

#RETWEET

IF YOU SUPPORT 

…
Fight for the safety of #Chicago

I hate to break it to you, Kanye, but jets don't work like that.
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Power to weight ratio of an electric drivetrain/batteries as well as range make electric planes a bad idea. Internal combustion via turbine much more efficient. Jet fuel much more energy dense than batteries
Also electric motors are absolutely the wrong type of motor for aircraft; need RPMs not torque. Electric motors work great for trains and boats where need a lot of torque to pull a heavy load and weight not really an issue
Bet the military shadow program already have spaceships. Think ab ok ur how far ahead 'rhey' really are. We've all seen their hacking wares and black ops funding. #showuseverything #QAnon #QArmy #WWG1WGA #MakeItRain #TheGreatAwakening #RealTalk #MAGA #POTUS
Interesting pics in #qanon folders #spacesocietys #spacex #cures #startrekage #wtf #doiQ #mega
Same
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
ikr
It will be drones not planes

 #RETWEET IF YOU
SUPPORT @KanyeWest 
You should definitely sign up for the Mars expedition.
This is for you Kanye
New Playlist : “Songs You Forgot Kanye West Produced.” 

I made a playlist of some of my favorite tracks produced by Kanye West that weren’t on his own albums. Enjoy. 

…

You speak of being able to think freely and be your own man. Admirable. I have no idea what your motives are beyond that. But I will tell you, I hope you are getting a solid taste of what the Democrats truly do to those who break ranks to think for themselves. They destroy them.
Democrat Maxine Waters "Kanye talks out of turn"
She doesnt want u thinking freely.
I have no idea if this is a joke by you. But nobody expects you to be a Conservative &that is fine, but why would you want to be chained in by the Democrats Thought Police?

U speak of genius, but it doesn't translate to your fashion. U have collaborators, and all y'all came up with is hoodies, warm-ups, tanks tops and bike shorts. That's not innovative at at all. Genius shouldn't be repetitive.
http://phonemekanyewest.com 

#ReTweet:  if you want
@realDonaldTrump to keep
bypassing the #FakeNews &
talking to us directly through…
#KanyeWest asking for #FullDisclosure of secret military space flight!! That's what I'm getting!! #GoKanye #LoveMusicLoveLife #FreeThinker #QAnon #woke #WWG1WGA
omg
RIGHT
We already have them! I agree it needs to be more commonplace but the efficiency of jet fuel is pretty good and batteries are still too heavy. 

 I wish I could be involved with more than just doing tech support for peoples random phone/computer issues lol.
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
FOCUS on what you can do TODAY

                         OK
The best and most sensible perspectives about your views on "slave was a choice" will only be aired out by Jay Z and May Weather if they will be interviewed.... am waiting...
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

  #RETWEET IF YOU
SUPPORT @DineshDSouza 
My phone number is 360-920-7660. I want absolutely nothing from you except to offer you a genuine convo of streaming love. I don't know what I can say on this short ass message to let you know how important this is. I just created this Twitter account so I can get ahold of you
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Structure of democratic party concerning minority is built on a shaky  foundation of race baite, deception and lies. This foundation will not stand.#MAGA
Pq tout le monde te suce frerot ?
Mais laisse le.
Moi je le suce depuis qu’il supporte trump et a dit « slavery was a choice » sinon il a 0 talent
Ptdr commence pas
Tu devais pas le rebloquer ?
Putain c typiquement juif ca des creer des conflits en interne
Ary si t un homme lettré et doué d’intelligence on’ devrait la bloquer tous les 2
Ptdrrrrrrr il m’a deja bloque sur un compte n’en rajoute pas
C un compte secondaire inactif avec lequel i t’a bloque ca commte po
@kanyewest send me yo email for beatz
Fuk dat mayne. Kanye you needs to be sending me dey yeezys
I just started following you since you followed our president. Bless you and your family
That makes two of us.
jet a or bust
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Bro I'm ready 2!!
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
They are trying to get rid of Elon
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Elon promised is a Robot Dragon first...basically Mecha-Godzilla. After he’s done with that you can have your planes. C’mon @elonmusk let’s do this! 
#CitizenKanye
Do them yourself bro. Yeezy Jets.
 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!

 NEW MUSIC VIDEO  OUT NOW GO COMMENT AND SUBSCRIBE!!!
Yeah awesome idea so all of us can be the new Jet Sons 
Lunar base first  let’s get this shit poppin
Ok dreamer!

#ReTweet if you Stand
With @PressSec  

Those would need some big batteries Ye' !!!
We're working on it, man. Come test the #SureFly 
https://youtu.be/5yFZAPdYCck 
How about the SureFly?
Batteries are too heavy right now Kanye
Why are people in comments so offensive to @kanyewest? Ahh I almost forgot, people they cannot have different opinions. Thought Crime?
Kanye what are we gonna do about the homeless


https://youtu.be/20ysIN9hUn0  – at One World Trade Center
Go KANYE!
It's coming man. Dragon energy every damn thing and lets roll!

The universe told me to give you my phone number so we can have a brother to brother talk all love no expectations I don't want anything from you. I can't explain all the synchronicities but just an example. I live in the northwest. And when I say that I'm talking literally
U better be on astroworld
Elon is a fraud. A hollyweird actor-producer. And we all know that!!! So, stop with this nonsensical Psy-Op!!!
Why do you need an electric jet? You're already a rocket!
In the meantime.....https://airwaysmag.com/airlines/alaska-airlines-pioneers-use-corn-based-biofuel/ … @AlaskaAir is ahead of the pack with bio fuel development- natural and sustainable
For electric planes (& cars) we need an energy source that generates electricity with very little input -- i.e. Zero Point, or a battery that charges almost instantly and takes up very little space, i.e. carbon nano-sheets.
They tried nuke powered generation to get the thrust needed for flight & it didn’t work, it doesn’t look promising that batteries can produce that kind of energy

Hand drawn #fanart #yeezy

#iman the interactive art brand 
Yerrr
Kanye westside HaHaHa @Baharsshn
Kanye Eastside HaHaHa
What can you say to that buddy @kanyewest
HAAHH
I've been a big fan...#speakyomind
r u on something
They got better tech than electric planes ye ... gravitational manipulation of aircrafts already old tech....these mofo can warp space time

I would be happy if they could just fix the windows!
You know your man Trump has gone all in on fossil fuels, right?
Elon's been teasing us with electric jets since Iron Man 2 dammit! 
Kanye what is your favorite Dark Star?
@Iamsmylesdavis  just talking about this
Why don’t you just do it yourself? Shouldn’t be a problem for such a free thinker.
Electric planes will never happen... zero point energy anti-gravity propulsion powered planes tho... coming soon
Nigga the only thing electric u need is ELECTRO SHOCK THERAPY
@kanyewest follow me I have instrumentals
@kanyewest follow me
Slavery was a choice? I really thought you were a learned man. Obviously, you need to take a few courses in African-American history. And see a psychiatrist. Your self-hatred is glaring.
@bjusticeee
#releasetheTech 
#NicolaTesla 
Ye... contact Jordan Sather
@Jordan_Sather_ 
Destroying the Illusion 
!!!
Love and light 
seriously @kanyewest ,get in the queue ...ive spent 4 years badgering elon to make hover boots ,you come along and demand leccy planes ..dude your ruining my plan for a migdet hover army .
Dude I love your music still, but these planes already exist. Google first, you’re a grown ass man. it goes a long way. @AmpaireInc
Mean while Flint Michigan has been without clean water   for 4 years!!! How are you not dragging your dragon bro bruh?! How are you not screaming  Trump don't care about black people?!! 
Long cord.

In the early 70's I said I can't wiat for my Jetson's ((space cartoon) car. Almost 50 yrs later and I am still waiting. Hoping you don't have to wait as long for that electric plane.
No one can fix the @nyjets

@elonmusk make it happen for our friend @kanyewest
Alright for you and Elon, Kanye. What about the rest of us?!

He needs to deliver the model 3s first.
@elonmusk
How could they fly if they was plugged in?? MKes no sence!
Bro, that’ll be sick! Stop by the stream some day lol 

@elonmusk check dm please

Drop the album ye 

#ReTweet if you Stand
With Dinesh D'Souza 

 Sign The Petition To…

"Donald Trump is your
president get use to it"

@realDonaldTrump …
Kanye - learn history - you can think of Elon later.
I think this is a fake account what do you think guys
Are you aware that Elon is a bankrupt?

I can’t wait for electric planes.  Elon please hurry up with the  jets TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
When the battery dies but you don’t care about life anyways
You can ride all you want, Trump is all yours to keep 

Bitch what
What happens if the plane gets emp’d?
they die
@BretLee99 maybe he wants to come to Denver to try George's lol
& when the battery run out ?
They can barely make the electric cars work
electric planes electric boats electric everything #cleanenergy #TeslaMotors
ElectroJet has a ring to it
He’s gonna be broke too Kanye
já trocou fralda da Chicago hoje?
Life is short and Jesus Christ is LORD of lords.
Y'all waiting on me
Won’t happen in your life time Lol
what do you think about mkultra mind control & the illuminati ?@kanyewest 
We could theoretically make nuclear jets now... would most likely freak people out. But totally possible
All that friction up hell no
I can't wait for human powered planes. Slaves please hurry up
Keep the hard work, you are a genius and you don’t have to explain you vision. #lovekanye 
Elons going belly up. Stock dropping like a rock on recent financials
Ahlieeee
Your going to need 1 long extension chord to get me in one!
Make a tweet about big oil stopping this from happening!
1. Informational Field Principle 
2. Cascade Effect 
3. Polarized Resonant Envelope Effect 
4. Infinity = 1 
5. Dimensionality as a Kinetic Expression of White Light
> electric
> Jets
cargo ships would be WAY more relevant.
Interesting profile pic. Hmmmm. A subconscious choice I’m sure.

You sound stupid!

 #RETWEET IF YOU
SUPPORT @EricBolling 
Why, what would be so special about electric planes? If you're thinking better for environment, how much coal would those have to rely on?
There are already electric planes that are powered by solar.




#RETWEET IF YOU
SUPPORT @PressSec

#WHCD #MAGA  
Cost will be twice of a gas plane. And there's no guarentee electric can output the power necessary to lift off the ground. HP matters not torque
Seeing as with the correct aerodynamics you can get liftoff at around 80km that shouldn’t be too difficult. And depending on motor configuration you get high speed. 3 phase motors switch config from high torque to high speed for efficiency. So...
I didn't say it was impossible only difficult and expensive
Very true, but someone will work out a way to make it feasible. Most likely in the form of light aircraft to begin with
Agreed a airline type plane will take some time
@WillRickard97 
