Who are the racists?

When did each political party elect their first black Senator?

(Hint: only 123 years apart)

Republicans elected Hiram Revels (R-MS) in 1870.  

Democrats elected Carol Moseley Braun (D-IL) in 1993.

Read it here: 

https://www.senate.gov/pagelayout/history/h_multi_sections_and_teasers/Photo_Exhibit_African_American_Senators.htm …
You know the parties switched right
Educate me bruh,,, not too proud to learn... Anything you can point me to?
After Lincoln, and up through FDRs presidency the republican and Democratic parties effectively completely switched identities over time. Republicans became all about the big money/conservatism and democrats became more focused on social progress in the 20th century
The democrats of the civil war would more than likely ally themselves with modern republicans - politics, especially American politics, are totally fluid and parties and identities change platforms pretty often
This is true it’s all basic us history
Except it has been proven that its false so.....
Republicans were the liberal party. Democrats were conservative. That’s not false at all
block that number right now
Real question. Why do white people hate cole so much
I don’t
neither do i...
Why do people in general say Cole is “boring”? He is a great artist and his music isn’t actually boring
Because he doesn’t rap about flossing, lean, partying and cars, he tells people they can be anything they want instead of killing people 
i dont understand this generation how all they want is materialistic objects, instead of actually living a life with a heart
For me it’s a combination of him not having any features, his best selection could be better, and his voice doesn’t have the presence on a record like a Drake or Kendrick does, but when it comes to his content and lyrical ability he gets an A+

Kanye stans reaction to “whoopity scoop” 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC....Here’s the Apple Music link to the full song https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/supervision/1342286693?i=1342286845 …
That could be anybody. He just changed the contact name 

Join Robinhood and we'll both get a stock like Apple, Ford, or Sprint for free. Make sure you use my link.
Cole like “ye you my guy HOV told me to keep dissin you don’t use my face as ya album cover 
Where does that quotation end?
يخخخخسسسسسس
1. Hopefully Cole can talk some sense into him
2. Cole is smart, no screenshots 
Right. No paper trails lol
Yep lmao
kanye won’t listen to anyone tbh, free thinker
I feels.
!!!
@JustinT07688189
J Cole accepting the award for worst rapper like
Jcole said you ain’t about to screenshot my text
they're probably recording it like they did with taylor swift LOL
I wouldn’t doubt it 
he doesn't do features YE
The pessimist, warm enough, let it show
Zendaya, The Badness, In The Morning, American Dream,
He doesn’t do features on his albums
He also got 6 featurings in Born Sinner
Then his next 3 albums omg
J cole is on the same level as 2pac he's dope fuck anyone that says different
Did you just compare J Cole to 2pac?
2pac spit from the heart and so does J Cole
why am i not surprised the J Cole fan has his hood up while wearing a snapback and has the dog filter on him smh
Look at your pic you got no room to talk

Keep doing that and more and more people will realise the left is more worried about thought policing and less about tolerance.
I'm all for thought and speech but not all free thought and speech is the truth so what's the agenda..
My point is that people are claiming he does not care about black people and other claims bc of his stances. They want him locked into an ideological box. Sorry if I lumped you in with them unjustly.
No way! I can change a contact's name to J Cole too!
He still didn’t answer lol
Your real love
Literally listen to Ye vs the People or watch the making of video or listen to any interview he’s done or read any other of his tweets wtf
Nah it's easier to hate on him blindly I guess ¯\_(ツ) _/¯ smh
I’m actually a huge Kanye fan, just making a joke
oh shit...much love then 
U & the Kardashians don't do shit in private huh? 
No because you sheep will follow... #KanyeThanksYou
Sheeple
False prophet
Somebody should’ve told me it would be like this
Don’t lie, this is Kim, you just changed her contact name.
Is this a joke?
Yes.
nononojonononononinono
they only spoke for 4 mins dw
sksksksk he deffo lecturing him and kanye acting like they best friends
sksksks yh, all he said was hi when that screenshot was taken
Mmm a whole song is average 4mins. You can get a point across in under a minute. There’s no telling what was said in those 4
go to sleep reefa
Please leave him alone.
u rlly couldnt wait 6 more secondz to screenshot
Underrated
- oderso
Kanye > JCole
Please reevaluate ur entire existence..... the fact u even had the nerve to disrespect cole like that amazes me
Cole sucks dude sorry
hang up the phone
@JColeNC I hope this conversation involved the upcoming Dreamville festival in Raleigh, NC!!
i hope not
قوله سكووب بووب اشكيتيييييت واقفل ف وشه ياد 
Yes Ye
People can't have a private convo with you again!!!! Damn what's this???
@Doruhty False Prophets eh?
Definitely changed Kim’s name on his phone
@csevvv
Wish I could’ve heard that phone call
I’m waiting for the “Me and J Cole, album, July 1st” Yeezy tweet
Nigga the phone call is only 4 minutes in. He trying to work his way up to tell you to stop it.
if you got “love” than why you got his name as J Cole and not Jermaine like y’all ain’t even on a first name basis
Ion believe it’s him
Girl me either. Man probably doesn’t even have his number let alone his love
Cole finna drop a song called “Kanye’s Mind”
He already did. It’s called false prophets
We got love
Turn off bluetooth and gps your battery will stay
Kanye is as soft as puppy poop
A Puppy Poopity Scoop Whoop Poop


love rules

not all heroes wear capes.  
So J. Cole got you on hold for 4 min and 11 seconds now?
#love
I was cool with you supporting trump, I'm not cool with this....how could you....
lmao one of the few funny people in this thread
"you not gon screenshot my text"
Ditto man... ditto

Tell 'em
Now he’s about to go platinum featuring himself 
Doing the most to show that some people still fuck with him. @MaaiNilson help this guy
I bet JCole's insulting him 
 right

@jojo_botello10
you my husband
What a guy! I love KOD like bruh
I'm glad you took this phone call while your phone was charging. I hope the volage was enough to electrocute sense back into your neurons.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life. Live in the moment. Be happy. Create peace. You have the power within you.
hang up please 
Kanye out here exposing everyone
Nice phone
Tell @JColeNC to add you to the #DreamvilleFest in @RaleighGov
the lean xanny rappers are mad af

For sure man. It was great talking to you

Can you get me Rihanna on the phone?
Not after his latest song 
You a False Idol

where's this from??
Found it on Instagram
@qthomas95
This conversation 4 minutes you don’t got shit
FaceTime so we know it’s real
I’m surprised you haven’t started screen recording yet
Ask him why he thought he never made it at Liverpool?
Good talk! #GoodMusic#dreamville
Really wanna know what this conversation consisted of
Let me get his number
I hear you loud and clear Kanye!  Keep pushing!  Remember in every time of need only Christ can deliver You!
@YacoEmilio @SebasDH1
You’ve had enough love at this point, and you’re still an idiot.
Why you on speaker
@pjdgaf
Cole world
Let him know we miss him x
The most underrated tweet   
First time i heard jcole i actually thoughy it was the one from soccer
Football*
Isn't soccer right fam?
England’s first football league was established in 1888

America’s professional football association was formed in 1920. 

English football came first.
Oooh
You leave him alone Ye
me too
This is going too far
kanye needs to take a today at apple session so he can learn to crop his iphone x photos
This says nothing at all.
Don't ever let the media dictate what is "beautiful"! Love you for who you are!

"Your perfect impressions"
this is the kind of “going against the grain” kanye i want to see, i’m happy with I Like J Cole kanye just not I Like Trump kanye
When you ring the king it’s worth posting
@crueIty
the goats!
Who are the racists?

When did each political party elect their first black Senator?

(Hint: only 123 years apart)

Republicans elected Hiram Revels (R-MS) in 1870.  

Democrats elected Carol Moseley Braun (D-IL) in 1993.

Read it here: 

https://www.senate.gov/pagelayout/history/h_multi_sections_and_teasers/Photo_Exhibit_African_American_Senators.htm …
@jack_mullins8 @gcahill909 @EMMufc
J cole hates him hahaga
you mad annoying now
the last straw
Good shit bro keep changing the thought pattern
You probably changed Trumps name to J Cole
Kanye tryna drop names with people who don’t want their screenshots on blast. 
When you callin Trump
Man's international!!
4 minutes 14 seconds. 4 + 14 = 18... 1...8 Kim Jong-un was born on January 8th. Kanye and J cole helped north and South Korean crisis
This literally means nothing.
@ColeErrthang
COLE
Change Kim’s name back tf
Yall know damn well that @KimKardashian is next to Kanye recording that whole conversation
NOPE! Leave J cole out of this. You can’t take him into the sunken place  the black delegacy won’t allow it.
Didn’t say he couldn’t 
Nope! He can think for himself period. Idc what anybody believes in honestly I don’t not dislike anybody because of what political party/religion or sex they are..  nobody is even referring to his Donald trump thing but you lmfao it’s okay. That’s your job to assume
I guess you have never seen the movie get out.. I got a short movie summary for you.... the person behind this twitter account gets out my mentions 
J Cole is a legend, same as Ye

stop while u can
Its ok for people to have differing opinions, no need to hate or attack someone for their individuality!
You have no free thought. Accept it.
That’s one long ass voicemail to leave 


Maybe he talked some sense in to you. Drop the knowledge on him @JColeNC
this means nothing. I hope he was calling to talk some sense into you

hang up

This the most controversial thing you’ve tweeted Ye ... :(
Please pass me his number I lost them when I lost my phone
Who cares
172,000+ people
That’s small compared to the millions who don’t 
lol i don’t see the millions buddy
Dude has 28 million followers. Do the math, that’s a .6% that “like” this topic. #SitDown
Who gets EVERY single follow/subscriber interacting with all of their content?
Obviously not Ye 
well u have 10 followers and u average about 0-1 like a tweet so “dO tHe MaTh”
agora sim ta dificil de te defender kanye
Vai entrar o Post Malone na conferência
@StephanieMarqis  WE GOT LOVE
@ElCapitan787 @fx2_3 @AlexSVGSZN
TWO GOATS
Call Frank now
@Perturbances j'espère que t'as liké le tweet juste parce que c'est J Cole
ptdrrrr ah gros evidemment
me voilà rassuré :)
why you hate j cole so much bruh acting like he killed your family
He did
Unfollowed
You got him on speaker.. that ain’t love

3 way me in bro

False Prophet who else thinks he just called someone and named him J.Cole on his phone 
False prophets.
Same, fam 
Who’s Jcole?

Do we have a track tho
hang up king
Send me his number so I can ask him myself.
Talking to trash
-.-
i’m dead, same reaction then i saw you in the replies 
Hahah like we tryna love Kanye .... perro , he tweaking
Imagine getting this phone call
We got love
Now I’m having mixed feelings..gat dam you kanye 
Don't bother J.Cole with your nonsense
Love YOURZ!
Feature him in your album yezzy
Open for a surprise!
Now all we need is a collaboration
Kunta Kente was on who wants to be a millionaire. #Slaverywasachoice
Why are you trying to prove yourself.  People are calling you because they are concerned.  I hope this is not about selling albums.  This is serious.  This is life and death for some people.  You're becoming detached from reality.
*We
That's an easy one.
@jesseee_cole why did I think this was you for a second
we got love @pattyquakee
Didn't pay attention to the time stamp... 
@theaustkicker
That could be anyone


@BuckeridgeH
I wanna know if 4:14 means anything. I already knew they weren’t beefing. Wish I could’ve heard that conversation tho 
@fou14een
This phone call about the same length as false prophets...hopefully he just rapped that to you 
Same
@lilbitoffaddy fake newsss Kanye getting me vexed fr now
False prophets
Lmao J.Cole isn't texting shit

Just because you got him on the phone don’t mean he love you fam
@ShottieMusic @RootMiami22 @Dignaskee lmfaooo

I wish I was on three-way with them lmao
is he teaching you to rap bro
imagine a proper collab where they build off of each other’s positives strongest 10 to ever exist

voted the neighbours and it was the most commonly picked i'm a genius
sickk 
ty
Naaah Kanye stay away from the goat  this guys broken fam
Prove it, lemme see the phone number behind the contact name and validate
@JimmyCole1 you and kayne close?
He probably cussing his ass out

Stay away from our Cole!
J Cole is real you’re not listening to the message Kanye is spreading.
@ForTheCultureQU
The most ambitious crossover in history
When ya got love your very loyal when it comes to the heart.she can have my heart.but the low life ain't gonna have me in a loony bin for getting my life back in order. Thanks very much
Anyway what's love got to do with it that's just a thing which breaks ya heart. Even love don't keep people together
@flor_brittney @DeclercqLennert
De meest doordringende Trumphaatspeech kwam sws van em
Ei. Wɔ diehhh I cant deal with you oh love it ok? Keep going my dear
 dragsssss nkoaaaa
Love is not a big enough word to describe it.
Finally the right has a pop culture figure to rally around! Before we had a bunch of washed up bums like Rob Schneider and Dennis Miller
@LOVEMelee_
Uff podcast about to be 
