Incase you don't know Justin Bieber, BTS, The Weeknd, Rihanna, Ariana Grande, Harry Styles, Katy Perry, Nicki Minaj, Kendrick Lamar and Three of the Kardashian sisters unfollowed you, you have no one to hang with during award shows now
Nobody gives a shit
W reply
You are not that special, Kanye.
Listen here cArTeR.
You might as well start selling these because black folks revoked your black card. You just alienated your base, you belong to them now. 
the kkk was founded by democrats
The KKK currently supports the Republican party so that statement is irrelevant.
the kkk isn't even relevant anymore they barely even exist
The KKK and other white supremacist groups have had many rallies last year and this year and have been in the news a good amount of time.
The entire 2000 of them in the country. They have no power
I love a good meltdown. Epic. 
It's a thing of beauty!
Liberal meltdowns can't be beat 
for the love of god, please stop. I miss the old Kanye
Kanye’s always been Kanye.
MAGA!!!
MAGGOT!
You need to be in twitter jail already 
Why are you trying to suppress someone’s free speech ?
It's not bcus of his speech, it's cus he's using day mode
Nice profile pic

I will give everyone whom likes this $10 (maximum 10,000 likes)

You want to go home and rethink your life.

I miss the sweet Kanye
Chop up the beats Kanye
I miss the old Kanye
Truly delusional. Taking medication regularly helps a lot Kanye. Trust me I know.
Meditate , dont medicate
Kanye is going to do a lot of good things.

You’re going down a path I can’t follow
If he loved you before, I bet he will still love you now.
Who are you my mom told me not to listen to strangers
Cringey reply my dude
Your location is “in yo mom’s basement”
Ik
Kanye you breaking my heart I know you know better, can’t support you anymore
Why? Because he has a different opinion than you? You people are ridiculous...
Who is you people
People that say they can't support him anymore because he likes Trump.
Well, Mr. Ryan you sound a bit hypocritical
How so? Please explain.
Cause u called me out on not supporting someone cause if they opinion but u just called me ridiculous cause of my opinion
*of
Tim Cook trump 
dead
deactivate.
So, as a citizen of a free country, is Kanye not allowed to express his views?
Yeah Kanye 
Kanye, go to settings & put your twitter on night mode thank me later 

kanye still has his twitter on daytime mode that’s how we know we can’t trust him
Am I seeing this right?
Gaaaaaggggingg!!!! Throw the whole I phone away
If y’all are real fans, you wouldn’t care about who he supports.

I’m all for memes but this is some sleep paralysis shit.

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
50 cent is worth 1 cent. now
15 million 
If u wanna play that game, Kayne West 160 million Networth.
After he got 53 million from Kim Kardashian. 

KIM COME GET YOUR HUSBAND @KimKardashian
You should meet @AP4Liberty!
@KimKardashian call his psychiatrist. Stat!
Kanye spitting his opinion and y’all getting mad lol
pq vc ta fazendo isso gata
He just like his cracker family..do shit for attention smh

I miss the old Kanye 
pls stop
We don’t care
Yet you replied 
nah
Getting on your knees for them too? Damn you'll do anything to sell an album. Respect the hustle
that's not hustle that's prostitution
Touche'
Loona are woke queens. Koonye can't relate
Get a life
Loona already gives me life
Kanye u needa chill
Telling people what to do....Do you realize the irony?
Kanye is saying everyone can have their own voice and think what they want. He is getting attacked by group of people who are saying he needs to think like them.
Yeah, I agree with him
Omg, were you sleeping through all the Republican’s efforts the previous 8 years to rebuff every move Obama made? After the ACA, Boehner and his party put a wheel lock on Obama as their main goal for being elected. Having an affinity for a lying billionaire is gullibility.

RECAP: KANYEWEST

 

…
I’m excited to hear about your appearances on @foxandfriends !!!  seriously a gift to the world if conservatives start treating you like Ted Nugent 
Your chart days are over !!!
greatings from Bolivia and #MAGA
They are going after you because more and more black people like and support Trump and if black people support Trump the DemocRat Party is finished.  That's the plain truth. Another plain truth is Trump has lowered Black unemployment to lowest levels in History, EVER !!!!


GO TO BED
Invest 1 billion in yeezy
Can’t wait till you learn how to screenshot



Thank you Ye!
me on kanye's twitter waiting for the next post
like if you miss the old kanye
Me and the gang tryna figure out who hacked kanye


Delete your account challenge
When trump supporters say “Hollywood liberals should stay out of politics and stop bashing trump, they have no room to talk”
BUT, they adore Kanye hahahahaha

@bieo_ it's happening
I just heard from the fake news that you lost a lot of followers... but i guarantee you just gained a lot of new ones!
@realDonaldTrump please make this happen for @kanyewest. A nice weekend in #maralago might work well. @KimKardashian & @FLOTUS can talk fashion while the men talk #maga
amiga assim eu não consigo te defender
This is ALL tremendous and somewhat mind blowing, perhaps @Kanye was the @POTUS Trump Card?
@KimKardashian come collect ur man
Just realized Kanye is in the sunken place
No wonder why you act so crazy every time the paparazzi puts there camera on you  G E T O UT T T T
DIVIDED WE FALL! UNITED we Stand!
How does this make sense

YOU WILL NEVER EVER IN YOUR LIFE WIN A PULITZER PRIZE.
Welp
@POTUS SHOULD MAKE @kanyewest AMBASSADOR TO CHICAGO 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain FOR ALL AMERICANS

Stan EXO stan talent btw
?
Stan EXO
Let's talk about this
Tell me something @kanyewest : Do you realize that if the laws about refugees, that Trump is trying so desperately to implement, existed way back when Steve Jobs’ parents entered the United States, no @Apple would have existed whatsoever?
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
He isn't meeting with you bro!
Watch who you involve yourself with young man. Some stuff you can't come back from. You are just a distraction for 45. Trying to take attention away from Cohen pleading the fifth. All attention ain't good attention. Ask Steve Harvey.
Someone tell @kanyewest he is being labeled trump's #UsefulIdiot 

"If you’ve been paying attention to Trump’s antics all along, you knew that the Kanye thing was an attempt at distracting you from something far more important that was about to happen."
Democrats pretend to be the cure, while in fact they are the disease!


@KimKardashian And when you meet, ask @realDonaldTrump why he hasn’t said a word about the three black people who were killed at Waffle House..
@j2wagar I think your theory is right... #hacked
All this strenuous cooning and you only got a, “MAGA”
And “pretty cool”   
Duke? Wat? I knew there was something about this Cook dude I didden like. #unc #tarheels rule!
Check out my music Kanye!!! I’m the BIG PUN/ BIG L OF CHICAGO SoundCloud cvo bobby. 
I go by Bobby sagget
I bet you have some great thoughts to share.
Well Kanye you have proved yet again that money cannot buy class.
Hopefully Tim doesn’t let Trump dip his pink dick into anything Apple is doing.
Lol you getting paid for this shit or sum?
 Kanye West trolling big time today 
The left is already claiming that you are having a mental break down and are working on having you committed.  Just sayin, that is the talk I have heard, hang strong bud, they are the crazy ones.
Happy to be on board Kanye. Let's ride!
60 million people voted for Hilary. 9 million people unfollowed Kanye. That’s 50% of Kanye’s followers. Shows that 50% of his followers were racist
Love Kanye West
Large portion of Blacks weren't here in 1865, Total black population 13 million
Keep it up Kanye...eventually the people that really like you will be the ones left following you. All of the unfollowers....good riddance! !
#MAGA

All of you Socialist Dumbocrats that are hating on here need to just sit the fuck down and shut the fuck up.

Vaya pavarro
Dear Kanye, Welcome! Maybe together we can heal the racial device that is hurting all of us. Working together as one America!
kamye more like commie
@RobJone5

Please do Hillary next!!!!
Ask him to fix your iPad.  He loves that.
I am now convinced you are bi-polar and this is a manic episode...this is not normal.


This is going to be like watching the shot heard round the world being fired.
IS HE FORREAL-


stop it ye!!
buy and stream reputation by taylor swift on iTunes!

"@davidcanlas88:  I wish you would advice the Kardashians and the Jenner sisters on child rearing. You did a good job upbringing your girl."
Wait woaah the US has been treated badly by many countries
Enjoy your evolving fan base Kanye. I’m sure they’re all going to just looove your next album. 
I wouldn't have his new album if it were given to me, but I am certainly now a big fan of the man!  All of you "tolerant" liberals need to move to a country more closely aligned with your narrow minded viewpoints. Enlightened and progressive my a$$!
Thanks Kanya! Loving everyone is a 'GOD,THING '
This tweet made Twitter lock my account! Can you believe it?
Never buying another album and deleting your music.  I’ve defended you but you’re just a tool.
You need to go away.
You’re ok with the Racism?
Let’s cripple the counterfeit market guys ! 
anyways...STREAM AND BUY LADY GAGAS “ARTPOP”
#DearKanye,
Right-wing #DomesticTerrorist murders 4-people, but @realDonaldTrump has remained silent on the subject. Why? Could you please ask him?

Taurean C. Sanderlin, 29
Joe R. Perez, 20
Akilah Dasilva, 23
DeEbony Groves, 21
Fake News. The kid got arrested at the White House for attempting to climb the fence in order to murder Trump. Where do you get your "facts"?
CANT WAIT TO MEET TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Who do you love more?
Bwahahahaha not happening.

#DealWithIt

#MediaWhores

#FakeNews
Duke basketball fan. I don’t want to meet any of them 
Yup 
House nigga
Reach out to me
War eagle!!
Like Kanye cares what anyone thinks. Let the man be! The only people exibiting hateful comments are non trump supporters. What ever happened to Love Trumps Hate?! Hypocrites.
And bitchvyou from Chicago what have you ever done for us 
Can I get a meeting? I got all types of Dragon energy I'm bringing to the table, I just need an opportunity.

dois lixos
https://youtu.be/nwN6dPNXklg 
Omg that's so Cool Mr. West!
Trumps new bestie. I wonder what the k clan think about it. I'm sure it will be in the show. Y'all need that much attention.
tim cook Trump 
Lol Kanye, the demons in your head are doing more harm than good

You have to wear an Auburn hat when you meet him.
And don’t forget to #ReleaseTheTexts      No Redactions
Tell him 2 stop making disposable phones 

Tell him to stop It's tempting to take away health insurance from those who need it. His plan will kill literally tens of thousands money does not trump people
Kanye you're a master manipulator... in a good sense.
Libs getting upset......

They want you back on the plantation of slavery
He NEEDS to meet with u, Kany
Don't understand how we've been treated unfairly by other countries if anything the US poses as a bully to most countries lol that's what we should do treat other countries fairly @realDonaldTrump
I see 2 possibilities:
1. @kanyewest wants to become a real-life comic-book-type of villain (or antihero)
2. He wants to push the limits to see how much is the world willing to tolerate in exchange for receiving remarkable products of pop culture (music, sneakers etc.) 
#kanye
Freethought is your right....You're better at music, please stop selling black folks out.
Fuck him, he’s an Auburn Fan #ROLLTIDE
So now the price of IPhone is gonna be expensive in SA
While at it you should get the new iPhone X ..
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS

Smh damn man
Apple cancelled as well I guess
Your cancelled
Go away
wtf happened to you man
This is a hard truth, but to be about LOVE...you have to LOVE someone other than yourself. Not trying to take you down...just trying to open your eyes.
Wow the racism against this man by his own community.. Sad.
Kanye West just focus interests and power because Trump is president
Two hypocritical people
Two Masonic members
@realDonaldTrump
Don't know what's going on with you, but IMO you need an amazing hug and some kind words from someone who just wants you and so many others to make it and be okay. I'd be willing to give you that hug. Its a lot of ppl out there with lots of money but no PEACE
Poor guy ! Seriously @KimKardashian u married a fucking dumb ass stupid man
Do u really want everyone to unfollow u now
Trump should have tweeted that the meeting would be to talk about their grandkids & look at pictures #TarmacbookPro
WE NEED TO BOYCOTT APPLE!!!
Lmaooo wtfffff
Tim cook is the same ceo invested heavily in tax havens. wake up these people are crooks patting eachother on the backs.
I do not understand your support of Donald Trump? You can not...really! Please find some clarity ..
how much did you get paid ?
It's true the US has been treated very unfairly by many countries on trade for too long. Many of you know this to be true but fear to say so. Take courage like Kanye has and stand behind this endeavour to make it right. Doesn't mean you have to agree with everything conservative.
Y’all should vote for me 2024
@S_C_ said you're not allowed to meet w/ @tim_cook
When its time to unfollow LOL
