Clothes with your name plastered on them don't make them any more stylish or quality they just make them expensive.
lmao one of the main appeals of YEEZY clothing is the lack of name plaster
Regardless of where the Yeeezy is placed, the clothing is sickly overpriced for no reason. One item alone costs more than a PS4 which provides endless hours of entertainment 
When did this turn into a Sony  (greatness awaits) advertisement

Bruh, Disney and Apple are readily available to the people. My brother just got a pair of Yeezy’s after YEARS of trying. When I can walk into a store and buy a pair in my size on a whim, I’ll take statements like this seriously.
people wouldn't buy them if they were easy to get. He knows a lot of people buy them just to flip, that's impossible with a high supply
If Adidas produced them to the level that say Nike does with Jordan’s, he’d see a unprecedented influx of revenue. He gets nothing when someone flips a pair. He’s not consigning them. He said all class & all class aren’t willing to buy a pair when they’re double/triple the cost.
But one of the major reasons they're so popular is because of the exclusivity. People like buying things that others can't
One again, antithetical to the “all class” statement. I’d be more than happy to buy a pair at retail price, which honestly isn’t that affordable to begin with. To compare two companies where everything is almost readily available at all times to his is farcical.
He’s nowhere near Apple and Disney, they’re on another level. I’m just saying I doubt he’d have success without the limited release.
Seems to be working now. I’m interested to see how he grows the brand in the future.
Adidas and Nike looking at each other like
Under armor calling them to figure out wtf going on like
No one picking up under armors call tho




You’re owned by Adidas tho...
and you're not that smart...
are you hiring interns
kanye hire this guy, he knows how to make 3d video
*audio - even better
Talk about Nickelodeon and iCarly in Brazil!!!
I def cannot afford a $3000 ripped up sweater sorry kanye ill get it from goodwill for $.99
If that’s true then why are your shoes like $500?!  If you want to appeal to all classes, make your stuff affordable to the every day person.
He was also selling some plain sweaters with holes in them a while back for 3000$+
Most of what I’ve seen from his line is grossly overpriced and not even very high-end looking. His sales figures would probably be even higher if he lowered prices, but...I don’t think he understands that.
Pretty sure it's the same Kanye,.... Just a little richer Kanye, a little wiser Kanye, and he's married to Kim Kanye.
Oh we know, Kanye. We know.
Half of us don’t even have healthcare. You’re not even marketing to us lol. You have over priced, unremarkable product in an over saturated market and an unrealistic business plan. You know what I can buy tho? Kim’s contour kit.

I’m graduating as an industrial engineer May 12th, y’all hiring?
Kanye hire this man!
He don’t hire black people lol
I’m not black I’m Jamaican
"all class" is that the sunken place?
Nike?
“Disney of apparel”
bring dese back
i’m not hearing this until I see Yeezy’s right next to Shaq’s
Why deliver product though? Deliver scientific advances & changes to better nature, growth, systems, cure diseases & famines for communities & countries & then world’s!
How is a $225 t shirt that looks like something you’d wearing during a zombie apocalypse for people of all class?
You need to launch a vest line called Kanye Vest.
Haha love the way you think

let’s make clothing great again
Pretty sure Nike are the Disney or Apple of apparel
I want to work for Yeezy give me a shot
Can’t wait to report and support!
uhh you ever hear of a brand named nike?
Dude, EXACTLY.
What is Gucci, Zara, Nike?
Hire me yeezy. I got no skills, I’m not famous, and I’m just about average at everything. But I’ll show up every day and I’m kind of funny sometimes.
@kanyewest I back up each and every one of his statements in the above tweet. Hire him and you will forget all about @realDonaldTrump
@dougiep2018 @FolesFootlong didnt u try selling a white tshirt for $300
He successfully sold a white shirt for $300. It was a real statement of how sad humanity is
have you heard of Uniqlo?
hire me
People of all class already have access to clothes.. you are so out of touch with regular people. Not everyone wants to buy clothing with YEEZY plastered on it for obscene amounts of money.

Damm where do I apply #lol
Do what? There are many high end designers. Just because a designer's line (Michael Kors, Yves Saint Laurent, Coach, etc.) carries a high price tag doesn't make it a designer leading the pack. Unless you intend on creating a special fabric, there are too many designers to name.
start by making ur shit affordable
Yo kanye if you looking for analysts hit me.
apparently u ain't neva been to uniqlo
or Valsan 
I say again. Hire me.
Me as well.

hire me then
smh
BULLSHIT. HAVE YOU SEEN YOUR PRICES?
bruh read the tweet he working towards low prices
GOTTA PULL UP THE NUMBERS ON HIS PREVIOUS RELEASES AND SEE IF THERE'S BEEN A DECLINE. HAVEN'T GOT TIME YET THO
boots
S3 $700
S5 $550
S6 $270
S7 $220

Tees 
S1 $210
S6 $120
Calabasas Capsule: $60

just wait prices will continue to decline 
THEY STARTED OFF AT $700?
lmao season 1 prices were INSANNNEE idk who even bought that stuff
U a zêziess
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAH
I personally love @HM and think they changed the game!
so why are you here... go to HM... it's cool to like what you like.. you don't have to like @kanyewest clothing or apparel.....you are on all of his tweets trolling for attention.. thirsty much huh..
@gargski and I will accept your offer to be Co-COOs. Many will be uncomfortable with our techniques but more will appreciate. Also compensation in @Bitcoin only.
Your move @kanyewest

Your product isn’t even sellable to the average person. . Same with your ego
I’m sorry can you say this louder for the people in the back 
Kanye u charge like 100$ for white t shirts
Well I hope you're firing all of your current/previous designers then, cause the clothes you've put out were a) not for people of all classes and b) not quality products. They weren't even fashionable.
A one-day pass to Magic Kingdom in Disney World, FL costs less than your Camouflage-Print Adidas T-Shirt. But the experience that I can get from Disney in a single day exceeds any Yeezus piece. You're not there yet.
Dude it’s called Nike
Where do I send my resume?
Hire me-
bruh any big clothing brand ever?
How do I apply?
You need a firm financial analyst? #imHungry
Love too pay people slave wages in the third world
Yeezy, Apple and Disney. All got same thing in common- high cost, totally expensive! 
Hope they are American workers @kanyewest
Kanye! I believe in you and Yeezy...I have a masters in HR and am really interested in working for your company. Where can we find employment opportunities to join your team??
What about hollister bro
People complaining about yeezy’s being hard to get as if it was still 2015-16 
@keniamorales15  vas, industrial 
Hahaha pero ahí dice diseño , bueno  sería una buena opción
Te juro que lei “engineer” my bad 
Jajajaja ahora por tu culpa me cambiaré a diseño
También me cambio 
Pero yo ya me cambié de carrera :v
And charging $200+ for everything 
What mess
I'm a screen printer and I don't get how anyone overpays for your stuff like that, you are basically pulling a martin shkreli on your fans with charging that much. $235 retail for a shirt with a cost of $3 is pretty disgusting.
If this was true your shoes wouldn’t cost $300
you like fish sticks?
bruh your shoes cost a grand .
Naw they cost 220 retail
bruh your shit shoes cost 220$
I mean I wear Skechers so they’re kind of cheaper
Ok so how is it all class when the middle class can't afford a pair of shoes without hurting there pockets or getting it with income tax...
So Slavery was a choice? and how many million minds do you have under your control!
So many have attempted wearable tech and failed.

You need the great mind of Navy SEAL @valor4us!

Can’t wait to see what you come up with!
Drop your prices
How come it’s so expensive? All classes can not afford your clothing without being in debt. So what class is your apparel for?
All class that can afford it*
Hey man any place I can send in a portfolio?
Hire me pls. Just finished fashion school
you hiring software engineers?
Application link?

Imagine; made in America again 
Ill be your hr manager, hit me up!
I HOPE TO WORK WITH YOU !!!! 

U + LADY GAGA 

Were always my biggest influences.
UNAPOLOGETIC, FEARLESS, BOLD, BRAVE , AND NEVER 
GAVE A FXCK!!!

When the world stays silent and fearless.

U Guys always ...
SPEAK UP
GO HARD
 LEAD THE WAY
CHANGE THE GAME!

1 LOVE HEROS
Well this 7th #generation goes to thrift shops for #nostalgia #gear #wear picks, so what ever you produce is gonna be stagnant & make it on the GoodWill shelf, 20 years from now, so good  for you #KanyeWest

 @smellikemoney  
#CommonSense Commentary 
Courtesy of Sir.BDR...
Yezzy fashion line 2018...
Change your name to TURBO WORLD PEACE, 

brother of METTA WORLD PEACE
All class o que doido
What about the people who used to be you, fighting to be heard, backpack with a mind full of dreams, are you willing to employ the people ye
Last time I checked motherfuckers are spending their rent on your clothes.. Yeezy don't make for the mass
Why do not you use this money that will invest in clothes, to build schools or hoapitals in needy places somewhere on the planet?
For how much I just wanna know you about to tax tf out
@caetlencouto apply
If you need a polymer scientist hmu
Now let’s just make those prices $200 instead of $750 and then you’re practicing more of what you preach
Hire me bro
Yes I hear many third world folks are gobbling up Apple watches.
Wow
In what way is yeezy gonna give an experience such as Disney and apple do maybe flagships that appeal to your market with a museum or installations like Dover Street
Cool so throw me a job bruh.  
even hobos?
Your shit is just made by Adidas in China sit down bro
Bro a t-shirt you sell is $300..wtf dude????
I'll be ready.
FYI ‘logistics’ typo
Thanks
ok kanye go head and just discredit all of the ground breaking and game changing fashion designers before you, because they-and like everyone else-do not and can not compare to you
Lol stop.
Could i get a pair of yeezys
Disney and apple are attainable. Your shit is not.
But not really
Please let me intern Kanye. Idc If I have to be a janitor at Yeezy 
Can you & @elonmusk simplify the electoral college voting thing-a-ma-jiggy while you're at it?
Wow your kissing so much ass your the gold digger now.
Don’t know details, but know you are dedicated to Chicago.    Employment is central to the American drem and safety.    Hope you find a way to manufacture and employ in US!
Hire me Kanye
who?
think resistance a platform for and by our people..
I'm gonna need about 4 tincture shots and 3 brownies before I look at them prices 
ALL CLASS' ain't deciding to spend 500 on joggers when rent is due  IJS
You think you’re Apple or Disney?
don't fill your company with these corpate clogs.!!
you need the talent !!!!!!!!!
you turning on the Christmas lights in Woolwich this year pal?
like if Kanye is daddy
hire me
@paocmn vas lol
All Class? All your stuff is overly expensive and can't be afforded by the same kids you left in Chicago.
ALL CLASSES that can afford it
I can afford it, but have the sense not to buy it.  Yeezy Christ!
That’s a lie. If it were true, you woulda already hired @Mademoise11e_M
Disney charges pretty fairly for their tickets relative to the amazing experience you’re going to get. Yeezy on the other hand charges insane prices for apparel...and that’s comparative to the Disney experience? OK...
he bringing prices down boy
@NickSloggett is this where you're going?
Hire me now
The mass are those who get up & go work their nine-fives that don't pay shit but do it for longevity & security.. some of us still try to live out our dreams on the side.. but you def. don't help with that
Thats called being a sheep. 9-5 for security and stability if you wanted somthing you could have it easily. Your just to close minded.
I said security and longevity.. stability is not included 
no one can afford your stuff kanye .....when u locked urself away making 3 beats p/day for 3 summers could you have paid for 800 shoes? Mickey Mouse is gonna beat your ass
I think he’s trying to make it cheap tho
I really hope you're right but I feel like he has mentioned the idea of getting his clothes to everyone (like 80% sure he said this last 2 yeezy seasons) and he hasn't changed anything idk
What about your HR?
I want cloth the be produced fairly, sold fairly and be as durable as possible. Can you deliver brother? Love
YESSSS. But please make it abit more affordable 
ur a genius BUT... ur always thinking of the past or 4the future& u cant be in neither places at once so u should accept that& stop trying to play a "mini god" because u dont know everything& its okay to not know everything. take it day by day& time is eternity to those who LOVE
The poor?
Can I send you my resume?
Stop please. Your making a fool of your intelligence and your mama is rolling over in her grave
Somebody needs to kick this guys big ass
mkijjjjjjijjj
I'll believe it when I see it. Nobody but the plugged can get Yeezys.
here if u need us. @rikkubobby . God bless ya and Trump !!!!!
coolio... let me know so i can blog
 dude you’re crazy
Um your clothes look like dish rags that got caught in the garbage disposal
Yo can I apply for a job?
Nike?
Can we get a @Genius lyric break down of “lift yourself”
@kanyewest Currently in Asia doing apparel development. I’ve laid the ground the work with the best apparel and outerwear factories to produce YEEZY product. Your new designer J has my resume. All love
@kanyewest Count in the girl alchemists. We are scientist & artist and change starts with better models of reality
Curious, do you bring just regular people in to collaborate? Not just the “best of the best”? Some of the best minds of the world ya ent even been discovered yet.
You're a huge tool
https://youtu.be/efp4-GokhwI 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnewCJjIf7A&feature=youtu.be … 

Patents US 9,521,923, US 9,521,924ii, US 6,488,976, US 6,722,265,
Hmmm, but will your disneyfied Brand still make trash that costs $2000? Just go back to living under a rock
Nah my dude @ARKHAIVES_MGMT @KhaiHutchinson coming with that same energy. University, Ready to wear, Workwear (everyday wear) wrapped all into one. Since est, awhile now
Apple doesn’t design clothes but they will.
You’ll never be on their level.
if you don't source your material and labor sustainably, ethically and in all other ways responsibly, I will leave a severed puma head in your bed...the first time...
At unaffordable prices
You need to look up noel Alexander Morales who did all that fly stuff for Ddclab new balance life style pf flyer etc etc
Hire me just for the experience please
Okay. Let us know when your shoes cost less than $100 per pair. 
ethically made in LA and locally sourced ? you paying tech designers competitive wages and giving your sample sewers fills rights under the law? that’s be dope. also, Disney went bankrupt 7x. #freethoughts
nou wa bolela jo ,not masepa aow ntse o a'irang
You basically just described Nike...
Faz cair 50% o preço do tênis eu compro
Trump might misuse his power again and tell neo nazis to buy Kanye's clothing.   The one happy slave
Everything is crazy and delusional until it comes into fruition.
You should talk inconsideration that you would sell more if you gave an honest price to your merch
Agreed I have yet to see a line that’s affordable to ALL CLASS
Bro.  You sold 600 dollar white t-shirts to dudes that couldnt afford it.   Not to mention you design clothes that look lie an ewok should be wearing them.

Where can I apply?
Save the planet by becoming a Billionaire, yeez das ryte.
Uhhh... @Nike is the apple of apparel and sneakers my guy
It won’t be you/yezzy. Stick to music. Give your ego a rest. Quit adding to the worlds growing fashion waste. Where are your shoes made? Your clothes? In sweatshops like iphones?
New Slaves
yeah whats that? advanced robots haha
