I agree let's all sit together.
LEAVE SCOOTER ALONE
so funny
scooter knows better than to fuck w the wrong people lmfao
You’re a phucking tool dude ...you and your no talent wife
that’s not saying much coming from someone who has bomb and fire emojis in their name 
Lamp lexi got owned
Um. No not really.
Yeah actually yes
k cool
Big fan of scooter.  Listened to his podcast, and he has nothing but praise for you @kanyewest
We the black delegation would like to trade kanye west.. we don't want anything in return. Just take him white people.
damn - quick to be a cannibal when a great artist expresses himself, huh? Fine, you can take G-Eazy, that bitch says "F*ck Trump" at every show. Happy now, booboo?
Naw. It's not the expression itself, it is the grossness of it. If he expressed that he likes to cheat on how wife & have sex with giraffes that would also be an expression but one that might get him unfollowed & blocked. Free think all you want. It is still gross
Wake Up Mr West Kanye wudntve workd with Scooter braun anyway 
Yes, Scooter is a Genius. No, do not mess with him. Leave my boy alone
And truth is you never get what u want

@justinbieber look at this shit
No leave scooter
@TiaSitiso  lmao
I saw this already
Ok
He’s ours xo
P.s stream no tears left to cry 
If you think that Ariana will approve or even him... You're dreaming
You sure seem like a thoughtful individual
Nigha, we on Twitter.
I hope you are being truthful and are really trying to bring Citizens back together again.
Lol leave scooter braun out of this mess
CLOWN 
no
Scooter Braun has brains
You dont
Me
@Mandymccaffs
I denounce the covenent
Caught this!
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
All these people who are like sheep, followers and not leaders.  Everyone has to follow fads and have a brand because they don't believe their unique themselves.  Then the peer pressure to all be alike.  I look up to people who need no approval from others.
The only reason you wouldn’t want me on your team is because of the fear I might take over. Send some love let’s get it Kanye
The mental chains are breaking. The mental chains are breaking. LIBERATION! LIBERATION!
The platform as in social media? As in a FREE SPEECH social media that doesn't shadow ban based on ideology?
If so, I'll sign up and I'd even pay a membership fee ($1.99/month).
Leave scooter out of this
Everyone forget Kanye and just stan LOONA @loonatheworld
You overuse the word genius.


@scooterbraun ISSA TRAP!!!!!!

stream no tears left to cry instead
NO leave him alone get a job!!!
oh dear don’t take scooter nope no thank you bye
#TimePhoneHack
@scooterbraun u better fucking dont
we will NOT allow this to happen


@scooterbraun stick with your main  core

@scooterbraun sis block him
No
Lol
@kanyewest what about Scott scorch
Tell him to release CLs music yo
Throw me on the team Ye. I paint and create everyday. Everyday I meditate and strengthen my visualization. Reach out to me. I’m here
Never mention his name in your tweets lmfaooo
We think the fuck not. Stay away form him.
você está louca, querida.
Jerr.. There is  a loose marble rolling around upstairs..
Está louca, querida.
it's a no lol

@ohheyitsamber
What kind of name is scooter, at some point your parents thought, he definately doesn't look like a motorbike, but we can't call him a unicycle either..hmm scooter!
#donotcensorkanyewest
he’s doing just fine thanks sis
Would love to help out! This is something I’m passionate about and have some ideas you may find interesting.
oh sweetie..

@scooterbraun run handsome boy run
not today bitch
no way scooter cannot deal with ya shit

NOOO DO NOT BRING HIM INTO THIS
Scooter should release CL's music video cuz we've been waiting tho
Yeah
Oh no, leave Scooter out of this mess
LEAVE MY MANS FATHER OUT OF YOUR MESS THANKS AND WBK HE A GENIUS
Lmao
Can’t wait to see it
Well, u alone being a Trump supporter is blowing off ur idea of whatever. Scooter is so against Trump, he wouldn't go against his own belief
@kanyewest and GC Tha Artist
@Azii_M 
@scooterbraun block him, RUN
STAY AWAY FROM HIM
Some call that the last supper? 
What happened to donda?
@scooterbraun you better don't
Is scooter a bike or ... ?
stay away thanks x
@scooterbraun run
Yessss

I think tf not
I know your extremely busy but would you think of supporting fibromyalgia? A lot of us are struggling and hardly any believe! Thank you!!
oh shit
Scooter knows better
Let's hope this platform ain't based on the top of mount Fiji, so y'all can still see all diamond's in the rough. Got to dig deep to find rare raw uncut talent. We are like needle's in a hay stack to Artists standing on hills of cash. Make the Music Industry Great Again Kanye!
Oh yes, Scooter is a GOOD Man, no like youu !
he doesn’t want you

Ye, much love. Let the haters hate. They poison themselves the most.
But...
Tea
https://youtu.be/QpCyvdxRXjA  y’all check out my shit tho fr
No
Love this
@scooterbraun

@scooterbraun no
I like the energy but there is no "new platform". Kanye's having a learning experience. Liberalism is like optical illusion art, you could look at it all day long and you may never see the picture but once you see it you'll always see it. So welcome aboard friends but its not new
@KimKardashian Lmao Your Husband's On Crack
Take Irving and Jeff You Mental Headass
wya @scooterbraun
@ccalvin09
LMAO BYE

Scooter’s also electric that San Francisco is now regulating kasi theres too much na
leave him alone
I would sit at that table @kanyewest
No! We will not drag Scooter into this nonsense
on no honey
Scooter Braun:
@SavannahLorine
Ignore the haters
Leave scooter alone.
When you call everyone a genius, that means none of them are. Especially coming from you.
You need to sit with folks that lived that life!
NO

Yhh sure . But 1 st what’s it about
Which Scooter is that?
Stay away from him. Get a job
Stay away from scooter ugly
ehh no
Let me join!
Not. If i have a say in the way to change the world. I want scooter to have nothing to do with this or you
YASS @scooterbraun @justinbieber
Oh my god leave scooter out of ur mess lol
naaah bra leave scooter alone
I'm glad to know that all that shit bites of your problems is false! love and support for you always Kanye
Who is that please just ask for help if you need help, send 3 winky face emojis  if you need help
Who
I’m a genius hire me, I’ll intern for 90 Days to prove it.....
No kanye no
We can't take your word about whose a genius.  Didn't you refer to yourself as a genius, like that other "very stable genius"?
Kanye hit me up I’m a creative type
STREAM #NoTearsLeftToCry instead
bye
Didn’t you just fire scooter tho lmao! But word scooter is way more than a manager he’s a genius business man of the industry!
@jennakihl
DUH HE CREATED JUSTIN BIEBER
No after supporting Trump
NO LEAVE MY BABES ALONE JUSTN, ARIANA RUN
Didn’t u just fire him
A new social media hopefully its not like the brain wash project but it’s Kanye so it should be quite interesting
Can you help me and other Pro Trump artists start a record label called #MagaMusic
@scooter don’t let kayne narrative here  sway you into leaving the rest of your team.
LEAVE SCOOTER OUT OF THIS !
Scooter’s indeed a genius. That’s why he will not be a part of your stupid platform.
@KimKardashian take his phone girl he lost it
Yeezy please why others are jumping on conclusion over your expression and thoughts on being human, in respect to politics. all I'm asking for is your support to help me get my BSC, I'm pushing myself through the system and time's really hard right now, thanks sir.
Wi ces vrai je vé tout vous dure OK
You leave scooter alone 
HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA

no thanks
scooter's doing just fine thank u sis
buy and stream #NoTearsLeftToCry
please don’t bring bicycle into this...
i just snorted @groovieworm @CarolineReckons
@scooterbraun NOOOOOOO

Ariana and Justin are not okay
Scooter is genius, brave, loyal and he has gold heart. And that's why you shouldn't pull him to this mess
@scooterbraun UNCLE YOU BETTER NOT
boy do I have the app for you guys
@kanyewest your a G. You done recording the music now your letting go! Do you big dawg ! #MakeMusicGreatAgain
I hope you get Braun’s phone number someday =)
pls leave scooter alone you weirdo
Kanye x David Maisel x Scooter Braun. Stay woke.
stay away from him
no
For once someone famous in the industry users the words “ a part” correctly and yet you guys say Kanye is insane!!! You guys are insane for always adding A to P in sentences wrongly 
No one cares
GO OFF OF TWITTER AGAIN.. WE WERE MUCH HAPPIER...SMH.
Hell nah
No! He don’t support Trump
Is that why @scooterbraun posted about integrity and showing respect when you stand by people who continue to disrespect you?
You are a leader and yoy can be President and i can try and be after you man
omg I love scooter
What’s with all these negative tweets you people are vile
Good for you
he’s talking about the wrong scooter @KeananChallis
