#headnod = #default for me at least lol
I vote people show me love with a head nod ... I am not a random hugger, I'm some what of a reluctant hugger. I best know you and wanna hug you if you attempt to hug me. #stilllovehugs #ramdomhugsnicetoo #donttryhugmeifidontknowyou
Kanye, this is so exhausting!
Lol....seriously? What a joke. Exhausting is the media turning everything into a liberal 3 ring circus lol
That's dope Yay keep being you. That is truly your gift to this beautiful blessed universe. Unconditional love is a blessing but it's unfortunate that many are woken to see life's true beauty.


Love you Kanye
Amen
go. HUG TAYLOR
PLEASE read this: I feel like this is your philosophy yet it is not articulated properly? #love
 https://thinkingofcriticaltheory.blogspot.com/2006/05/chapter-8-deconstructive-criticism.html?m=1 …
That's why he wore the MAGA hat. To spread the general idea that anyone can say, "MAGA" without directly supporting Trump. It's basically his head nod to Trump indicating that it's a great statement, yet they can still disagree on other ideas. Regardless of a political party.
Oh yes, that's exactly my point. :)
Maybe start with the word appreciation it means the same thing as love
@kanyewest  you wanted all ud black folks to stop supporting you, Your wish had been granted. We gone
Kanye you surprise me I like this.
I have always felt this way ... working with Dialysis Patients I never assume all is well- Hold the door
Smile - help those in need daily - you really never know the difference you can make & what challenges others are facing 
Kanye, thank you! The hate has to stop but those who want to divide us keep creating the hate and keep fueling a false hate. It isn't about color. It is about love for our fellow man and woman. I can be white and love you as God wants, but they say I hate you to make you hate me.
I see where you’re going. Am trying to hang on as a fan, but can we agree to love Trump and disagree with what he represents? He doesn’t represent love. 
I hear you. Don’t agree but I hear you. The thing is- yes our country needs Love right now. But we also need to be out of debt, clean up our borders and get some stuff under control. Things that will make our country stronger for the next generation. 
Amen Brother we must show everyone we meet true love, call every man Brother and look into his eyes with respect. Call every Woman Sister and do the same, be the change every day. From me and mine to you and yours much love Brother.
I'm a hug person. That works for me. I get to show love not say it 
Or just plain old respectfulness
Loveyou
I Love You Ye. And I wanna spread my love out also to all the haters. Love conquers all
I did it that day.  I texted my friends "I Love you" and they were blessed by it.
Kanye keep searching for meaning. Your going through what all us Gemini go through but your just Kanye. The conflict between the conscience and sub conscience has been both a blessing and the curse of the Gemini. This conflict drives us to be creative and combative.
Love these words
I love everyone!! @kanyewest love you! There's not enough time in the world for hate
I too believe in not just telling my love ones everyday because tomorrow is not promise as well as showing love to any and everyone I come into contact with because that's what I want in return.
It's like 50 shades of Love....Luv it!

Life is very short , lost my mom Oct 2017 , it's good thing I always told her I love you. To my kids which are grown men, , friends from time to time. My wife always 
And saying it is good for both souls!
Kanye, you are TOTALLY COOL!!!  There might be hope for this world after all!
Love is not God: God is the Divine Grace.
Love is a message which is judged by fate.
#keepitreal
I smile at everyone. 
Why does it take a celeb for ppl to do good   You all can’t think for yourself. His msg is good but shouldn’t be why u did it
We’ve been doing that but your main guy @realDonaldTrump told the world that’s not really a priority. So why don’t you talk to him and quit #tweetpreaching to us, the people, Ye!
It's easy to say it, it's even easier to show it! Lovee & compassion should be natural
Because u think people obey u ? U re not God.
Wasn't heavy handed pal. Depends how you define love - leave that to other people. Stop second guessing yourself. You meant it.

All I read was you saying - I got some space for you - right here. I care.

0 to be ashamed of. Be this, if you got it in you:



You are a good guy, and smart.
Your music always reflected that to me.
Better than most.
This
I'll give the head nod by saying keep supporting what you believe in. Doing that publically and sticking to it gives us all hope that we can be the melting pot dream. There shouldn't be a black or white swim lane and you know that. People should all swim together and slay sharks!
Love is the key and can also be the lock
Hey Kanye could you please add these kids drinking dirty water with cattles to your people's so they can feel your love by donate to my gofundme please they are helpless.
We are trying to dig some wells and pump clean water to a big tanks and filter for better water for the communities we need your help LOVE you and your family
I will take a hug or whatever you wish to give & I would appreciate it 
Much love much respect God bless
Faith in action.
You clearly are not a hater. God Bless You.
I believe in this. I pray every night for our world and that god (or whomever one believes in) will bring us some sort of peace and love among each other. You cannot preach this enough and I stand by your vision #ourworldneedslove #loveisstrongerthanhate #LOVEoverEVERYTHING

I love you too
It's all about energy. Positive or Negative
Ye vs the people!
People are filled with hate nowdays. Makes you wonder what happened to humanity and caring for others?
The greatest?  Stop say nothing else your legacy depends on it.
Kanye trust your gut. You were right the first time! Love is where it’s at.

It was our Lords message. Love will always win!
it’s mainly ok to say things then update them. sometimes we grow and realize quick.
I knew what you meant, worry less
Not everyone is gonna get it Ye. But God bless you for trying. 

We love you, Kanye, but you have to bring iCarly to Brazil asap

Have you reached out to @taylorswift13?
Hate shackles you. Love is the key!!

I'll show my love by smacking ass's
but we can be funny mean sometimes right? coz this gets pretty borin...
@asc_____15
Wake up and smell the crosses, and tiki torches burning, Kanye!
Someone needs a hug and a kiss here, Kanye! Just reach out and tell these Trump loving Nazis that you love them.
Or it could be like the sprite advertisement u could be like im not going to tell u I love u Im going to ask you would you like me to love you lol
Spiritually, you did the correct thing! He wished above all things that we should love one another! Dearest, don't doubt yourself!

Yo i did this and now I’m having dinner with my cousin who I haven’t seen in over five years. Don’t apologize son.
Its bro, we knew what you meant.
You will never get through to the haters of the #Resistance. You made their list.
Resistance is a euphemism for Plantation!
I Love you
It may be me responding to your tweet?
Every time someone goes out my door I tell them that I love them.  You never know if you'll see them again
Just started following you.  Thanks for sending out these tweets - wish there were more messages like this from Hollywood- share the love
Nothing wrong with encouraging love. Love isn't a dirty word. See other people as people and show love any way you can.
Maxine Waters: Kanye Talking ‘Out of Turn,’ ‘Should Think Twice About Politics’
Easier said than done.
Good idea!!  Love is the answer even to naysayers!!  Love you !!
No, you have to tell people that you love them or they won’t know. A head nod does not equal telling someone that you love them.
Right, just remember what you are up against ... they will not surrender peacefully ... be prepared ... they have planted nasty seeds for a long time ... LOVE needs to win or nothing will get better.
If you are all about LOVE then what kind of inspiration do you get from a person like Trump that shows no Godly love for the poor or people from foreign lands that are struggling. Finding inspiration in someone like him says a lot about you and your motives.
That’s a good “Word”!
Don’t follow trends. Build trends.
Have you read Roland Barthes? I think you'd like him
He'd probably prefer Foucault
Love this

Love u!
I agree you never now how bad someone's life might seem at that exact moment. You could be the spark that sends them soaring. I know both sides of that coin.
Love you Kanye...
I'm thinking those that didn't give you a bunch of grief about your original Tweet knew exactly what you meant & agree with you.
Dear @kanyewest  As a woman that could be the age of your beautiful mother.  I want to tell you that I am so very proud of you Kanye for being authentic in a world that encourages sheeps .   
We are all nodding at you on this blessed day!
Bro.  People nowadays are so insecure about life itself. That they want to bully your words   Your wisdom.   Knowledge.         I have so much respect for you.   I'm excited to see what you will do next.  amen
I have a feeling this tweet about love is going to get a lot of hate.
We love and support you Kanye
Not heavy handed at all! Spread the message of love! If someone is offended? They really need love!
Kanye, we are OVER the shock, that you are a Trump voter & supporter.
Do you &...we will do us.
Find peace.

@johnlegend @chrissyteigen @oldmanebro @common @KimKardashian 
@Rosenbergradio 
@Bossip @BET @Blavity
alright, I’ll let it go THIS time...
On the subject of love - dads, here’s the best way to love your kids —> love their mom. (And vice versa)
https://bowlingwithed.com/2013/11/17/the-best-way-to-ensure-your-childrens-success/ …
#love #patenting @KimKardashian
Likening you more and more
If everyone judges, there can be no jury. You all want that verdict quick fast and in a hurry.
Will the real Kanye Fans that’s left and free thinkers please stay seated. Let those who think they stand for something remain heated. 
Dang..Bars! Kanye, put me on yo. @kanyewest
How bout dat Christian side hug?

No, it was very courageous of you. Atleast it must have put several shy people into thinking mode of how to muster enough courage to go about it :D
Glad you’re starting to see the light. Look deeper within...you will soon see or remember the light was always within you
The world desperately needs more acts of kindness and love.
I show it all the time through my art and jewels
We need more original & free thinkers like you 
I make it a point to study other religions and cultures, then converse with people different from me to understand and expand my mind. Some are scared at the thought of discussing our differences but it's what creates understanding and love for each other!
Acknowledgement is important
So are you gonna show some love to the poor, the homeless, the endangered, the immigrants... or you just gonna take steps behind trumps hate platform?  actions speak louder than words

I tell people I love them all of the time. Their discomfort diminishes when they see action behind it.
So aggressive 
Learn to use commas, then start telling other people what to do.
We knew what u meant. In our own way. Plus, we need to think for ourselves so if ppl take u literally and obey you, they’re mindless robots. No offense to u.
I really hope you start smiling more.
☉
If we each try to come from a place of love and understanding, in everything we do/say/react to, the world would be a better place. We need to exercise personal accountability and always try to imagine how things look in the other person’s eyes. How can we impact them positively?
One has to love himself first before thinking of others ....You don’t know none of that .
Like the bible says '...always consider others superior to you...' Imagine if everyone had that attitude to their fellow man how few problems we'd have in the world. The bible is untouchable in its wisdom, truly the word of God.
Right on brother
Really
I think people got the sentiment. It’s a great thought.
Love is not something that you say but rather something that you do. It is a verb... it takes action. The emotion of love comes directly from the verb but you have to be able to give love to receive it. It all starts inside... not outside.
One of the ways you can show love is by #assurance
Sigh ... what’s d madness assurance all about ... even after given some girls ... they still gon mess you up ... what’s d point brother ?
Son of Adam is in love with daughter of Eve... However, none of them can be #assured of stability. Let 'em enjoy the moment
We do that all the time
Yoooo cannn show some love on my RT
Haters don't love. Can't make people care about fellow man. Love is a gift. It's not man made.
Why don’t you tell your boy @realDonaldTrump to feel the same way about immigrants  #justsaying
Don’t listen to haters- u have a lot of love- and it’s no crime to try and spread some of it around!
You’re definitely not the Shakespeare of this generation.

Or a Porsche have you heard about @iam_Davido  did for the chioma 

YOU SAID something heavy handed? No.... Not you!!
Sometimes my aggressive head nodding is takes out of context tho. Other options? For now I’ll go with: hands at the ready for hi fives. Or maybe I’ll force the hi fives. #aggressivelove ftw
??????
No; I believe we should continue to influence human interaction with the word love being prolific and constantly used
I never thought I would say this but here goes. Gulp, I love you Kanye.  Ok that wasn't so hard, I am still alive and actually feel better.
Or for you @kanyewest an emotionless mean mug towards the camera?

or a wink but not a fart
liberty love warrior

stop trying to tell people how to live Ye
Kanye...Nice!  We love you.  Keep that positive voice!
I'm watching you ... hope this is real cause we need more LOVE and less HATE
Or a benevolent snarky comment to show I love you 
Patience nothing worth wild happens overnight we all must evolve.
Don’t revise this.  If you feel it, say it.  Saying I love you comes in many forms, in gestures, helping or just being there when someone needs it.  Just pay it forward.  It will make you feel good.
Love is peace and beautiful 
It could also be an admonition.
The end of prophesy is upon us.
I am not what you think, and neither are you.
i desperately want ur smile plsssssssssss 
I don’t think you were heavy handed. Stick true to your position
All we need is love. Keep spreading it and stand strong
Word
@fl_ntide  love u
I love you kanye!
Maybe just don't take life advice from the dude that said Bill Cosby innocent
Different strokes for different folks on the canvas of life. I like smiles, you never know wnat your gonna get but I am usually pleassntly surprised.
If we simply remember that we are all connected then remembering to do all things with #loveandkindness is automatic. A better world begins NOW #Leadership #TuesdayMotivation #TuesdayThoughts
Or just tell people showing love makes the world a better place.
Thanks. Prayers to you and your family for safety and health. @realDonaldTrump
“Or it can be Rich people taking care of poor”
I don't got a good smile or like touching people I'll go with the head nod. Thanks Ye
@kanyewest brotha I just texted her and told her that kanye said I should tell you that i love. But she doubts you said so
How about a slap in the back of the head from a parent when you screw up...that’s real love (probably child abuse these days )
If you talk about love and you want to learn how to love, read or listen to Rumi's poems.
Well dam show me some love
Or it might be a lady like myself making preemies beanies to wear in the hospital our making blankets for the people in nursing homes, or taking my leftovers out to the homeless in my town so they have a hot meal #showthelove all things that come from the heart 
If u truly wanna change and show others love, the best thing you can show us is to apologize to Taylor Swift for what you did.
Kanye u wanna get us killed!!!! This is no love.
Show your wife love. She would have no reason to take nude selfies and post them if you gave her a little Kanye once in a while.
Man this is getting weird. Just post some more stuff about Trump to make the Liberals mad
#ShowLove
