Nah man
I miss the old Ye https://twitter.com/firefitsdaily/status/743136830455947264?s=21 …
I love every Ye
Your comment shows closed mindedness. You don’t ‘love kanye’ anymore because he has love for another human being????????

Exam yourself!!!
I never said I don’t love him anymore. I said I miss the old kanye...
Well people change. Just because he is expressing of you shouldn’t give people the right to attack him like people are. I think it’s very sad.   We all should be showing more love these days.
Yeah. Let’s “love” a classless, loud, racist, bigoted, pathologically self-centered wasteland of a “human”, who brags about sexually assaulting women. When Trump called black athletes who stood up against racism “sonofabytches”, I doubt you were trolling his page about “love”.
Kanye cancelled for the rest of 2018
Because he can think for himself?
There's a difference between thinking for oneself and praising racists when you're part of the hip hop culture
No one has yet to provide me an argument on how Trump is racist. The argument I can get is “you’re dumb he’s racist” but no one actually has an answer. Lmfao typical
Central Park 5, apt applications marked with "b", Mexican Rapists, good people on both sides, comments on murder commited by Arabs but silence on white terrorists, just a short list
Lmao the Central Park 5 was a system mistake. He never ever called Mexicans rapists that’s a complete misquote and please elaborate on the third one because it’s an empty statement
:: asked for evidence of racism ::

:: presented with evidence of racism ::

:: refuses to accept evidence for racism ::

If you’re already convinced, what’s the point of asking for evidence?
I didn’t refuse to accept anything I have a rebuttal on how they were wrong
See I respect your ideas, your music, your art, your industry however you speak of love as a way to enlighten your future. As a way to push you to set goals and accomplishments which I agree. But you are talking about a man who has set so much fear in such little time...
He doesn't love. He doesn't spread love. He spreads fear. His tactics aren't ethical and disruptive.
And you are white. You will never know how we feel so stop telling us how we feel. Stop trying to find excuses for that man.
Weren’t you just talking about spreading love and now you changed your narrative to being about race?
It's been about race. Read in between the lines.
You don’t understand Kanye’s message if you think it’s about race.  The lefts obsession with race has driven them to be racists, the right is about individual actions.  The lefts obsession helps divide us, and helps keep people locked into a bad way of thinking.
His message was of love. And love is loving everyone. Not just a group
Thank you @KanyeWoke @kanyewest for showing LOVE when everyone around you is showing HATE!!!!! 
You have no proof he's racist. None. A man so racist that Jesse Jackson PUBLICLY awarded him for contributions to the black community. Trump then helped fund the creation of the Rainbow Coalition with Jesse Jackson.  Your ignorance and hypocritical bigotry is baffling.
I’m following you to show my support of independent thought.
Hope you buy his album as well! This is all a publicity stunt to pander and get the support of conservative America to buy his upcoming album.
Makes the majority of his base upset (fundamentalist progressives) so they won't buy his album just so he can *possibly* sell his album to some conservatives.  Yup.  Makes sense.  
Liberals bashing Kanye saying he should forego his ideals so that he doesn’t upset his base for the sake of making money is the most delicious irony yet! Yet they would applaud him for doing so if he believed what they believe.  Tasty, delicious irony!
He isn’t for people of color
Black  unemployment at record lows and wages rising. Umm, you lose.
What about the fact that he is the only person to not thank the hero who stopped the waffle house shooting (who is black), or said anything about the victims (who are also black), or anything about the shooter (who is a white christian)?
Bro there are shootings across the country every single day. It’s not cool or anything, but the president of the us doesn’t have time to acknowledge and comfort the victims of every single shooting in America
But he had time to address every shooting that’s happened and label the shooters as “mentally ill” , and also had the time to tweet, and call football players “SOB” 
“Every shooting that’s happened” sooooooo she’s acknowledged all ~96 people who are shot every day? No. He addressed TWO shootings.
The only two that he used to try to validate things he’s said.
Lmao ok
AMEN TO THAT! TRUMP HAS BEEN SAVING THIS COUNTRY AND KILLING POLITICAL CORRECTNESS. HE WORKS FOR ALL AMERICANS!
kanye you buggin lmao
WE ARE BOTH DRAGON ENERGY LMAO
is that like tiger blood or something
Why is @KanyeWoke @kanyewest ‘buggin’?????

Because his opinion is different from yours? Because it shows love for another human being?. You really need to look in the mirror and examine yourself!!!!
Lmao u got dragon energy too huh
bruh
Real Talk Ye! Even AFTER the apology, I still thought you were the MOST gangsta rapper!

We all need to love everyone! But this man sees equality between nazis and people resisting them. He disrespects women, and his wife daily. He is selfish, and will throw you UNDER the bus Bro
You love a sexual predator.  You ok with old guy looking at your daughter? Grabbing your wife?
Can’t believe Kanye would tweet something like this after all of the serial wife-grabbing trumps been doing!
He’s not a sexual predator
Trump is a sexual predator.
How
Should we go thru the 22 women who are on the record? How about the rooms for of girls at beauty pageants who he leered at and bragged about it? Oh yeah,  and trump told us he's a sexual predator....
Yeah we should because those women accused him of sexual assault and he hasn’t been convicted
Fuck.  Look up #MeToo

WOMEN DON'T LIE ABOUT THIS.  

Get woke man.
Nice! #respectforthoughts

You dont understand how bad i needed this meme for my collection
Permission to steal
As long as you know the difference between "ur" and "you're" (which I don't believe is the case)
You lose that right when you become a president. Your thoughts and actions should represent your countries thoughts and actions as a whole, not a select demographic. It’s levels to it and you know it ye.

Dragon energy? I thought Charlie Sheen and his Tiger Blood was bizarre. Have a word with yourself Kanye lad. 
Getting my attention bro 
You're starting to go all Charlie Sheen on us dude. Dragon energy?
hes a fucking moron kanye - wake from the illusion
@Rosie You're not tired of getting punked yet?  You got clowned during a Presidential debate. That will NEVER go away.
I love you too Kanye.
You're Dragon Energy too Scafe.
Oh shut up.
Tell your brother to chill the F out before he puts us@war. You have everyones attention, speak your truth. What do U agree with Trump? Views on women, black people, racists, porn stars, muslims, tax cuts tell us your truth.The mic is yours.#wtfisdragonenergy? #notgameofthorns



What are you talking about? He's been rightfully called a racist for decades
Hmm... I see your point... super racist!!! 
This has been debunk
No it hasn’t!!!!! 
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/donald-trump-naacp_us_580ac881e4b000d0b156e6e2 … 
It’s the Ellis island award!!! You don’t even know what you are arguing!!! 
 Come on man!!
Girl, that shit is more fake than your eyelashes, cheekbones, hair color, and (I’m guessing) breasts.
This ain’t it Chief
Dude, stop making coffee w Red Bull.
@scottycurk trump plays Skyrim too
MSGA
Lore is the new constitution
Wow, David Duke and Kanye West love you Donald!  If Charles Manson were alive he'd love you too.

Lowkey love u for this
I don't miss any of Kanye. The world would be better wo the zilch
Gob Bless You, Kanye
My head hurt
y ?
i love this so much

My reaction to this nonsense
This is the Real Kanye looking at the Android one shh. What's the fuck wrong with you bro??
He is off the rails
Congrats Kanye, hope ruining your international reputation is worth it.
"Dragon energy," huh? Do you also have "warlock blood and tiger DNA"?  
Nah
Yep. Dragging energy. 
So says Kanye Kardashian. 
Whatever. 
Sellout.
Trump IS the mob. Stay blind. It will do you as much good as those with their heads stuck in the sand. Obliviousness is a danger to democracy.
@kanyewest in 8 years obama took USA from brink of a depression and brought stocks from 8000 to 19000. Unemployment from 10.5% to 4.6%. Obama brought in a decent healthcare bill. No porn stars. No corruption decent family man. Never wanted to grab pussy or date his daughter
Also in 8 years Obama brought stocks from 8000 to 19000? Trump has brought them from 19000 to 26000 in ONE YEAR.
In one year he also made us all at each other’s throats. More divided than ever

False Idols
Even as a strong Trump supporter I do not agree with everything he says. I dont know how anyone could possibly agree with someone completely! Unless they have been brainwashed! Many who claim to hate him cant even give an honest un-fabricated answer as to why! 
#BRAINWASHED!
I'll tell you why I hate him.
1. He doesn't read intelligence briefings because he thinks he's smarter than everyone.
2. He's a pathological liar.
3. He's a bully.
4. He has zero self-control. 
5. He's a racist.
6. He hires incompetent people.
7. He's lazy.
8. Attacks Free Press
Thank you for confirming what I just said!
ALL Fabricated answers!
#BRAINWASHED
I pray you will eventually be #WOKE
You're just like Trump. Calling people names that apply to yourself - #Brainwashed
Name calling?... I called no one names.... I merely stated my opinion that I feel some people are Brainwashed... that isnt name calling!
Arent you sweet..... such a good Mommy!
I am, thank you. All of my children have been blessed with my quick wit. They make Mommy very proud.

Imma let you finish, but Trump has had the greatest presidency of all time.
What rock were you under before this year?
Its awesome to be able to see through all the media lies and recognize that trump truly has the best interests of this country in mind!

Like this?
I love it Trump's boobs are bigger than Kim's implants!!!


is this the mob you talkin bout?
#fucktrump 
It’s not the ‘mob’ asking you not to love him, it’s common sense and decency. He’s a serial cheat, racist, egomaniac, irrational, inconsistent, a perv, etc etc - you can’t possibly find these traits aspirational.
Wow,Do you need a safe space??


That your boyfriend?
Comeon @DustyLee2016 ...  Dont be a fokn #GayFrog #SoyBoy... Jump on the #TrumpTrain @realDonaldTrump
So the same nigga who thought George Bush didnt care about black people thinks that Trump does? Yeah ok.
Look at the facts.   Trump Doesn’t care about the rich white billionaires.   More blacks and Latinos are working right now.   The Democrats have failed the inner cities!     Good jobs are the answer or if not at least a start.
Im not here to change your mind champ. Keep believing that bullshit if you want too. I read.
Tobie.... things are looking up for everyone, I don’t know why you refuse to see that 
Looking up? Mf its 2018. Y'all stalled my grandparents and my parents out with that 'getting better' shit for generations. When the fuck is it just better? The guy you support couldnt find a bad word for Nazis. Im not waiting on better.
I guess it’s a matter of perspective my man, you have opportunity out there, we have opportunity, we have a chance at happiness that other generations didn’t have. We could be anything and do anything if we work for it
Also I didn’t do anything to you, or your family. What rights aren’t afforded to you that’s afforded to a white person?
Kayne dear, I'm sorry to say but you appear to have drifted into becoming TOTALLY CRAY-CRAY
Because he is open minded and expresses what he believes?
That’s that Gemini  need for communication and blatant honesty 
Wow
You are kidding me. We have never seen the likes of Trumps blatant racism, bigotry, sexism in any President in our time. He embodies pure white supremacy, so, this is more than your superficial post about “dragon energy” and that “he is a brother”.
He hasn’t got it in his heart to comfort a Black wife who lost her soldier husband in Niger (of which we still have no answers from his cabinet as to what happened), he still hasn’t mentioned the 4 people of color that we’re killed at the Waffle House by a white shooter.
I got something for that dragon energy.
You are a wise man, Kanye West! 
Seriously?  LMAO! Meanwhile, Trumps personal lawyer plead the 5th in porn star Stormy Daniels case. Do you even have a clue what all of that means? I doubt you understand the significance since you think Kanye is smart.
Democrats just trying to take attention off of what's soon to be coming
What’s “soon to be coming?”
Anothertrump term
Weird because Democrats have been killing it on the special elections and Republicans are resigning everyday. 

Good luck with thaf
Pennsylvania a Democrat won because Republicans were turned away from voting booths. And Judge Roy Moore had a fraudulent political smear campaign perpetrated against him by Libs at least Democrats are true to form, they have to cheat to win. I'd hardly say that's killing it
Moore never got his day in court. Sad
Well, good for you. Love the sinner, hate the sin.
Had to redo thistweet
so it can be seen by everyone.

Twitter flipped my media settings under Privacy & Safety to hide the media I tweet. This is a tactic used by Twitter to silence the #MAGA Movement & keep us from freeing people’s minds.

See the  at the bottom? SAD.
Will check to see if the retweet worked Alice first 3 times message "Sorry, that Tweet has been deleted"
Twitter is over-controlling our ability to voice ourselves. This is the forum our President has chosen & we have a right to tweet on an even playing field. Trump supporters are discriminated against on this platform & I refuse to be quiet about it.

Protest Twitter Censorship
Amen 1,000x over! @VivaLaAmes13 is still in twitter jail for defending herself...
They harass us into defending ourselves & then mass report to censor us because they have ZERO vision for America’s future. All they have is slander & lies about Trump & his supporters.

We are winning because our hearts are in the right place for this country & they know it.
Because you don't like the news about Trump doesn't make lies.And lets face it even you knew it were true you would still support him #cult45. Furthermore, you support a racist,adulterous,homophob. So because of this fact, intelligent respectable people will see you as deplorable
Sorry ... I don’t bother reading:
Just think Kanye, your being criticized by people that can't think for themselves. They're being controlled but you my brother are a free thinker and a free man!
trash
You are schooling the intellectuals @kanyewest Thank you for reminding us this is a FREE country by being your own man. RESPECT
#DragonEnergy
Dragon energy? 
Can someone explain that to me? 
It honestly can’t be explained
Thanks Ello!
It's funny when you don't run with the "mob" how quickly they lash out at you. Their tolerance for free thought is low. Wolves in sheep's clothing.  Your voice is heard Kanye.
GUYS HE NEVER SAID HE SUPPORTS TRUMP JUST BECAUSE HE'S DEFENDING HIM DOESNT MEAN HE SUPPORTS HIM. And if he does then why do you care, you see this is why i hate politics.
Lmao ok smh
Thank you for expressing your independent ideas instead of following the pack. Your message is how reasonable people used to think in this country -- don't know whatever happened to our right to free speech. Maybe you're the guy who can bring it back.
You speak the truth and I’ve gained nothing but respect for you after this tweet
u went from my fav to the bottom
Who cares


28 million
....who gives a fuck what they think?
Obviously you cause you are here
Amen

We have a right to a decent and honest POTUS. We are the United States, after all. Without truth and rule of law, we have nothing and with trump we don’t have truth or rule of law. So, we have nothing.
Never liked Kanye so I have nothing to lose

#Kanyewest  Ok!  The cooning is officially over...  You’re promoting that new album right!  Sorry! We’re not buying it anyway.  There’s absolutely nothing significant that you will teach us on it.  There’s absolutely nothing significant that we can learn from it.  @BoycottKanye
He doesn't need you to buy anything.
Here's an independent thought.  You aren't the sharpest tool in the shed.
Make change-get involved. You have the celebrity/power to change inner city violence. Help those moms doing the right thing, working, keeping their kids on the right track-those same kids living in fear of being studious-good. They deserve better! I don’t have answers.. you-power
Even Chance the Rapper agrees with Kanye, and Chance is a happening dude.
I am not a fan of yours. I don't know your music and don't like your fashion designs or aesthetic. But I respect you SO much for speaking your mind. Refreshing.
As a brilliant businessman with your marketing skills you better hope you’re right. Standing by Trump and going against your entire fan base could prove fatal for your career
you really think people gonna stop listing to him over politics, maybe.0.001% of his fanbase. We all love his music i’m sure you couldn’t resist his new stuff cause of something unconnected to music
People who stop listening to him aren't LISTENING to him anyway.
I personally don’t like Trump but that will not make me dislike Kanye. I don’t really like Kanye either because I don’t know him but I can respect his decision to support Trump in a way. You have the right to like/support whom ever you want just know that in you role this....
Your**
But Trump is more of a Grand Dragon...
ooooh... you must mean Hillary's mentor for over 30 years, Exalted Cyclops in the KKK, Senator Robert Byrd
Did he gave you money and that’s why now ur like this?
he already has so much money. Are you blind?
“Wtf is Dragon Energy”
you must really be trying to hype up the next album huh?
Very true Kanye.Thats what makes us individuals.!!!!!!
Woah wtf I suddenly like Kanye West now
Oh Kanye. You’ve gone and done it. Said the truth. Let us all watch as the pure unadulterated hatred heads your way. #MAGA. Trump is an amazing President.

New follower here , welcome to the #MAGA
I have to give it to Kanye, he's the type of friend who will hold out for you even if it means people rip into him #loyalfriend

Get well soon.
Kanye is cancelled I guess.
You and your buddy Trump actually have something in common. The more you tweet the more you lose.
Everyone should think for themselves and bring their ideas to the table to find solutions for what we all desire to achieve, working together. Thankful for your words today.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Thank you for this!! The left will bitch that you need to think like them. Which means to hate Trump. Think for yourself! Finally someone in Hollywood gets it. Go @kanyewest!!

Whoa Kanye. Are you working on cultivating your white supremacist consumer base?

hahahahaha, I spit out my coffee at that one.
We care all fed up with the DEMOCRAT party.

They lost the election and have been throwing temper tantrums hourly since that day.

It's pathetic. 

#VoteRed2018 #VoterID #DEMANDVOTERID #Trump2020 #TrumpPence #MAGA #MAGA #TRUMP #kanye #KanyeWest
Who are you? Never heard of you.
Good
@realDonaldTrump 

#DragonEnergy 

@KimKardashian 
Love this. Gonna use it ... pls tx
2005 GEORGE BUSH DONT CARE ABOUT BLACK PEOPLE -REMEMBER NBC 2005- 
I’m not a Trumpie but HRC didn’t GAF about black people either. She got in a verbal fight with a young woman from #BLM Her and her husbands policies hurt the black community.  There was no choice. I’m glad she lost. Im just sad that meant he had to win. Both choices were bad.
You have no brain
Get off my dick http://bitch.com 
Don't agree with your politics, but accept your view point as your own
“There’s my black guy! There he is”
@realDonaldTrump 

President Trump was elected to make difficult decisions and do the right thing...

No more time to waste!

#PresidentTrump #KanyeWest #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Kanye West. Kanye West. Kanye West. I can never put my trust in your music because I feel it would be wrong. Why ? Because I do not support someone who supports a wicked person. Maybe you should try and work with Trump on calling more Countries Shit holes.
Why do you people care so much that he has respect for our president? He doesn’t agree w Trump on everything.^^^ but why do you people have to attack him for saying we are all individuals and can think differently? That’s just messed up.
Are you looking for a White House gig?       Don't.       Look at track record of anyone associating themselves with trump.... down hill.  Fast.   Then again...
Sounds like you’re still on drugs
How you throw your fans away bro, I thought we was cool
You just go on then and love him.  You are a lot like him.  Both of you like to say dumb stuff that you haven't thought out.
Hopefully, Kanye will encouage more people to express their individuality and come out of the political closet.
#DragonEnergies I think you're spot on Kanye
I'm a Trump supporter but I don't agree with everything he says. That's why I'm a Trump Supporter, because I'm free to agree or disagree without being treated like sh*t.
You better “Get Out” my brother. I don’t care. Just go 

Not surprised Kanye, you share many of the same personality traits. 
Legit, mad respect,
YES! Now THAT is Conservative ideology!!  Conservatism values the individual & rights of the individual.  Liberalism values the collective over the rights of the individual & tramples on the individual's rights & free thought for a "collective good."  Good Job Kanye! Well Said!
 you are a free spirit going against the wind !
#GoldenAge
#MAGA #MCGA
#DrainTheSwamp

@RealCandaceO
@kanyewest
@realDonaldTrump
Preach it, brotha'! #MAGA2020
I agree...with the independent thought part.
I told you Boy Don't ever useb money to buy author Kenyan West Trump Loving CD Boyyyy!
Much Respect Brother !! 100%

@kanyewest @JColeNC said it best, bro you need help. If your music is a reflection of your heart, weve watch you take a dark turn. We champion free speech and want to destroy the confines of group think too, but Trump is diametrically oppose to everything you’ve spoke out against
bruh, but power is followed by great responsibilities.
The thought police try to control how we think and speak. Thank you for speaking out against this control. Hopefully your message will reach the kids, that they can be free to have their own opinions and don't let peer pressure control them.
Nah I’m out
Yassssss! Enough said!!!
Of course you're a trump supporter , you're a millionare who forgot where he came from. We all know you need them tax breaks too. #notsurprised
Tell me 3 things Trump has done as President that you agree with. Don't worry, I'll wait forever.
Shut the fuck up
Finally, Kanye did something right
I don't even know why tall hating on Kanye like it's love and positivity and if that what he truly thinks in his State of mind then let it be we don't all need to agree with something I'm not saying I support Trump but like why can't we just have love and positivity
Yall*
No Surprise. You two actually have a lot in common: Inflated Ego , Narcissistic, Self Centered , You both only associate with people that Fully benefit YOUR agenda. Both react to criticism with Denial and Explosiveness. NEED ATTENTION ALWAYS.. Im not KW Hater just not suprised.


LMFAO they being weird
Someone forgot to take their meds
2 crazies forgot to take their meds or maybe they did... .from the candyman!
You love him because he lowers the tax obligation of the rich. I understand why you love him, but I think it makes you seem like a total arsehole for ignoring how his shitty choices affect POC. I say this as someone who has always defended you against the haters.
Here's a pic I took when you played Sydney
I always assumed you were a talentless, self-serving, loud mouth, idiot. Now I know you are
If you love everyone then you love @HillaryClinton and @SenSanders. And @JebBush and @marcorubio. Why focus just on @realDonaldTrump? Universal love means being apolitical.
It takes real courage to think for yourself and speak out in an industry full of parrots.
Kanye, i agree.
My thoughts exactly! Proud you stood up for yourself!
good luck with that
Amen to that. We are individuals who have independent thoughts and we all have a right to express those thoughts and ideas. Why I love my country. 
Bye RIp 2018

An independent thinker in a politically correct culture is a dangerous thing to those that prefer the mob mentality. Yet you stand tall and tell them all that you can think for yourself.
Amen!
And to think I just sat in a bar in the Denver airport and told this cool stranger man  named Tim that you were a genius. #enoughisenoughwithyourtrumplove #trumpcouldn’tbeadragonifyoupayedhim #dragonistotrumpasfireistopee #comeonkanyewtf
I agree that everyone should stand by their individual opinions, and since yours is a tweet expressing love for this guy Trump, be responsible to your fans and explain where you come from on your tweet. If you really don't care what people think, then i guess that's on you.
Amazing how our fore-bearers fought & died for our freedom/equality/education while as a race today we overwhelmingly allow rich white LIBERALS to tell us what to think & who to vote for to the point we attack each other if one dares to think differently!! Incredible!!
Somebody hacked your account obviously
Never thought I would say this but I agree with everything Kanye tweeted!


You're an idiot.
I don't like Kanye West's music but I definitely have solid respect that he's not hating on Trump purely because the liberal masses point out that hes black and so he has to hate Trump and call him a racist. Liberals 'owning the thoughts' of african americans is the new slavery.
You just told the World you are a fool or a self promoter.
Guess it is true Kanye West is the new Kellyanne Kanye.
so many grammar errors....
Just think if you put as much thought into designing sports shoes as you do tweeting nonsense then you would have some nice looking footware instead of those piss poor rank looking Yeezy things!
Thank you!! Thank you!! Thank you, Kanye for standing up to the thought police in this country and exercising your freedom of speech without backing down. I love you more than ever!!!
Waiting for dragon energy strain of weed to debut like..........I bet it’s a hybrid 


Kanye West is now in the Sunken Place! Get Out!!!
Only a liar #Love to a liar.

#FactsFirst
#PrimeroLosFactores

Solo un mentiroso #Ama a otro mentiroso!
