Ok kanye
Yeah MLK believed "love can drive out hate." Look where that thinking got him.
MLK will be remembered for loving, as he was killed by his enemies. Indeed, the example of Christ is present in this; whereas Malcolm X will be remembered for dividing, and was killed by his friends.
How did Malcolm X create division. White ppl did that. Jim Crow? Smh
Malcolm X was no enemy of segregation. Jim Crow was one of the few things he saw that white people got right, because it highlighted racial enmity that, in his mind, made an irreconcilable difference between white people and black people. He was wrong, of course.
Malcolm X was right. Also, if you study MLK you most likely wouldn't like him either. You only seem to know of the whitewashed version of African Americans Heroes.
Malcolm X was wrong; especially about his ideas concerning natural dispositions of hatred between blacks and whites. My greatest pleasure about him is that after his Hajj to Makkah, he saw the error of his ways. My biggest regret is that his enlightenment got him killed.
Malxolm X was right. Had we followed him we would not still be treated like second class citizens.
I accept that you feel that way, and I hope that additional research in the future will be conducive towards providing you with a more accurate recollection of his beliefs and their derogatory, divisive, deconstructive nature. Enjoy the rest of your day.

Tell that to loving families torn apart by ICE
to be fair they come to america illegally
ok and? They came here for a reason. To have a better life. that’s not being “fair” It takes years to come here legally.
I’m not saying they shouldn’t have a better life, by all means, come to the country, assimilate, learn the language and become a productive member of society, but just because they want a better life, doesnt mean they should attain it without going through proper legal procedure
I agree but do you know how long that takes? Many of them live in danger, poverty etc etc. And when they come here they aren’t bad ppl whatsoever, they don’t come here with bad intentions, they simply want a better life for themselves and their children
That’s a lie, and second of all, shouldn’t the attention be placed on fixing the immigration system? And plus, even that isn’t very easy, considering how many people want to enter the best country on the planet (and trust me, I’m from Australia)
You just contradicted yourself. Saying they “want a better life and deserve it” but then saying that’s a lie? And the “greatest country on earth” was founded by immigrants but it wasn’t illegal because the systems weren’t in place?
You said they weren’t bad people whatsoever, that’s the lie
Love is energy , everything is energy. All of everything , IN THE UNIVERSE, could be , all love.
Not everything has to be so black and white. Opinions are a spectrum. Kanye can admire much of what Trump has achieved despite still not being in favour of some controversial acts. Dont demonise someone for thinking differently and constructively.

The end of the thought police.
As long as you recognize that about Hillary Clinton as well.  I would agree with you.
Honestly I’m not from the US and I thought both of your candidates were messy.

But everyone has the right to express an opinion, I saw good and disgusting things from both sides.
tbh Trump definitely did worse shit and endorses dictators, but I respect Yes opinion. I know he doesn't support the fascist aspect of Trump
What’s did Trump do that was is bad then? I’ll wait
Colluding with Russia for starters.
Endorsing a pedophile
openly courted nazis and KKK
placed a ban on immigrants based on religion
shut down trade agreements with other countries and threatens more
pushed forward the dakota access pipeline
spends more time golfing than working
Russia was proven to be false. He denounced the kkk and nazis. He placed a ban to protect you and me. Don’t forget Obama made the ban list. There is nothing wrong with the pip line and Obama was the one who started it. You’re just fake news
Shut up Kanye
People can do some crazy and horrific things in the name of love so why would they argue with it?
I love you Nigel 
WHY DO DEMOCRATS CHOOSE ILLEGALS OVER BLACK & (LEGAL) HISPANIC LIVES???? 

BECAUSE THEY ONLY CARE ABOUT YOUR VOTE! WHAT HAS THE DEMOCRATIC (PLANTATION) PARTY DONE FOR YOU??
You say that, but you support Trump? The literal opposite of Love? I'm confused.
Democrats R the very OPPOSITE of love.... WHY DO DEMOCRATS CHOOSE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS OVER BLACK LIVES? B/C they don't care about other, just want their votes!! Trump is trying to help the black community get jobs & self respect.
How can you believe that and support trump???
Lol ...agreed plus what about the love between Reggie and Kim, you know when u were cheating with Kim Kardashian and she was still with Reggie? Just wondering..
Come on back man we miss that good music
When you coming out as gay?

and yet some use that 'argument' to kill
What about the fact that your lost!
There are many different kinds of "love". The most powerful kind is pure, selfless, unconditional love. To learn more about that kind of love read this article about love and share it with others:
Lol. That's why #Trump demanded a Muslim ban. Because love.
Collab with iCarly
k
14 YEAR OLD MILLIONAIRE LIL DROPTOP FLEXINNN  @lilpump 
w
k
Come to India....!u will know more a about the power of love.
"For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life.
John 3:16 NASB
the problem came when your president don’t respect other races, religions, regions and other kinds of love
You should remake the song Power of love by Huey Lewis.
Stay on your meds and continue in therapy, oh and stay off social media cause you are really bad at PR
cala a boca
esse cara é doido
apoia trump e vem falar de amor agr aí aí
Your president has a funny way of showing it...
Our* president
@nabucodonosor96
Acho q ele apagou. Tira print p mim

Ah sim kkkkkkkkkk vontade de sair panhando
Não da. Nessa altura do campeonato. Alguém precisa parar este homem hahaha
True. Nigerians need to understand this one very clearly
God is Love. Period.

Love is patient, kind and endures everything.
Damn. The Liberals are mad at The Power of Love lol
With Faith in Repentance, our Grace is FREEDOM 
#byourlove
Republicans are not the party of Love but the party of hate
tell that to Neo-Nazi's
There's like literally 4 neo-natzis in America, who don't even pose a threat!
Facts!
I agree, but the only way to restore balance to our damaged, war-torn planet, is through unity, and shared knowledge. 
Inbox me, if you wish to discuss a plan. 
Of course they can.
Huey Lewis said it better
Neither could Jennifer Rush, Frankie Goes to Hollywood or Huey Lewis and The News!!!!
@Hannerida @weyheyliana
Tell that to your buddy Trump's buddy Vladimir!
Nope they can’t. But you can’t support the spread of hate (even if it’s through others) and still say you’re spreading love. That’s the epitome of a contradiction 
HUEY LEWIS! WITH THE POWER OF LOVE!
So Much Love Thr 
Have you ever been to a mosque?
Bitch!!!! Leave @celinedion out of this...That is true #Legend #G.O.A.T #Talent Status


Fuck religion. Bad vibes 
Power of Love cover when?
This meme needs updated with a Kanye Comma
Right that's why I just got the right to marry less than 3 years ago... but sure lets pretend that religion and political party had nothing to do with it.
Or Good Clean Fun!
Because God is love...

What's so funny?
“The haters are still gonna hate”.
Do I sense a collaboration with Huey Lewis???
@amber_gragg you know he’s a trump supporter now?
yes i saw
LOL YOUR LOVE FOR DONALD TRUMP 
Republicans argue with ‘the power of love’ constantly. Have you seen their legislation? That’s kind of their thing....
YES WEST YOUR GOB IS SO BIG COZ  YOUR A SMOKIN ROCKSTAR BUT IT AS FŪKALL TO DO WITH MUSIC YOU EGOTISTICAL IGNORAMUS 
Did you just make that up.  "Players only love you when they're playing."
Remember though where that power of love comes from. It comes from Jesus Christ!
.AMEN!
Truth has no race, and the truth will set you free...
We are in a silent war today and we need more black people like MLK. Kanye you might just be the one.
Have to repost this @kanyewest. This is something republican Martin Luther King Jr. would have said. He was all about love, no violence. His motto was: “love could cure hate”
well trump wants to ban people from loving who they choose so i think you should rethink this tweet
I actually agree Yeezy...Love is powerful brother but we also gotta fight for what is right...ready for this album to drop though
A truly enlightened being does not need to swim in controversy in order to get attention. I'm not into your music but you must be talented so all you need is your music and the attention is yours. We are all a little crazy but through observation,  you have become ill. Pray
Yes we all do. I do too.  But the energy behind his tweets are off. They're misaligned. He is unwell.
I thought you were enlightened  but I was wrong. You're fake and I do believe you're slightly mentally ill. Anyone can quote beautiful spiritual truths. You need to meditate for true clarity and grounding. But if you're a zombie or clone then all I'm saying won't matter.
Next thing to change, use punctuation.
So beautiful and true!! Thanks for spreading the love 
@scat1c
Then you've not met some African parents that would argue , fight till they die.
Then you have notet some African parents...
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
L
Jesus Christ Is Love! God Bless You & Yours! Love is The Name of The Game!!!!
Need to define the terms. Define, "love", .@kanyewest
because love has no power
Kramer says this is all "Kooky talk" kanye
Where do you stand with the native Americans?
Preach!
@kanyewest  big facts

Ray j

A wall can tho
But they all can tho
Yeah don't forget the power of commas
Lol.  I thought he was talking about a race region religion.  The haters are still gonna hate.
Love conquers all
Dude you ain't love the black community that put you on since your mom passed
This is the truest thing I’ve read in a long time
don’t need money, don’t take fame- don’t need no credit card to ride this train. It’s strong and sudden and it’s cruel sometimes, but it might just save your life. THAT’s the power of love.
God is love

Tina T says it best, what's love got to do with it.. Yo stop with the fronting, Mr. I make more off shoes than Jordan.. #ifitaintboutthemoney #birdish
True that.  Religion instills fear.  Not love.
Love shouldn't be driven by these things either but here we are, a homophobe still tells me I'm the fag that his god hates, even if his god is all loving
Love is what brings people together.

You know the one thing I take from all this is that you can say what you want about Kanye, but he is a loyal dude . He may know it’s not popular to say he is friends with Trump , but he keeps it real . In my circle, loyalty is the most important thing amongs friends . That’s tru
Well good thing I'm a hater and can argue with anything. Especially the power of love
True
You make sense..... supporting Trump but ‘love’ is important? Kids got separated from their parents and muslims were hold in the airport like prisoners. Imagen North separated from you or Kim. Or being hold in a airport. And you’re acting like he did anything for Chicago.
Kanye’s not Illegal though
Huey Lewis and the news agree!
What happens when the political party puts policies in place that rips families apart? Love won’t get dead or deported loved ones back.
And it is so sad that there are so many people in politics that are trying to keep us fighting over one thing or the other, instead of trying to bring people together no matter what race religion or political ideology!   (LOVE!)
oo na gurl
After Trump you talk about love!! What are you smoking?
Nothing. He’s got his mind in place. Kanye is Kanye, he’s got his beliefs in order. You can be a republican and still love, pal. I support trump and still love.
then why are you involved with politics.  you speak of Love, as being all powerful. i do not see your words or actions, as a person who has surrender to that belief.  is your first thought always that of Love and compassion.  namaste.
You don’t half chat some shit

@kanyewest we get it Kanye, you made a point everyone can agree with. What’s next? “Aye y’all, 1 + 1 = 2, and don’t let politics tell you otherwise” dude you make every South Park parody of you so true
Which Trump has no LOVE..
Lmao sorry can’t get over your bio  and the fact u got any place to make of such statement 
I got cancer reading her bio
What's taking long for u to die
Cancer isn’t instant death btw
Lol the fact she doesn’t know that is astounding 
You despise your own kind, is that love?
Yes Indeed!! Very true!!
Lol just like in crypto... if someone goes down in popularity... buy the dip. Sell the high. At Jesus prime he was hated the most. Even he’s own best friend narc’d on him. Etu brute!! The devils spew hate while the angels will always sing songs of love.
Sure  man pls can I get a birthday wish
Kanye you are the new Plato
Religion is all about love...the love of God... therefore it can't argue with the power of love..#justsaying
#WellSaid sir
You don’t even love your skin lmao
They could argue over the best version, Frankie Goes to Hollywood or Celine Dion...
John Lennon, is that you?
So @Huey_Lewis_News is your Viceroy?
you don't love anyone but yourself and your mom bro....everyone knows that...that's ok but don't pretend to love everyone come on
U can say that again @LeHamp 
YESSS
Yo Kanye
Where have you been?
Transgender ban
Homophobia
Racism everywhere
Greedy grifters in charge.

Mother, mother
There's too many of you crying
Brother, brother, brother
There's far too many of you dying
You know we've got to find a way
To bring some lovin' here today, yeah
Yeezy might be a Logicrat
Amen Kanye 
#BringYeBack #BringYeezyBack #WhereArtThouKanye #BringBackKanye
I like this Kanye
@NickSmith_92 newsflash @VaticanNews
But @kanyewest you don’t need money, you don’t need fame, you don’t need a credit card to ride this train... that’s the power of love 
He got this far because he worked for it.
In the end we're all people. Should trying to get through this hell
Love is a program.  Search "The Most Powerful Healing In The World" on YT, to temper that.
You speak of love but highly supportive of one so blantly filled with hate. To think, some fools RT’d this shit. Eff that, Im calling out your hypocrisy. Get help. By all accounts, you might very well need it.
. @kanyewest Amen! I get what ur saying & MY opinion is mine & I don’t down folks for theirs & expect SAME TREATMENT myself. Love u

but u support trump-
I had you all wrong man. I’m gonna go out & actually buy one of your albums and listen to it in its entirety just to express my freedom. Any input on which one is the best for people who haven’t heard your music before. Thanks for speaking out. Everyone is unhinged &you proved it
MAGA supporters can
Do you think that Trump agrees with Love? What does he do to show he agrees with it?
How about the love for our planet?

Your bro Trump is deliberately rolling back important regulations and exiting the #ParisAgreement so how can you be ok with that? You are either not in a healthy state of mind or just a big fat provocative hypocrite
amen Ye!!
Love means nothing without action.
https://soundcloud.com/sityxrg/sity-xx-tripxtoxthexsity-maries-interlude-prod-isa-torres …
lmao is this crap supposed to be deep? why would race? religion? politics? argue w/“the power of love”? go take your meds
Triggered
Nothing Trumpndoesnhas anything to do with love.
What is Trumpndoesnhave?
“This is love: not that we loved God, but that he loved us and sent his Son as an atoning sacrifice for our sins.”
1 John 4:10 NIV
“Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth..
1 Corinthians 13:4-8 NIV
.. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will cease; where there are tongues, they will be stilled; where there is knowledge, it will pass away.”
1 Corinthians 13:4-8 NIV
 YOU HIT THE J & FELT THE POWER OF LOVE... I SWEAR I DO TOO
Yo just shut your ass up. You talk about capitalists but you only show up when you’re are looking to market a new album. Now you have two so you’re going to trying to poke at the racist agenda to make your numbers? You’re no good to any group of people. Truly sad. 1/2
You have so much talent and wasted in the wrong breaths of history.
And yet the @GOP tries EVERY day. You are DISGUSTING for supporting #TraitorTrump. Repugnican! And your ‘rap’ SUCKS! #NeverListenToKanye
Love comes from Jesus Christ
the power of love, is a curious thing...
Especially since God is Love!
Meu vai se fude em que mundo voce vive alouuu???
.@KanyeWest
...except Republicans.
At.
Every.
Turn.
Wrong again pal
Love is what we are trying to spread!!!! We are allowed to dislike people LIKE trump. Doesn’t mean we aren’t trying to spread love. We care about others not just ourselves unlike some people... you’re on the wrong side Kanye I’m so disappointed 
#inspiration

I feel the Poooooower of Love.
Your President trys
Yas ye
paul....
The man is dropping the truth. Not my problem if you're a hater. 
Very Orwellian
I don't agree with you on everything, but I can get on board with this!
Name one way Donald Trump has shown this love you speak of?
Have you even noticed the work his administration is doing to end human trafficking. I doubt that is motivated by "hate". Have you seen the employment numbers lately. Many folks of all races are happy about that too. Shall I go on.....?
Jesus said..God is love. "Jesus loves you, this I know; for the Bible tells me so..." Kayne, He loves YOU sooo much!!! "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him shall not perish, but have everlasting life." John 3:16
Don't need money don't need fame to ride with me just need the power of love you see. #1Love
https://youtu.be/-NMph943tsw  that's the power of love! #love
That’s what Celine Dion said. #thepoweroflove

@RealMikeBennett
Ban on the fake
what about hate. It seems you associate yourself with people who hate the color of your skin.
God is love...
Only Christ is true love.
I will be with you always, even until the end of the world. Matthew 28:20. That's love.

Religions separate people more than they unite.
God love ya brother just saying
