I got fired today because i kept taking my phone out to read your tweets. Please hire me.
Well I’m getting a divorce because my locked screen is no longer a picture of my kids.
*trying to come up with something better*
Invest in Bitcoin Kanye.

It’s going to the moon.
Better yet, release your next album independently, with use of Blockchain. Accept bitcoin. Lead us there.
nothing more hip-hop than a platform populated almost entirely by white dudes 
Blockchain? It’s what we make it to be. Crypto? White dudes don’t matter in this. It’s about people. And opportunities
 calling it an open and inclusive platform does not make it an open and inclusive platform 
Elvis fanboy lecturing  on hiphop ... anyway man, twitter is weird
the elvis-fan-theme is a holdover from when I was 14, kind of like your thoughts on crypto
Someone take his phone away!!!
YES! We don’t want him to invest in shelters!
The most annoying person online right mow
There is something called unfollow. Genius.
I don’t follow him, genius
Yet you are here squeaking! Are you LOST? 
No you are
No you are...... what? Spit it out DUNCE
You’ve got quality content. I bet those 4 followers really love your stuff. Can you give me a tweet lesson please? Preferably asap.  K thanks.
Quit yapping moron



I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)
Remember the original DONDA chart

When was the original image published because emoticon autocorrect is actually an important aspect of my life
2012!
when Yeezycoin?
$PABLO
https://www.startengine.com/gab-select 

Bitcoin mining farms built into solar powered brick and mortar community centers, heat from rigs can fuel a greenhouse to grow gardens, solar gives free power, rigs create money for the paid community managers to assist in outreach and service. Chicago based.
What about "food-clothing-shelter-communications"? 

Example: An edible cell phone that simultaneously functions as a hoodie.
my wife left me
Lmao!
how you feel about rates going up?
you should invest in @Everipedia - we are democratizing KNOWLEDGE!
whens the airdrop!?!?!
June 17 dawg!
  
Then invest in @farmshelf we grow food where you live work and eat!

Kanye i haven’t forgotten! let me know when you’re ready  @ProductHunt
Who wants to help @danielrakh build Emoticon Autocorrect for (with?) @kanyewest? 
YeezyCoin wya

Hey Kanye! We want to speak to you about investing in BLU, an American smartphone company, growing everywhere around the world. Let's write history together! #BoldLikeUs #yeezyvc
Y’all hiring?
OMG HIRE MEEEEE @komaljohl @heyyyirum
tweet him your resume
what's your stance on addiction and mental health within the music industry?
How about medical 3d printing? @AdditiveCare
Starting at the base of Maslow's Heirarchy
Aye can you send me some of that VC? I've been getting shit on in MyPark
Any emoji translation jobs going, Yeezy?
Love kanye
@dave_christison 
I’m all in on this. His investment thesis has got to be “creative”.
How about investing in a disruptive video game for peace in Congo? Deadliest struggle for peace since WWII. All are connected via Conflict Electronics. In solidarity, @SocentStudios is creating an interactive solution!
@kanyewest! In working solidarity with Congo's most prominent peace leaders and Western policy leaders, we have an interactive vision for peace, top tier team, and a real strategy to end the deadliest war since WWII we would love to talk with you about. #LOVE!
Invest in young smart minds who want to be involved in the community but need the guidance of wiser adults!
Check out my senior thesis it’s hanging up at my school dude
How does Yeezy VC feel about Bitcoin?
Cc: @FrankDenbow @F_E_Charles
?
Bitcoin!
But can it make me a 99 overall in NBA 2k @TylerIAm
What’s your VC doing?? @NBA2K
Kanye we are a fast growing food (bar with 1 gram of sugar, 90 calories) company and would love to do a meeting with you.
Check out
I need a small kitchen and alkaline foods #nobyproduct
Let me run the Yeezy VC and we’ll help end world hunger in style  PM for resume
Stream Born This Way by Lady Gaga on Spotify
Here are two utility garments to invest in @_adstrip @shirpron
Please contact Alec Painter Capital Management ASAP to further discuss STRATEGIC INVESTMENT
how do we connect?
@kanyewest #tron
kanye that is literally a government
Hi Kanye, I'm a Marine Corps Vet and recent Sustainable Development graduate from Columbia University.

If you're looking to improve lives, I'd love to know how I can help you do that. 

Rooting for you in all you do.
Help LA’s homeless population. Start on Fairfax/Beverly - contrast of Supreme/golf/etc. to homeless shows morality < materialism. I’ll help.
Put yeezys in 2k
LEMME INTERN 
Kanye, I will work for you
Yeezy snacks?
Idk what VC stands for but since they’re my initials I feel like I should be a part of it. Hit me up Ye.
Please give me a pair of your old Yeezy's coz I can't afford them
@Obinho23
Thanks for your constant help for humanity :)
I want to know more -- lets talk about it on FOX Business.
Hi
Let's talk fintech!
Omg be quiet  already 
you hiring?
Kanye: Yeezy condoms 
Everyone:
Kayne just feed the poor and cloth the naked
buy and stream #ntltc

You don’t owe Chicago (your hometown) shit, but it’d be a good look to help invest in, like, yoga after school houses for the kids in Englewood

YEEZY 2024 FUCK TRUMP
Yeezy VC invests in and develops food clothing shelter and communications TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
@White_Manding0 Leave Xiaomi and move to Yeezy network
So are we still talking about decentralizing?
Tell @KidCudi to hire me 

food
Let’s meet.

ye, i got an app. i got federally funded telecommunications companies ringin. i got networking. these are going to change the world, hit an NYC brotha up 
everything i’m involved with is free, equal, and provides that sense of community, it’s no joke out here ye
I want to work for Yeezy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@kanyewest we have a food security solution. Let's talk.
We should talk. I have some ideas.  ——}- Bird
This is dope I can’t stunt
Use punctuation!

Someone changed his Thorazine dosage.

but not commas, apparently.

#HEMP let’s go. I can meet you in Calabasas next Wed.
Get at me.
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Would love to interview
sociopath says what?
Any VC would laugh at this ahaha I would not go to @kanyewest to get funding for my startup. Buy hey, let the man throw his money away!
How about in small business?
#Crypto? #KanyeKoin
Can you invest 2 mil in me so I can live my best life and do all these things you say! Depression and brokeness is all I have, as much as we wanna follow suit Kanye...we struggling just to keep the lights on! 
Love it!
Ye hire me I’ll manage some  got you bro
How bout gyms? IG: EJKBOXINGCLUB
How bout gyms? FB: EJK Boxing & Fitness Club
How bout gyms? http://EJKBOXINGandfitnessclub.com 
Yes.
Awesome 
but he might say something about crypto!

Private sector can take care of the people far better than government. Private is closer to the people, their needs, can make connections and aren't top heavy like the gov't. See the response to Hurricane Harvey and all the people that helped & companies that donated

Communications? Invest in Virtual Reality Arcades..it's the future! JFK won with television, Trump with social media, YEEZY with Virtual Reality!
Kanye check out kijanigrows
Kanye are you interested in blockchain as a decentralized authority to execute smart contracts?
Did you invent your own kool aid? Because you’re clearly drunk off it
Chicago..... why do the guns come from MN, AL?
I've got a decade of PE experience. If you need some one to run the books I'd love to work for Yeezy VC
Contact info?
@kanyewest invest in our technology company! We invented the “Redbox” of cannabis @GreenSTOPinc
I have a real estate company for you to invest in.
I have really good ideas to transform the food industry and groceries. I want to meet with you. When you create a habbit = disruption
How do I contact Yeezy VC to discuss ideas? thanks Ye for being u
How do I get in contact with your VC ? Big housing project changing the way we build and live.
Wow looks like Yeezy VC might compete against North Korea
too late
If I ever become rich, I’m donating half my money to yeezy, that’s how much I believe in the comp’s vision. Hire me 
Dad I’m looking for a job really in need of one. I’m putting this out in the atmosphere. I love you Pops 
Looking for a job 
Let me in — Talent & Ideas 
@MySelfWorth @MySelfWorth @MySelfWorth 
EDUCATION - seems like you invest in everything BUT EDUCATION. I’d love to share my Organic Idea 
Gotta help that food stay clothed, sheltered, and communicating. Y'know
thx kim
Hit us up at @austinvrlab @kanyewest
No you don’t. You’re not ‘VC’ like you’ve been claiming all day like it’s your bet fave word. Just a few years ago you were begging for money. #facts
What about Healthcare? Check out @Point_Motion
Where are the jobs posting? There are a lot of impact investors out there who would love to work with you
@benpasternak
Waiting on the yeezycoin $yzc
Let’s build.
Do you accept bitcoin?
Stop tweeting your wife is embarrassed.
Keep Being Genius
So.....your wife had to tell you to do that????  Nigga???
I'M A CHEF WITH A SPIN ON THE FOOD TRUCK....
Hire me!
@matt42kirby
Get me on that partner track
Y’all need an electrician bruh? Hit me up!

Please do us all a favour and figure out the commas
Let’s Chop it Up!
@addictf__ stop liking his fucking posts
Where them jobs @kanyewest Ye??? 
Asshole music sucks
One yezzy for me please @kanyewest
Imagine low and medium income families having the reach to buy your products Nd most importantly not get bullied anymore
@passthepear is all about positive & open communication!
$yzy coin
Let's connect, Sears is the future
Kanye, I need a pair of tan Yeezy Boosts asap. 
Let me help dad
Now thats important talk!!!
Y’all hiring for a photographer at Yeezy Corp. LETS TALK
The fact that I never knew this pissed me off. Kanye bee  day 1
How do I reach out to YEZZY VC???!!! Been trying to work with you since this day... I asked for your email but you said no... I want to make every interaction at a restaurant and retailer AMAZING!!! @cquarles @jack
How about investing some ear time in this amazing performance by @Tinashe
I know you have thoughts on school. I am a school designer and Ed leader. Let’s collaborate. Build with us.
how do i invest?!?

I want to be a part of this....and oh yea...I love u bro...
5
"And we're calling it.. PRESTIGE WORLDWIDE (WIDE WIDE WIDE)"
black leather gloves

Thought you were millions in debt. How you investing? 
I'm in VC as well let's co-invest sometime.
Wonderful
Got to sell the shoes
And Blockchain 
https://soundcloud.com/miniblazenfh/kylie-and-kendall … 
Wanna invest in some pretty awesome hair color?

We need investors for http://NewYorkCityWired.com  - disruption of tech news, information and entertainment. Keep up the tweets!

Does kanye know about commas?
Ye,  you need commas (,). Love the manager move  I can work in the Calabassas office, or New York or London.  I can be one of 160  12/160 will be my ID .  And I haven't had a boss for 14 years.  Except my clients.  They are the boss #facts #real #jc
I would love to come and work for you!!
Where are your thoughts on #cryptocurrency ?
Please invest in commas so we don't think you invest in edible tents you wear.
How so I apply? This s a company I want to work for!!!
