I’m not tryna wear a parachute
How this post have only 19 RTs after like 2 hours?
Cus we over it. He glazed his own glass ceiling.
Lol no, cuz it doesnt show up on his profile
lol yes it does

Goddamn it is May and she putting on 2 jackets.
Yah! These garbage bags are perfect for 91 degree weather tomorrow. 
Kanye is a good person just like his ancestors who were enslaved. He is being used by the conservatives to be manipulated and enslaved and betrayed again just like at the start of this country.
Your comment was about the media control on people(slaves) TODAY not in the past. The fact that people were illuded to think this was about slavery just for reading the title without even bothering listen to the FULL interview proves EVERYTHING you are saying is true
Mr West how can I Intern for you?
I’m a Student at UC Irvine, and I love photography. Give me the opportunity to utilize my photography skills in a real life scenario. 
You don’t want to do that. @kanyewest is in decline. Trust me. 10 yrs from now. He’ll be @montelljordan
Bro, this is slavery.
https://youtu.be/iLsvH7_EF34 
NOT THIS. 
https://youtu.be/iLsvH7_EF34 
Or this.
https://youtu.be/ZrZZQzyhp7g 
Uncle ruckus
And I'm a white man.
Kanye. Time to open up your mind to change coming your way. Big change. Your music career is in decline. Your apparel line is not transcendent. It’s just a cut above “Homeless American”.. and Kim.. that shit won’t  last another 10 years dude. Get ready to adapt. To difficulty.
Don’t hate on a man for knowing his true worth and power. There is a snare laid up for every one in this life.  Acknowledge the past, don’t blame one single side, forgive, overcome. A full deck has been placed in your hands- pull the right card if you want to win.

Attention world not everything is literal sometimes it’s Metaphorical #GraspTheConcept
You see, brother, the truth ain’t for everyone, but you seem to have figured it out. It takes a full grown man to know “Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, does not differ at all from a slave, though he is master of all” Galatians 4:1 #respect #staythecourse
just feeling sorry for you brother for.. insulting your ancestors....
#IfSlaveryWasAChoice: Harriet Tubman wouldn't have risked her life for your ancestors. So you can make bad music and clothes. 

Why did the #UndergroundRailroad exist #StableGenius?
She's gonna be warm af! 

So is all this performance art for the album? Real life? You should know at some point the two become one. People won't understand.
Really? What is this? How are u supposed to be comfortable with this?
It’s spring....
I think it speaks volumes to an individual's imagined self-importance (and their inability to respect others) when –– with 28+ Million followers –– that person only likes THREE tweets by others. And even then, all THREE of THOSE liked tweets ... are about the individual! #Kanye

That looks dope ye

You should release some more 750 trying to get a pair
Why are you still fat @kanyewest ?
I wish u had different girls not all the same looking ones
My 14 yr old son said "who's Kanye???" I said "nobody honey"
Try this next time....He’s a man, a free-thinker, that wants to help change the world we live in, and probably will eventually get crucified by the ignorant, that hold on to their victim mentality and use slavery as a crutch for entitlement. Preach on Kanye!
haha yes @kanyewest very cool

follow me
This this gonna be at fashion show
Kanye I see it, I see what you see please message me if you can 

@Blurbooo
Fam that looks like a bin bag
#grasp the concept
Me. Kanye you are a revolutionary mind thank you for breaking the mold
I am so Grateful to live in a world where a mind like yours exist
Thank you for making the way for free thought to be socially acceptable you are the tip of the sword
I liked it at first but We knew it was over when they tucked that damn puffer jacket in
love you dad
Bro, this is slavery.
https://youtu.be/iLsvH7_EF34 
NOT THIS. 
https://youtu.be/iLsvH7_EF34 
I came for the memes. Saw slavery photos on every tweet...

The memes are strong here.
sleep you depressed
Should Max Troll give Yeezy the @ they deserve?
There's no real point to this tweet; I just wanted to support your business and buy some shoes, but they are way too expensive. Sorry bro. I will definitely buy the next album. #OvergroundHellRoad
@ForestPumpy
#MAGA
#WakeupAmerica

Get your tinfoil hats and red string, I’ve got a conspiracy theory: @kanyewest is in the middle of a performance art piece and the clues are right in front of us. A thread:
