Don’t think empathetic?  No way..
https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2015/06/16/trump_mexico_not_sending_us_their_best_criminals_drug_dealers_and_rapists_are_crossing_border.html …

Hi, here's the video where Trump says when Mexico sends their people, they aren't their best, "they're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some are good people." Good day.
And he was speaking the truth.  Try coming to Texas and not agreeing with a lot of what he has to say.
I was in Austin 2 weeks ago openly "not agreeing with a lot of what he has to say." I returned to LA unscathed, y'all musta been on break or something.
Austin is in a bubble and doesn't count.  Try Houston or South Texas.
Will do, Houston will be my next stop on the MAGA tour. I even have some libtard friends in Houston to stay with, who (and you won't believe this) don't like Trump and are actually vocal about it LIVING IN HOUSTON!
Did @johnlegend give you the green light to tweet a private conversation to the whole world? Just checking cuz he seemed quite thoughtful & classy in sharing his opinion privately.
John didn’t share an opinion he was forcing his agenda and came across very arrogant. Also if he wasn’t happy with message going on twitter who would of text. So stop your crying
How is asking to consider empathy, policy and repercussions pushing an agenda?
John doesn’t like trumps policy Kanye accepts it John doesn’t like this so messages Kanye to change his mind... forcing his own agenda how hard is this to grasp ???
So I should never share my opinion with my friends ever again? That would just be me forcing my agenda? Hmm interesting argument Ozzy
He wasn’t expressing opinions he’s basically saying his way was right and what Kanye is tweeting is wrong An wil have “serious consequences” I don’t understand why Kanye can’t be left to have his own opinion?
I don’t give a fuck what Kanye thinks or about this conversation to be honest. Don’t really know why I care what some random dude named Ozzy has to say about John Legend. Have a nice day man. Sorry for even engaging in this lame ass discussion
Hahaha have a nice day
Agreed where’s the empathy for us that simply want all Americans to have a better life, why is that considered bad?
But, Carrie, people don’t want to realize that Maga is a movement of love, inclusiveness, and results! They’re so used to the device of usage of identity politics! What tangible results can any community show from Democrats?
The Democrats say over and over again that the GOP is racist and doesn’t care for black people, Hispanic people, gay people etc. But what can they actually show that they have done for those groups? It’s all talk, and no action!
Here’s one thing the Dem’s did - ACA.  Here’s another DACA.  Two things Trump has tried to end.  If MAGA is about love then why is our country so divided?
You're not in a position to see all of the people harmed by the ACA. It's awesome if it helped you and others, but it was fatally flawed - President Obama and the Democrat Party knew it was not sustainable, but they were content to leave a mess that someone else had to clean up.
How do you know what position I’m in?  And that wasn’t the point, I said name something Rep’s did in response to his comments.  The ACA helped minorities and whites.  I know several that benefitted.  There’s always a trade off in policy.
If you knew how much the ACA was harming many Americans, I don't see how you could be in favor of it, but I suppose that was an assumption on my part. You didn't say to name anything Rep's did...
ACA caused my family to lose health care I was pregnant with no insurance for the 1st time of my life and couldn’t afford the 900$ a month deductible for Obamacare! It didn’t help everyone. Happy 4 those it did, but damn
That’s because Donald Trump is the opposite of empathy.
You're obviously a little girl that's too  immature to look up facts for herself, anyone that does any research on Donald Trump knows how good how much good he's done for people..#
That’s not the definition of empathy, nor does your perception of what he’s done prove that Trump feels it. Pretty weak argument to go along with your weak ad hominem.
Have you even looked up the definition ??
Have you? You seem to be considerably more confused about it than I am.
Go away
Girlfriend you commented on my tweet, feel free to leave whenever.
You used too many big words.
How could MAGA possibly make anyone think of empathy?
Brainwashed
So because I don’t agree with you I’m brainwashed?
MAGA is about empathizing with Americans and the shit we have been put through by a government that has left the middle and lower classes behind through outsourcing jobs and illegal immigration etc.  Way more empathy in MAGA than the forced emotionality of the left.
This has to be a robot, that's how ignorant this tweet is 
Y’all throw the Russian not thing around so much and have prob never encountered one, how does a boy even comprehend a random tweet and specifically answer it?
Yeah um I wasn't saying a Russian robot 
Well sorry I get that a lot but Russian or not, I don’t think he’s a bot
like if you support Trump
Like if you hate American politics
Like if you hate politics in general.
Why only 4? Damn
Too far down the thread. People only look at what’s in front of them
Holy crap! You met and have a picture with the goat. I'm so jealous
He’s brilliant
Why would anyone not associate empathy with banning practitioners of an entire religion, dehumanizing black & brown people, separating children from their parents, denying women control of their bodies, trying to prevent trans people from serving in our armed forces?!?
Your bio states you're a writer. Fiction no doubt.
Your handle suggests you are, on some level, NOTHING.  I concur.  @Guinz rules.
How clever of you. Concur all you want.   Nothing she said was based on fact.
banning practitioners of an entire religion (check!) dehumanizing black & brown people (check!), separating children from their parents (check!), denying women control of their bodies (check!), trying to prevent trans people from serving in our armed forces (check!) So...WRONG!
Temporarily banning people from same counties Obama did  Point out Criminals, Human traffickers, and drug traffickers are a problem. Wanting to remove illegal criminals and secure border  Calling out PP for selling aborted baby parts. Abortion still legal
Dropping Gems  on top of Gems  YE has been free ya just mad of how that freedom looks

MAGA is not a delivery system of empathy or reason. It's not a tortilla chip, @kanyewest .
Oh so since someone doesn’t agree with you and support Trump they’re brainwashed? Isn’t that the opposite of what kanye is saying right now. So basically u really don’t believe in free thinking, you’re just here because a blk man said something positive about Trump n it’s a story
That was stupid
Good example of "adulting" people can have a civil exchange of ideas and opinions.
Stay the course Ye. They just want to put you back in your place

Did you really just use MAGA and EMPATHY in the same sentence?
just wondering how you can think of empathy when you see a group of white men holding tiki torches and chanting "jews will not replace us"...
What does this have to do with the MAGA slogan? You're literally talking out of your ass 

There are good ppl on both sides of the political spectrum. Never once has he said KKK are nice ppl or Antifa are nice ppl. Get a grip man and stop reaching
lol, Now you're actually reaching in defense. This was not a political distinction. its simply from a humanity point of view.. this was not a conservative or liberal rally. it was a White Supremacist rally. i'm a conservative but i dont respect someone that cannot denounce wrong.
He’s denounced the KKK numerous times man what U talking about
A reasonable and empathetic man would do that immediately after such an event, not days and at the advise of his staff and pressure from the public..
He has condemned the KKK and David dukes support for years now. But I would be done for that smoke sesh
Um, and why should they? The person in charge of the MAGA movement is not empathetic, at all.
He is, in fact, the complete opposite of empathetic in every way possible.
In your opinion. I imagine if you’ve been unemployed for 10 years and are now able to get a job, or youre struggling to feed your family and you just got another few thousand $ a year, then you might question that statement.
You can thank Obama
 Preach.

Right... But, what about facts and evidence though...? I guess those go out the window when you got a couple of gifs, lmao.
Keep speaking the truth. The truth is like a lion. Turn it loose, it will defend itself!!!
maybe you should use your bromance with Trump to make sure Jerome doesn’t get more time than Brandon.
You’re empathetic? 
Kind of like how when people think of the KKK they don't think of empathy... hmmmm, I wonder why?
The Democratic party was the party of the KKK...look up your history ...
The Democrats who created the KKK of the 1800s are NOW the Republicans of the 20th and 21st century. Look up YOUR history
Senator Byrd (Democratic) was leader of KKK and Hillary' mentor.  They ruled the DEM party for years and went to DEM convention in their white gear. Stop believing what the DEMS want you to.
And also I want to point out that I only compared the KKK to MAGA. It has nothing to do with party affiliation. It has to do with belief systems and actions.
Can you relate to how @Kaepernick7 may feel when he is demonized for expressing himself? Or go back farther to Dixie Chicks even?
@Kaepernick7 wasn't thinking about his teammates when he decided to kneel on team time.  I mean seriously does your boss allow you to protest on company time?
It’s not protest if it’s “allowed” and at the “most comfortable time”-that’s actually the opposite of protest. Protest is supposed to be uncomfortable to spark conversation and change. If he did it at home in his bathroom, it would not affect change. Duh!
Obviously it's not allowed he's NOT in the league...duh!
Im talking about how Trump and his idiot followers squashed "free thinking"and didnt "love their brother" Colin Kaepernic but demonized him despite just "disagreeing" with his methods (because we all are against killing unarmed people right?)
Colin Kaepernick set HIMSELF apart!  He thought it was better to be a political activist NOT a team member.  So now he can sit with his consequences.

Shooting innocent people? You can thank Obama for demonizing the police. 

Can you even name a bad Trump Policy?
I really don’t want to make this a Trump discussion. It will go nowhere fast. Somehow when his name is mentioned, ears close. I apologize for ending my initial comment with “duh” that was uncalled for. Let’s end this discussion by agreeing to disagree. You have a great day/night!
Well at least you are more congenial than Hillary was.  

Thank you, I appreciate & accept your apology.  Yes, adults can agree to disagree but talking trash about our duly elected POTUS and disrespecting the Police who sacrifice their lives daily is toxic.
Yeah, that "Lock her up" chant that still happens at MAGA filled rallies is full of empathy.
Yeah and those tiki carrying Charlottesville's MAGA mob was empathy at its peak...."insert sarcasm"
Can't unsee those crowds of BLM activists yelling "What do we want? Dead cops! When do we want it? Right now!" 

That's cool though right?
Make it up as you go along.
That's because it has nothing to do with empathy. It's about the opposite of empathy.
LMAO Kanye’s entire replies are filled with salty white dudes with blue checks
Why should they. MAGA spews hate
When people have something to hide they fear Trump.
This is one of the worst takes I've ever seen holy SHIT
Please, do elaborate.
You're saying that people who fear a dishonest billionaire with fascist tendencies that is now the most powerful person alive have something to hide?  They have no legitimate fears?
No they are afraid of what he knows about them and they will be prosecuted shortly. He is draining the swamp.BOOM!
Lmao you're not even worth debating 
Neither are you
My argument is "Donald Trump is a megalomaniac with more power than anyone in the world. He will abuse this power." and your argument is "buzzword buzzword buzzword." 

Try again.
Where’s Tupac when you need him 
"I feel when people think of MAGA they don't think of empathy."

Hmmm, that's odd.

Flashback Trump 2016 campaign:

"In the good old days this doesn't happen because they used to treat them very very rough."
Flashback Mar 13, 2016:

Trump to pay legal fees for man who hit a black protester

The guy who came up with MAGA certainly wasn't thinking of empathy. I'll love you forever, man, but come on.
If you want to have a discussion about this, the people that supported MAGA were basically rotting away with no future. Might not be as bad for working class whites as for working class blacks, but black community has a future... Trump communities didnt feel like that.
I'm not saying Trump has the right policies. Kanye didn't say that either. But what Trump represents, at least symbolically, is the desperation for change from the same degrading status quo of government a lot of the country has experienced for the past 3 decades. understand that
dude, forget all the symbols. election season is over, trump is president. people need to ditch the ideas of what trump represents, what he could do bc he’s doing none of it. his main focus is his image, stripping obama era policies just bc it’s obama, and letting GOP run amok
No, because the election of Trump represents a broader shift in American politics away from the establishment. The fundamental change that society needs can only come about if people realize that they don't have to listen to bureaucrats who tell them everything is fine
Trump broke the ceiling on that message. None of the powers that be wanted him in office. You think Hillary would have been much better? What about destabilizing entire countries? There's a slave trade in Libya right now. Thousands of people being sold. Trump didn't do that
sorry my guy, but i believe that america electing a guy who started his campaign by calling mexicans rapists exposed something much uglier in our society. i don’t have to list all the other egregious examples bc i know you’ve seen them. you just want to pretend it didn’t happen
there are many egregious examples. What i am saying is that you don’t have to support Trump himself to understand the feeling behind Trump. it wasn’t racism. It was economic desperation, not having a future. Theres a whole dimension to the Trump thing that people dont see
Empathy
Soros
literally what are you talking about

Dialogue? He thinks you support a white supremacist.
Are you still mad about obama calling you a jackass
KANYE YOU'RE THE BEST
We do. #MAGA relies on empathy.
Empathy for evil isn’t empathy, it’s complicity.  There is a point in time where people are so far gone, that good support of them causes them to grow.  Their growth results in predatory behavior to future victims.  Supporting #MAGA is growing monsters and unleashing them.
Donald Trump also believes himself to be empathetic, but he has note cards to tell him how to do it. #KanyeWest
John Legend is a puppet
Yes but what does that have to do with anything...
How can one not have love for ones own country?
I can’t speak for all but as a Democrat I have mad respect for anyone who loves our country. However, too many people conflating nationalism with racism these days. Not the same thing.
Too many ppl shout racism when there is no signs of racism. Everything is racist nowadays.
Have you ever considered that maybe you’re misunderstanding what constitutes as racism? I’m white and you appear to be too. If PoC say they’re experiencing racism, listen. Believe them. Don’t try to shift the goal posts to “everything is racist,” that’s lazy.
Uhh...

No. Don’t try out your own white guilt onto others
lol at “white guilt.” Yep, that’s it. My overwhelming “white guilt” has forced me into treating people of all races with equal respect, THE HORROR OF IT ALL.
/s
Equality already exists in America.
False.
Dude, seriously!?! Denying Muslims entry into our country cause their religion and place of birth. Doing everything you can to make healthcare premiums go up. Cancelling meals on wheels. Where is the empathy?
You are not correct about any of that.
HIs comment on transgender patriots in the military was that empathy? How dare he tell anyone whether they can serve our country or not. He wasn't willing to serve.
how dare he? He's the President.
I feel like when @kanyewest thinks of 'empathy' he doesn't quite know what it means.
I love hiw white liberals are telling a free thinking black man that he is ignorant. Get back to picking that cotton, amirite?
 that’s quite the connection you made...
The same ppl agreeing w/ you are the same ones that wanted you silenced after the telethon...you, Sir, are NOT the same. Ask the ppl in the Chi! They don’t respect you!
Empathy for a racist affiliation with white supremacy. Empathy for making the rich richer.  Unaffordable housing for the poor. Food boxes  for poor to humiliate them. No healthcare. DACA? WTF ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? That is the Republican Party.
Dude, there's a blindingly obvious reason they don't equate empathy with the MAGA people. It's also blindingly simple: it doesn't exist.
You're irrelevant to anything Kanye.  How about you and the rest of the Kardashians disappear and elevate the consciousness of the rest of us by doing so.  Thanks! 
because the people who wear those hats usually have none
What's fucking empathetic about raising rent on the poor, or destroying our environment, or reducing access to healthcare, or attacking our allies with first-grader insults, or tearing apart families here 40 years?

None of these things impact you because you're rich- his base.
HOW COULD ANYONE THINK OF EMPATHY WHEN M.A.G.A IS FROM THE KKK? USE UR BRAIN!!
You are heavily in need of some major medication. Do you know it was the  Democrats that started the KKK don’t you?
Those Democrats Are The Same Republicans That We Have Now. So Yeah U Are One Of Those Republicans.


"CORE SUPPORTERS DON'T SWITCH"
Gee I wonder why....
#maga has no race it's a revolution for all people. We embrace free speech and are more about personal freedom and respect than anything else. Not a political or racial movement. It's about real freedom.
Kanye: everyone should be allowed to express their thoughts as an individual 

Everyone: yes preach 

Kanye: *supports trump and expressed his thoughts as an individual* 

Everyone: *bashes kanye*
You're right.

We don't think of empathy when we think of MAGA.

Because Trump's MAGA is the opposite of empathy.

It's fear and manipulation.

Wake up, Mr. West.
MAGA
kanye sweeties ,its bc the person who it is based on is incapable of experiencing empathy. i know you are in a fragile state but your focus on love can never out weight trump's hate. l know the idea of love simplifies things in your head but life isn't that simple
Other than John trying to school Kanye on his political stuff, this is called adulting. Move on, love your peeps for who they are, not for their political beliefs. People are more than a Political vessel.
That's because MAGA is about racism, division and repression. It's the opposite of empathy. @johnlegend is a class act, and you're a total garbage person.
Empathy?  Really dude? Did the president you so adore even mention the black lives that were just lost?  You can't be serious....
People should think of empathy when they think of #MAGA 

It's the thought police of the Left & their #FakeNews #MSM loyal servants who try to lie to you, and assassinate character. People see through the propaganda.

#Trump2020
Ya..bc he said nazis were good people.....just one example  why no one thinks of MAGA as empathetic
When ever did he say that?
“There were good people on both sides” ...
How do you deduct 'all Nazi's are good people' from the fact Trump said there were good people amongst the protesters on both sides? It simply baffles me.
He was speaking about the riots/fights, I took it as saying not everyone was fighting on both sides i.e. 'good people'.
Go back and look at the post conference.. you interpreted it completely wrong.          “Not everyone was fighting on both sides” huh? That makes no sense. He 100% was NOT talking about bystanders. He was talking about the nazis and the people trying to stop their protest
No we do .but you are just beginning to feel the hate we have felt from day one . We are called racists, homophobes and everything under the sun . We are willing to listen but we would like it to work both ways . Use your platform to have JL and others listen also
Truth.........As a child, I found heroes in books:  Sitting Bull,  Harriet Tubman, Abraham Lincoln, Corrie Tenboom (holocaust survivor), Jesus Christ.  Somehow, I am now considered a racist by certain masses.  Folks are painting with wide brushes.
cool but,,, you do understand that by supporting and endorsing someone who is all those things, you are enabling the existence of these things and are unbothered by them? in a way, complying to them and being in support of them :) silence is a way of taking the side of oppression
John Legend and especially his wife are a disgraceful example of disrespect to a President of the United States of America. Both are blocked. Neither will ever have my support in any way, shape or form.
disagreeing with Donald doesn’t equate to disrespect lol
It's very telling of your character when you call THAT "disagreeing".
It's the same as the hate-driven violent Left interpreting "free speech" to mean the right to physically assault people. 
And it's "President Trump" to you.
#HesStillYourPresident.
Cause Trump don't care about minorities come on YE
FAKE NEWS FOH
Then why is black unemployment, at its lowest rate ever. That must just piss him off, right?
"I feel when people think of MAGA they don't think of empathy" can be read two ways. 

1. As in "I think people don't think of MAGA and empathy."

2. Kanye said he's empathetic. So he means that he understands, he feels it, that people don't think of MAGA and empathy together.
I think it's more likely 1 but I want to believe it's 2
Where's the empathy for our Citizens in Puerto Rico? #PuertoRico
They don't think of MAGA as empathetic because they are misinformed by the MSM. MAGA has no skin color. It's empathetic to Americans of all races and backgrounds.

Because the platform is built on the exact opposite of empathy?
63 million+ Americans are part of MAGA. That's lies from the mainstream media that portrays us that way.
Umm thats pretty much all you need to be a trumptard is a lack of empathy. That tells me you don't care about anyone but yourself now. You pretend to love your fans but in reality you could care less as long as they're buying your shit.
Sad that JL can't specify what exactly what Trump policy is actually detrimental. Black employment , home ownership, etc all better than Obama. Keep educating!
The telethon:
Right b/c it’s true. And now you can be associated with MAGA. So win-win...for you I guess??? 
Man stfu. Don’t try and make Trump and MAGA into something they’re not. He preaches hate, not love no matter how your out of touch ass tries to spin it. You’re not a “free thinker” you’re just ignorant
People forgot that America used to have one heck of a space program. The consequence of this is all the affordable (common public) technology we are consuming today. But somehow the Dems managed to program the left into thinking MAGA is racist, doing so to lock in the black vote.
Maybe because the entire philosophy of MAGA requires shutting out dissent, looking out only for yourself, and isolating yourself from all others. Come back to the light, Kanye.
He is having secretary write his tweets; he no have ability to use words or spell them that he doesn’t know... sheeshhh!
Claiming that you are very empathic is like claiming you are very humble. It's not for you to say. Does anyone who knows you, who doesn't work for you or otherwise share moneywith you, think that you are empathetic? If so, why are they so quiet about it?
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
Before you block me just know that I’d curb stomp you and your chin into the fucking afterlife
Maybe MAGA should work on their empathetic messaging and policy making, because if it exists, it's never been shown.
Nigga duh! Trump has no heart towards any of our people and yet u think there's kindness somewhere down deep. U sound like someone refusing to leave their toxic partner because "they aren't always like this"
Maybe Trump doesn't look at color but instead, talent.
What's this supposed to prove? This is LITERALLY what I just covered lmao. One gesture & all of sudden u forget the thousands of bad ones .
30 YEARS! But just one gesture, right?
I'm sorry, are those black kids in your header? And u know how Trump feels about minorities & u support him still? Poor babies 
Yes, I just posted several items as evidence to support how I believe Trump feels about minorities & I still support him. All you've done is sound like an emotional child.
As far as my children are concerned, with Trump's policies, it seems less likely they will be "poor babies".
But in your fellow people/pres's eyes your children are a target! & that's a shame that as a white man w black kids you didn't do your research so that u could educate your BLACK SONS on how they will experience all types of biases that YOU won't & that YOU will never understand
1/I don't believe your views on our president. His actions and policies do not support it. You’re doomed to fail if you believe "institutional racism" is your biggest obstacle to success. Way too many first generation minorities succeeding in our universities for that to be true.
Delete your account
Look how the Left treats those who merely "disagree"..... NOW imagine Them RUNNING THE COUNTRY???? S M H 
Because MAGA was created by an empathy-free billionaire whose family racially discriminated against black renters, who frequently abandoned bills he owed, who played on people's racism/anti-Semitism/homophobia, who hates trans people, who conspired with Russia. That's why.


#MAGA people come from all races, creeds, religions & economic backgrounds who love their country & want to unite to make it better for all. Love your bravery @kanyewest for #KAG
Shut up with you 3k rts u done blew it
LMAO chill on our kings
No shit, you support someone who once said “look at my African American over there”. He’s so fucking weird and culturally unaware
That's because people with #MAGA in their bios are generally more content to troll people then to have discussions and be empathetic. MAGA killed empathy, but we're supposed to be understanding? Please 

You need to go back into treatment dude. It’s glaringly obvious why you’ve made this cosmic shift and it’s not because life has been going nice-n-steady..
Because there is none!
What Trump policy that's hurts the black community is John Legend talking about??
That's a reason for thinking like that.

It had nothing to do with empathy, and had everything to do with lies, broken promises, corruption, xenophobia, racism, white nationalist sympathizing shitbags, narcissism, economic despair for all but the upper class, etc.

Take a look at the haters making comments under Kanye’s tweets. What a collection of low-IQ individuals.
Your absolutely 10000% right.. there’s nothing empathetic about Making America Great Again fam.. trump lead with that slogan and then promised to build a wall and signed an executive order to keep Muslims out the country. MAGA means the end of minorities to him and his supporters
Yep, MAGA has a branding issue for sure
It’s hard to associate MAGA with empathy when the man pushing the agenda is a racist bigot. I want MAGA just not his MAGA. His MAGA is from the 1950’s
#MAGA Dragon Energy.
I hope your daughters aren’t ever subjected to the kind of behavior Trump has displayed on multiple occasions. They are going to grow up to see their father supported a sexual assaulter.
I really appreciate this dialogue with John Legend because I'm actually very empathetic. Im still the kid from the telethon. I  feel when people think of MAGA they don't think of empathy. TYPE BEAT
Keeping people "down" and "silenced" is NOT empathy.
Right! The narrative is that we lack empathy, which of course is the FURTHEST thing from the truth. We want low taxes and small government to empower individuals, school choice to empower parents, and a Second Amendment to empower the vulnerable. That ALL comes from empathy.
I can't imagine why they might not think of empathy.
There's no empathy from the MAGA crowd for young men and women with DACA staus, for refugees, for black people shot and killed by cops, for people killed by white supremicists. Or for people who want their kids to grow up in a world with clean air and water.
I stand with Kanye West ! Knowledge is a powerful thing .No one will silence me.
I think it would be nice of you to write a song about “Get your labels off of me”.  The Human Genome Project DEBUNKED THE MYTH OF RACE DURING THE OBAMA ERA. 
None of us, should have to keep dealing with the constant stream of labels and attacks!
Rule 12 is being used to often. I deal with it on a daily basis. People’s “better angels” have been replaced by their angry inner demons. Nothing good can come of it! 
I am grateful for your courage @kanyewest!! We need more righteous voices!
Can you name several examples of Trump showing empathy?
You're right. We don't think of empathy, because pride in a lack of empathy defines MAGA. There's a difference btwn being open-minded writ large and being open-minded to bigotry, racism, xenophobia, and scapegoating minorities.
*taps tea cup*

Donald Trump hates black people!
Why not support @realDonaldTrump, he is  putting Black people back to work, Lowering taxes so I can continue paying my Mortgage, If   @johnlegend will pay my Mortgage I'm out! #Not #GetOffThatPlantation John
Blocking migrants escaping war isn't empathy.  Hey Kanye kill yourself.   That's empathy for the rest of the world.
I think that true MAGAer's do believe in  and have empathy.

LOLOL!
"Empathy"
That's too bad because I think we have tremendous empathy
Empathy? How was taking my Medicaid away while I have suffered with fibromyalgia / Elher-Danlos Syndrome for 18  years #MAGA ? Tell me? You feel great? Trump feel great? Suffer the weakest of American so the 1% can feel great!!! FUCK.
My 15 year old son has type 1 diabetes. Every damn day he worries we will loose his madicaid too! He will die with out it! Still feeling great?!?
Jesus. So out of touch. #NoEmpathy
Duh....dumbass.


Kanye you have Balls!!!!! (u a hero)
MAGA is for ALL Americans! #LoveandMAGA
John Legend is a bully. Spewing propaganda. If you don’t bow down and join the sheep  John boy does what he does best, intimidation tactics. Won’t work. We are smarter that you think we are, WE CAN THINK FOR OURSELVES, JOHN LEGEND
“Make America White Again,” the subtext to his message, appealing to those that pine for a return to the days when discriminatory laws, openly bigoted politics, racial violence, and a culture of hate and cruelty were tolerated when directed at people of color.”
Hey Kanye, how much empathy do you think the MAGA types have for children being separated from their parents because of Trump's immigration policies?  How much empathy by portraying poor black people as malingers?  By claiming that there were "very fine people" among Nazis?
Wise words kanye, wise words
you're right, how can we when our president has never showed any himself
If that's the case, then it is up to ALL OF US to change that dialogue & that way of thinking...the real challenge is trying to break through the wall, there's irony for you, that the Left has built around themselves. Completely close-minded & stubborn.
you haven't been the kid from the telethon for a while now my man
#MAGA is directly related to hate in he minds of the imprisoned. The media and hollywood push this narrative. You can love and still want America to be great. Let’s have a dialog about how.
@J_sonMurray WHAT IS GOING ON MY MAN

Now!!! #ReleaseTheTexts #NoRedactions #SetTheStage @realDonaldTrump
#ReleaseTheTexts #NoRedactions #SetTheStage @realDonaldTrump 
Trump is the least empathetic politician in modern American history. Wtf are you talking about?
He lost me on his Trump shit. Even Kim said she can't agree with it whatsoever. Like WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK, KANYE.
You went on live television and called out George W Bush for not caring about black people because of the response to Katrina, but side with someone who won't help Puerto Rico in the same situation. I really do miss the old Kanye.
It was the Puerto Rican government that held up 90% of the help sent their way.
No it wasn't
Something about the "stay out of our country" vibe most of them emit, maybe? Or the "fine people on both sides even when one side are white supremacist" feeling? Those things don't evoke visions of empathy. I've listened to the MAGA crowd. I heard a distinct lack of empathy.
That’s because MAGATs are incapable of empathy unless it effects themselves or someone close to them and of the same race and religion. You’ve aligned yourselves w/ bigots and greed. Hope it’s worth it.
Why are people so hostile to Trump supporters? MAGA is nothing but positive.
@KimKardashian will you please take his phone away? he's far too manic to be near electronics.
Please get help
Pls look up the word empathy tho. Try again
You were a man on that telethon. Over the years you regressed into a boy without sense
@kanyewest so proud of you. @johnlegend needs 2 rethink his comments because sooo many conservatives buy his music. He  needs to be kind and realize that liberals are not the ones buying his music. I used to like John.,now i am upset and disgusted with his comments. Kanye!
Did you forget to take your meds this week?
Donald Trump (and many of his fans) cannot comprehend empathy. That’s exactly why he/they try to make people with brown skin “scary” by calling them rapists & terrorist, and uses illegal immigrants as a scapegoat. Some fans thought you were better than this...guess not.
Because MAGA comes from the KKK you mouth breather. 

https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/america-first-ku-klux-klan-slogan/ …
Kayne, ask Legend what Obama did for black people? I'll be over here waiting ..............
I really appreciate this dialogue with John Legend because I'm actually very empathetic. Im still the kid from the telethon. I  feel when people think of MAGA they don't think of empathy. TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Love Kanye. I support you for think independently. The Democratic Party continues to practice the supremacy/separatism like throughout history.
Empathy?
