Eminem is great, you are mediocre at best.
The white guy from D12 just celebrated 10 years of sobriety and 10 years since his last good album.

The real slim shady stood up and nobody likes him anymore.
Trump is putting everybody back to work.
I’m just going to leav this here!
I disagree with that statement. You can't be enslaved one's ego. It's called knowing one's self worth and not letting anyone take your worth away from you. Ego has nothing to do with it.
Respectfully disagree.. Actually EGO does... Good day
I honestly didn’t know people followed Kanye to troll him until now...wowza. Don’t worry for every single one of the Debby downers
I'm going to show Kanye love and his enemies get some too. Pray for both
Sometimes you pay the price..Most people with incredible intelligence are not figured out until death.
Why would you say that...?
@timi_training because it's true... Even when money is concerned the dead makes more..and everyone loves you then..lol..
True
Poor you
Play Danny Boy for his career Irish
You're not misunderstood. Most people understand exactly what you are.
I'm misunderstood and I'm still not great just frustrated. lol
well... are you of the genius  stratum? Lol
Almost, but still working on it. lol

Truly you are not the great man you once were
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Unfortunately, you're being understood perfectly.
HATERS GONNA HATE KEEP MAKING MAGIC YE 
No, 2b great, is to lift others beyond themselves. Self-absorption to the point of abstraction and misunderstanding is not greatness, it is merely narcissism.
He who mounts the tiger will not descend the tiger!
@FolesFootlong pls confirm @dougiep2018
Smh people forget that
Ye @kanyewest for President 2022 @HouseGOP #MAGA #Success #
You're not great.
Yes, and one must stand strong through the fire...on the other side is gold.
Everyone is misunderstood. What makes you think you’re so special?
He gets to be best buddies with the despot in the White House.  Now THAT’s special.  But not in a good way.
@MindofZubin that’s is so true man 
What drivel.
People think "stupidity" falls in this category........it doesn't!
Lol this is a #kanyetantrum 2 the fullest. Dude just need to stop being a damn baby all the damn time. Sheesh. Who cares if you're misunderstood. Who cares if u think u r a genius. So is everyone else. Who cares if u are trippin. Everyone trips. Grow up an stop the  antics.
Not misunderstood. Attacked. Look at jay z and lebron. Wasting all their power serving such disingenuous hucksters. @RealCandaceO @POTUS
What has the @dnc delivered w their "food group" political hackery? @POTUS wants to create environment for ALL Americans to prosper. #maga
Greatness is unaware of it self. That's your problem.
Trust me. You definitely are NOT misunderstood. 
That's so funny and true.
Except YOU'RE not great, you're in need of psychological help.
I understand you. you aint great.
Define, 'Greatness'.
No one misunderstood anything.  Maybe you just didn't express yourself clearly enough.
What do you think about Trump's handling of the mass murder of minorities? I want to see this intelligence you brag about...Explain how you haven't slammed your boyfriend @realDonaldTrump for not speaking out on hate crimes against minorities. #RacistWaffleHouseShooting
And you are neither.
Shut up
yeah, I missed a lot smh
Yeaaa... Ye wildin
Ralph Waldo Emerson

This is my tattoo btw
Kanye is cancelled
Not my fault he used an Emerson quote!
Then i must be doing something right
Love u bro
To be human is to ... I understand u
Or stolen. To be great in your case is to be stolen if isnt obvious to the rest of the world that sum going on here. PEOPLE HE HAS KANYE AS A CARTOON PETRIFIED IN A SUNKEN PLACE. In my opinion of course #Staywoke
I honestly misunderstand how people enjoy your music.
Maybe. But being misunderstood, does not make you great.
I don't know about that but mad props to you Kanye for NOT being afraid to tell the truth. You have a responsibility to the black community like Lincoln to free them from the democrat slave plantation! God bless your family and stay strong! We got your back ! MAGA!
Only real niggas understand that
Being confused and being elusive for the sake of confusion is not misunderstood. It is a sales ploy.
Simplicity. HAS birth a lot lot lot of MEDIOCRITY.
Love you Kanye!!! 
This describes you better you Boyz II Men reject.

Emerson!
To be human* is to be misunderstood.
Obviously not talking about yourself
You ain’t so great.
Why do you want to be misunderstood?  How do YOU think it helps?
I dont understand what you mean?
It’s called Trump’s Syndrome 
https://youtu.be/Rd2CdWdtVSU  
Which would you rather be? Over payed or under rated?
What is it to be overrated and egotistical?
Kanye,  your breaking people out of their mental prisons! keep it up sir, it's time for a culture change!
To be misunderstood is great
Hmmmmm!!??
But are you a different animal, and the same beast?
Can you also provide insight on being delusional?
To be misunderstood is to be misunderstood ,great is just an adjective that can be applied to anything for an example , this is a great waste of talent
You would know all about that Kanye you fucken twat waffle!
What do you mean?
You’ve been reading huh.
There’s a lot more fans.
Yeeeesss
I’ma add narcissistic personality disorder too, lol
Dont let the haters get to you. They follow not their minds but the minds of people that makes a living off holding them down. Maybe your views will inspire some.
You should study @ThomasSowell
YOU HAVE SHOWN YOUR GREATNESS BY NOT BEING MIND CONTROLLED BY ANY GROUP, WE DON’T NEED ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, WE HAVE THE DEM/LIBERALS WHO GROUP THINK TO THE DETRIMENT OF OUR NATION.
True, and you are great, like Confucious said, when you understand others that misunderstanding you
Don’t call greatness stupidity. You say and do a lot of stupid things
but it's frustrating when you trying to save a few souls
http://Riqdiddy.com  I will sign to G.O.O.D.
And to be mediocre is to be Kanye.
i mean.. you made some real good music but
I’m just AHGAST
@xx_kaylaaa

Sorry Shane I just though of that song by Common - Misunderstood. Very good tune
How about you focus on your wife and stop her getting naked all the time. Nothing left to imagination! And shame for kids!
Damn, you are so disconnected from reality now it is just sad to observe.
Your egotism is now several times greater than whatever talent you might have left.
I'm sure you believe that Russians hacked the election... and have the gall to say Kanye is disconnected from reality. #MAGA2020
So you don't know the Russians hacked the election?
That Trump is a slimeball who has been laundering money for RU mob for years?
Well, bless your heart.
And yeah, Kanye is a GD moron in terms of politics who isn't even lightly tethered to reality now.
ganyan kasi dapat kaya di nila tayo naiintindihan @patriciaortiiiz
Ambigat bigat hahaha gusto ko nalang din maging abo hahahaha
gago HAHAHAHAH
There is so much truth in this, Genius cant explain its geniusness to someone that is incapable of comprehending its superior knowledge.  #truth #dunningkruger
If a "Genius" cannot explain themselves to a layman or put their talent into practical action, then what good can be gleaned from its fruit?
Misinterpreted. This should, once again, help you with that science, but dropped w different logic flow. Someone who is gifted, tries to relay a thought about some proficiency, but cant formulate it simplisticly b/c the msg embodies their proficient knowledge which you dont have.
You are not great, you are very transparent. We all know why you now support Trump, for the attention. And nothing more. How you like them fish dicks Kanye
So wrong. All y'all haters just mad
I can't get mad at the truth. That's just stupid and I have a 143IQ
...or "misquoted" (deliberately) ?
.. only Kayne, knows wtf he's doing.
#prozac
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT!  
You know what....your mental wave 
Interesting. What's your excuse for being misunderstood, then?
I hope you know what you're doing.
And to be successful makes you misunderstood and despised. Fight the fight KW
That's BS
#MOREFACTS
Greatness can't be explained. Minds are too limited
-- Ralph Waldo Emerson

... and P!NK...


Emerson is one of my favorite free thinkers...
God is coming for you sick draconian sons of bitches
You’re corny
Big lie. This is just a Feud of word.
that depends on who’s doing the misunderstanding
truly only those are great who step on a soapbox on twitter. smh at these comments
Unfortunately you’re understood but disliked.
Sira na ulo mo...tado
It’s great
Bruh the extent of fact in this can’t be fathomed by most @kanyewest
Great? Seriously? I guess all narcissists think the same 
Oh no sireee bob - you are understood clearly!

You’re not deep but great quote
If you're going to quote from Ralph Waldo Emerson's 1841 essay "Self-Reliance," you must fully grasp the transcendentalism philosophy he was peddling. Rugged individualism was a privilege of white liberal elites, not the black people in bondage at the time this essay was crafted.
Said one narcissist to another.
You are seriously one hilarious dude Kanye!!!  What a funny, deluded f*ckwit you really are!!! 
there are boundaries you don't cross
Soooooooooo, Make America MISUNDERSTOOD .."again"  ??
 OOOOOooooo! GAME CHANGER !
(eye roll) 
@kanyewest ....you are showing obvious manic symptoms and it is not pretty. 
Please turn off your phone and get the hell away from the internet, young man.
Not understanding and being misunderstood aren’t the same thing
Gotta be a dragon!!!!
Hard man to understand.... But I love you.
Not always,sometimes you are just wrong and cant accept it
Calling yourself great does not make you great or misunderstood. We understand you perfectly fine.
Celebrity will always have sheep to give them inflated egos. If you're telling the world your great it's just oversized ego. Truly Great people dont have to tell others they're great.
Trump isn’t good let alone great.  Was given his first million by his racist white surpremacist father that was in construction and owned apartments he wouldn’t let minorities live in. True chip off the ole block.
Ehh??
You need common sense to navigate through the political landmine but unfortunately money can't buy it
#fakenews  any idiot can be misunderstood.  being truly subtle requires a maturity of thought that is rare. better to be great like a blade of grass that survives the storm than to be a large tree that is uprooted. that storm is the consequence of egotistical thoughts & actions
what?.........EXACTLY ;)
That statement has been around for a very long time
You're not misunderstood. Nor great.
So Make America Misunderstood Again ?
Lol
True, but to be even greater is to help others understand.

I feel you there
@kanyewest UNDERSTOOD and Misunderstood is why you’re TOTALLY GREAT! Keep up the great work! They’ll catch up soon!
Just you are stubid
......believe me.....we get it.....
Or is it....NO ONE CARES!!!!
You’re not that great. You are ok. Musically ok. But you want to tie yourself to trump? A white supremacist. That means Good bye.
Puppet
Not always and not in every way. Be wary of absolutes
Not disputing that most "great" ideas start off being misunderstood but it doesn't work the other way just because your misunderstood doesn't mean your great
Dude you should pay a visit in kanye !!!
U r trashing ur family name....u too old for this knw ur responsibilities as a Dad,husband n what not.
What did he do besides support our president?
U mk me sick bt as u said I hv d right to my opinion I think u going tru d worst in ur remaining 2years tops....
@kanye please share this 
https://www.gofundme.com/wu08g 
KW is a badass
but you are not misunderstood..............who you are and what you are doing is not new
Were you in special ed?
Like how some ppl misunderstand that cosmetic surgery is necessary then.....
My hat is off to you! You may have lost some supporters, but you will gain many more. Dialogue is everything. “Hate will destroy the hater”. (MLK). Maybe you can help with racial tensions today. 
"[Something something] than to open your mouth and remove all doubt." #cliche

Damn, @Highly_Suspect cancelled too 



To be misunderstood, means; your not with the program!
Kasa saa  na ay3 gyimi3
I understand completely
Not exactly..... but if it makes for a good lyric on one of your tracks then I suppose you may proceed
You cocked up and now you're pretending it was by design.
Got it tatted on my body!
KANYE RUN FOR PRESIDENT YOU WILL WIN
Sweet mother divine.... I can’t take this...

to think that you're great for only being misunderstood is something a dumb person would say. good thing you're also a great musician.
We understand you 
Yeah, I don't think so. People understood Washington, Lincoln, Kennedy, Martin Luther King, Maya Angelou and many others just fine.
I cant agree less brosky!
So I gather you two have read Emerson’s “Self-Reliance.” In his essay he warns against a “foolish consistency,” calling it “ The hobgoblin of little minds.” No little minds here!
This
Viu, miga, é por isso que eu to sempre cansada e não consigo conversar com os outros, só porque sou ótima!
Tbm miga. Não aguento mais ser tão ótima.
Love this
How would you know? Get your meds right
nope.

more like: "to be ignorant and manic is to be great in my own head"

SMDH #GetOut #SunkenPlace #FreeKanye #FuckTrump
Bro, you strait up earned my respect back. Your one of the greats and DGAF what people think thats hard to do.
I agree
That's a truth, for sure.
THANK YOU
Where is his family?  This man needs medical treatment immediately!
What do you mean?
This coming from the same guy who accused the last republican president of hating black people.
You must be fecking amazing then....
Your not great tho..
Decpacito is epic
https://youtu.be/ykVwmYAUzEg  FREE CARTER V !
FREE KANYE !
FREE MEEK MILL!
But to be misunderstood, is not, necessarily, to be great.
