like if kanye is the best artist of all time
Like if he isn’t
said the person with an ariana grande pfp
Ariana doesn’t support trump and is for equality for all... Kanye can’t relate
Licking donuts >>>> supporting trump
Didn’t she say she hates America?
Yeah that statement was ahead of its time, cause sis isn’t wrong
We don’t care, we just want iCarly in Brazil
I don't get why these brazil tweets are so funny but they just are
Brazilian are the best meme makers
Ok nah
It's not a opinion. It's a fact.

send me these
Saint is baby ye
I ain't worried about him


Let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN for the children!
Keep doing what you're doing, Kanye!!!
Me after reading you all day
Unwavy

underrated tweet 
*sees Ye's MAGA tweets*
"I can't believe you've done this."

#damageControl lol cute pic time
Why does this dog hate being a Kardashian so much?
the kardashians are the wests now mang
The Kardashians are a brand, and that’ll never change
Uncropped screenshot again, I'm actually crying
Your kids are the cutest kids I’ll ever see



he’s so cute
calling cps! enjoy them while you can!
???
The man posts a picture of his son and u fuckin weirdos post the most lame shit... Smh

Я утром, примерно так жизнь ведёт меня на поводке на работу:
Hey Saint  & Saint’s puppy 

me hero.
don't forget this feller
your right.
Baby Ye!
hes sooo fucking cutee
He is!!
you not my hero
trump wouldn’t support your hero. in fact he hates him
Listen to New Day - Kanye West ft. Jay-Z
no thanks
stan Kim Lip
Does she do porn?
maybe
KANYE IS NEO HE'S RED PILLED AS FUCK#MAGA
The left is having a meltdown thinking Kanye is having a meltdown genius

Haha he’s adorable! Anyways whats going on man i think i left my juul in ur car last week
Man there is some weird shit on this feed...

QUE COISA FOFA,nunca tinha visto o cabelo dele sem trança @thaligsantos
eu também  como tá grande genteee
mano eu me sinto velha quando vejo essas crianças grandes hj em dia que eu acompanhei quando era feto kkkkkkkk
aaaaaa muito eu, não consigo nem adimitir que elas já tão andando
OLHA O TÊNIS DESSE SERHUMANINHO
meu rim deve ser mais barato
Olha que ele é 200.000 no mercado negro em
pra vc ver kakakakakjka
Cutie.
Poor kid .
hit em with the bitcoin tweet Kanye...

Is that your baby boy Saint? Que lindo! 
@Jasmin_Baniadam omg 
yes i agree that dog is amazing
LEAVE HIM ALONE
GET A JOB
He is too fresh!!
Wholesome
lmaooo
Me and vanilla
@giovanna_miki olha esse lulu não tem fucinho KKKKKKKK
MEU DEUS GAHAHAHAH
@eileen_kraemer Ton chien préférée
ahhh non 
@elisamarieexo your fav child 
I seriously love him stop 
Kanye trying to get the 10 million followers back...
Go Joh!!!!
@LaurenKTJones cutest kid
That dog looks pissed off though
Wow he really is baby ye 
America loves you Kanye

V E LH O

In Miami, everything is hot...except that song! why you wearing latex gloves, beating it and driving is illegal in all 50 states!
U look like Dave Hester from storage wars lol 
You mad bro?
Naw all love I’m happy u watched it I embrace both aspects of this life
That hair doo looks like Samuel L Jackson in Pulp Fiction
REALLY, REALLY, REALLY CUTEYou and your wife make beautiful babies

#Blessings
beautiful boy. please stay strong in your position Ye. if you recant then there is no illuminati mk ultra conspiracy...that shit is real. stand strong as you are my brother. #chicagoborn #isrusa #blacksfortrump #kanyewest @TPUSA @charliekirk11 @DiamondandSilk @KatrinaPierson 
Cmon bro get your kid a cooler dog
What a cute kid

Omg his outfit!! Literally looks like a mini @kanyewest except he has long hair 
god
http://time.com/5253525/james-shaw-jr-waffle-house-hero/ …  THIS is a hero  #BoycottKanyeWest
me herro

He’s adorable!
Sainty boo 
He’s SUCH a doll Kanye!!!
WHATEVER U THINK ABOUT KANYE HE ENTERTAINING AS SHIT NGL
Ye dawg I really need to know how can I get a size 7k in wave runners
My nephew Saint.
*My

wow can i have
@ClionaNicD that’s a cool kid
‘Me hero’ since when is Ye from Crumlim
Never heard of Crumlim before

Precious! 
So Kanye is a pirate now?okay
kan yay do you know how to crop
He is too cute and adorable 
North looks JUST LIKE KANYE (&Donda) & Sainty looks JUST LIKE KIM
Baby Ye 
A DOR A BLE 

@hayleyfj can’t deal
Your children are beautiful

This baby deserves better parents.
@itspcarr omg is this saint
Too cute!!!!!
Why don’t you get a real dog instead of some over breeded puppy mill dog
Cute!
the cutest 
SAINT!
he’s so cute
Seezy
u gotta learn how to crop
Really don't think you should put your children in this. When future pieces will be written about this debacle, it's gonna suck that they'll be footnotes in the write up.
He’s so cute 
Is that sushi? 
Beautiful little man
awww
so cute 
He's looking at something all serious.
Sainty is the best
Beautiful!

Cutie!
needs to trade that dog out for a lawnmower with a pair of shorts like that.. yikes.
He’s a cutie!!

Nice pupper.
How fast they grow

In an Irish accent?
Looks like his mama.  #MotherOfDragons @KimKardashian
friend I will teach you to crop photos if you like
This is a screenshot of a screenshot of a screenshot
@xo_Neli
Cute dog
Inb4 sperging Kanye "fans".

If y'all were fans you would respect Kanye's opinions , everything he's been saying is true people don't respect people for themselves only where they fall on the political spectrum.

You do you Kanye. 
Gorgeous 
cute Lil thing.. The dog and   ..The boy
Awh your lil twin 
Precious 
Need the infant 700s!!!
he’s so cute
grown up so fast :')
Saint looks so much like you so cutee
Swag God Jr
That’s a good dog, Kanye.
The kid or the dog? 
He looks like the mini version of xxx
U found out how to screen shot
Let saint downn
Me
Saint is Baby Ye I ain’t worried bout him
Finally a cute tweet
Damn u got us back loving you
Yes king
the only legend, u can’t relate
Free Tay K
Dad
BTS3 is coming! Stream Love Yourself: Tear on May 18th!
Swag
@aadamchick ve esta pinche cosa hermosa
The dog ???
Of course!
@poppykatarat omg 
@nataliee823 
Supporting Trump has affected your spelling abilities
He looks like Bruno Mars lol
Now Trump is your hero unfortunately..!
His children are racially ambiguous & can pass for everything except for white, even pass for mexicans & therefore subject to the same racial abuse, discriminationatory laws his “so called” president supports and the same people he wants to ostrasize and build a wall against
they have 3 kids... North , Saint, and Chicago
@juliapmaia vai dizer q n eh estilo
tudo bem o pé de uma criança ficar gordinho, agora isso em adulto fica horrível, parecendo uma pantufa
cala boca porra
cala você
tênis horrível da porra
desculpa mas eu nao posso ver isso e ficar calado 

respeita o tenis porra olha q coisa mais linda
coisa mais linda????? vocês não estão vendo o mesmo tênis que eu, não é possível
Mano, esse tenis é bonito pra caralho, o problema é que ele não fica bonito em todo mundo. Poucas pessoas conseguem usar
até hoje não achei nenhuma pessoa que fique bonito com ele
Growing
@JamieleeFawcett
Ton héritier
What a cutie kaboodie 
Saint is so cute!
What a cutie!
Too cute God Bless
What
it's his kid
Is this Saint?
when he learns how to read and understands what you're doing, he won't look at you as a hero. He will view you as just another Uncle Tom, obsessed with money, begging white supremacists to love you. that's your legacy. Congrats sir.
Why does this dog looked so pissed
An artist in the making ??

What a Cutie!
He safe the world
So cute 
voila
Ur mother in-law
What a cute little boy :)
Beautiful child.
Does he support trump also?

He's a cutie but kids need parents who are mentally stable, so please get the help you need before it's too late.

You're CANCELLED but your family is still BEAUTIFUL.
Sainti
is no one going to comment on how cute Saint is?!?! OMG
Too cute
Adorable
OmG so cute!!! And I WANT THAT DOG!
OH MY GOSH! You can post this all day and bring a smile to many.
I love the way @kanyewest thinks
