Don’t talk to Yeezus that way
He’s doing just fine, Flor.
No, he’s experiencing a manic episode.
Nah, saying things that get people talking is the way artists promote themselves these days.
Exactly. Most of what he is saying is way over people’s heads so their natural reaction is to criticize and make fun. It’s a sad reflection of how our society looks at thinking outside of the box on many issues.
Can our future president spell you’re* correctly at least
Our current one doesn't, so I wouldn't get your hopes up..
All equally trash
Not as trash as your reading comprehension.

In law, a hearing is a proceeding before a court or other decision-making body or officer, such as a government agency or a Parliamentary committee.

It's also typically informal and just and oral argument.

Not like people actually care for the language we use daily.
That’s definitely not the hearing he meant and you definitely have a typo.
Says you have a reading comprehension issue then immediately proves he didn’t comprehend what he read lol
I know that’s right!!! He’s running in 2024. Do it. Come to the Republicans and run!!! Bring those sleeping Democrats with you.
Anyone who votes Democrat is sleeping.  Let’s have 8 years of Trump and 8 years of Ye. I’m down!
Long as we’re conservative, anti-PC anti refugee resettlement we got the vote!
Did Twitter unverifiy you?
I never was verified.
If you become president I will lose all faith in democracy.
We are a constitutional republic not a democracy.

Don't roll your eyes, what he's saying is facts
Grab a dictionary or google “representative republic.” Thanks.
Whispers, “they are the same thing... you’re ‘point’ is moot.”
*your 
Thanks!

FPOTUS has spoken
Candace will make a great Flotus! 
Do you know something not even Kanye/Kim does?
call him Sloppy Harvey
your tweets make me not want to listen to your music

live look at kayne west:
I would hope that my next president could at least use the correct form of ‘your’
If that's ur biggest concern I think we'll all be ok.
future pet store owner

Kanye West of Chicago, you're hearing from me. Stop watching TMZ. It's garbage.
He's not. He's clapping back at them because they've been calling him crazy to for clickbait views
Just like Kanyes spewing garbage for album buzz/sales. Same game different players.
I was unaware to Kanye needed help selling albums
It's marketing 101, Carl.
Yeah ... Kanye was a nobody until this.
Dude every single artist knows that getting people to talk about you before an album comes out helps to increase sales. Even Beyoncé does it. Kanye's part of the media machine whether you like it or not.
I would say that 90% of Kanye fan base is anti trump
YE SNAPPIN ON EVERYBODY
Kanye has officially gone full Trumpnutty. 
Thanks for some great music. 

Good luck in your future endeavors to become Thanos or whatever this is.
You have art in your name, and Kanye is literally being an artist by expressing himself and his opinions, and you dont like it. You got a lot to learn mr “artist”
I’m also literally expressing my own opinions, and you’re doing to me the very thing you’re criticizing me for doing. 

Also, supporting Trump isn’t about artistry. It about supporting bigotry. 
Thanks.
Make grammar great again
omg please
The sheep don't want to be woke. #MAGA
"ECONOMICALLY AND PSYCHOLOGICALLY EMPOWERED"
Howie Huge
I Occums Razor. KANYE WEST IS A LOVING TRUMP SUPPORTER. KANYE WEST IS EMPLOYING TRUMP LIKE TACTICS THAT ARE WORKING SAME AS TRUMP. KANY WEST IS USING ONE OF THE 48 LAW OF POWER. KANYE WEST HAS AN ALBUM TO PROMOTE..see through the shenanigans stay focused on real issues of music.
I am not buying what Kanye is selling right now. I am listening though. I am wondering where he is going with this.
Its a cultural revolution. Keep watching. #freethinking
I am watching....
#Truth
Kanye, good job calling out those who would criticize you for challenging the status quo.
Kanye.   You are right on target.
The South Park episode for this is probably already in@production.  Should be a classic. #SouthPark
Tell adidas that we need a million in production
Yes, but in a little-known passage in Article II Section 2 of the Constitution it is stated that 'no citizen of the United States shall hold the Office of President and Chief Magistrate who fails to demonstrate a knowledge of the difference between "your" and "you're" . . .'
Pretty sure the second part of that passage is that those who rig their primaries are also unfit for office.  ;)
Anyway.... stan LOONA
Kanye! Stay strong Patriot. I am SICK& tired of the LEFT dividing us by how much MELANIN we have in our SKIN!  We all bleed RED
You’re *
Kanye Is Back 
SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE HATERS IN THE BACK
Are you running demo or repub?
Republican, otherwise he'd be running in 2020
All of TMZ seems to hate Donald Trump. So if you, a person they respect speaks out otherwise, they are going to assume you must be crazy. Because, of course, THEY could NEVER be wrong.  I admire your fortitude, @kanyewest in expressing your truth.
Things a psychologically empowered person would never think: that they deserve respect because they are economically empowered (wealthy).

Erratic, erratic, erratic,erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic,erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic ,erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, erratic, Your shoes are trash.
Being economically and psychologically empowered does not save you from being erratic. Allowing people to speak their mind without any concern except  communicating is how you obtain proper feedback. I wish you armor skin on this issue going forward. Good luck future president
The Things You Say Ye 
It’s *you’re*, Kanye
*you're



Way to go Kanye. It is your right and privilege to speak out. Please help us make America great again.
Jesus, people buy into this guys dumbass bullshit? Really?
We’re already suffering tremendously from a treasonous used up reality star con artist, we’ve learned our lesson & that ONETIME allotment has been filled! #ByeFelicia


No
This is what happens when you marry a Kardashian.
Agreed but he was stupid and erratic b4 he married her. I think the marriage has emboldened the erratic-ness. He’s really lost
Please not another celebrity president
This man has lost it
He's found it.
Kanye is powering up!
All Pepe's are one Pepe. WwG1WGA

You’re *
No it’s your
My bad was looking at the second your
@CHIBI_Zartist you need to read all his tweets 
Doesn't it feel like... We just got a front row seat to the new revolution? ...having opened our eyes to the system. There's people out there with no idea what's going on.
It's interesting
And watch the propaganda media attack him.
People really are zombies prior to taking the red pill... Even I would have hated Kanye for this year's ago prior to enhancing my political knowledge.... Like when I was 5 
Exactly! I like this picture. #MAGA2024
God bless you Kanye!
You’re* otherwise continue, future president.
@kanyewest is "economically empowered" because he buys his own music..totally makes sense!
Man get some help its happening again and this time the outcome might not be the same, mental illness is real and you are sick, God Bless you  and good luck with your much needed treatment!
HEY .@kanyewest go research #QAnon on #8chan please use your platform to wake the MASSES !

Aight chief I'm being serious now please stop
You’re

He could become the first black American President to help all people come together. Obama did the opposite.
Just chill the fuck out Kanye

Im concerned, I have concerns.
@TMZ is trash. @HarveyLevinTMZ
Kanye for president 
Hire me at Donda and help me contribute to the vision. Save me from the university trap next year.
one "stable genius" after another... smh yeezy, what happened to you?
Not too grammatically empowered though
Erratic doesn't mean what you think it means.
@CalFleezy
Wackjob. Get some help.
Awesome Response. Kanye You Will Get My Vote. Love The Way You Think.
Oh lord we do not need another narcissist running our country 
Are you a racist?
Are you? Smh race does not factor into my opinions on Kanye. He displays many clinical signs of narcissism and given how we already have a narcissist running our country, I would rather not have another one. Especially one that refers to himself as a god. I prefer humility.
*You’re* #FacePalm
He's like trump...stupid.
Dude... amid your politically charged twitter rants you said and I quote “I’m nice at ping pong” .... how is that not erratic?
He's talkin bout #pizzagate
Well you don’t seem stable lol
Kanye 2024 love from Humboldt Park/Chitown
His mom is from my hometown, OKC. She’s interred there.
But people have the right to their opinions. Oh?
Kanye trash
I support you my brother 
Publicity stunt for his new (not as political as he used to be) record.
It’s “you’re.”
For a genius, you'd think you'd know the difference between your and you're.
Wow. The Thought Police are coming for you hard and fast.
You're***
Keep up the good fight Kanye!!  Freedom of thought is good for all!

The media assuming Kanye’s political and spiritual opinions are due to a mental illness is ableism at its finest. https://twitter.com/kimkardashian/status/989220790741553152 …
You’re ***
Sadly, Harvey Levin is not capable of having an open mind.  He sees stuff in a straight line and he is easily influence by the wrong type of people.
you're*
@kanyewest have you ever considered that you may be bi-polar? Not throwing shade. I'm bi-polar and actually attribute much of my success to the creative surges it brings on. Just a thought. For me, I was like oh that's why I'm the way I am. And I wouldn't have it any other way
*you’re
Please run for President #ineedtheentertainment
Erratic.


Is this a threat? Lol
#TMZ another agenda driven soft sell brainwashing machine. "Hey it's just about celebs" nope they spew #libtard BS constantly. I do give them credit for copping to that fact. #msm is another story #Qanon #MAGA #Trump2020
Kanye West and @RealCandaceO #2024 !!
I think Kim needs to hide your phone

This is hilarious  he’s trolling everyone
You’re *

No lies and please pick your words carefully
Cook
End of Yeezy
When the media libs disagree with someone all they can do is insult or violate the individual that is all they got. #worthlessLibs #hollycrap
No we have the prove in the sexual harassment cases against the president you choose for moral.
Lol crazy trump haters #dingbats
Probably don’t want a President who can’t spell “you’re”....
You're erratic...sorry.  DM me if you want to talk to someone who will tell u the truth... not LIKE the people who surround u saying YES 24/7
Lets see if msm picks this up like they did oprah

#KanyeWest
“I actually don’t like thinking. I think people think I like to think a lot. And I don’t. I don’t like to think.”

- Kanye West

Absolutely genius... Please run as a liberal.
Oh Lord..Not sure I can handle your mother in law in the White House
Grammatically bankrupt tho
“Tho”?
That’s the joke. 
Ain’t it?
you're **   

Man.

Just terrible.   

Low standards.  Low intellect.
Please learn the difference between your and you're.
I’ll be the first one to move to Canada if this clown was ever elected.
#Classic #Economically #Psychologically #Empowered
Bitch, you're insane.
“Economically Empowered”
I support u K BUT NOT FOR PRESIDENT!
I like the sound of that Mr. future President.
America does like to choose egocentric idiots as leaders like @realDonaldTrump
Kanye if you are considering being the future President, please note “you are” is abbreviated to you’re .... not your! 
Shut up, you future president I don’t think so!!!
Where is his boss Chris Jenner? Get him back on his meds.
You got my vote! Please run as a Republican ! No democrats allowed they are the true racist ..
Go to sleep Kanye.
Economically empowered by sweat shop labor, chemical dyes dirtying the water of countries where they are made
Kanye youre killing me.
you’re*
President ?
Hahahahahahahaha I fucking love this guy
 - kanye album.
Erratic erratic erratic
So enlightened and psychologically empowered and you don't know the difference between your and you're. You do have the same delusional propensity and feelings of grandeur as the current idiot in the WH.
LMFAOOOOOO BRO 
You just get better and better...the black community has found themselves a true leader....God speed....
You go Kanye, the world has been waiting a long time fir days like these. MAGA WWG1WGA. ThanQ. http://qanon.pub 
Yeah, I am seeing it happen smart, intelligent, Hispanic, black men and women are beginning to cut their chains and leave the democrat liberal plantation to join the rest of the world! I wish you the best Kanye in everything you do
"Narcissist," then?

"Megalomaniac?"
Mania.
"Erratic" is what they call you when you escape the box they put you in.
Please leave Kanye alone. Not cool to criticize when we don’t know what is happening. It is hurtful to him. He is a husband and a Dad.
I have been watching u on twitter today & I would like to tell u I didnt follow u till I saw u follow 1 person ur wife Kim Total Respect Kanye
Also, to Harvey @TMZ , don't worry about him thinking he'll be President. He also thinks he's God. He' neither and will be neither. He's way closer to the insane asylum than either.
You sound like Trump! Erratic
#Kanye2024
Slavery is over both physically and now mentally thanks to Kanye and Candice.
Divide and rule, a sound motto. Unite and lead a better one.
You’re*
Shut the fuck up ho, it's one thing to disrespect Taylor swift, but when you come at Harvey? You catching these hands on sight, you and your kids
Someone needs to check up on Kanye. Seriously.
@CharlieNeff let’s get a round table going

Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 
Its always good to put haters in their proper place.
Straight 
Kanye is winning Twitter ya’ll.
You’re*
You have my vote and my sword.
FINISH HIM Kanye
I love all the grammar police out here. Same people who can’t see the truth of what’s happening want to piss & moan about apostrophes. Respect you both, @kanyewest & @RealCandaceO - getting people #woke and getting the truth out. The powerful will try to stop you. #DoYourThing
Watch out Kanye. All these grammar nazi’s commenting vote too.
Neo had any easier time leaving the Matrix than all of the denouncers here will. 
This should be a case study in cognitive dissonance.
Run for Congress! We need thinkers in Congress! Many are #Braindead, I mean #Demostupid, sorry #Demodummies, I mean, the hell with it THEY ARE DUMB! #Kanye2018 #MAGA
*you’re
When does @realDonaldTrump fire Mike Pence and tap Kanye as VP?? 

@stillgray
Nah not my president
For all those correcting Ye's grammar, tell Steve Jobs or @BillGates or Mack Zuckerberg that their lack of school is a big no no. The mind does not need grammar to express greatness
You keep up this train of thought and you get my vote.  Only AFTER Trump's 2nd term though.
what if that "economically and psychologically empowered" person is erratic tho

Wrong.
« Future president »

I can’t stop picture him freestyling in his office, walking around in some overpriced Yeezy’s.
Keep pushing!!! Let the ppl who can relate to u motivate u. The critics will get on board they always do wen they see something great happening!!!
Dork
Lol MKULTRA
Harvey Levin, he da future. Psychologically empowered on the computer. I put my fist up for gay fish swimmin in the blue lagoona.
Tell all those censors of free speech. @HarveyLevinTMZ is jealous that you are a free thinker, voice your own opinion and don’t follow the sheep. You really do have African Americans’ best interests in mind and will not bow down to oppressive mentality. Good for you @kanyewest
Weren’t you begging for a loan last year?
You're*... on another note, we don't need another psycho self-indulged President.
If Kanye ran, he would win. That's all there is to it.
Dude, just stop.
Kanye would be worse than trump
Great speech
Kanye my future president!!

We are so fucked

Luv ya, you GO, GO, GO!!!
SPAZ ON HIM KING
