We got you on the cyber security!!!!
pls hire me
“Will work for Money”
Hire me
Hire me ye
Do you need an digital advertising coordinator?  I would love to work for you!
where can I send my resume? is this a linkedin type thing or indeed?
We know @kanyewest likes the best - Indeed is the world's number one job site and we'd be happy to help with his hiring needs
@indeed : I’ll gladly be @kanyewest account manager and take care of his recruiting campaign
This was made for us KB
Where do we apply
I’m graduating with my MBA I’m sure we can find a way to help each other, please reach out to me I’m very interested

hire me I am the future
Can I apply for an influencer/product tester?
Post up the hiring details I'm ready

Hire me Ye! I need a job.
can I help make it 159 positions?? 
Hire me
hire me 
Where do I apply
Hire me.
can i come work for you kanye
Yo give me some Yeezys
Ye who do I send my resume to
How do I apply? #AtlantaDesigner

Where’s the application 
Let’s work it out.
Just graduated in December with a bachelors in apparel design and would love to work for Yeezy! Check out my portfolio @
Where do I apply @kanyewest ?????
Would you hire parents going bankrupt funding your unicorn via their millennial consumer kids?
hire @richardkovar for front and back end development on yeezy supply.
where do i send my application
You hiring ?
Are y'all hiring ??!!

How do I get one of these jobs?!!! I need to create!!!
Yes...? We need a way to raise money for our baseball organization...? Put me in the game @kanyewest ...?
KANYE TELL ME WHERE TO SEND MY RESUME BROO
Are you taking resumes?
A WHAT
Where do I apply??
Immediately willing to represent the Alaska faction
@juanteksystems umm excuse me Mr.West, have you heard of TEKsystems?
We actually specialize in finding unicorns. 
DM ME MR. WEST
Reading thru his tweets and ran into this lmao
Loved it lol
Modeling and Designer positions?! I got you. First pic is me second pic are my @UESupplyCo cricket club suits!
Get me a visa. Oh yeezy the G O A T
I’ll work my way up from washing the dishes
http://mindofregi.com 
Where do I sign up?
I recently quit my corporate job of nearly a decade because I felt like an indentured servant running in circles for capitalists. I had to play a part every day - no authenticity. I feel like I get you. If you need a thoughtful & hard-working employee, I will gladly apply.
I can assure you that my child will NEVER OWN a pair of your shoes...NEVER
I’ll shoot you over my resume
I like corn
How do I apply.


I’m looking for a job if you’re hiring, man. Where do I apply?
Lets not get crazy @kanyewest . i doubt second fastest growing company.
Hire me. You won’t see this. But if you do. Hmu
U good ?
That’s a personal question
Soooo where can I apply
Exactly what I’m trying to see!!
EU
BORA DOMINAR O MUNDO MEU GUERREIRO
JUNTOS SEREMOS UMA UNIDADE DO CAPITAL
ABRAÇOS
LEONARDO P J FERRARI
DOMINATE THE WORLD

MY WARRIOR
Hey can you use your platform for something beneficial instead of causing chaos and pimping out how fabulous you think you are....so many things need more attention then your clothing line. Spread the love not the hate! 
What are some of the things that you are doing to make a change? Why do you feel the need to tell a celebrity how to change the world! You should be making changes to better society. We All Should
fight for the rights of others who can’t in Texas....I drive my car with stickers that get me flipped off and cussed out...which one sticker says stop bigotry....I do a lot and all while I’m a single mom!  So I am working on change & don’t have a huge platform like this celebrity
OMG YES WHERE
ME
ANYWAYS
Thot
I’ve sold millions of dollars worth of products online from my brand, starting with nothing less than 3 years ago. Have your team hit me up - I’d love to help build
Lmfao
What
I'm sure he will see ur tweet! Good luck!
Nah he won’t - but if there’s a 0.001% chance of success, with 0 risk, why not do it?
Look buddy idk who you are, but you’ve come into my mentions twice being really negative for whatever reason. Fix the tude my man, I’ve heard nobody likes you and that’s probably why
hire me dadye 
L E T M E  A P P L Y ,
Being completely serious, how do I send in my resume/apply ?
Product developer/garment technologist, 20 years experience, and spiritually enlightened, brother.
Hire me
where do I send my resume...
My dreams, mannnn.....
Any graphic design positions?
I want in 
yall need an admin? hook a dude up on #AdminProfessionalsDay
Hire me!  ..Where do I send my resume?
Oviasss m in
If you’re looking for any entry level positions in business HMU. Graduating soon, deep in debt, and very poor !!! 
I will work for you
Is that 2nd fastest behind “jack and his magic beanstalk” store?
I’m here!!!!
@kanyewest Can I be your accountant? Decacorn must happen
Where do I apply???
I’ll manage your supply chain for free
You hiring veterans?
quintillion 10.¹8
NO kanye, we have ONE position open, come work for US
decacorn
If you want a fashion tester, dm me, I’ll proudly wear and promote yeezy.
I prefer manual labour. The hard stuff that's too physically demanding for others. The more back breaking of labour, the happier I am. They call me "Hercules" at my job.
I don't believe you hire me
How do I apply @kanyewest ?
Tell me where to sign up for the NYC office Ye.
Where can I apply??? I need an interview tuhday!!! I want it!!
How do I apply ? 
hire me
Where do i apply?!
What's good with a job Bro
@kanyewest I'M READY TO WORK, what can I do for YEEZY
Lemme get a job tho ??
Lets tokenize Yeezy. It will be worth trillion dollars then.

Think big Kanye, think big.
Coinye

Let me get a job
@kanyewest lemme join you
2nd fastest? Ya ok. A simple google search proves that false
@kanyewest, @PersonifyTalent talent solution provides on-demand delivery, while aligning urgency and sourcing strategy to help find you find 160 of the most talented candidates in the industry for your record breaking organization. LET US HELP YOU MAKE HISTORY YE!!! #PFYDELIVERS
Ye I will get on a plane and fly out right now if you agree to hire me
PUT ME IN THE GAME COACH 
Where can we apply Kanye???
I take this back. I’m good.
“Second fastest growing company in history” that’s for sure not true.     Why’d he have to go so crazy after college dropout man smh. To be super frank- Kanye and trump have waaaaaaaay more in common then they should.
Can i be in your next fashion show please, thanks
I’m actually being deadly serious 
How much are you paying? I'll call on a corporate level.
let me in
Where do I apply? Pay me in stocks though.
Let's do this! We don't fake the funk!
Can I have a job pls
I need this
Hire me #FreeThinker #HelpThisVeteran #MensGymWear
How bout an internship??
How do I apply?
@CI_Douglas is this your genius?  I really don't know why I bother TBH 

I'm loving his trunk 'endorsement' though. I want to see if they can make someone like him pay for such political incorrectness. He has the cult status to withstand media hate. Such hypocrites, all of them.
*trump
You're a decacunt
@kanyewest hire me, I’m good
I’m just trying to be a part of the wave
I am a high school student from stoneman Douglas that needs a job anything that I can do online.
Resume ready!
Where can I apply, Kanye? I'm currently an office manager. I can multi task. Thanks  @kanyewest
Are you @realDonaldTrump love child ..Both have that same "dragon energy " apparently
Will you hire me
I'm down if you're down.
You only fw Nike
No one cares, just be happy with yourself and your family.
yall niggas hiring?
he really just said decacorn oh my god
Where can I apply sir?
So y’all hiring, let me provide some great ideas
Sooo how do I apply? 
Nvm..

@miirrorhouse 
Okay. 
Where tf do u apply
Fr I can’t find the link
How do we apply
Hire me

158
Lmfaooooo
I am 100% interested. Where do I apply for the Operations manager positions!?
Ill quit my job immediately just to say i work for yeezy. Bet.
Hire me please. Let me be your sales representative in Nigeria. The Nigerian market is a viable and thriving market for high end fashion.
Hire me, Ye! I have visions.
Where do I apply?  Creative curator..
H I R E M E
Where do I send my CV?
How can I apply!!!!
Hire me Kanye
I’m game
Yeezy where do I find the job application?
im an artist and would lobe to come work for yeezy. just saying 
Eitooooooo !
I'm working at the yeezy headquarters 
@kanyewest I will work for you
Ok where do I apply ?
All I know is where can I apply?
Decacorn
Hire me !!!! 

I have a lit resumé
Hire me. I got the mind of a bee hive in an electrical grid with dreams like a 4k TV playing beautiful nature scenes inside a walmart after an apocalyptic nightmare! #DragonEnergy #HiveMind
Lol decacorn, corny ass
 http://www.kingofmvrs.com 

My site speaks for itself. Truly a multimedia talent.
I like corn
How do I get involved in the process of getting one of these jobs. I will really appreciate
Hire me and I can be the new college dropout
@ajcasella11 did you apply?!
Give a person from Tennessee chance you won’t regret 
... calling those things that be not as though they were - FAITH!!! 
can i work for you please? i’m really a great person
Need a photographer?

Do you accept resumes via twitter?
I'd work for you for FREE.  I want the knowledge.
If you need a janitor let me know
Dear @kanyewest please let me help you fill those positions with my @footwearjobs my aim is to help and inspire the youth and make employment cool we have great talent here in the UK email me hello@footwearjobs.co.uk
Hire me lol
hire me my dude I'm yeezy to the core... can't afford your shoes but I always wanted em
Pls hire me Ye!
If you're talking about recruiting, you're talking @Greenhouse... "I'm just saying, hey Mona Lisa, come home you know you can't Rome w/o Caesar #Recruiting @Zenefits
Yo hire me for your Spanish audience Ye
Hey @kanyewest we 's too! You need @zenefits people platform to help you hire & onboard all those people - we'll make it easy for yeezy!
