I KNOW
YOU SEE
SOMEHOW THE WORLD WILL CHANGE FOR ME
AND BE SO WONDERFUL
What really matters in life
White people?
Look at @theperezhilton trying to be relevant again..
Look at the BOT trying to be relevant LOL!
Look, I call everyone I disagree with a bot! LOL! Cause I'm a lefty, I don't even have to realize that perez hilton can't grasp what kanye, as a black man, has seen & understands!
Loik again, they may govern, but they DO NOT control! Look at the Legislators and the State Officers!
@trumpstertrain
What’s your favorite Kanye album?
They have no idea.

MAGA was brought out the box as not being inclusive, they just want the black vote. 
That is COMPLETELY untrue.
Ok what's your favorite Kanye album?
Late Registration,, Gold Digger w/ Jamie Foxx
Gold Digger is not an album. Most famous song though. Surprise, surprise. 
I named the album asshole
All primed up
Make Kanye Black Again
Awww don't be sad!
With the new political correctness standards of the left those of us that are members of the silent majority are now being bullied into silence versus just choosing to remain  silent so as to not cause trouble.
Don't succumb to hate. Speak your truth! Everyone who doesn't like it can kiss your a**!!
Thank you for your advice. I have tried that and gotten such snarky, 
irrational responses from libs who make up our tiny island I rely on Twitter to reach like minded people. Happily it seems our numbers are growing. 
I’m with you Jean. I’m in western Massachusetts and they are lunatics here. Luckily my neighbor is a deplorable too so I have him and he has me. We are each other’s sanity.
Ha. My husband is a die hard republican so he's just about the only person I can talk to about politics. I'm not even a republican but am an Independent but the liberals here are ruthless.  
I know. It’s shameful. My husbands best friend just found out I was a deplorable and he nearly went spastic on me. Lol.
Shhh. It has to be kept a secret. .  I wanted to get Trump stickers for our cars but I am sure my car would get keyed. Very sad 
I even got a coffee cup just because everyone on the left was going insane over him with that “not my President” garbage.  Can’t tell me what to do. 
Well he's had us for about 50-60 years so far...
Hmmmm...Have you actually LISTENED to the NIXON tapes or are you just a wannabe hype man?  Your President has quoted him inadvertently. Get educated.
I'll break it down for you it's simple when you think about it. Welfare sounds good but at the end of the day it rewards the lazy and robs you of your motivation. Making it comfortable to be broke. If you make too much money they take it away. Welfare replaced the Black father..
More people on welfare are white but ok
Why do people like yourself parrot information instead of looking it up for yourself?

Black - over 40%
Hispanic - over 30%
Non Hispanic White - 13.6%

You must have used common core to get more white people on Welfare. 

https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2015/cb15-97.html …
Ok, per your link, Census, 40% of blacks are MORE LIKELY to receive assistance. Here's portion of an article that states welfare info has been reported incorrectly.
You do realize that there is more to welfare than SNAP right?
Ive been silent for too long...
http://www.lulu.com/shop/destiny-watson/all-aspects-of-life-destiny/paperback/product-15707927.html …
Like blacks
Blockchain is decentralizing power Kanye.

The silent majority is no longer silent.

While the noisy minority grab the the limelight ranting and raving in front of tv cameras the silent majority come out and vote .. just like they did #brexit ...
Sounds like my uncle Winston
Yeah ..yoo ryt and @kanyewest alot of people brain has been damaged the need brain resette
I haven’t heard anything about this before .
#SayBraveThings
I think he finally broke away from MK ultra grip 'they' had on him.
Me too, amen. He is certain saying many brave things too and starting dialog, that is so healing and helpful on all sides
Is it all of the Uncle Toms?
Yes, it’s called the people of common sense. You Sir, have none of that. Stop trolling just because you have another mediocre album coming out.
#Trump IS #MAGA #MAGAForAll
Trumpers in full get the black vote mode. Hilarious
It's not about votes.  

It's about #MAGAforAll
America is fine already. Thanks
for you. Selfish much
Perfect!
that's a Nixon quote, Kanye http://watergate.info/1969/11/03/nixons-silent-majority-speech.html …
So?
I love you. No homo
you seem kinda obsessed yourself...
2 tweets is obsessed?

Okay 

Rather be obsessed with love than hate ;)
c'mon man, you know you're literally waiting for Kanye to tweet so that you can tweet this and get likes
What?

I tweeted him twice.

I ain't waiting around for shit. I happened to be on twitter and noticed all these haters spamming him right away. So I messaged him support right away.

Likes on twitter don't mean much. I just try to spread positivity.

Glad you are so focused tho
Fair enough man. Do what you gotta do.
I'm getting called a Russian bot now lol.

This American political shit is to much for me.
*Spoiler alert* - it doesn't include rich people
You know that’s what racist people say right? I mean. You do know. Right ? 

Why do I follow you? Seriously i don’t remember ever following you.
Because we need to love a guy who called Nazis good people?
Get over it!! He said he was sure there are good people on both sides, so he said antifa were good people to and I completely disagree with that, but I can see all the awesome things happening in our country, and words don't hurt that bad!!!!
Awesome things? Likeadding another two trillion to the national debt? That sort of awesome?
Who told you that CNN, or was it Msnbc? Wake up, you are being lied to. Would you like to see proof, that President Trump has lowered our national debt by a huge margin in the past 15 months??
I don’t think so, Svetlana.
MAGA!
Facts

DID Y’ALL FUCKING FORGET?!?!?!?
#POETRYISLIFE
Fuck this world man I don’t give a Fuck no more!!! 
You are so right ? The big mouth millionaires hardly ever have a soap box! You are a disgrace to your race, gender, and social standing! @kanyewest please  trying to be a victim.
You talk about being deprived of knowledge... the silent majority is a racist dog whistle dude
Kanye taking some cues from Nixon.
Yeah! they are mostly not on social media.
All Kanye did was say everyone has a Freedom of thought and people lost their damn minds.  Treated Kanye terrible over it.  You’ve started a counter culture Kanye.  Much Respect!
And I am one of them
#MAGA #Trump2020 #TrumpTrain RT AND FOLLOW All Supporters
When you’re just trying to sell albums... you start “supporting” people that don’t respect support for you.
Thank you Kanye we appreciate this
You may have lost some followers.  But you have gained some as well.
Yeah it is true

Well u a very thoughtful guy. We should chill someday . My brother, same dragon energy.
TRUTH.
Yes and you are one of them! @kanyewest #blackisbeautiful #youareblack
The silent majority don't need racist votes. Only God fearing American people.  Race is not the issue here. 
 Our rights given to us by our forefathers is the issue.
 We are American.  
We should address ourselves as such.
Which god shall we fear?  Poseidon?
Thank God for the mute feature.
Yes, ignore reality.
Hmm, quoting Nixon talking about white people that were angry about Civil Rights tells me you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. You might want to Google "Southern Strategy".
Yeah I’m one of them. America belongs to every citizen Kanye speaks the truth.
done not talking 
Thanks for “getting it” & bringing your voice to free speech & real diversity of thinking.
I see now you’re quoting Nixon.  You sure know how to pick them
Not a Nixon "quote"
Nixon read "The Silent Majority" in a memo from then Senior Presidential Advisor, Pat Buchanan.
This guy
Now You Know
I do know. Nixon referenced the Silent Majority many times.
I've referenced E=MC2 many times.
It doesn't make it my quote, nor should it make me famous for saying it.
Pat Buchanan coined the phrase in a memo to Nixon...period!
You stated it was a Nixon quote.
It isn't.
It's something Nixon repeated but never coined.
Plagiarism is too strong a word.
I'll go with "borrowed"
YEAH,BLACC PPL!
Kanye...be Real Deal ! Or don't play us !!!
It’s hard to trust  Kanye. His past is checkered. Hopefully he starts a new conservative movement & for that he is a hero. But it’s still too good to be true.
Wow, a rational human being. Nice to see
are you a politically charged mumble rapper now?
tee hee

EXACTLY!
Precisely why media rarely quotes Thomas Sowell (should have won Pulitzer Prize), Larry Elder & other Black Conservatives , but they love to trumpet Al Sharpton & other parasitical Blacks that fit their Leftist Agenda: Remember how initially Ice T & Barkley supported Trump?#bliss
#JulianAssange !!! #FreeJulianAssange !!
Like @kanyewest or not, if he and @realDonaldTrump can help Chicago’s crime rate it’s a plus for all of us! Stop making this a black or white or red or blue thing!

I can safely assume that he's not talking about lower class white people
I’m still trying to figure out if there’s a majority why they stay silent???
The phrase "silent majority” was popularized by Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, then used by Trump. You’re officially messaging for the Republican party. That’s hardly being a “free thinker” you are just parroting them.
A party whose leaders have no ones interest but their own.
THANK YOU GOD FOR WAKING UP YOUR PEOPLE KANYE YOUR MOM IS YOUR ANGEL IN HEAVEN GIVING YOU STRENGTH TO DO WHAT IS RIGHT AND SPEAK FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE NO VOICE 

Intervention time.

You so right bruv! Think and say it as it is. #FreeThinkers
Awesome Kanye! When oppressed blacks & racist white Liberals are trying to remind you to stay in a place that they were taught you belong in and wholeheartedly believe you should remain in, is the very reason that hate group is not for you. It's time to rebuild this nation.
Name one
New Q for you.
White supremacists and nazis??
Kanye’s Tweet button be looking like....
#Midterms2018
#UnitedWeMAGA
#MondayMotivation
Yes sir. We’re called libertarians.
Hey Kanye, @RepMaxineWaters says you spoke out of turn and you should refrain from politics. She also thinks that you should not have the freedom to think on your own. What do you have to say to her?
Wow. That bitch jusy can’t let people talk at all. She needs to taks a seat, how she got elected is beyond me she is so dumb’
@CrashingConcord shit jesus
First Lights Out, now this crap.
As long as they don't take Bad Park from us
I don't imagine that's going to be much of a problem.
The silent majority grows because the opponent’s agenda is based on emotion and hysteria and is perpetuated by hypocrites. The platform is built  on straw devoid of any real substance and as such gets exposed.
You clearly think a Person who see's Emma Gonzalez as his Hero is on your side?
Nope. But that doesn’t negate my sentiments at all. Kanye is a mess, his aspirations of being a president are a pipe-dream. People are insane to believe if trump got elected anyone can, simply cluelessness.
Held hostage by public scrutiny, ridiculed on the job if not fired and sometimes banned from establishments or maybe even countries, nations and continents.

Lol @ #freedomofspeech
Yes and we are now standing up and swinging back.
You mean the Alt Right males that have decided to start murdering people now that Trump is president?
people find the truth offensive! Expect them to reject it and call you crazy. They’re chanting lies they’ve been brainwashed to believe. 

If you state a lie, and repeat it often ( media), people will believe it! 

Many great blck men think like u, look it up! Mature,wise, actors
because they are still waiting for that Change Obama promised but never happened....
AMEN TO THAT, @kanyewest !!! And to combat that SILENCE, we need YOU to RUN for California Governor!!!!!!!!! CAN YOU DO THIS?!?!?!
Are you for us, the everyday people, or the ones in your circle people that's already rich?
That’s how Trump got elected. As long as people are forced to remain silent about their beliefs, (to be safe from bodily harm and property damage), they will rebel at the polls. Viva La MAGA !!!
If you're claiming you've been silenced you're truly deluded.

LOVE & UNITY not HATE & DIVIDE !! 
This right here has them shitting themselves.
We will hear the silent majority in 2018 and 2020 just like in 2016
Kanye: "be a free thinker"
Also Kanye: *sounds just like Richard Nixon*
Yes we have ! It sickens me how evil the left are. Bullying anyone who disagree them
Yeah. These women.
January 21, 2017. The day Trump lost the election. #WomensMarch #TheResistance 


Can we silence Kanye forever?
"But 'silent majority' comes from Richard Nixon’s Southern Strategy, and it was about the Civil Rights Movement. Nixon was telling white people that they had been 'silent' long enough in the face of all of those black folks getting rights "
@LM_STARLING Dave Adams hacked Kanye or something?

Yup and silenced by the same ppl and minority organizations that are suppose to protect n guide...it’s sad that the same so called leaders n organizations want to keep ppl dependent on govt benefits.
And they are of all colors and faiths.
WHAT, R THEY DEAF ?
VOTE RED!
#MAGAForAll
Dems are cool with you as long as you say things they agree with .. speak freely ! #tolerantmuch
Why somecunt huzney pinged your stupid heed aboot by noo al never no
Silenced by the tolerant left. #hypocrisy
Yeah...

and that "silent majority" called you racial slurs after you insulted George Bush and Taylor Swift.
You’ve got that right!
Amen but the Democratic party has pimped people far to long. Glad your eyes are open, check out @RevCLBryant film Runaway Slave!
PS:  They voted for President in 2016 
Where we go one, we go all! #Qanon
How are they silenced when they're literally the majority in congress
Damn right Kanye and no matter what they have to say they have the right to say it Kanye West for Secretary of Hip Hop we're going to make it a cabinet position
"Silent Majority" = Nixon 1969.  Check it out.  You d/n wanna go there.
https://twitter.com/LunaLuvgood2017/status/991198876320153600 …
Yeah and that not so silent majority wants to have you pickin' cotton again.  How much are you getting paid to F over black people?  Something you will look back and be proud of one day?
kanye thanj you fir your advocacy of the adult baby community
this got my account locked lol
@TannersDad has continuously been vocal, care to listen?
Thank You - We Must #BeBrave #RiseUp and #AskWhy HalfAreSickdotcom #ICAN ICANDecide dot com Health Freedom Justice Why Autism 1 in 59 #CDCwhistleblower #VaxXed #HearUs #AskLouder @kanyewest @delbigtree @MomOnTheStreet @HighWireTalk AmericanHealthCoalition dot com #MAGA @POTUS USA
I fully agree Junior. Gay people have rights too!
Unarmed Black people murdered by police?

DAMNIT DON YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR ELEMENT.
God Bless America Land that I love  Stand beside her and guide her 
You are so fucking irrelevant. So delusional.
I appreciate your strength. It is very difficult for a famous person to go against the tide.

You are in my prayers.
Much love to you for your bravery & sincerity.  Literally, millions of the silent majority have your back.  Keep going!
Oh we spoke up on Election Day, when it counts.  May everyone feel a need to express their freedom of thought and VOTE!!!  Just talking is no good, it must accompany action--the only action that matters is VOTING!! I hope you do that next time, no matter who you vote for.
Is "Lift yourself" a Snoop&Diddy diss track? That's what I feel and hear it to be. Its dope as hell.. Stay true to yourself that's what you've taught me to keep it 100
#MAGA
Libs Michelle Wolf, Kimmel & Colbert looking at issues from a very White priviledged POV, Trump wants to build a wall to control.border, you say racist? Minorities who have to deal with thousands of illegal criminal gangs & flow of drugs onto their streets would not agree!

So this is your new Republican Party, because this the message of hate that is coming out of thenWH and propaganda from Fox and the #NRA.

#TrumpForPrison #ProtectMueller
you too u were silenced
Man , I hope you are sincerein what you’re talking on now, people will listen
NO More PLANTATIONS!

#QANON #MAGA
#PATRIOTShaveNOskinCOLOR
#unitedWEstand
#WEwillNOTbeDIVIDED
@realDonaldTrump
I would love to hear their voices #MAGA
Not you, obviously.
Richard Nixon called for the support of the "silent majority" during the Vietnam era to gain support during the protests against the war.  Worked a little for him. @POTUS @POTUSPress @VP @starsandstripes @SenateGOP @SenSanders @SenateDems
We Were NOT On November 8, 2016... The #MAGA Movement grows stronger and more resilient each Day!!! #Kanye #Tucker #GreatAwakening #QAnon #TheStormisHere!!!! 
In addition, there's also a majority of PC people have been vocal too long!
I've yet to see a racist comment from a white person in any of these twitter posts, yet the blacks are "whitey this and white person that". True colors beginning to show
I see your followers are asking some  "what is your favorite Kanye album"?  Personally..I dont listen to your albums but I really like what you're saying. Keep up the good work...these others need to get with a winner.
Hahahahahah!  #Fool
#ThankQ @kanyewest for speaking up. #staysafe
Too bad they allow other people to do their thinking
I don't know any of his songs. I don't need to. He is eating steak, while surrounded by hungry sharks. I applaud him for that bravery.  ANYONE that is open-minded is welcome in this movement!  No particular skin tone required. Listen to your heart, not the sharks. #MAGA #KAG2020
欅坂46知ってますか？
poop de scoop
Stay focused on PEOPLE not people of or not of color and you can keep America great. Don’t be shamed by people who love the trenches.
Hence why Trump lost the vote.
You’re actually the loud and obnoxious minority that claims it’s a victim because a comedian made fun of you.
You are the Black Trump.  Ignorant, desperate for attention, self obsessed and married to a woman only famous because of a sex tape.
!!!!!!
Get in the bin
Truth Bomb
Democrats have been keeping Black People Silenced for Decades
Time to Wake Up America 
Stop the Racism 
Time to Unite Together
Amen.
You got that right Kanye!! Yes!
So true. And we will be silent no more come November.
THANK YOU!!!!!  Well said.  
Lets keep saying it "out loud"!
Keep speaking the truth and please stay safe
Don't let them silence you, Kanye. We don't have to agree on anything, except the fact that you are allowed to speak freely regardless of race. It means a lot that you continue to be you and open eyes!
Why do so many blacks think Trump is a racist the blacks loved him before the dems did their hit job cause he was running against them. Why are so many blind to  truth. Trump is a straight up nornal guy who gets it, he gets us he is no New World Order croonie why do they hate
Yes - the ones with brains who see through the likes of the Trump family.  Don't you just hate it when people can think?

this is what WOKE looks like.
My God, I’m retweeting Kanye West ....
@kanyewest there's shit going down in #WashingtonDC that a lot of corrupt #Democrats & a few #Republicans are going to be totally shocked with when the indictments are finally unsealed
We are talking about some big names that will be #Exposed for their #FoulPedophileCrimes 
Wat the heck do u mean
Thank you Kanye, very cool
Yes and they are black and brown. And your private Catholic school, suburban roots, Calabasas living faux black self doesn't speak for us. Sell the album and shut up!
The tide is turning. The Bible says and the truth will set you free. God can't lie.
And who have the theory of break that silence doesn't break... I love that sentence

Realizing this is one’s first step into a larger world. But be mindful that you may not find yourself agreeing with them on everything 100%. And that’s ok.
"Hurricane - Thirty Seconds To Mars"
DAMN STRAIGHT! 
I'm not a walk-behinder, I'm a new note finder. FREE-THINKER, can't be controlled!
The last time democrats got this riled up was right after we took away their slaves. Well done sir
And a bunch of those “silent” Americans spoke up in the elections booth and voted for Trump. 

More silent Americans will be speaking up in the voting booths this year too.


Way too long!! It’s time to speak up if we want to keep this wonderful free country of ours!
I will no longer be silent!
You poor triggered rich af snowflakes
LONG PAST THE TIME TO START STANDING UP!    
Black Americans and middle white class we have been silenced far to long
Amen! I agree!

Dope
#Duh

I'm a graduate of the #UniversityOfMtvPhd
Sincerely,
#MAGAPissOnPC
...and still are afraid to get out off the "clothed" - Dem will make sure to destroy those who are oppose them. #thankYou @kanyewest  for setting a personal example - America is & have the only Real FREE Speeches & thinkers A Blessed Country in the universe
My students have to trudge through MLK, Rosa Parks and Uncle Tom - only to learn the evils of oppression and discrimination. We should be teaching empowerment and the beauty of diversity. Yes it happened. Yes it was horrible...but who are we NOW? Let's celebrate our differences!
I’ve been silent about your lack of intellect
Please please help to #reconnectAssange!  Thank you so much!
Now you’re Team Nixon, too???
How can the MAJORITY be silent when they make up the biggest number? That's total bullshit. Go sit in the racist and insecure corner Kayne.
There are others that should remain silent, in order to preserve any shred of remaining perceived intelligence.
YOU'RERIGHTEOUSKANYEWE THE PEOPLE SUPPORT YOU
Thats right!
Silent no longer 
You ARE one of the Truly Bravest men in History... People Will Remember YOU for your GREAT Music, Message & BRAVERY for ETERNITY !!!!!! #kanye #Trump
you really need to Google the context behind quotes before you post them. and no I'm not going to tell you what it is, you do it so you can learn from this moment.
You're using their language now. You claim to be this enlightened free-thinker but you're just regurgitating the old, stale talking points. I'm listening to you and waiting for something real
Peopel like me  no one cares though.
Kanye, you're keeping good company with Candace Owens, Thomas Sowell and Larry Elder.
Yes, stupid people.
Dang. Kanye drops an audacious callback.
Well then KANYE help #Floridians get their #votingrights back #SecondChance 
@ACLUFL @ACLU
Amen No More !!
Another example of why the mob mentality is terrible: Diaz Dillinger (cousin of Snoop) issues a Crip Alert on Kanye for Kanye’s views on Trump.

Yeah you’re right— marginalized people who were exploited and used to build this country ;)
Kanye single-handedly ignites a triggering of epic proportions with every tweet.

leave the man alone.  Your inability to be a free-thinker is not Kanye’s problem.

He has risen above the petty disagreements.  

It’s a beautiful thing.
@___777s
as long as you become more silent, well all be better off and more happy
