Well then maybe for 400 years should have had art classes then maybe the people wouldn't have chose slavery
@_joelclark_
Earth without art is just eh
We need to write a new bible
@natisantop
I agree with your views on art and expression. You are a fantastic artist but you need help and it’s OK to ask for help. I’d hate to see your candle blown out too soon. The world needs you.
I also agree. You got love ye
well ... no
Kinda

No lies detected here
You just became someone I listen to all of the sudden
Actually Kanye prayer can deliver anyone from oppression aka Demons.. I'm keeping you in prayer asking the Lord to cover you in his Love, Strength and protection, placing a hedge of protection over you and your family. Rest in Christ.
...allowing yourself to be affected by true art teaches you who the ultimate oppressor is. (hint: Same as the master who makes the grass green.)

Cry of jazz
In a meritocracy it's hard work.
"Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one." (Stella Adler)
Here’s some #art      http://JoaquinCortez.com  #sandfest2018 #SandFest #summeriscoming
Also. Art changes people and people change the world.
Au Contraire - Money is the key to end all your woes...whens the last time art bought you clothes.

...oh, actually that doesn't work at all if you're actually Kanye West.  

Erm,...never mind.
this is true. read Nietzsche
where's the escape hatch on this TL
TWITTER IS CAGE!

@jack would think a bird would KNOW BETTER! 

OPEN IT UP!
Poo is the escape hatch to the butt hole
No truth. Telling truth is an art form though. People need practice XD
Yes
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
So do something about all the art that is being cut from schools and stop fucking tweeting! 
very Marcuse-esque
No I’m not.

What happens when the art oppresses us and turns is into slaves of our own culture? Like how music turns us into sheep. #wakeupsheeple
Keep giving em that medicine Dr. West.
Waffles are the volume knob of bereavement.
WOW
I wish people would show some respect for the arts!
my ass is an escape snatch from pregnancy

my vagina is my escape hatch
like you said last year; THEY ARE THERE!
Thank you for opening people's eyes and minds once again. #freethinker
The end of white supremacy is....
Not really sometimes it's subconsciously pain driven
My art ... like this if you want another albumn from THESE 2 together again!
Amen. Artists that do not get to express their gift, litterally lose themselves.
According too who the people living in poverty or the black male prisoners ? 
Or the victims of abuse ? 
According to who ?
Actually that would be freedom

why do you not retweet me then if your such an artist why not engage @kanyewest
#art
There’s also money. And opportunity. And investment.
Kanye Invest in Crypto currency TRON  TRX... It will go to the moon... message me in PM.......
Drop the opioids
The only way out 
That's because art is a more expressive form of speech.
I never had respect for art until I met the artist who ended up being my wife. Since then, I’ve made the transformation from depressed to happy. Art is amazing.
So you can drop bars like this on twitter but when you drop a song we here a scooby doo chyme? 
Dig this Ye
Ur so sickening
Also - taste is the enemy of art !
And depression
Anal hole.
Tacos with pineapple Is the new enchilada
My art is being oppressed.  Send help.
Yo, you need to expose 'modern art' for the money laundering sham that it is!  Through the Art in Embassies program, the 'elite' get to ship anything they want around the world w/o going thru customs!  Everyone do yo own research!!
How would you know?
It's more than that, as well, Kanye.  It's how we show others how we see the world, or how we want the world to be.   That contact with others, as information and inspiration, is what makes art... life.
“loophole of retreat” Harriet Jacobs
And oppression is like some kinda submarine swimming thought the waters of selfdoubt.
Except when mainstream media controls the pipe that art flows from.
So true
says the nigga who doesn’t read

http://thinkbigadam.com 
“Alexa, tell me 7 random words that I can combine and tweet” - Kanye over his bowl of Fruit Loops this morning
Art is being stolen from our children. It’s fucked up!
You and Chris Brown, amazing artist need to be shared more with everyone
We need more art in the hoods. These ppl have so much talent
Yes it is and u should put it in shoe stores so we can buy a piece of healing
Your soul can not be oppressed, That's why Jesus was such a threat to the Roman Empire. He helped people realize we do not belong to man.
Not legislative reform, education and economic empowerment?
Uhh, no that’s Jesus. Or guns if it’s governmental.
Take your MEDS
Come on bro you tryna make me cry like chill tf out.
And a window into the oppression of others.
Idolizing the oppressors fuels oppression!
Kanye where r u getting this quotes from. Let me in on the website; u can't just harbor wealth n Zen knowledge to urself
Then tell your “dragon brother” to bring the arts back to our schools homie!! #cmonkanye
art has been opressed repressed depressed and its breathe choked no joke but it lives on because the holy spirit brings it back to life even if youre nowhere near it thank God
I believe that's (how) Blues music genre along with Reggae n Rap were raised n passed on...
It can also be utilized for propaganda purposes.  Hollywood has turned into a business of pushing agendas over making good movies
Try laughter and smiling. That also works wonders
So is music
No matter what you believe or don’t believe, the theory of God is creation and creativity in the inter-connectedness of things. Art is God
You are SO stupid you can't even think up a good tweet. 
My art
Art is the escape hatch to not making a difference and hiding from the world. Disruptive art, that is the escape hatch to freedom and veritas
Maybe we could agree to judge each other as we do art. Some we love. Some we hate. Some we accept but don’t understand. Yet we move on to the next art expression seeking something that touches our senses. We can’t give up on each other, keep seeking common ground with each other
I wish and hope America United
I think you spelled money wrong
“The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble.”
Psalm 9:9 NIV
Wena futhi? Thula Yeezus my brada.
#FreeKanye
I hope you write a book with all your inspirational thoughts.
freedom is the escape from oppression...
Love is—not art
Yeah... went @MiamiCityBallet today in Ft. Lauderdale - escapism on steriods!
Nope Jesus is.
beautiful!
Voting is the escape from tyranny.
It works 100% of time.

Yes
LET ME MODEL FOR YEEZY!!
Art institutions have been infiltrated by extreme authoritarians, what’s one to do ?
Art can be dangerous when not used for the right reasons @kanyewest 
Some people live through music, it is important to have this knowledge and be careful with what we feed the society.
Then you need to stick to making art instead of being complacent in racism and white supremacy by supporting @realDonaldTrump
That depends on the eye of the beholder.
How do you explain then KUWTK ?
Thinking is oppression....... just be in this moment.... no past, no future...just this moment is all there is or ever has been.
We draw our own life’s story!
That’s why our ancestors sang in the cotton fields
U talking “Art” or “ music” be specific!
Gonna screengrab this
You´re reverse engineering Marx now? Sheesh :P
Lmao @bonghits4virtue
Everything you enjoy and do to get away from life is an escape hatch. The trick is not to let your escapes keep you from your reality.
God is true freedom from oppression.
I'd counter with wisdom and grit, not art, but point taken.
Banksy & @MrBrainwash
Stop fucking tweeting. Holy shit kanye
Creating business incentives is the escape hatch from the #DemocratPlantation.
Art is Resistance.
Are you reading a fortune cookie book?
I think it's this: http://wisdomofchopra.com/ 

My real name is Dexter
Oh sweet irony
You are so full of yourself. No wonder you like @realDonaldTrump   2 blowhards who are deeply insecure.
trump’s budget defunds art programs
Glad you’re speaking. Still can’t get over you taking Swift’s Grammy. Perhaps you addressed and I don’t know? Thank you for your voice. Lastly, Jesus is the escape hatch. s and thank you.
If you don't take yo fat ass to the gym
"Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery"  -Marcus Garvey.
It's a pity you can't make art
@kanyewest @PerezHilton This thread is hilarious! Thanx for cheering up my Sunday! Xxx
@AaliyahJay
Please block Perez Hilton. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgLuSCQOEV8&sns=tw … via @youtube. It's yours ,, lol ya on some wild tweets, come on u gone grab trumps wig off
U bin tokin on a doob 2day Mr. Kardashian?
Orthodoxy is the oppression of art.
ART  IS AN EXPRESSION OF OURSELF.
FOR SOME IT IS A GOD GIVEN TALENT.
VOTE RED...
Stop acting crazy.  Your family deserves better
Please stop
And depression.
Art has nothing to do with it. 
Finding on self. 
Stating aloud me sins. It the only was to freedom. 
 Depression leaves. Joy fills the heart.

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
Immoratality kneels at the alter of creatvity.

Mi pene!
Jajajajajajaja alv Mario jajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajajaj
Me cae mal
Art is the porthole to nonsense.
Stop already punk.
Contemporary art is oppressive.

unless it is the tool of the oppressor. Could be said then it is not art, sure, but it can and does masquerade as such. Love you @kanyewest #dragonenergyrising
I’d say a voting booth is the  escape hatch from oppression-
@kanyewest photography is not art.
"art gives a voice for the voiceless" ... Bob Smith TEDTALKS
So is the Second Amendment.
I'm gonna be nice...Libya
Says the artist who supports @realDonaldTrump the Oppressor. #Hypocrisy
You are such and end of a bell.
Except, those in the "#Arts" ARE the Oppressors...
.
It used to be 
.
ok @JColeNC

Wtf are you talking about?
In valley's filled with darkness, where the blind lead the blind, hand in hand they walk, causing others to fall. The raindrops fall like dust from ashes, we will not walk alone. We will prevail.
Bitcoin Art is the ultimate escape from oppression.

https://cryptograffiti.com/collections/fine-art/products/decentralize-1 … @cryptograffiti
Democrats get their power from oppression.
Art is "A" escape hatch from oppression.  Education is "THE" escape hatch from being oppressed.
So art will save black and brown people from oppression?
