

tbh such a great interview, ye
ya'll commenting before you've had time to even finish the video 
i was an hour in! lol i got inspired to respond 
got some new reaction gifs

You should interview Satoshi next Kanye.

You’re both creators trying to empower people. Legends.
All these gifs, YOURE A GENIUS YE
How you gonna put this out a day before my exam 

For those who misinterpret the higher awareness in this man who is so desperately hungry to feed the world some depth in clarity.... Listen past what u only allow urself to hear!!!
Marketing genius!
You're so annoying. Stop it.



I really enjoyed your interview. You aren’t at all what the media has portrayed you to be.

We all forget Kanye Is a husband, father and hurt person...shame on y’all #weloveyouKanye
And..He's MY Son!! #DragonEnergy @POTUS @JCRUZ106 @Real923LA @PJButta @iamcardib @MichaelRapaport @MichaelBlackson @TheRock @KevinHart4real @garyowencomedy @MediaTake_Out @BrodyJenner @KrisJenner
That's disrespectful
I agree..people forget to look beyond the Glitz,Glamour and Genius that is My Son..He is a person who breathes and eats just like you and I(almost,Kim k chews his food for him like a baby bird,he has no bottom teeth!)
I meant it about your username hahaha but I agree with you. The fact that people like @kanyewest  is famous doesn't mean he doesn't need privacy, space, express himself and receive love beyond anything, just like you and I
Don't believe everything you've heard, the hardest thing to see is what's right in front of them, research #mkultra
http://thewealthybrand.com 


Chill commie
“I’m in a stronger place than I ever was after the breakdown or as I like to say break through”. -@kanyewest
Ever since the Taylor swift moment. It’s never been the same with the radio” -@kanyewest
A lot of people forget about that incident in Paris with Kim. Definitely had its affect on Kanye. Said he felt helpless.
“I use the world around me as my therapist” -@kanyewest
“The more scratches on it the more value it has” -@kanyewest
“If you hang around people who act like you aren’t who you are, then you’ll forget who you are” -@kanyewest
Kanye on being away from twitter for a year: “I didn’t have a lot to say. I had a lot to learn”
“I need information more than I need validation” -@kanyewest
I would love to live in a Kanye community . He gets it. Now I get it, after seeing this interview. Can anyone else see he relates to Trump because they have the same “flaws” or imperfections? Jumping from topic to topic without a singular answer because of the hurt...
Being confident while insecure, not trusting people in the circle, questioning intentions, etc. The difference between them- Kanye IS coming from a pure place, he’s more intelligent and more evolved. I’ve never owned a piece of Kanye’s art, but now I’m officially a fan
RE: Kanye having his “breakthrough” in part because of wanting to compete and be the flow. #Love
Loved the whole Kanye / Charlamagne interview, except for two things. Kanye using the “R” word, and Charlamagne seeming to diss meds used to treat mental health by saying we don’t need a calm Ye. Everything else, 
@cthagod Great interview. Kanye, thank you for being brave




...But here on Twitter you’ve refused to be conscious of how insensitive some of your statements maybe to others. Is it because u don’t have the same respect for the masses that u have 4 ur idols Jay-Z and Bernard?
What’s the line that separates genius (which you clearly are) and madness? Btw, I could of listened to that interview, or just your streams of consciousness for hours.  It kept making me introspect on several facets of life - past, present & future.
Ye admitted he’s on “medication” now after his “break down” yea they got his ass smh 
He admitted he doesn't take it.
I don’t know what you been looking at but he said he take opioid. 
I love YE
Best interview I’ve ever seen from kanye , and I’ve seen a lot . He seems calm and happy and at peace with himself. I love this guy.
thank you kanye
#WeGotLove my Brother! We love you and your wife and Pray God gives you strength and the words to encourage the youth of this nation! God has a work for you both so listen for that still small voice! He's got you!


YO THIS IS GOING TO BE GOOD OMG.
When are you going to interview Michelle Wolf, the bravest person in all of art?
My reaction to the Charlamagne interview HERE:

Just finished the interview. Agreed with a lot of your ideas. I Want to be apart of it. Ppl are going to throw shade because they’re operating in limited realities. Glad you’re able to function independently of popular opinion.
I can’t front. I have always been a @kanyewest fan. I won’t turn away from him because he supports a person and a movement I disagree with. He’s an emotional being and artist first. I still will listen to his old stuff and some new stuff if it’s ...
But... does it make you just a little sad that he literally said that slavery was a choice? 
Curious, not arguing. There's enuf of that on here already.
I do have issue with that-he is seriously disconnected from reality. Money/success does that to some people. He thinks blacks could have figured out a way to break the mental chains.  He doesn’t realize the that he’s gifted and that gave him a ticket to break the links.
May I never be that rich/famous/successful. I like my feet right on the ground and I'm sure it would make me batshit crazy too.
Exactly. It’s very hard to stat grounded when your gifts/talent exceed your intelligence.

Listen to Grindin Everyday prod: Izak by Rockford Roth #np on #SoundCloud
You asked some dynamite questions in that interview.
why couldn't you just say the opioid withdrawal took away your confidence?
Be yourself and stay positive! I like Kanye’s twitter
Love u Kanye

CULTURE SHIFT: NFL Star Reggie Bush Gets Conservative On Twitter http://bit.ly/2JGRDVb 
Love is all we need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sx6YS9mj_4 … straight up!!
thank you!! much love!!
Nobody cares. Drop music
Lift Yourself
Was a joke. And Ye vs The People is barely a song
Two intelligent black men with wedding rings on. I am so glad that @cthagod got this interview and I pray more success to the both of you. #IBeFeelingAWay
So you making it right w/ white supremacy for your transgressions against Miss Taylor Swift so you can be on the radio...I see 
White supremacy?  Let’s make everything about race so we can’t get to the bottom of the real issues. Stop being racist and move forward. The past will always be the past but the future can be whatever you want. This race shit ain’t gonna help.
You are free to keep losing.
Thanks for the offer, but I'll keep going at white supremacy so we win for a change. Now fuck off.
I’m with you.  I’ll have nothing to do with white supremacy. America has more white people than any other race. Naturally, you will be able to find more dumbasses. That being said, if you weighed racism on per capita, that would be much different. You know it. I know. Be good.
I owe you an apology. I seriously thought you was buggin out and losing ur mind. But I watched the Charlamagne and the TMZ interviews. Now I have a much better understanding of where ur coming from. Ye, just keep building and eventually the world will catch up. #LOVE 
Excuse me yall in show business? Please don't be a sour puss? Yall are good man.
Backpack Ye be like....
How come u don't tweet about your ebro interview? Cuz u were speechless and couldnt explain your ridiculousness
Good to hear from you Kanye
I couldn’t help but notice a contradiction in your agenda of “free thought”. When u spoke about Jay-Z and Bernard, u took the time to think & speak of them in a manner that would not lead to misunderstanding out of the respect u have 4 them.
Got it.
I took my time listening. When you look past the persona of ‘Kanye West’ his message is one that we should listen to. I found it very insightful. The part where he speaks about how he ‘got out’ was so true.
Kanye, I don’t get why there is so much hate (especially in the celebrity world) just because Mrs. Bill Clinton lost the 2016 election. (I prayed for Donald Trump to win, and I’m glad he did). I like the way you think. 
@Syahi45
Awesome interview. Charlemagne got it wrong though. Trump HAS done great for the black community . Check Black unemployment rates. & Economy up helps everyone
I wished they explored the concept of using the past as a safe place more in a deep dive but the sound byte and probably real truth was  "more people end up retarded than rich" is the best line of the year.
@danney_williams wants love!  cc: @BillClinton
@POTUS44 got love!  http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/WRHARTICLES/obamathelovechild.php …
I have to challenge @cthagod on saying nothing good has come of @POTUS presidency:
1-tax cuts for 80% of Americans
2-Demolition of ISIS 
3-End to Korean War (if Barack gets credit for the BS Iran Deal, Trump does for this) 
4-Hispanic & AA Unemployment all-time low
5-Stock Market
Hey Kanye, I just started following you, and I want you to know I think you’re very brave. Your honesty touches my heart !
Kanye is golden.
Dope
Interview was enlightening and inspiring.  It’s amazing to see the truth behind all the bs in the simulation 
You are a lame

"  #QANON  "

@realDonaldTrump @POTUS 
Felt this in my soul #thankyou
@Rickywals 
@DeaddPoett  
Companies were offering a $M for this interview to release.
I enjoyed the interview. Lots to unpack, and definitely going to watch it a few more times. Appreciate the candor and honesty.
This is an incredible interview. Very inspiring. Good job
http://Ultralightstreams.com  up for Sale Ye. Hit my inbox.

Worth the watch
Covenant communities
#ART #BROOKLYN @itztimelessent @Reasonizhere
Best interview I’ve ever seen
Make Ye and Jay tight again!  #MakeYeandJaytightAgain #Love 
lol the gifs ... love u
IN
Boy you are an alien 

http://wegotlove.com      Charlamagne interview TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 

president of the world
fixed
Only 10 minutes in and I am really enjoying the conversation. Thanks for sharing. I look forward to watching the rest...

Not a breakdown or breakthrough- metamorphosis.
Deep interesting interview
OMG I found a pic of Kim. 
Great interview gentleman! Very real and Hip Hop, Salute

Garbage
.

Negro 
Stop using taylor
Ye, our family have all the support for you and your family. God bless You and your Family!.. Hollywood may lose their respect from you. But the millions of people who vote for Pres.Trump are here to support you all the way!!.
#YouAreNotAlone 
#MAGA
Hey @kanyewest : Charlemagne. Not Charlamagne. Signed by a french dude.
Just watched this interview and for the first time in a really long time I felt inspired. The only true currency on this earth are heartbeats and the value of these currencies isn't measurable until they're spent. You and your family are solid, my dream is to work for your team.
Note to Kanye... it’s ‘Air-May,’ not ‘Air-Mez.’  Hermès.  FYI, fashion genius.
@kanyewest sick shot at 1:44:00 really caputes the power of the 300 acres, next twitter pic a #mule 
*captures
This was a really good interview. Great Job! To @cthagod & @kanyewest 
Did I miss something? @cthagod , did you ask him about running for President of The United States? #KANYEWESTForPersident, @RHYTHMJENKINS @RHYTHM313
MLK's dream, ALL races (65% white then) uniting to elect black POTUS. BO the beneficiary, NOT the dream. POTUS BO elevated racism, mocked the dream. MLK's God made him wise. Never said 1st black POTUS would be good. Lost, #MLK love like the time his dream was done. @RealCandaceO
Maybe Kanye you speak on 35:00 and tweet what made you loose your confidence,release where the Kryptonite is, to summon your greatest #quest
Mon cher frère je te demande de voir les Routes de l'esclavage sur ARTE TV POUR COMPRENDRE CHE L'ESCLAVAGE N'EST PAS UN CHOIX C'EST UN MONSTRE ÉCONOMIQUE  RENOUVELABLE TU EST VICTIME DE CE MONSTRE AUSSI FRÈRE
Am I the only one who completely disagrees with @kanyewest but still wants to help him?
@kanye “I dont know what exactly took my confidence”, aka, yea right CTG good try, and the o’really face @35:00
“YE”, CTG really gonna ask u in your house how to defeat you, asking how to make u loose your confidence, good answer u caught that quick 
@33:09 crazy right and the time stamp is 33 two.. wow, like u said “Streaming”
Great interview i don't know why the media portrayed him wrong, media never loved us.
Great indeed he unpacks the most.
This interview is harrrrr
@Miguelcmt
Your a game changer!
Crab cakes are served
You were all over the place. Half the time you spoke abt Obama then lost your thought & went to Nikey and ranted then remembered Obama...confusing. I like the advise on talking to people aside from shrinks but people get tired of hearing abt others, pple wanna talk abt themselves
Beautiful honestly is the most powerful weapon on earth.Keep on doing what your doing  Amazing stuff I shared this interview with all my friends and family. Thank you. I told my family & friends not to think of you as a rich famous person but close your eyes and really listen
Truly amazing interview!! GOD BLESS & be with YOU
i agreeed with everything you said Ye and CTG did his thing. thanks for real

Mad respect for doing the interview, but you also don't have to explain yourself to someone who's got more makeup on than Xerxes.
Can I save these as JPEGs though?
Great interview. I'm rooting for you. 
Just finished watching this, it’s long but so good @inabina85
Definitely worth a watch
Kanye gave thoughtful responses. I hope a lot of people see that. Although the pauses had me like...
lol This fool took @cthagod to Game of Thrones for an Interview #GameOfThrones #BreakfastClub
i miss the Old kanye,
Interview of the year. @cthagod
Fuck him.
Good job guys! 
What can you tell us now Kanye???? ##we must know ~~~
Sooo ...  #IssaRae is saying thank God for Kanye West ... Toook all that heat off her.
You a clown
Great interview @cthagod you have grown so much
Thank you for this interview!  
I can relate so much to your story.
It literally brought tears to my eyes! 
God Bless You! @cthagod 
#LetKanyeThink #LetKanyeSpeak  
#Kanye #KanyeInterview #Charlamagne
We **HAVE love, since we're trying to be politically correct, right? #StillANigga
@kanyewest very interesting . I see why people think your different but your views and thoughts resonate with me also . Well done
I love Kanye Period
you have  been depressed; then your mom who was your world died ; she was depressed; you havent been right since? the feeling i keep getting watching from afar; is people are talking all manner of bs to you; which in our business is real easy ? hotprojects@nyc.rr,com; write me
i wish you would talk to me ; hotprojects@nyc.rr.com; we have mutual friends; me two psychology masters; 40 years stage director; you need to be talking to someone who talks real stuff to you and not crazy show business bs? its not the liposuction; you have always been depressed
@cthagod says Trump hasn’t done anything in his first year *REDUCED TAXES
*ISIS REDUCED TO 2%
*BLACK UNEMPLOYMENT AT ALL TIME LOW
*RESTORING OUR MILITARY
*MILLIONS OF JOBS CREATED
*CREDIT FOR ENDING KOREAN WAR AFTER 65YRS
*CUSP OF DENUCLEARIZATION OF NORTH KOREA
Damn I should of bought that domain the second I you started tweeting that

Why didn't you ask Ye about the liposuction/opioid situation.
West Tweet Review
Very Boring 
1/5
Z
Tell me Kanye is slavery was a choice was Harriet Tubman just a tour guide try reading a goddamn history book
@cthagod GET HELP  THAT INTERVIEW WAS ALL OVER...sad
Takes a MAN to stand AND speak.. I'm proud of you.. keep going, we're with you xx
Anyone can speak... some learn at 2. Speaking doesn’t make you intelligent.
@tonibraxton @KennyEdmonds Kanye took that BabyFace  “We got love “ promote from 2016

This is why it’s important to have diversity on your staff. No one else was gonna speak up. And #Kanye wasn’t going to respect anyone else speaking to him like…
https://thegrapevine.theroot.com/kanye-west-says-slavery-was-a-choice-1825694643 … tell us again how slavery was a choice  #askingforafriend
Heartbreaking to hear an educated  person, I looked to as a voice and leader for the people, to say 400 years of slavery was a choice. It is not a choice when the government puts laws in play to systemically oppress you. Research Pres.Andrew Johnson before you speak. #FACTS
Charlemagne, what were some of your takeaways from this interview?

Thanks for giving us some insight into your life. It’s a great interview.
That was a good interview. You enlightened my perspective of how you think which is a grand scale. You are a observing person. I would still like you to answer the question of what is the difference between Donald Trump and George Bush. But other than that everything is growing.
you have good healthy teeth and a great smile. That is all
Arrows darts and missles are wasted universal thought flow streams of wasted useless words seeking a vessel to land upon to touch the same people they came from..
Fire, peace and love are kindled from within and blown out from the inward parts not accepted from the outward stream but of Gods anointing placed in a man and creates in the image of Gods mysterious powerful original manifestation.
Crips  have at it 
.
#KanyeWest #trump #BlackTwitter
Bless you ye, we got love
Thank you Kanye
As Kanye and Charlemagne ended their interview a rare celestial event; Venus shining behind them at Sunset  
The Switch is Complete
No
 interview bro

Fascinating convo. Thx @cthagod. Ye seems like an advanced creative w/capacity to shape major parts of culture; and someone at the earliest stages of learning about history, race, & politics. The challenge is, the uninformed parts of his learning experience impact so many others. …
If I see another Spanish roof  I feel you. Its like I'm dieing inside as a designer! Wash, Rinse & Repeat 
Great interview..Im Sci-Arc trained Id love to work with you on your development endevor, create a new type of housing model. Would be dope
2
Ye - Don't believe all these fake nasty comments. We're out here even if you don't see us through the spam. 
Get in touch, we have a therapist for you to interview
I respect your growth Kanye... This time when you changed you came back to help us understand the movement that your on...#growth#respect#love
@VaziriTehrani tryna do a viewing this week?
you blame others for their problems and failures ... but you are not a true rapper. you are a kardashian more !! with necessity attention by social media 
Dopeaf
@kanyewest Love the interview! Now I have zero doubts you are going to be president!
please get off the meds, if you legally can, break out!
Niggas got paid like a mf’er putting it on they own website an not YouTube ooooooowe
1:45 conversation, promo for the music, clothes and touched on the people he wanna work with. paid for promoting his own shit,
Great interview

Mansa Musa ona twenny
