Wrong. People don’t agree with you because you’re supporting an openly racist man. Nothing to do with politics or free thinking. Everything to do with your personal morality.
The guy publicly defended Neo Nazis, but he's not racist??
He didn't  defend them, he said the otherside shared the blame. Which was true
It's a quote, verifiable, if your Love for him is stronger than your ability to face reality, I will GTFO
Genius!

I actually like you now!  
True...but we can always agree to disagree and get along. Now publicly supporting something or someone you actually disagree with isn't cool...you can publicly disagree and still be personally cool w/ someone, but you shouldn't come out in support of when you really don't...
perhaps
mhm
And water is wet.
water is water. when it gets on stuff. that stuff becomes wet.
Ik ik 
Lmfao
But water is on water therefor making water wet ?
I don't know why this is so hard for you people to understand if something is dry it can get wet water is NOT dry
Alright mate we’re having a nice friendly debate, no need to come in all aggressive
And everyone in Africa is black.
So you can't agree to disagree?

Aw sh*t........ who woulda thunk it ?!
We can all agree this album is great  #TorturedArtist OUT NOW AVAILABLE ON ALL PLATFORMS!
This coming from a guy that listens to kids bop
As Seen in previous replies, I dont even have apple music, I have an android. Thats a screenshot from a fan so I could show its on there...
So it shows your fanbase instead
Why dont you just listen to the album instead of judging it because someone was playing kids bop for one of their nieces 
Are we gettin the single tonight?
The first rule of tautology club is the first rule of tautology club.
I stand with her. 
Exposing the Left with every tweet. Not even trying. Awesome.
Oh man this tweet so owned the left with how it made all kinds of sense and all that.
President obvious
I don’t agree with anyone other than myself and I don’t agree with myself anymore than I agree with you.
Common sense buddy
I disagree.
As long as we can agree to disagree and still be friends! If not than it never really mattered
Facts
Bruh keep doing what you doing. I don’t agree with you but I will say I’m inspired by the fact you stick to your opinion. Too many other’s out here would have been folded and joined on what someone else told them was “in”.

I’m not seeing your problem cause this happens everyday in normal conversation,but I guess since he said it it’s a problem now.
That was my initial reaction to reading that tweet. But I see what he saying now. That’s not an everyday convo tho lol
Yes it is somewhere in the world 2 people are disagreeing on something. But ite lol

Unless you're a #Libra 
So if a=b then a=b? Very cool!
People are sensitive when you don't have the same mindset as them or beliefs. They don't know how to handle an opinion..basically@Kanye
Fuckin profound, you must be some kind of genius or something.

Kanye, should I listen to my own dragon energy despite the fears I have of the consequences for which that journey could manifest?
always listen to dragon energy young grasshopper
2 tattoos 1 read 'no apologies' the other said 'love is cursed by monogamy'

Well uh...yeah? That's what disagreeing means?
Oh good one
Nothing new under the sun
Perhaps the greatest combination of words ever
I do.
Since we are discussing the "Black Employment Rate." Here are the trends since 2008. Tell us Mr. West, what you think?? EJ 
and water is usually wet
Lyrical genius

Grass is green
You're a fucking joke
i liked u better when u weren’t on twitter so much
Clean your room.

well

Messed up!!! He is unbothered by you btw
 REMIX ALERT 
Love it!!
Absolutely! Well said.
The word is disagree ! As dumb as the one you support . Burnt on your own track
Thank you Kenye
lol wtf
Thank you. Spread the love.
@Swiheezy yo ...WHOS...MANS...IS...THIS
10/10 deep
Weren’t all these supporters calling you an idiot at one point in time? Don’t get caught in the nonsense of vulnerability. These mf’s don’t give a fuck about you.
So he should base his opinions on how others might perceive him or might have perceived him the past? That all seems very limiting. Kanye has made it clear he's not on their side but his side.
Absolutely not. Everyone should have a right to their own opinion regardless of how the world feels. However, as a man of influence, creativity, and intelligence, he’s created a pedestal for ignorance to sidetrack vision. He’s Kanye West, he ain’t Ye from the Southside.
So everyone has the right to their own opinion unless you disagree with it?
Never said that. He made his opinion and I made mine. I’m not dragging him through the dirt, I just made an observation.
“However, as a man of influence, creativity, and intelligence, he’s created a pedestal for ignorance to sidetrack vision.”
 we both have opinions. He’s on a public forum. He said what he felt and I said how I felt. Did I say “fuck you” or any other rude abnoxious sayings? No. This is a man I’ve respected for years. I’m being honest, as a fan of his artistry.
Mind blown. Too deep of thought. Please translate for regular humans.
Simply put! But so many need to see that! And just agree to disagree!!
This tweet just reminded me of those ladies on the @TheView @WhoopiGoldberg @sunny @JoyVBehar They want everyone to agree with them. Thanks Kanye.
Oh, please. Get help.
Lekla babun
Both parties treat half our countrymen like they don’t have a right to exist. Got to end.
You're not exactly renowned for being a good judge of character are you?
That means that they are closed minded.
He really thought this was gonna be deep but this is just common sense
But you Said you don’t agree with Trump, and still you support him and he supports you. So Do you agree with him or not? @kanyewest
True
Honestly I feel like the only reason I’m going to say this to you is cause you used to be a light in the community. Now I must say you have let everyone who has supported you down. You didn’t have to clout chase. Dude we already loved you. #smh #falloff
Kanye's audition for African- American version of Captain Obvious.
Got ur back Kanye. Your not the only free thinker. #blkconservative
There’s appropriate way to disagree and argue about different philosophies.  All this name calling and hatred spewing is so frustrating.  Something has disconnected.TY for speaking up and defending YOUR IDEAS AND PHILOSOPHIES even though they my not be popular with your followers

The only thing people agree on is Bitcoin Kanye.
No it’s not. It’s me with mobile notifications turned on :)
And don't say anything witty, but actually how does someone like you have that many followers?!
I have no wit. I just have tweets.
Buttttt... Like.... 

You're a founder of a few minor start-ups... And like you were a product manager at Facebook; so what makes you get internet famous enough to have 170K+ followers period?
Keep it up Robo Pimp
People usually don’t agree with people who agree with racists.
Who ever said he was racist? He never said he was racist.
Sane people said it.
Uninformed people actually.
Yeah people who are uninformed about the central park 5, the dog whistle politic of the campaign, calling Mexican rapists, not outright disavowing David duke, calling white supremacists nice people, housing discrimination, Muslim ban, or having a white nationalist as an advisor.
He did not call Mexican Rapists. He said illegal Mexicans or immigrants rapist. As in those people who do not want to become a United States citizen and come here to commit crime.
And again not that facts matter to you but immigrants including illegal immigrants commit far less crimes in this country.

I just want whatever it is you're smoking right now... #ffs
My god the deepness of this is deep
Hey super rich guy, we get that you support the president who supports Super Rich guys. We are just disappointed that the majority of us are not getting any advantage from the super rich guys and that you don't seem to understand that when in the past you seemingly did.
damn, i'm really starting to like you (when you are not singing)  
Fact! We are the same!
never let me slip cuz if i slip them im slippin

No shit


full jaden smith
Before @kanyewest supported @realDonaldTrump , These TOP rappers were all in but media didn't cover them. ⋆ @chancetherapper @foxandfriends
#fool
Haha! I LOVE overused Twitter GIFs!

take a break man. go for a walk outside. read a comic book. eat an ice cream cone. whatever, you know
You realize you’re sort of proving his point?
1. no
2. nope
Oh buck up already kanye
You have a new fan in me
Reasonable

Or with people who agree with them and then do something else
Ahhhhhhhh



Dude. What?
very insightful kanye wow i never would’ve realized that if it weren’t for your intellect

Jeez have you been taking lessons from Jayden Smith?
Is that from the new album?
Especially black people when comes to politics quick to say something
 profound
This is what this thirst bucket wanted attention You’re still a shitty rapper
So simple isn’t it?
Update - sky is blue

Water is wet
You are the company you keep.
Kanye, I love you like a son! Keep believing in you...great spirit you have
True


Wow u really like controversy, facts are that u are betraying the people who PUT u where u are. U are in business of service and your customers are not happy, Thats reality u need to go back to! #Trump is a person that uses people and thru away when he is done, so be careful
Captain obvious is usually obvious.
Usually
Well...yeah.
Kanye has a valid point 
I agree...
@kanyewest Also your step sisters unfollow you...poor guy! 
Wow, everyone look, a genius
Oh my god what thanks Sherlock
I LOVE that Kanye is in my news feed now!!   
I think you're trying to effect change in Trump but a narcissist is a narcissist
well..... yeah. that’s usually how it works..
Huh?
really??
I agree...
Brooooo drop a single from @KidCudi collab plzzz 
alright that's enough. we've let you get away with one too many thoughts. consider this a warning bucko. next time it may not just be a fine
Who could possibly disagree with this?
I don't agree with racists, or fascists, or misogynists, but hey, that's just me. You do you...
And yet people can respect those with a different point of view. Doesn’t seem all that long ago that this was the case.
Lolololol
Fax
I agree!

#truth
and tend to argue or ridicule without completely understanding what other people mean. Ego perspective.
PEOPLE NEED TO STOP WATCHING THE FAKE NEWS AND START TO LOOK UP FACTS NOT OPINIONS! YOU WILL SEE THE FACTS ARE THAT TRUMP HAS DONE MORE FORE US THAN ANY DAMN PRESIDENT SINCE ABE LINCOLN!
Blah, blah, blah!
This one time I agreed with this one guy who I didn’t agree with.... so stupid
He's not wrong.
You sold out to a racist, and for what? You are just about done with your 15 minutes.
I disagree
So....who cares what people think....#freethinking
That is a never ending cycle
Fake deep
Agree with what you feel as a individual and be a leader and never a follower.   My mom taught me to be a individual and to use my own mind.  Believe in whatever you believe in!
And water is wet.

Factual , you can’t knock the man for speaking his truth. @kanyewest ur a genius.

How profound. 
That's true
Yes, and they shouldn't hate or try to destroy someone that they don't agree with. That's called being a decent human being.
@georgiagarv Kanye droppingn more truth bombs on the tl  #blessed
damn he did THAT 

Well duh Kanye
get me pregnant
And yet you still make more sense than fucking anything Jaden Smith tweets.
This is the most basic statement ever
We all know who they are!
Their game is old, no one is fooled!
People don’t agree with people that don’t agree with people that don’t agreee with people that don’t agree with people that don’t agree with them. Obviously.
this logic is sound.
People die when they are killed.

@JMcGlynn_ genius


Love you Kanye! #maga
Do you think people really care what you think, on any subject?
This cannot be a real tweet.  HAHAHAH oh God, Kanye, never, NEVER, NEVER change.  Be filled with Dragon Energy until the end.
I agree!
This homie been watching too much Rick and Morty

People can't see people that can't see that person
You should have your own line of fortune cookies
this makes no fucking sense
#sherlock
“Moments aren't moments, until they are moments.” #DionneWarwick
Deep
Your fifteen minutes must be over for all this twaddle.
Shut up, gayfish.
Git down boy, go head, git down!
Facts!!!!
Make America Great Again
did you think this sounded smart when you tweeted it
woooowww i totally DID NOT realize that
Thank you captain obvious

Duh
When you forget to turn the light off the light is on.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha usually
Wait wut
Lol no shit... lost respect man... ur not a fuckin guru... u have an opinion woah amazing.... just stick to music bro...now doubt ur very gud at wut u do....but we can't do everything Kanye.
Obviously
