Bro can you learn how to screenshot
Lmao
I’m getting sick of it like what are these
His “art” lol
This dude doesn’t even know how to post a photo properly.
Did you see the photo? Job done
Basic. Bland. And more basic.
Some people like basic and bland. All you have is catty insults, so why comment?
Can someone please teach this genius how to crop a screenshot.
But then how would we know he uses military time?
not now man the draft is on
The complete color spectrum of “depression”.
you ever heard of cropping a photo?
I respect & #love your #brand
(sucker) 
50 shades of shit and publicity stunts eh?
I can get all of that at wal-mart for 5 dollars a piece. The entire collection would run me less than 100 dollars 
Clothes from goodwill to use at his next fashion show and claim are his designs

bro imma slap tf outta u if u don't crop these pics
This is #Garbage #kanyewest u ain’t no #fashionista I feel bad for @adidas
@Dropbox must be loving this plug
Stoppp
hey man they recently made it really easy to crop screenshots on the iphone. just thought you should know. okay have a good one
WTF! Post them all at once!
These better have fucking pockets
Looks like what color blind people see
That’s exactly where they will stay
Only Trump supporters should buy these
Kim get your hubby!!!
#remyiscoming  available a midnight “Company”
What’s up with the colors and style looks like something from the slave days.
Are you too stupid to know you can post multiple pictures on one post ?
Imy



Oh yay - more solid color athletic looking wear - clothes that look like all your other collections and are unbelievably boring. Ingenuitive!!!
Yep, that's how they sort stuff out at Goodwill Stores - on racks by color.  Good job.
Blaaaaaaaaaaaand 

Can someone show this man how to save a photo
If you want a poor girl to showcase your clothes.. hit me up. I’m your 5’ 1” gal
where is the travis song!!!!
Many, many shades...
dis so beautiful. why you no crop
That's a pretty big closet Kanye, maybe a bit overdone. Might leave an echoooo...

Oh, you got a volunteer gig in a Goodwill warehouse - glad to see that you're doing something worthwhile
Looks like old faded rag

Yo you can't tell me these fits don't look the same as the one this man was forced to wear
literally my colour palate
I love you @kanyewest but what exactly is this supposed to cover?
Trump and West Presents “The Slave Collection” or “Stephen By TrumpWest”
You do know you can save pictures to your camera roll right?

Sweet!
Wow! Look at all that colour.
Your phone is literally so long, what’s happening
Nope
I wish he would crop his pictures... My ocd on all these pics
Charge your phone, guy!!!
What kind of River Island teas is this?
Stacked brother  HH!
Fixed it for you.
Ew anyways
Damn, I miss the old Kanye. I'm about to pay $250 to wear a fucking rag.

Get it kanye!! Keep it up!!
Like if you think Kanye is crazy 
U KNOW THERES A CROP FEATURE RIGHT
Sope
or”The Kanye Kardashian Kollection.”
Man, Kanye out here taking clothes from these poor people off skid Row, and making millions....

https://soundcloud.com/lordluminous/raspier-god-deliverance …
Do you even know how to save image?

Noch nie soviel scheiße in meinem Leben gesehen wie kann man auf sowas noch stolz sein tu auf dein Nacken
Amk lass den doch du rassist
Nein man ders selber Rassist wie ADHS kann man sein
looks like the wardrobe dept from The Handmaids Tale...scary and ugly
Which TK Maxx is this?
Where's the color?
Garbage
You need more colours
Maybe Ivanka can sell your clothes in China. Backing Trump’s racism has effectively made you, your music and your clothes null and void.
You want to come and Sell Rag for us Again
Bring us some new designs to the yeezy line , this sweat shirts and lounge gear is not on the level we know kanye for. give us more wearable collections .. pants , shirt jackets , some fly shit
Yeah. Spend 3000 to look homeless
Perez so mad 
dystopian.
that's what 100k looks like
#bleak
That crop top is like 300 I think. Nobody can really afford this.
Garbage.
@_RoyalIndi  I want to become a model just to walk in a Kanye show 
Marata fela
But they'll still sell
99% of the world can buy them but that don't mean it's a good product, Abuti shu o rekisa kak but still batho bae reka, my problem is when you put flowers(marking, parkage) on shit(sub std product) and put a big price tag like it's worth it.
He created a demand that wasn't there, and because there's no competition. He's free to manipulate however, I guess it's genius.
Are u saying he invented punk rock? What did he create?
No one is selling maratha at that price that's why he has no competition.His strategy of sellin kak @ value is not new (think diamonds)
You only seeing things his way coz his Kanye otherwise he wouldn't be get love from U
Lol no I am not saying he invented Punk rock... I am referring also to the tweets he's been posting and alot of them suggest that he's selling a lifestyle or concept more than the actual product.
I also just got back from the thrift shop
Wardrobe for Hunger Games.
All these people telling you to crop the pic sound like they want to keep you in a box. I kinda prefer these for a change.
Warm colors to dark colors #visual
THOSE TONES THOUGH. THE SIMPLICITY THOUGH. MMMMM
Have A pop up at River Oaks #makechicagogreatagain 
Your clothing line sucks
Suit, suit, suit, suit, suit.....

That’s design??
YES
I see limits....  Lack of vision and a lack of creativity.....  Do better ....  YOU  were created in the image of a creator,   look down from "your heaven" upon your creation,  upon your version of creativity.....   What's missing......  I see death....  darkness......There is no
These colors are everything
ROYGBIV
He's on crack... Such a sad looking pile of rags
What a depressing palette.
Colors so blah for company called pastels brighten up hb
I just would like the opportunity to model for you
Very colorful
Salvation Army???
Its hard to believe you're a free thinker when these are the only colors you can see#KanyeTweeting4aPulitzer
Ffs crop your screenshots
The new Google Doodle is lit fams 
LOOKS LIKE YOU JUST ROBBED THE BUM'S OUTSIDE PENN STATION.
THOSE LIKES ARE FAKE NO ONE IS JUST GOING TO SIT IN LIKE THIS LAME PICTURE . especially 13.5k 
Looks like the local goodwill stores
Lmao your cheap shitty clothing from China 
Marantha!

People will still but these homeless looking clothes
This Is How kanye sees the World
World war 2 prisoner clothes?
I have a pinterest now too.
1s
Your off the rails pal 
Are those your clothes? 
Is it yeezy shop ? Where’s that ?
Is this for a car boot sale?
You can dress every Orc in Mordor with that wardrobe
But those gray blues look nice, shhhh
Look like a whole Slave wardrobe
Love
Oh Dear...
#AllColorsNoShades
Bro I wish I could model for this wadrobe. Holy**** looks so icy.
#
Swear to God this rack is an art piece
Color-coded out the ass #Neutral
What an effin snooze.

Trash
Boycott

New follower... fresh of breath of realness!! Stay true to yourself and let them follow ...
Can’t afford the collection but I’ll like it #IphoneScreenShopper
Classy subdued earth colors.  Don't expect the riff raff to appreciate.
I can picture Kanye strolling through Skid Row and getting fashion ideas.
pls make more lol
Isn’t this the same shit they wear in handmaids tale?
Leftover Holocaust clothes for sale 
This makes my OCD very satisfied lol!
Oh good, guys, now he’s just tweeting pictures of rich people stuff. He’s tooootally in a good head space.
I take it Kanye isn’t one for colourful clothes
That’s some ugly shiz.
Goodwill gone wild!
Can I be one of your models this year?
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.
Looks like my closet... Gray... Black...

Will @thecampaignbook Shia LaBeouf get his credit for your inspiring your fashion line?
Your music is dead too me.
So bland and boring
Trash.
Simplicity is the key to order.
Are they shia Labeouf's clothes? @thecampaignbook

More sweats n sweaters lol yeeee

Make more music. Fashion is for victims.
Trash
Keep staying REAL!!! Thank you!!!!

┏┓   In this house,
┃┃╱╲ we are still hoping
┃╱╱╲╲ for Taylor to bring
╱╱╭╮╲╲"reputation tour"…
5000 for a bracelet

{  }                                                    }   {               {                           }
Kanye feeling very @CountingCrows - he feels 
blue and black and gray
All of the beautiful colors are very, very meaningful
Yeah, well, you know gray is my favorite color
I felt so symbolic yesterday
If I ever voted,
I would put my MAGA hat on and I’d say....
Add some color to your line. I love you, Ye.
dude they look like santa's deflated ballsack
God.
