I hate how the only thing that Kanye says he likes about trump is that he’s not a politician but became president. We need more reasons Ye
It’s almost like he doesn’t support trump but wears the hat to make a statement
He just wants to be President, Drumpt winning confirmed that he might have a chance. That's literally the only reason.
Well only is a bit far fetched but probably a major one. From tweets and what he says it seems he is economically conservative and socially liberal
I been trying to find a way to describe his views to ppl and you did it. Thanks
No prob. At the end of the day what I love Ye is doing is just bringing light to the idea of freedom of thought and not to pay attention to what others think and for them to do them.

Kanye West is a misunderstood GENIUS 

people who hate on kanye hate him because he is not afraid to speak his mind and talk about what he believes in which many cannot do now due to the fact that numerous individuals are controlled by their insecurities and low self esteem.
Kanye will keep on speaking his mind and people will continue to hate on him just because their believes/opinions aren’t the same as his, which also leads to ignorance by crowds of confused people, they start bashing him without even understanding what he is saying.
Beliefs*
Smh
This video is really important to debunking the idea that Kanye has changed or isn't in a good place or doesn't have a purpose with what he's doing. Ye is always a step ahead. In music. In fashion. Idk why now would be any different.

Let me write your next album #RapLike Kanye
I dont see any poops or scoops here. Passs


SoundClout Presents:

Playlist No. 8…
So you don't agree with half of what Pres.Trump does, what half do you agree with?
Probably the more complicated side. From just looking at what he does he seems economically with conservatives and trump and socially with liberals
Well he's following Emma Gonzalez, that says a lot... 
Yeah and he follows Candice Owens. It seems to be that he is economically conservative and socially liberal like I said
Yeah... playing both sides of the coin. I hope all this hype just isn't for album sales.
Why is it relieving?*
Kanye masturbation material.
Hey since you reply to all of Kanye's tweets can you reply to all of mine too I need more engagements
I will try! x
Thanks man
Happy to help! x
You’re not against the people Kanye. 

You’re with the people....just like Satoshi.
Pomp I’m predicting a response within a week. I think you’re right there. Full tilt. 
So this is the Kanye that the media thinks is mentally insane? So shameful they would even say that!
It's a hard path, but he hasn't stopped walking
In 8 minutes ! Flash vs Snow!  Gonna be fucking Epic! http://AfreecaTV.com/aslenglish 
ah, advertising in all the right places
The matrix is collapsing
For the better.
Kanye is a visionary
Eh
Kanye never stop what you’re doing
Drop astroworld
Video good

Hope you don’t mind that a shot you a text @kanyewest
Yeah I’m sure you did 
Ok ask @kanyewest then..
 where the screen shot ??
This is his evidence 
Lmao well I’m not going to dox him..
You literally live in imaginary land fam- imma kanye fan but you a straight meat sucker 

Low key this shit was dope
All praise be to Ye
Yeezy forever! @kanyewest the goat!! But this beat though is dope asf.
 my nigga






@niasalterego
Use this ..... do some research on it
Wrong clip bro!
Malcolm spoke on Black people voting Democrat, falling for the okie doke bs pandering over and over again
Man u are bro .... but giving away your vote like candy mmmn..  ask your self why
Hey partner I ain't trying to go where Obama, Hillary and the Bushes were trying to take us. I'm not rolling with aborting Black babies to the tune of 20 million babies / Black self genocide Democrats and New World Order have brainwashed us into. They're the enemy of God & people
How is somebody convincing you to abort your babies considered a friend. If you thought they were, You need to abort that friendship and quick fast and in a hurry, like yesterday
For every one fan you lose... you’re “gaining” 10+ new ones to replace them. Keep on keepin on @kanyewest #IsupportKanye
He literally said in this video he only respects Trump for having the ambition and drive to take the presidency, not his presidency itself... stop using him as a political prop
I don’t have to use him as a political prop... he’s making his own political statement. I can however support this right to free thinking and his choice not to follow the sheep.
You actively are using him as a political prop, though, by appropriating his fairly apolitical appraisal of Trump’s self-belief and motivation (despite disagreeing with ‘half of the things’ he says, which I can happily get behind).
His appraisal of Donald’s self-confidence really isn’t a political statement as much as it is a celebration of love and belief in oneself and the ability to forgo tremendously poor odds to achieve greatness - which, really, has been Kanye’s brand philosophy for years
I mean, political ideologies aside - and there are lots and lots of things I disagree with in terms of Donald’s political ideals, let alone wider Republicanism - you’d be silly not to respect Donald’s sheer determinism. This I can get behind.

4D?
@pierrebourne you have some explaining to do
dude looks so out of place LMAOOO





I LOVED EVERY SECOND OF THIS VIDEO
Kanye's recording studio tips: 
1. put 120 foam squares up on the wall
2. order office chairs from amazon (the good ones)
3. have a sampler and a microphone
4. Invite like 20 dudes over
I'm definitely here for him to release making-of clips for all his current projects! Gives us a better glimpse into his head space right now.

Sharing thoughts and explanations of why you believe what you believe leads to "Understanding each other".  You can always agree to disagree but understanding dispels the myths and fears that those who oppose your point of view are filled with hatred against you.
It's simply not true in most cases and that's why media tries to agitate division instead of harmony. Harmony is not good for their business or their agenda.
Dad there was alot of clarification in that video that alot of your fans appreciate. Thank you
Our reaction video to this video!
People hate what they do not understand &  only want to see life through one perspective. Those that are wise, view from various angles & appreciate life take shape.
Here for it 
First of all you are not a that of a music genius. J, Fif, Em, K. J Cole, 'Pac and B. I. G, Prince, Hendrix, MJ are genius. 2nd u are not that deep and not that bright. This songs sounds like a two year old who has just learnt 2-bars and is just happy to make a song. Song sux

“Kanye is in the sunken place” 
Kanye:

Put Dennis Prager on that list with Rush!
I’ll leave that up to you. I ran out of characters. Ha ha.

Good dialogue! On another note, T.I. sounds like an Oswald Bates skit lol.

Kanye does not agree with most of what Trump says. Rather, he appreciates the idea of freedom of thought, not necessarily the content of what is being said. You just reading the headlines, you don’t see the fine print.
the idea of free thought has been with us since at least the 17th century, u just as dumb as Kanye for trying to credit trump with that. Kanye dont read shit, and thats his words/

MAKING OF LIFT YOURSELF https://soundcloud.com/lilbeams/lift-yourselfmore …

This is the Deepstate.

This is what Kanye is all against about.

We on an ultralight beam.

Nice
Dope
This is fucking amazing

Yessss more in studio videos please
"Hopefully everyone can understand your message now. 'Make America Great Again, had a negative reception
I took it, wore it, rocked it, gave it a new direction' Added empathy, care, love and affection & ya’ll simply questioning my methods."
Say what you need to say about Kanye, but this what rap needs to get back to. Everyone is saying he is crazy, but I say he is on to something.
Kanye operating on a new operating system. God bless you for trying to deprogram them. You can do it. Keep the conversation alive, truth will prevail!
Trump/Kanye are the only Jesus archetypes of the 21st century. They are on a mission from God. The hate they accumulate for going MAGA will only amplify their stature as visionaries in time. Keep it up Kanye, I see you.
Kanye and your wife are my inspiration, please don’t change!
@kanyewest will go down as perhaps the true breaker of slave chains. Its about time credit goes to where credits due. The black community, the republicans, and @kanyewest for doing perhaps the greatest accomplishment since the berlin wall came down. @realDonaldTrump D'inGOOD JOB
@tankhuerta @LOUIED619 this is kind of huge
l love that video
Go to bed old man
Sounds like he doesn't even agree with (or know enough about) Trump's politics, he just admires that he won when everyone thought he couldn't. 

Relieving, but dumb
From what he seems to say and tweet he seems to be economically conservative and socially liberal
Kanye defending not only his thoughts but independent thought for all.
I might not fully Understand that video until I hear the final results but I get what your saying about creating your own ideas and not everbody accepting it. I guess thats why we are at war with ourselves because being common is easier to understand than being unique.
idk if i am seing things where they'rw not.-- but i love that this table in the middle it's really a bridge lower scale model
And a chessboard because Kanye is playing chess with everyone.
Kanye said he wore the MAGA hat because he like the fact that trump defied odds and became president.. People didnt like him, hes had no political experience and still ended up winning the election. He says he didnt wear the hat to make people mad
Awakening millions


I LOVE YOU
@NASAgangP_A going back to our conversation, this is worth watching.
I was just tweeting about it...even after watching it bro and listening to the song his stance still doesn’t make sense
T.I start up and down asked tht man what he agrees with trump about and Kanye gave a nonsensical half ass answer...I’m lost
Straight up*
Start Your 2uesday Off Like No Other. Greatness Awaits #CG2uesdays #CG2Week
I will when I get to school
ok i am sorry for saying that.    i got this attitude from my momma.
Our politics is corrupt especially in northern Ireland I trust none of of our politicians
This is great footage

That should be the name of the album, honestly 
 thank you
Genius
yo pierre you wanna come out here
Very sad that he even has to feel apologetic for his opinions. 
I agree with Trump  and not one hateful soul has yet to mention how he's done anything to hurt Black people.
I'm very sad for my people
Obama and Hillary really did a number on Black consciousness.
Took us backward
rappers make excuses about the opps they  “ shouldacouldawoulda” had and if they only could get beats like the majors, then they would be the shit. Well @kanyewest  just gave the world an instrumental  #liftyourself  and challenges you to make  and mocks you on verse 2 #woop
And this queen, Daz Dillinger, is calling out his boys on you?  Boys is all they will ever be. Sad little boys.
This is awesome
mike dean in there with a fat L LOL
Kanye West, Diamond & Silk,  and Candice Owen are starting the REAL CIVIL RIGHTS movement where they will help Black people be freed from the bondage of the Democrat Party that's never allowed them get off the Plantation so they could obtain wealth and independence for themselves
AMAZING
pierre!
https://twitter.com/martial_matherz/status/990726513875042304 … THREAD ON YE VS THE PEOPLE #KANYE2020
Ye vs The People is legitimately revolutionary in a few different ways. 

This is the start of his official campaigning for US presidency, he’s managed to have a Leaders debate, campaign speech & spread his own propaga…
Is there a behind the scenes for Lift Yourself 
Good people, whether Republican, Democrat or Independent should not be against you. Love is always good.
Kanye I'm starting to realize that you only like Trump bc no one believed he could become President, then it happened. Bc you want to be President it inspires you, but you don't believe in anything he does or says. Yo ass just wants to be President.

Omg literally asked for this

Who are the racists?

When did each political party elect their first black Senator?…

Really? This tired rhetoric? Are you pretending to have never read a history book or did you really never read one? The Republican and Democratic parties essentially switched in values/ideals/platforms in the 1960s during the Civil Rights movement. Please, just read a book.
You have no idea what you're talking about. ONE Democrat became a Repub (in the Senate, Strom Thurmond-NC in 1964) Name the book that tells your fairy tale? If you want to hear what REALLY happened, listen for less than 2 min from the 39 min 30 sec mark
You're not actually using a podcast by some media guy with intense conservative bias as your source, are you? Did you attend school? This would not be an acceptable source for a research paper, and I don't consider it evidenciary support for your Twitter argument either. /1
Here is an article by a historian who has been published and taught at multiple universities: https://josephkaminski.org/2016/03/15/political-parties-switch-platforms/ …. I think you will find to be a factual retelling of events as they truly occurred. #sourcesmatter
“The sketchbook is more powerful than the work of art because that’s where the joy is.” -David Hammons

Good vibez
Thank you!
The energy here is amazing, thanks for sharing it
The world needs more Ye’s
Exactly. He open minded. Trying to see the positive in everything. Never lets anyone tell him what he can’t do
“GadFly”
how do i contact you for a business idea?
pray :D

Update from Undercover Brother Kanye has hit the Clarence Thomas phase.  This case is getting serious he's consumed way to much Gernerals Fried Chicken.  We could see a Confederate shirt or remix to MJ classic PYT featuring Jared Fogel.
Wow just read the 12 year AIDS program in Africa started by George Bush has now saved 12 million lives!  What uneducated fool said he didn't care about black people?
thank you for shinning the light on arrowhead. the superior water brand.
In your quest to help change America for the better do u think there's a chance you can spread your free thinking to Britain? Serious question
My new song inspired by the god is out now #yeezy
Obama wasn't 'heaven sent'
His supporters believe he’s the 2nd coming.

Sign me now, I disagree with everything u say, but that’s how creatives prosper YE.
No cap but Ye Vs The People is in my top 15 all time Kanye songs
Me, @MEDa4OX @madlib ,

https://soundcloud.com/lordluminous/ova-ya-head …

you're that big kanye, you cannot win vs the people, this is #hiphop it was here before you and will be after you're out & i think you're on your way out #fuckkanye #FDO
Poo
Thought it was supposed to be Ye for the people.
BRING iCARLY TO BRAZIL OR YOU WILL GET THE BUTTER SOCK #icarlytobrazil
@kanyewest you have to be wise in your wisdom.  It’s not enough to receive the information - you also have to be able to express it so that others become wise from your words.
The reason you’re supporting trump is because he “did the impossible”?? There are literally millions of other inspiring people who beat all odds, why not promote them? Such an obvious disgusting promotional move that’s making it really hard to be your fan
You wore a MAGA for equality?? Did I hear that right?

Hitler did what nobody thought he could do too.  Do you respect him for that?  
Get off Trump's dick, please
Ye has won the internet

Find a way to show it, your an artist use your vision not to speak on your understanding but paint a picture. As the common saying is they are worth a thousands words!! Because some genius people are not meant to be understood, only taught by!!
KIM JUST NEEDS TO SEE THIS! @KimKardashian @kkwbeauty  (my daughter heard him on Snapchat and she was saying KKW BODY” so we made this! Haha) she’s 2!
Let the people talk. Free thoughts.
The making of this was beautiful
#TrumpWest2020
My guy @pierrebourne in the cutttt with ye 
Cool
@kanyewest @KimKardashian                Yo I feel you bruh....let Ye be Ye!
Want it to ft. @iamcardib @NICKIMINAJ @LilTunechi  I'm about done wit it..#Mistalumbreh 

What was your thoughts on south parks parody of heartless “gay fish”?
Thank you dad
"It ain't what you don't know that gets you into trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so". -Mark Twain-


"Ye vs the people" tee releasing this week only on http://www.FairfaxNatives.com 
Eat me
@Poet0fColor
Man I just got done pooping - why tf you showing me more shit?
Cus you like shit
Damn good point
Ye understands what a lot of liberals don’t seem to grasp . If you want your ideas to be considered by president trump you can’t get that done through insults and condemnation. Now when Kanye wants trump to look into something he cares about , the president will be open to listen
Respectfully I ask, is it Ye vs a manic episode?  Sadly, you will not win.
Notice the only people giving him atta boys are MAGA folks and white people hiding behind black sock puppet accounts. Son its a wrap for you and Hip-Hop.


@_SelinaMarie_
TMZ Employee speaking the truth.
I made this for you!! I will be very happy if you wear it!!
Today’s garbage. Gotta stand up to racism...dump the shoe

#kaynewest #dumpyeezy
legit
lmao pierre like
Kanye is the best not afraid to speak his mind. Love everything he said!
I completely feel you bro.    Many of them are insecure   Your saying you want to move on from that era of mentally prisoning us.        I love you ye.    Amen 
You say that what inspires you about Trump is that he did the "impossible". What no one said that he could do. Okay...I got that. Do you care HOW he did it? Do you care WHY he did it? Do you care WHAT he's doing now that he has it? #ThinkCritically @kanyewest
The Democrats will be the first person to give a man a fish, but the last to want him to learn to fish. #MAGA #Kanye #Trump #MayDay2018
kanye never fails to impress #YeVsThePeople
#Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo
Behind the scenes making of ye was very cool! Out of the box pre-production just like the song w/its commentary of what's going on. Nice Job Kanye#MAGA
Errr, yeah! Wait, wha'?
What is this website, I hope it's a fact checking website for the true numbers that translate to President Trump's success across the nation. #MAGAForAll #MAGA
Thomas Sowell is a great American and brilliant. Would love children to read about him.
@ImFun 
That same old line, “I don’t agree with half the shit Trump does”. That’s a cop out. Trump is rearranging the entire political spectrum, for the benifit of ALL Americans. And...........He’s NOT A RACIST!
@livelikeshep
No what we need is the making of “Lift Yourself,” sir.
mike deans flip flops made this hard to watch but nice other than that
Album title: Prophecies Over Profit
https://soundcloud.com/sevasimone/a-thousand-scoops … Kanye pls
 
#LetsChangeThe

“T.H.O.T Love” out now.!  go vibe to that shit share&& likehttps://youtu.be/8hEME4zi8tQ 
Wendy Williams is on point. Change that album please. Love the pic of you and your mom.
Look into Trump, Steve Harvey, Jim Brown, they are helping inner city kids with vision centers, and the Amer-I-Can program. Jim Brown recently went into Chicago to help. Jim Brown also said he's got more help from Trump then he could ask for.
so sad your so called "friends" are now trying to threaten your life. they are only proving your point. be strong.
Kanye isn’t your friend. He isn’t your enemy either. He’s the black monolith from 2001: A Space Odyssey.
@TheNicoShaut
@kanyewest is right No matter you're color we're all Americans Its ok to be democrat. Its ok to be republican Black people don't have to be democratsThe hate he's getting from the left is sickening. What ever happened to liberal tolerance Oh wait thats right double standard #maga
“We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves” Dalai Lama
Undeniably brilliant on the beats ; some of your remarks have bordered on the absurd but now that you are focusing on healing within ( forgiveness is the key ) , you have the power to heal a lot of people around you your mom is so proud 
So what's up with TI.. He's black and he made it.. Just like Kanye is saying. TI just ain't having it because like he said " some things you just don't go against" his words. That's the WHOLE problem DENIAL and refusal to listen and see another way. #1A #2a #getovrrit #QAnon
It's not a coincidence that Kanye came out the closet with his love for Trump then dropped Ye vs The People.... he baited everyone into it... that was the real making of Ye vs The People.
You should be able to think the way you want to think without people criticizing you and threatening your life. Don't worry President Trump has your back, like he does every American.
Kanye...Listen to this. Make it happen!!!  Random girl in palm beach. I have no ties to her but was blown away!  #karma
@clifordnk

@BookOfJoshua19
@KidBonus
@WLONG13 woke





Go away kanye

Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God. -Mat 5.9
Mike Dean and T.I having the smoke and of course there is an Ensonic ASR10 .......
http://I.like  tip part
Kanye is a genius @JMalldae
Hi Kanye I love how your philosophy is about interaction and how you express your thoughts through deliberating with other people. Love, noah
@Adams__Chris
awesome kanye! awesome! So proud of you
@CarlTHFC @TheLukePit watch the vid x
Dear Ye STFU. 
Legend.
This is fuckin' dope 
getting out our dreams.
Let Mel Gibson do the movie.


Love is what it is all about #WEVAPEWEVOTE and we support you 100%

BE SAFE BROTHER!!!

@ProducerJil
