Listen to the children
*kids
Go sleep.
Second time I've heard those exact words in the last 30 mins
Clearly your actions aren’t so popular
"Popular" won't feed the kids
That time hauna kesh
Sure they are! Until their parents and teachers teach them not too.
I’m not sure what kid you were, but most kids are afraid to fail and mess up... only a few of us grow out of it as adults
Just Fucking Do It! Do it! Do it! Do It!
Failure is like fear, it's nothing but a choice
@KapilGuptaMD
Did.... did you really just retweet Kanye, Jay? I sincerely hope it was sarcastic.
Not sarcastic. I like his willingness to speak his mind.
I know plenty of people willing to speak their minds. Doesn't mean they have anything worthwhile to say.
Good point, “I like ____ for speaking their mind” is a copout. The truth is I like a lot of what he’s saying. 

As much as I don’t love Trump, I DO love that libertarian/conservative ideas are finding a voice in parts of society where they were totally absent before.
It's just too bad that the inherent misogyny and bigotry that many conservatives and libertarians are bringing with them to the proverbial table are so profound. Really drowns out any message of value that they may also bring.
What I'm saying is, they should have picked a better piper.
When you can't win, flip the table.
Love and the fact that we are all here to fail... and learn... and grow... and gain the lessons that only human beings with our unique neurological makeup and only in this environment and this world and our bio-chemical response to it can learn. Lessons cannot be told only taught
Is it society that makes adults afraid to fail?
Real!

Can we be back like them ? Not afraid to fail but keep fighting. I think, it’s  because we have lots to see on internet, that’s what makes adult different than kids, adult afraid to fail ... what do you think?
I think you need to learn the english lauguage.
I don't even have the energy to argue 
@jcwhite95 Fear of failure is conditioned by adults, parents, coaches, or whoever didn't support you during your times of struggle. COACHES are horrendous for this. The type of coaches who scream at kids for making mistakes are the biggest culprits of kids being afraid to fail.
So true! They’re afraid to fail only after learning from us it’s not okay
Yes and they can be fearless
Lol , he needs to smoke my weed
Failure is the road to success if one learns from his or her mistakes.
Are you a teacher?
My kids have never been afraid of using #Bitcoin or holding their own keys. 
(We use @EdgeSecure)

#OpenSource #MultiAsset #2FA #mobile #private #secure #blockchain #crypto #livefree #Consensus2018
So proud! My son used his @Airbitz wallet to pay for dinner at our #Bitcoin meetup. 

Those kids don't have a mind of their own just yet.
my art is entertaining kids in a room full of adults who are dying to jump in.Fear holds them http://back.My  job is to be the reflection of who they wish to be .FREE! & teach them that on the other side of the fear is pure BLISS so JUST JUMP#rebelliouskidsatheart
Lol
Drop the song with Travis and uzi
I’m fucking hungry lmao
Unless parent(s) scream at them from day one when they attempt anything!
Is thats why your joining Trump get #strap
Because they have a support system to catch them when they do. That's why consequences aren't real to kids. Dont be like kids.
What a freakin genius. He's probably the 347,653 rd person to say that. Yet it sounds so unique when Kanye says it.  What we we do without his sharing such wisdom? Tool.

People won't believe it till they see it @kanyewest
And they say exactly what they thinking no curves no bends no influences. Mike Jack seen this too
Well some but I think it's there loving innocent trust and faith.
I would start a swimwear line for those who have an #ostomy
I'd say the exact opposite. Kids are often the most afraid to fail, they've been told the first 18 years of their life that if they fail school, they will fail life.
Smh Jesus
We are all children of god Omari, don’t forget that
Trophy’s for all. Or for one. Which is it?
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
I believe the  children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside. 
#YOTS
What the lie is that
So true. I was fearless as a kid. Adulthood can really take a toll on people.
Yeezus walks.
If they afraid to fail its we (society) that frames that work. You have to fail in order to succeed
My experience as a girl was to be socialized  from every direction to fear failure above everything jsyk
Not being afraid to fail can be a double-edged sword tho.
Speak English.
This tweet is upsetting.
I can ghost wrote or edit for you. Call me.

Or laugh to laif
Or get hurt trying to succeed.  It’s grown folks telling them what they can’t do. 
West... You are on probation... Do it.
And another thing, unlike we've been told to fear and believe, to children no one is a stranger. They make friends instantly. No barriers, just boom friends. We could learn so much from these beautiful souls, instead we're always trying to teach them to be more like us.
Where did you get that idea?
I see what you’re trying to say, but you need to try a bit harder
some aren't, some are
They learn that from parents. Children are like clay they are molded based on their environment and end up the products of that environment. If it be good, good kid. Bad, bad kid. But we all start out as innocent sweet lambs. God bless them.
That’s real there! Solid
Why put a shout out to one kid at Parkland High School    There are others with Independent Thinking
Thank you Kanye for your courage.
Then they go to scool and by the time they graduate, they learned to be afraid of failing.
Oh and some fail alot... like alot alot
Failure, at times, is the best education...
Your father in law transformed into a woman answer it honestly have you fukd IT
Yes they are
Penis.
Why..are you afraid to fail?
◄ Matthew 18:3 ►
Parallel Verses
New International Version
And he said: "Truly I tell you, unless you change and BECOME LIKE LITTLE CHILDREN, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.
The Monkey within is the source of all of fear. We all carry it. It is a remnant of our former evolutionary stage. Our emotion emanate from it.
You didn't do grammar and subject verb relation...I don't blame you...I was a big fun but you turned into the wolves you wrote...
he said: "Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven. Matthew 18:3. Blows my mind!
This sentence makes no sense
Yep and the hare not Rscist like your adopted Daddy
This is a great breakdown of this concept:
That's because children don't comprehend failure until you tell them they failed. 

You teach them to fail, They don't inherently know this
What... lmaooo
Hence Lift Yourself 
They haven't been taught the concept of failure. You know what else I love about kids? When they accomplish something they get excited, "Look! I did it!" they're so happy. Later on, society teaches them to not be show offs and to hide their happiness in their own accomplishments.
God dude fuck OFF

That’s not true. My son is super Type A and has always been afraid to fail. He was born a perfectionist. Your assertion is incorrect
But how do you get past that? Ever since I was a young child It’s always been my biggest fear
Yeah kids are pretty fearless ..until their parents  put the  fear god in them .. so they  can survive and hopefully one day  soar
You would be better off campaigning to the kids so that they can teach the programmed adults. Its surprising how much we learn from our kids.
People aren't afraid to fail, We just arent movited to get started!
You should also encourage children to fail and point out how they failed so they can learn and grow and be the best they can be
The Democratic Party is afraid wether you press the red button and reset the people's system. Then they'll be awake and able to open their eyes for good. They'll realize how stupid and liers Chuck Schumer,  Nancy Pelosi & Elizabeth 'Pocahontas' Warren are
Not this generation! They fail because they don’t take risks. Everything is accessible and given to them. Growth cannot be gained in that state. They are lost.
Because they are never allowed to fail.  So why fear it (failure).  #lifewithasafetynet
I have this thing called parcc tomorrow at school and I’m terrified
The fact you have the white right loving you is genius. Aaaaand hilarious as well.
Really though heres a video of my daughter Gabrielle just dancing away, don't care who's watching and just doesn't give a care in the world. I feel we've lost this as we grow. Afraid of how we may appear, afraid if we fail at what we enjoy doing that we won't get up to do it.
1000%incorrect 

All the fears adults have originate during the development years.

Take some college classes.
In their young minds they feel that they have the time to fail without any great loss. As we get older time becomes more precious...failure becomes less of an option.
Man..what? This shit is going completely off the rails Get some rest Dude. Hydrate. Meditate. Have an edible. Do a damn thing else but tweet #cutitout
Kanye West has suddenly become a philosophical rapper.  Can you say that in a rhythmic obscene beat?  Your fans may not understand it,  but they can dance to it.
The left has half of our youth so brainwashed that they volunteer their own time/energy to destroy their own country, & take away all their freedoms & liberties, and believe it's for righteous reasons
Kids are dumber then a box of rocks nowadays
@kanyewest 

"And he said: "Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven." - #SonOfMan

You are in a sensitive place, being challenged. I will pray that #TheFather above guide you in truth.

#ChurchInTheWild
Maybe because they are told the lie that EVERYONE'S a winner!
What have you done to make kids lives better? Kids idolize copy you and live the lyrics in your videos. The Nastiness of what you rap about and that VULGAR video with your wife gyrating Sex on that motorcycle was Vile and they don't need to hear anything else about the ghetto
Kids are actually all insecure little shits who make up lies about unlocking Batman in Goldeneye 64 who then get mad if you call them out on it
Love this! So true, I see it in my son every day! So much we can learn from our children!!

They can’t be afraid of something if they don’t know it exists.
You are going to screw your kids up.  Between your craziness and Kim's naked pics. Grow up for your kids sakes.
Children not kids. “Kids” are baby goats. 
#potus recently removed Fed influence on state control of schools! No child left behind (all children left behind) is being dismantled! #maga
The most honest people are kids and the elderly. Kids asks questions based entirely on what they see or want to know. They have no regard to etiquette or “politeness”. The elderly knows but doesn’t care.
We cannot learn without making mistakes/ embrace mistakes / admit / do better
Abused kids are afraid to fail.
So why are you so hard headed then?

What?

I’d rather be a rock n roll looser than to say I never tried
I see it every day sir in the kids I teach. All will try everything until they learn yo be afraid of things....
So true. And they are not judgementle.
Because as a parent / teacher we dust them off and try again .
Or of rejection

psychologically
Fear, especially fear of failure is a learned characteristic, taught by society. #PreachbrotherYe
Facts
"My cousin caught a body, another one was bodied, another one in prison tryna study up on Gandhi" something for my city,hope y'all like it  
Mate my body struggles to let me fall onto a mattress, what kids do you talk to?
Wtf did you just say?
OSHOOOOO
That's because because they don't have bills to pay yet. Next....
Kids (little people really) are born pure...... then look what happens.......thought....
If every baby quit trying to walk every time he fell down, we would all still be crawling.
thats how you got to play iT.  So I dont get a messiah complexlol so i aint afraid to fail. fail what? what never fails?

-The Riddler
watch i rewrite this sh>it like iT was nothing.  What is associative play. aint no question marks. i broke em all. im sorry. it was a accident. I warned em


my son move like a toad get drunk speak in codes

Yes I am
Children learn thru cause and effect.
Not everyone has the security you do IF you fail... spent too much time in the limelight and it shows through your ignorance
grow up, you're a father
#YeChildOfGod
Amen! 
And they are honest. I love the way they tell the truth.
They lack the inhibitions that hold adults back. Because they have a parental safety net
What is a Moonchild @johnlegend @LizCrokin @KimKardashian
you need to spend some time in our school system...
Kids do not have ego. Our ego is what holds us back.
Unfortunately, that’s not true. Some children are oppressed from a very young age resulting in fear to fail. Also mental illness can step in and push for failure too. You’re right with the rest though.
Love
I disagree. Kids for the last 20 years have been protected from failing. Kids learned that everyone gets a trophy so no one loses. I dare say that is part of the Resist problem, they are not accepting the results of the 2016 election.
Check out a parkland survivor @KyleKashuv!!!  

He’s never talked about by msm because he’s pro trump @kanyewest
Or tell the truth.
i wish i was there when you took taylors mic. ya feel me? u gettin my vibe?
I found that to be true if it doesn't involve their Dad......
I'm sorry if dad wasn't involved. I  did, he makes me complete. I forgave him in 1981 when I fell to my knees when Christ made himself real. He is dying now, it's real.
Or tell the unfiltered truth.
good thing u aint afraid of it.cuz yo' new philosopher image is gonna fail sooooo bad, Blacretes!
If you tell a child the picture they drew is amazing, the best you've ever seen, without explanation. They'll probably keep drawing the same picture. That's when the begin to be afraid to fail and their creativity suffers.
stupid autocorrect
Sorry but many young people are medicated for anxiety
Punctuation might help the literate amongst us...
I’m finding myself in agreement with you a lot lately. I’m in Calabasas. A few beers at 8:00 PM tonight?
Is this English?
Donald Trump is TERRIFIED to fail, which is why he cannot take any criticism, nor admit he's wrong.

He also ACTS like a child, cause he's had everything handed to him his whole life.

Maybe the most unrelatable human in the world.
What does this even mean??
Don't be Bullied Kanye  !! Your children are the Future  !!! Don't back down and teach them well !!!
Because they know if the fail at the end of the day they will eat and have a place to stay me they will throw my a$$ out
They*
Everything you tweet, us wise people already know! Maybe you need to open your mind to learn from people instead of thinking you know it all, my husband thinks he knows it all too:)
That's because they can afford it.
Kids need to be given the correct facts not someone’s interpretation of facts and allowed to form their own opinions based on the real facts.
Until pedophiles prey on them. It’s time to stand up for the children. #ProtectOurKids

You are being way to conservative if 100% of your attempts succeed.  Failures are not fun but should be a learning experience.  That learning experience often leads to something very successful.  Read about Thomas Edison.  Do not quit.

#TakeAChance
#DoNotQuit
Nothing wrong with failure, it means your trying! As long as one learns from the mistakes, it’s all good!
And truthful
Yes they are, I’m a teacher. Kids will literally not try to keep from failing, even though they’re failing . I think people need to realize that a failure at one thing doesn’t  equate to your whole being.
Bitcoin is anti-fragile Kanye.

You can’t kill ideas.
The idea of our own mortality becomes more real over time so we end up trying to play everything safe.
Stop acting crazy.  Your family deserves better
Your really starting to annoy me
Make music not tweets 
you must not have seen a child throw an entire fucking fit just because they can't close their juice before

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 


It’s the glory of youth @kanyewest! Life experiences change people.
Psychology.
Children do not live in the past, nor are they worried about the future. They live in the only moment that counts, present moment, the here and now. Ever curious, adventurous and open for everything in life.
Matthew 18:3
Yes they are.
They're not afraid to love
