So now you're on Twitter bad mouthing president Obama? You're a bitchass. I'll never buy another Kanye west cd. Chicago is your home too. What have you done? You're rich. Did you go back and do anything? Did you get involved in your community?
I have a right to disagree and have an opinion as well and I expressed it, as he did. For Him to be on twitter showing support for a racist, and then making derogatory comments about President Obama may not make him a bad person, but it does call his judgement into question.
How is staying the truth about Chicago disparaging to Obama. You have a right to ur opinion, it’s wrong..
Because he's making it sound like its Obama's fault when its no more his fault that it is Trumps.
That’s his home, he was freaking president for 8 years. He could have done SOMETHING
It’s Kanye’s home too, he could do SOMETHING... Also, look up the “my brothers keeper” program. It’s just a little something that Obama dabbled in during his time in office; a mentorship program helping urban areas (like Chicago)
Kanye is a hip hop artist. We’re talking about what a two term Pres did
#MAGA
#OBAMAGATE
#OBAMAGATE #USA
Wondering exactly *WHAT* #ObamaGate is? 

It’s WHY they’re SCARED

…
Its political correctness gone amuck.
You were born in Chicago. I think it’s more your responsibility than it is Obama’s. When are you going to fix Chicago Kanye?

Sure it did - it got WORSE as he flooded Chicago with Mexican gangs, drugs, violence and more welfare to keep us all down & oppressed. Dems have ALWAYS been racists but now we are waking up & screaming the truth! WELCOME TO THE LIGHT
I didn’t know the president focus would be set on one community and not the nation as a whole.
Obama is the reason Syrian Christians like me have lost nearly everything - and many loved ones. Not only did Obama continue Bush's wars, but expanded them from 2 to 7. He also expanded Bush's drone program - which has led to 66,000 civilian deaths - majority women and children.
Obama funded, armed, and trained, with the Saudis and Qataris, terrorists in Syria to overthrow our government - this resulted in the destruction of Syria, deaths of countless Syrian civilians, and the murder and persecution of Syrian Christians.
Everybody was too busy watching Obama dance on Ellen and crack jokes on Fallon to notice the genocide he was helping to commit with the Saudis and Qataris against my people, Syria's Christians.
And he caused the hole in the ozone in your mind I'm sure
Preach it Kayne!  Look at Chicago and the young black men that are being killed in a daily basis.. where is Barack and  Sharpeton???  I tell you they  do not care!!!!
You know whats so funny now all of a sudden these republicans who were rejecting celebrity influence now want to embrace #kanye. Yall some dick riders
Too bad you never learned basic civics.  The president is no more responsible for local crime than he is for your outbursts.

Local officials such as mayor and governor are responsible for their municipalities.

Basics dude...Basics.

#CIVICS
Macro economics, jobs, economic growth help communities, not welfare.  Get it straight fool.
But, change begins with one person at a time.  Besides being radical, start doing some positive stuff to bring change.
And what has Trump done for the people in Flint, Michigan?
#Obama knew about #FlintWaterCrisis for over a year.  A YEAR!!!!  Why did HE do nothing?
You're saying this as if Trump hasn't been office for a year...?
April 2014 is when the #FlintWaterCrisis really ramped up.  #Obama did NOTHING.  He was in office 3 1/2 years after it all started.
What has Trump done?

Yeah sis, I'm still waiting like..
100 million to flint water problems in march of 2017...now Trump did follow through with what #Obama planned AFTER 4 years of knowing what was happening.  4 years AND we had to get his sorry add out of office.  #Obama #badpresident #rotinhell #plantationowner
Why
Mr. West, With all do respect, you are behaving like a person in need of psychiatric intervention. You seem to have lost insight. I hope those close to you can help.
No one will read this or Care but sometimes late at night I like to dress up in an orange track suit and wear a green hat and sit in my mother’s garden and pretend I’m a carrot.
Out of all the comments, this one makes the most sense to me.
Ya I'm sure Trump will fix it

make him a whole playlist of it
Did you discuss this with him? You had 8 years. Where was this energy?!

im tired bro
Leave him.
Lmao "leave him" 
Dame Dash the CEO....@RealCandaceO, @RichardBSpencer, "SIG!  Don't make me chop up fellas have to call the cops on fellas order helicopter fellas....nicca!  I'm a rock a fella what nigga for rock a fella shit I will rock a fella DAMN!  (Heavy breathing)"
Please remind me again why Beanie Sigel is proud of his family?
Keep selling out shit stain
Please explain this doofus...
Talk To rahm Emmanuel son

And what did you do???
Ya might want to look at what Obama was handed when he took over as president of the US, not the city of Chicago. The city gov't passes laws for Chicago. Obama had a recession (really a dpression) to deal with & did a helluva job with it. 1/
But you let RWNJs tell you that Dems don't care about POC, because Russia is pushing them to convince you, and you're making it easy for them to win again so we lose our Democratic Republic. He's turning the US into an authoritarian regime. Listen to anyone who studied history.2/
But keep claiming you're a free-thinker while repeating RWNJ/Russian talking points. People will believe you magically came up with all the same talking points on your own. Sure, sounds legit. The racist is much more likely to help POC than the Black man. Sure. Yeah. 3/3
Selling designer white tees is the surefire way to stop violence.
what has "changed" since this administration began? trump's been in office one year and a few months & everyone around him is either quitting, being fired or testifying against him lmao
Agreed.  But Obama DID bring over a million of his illegal 3rd world Islamic terrorist "buddies"  to America under the guise of Syrian refugees which they were not.  So glad you're on Pres. Trump's side.  Well done.
LOL what? Obama let in ~16,000 Syrian refugees. Why do you say they aren’t refugees? How many of them have committed terrorist attacks?
Can’t wait to see what Trump is going to do for Chicago and black people.
What did you want to happen. Blame local government. What is President Trump doing to help the city of Chicago?
if you are doing Pro America stuff now I would love to see you walk out on my Aunts show. @therealroseanne retweet
Uggghhhhh.... 

Maybe you should blame the mayor and city council of Chicago, first?

#moron
Obama was president of Chicago? But serious question: is the expectation for the POTUS to fix the local problems in every city? Major cities? Some cities? Their home city? What is the expectation from the POTUS when we are taking about local crime/problems/issues?
I feel like Kanye is the only rapper that’s not brainwash.
Don’t let people bully you ..thanks for saying what you did..so people don’t like it ..that’s there problem not yours..this bullying here on Twitter and the bias media..just shows they are trying to get you to change your mind..Stand Strong..you get to have YOUR own opinion
Why do you all have such atrocious grammar???? It’s “their”, not “there”. It’s “biased media” not “bias media”. Your punctuation, gah. You people look uneducated. It’s depressing af to know this is what our American education system breeds now.
Racial division in the US was at its worst when Obama was in office. He did nothing for anyone but himself and the Clintons.
Have you been living out of the country for the past year?
Neo you drunk big guy... take a nap real quick
Dont mind if I do, if it gets me away from the stupidity that is all of you liberal junkies, Absolutely I will
Respect to you @kanyewest and @realDonaldTrump I Love you both #KAG

@VoteBrit As the previous person pointed out.. And I'll say it Bluntly.. At least when he was Citizen Trump he slept with Women, Beautiful Women (just look how gorgeous his wife is.. Jealous aren't you).. You my dear are a damn Disgrace
Look at the Joe Biden Photo Collage.. Now that is Creepy..
Except more expensive healthcare. #ThanksObama 
Mine got cheaper, don't know about you.
So what has trump done for chicago? Please tell me.
Sent in the feds...
And that's helped how?
If you are so concerned...tell us what you have done to help change it?
Ha ha all the trumphumpers now supporting Kanye....yeah the ones who can't stand the Hollywood "elite" what a joke they are. LMFAO....
What you don't get is that Kanye has divorced himself from the Hollywood elite by taking this stand-LMFAO
@kanyewest as a Chicago DJ I’m gonna damn sure your weak ass music won’t get played you Fuck’n idiot. I’ll also make sure no Chicago radio station plays your sorry shit. You pussy !!!
Sure, and freedom not to play his tunes too.
Sure, it works both ways. But you missed the point, so.....keep your blinders on and keep on keepin on!
Point is he’s incorrect. A lot of shit got done. @kanyewest is off his meds or either his mama Brest fed him too long.
Point was, he has freedom of speech and honestly Im almost certain he don't give a F what you say. 
How could he ? His head is stuck in his ass. Just like yours.
Paul, Paul, Dear Paul, Jealous much? Gotta run...Have fun hater!
FYI, Obama tried to make changes. Republicans blocked him every time. And when Democrats had control, and it was for a very short amount of time, Obama was able to push a couple things through, but then what happened?
What have done yourself to your country??!!
Obama was everybody’s president, not Chicago’s Mayor.
What morons don't get! He was President of the United States he served us all! Not President of Chicago! He made it possible for more Americans to have access to healthcare! He saved the auto industry which had a residual effect countrywide! He stabilized our economy! Look it up!
So he's not allowed to be criticized. Got it.... Theres no nihilism here. Politicians are your gods.
He can be criticized but when you criticise someone you should make sure that you got your facts together and understanding of how things work. Kanye doesn't have either.
I think Kayne does. His conclusion can be different than yours. He probably knows a few things that you don't. He's been opening himself to new ideas.
If he knew how shit works he wouldn't be sitting here birching about how Obama didn't fix all of Chicago's problems when for the majority of his presidency, Republicans were refusing to work with him for literally zero good reasons. He's opening himself up to take an L.
The president only has so much control. But Chicago needs to be in the spotlight. They're literally the murder capital of the 1st world. More people are killed there every year than the rest of the country by far. Its disgusting. Maybe the federal government should try something
Flint Michigan isn't a priority? So Baltimore isn't a priority? The list goes on and on of the focus of the President and the local leadership! You tell me what is the priority of us as a nation! Not just my little corner of the world! For us as a nation where should the focus be

Not to take away from Kanya's EXCELLENT point here but things DID change in Chicago during the 8 years that Obama was ILLEGALLY in the White House - THINGS GOT WORSE IN CHICAGO during those 8 years.
Oh, I see you bought into the whole birther movement. Please remove yourself from the gene pool, it's swampy enough w/o you.
Awww, she muted me.
The Change (hope&change) was for America to be like Chicago. Mission almost accomplished;untill #WeThePeople awoke and elected @realDonaldTrump now we are #KAG #MAGA

#RidgeReaper68

@chancetherapper May have done waaay more for chi than you tho.. no?
Is that the reason you were this close to him?
Now is not the time to blame Obama. Become the change you want scene in Chicago
You’re FROM Chicago...and have had a voice twice as long... what HAVE YOU CHANGED?!?!!! FOH KANYE!!
Kanye doesn’t have the power to install policies or legislation. But guess who did? Obama. So no you gtfo.
No sir. Pres doesn’t  have power over states rights or Congress! He cannot bring Nat Guard UNLESS Gov allows it. He cannot change gun laws. Watch after Sandy Hook, he tried but Congress would not allow votes brought to floor on gun control. GUNS FROM IN & MI KILLING CHICAGO KIDS!
Tell em SHARON TELL EM!
Lmao
Obama tried to pass gun legislation,  but the republicans blocked and voted no on everything. So don't blame Obama solely. You think trump will be able to change Chicago?
#MAGA #QAnon #2a #1a #AmericaFirst #TGIG @realDonaldTrump 
Newsflash: Obama was not the mayor of Chicago.
And you’ve been in the game for how many years?  I’m still waiting for u to top “Golddigger.”  Obama - still going high. Kendrick Lamar - Pulitzer Prize winner.  Now that’s range.  And your prez went on a Kanye rant yesterday. We’ll see how that works for him
But @SnoopDogg though 
Thank you for saying the truth. Over 3,900 blacks were murdered in Chicago by other blacks in a city with the strictest gun laws. Criminals don't follow the law this is where the Anti gun mob loses their argument. Law abiding citizens are the only people hurt not the criminals
So what exactly have you don't for Chicago? Lately? Anything?
because he was too busy focusing on the nation as a whole. and you don’t even live there anymore.
Trump has been in office for an year and a half and nothing has changed in Chicago. So what's your point again
you answered that in your own tweet sit down sweetie
Your lack of punctuation and capitalization, exposes you as an obvious Russian bot. You're not fooling anyone.
Your use of a comma after the word capitalization exposes you as someone who has no business commenting on other people's grasp of the written language.
I want to know who @resistantancezone was tryna come for cause I know he didn't call me a russian bot
Yeah, I called you a Russian bot. And I stand by it.  You and your buddy over here, chiming in, like he's going to save you from this "L".
1. Look at my layout its stan twitter
2. I have 12k tweets that are relevant 
3. No fuckint russian bot stans wwe
You're a clown. That's all it is to it. But, that's totally expected considering you think Trump give a flying fingering about Chicago. 
You're learning the talking points
Now say this "duhhhh, people will still get killed if you pass gun laws."
Lincoln was a republican
It's true. Mlk would have been one too
What part of illegal do you not understand?
George Bush doesn't care about black people......oh,wait a minute....
Tides go in, tides go out.  You can't explain that.
Sorry, I farted. The tides will calm down in no time.

Facts
FACTS


If you’re going to post something and feel all superior and smart because of it, at LEAST make sure it has proper grammar. You’re just making yourself look like a fool now, sweetie.
Troll...
Well he wasn't voted President of Chicago.
He does this drama every time he has something to promote. Look up all the big dramas. They all happen right before a album or single release, promoting someones stuff or a tour date. #AllHype #marketingtips He blows up and everyone pays attention to him. #MarketingStrategy

So Chicago is all better now with Trump? Somehow you’ve lost your way. Sad too.
Give us a list of what you've done for your own Chicago. Chance The Rapper acts while you just talk shit a bit like your BFF Donny. You're perfect for each other.

OMG! BAHAHAHAHA!
And the winner is...white Kanye baby!

I laughed when I read this tweet but I’m believing it more and more.
As soon as I saw it, I felt like he was right. You know Kanye thinks it should have been him.
I truly believe his ego has plunged him into this whole dramatic ploy for attention. Like “Since Y’all obviously don’t appreciate what I’ve done for the culture - take this shit!”
Gurl, YES.
Haha..so transparent. He hasn’t been right in the head since Donda.
I agree. She died suddenly, he never dealt with it, and he’s been getting worse and worse. Mentally, he’s gone. I feel sad for his kids.
Me too. You know being married to that vapid camera whore doesn’t help. If he could get away from her and surround himself with something other than the Kardashian cancer, he would probably be on the right track to getting better.
I agree. I can’t see the Kardashian’s being loving or supportive at all.
IF U EVER have the opportunity to engage in a private audience w/President Trump,U are Obligated 2speak on behalf of the poor&oppressed, especially Black Americans.We have NO Representatives in Congress that will Do this! They’re ALL SUCKERS!
cc: @KimKardashian @chancetherapper
The #1 Order Of Business shall be to: Establish under the Protection Of The U.S. Constitution, #Inalienable, #HumanRights, Natural Rights & LEGAL Citizenship,of Black “Americans”=Persons born in USA, the descendants of Africans kidnapped &trafficked to USA to serve as Slaves!
IF you hold a meeting with Mr. Trump to discuss ANYTHING other than This Order, then YOU TOO, are parasite of and to, The Black Community! And you can use your autographed #MAGA cap, for TOILET PAPER! #DragonEnergy
What did YOU do to make a difference to Chicago?

What will you do tomorrow to help those less fortunate?

James Shaw Jr saved lives. He raised money for the victims murdered by a gunman at a Waffle House.

Who are you?
Put your money where your mouth is...instead of tweeting pictures of your closet and expensive furniture, use your fortune for the greater good and stop complaining. Or should i say "free thinking" aloud.
chicago is within driving distance of 2 states with laxer gun laws (Indiana especially) so it’s a special scenario and not valid to use as an example of gun control “not working”
You’ve been making money from 1996.... have you tried to help Chicago? (Genuinely asking)
What have YOU or those you support done for Chicago?


You've been on twitter for years and nothing has changed.. Still a bore and publicity hawk..
Republicans made SURE of that!

NOW you blame Obama... for GOP obstructionism being so effective

They swore an oath, like they did against Paul of Tarsus to do all they can to stop him. 

And you stood there, with your arms folded...

Keep in mind the Senate kept Obama stagnate with everything he attempted
Nothing. Yeah. All the people finally able to get their healthcare needs met are nothing to you, I guess. 
Wow, seriously? Nothing changed? What planet  do you live on? just stop .  Stop!
Shows howignorant you really are. Which is why I never supported you shows or your clothes. I just find people who have them and borrow them for photos because of how stupid hype your fan base is. You’re a great music producer, but politically you’re unaware. You’re Uncle Rukus

Could it be that @kanyewest is the catalyst to get black people off of the #democrats new plantation?  Love the free thinking @kanyewest keep it up!!!!  It can change the world!
What have you done for Chicago?
I think you’re right!
and trump goin be president for prob 8 years and still nothin goin change in Chicago sooo
Oh god I hope not this year has been long enough... 8 SMH lord help us
hmm true true but still the point is nothing is going to change w him being President
Oh yeah believe me I know
And what have you done
He isn't president
U are right so until he does or attempt to be, maybe he should stay in his lane.  Rap and please rap something positive for his young fans
Obama didn't do anything for black people and they were his most loyal base
Why do we fight ourselves all the time, did you really think one man will make a difference in your life. A man that they called his wife a monkey, so what do you think they called him. Name 1 President that’s done anything that made your life better
Well, he provided low income people of Chicago with health care for starters. Saved many Chicagoans lives. Is that not enough?  Also he didn't support a party that wants black people back in chains. But you obviously do.
Since you think you know everything please enlighten us as to how that's President @BarackObama s fault.

I'll be over here waiting. Just let me know when you've figured all this out.

P.S. It sure as hell hasn't gotten any better under @realDonaldTrump has it?
I think you just wanna go against the grain since Jay-Z spoke out again Trump.
How much is trump paying you Kanye to pretend to be his “brother” friend, and fan?
What have you changed? #yousuck
Trump says he a stable genius.
Kanye, a God.

Both ego maniacs.
Both in desperate need of psychiatric evaluations...again.
because some black peoples don't know how to act right
i love Obama
How have you used your platform to help Chicago, your home? Just curious.
Don’t see you doing shit either
You’re literally just tweeting crap to make you and your family have publicity and stay relevant pls stop.
Chicago has been crime-free since Trump was sworn in. #ThoughtLeaders
We'll talk about Obama later, now lets talk about ur kid.

God bless you Kanye for telling the truth. God and his angels will watch over and protect you and your family for following the truth.
What’s changed in Chicago since IQ 45 has been in office?
I’m sure the level of hate has been kicked up a notch since the moron became our fearless leader.
#Facts and you also have been rich longer then he was in office and chance does more for your city then both of y’all....
It was never about Obama. It was about who followed. Donald Trump hates black people wake up.

But why didn’t you @ him 
Why don't u use ur dragon energy to change it?
Yo @JoeBiden you gonna let him diss your bro like this
Miss West looking down from heaven like....
Sellout
What if u used ur $100 mill house + business to invest in Chicago youth and help them from their “self oppression” and release them from “victim mentality” do u think there would be less mass incarceration and homelessness violence 
Huh
Come on Mr. West politics aren’t just about one person when Obama was in office the republicans had the house, Trump has majority party support, and Obama did do things.
@kanyewest SMH, If it really concerns you...YOU HAVE THE POWER TO IMPACT CHICAGO COMMUNITIES POSITIVELY. YOU GO MAKE THE DIFFERENCE.
#ignorantTwat
Young Jedi Master Kanye EVERYTHING CHANGED -- for the worst Chicago PLUNGED into CHAOS from which it is only now beginning to emerge under the Inspired Leadership of Donald Braveheart Son of Miriam
What does Obama have to do with Chicago?  Shouldn’t you be speaking and criticizing the local leadership?
What have you done for Chicago?
Kanye Kardashian.  enough said.
Kanye God is with you watch the movie on Netflix "Come Sunday" True story about 1 black man who followed the truth.
And you’ve been “singing”. Just as long.....and damn near ruined the entire music industry.  #GetPsychologicalHelp

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Tom_syndrome …
You've been famous longer than that where's your attemp at change for Chicago 
Obama was a little busy running the whole country that was on its way into recession when he took office
did squat for Puerto Rico.
He did better than our own mayors who kept the goodies for themselves. (Many of them) and our SJ governor was a divider. Made politics out of tragedy.
WHAT SAN JUAN GOVERNOR? THERE IS NO SUCH A THING! SAN JUAN IS A CITY. REGARDING OBAMA: HE  DID NOTHING WHATSOEVER  FOR PUERTO RICO! AND YES: THE COMMUNIST MAYOR WE SUFFER IN SAN JUAN NOW IS A MISERABLE DIVIDER, AN ANTI USA MARXIST WHO IS USING OUR TRAGEDY TO ENHANCE HERSELF!
Lol that's what I meant. Is there a problem with your caps?
Not at all. I like font diversity, lol!
 mi orgullo <3 Poncena.
Del maravilloso pueblo de las quenepas!!
You have been alive for 40 years - nothing has changed.
Supporting you a bunch more right now, good job @kanyewest
@Cristian_H8 get your mans
Nah, Chicago only believes in this one rapper
Never loved you more lol
Help make that change
What have you done for Chicago?
Congrats on getting your name back out there. You're tagged as a douche now, but, hey, no such thing as bad publicity, right, chucklehead?
Freedom! Let it run over you,  brother!
You don't even go there......
Go away.

Like Michael Jackson said change starts with the man in the mirror.idont recalling the 8 yrs that @BarackObama was prez that you tried to get anything done there either...
So true
What happen to the @kanyewest that spoke out about Bush not caring about black people. You got new money and new friends. You suppose to stand up for the people not through your people under the bus. If he is your friend what is he gonna do for you or the community you come from
Kanye who? Not worth listening to. Alexa: delete all Kanye songs and tweets please.
How much is @realDonaldTrump paying you to tweet this bullish*t
Worst thing about all this that “Make America Great Again” hat was too small for his head! 
I keep saying ignorance has no place in twitter ville
#mybrotherskeeper #googleit
Exactly right. In fact, it got worse and he didn't care.
Why don’t you make the changes needed in Chicago instead of waiting for government to make changes and then complaining you don’t like the changes that were made. Start with anti-gang violence PSA
You know how great you are when your haters kept your name in their mouth. Obama has been out of office for 2 yrs and the racists and the brown ppl who support the racists still talking. #neverlikeyouanyway #urmusicismedicore#everybrownpersonaintBLACK#dontbeused
@chancetherapper has done more Chicago than you. Get on his level!
Really? I realize that you’ve had mental health issues, but really?  I sure hope you feel better soon. 
I’m so sorry that they knock you Unconscious “let us pray”
With you and your wife a lot has changed and not in a good way!
Remember when Obama once called you a jack ass? He was right

This logic sounds familiar, oh wait that's the same logic Barack's half brother used to support Donald Trump that Barack did nothing for africans.
Kanye just is really insecure so he needs attention and constant validation otherwise he’ll killl himself...
@kanyewest You have similar talents like Trump. You and him can high five each other with your peanut hands and compare tweets seeing that you like tweeting as much as he does. Both of you like to blow hot air perhaps you should use that hot air for some good.
You were in the WH and nothing changed except maybe the very few people that possibly had a shred of respect for you no longer do. Publicity stunt....FAIL
Bitch, when was the last time you were in chicago?
And what have YOU done for Chicago, or any city for that matter?
Kanye you are not the brightest candle on the cake
Bet you never asked Bush or Clinton about fixing problems in their hometowns. You know why that is? Because what you call "Free thinking" is basically adapting rightwing attack lines. That is not free thought.
....except the murder rate. 
Pathetic
My brother, he was POTUS, not pres. of Chicago. He was the representative of all America — not a single city. To equate his success or failures with the happenings of one city among many, many cities in 50 states of this great union of States is just...ignorant.
And what has your new boyfriend done to help the Americans in Puerto Rico? Or do you not care because you sold your soul to the white man Nazi lover? Your career is over. Buh, bye.
Sick mofo
Democrats run Chicago they have turned it into a war zone people are dying daily it's a shame! Democrats are Americas new fascists just like the old Nazi fascists, not a bit of difference
