More like conye west. Dafuq outta here with this bullshit
Tony Spackman, former designer for Nike

go off king
i think we should change the name. is too personal. it talks about you. it should have a more universal name.
Is he not the one who created it? He himself is a brand. That’s where YEEZY comes from.
i know, but i think its better being sonething else. it doesnt sound so cool tho... not for furniture o cars. u understand whta i mean?
Michael Jordan>Jordan’s 
just snickerssss we are talking about something bigger... u cant name a school yeezy school is rodiculous man cmon
Then you wonder why Nike skipped your ass... bc you be stealing from their archives... like you just did at this post
Tony Spackman, former designer for Nike.
Stop it ! ..... You are just making yourself and your brand look foolish now ! .... This stupidity is just food and drink for #DietPrada !!!! If you are going to steal images for god's sake don't steal them from basic struggling @nike !!! #PrayForYeezy
This got me HYPE #yeezyseason
That's just the work of a person who wants to stay relevant in the company.
overpriced white t-shirts and ripped up jeans... keep em.
Yeah......
http://cargocollective.com/tonyspackman/Nike …
Yea some more shit a nigga gon have to break his mama checkbook wide open to get and then wind up getting robbed for....good luck tho
@kanyewest and your design team - just to be very clear this work illustrated here is by another designer - Mr Tony Spackman - formally of Nike now at Givenchy - he is aware of this use of his work/ research and requests that you credit him via Instagram - look him up!
Do @Nike know about this? I imagine they own the copyright and would be quite interested to know that their work is being used to promote a competitor...
This isnt even your work, its what Tony Spackman did while he was a Nike.
I think it should be called toilet paper for the Rich and Famous and no sense of fashion
Hi Kanye, I really appreciate your outlook on fashion & the industry. I as well stand strongly with you on this statement. As a student studying Apparel, Design, & Production, we must refuse to let the media belittle our powerful ability to create. We are more than just “fashion”
Hahahaha, "Leg study". The muscles "may need support" and comfort "should be considered." I used to draw pictures like this of robot lobster submarines in 5th grade.
I'm surprised there isn't a note that says "we should consider increasing strength by improving circulation."
So the text study starts at taking someone else's work from 13 years ago, not accrediting them and passing as your own? Then you wonder why the fashion industry finds your work irrelevant... sit down
#fraud
Uhm how bout you talk to athletes and therapists about your designs rather than fashion people if you really want to be a revolutionary with these designs.
Damn athlete dont wanna wear a rappers shoe.....or even give insight....that would make sense but why make sense when you can just make cents
@ChampionUSA is better and I can buy in bulk at #dealsanddiscounts three blocks south of me
Who wants to buy in bulk ?
I really need to work with this apparel line. I Have so much been in love with creativity. I do my thing in a small way but would really love to work with yeezy, but I love those pair
Respect
Diet Prada
Diet prada has a lot to say about this...
You should let me get on that! Physical therapist with yeezy collaboration! #yeezyszn #dpt
@ELLKOH 
This would be a nice place to put my degree to use 
Very impressed!!! My 14 -year-old son recently just got a job at Holiday Market as a bagger!! He is so pumped to buy a pair of your shoes it will take a long time but he will get them. Keep up the good work your tweets are so awesome
Footwear that cares about its USER!  Keep it up!
Yeezy = #BayAreaSlang You're welcome
“@kanyewest  Thank you man.   It’s been a long time coming.   And a long time coming again   I respect and love you man for you views   Hang in there man. Maybe we can unite once again as fellow Americans. No black. No white   Just is Americans.
will the crips just get on with it
Can u make more affordable clothes.... like Michael Kors ???
Does this mean you’re making gym clothes?!?! ‘Athlete comfort’
Yeah boi 
Will it be affordable to regular people?
Fukno
hopefully we don’t have to pay $200 for a torn white shirt! Thx god there is a new design team cuz now we will get a red one 
When are you going public so we can buy stock and invest in YOU
@kanyewest ill actually buy something if it doesnt look like something a hobo would wear
You should be referred to as...
Kanye never owned a Gasbarri suit...he just does not know
Not impressed. If you make a gasbarri suit then I’ll be impressed
It looks like a diagram of your chip implants
:’)
I now know that a lot goes into designing a sneaker
I now know a lot goods
Nobody wants your clothes.  lucky these kids buy your shoes.
Many clothes today seem to be made without regard to the actual human form (i.e. where an armpit should be stitched). If you nail that, you'll make bank... & please help end the skinny jean trend! Thanks!
Call it sleezy
I guess that's one way to get into a whole bunch of people's pants...
@ a $100 a pop
Pfffffft
I pfaaaahrt in your general direction
#garbage
Just Maybe something you could consider... a similar line, same style, but more obtainable.
Think maybe you can make your apparel a little more obtainable for people that do not have the means to buy a 400$ sweatshirt? I love the line, the colors, the material, and I’m all about comfort. But, 700$ for one sweat outfit is way over budget for a vast majority of people.
Biology?
Heavy; now make sure the clothes not only look good. But they do something that enhances our nature as human beings. Get it
My heart is bursting with joy right now !!!! Your mom did an amazing job with you !!!!!
Pretty clear that some amazing grifter has convinced Kanye he's the Elon Musk of futuristic sports apparel by writing "quadriceps may require support" on a pencil sketch of a leg 
Tweet of the week. 
#booksforkanye
Y’all looking for out of the box thinkers/ apparel designers?
bold approach 
Only way to go  shoot your shot!
3d print your clothes.  Get ahead of the curve.
Love it! 
Wow. It oooks like you are reimagining ...pants. Which humans have only had for...thousands of years. Deep.
@Iam_DRG
Kanye's an artist in the outside and an engineer in the inside. 


Kneezys
You have some basic sportswear designers then
New Yeezy Legs
Where can my daughter sign up and be a model for kids
Dammmmmn bro
I’ve always wondered why fashion isn’t tailored to suit the individual. This is genius. Fashion should be designed to suit the individual. Each person different. I remember when I was younger making outfits for my barbies out of paper, scissors and tape because they fit better.
Exactly where it should start.  Amalgamating various domains (style, statement, trend, fit) underscoring the actual biomechanics of the body, furthering the function & form of the clothing/apparel
u actually read the scribbles mate? it's literally "may require support" 20 times
Technical Clothing Brand
kanye what is wrong with you
What’s wrong with this
You should be referred to as surgeons 
kanye what
Inhale the Yee—Exhalin Zy       —I call that apartheid
fashion attempt failed eh @kanyewest ?
where’s the foot anatomy for the footwear?
Yeah... your new fan base wears $80 New Balance good luck...
Legs go straight and bend?
can you pls hire me
me too pls
Yeezy
Study a Pilates foot corrector, Kim will know what it is and where to get one. Shoes are practical and fashionable but how do you design for therapeutic and proper functionality of the entire spinal column? Answer is in the foot corrector.
Fuck yezzy hobo wear.
That's all sweet , I love your deep attention to detail, but prices too high ,where the love for the family man?
People don’t sprain their ankles when they walking barefoot man 
yo sometimes i’m more dumb than usual and when i walk barefoot, my ankle that has a fracture kind of “gives up” more than the other one so.... Yeezy should teach us
Oh sweet! Now you’re putting mad research into bringing corny to the next level. Bad music and wack apparel! 2018!!! y!!!
Fuck yes yeeeee
Kanye = very stable genius
His anatomical terms for some of these muscles makes me chuckle. 
You can read it? I can't even read it..
I get my doctorate in physical therapy next year and would love to work for you... please
Excited for this
YEEZY BACKPACKS, YEEZY WATCHES, YEEZY SUNGLASSES YEEZY SOCKS, YEEZY BLANKETS, YEEZY CARS, YEEZY PLANES, YEEZY TRAINS!!!
Hey Kanye, if you want to Augmentify YEEZY and have a STEAM focus, do look us up. Thank you, A #AugmentifyIt  #London #Chicago #AR
Yeezy does not need to be labeled as this or that because it Yeezy is this and that. The universal umbrella for all that is Yeezy. Yeezy IS Yeezy. Yeezy apparel, Yeezy Games, Yeezy Management, Yeezy Life....etc <>
Lemme model
KDJSJJSJSJS
ohh so your studying bio i see
Yo,lol that last image look like the scooby doo “rev up to run” bit.
@YBekk @Cartier_Alex moi aussi refer to me as yeezy
92 Yeezy
Haven't we always called it yeezy? We don't say Gucci fashion house. The mononym is Gucci. Like Yeezy
So you’re only 30 years or so behind all of the other athletic apparel companies 
Were people not supposed to move in previous clothing lines?
I think this is for shoes

Why don’t you improve YeezySupply customer service

Should we tell him that the hamstrings are not the quadriceps
I’m not telling Kanye he got something wrong you got it bro
I would go with... "YEEZYSCLOTHINGANDAPPARELS , #SimplyYEEZY is tigh to Bro! I would work for a $1000.00 grand a week Fam! Holla at'cha Boy! http://www.cdbaby.com/rhythmandpoetry  @RHYTHMJENKINS
lol
Don’t forget old ladies! 
I'm a 19 year old product designer. Empower/hire me.
Do you smell that? It's your own farts.
taking body mechanics into account ... I like it 
yeezy hard hard to get bro. And the people who get them resell it for higher price. Yeezy is a profit
I know anatomy!!! me for internship plz
So you took an anatomy diagram and wrote that most areas need support and comfort- you are a genius. 
Hey Man I’m Supporting You Great Work GOD.
You didn’t design that
Vitruvian POLYMATH
I HAVE OLYMPIANS FOR YOU
you’re mentally unstable but this i’m here for.
Wish it was more affordable! I like some of the Yeezy apparel, but it's way way out of my price range.
#AI #ArtificialIntellligence #Poetry
Yeezy sucks ass, buddy
Can you make it cheaper then cus I am broke
Mood
YEEZY? More like SLEEZY
Lemme get a pair of 500s yee
let me get a pair of 700
Puñeta 700 @kanyewest no 500 perdon I want 700s
Hahahaha esas están bellacas
Las 700 sip otro nivel estoy pensando hasta pagar resale
Hasta yo lo estoy pensando
Base layer haha, they’re £300 joggers you schlanger.
What about adjusting the prices tho?
Look bro i respect ur shit but this is just abit crazy talk!!!!
Maybe you should make YEEZY affordable for everyone. I think that would increase your sales
I'm sorry if I sound rude, but Kanye does not have an issue with sales. His stuff is in such high of a demand that people gladly pay more than he charges for USED shoes. I'm not sure if he wants to make it more available to everyone because the exclusivity helps keep it relevant
Relevant?? 
yes  r e l e v a n t

Or simply pretentious.
Following your Twitter feed has been both the biggest regret and joy of my life.
Damn...I like this!! If you doing this much research...I need to be buying ye stuff! I love that your showing us your work and direction of your thinking..your opening up ideas and dialogue..we all evolve when we share ideas..and encourage others to be great...wwgowga
Or a trash line of items. Goodwill has better products, dude. You've been a mess since you married Kim.
This is where the Architectural graphic standards start. We must always think of all humans.
@kanyewest if you really are into making something for the foot. You need to look at zero drop, wide toe box, and less is more.
Hahahaha maybe use this layout for something that matters like prosthetics?? You doing all this for shoes my guy?????
Drop crotch cargo skinnies

#yeezy4life
I refer to them as “Clown Shoes”

@kanyewest as a barber on his feet for 12 hours a day my legs, feet, and body are better when rockin YEEZY
Are we still going to see yeezy at fashion week ?
KANYE WHO WALKS LIKE THIS???
Screen. Shot.
Or even more simply... Dog Shite
Bout to drop the $1,500 trainers
Shit be looking like hand me downs ijs


https://soundcloud.com/toyhollow/old-ways …
so you're going to make leg shaped leggings? truly groundbreaking
https://www.facebook.com/felix.avelar1/posts/10212793977904136 …
@Mikey_V11 fuck
"buttocks require under support" , and "Legs swing forward and backward through the axis of the hip bone. Also consider sideways movement". Pure genius.
fuck yeah! Just what I needed, more 100$ plain white tees and 1000$ shoes...
Cool!
On some Leonardo Da Vinci shit lol

Was never fashion
So does this mean 300$ shoe laces ? And 100$ white tees?
Or overpriced cheap materials
Does that mean there will be enough supply for all who want to purchase??
Genius
You tweet too much
All that studying to make oversized products? 
That's sad.
I hate that I read it with the guy in the meme’s voice 
...Stanley? How u know his voice but can’t remember his name smh
Loool I know his name mate... currently on a The Office binge rerun
This is great! Seeing this company go from just clothing to apparel and sports performance means that Yeezy will have something for everybody. Personally I wish there was an in regs military boot with a boost infused midsole.

no one ever referred to YEEZY as a fashion company, just as an off shoot of Adidas that sold a few pairs of fire shoes and some overpriced rags..
Kanye Westworld
Translation: "start with the constitution"

#yeezygenius5Dchess
YEEEEEEZYYYYYY BOYS
Incredible
Or just a Sheep in Shit Clothing.... might wanna call it that. Lol

