This guy is WOKE!  Love him for telling the truth
Greatest Trump supporter of all time !  Must Watch Video. He absolutely destroys illegal aliens and corrupt politicians …
that dude is a rockstar. If every single person stood up like that. Game-changing
Never really paid any attention to him at all. He does have a back bone   Now that is a rare trait
I think you may still be in the sunken place, Kanye!
Ah, here comes the great white savior @ThePerezHilton to tell the black man he needs to get back on the Democratic Plantation
LMAO.  Kanye is woke.
You don't even know what woke mean s stop saying it!
'means'
Comma after means
Means,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
So only black people know what being woke means.? We own that word right?
Of course not, Jim Carry is woke, just because Kanye found love for Trump doesn't make him woke though
I miss this Ye. Trump isn’t for POC, or the LGBT community Ye, and you know it https://twitter.com/firefitsdaily/status/743136830455947264?s=21 …
Be like Kanye. Don't let the media tell you how to think or feel. The media lies! Research for yourself and you'll find Trump has done alot privately and as President for ALL Americans, blacks included.
Damn! I tried! Lol
Keywords..
I'll just leave this here
The federal government sued Donald Trump for discrimination in regards to equal opportunity housing based on racial profiling. And won. So...
Trump sued Palm Beach in Federal court for discrimination after he allowed everyone regardless of race into his country club..Sounds like a racist..oh, that was 1997 btw..
Yup...he sued the racists yet gets called one over & over again
The bravest of all of them @kanyewest !  Very selfless decision there.  We know what you will have to go through for us.  Thank you so much!  Keep going.  We got you!!!
Join us 
#Qanon
#WhereWeGoOne
#WeGoAll 
#MAGA 
#TheGreatAwakening 

GOOD > EVIL 
#theyAreScared
When you were younger, did you imagine you’d be posting pictures of cartoon frogs as an adult?
Nope. But I did wish I had a magic book like penny
(Inspector gadget)

And you do have the magic book. It's called our phones.
Dreams do come true
The negativity you’ll hear from the left are baseless & hold no value. 
You’ll be amazed at the amount of support &love you’ll receive from us Trump supporters! 
We want to restore family values, respect & love each other, go to church on Sunday’s, back to the  we knew.
It's like you're a violinist on the Titanic going down with the ship... There is nothing normal about supporting Donald Trump
I don't think he's supporting Trump the way you think.
Any & all support of Trump is suspect. The normalization of the ideas of a president like this is problematic, along with any variation of the semantics
Reread your tweet real slowly. So any and all of an opinion that YOU disagree with is suspect? You’re exactly what he’s speaking out against; judge mental, easily manipulated, and entirely intolerant of differing points of view.
Thanks for proving my point
Hey Chris, these are the types of "free thinkers" that are aligning with Kanye now... The "opinions" on a Nazi killing a women in the streets of the United States that I'm supposed to be "tolerent" of
What’s the context of that screencap? You think that’s proof of something?
You’d be the perfect president you tweet a lot
Underrated tweet
Overused Tweet
If I ain't seen it it's new to me
Here are six Wise, Intelligent and Loving Men that Think the same as you...Kanye 
Wow! Just wow! I really respect &admire Ben Carson! He is one of the most caring, intelligent and successful people!  He has not only overcome the poverty he was born into but he has come back to help those who are still there make their world a better place!
5150...ASAP...
This is disgusting, you are disgusting.
 do you think anything you say matters to me...
.... read my comment again 
How tf u type so fast?
lol


I’m going to follow And Kanye and get notifications 

You are preaching and I’m loving it
Yaaaaassss Kanye! Welcome back! Be you because that who we all fell in love with!! Just make this album as great or even better than college dropout was please!
College Dropout is a tough act to follow - would be awesome if he did!
The news says thousands unfollowed you on Twitter, I am convinced thousands more who love our President will be your new followers, including me.
I just started following him and his wife,  we will beat the left at their own game ! #MAGA
That was fake news. Twitter has his follower count back to normal now. In fact he’s gained millions.
Hope it stays that way
I don't know much about you sir except that U are maturing as is expected in life.  If we stay open we will attain understanding of ourselves and others.   I stopped caring about what others think at 50 you. 
It's freedom 2 B U
Never heard a single Kanye song. But I’m sick and tired of the hatred. We should be able to have different opinions with out all the hate.
Wow, #kaynewest has been broken free.  #freedom #FreedomOfExpression #qanon

He is for everyone as an individual.  We are not groups, we are human and bleed the same!  Group think divides.  I'm friends with anyone I meet - period!  I'm not about placing anyone in any group, Trump doesn't want to either!  Free think 
Exactly.
Tell Kris Jenner you need your soul back.
Funny most with those blue checks are so butt hurt by this black man being #woke. How racist can you be!!?
#TheGreatAwakening I never in a million years would of thought that you'd be one of the ones to save the day for so many.   Glad you are now free.  And welcome to those who follow you into the light.
I realized we were free during the SOTU. For the first time I can remember the president wasn't trying to put fear into us. All the fear has been a way to control us and consolidate power
You type fast as hell
Depression and mental illness make us think wider, feel deeper and love harder. It’s who we are. All the creative,expressive,brilliant people in world history have some form of mental illness it’s because we SEE and FEEL more than the average person #NormalisBoring

Mr. West, I'm sure it is extremely difficult for you living as and among celebrities who don't share your ideas respectfully.  Just as our Pres. was once a Hollywood celeb and now dogged for his visions of a greater America for all.  I respect and admire your courage to speak out
Trump was a New York City celeb, not Hollywood!
God Bless your freedom
Stay strong stay true!
Welcome to the great awakening.. they are scared we are waking up.. Thank you 
Triggered 
Good luck with your "Great Awakening" conspiracy theories. When you want to have a seat at the grown ups table, turn off  Infowars
Glad you don't let the left try and manipulate you.

They're going to try and cause your life a living hell now.

Wait for it.
His wife is a lioness and will go after the haters.
Team Kanye
President Trump has torn the shackles off from 60 years of corruption.

#MAGA
And that is why the Democrats and the left are after him like an out of control locomotive. Their  true identity has been exposed, they want to remain unaccountable slave owners.
Slave owners who are also Poverty Pimps and Slum Lords!!
Thats the connection, and they are sweating bullets that the viel has been pushed back.
Just followed you too sir!! TOGETHER we will make a difference for ALL PPL, regardless of race. I love all ppl!! I want EVERYONE to be successful! #MAGA
I love the way #Kanye thinks
#
Hell Yes Kanye! #free #love

Continue to do great things brother.  . You're unplugged and out the matrix.
1 John 4:18 New International Version (NIV)

18 There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment. The one who fears is not made perfect in love.

#LOGOS
You got more love than u know. @kanyewest more people are listening than u know.


More power to you, Kanye! 
Perfect Love casts out all fear~Jesus



I love you and I support you WHATEVER place you are in. Thank you for staying strong thru it all and holding you and yours. I know your mother is proud and smiling down on those beautiful babies.
You better be scared.
You are a threat to the lefts communist agenda. 
I pray for you and that your enlightenment is real.
That’s one hellllllll of a liiiiiife 

Be true to yourself & let the chips fall where they may. No ones owns you or your life, and or your thoughts and opinions. Be strong and true to yourself and you will never live in fear of the darkness because you will have is light, air and food for the soul, truth and love. :)
SPEAK THE TRUTH KANYE
LOVE > FEAR
boy, the sunken place reference really does sum up what they have been doing to so many people in entertainment and government. thanks for being brave
Speak your truth!  Love overcomes fear. And when you’re ready, name names.

Not Scared is a GREAT place to be.  
Shine the light on the evil.  
You have the knowledge and power to help.
MR.KANYE may GOD bless you
Grew up in the Hood and we all were the same...poor, single mom, fear, pain and hopelessness.  Dems run the city and after 40 plus urs of their policies and rules NOTHING HAS CHANGED!!!  Conservatism sees no color, race or creed we crave FREEDOM!
Never thought I would see the day but welcome to the basket of deplorable where leftists malign you for not thinking as they do.
Then you are a brave man; Congrats.
Your helping to set the captives free
I believe you.
Truly an inspiration
#MAGA #QAnon #greatawakening #WWG1WGA
The "real" Kanye is in the sunken place and his body has been taken over Larry Brooksworth.
 thank you
Yeezy 2024
God bless you Kanye! Maybe your courage will give others the courage to rise up and speak their hearts and minds.
You’ve been Sunken by them Kardashian’s like the other black men GET OUT!!
Opposite of sunken,  he is free, free from the fear the demoncrats have bound POC in for a century. Dems, started KKK, Republicans freed the slaves,  dems brainwash minorities, please get on the Trump Train and fight the Democrats with us. Where we go one we go all. #MAGA
How many will follow @kanyewest to enlightenment instead of allowing the government to dictate how you live, feel and think. #RedPill #QAnon
FREEDOM OF THOUGHT! FREEDOM!
Great to hear!!  will u take and minute to seek the One true God, 
Jesus!!!!! ✟
1) Why does #America support this shit @kanyewest I'll never know!! U sold your soul to the devil! 
#WakeUp 
#WakeUpAmerica 
…
Your tweet  Kanye may have freed so many souls out there. There is a need to have folks like you who are not afraid of who is around  them to express their singularities ; even when others hide theirs  individuality to conform without asking questions.
Thank you Mr. West for finding your voice. It’s very welcome. We love hearing people support our @POTUS .
I’m on board with that messsge! Media tries to control with fear
You now have a new fan, Sir!
This is the time for real change 

Glad to see you didn’t buckle like Shania Twain.
Wooow! Dude is woke!
Stand your ground! This will be a great lesson for your kids! How to be strong and it doesn’t matter what the people that don’t know you thinks of you! Only you, your family and friends matter!
The shit is hitting the fan...

As long as you have truth on your side, there is nothing to fear.
Love you @kanyewest
Good for you, standing up for your friend.
Fear sometimes is replaced with respect for one’s own self.

Watch out homie, I’d hate to read about you turning up dead with a 2Pac mixtape in your back pocket and a Hillary button thrown on ya chest. #StayAlive
Don't be scared to read books.
Proud of you
And also I'm all the way out the sunken place. And I'm not scared anymore. I'm not scared of the media. I'm not scared of the past and I'm optimistic about the future. This tweet is in love not fear. TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
How can you say you love a person that says some Nazi's are good people? The shit ain't that hard.  I love your work but fuck your music if this is the spirit behind it. You'll be back some day
I’m a Jewish man married to a cuban woman. We both voted for Trump. He’s no racist.
So what? Clerance Thomas is Black and works tirelessly to undermine the gains of Blacks? In Poland there were whole sanctioned police that were Jews working for the Nazi's. In Florida you have Cubans that work against the interest of Cubans on the island. Don't get your point
You prefer to be a victim then? Democrats want you to rely on them. People like Clarence Thomas, Candace Owens, Kanye and yes Donald Trump want ALL PEOPLE to be self sufficient and think for themselves. Why is that a bad thing? #MAGA2018
Unemployment at lowest levels ever recorded. Less people on welfare or food stamps. And he’s not even in office for 2 years. Taxes lower and he’s trying to make it permanent. DEM have obstructed at every turn. Obama pushed blacks to HIGHEST levels of food stamps and welfare ever.
I got your back Kanye. DO YOU. BE YOU. MOVE FORWARD. 

That's right, stay in your plantation mindset and hate someone for their race! Good going!
As long as you are a part of the Kartrashian family, you will sadly, always be in a sunken place. That family will continue to drag you down.
Y'all forgot that this man was forced into a mental hospital before our very eyes and no one lifted a finger. I almost feel sorry for the guy. Almost.
Maybe you’ve forgotten with God all things are possible. Stop the stigma of mental illness.  We’re all mental from time to time. Christians believe in forgiveness and try to see the good in everyone
You typed this tweet while in free fall to the deepest depths of the sunken place. But that’s none of my business tho  
Blessings and stay true to you, Kanye!
WARNING  There are evil people out there and they will not like you bc you think for yourself. They will be mean to you. I’m talking REALLY mean.  I hope you keep blazing the trail and #MAGA BRAVE ONE
I am probably one if the more white "unwoke" people on twitter, I admire @kanyewest for the courage to stand alone with his convictions and willing to take the slings and arrows of those haters that just want to tear him down.
The Best is Yet to Come.
Yeah okay, Clayton.
The same people giving you shit are the ones who bought the media's narrative that you went crazy after your concert rant. People need to grow up & accept that people have different opinions & to object to those opinions with a mob mentality & childish hate is the 'crazy' thing
Praying for you brother.
Nice and positive 
Hope so and if so I am with you too. No room left for fear. Better we all move into the Light of God together. Thanks.
You tweeting from the web? These jawns be max characters rapid fire no way you on a cell phone typing this fast yo
Yes!
June 1st
He doesn’t look so good.  

 I know, he just keeps repeating the same word over and over again...

Kanye...Kanye...Kanye... #Kanye 
Like I’ve said before, a lot of people who love our country, are waking up from eight years of being under the ether. It feels amazing to feel the fresh air blowing through America. Thank you, Candace, Kanye, and your lovely wife, @KimKardashian
Bring that George bush doesn’t care about black ppl Kanye back
deep

Kanye is never not sure

A+ gif
Great movie, and all I could think of whilr watching him spew his love/fear bullshit


there is a gif! oh baby this will be stashed away for further use
There is always a gif
Drop a Yeezus 2 for us
he would never
I need it tho
It is refreshing and a sign of hope for our nation when men see the intentional diversionists tactics of the left, and rejected it. The Left divides America on race, economic status, sex issues, and every way a division can be made. Forget the divisions, and lets make US great.
Do you like fish sticks?
We need to make this a thing #kanyewestlikesfishsticks
#gayfish
Kanye is WOKE 
I'm so impressed w you Kanye West. So glad you have been freed from negative 'group-think' . Have you noticed others are following your lead?? You Rock.
@lks2274
Me too
Kanye, by your courage you may have lit the fuse to blow up the racial divide that was created under the last administration.
Respectfully, I'm not scared and I don't have several million dollars.
Perspective.
Happy you are using your fame as so many others should (and have).
Your disclosure is for YOU.
You are one of US.
#ISTANDWITHKANYE
You just keep that free thinking going Brother. Don’t let them shut you down. We will defend you.
Kanye is going to unify this country!LOVE
Never watched Kim's show. Wldn't know ur music if i heard it. Resented you for not sharing ur wealth an love with a Black girl. Was pleased to see you go visit Trump. I'm a day 1 supporter. Proud that ur supporting POTUS. HONESTLY, if Nikki Haley runs she will have my vote.
Congrats bro wow good for you 
. God bless you and protect you and your loved ones.
PREACH
Behind You 100%, My Friend
get away from Scooter Braun, he will get you back in chains @scooterbraun

Welcome out! And enjoy your new journey
Camera  flashes  nope didn’t work 
#FreeAlfie #PrayForAlfieEvans https://twitter.com/MerseyPolice/status/989184263592476673 …
Isn't freedom great??? Thank you.

Just be careful. You know if you aren't WITH "them" they deem you AGAINST "them" 
I trust @POTUS got his back
He's doing GREAT things! More than we all know. 

TELLLLLL THEMMMMM THE BUSINESS KING
Ty Kanye
Welcome to Freedom 
Congrats, Kanye.  You sound like you've made the discovery about yourself that I only made just a few years ago about myself -- we are each our own and nobody has power over our true selves.  It's a feeling of true and utter liberty.
Another victim awakens !! 
Hey keep up the great work
Sound like something someone IN the sunken place would say
we all in it
@DizzyLurks @vanceonroad least scared nigga alive
This is the most scared tweet I’ve seen all day tbh
He said it himself
He ain’t scared
Scared niggas say they ain’t scared everyday b
So you’re admiting you and Shey are always scared then?

Kanye & Chance building houses in Chicago 

Facts
Whers that liberal black hater now?
All still there. All went underground to avoid detection... And we just avoided having one as president.
I like the way you think Mr. West.
He’s a very smart businessman!! This has the whole world talking about him with new music dropping!! Also....to lefties....the other half listen to music as well. Many entertainers are fine just reaching half the country! It’s why Jordan never talked politics..it’s genius!!!!
Fans TRULY lost vs fans gained will be a net positive and he knows it!!!
Kanye was in a sunken place?  These Kardashians using him as a sex slave 
I’ve not always agreed with everything you do Kanye but I support you being you including these newest comments regarding @realDonaldTrump & @RealCandaceO. Thanks for speaking out on this topic and being intellectually honest!
And Twitter locked my account and made me revalidate for my previous tweet. Be careful Kanye the Twitter Nazis and @jack are our to get you for having the odacity to think for yourself and express your opinions.
Repent on your Jesus blasphemy and I'll believe you.
Right. I’m with you. He can say good things. Be good etc. but the pics I saw were NOT going to fly with me and the Lord Jesus Christ. He shares ‘god hood’ with NO MAN. Jesus is King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Jesus. NOT Jeezy.


Sick bro ! Speak your mind ... that’s some brave shit ! #Kanye @realDonaldTrump
Good for you, never be oppressed by #MandatoryGroupThink
Please, son, for the love of God, stop retweeting @kanyewest. You’re making me question my parenting!
Happy u r feeling good #Kanye ! When we no longer feel pressured to cave to mob rule,the freedom of thinking for oneself is joyous!U make your children&mother's memory very proud!U will b Chicago's bold voice. A future under #PresidentTrump will end violence&fear. @EricTrump @VP
Following now too. I want to hear what you have to say. Bring the country together
GOOD FOR U! I'M HAPPY FOR U! U R FEARLESS AND A RAP GENIUS #LEGEND! !
Keep being you! Thats right, dont let anyone tell you what to say or not to say. We ALL need to stand together, fight against the INDOCTRINATION OF AMERICAN people.I will follow Anyone with a positive message
#MAGA 
#GreatAwakening

@kanyewest is 1000% RIGHT about EVERYTHING! Why is it wrong to use his platform to educate others positively. We do have Freedom of Speech you know? And for the record! All that we as African American received from a #Obama was a bill for #ObamaCare and a prepaid #Obamaphone!
Starting to understand your love of Trump. You’re both scatterbrained in your teeets
So does that mean you and Taylor Swift are Besties now??!!

Love
No fear #MAGA got your back

I never thought I’d be here liking a Kanye tweet but here I am. Looking good buddy
They don’t own you. The Emperor has no clothes!!! Shout it from the roof tops!!
Good, now watch your career go down the tubes along with trump
I love you 

I love you
Nicely done Kanye.
#MAGA
My man isn't scared of the media
Good for you Kanye!  Good freaking for you!
We got your back brother
Freedom
Love you, @kanyewest!
You just crazy as hell! Please get some mental help...a mind is a terrible thing to waste
Fear of what! Being the genius that you are!!!
Ok illuminati
Stand strong.   Love will beat hate.
Kanye really is a badass!!
I'm gonna follow you to see where this goes ;-)
Ignore the haters. They will soon understand. Your not crazy, you've found the truth. Thank you.
You tell 'em. Nice to see someone in the entertainment industry w/balls.
I'm really starting to like you.
You've got more love than you know, we're with you.  Free thinkers.
It’s called the feeling of content and freedom.
Where we go one, we go all!

giving my black ass life 
