We who are in the know, knew exactly what you meant during your breakthrough. Hard to put into words as people are so asleep to the real world. Your critics are in deep.  for ur & fam protection.


I can’t hate him, I got a soft spot for him 
There’s nothing wrong with Mr. West’s intellect.  Rather, I find that he dwarfs his shrill, nattering, and hateful critics.
Thank you for everything Kanye 
Love this. Wasn’t sure how to defend u about the trump stuff but I have a better understanding of you now, still the goat Ye
I still got love for you brother! 
That’s the Gemini shit on the real Damn I swear I be feeling the same   .. I feel in connection with everything you were saying 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sx6YS9mj_4 … dope? or no?
Your too smart kanya for these people
I don't know what type of health issues your husband may have but those were the symptoms of a textbook "Manic" episode he displayed on TMZ Live.
One of the best Interview I’ve ever watched hands down Kanye is such a huge inspiration he defiantly was a inspiration to me he expresses his emotions in different ways than others and for that he’s just a amazing person @kanyewest keep doing you don’t let anyone stop you !!
If Kim denies Kanye has a mental illness, she can deny that her kids will inherit it.
Correct me if im wrong but I think she already dismissed mental illness last week after his series of Trump tweets
Kanye let’s tokenize YouTube together.

We can free the creators. Decentralize power. Change the world.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sx6YS9mj_4 … he gone feel this
For you Kanye, your influence goes beyond the music. Your lifestyle is equally inspiring -Your bravery, your frank speaking habit and of course your show of intelligence. A lot of young kids who dropout of school, draw inspiration from your story. A lot of creatives are motivated
Wow great interview. If anyone has any doubts on Kanya West should watch this interview. My whole perspective towards Kanya has changed now. He is so sweet and so intelligent.
Thanks for the video. I am glad to be a fan, always.
Hear with your eyes watch with your ears @kanyewest interview is very informative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sx6YS9mj_4 … dope?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sx6YS9mj_4 … nice !! check me out too !!
Ye's reference game is deadly - levels, complements him; thk U G. I love that @ the end of the interview he was @ 1rst speechless when CTG speaks on how people are being deported due to Trump being president, but it could also imply that he hasn't viewed all of Trump's decisions.
People are people deported bc they have broken the law by coming ILLEGALLY. What part dont u understand?
DACA people have broken no laws, yet some are being deported without warning. What don't YOU understand?
thank U @AJuttaHBrink1.
I see what kanye is coming from. I finished watching the interview and his heart is in the right place. As far as trump he did not give a full discussion as he did to his plans, feelings on jay z, obama etc. Its just a shame that his own people are turning against him. Sad
It was ok. Seemed like he kept digging at trump an shit. You wanted to talk freely an every time you did it was back to trump.

Kim!
Dump the loser!!!
@KiingOfQueenss @mishael_shammah.
Garbage
Thank you for that amazing interview! Your humility is inspiring.
Oh good, I’ll be sure not to watch it there too...
I wouldn't watch it if I were you either. Your media programmed views may not make much sense after listening to someone who has the ability to think for themselves.
Slavery was a choice?!
No. Staying or going into slavery is a choice though...
I really feel you have no clue what you are talking about.
Please rectify that. Enlighten me on what I'm talking about.
Slavery was not a choice.  That's why it is called slavery.
If you really think about it. The numbers were there...so what kept them from fighting their way out? Fear. Then someone stood up and gave them a way out...and what happened? Freedom.
What happened????

They died. That’s the ‘choice’ they died.

Look up Nat Turner. He died.
But so did hundreds of other slaves who weren’t even involved.

Slavery was an institution. It required an institutional solution. Don’t go blaming the victims.
Also, I don't call them "victims", I call them "Victors".
@KimKardashian was the Armenian genocide a choice made by those of your descent who were murdered? Just curious if you and @kanyewest discussed it. #IfSlaveryWereAChoice
This was needed. Not for validation. But for understanding. I cried. I smiled. But most of all i listened. Thank you for sharing Kanye.
@jordvaness in case u still didn't find it
Fantastic interview @kanyewest
@cthagod is complicit in this shit too he needs to stop backing this man
There is no excuse for #KanyesIgnorance
There is no rationalizing #KanyesIgnorace 
If anyone does, their #Complicit in #KanyesIgnorance
Great interview 
It was nice to hear where you are at and what you are feeling.
If people did not take time to listen to full interview then they have no say whatever on how they feel about it or you. What a beautiful mind. Stay strong, you are on the right side of history.. Love
Nah
Stop using taylor
There is a message you are conveying in riddles @kanyewest and I’m tryna decode that stuff . Sounds like your speaking Michael Jackson’s language .
Today.....Donkey of the Day
This was a wonderful interview
https://youtu.be/X6awfShNWmo  but watch this first it will change ur day
Was the Armenian Genocide a choice too? Asking for a friend
Great interview, love it! 
Watched it! Very dope!
Nobody cares
Bruh, most the world won't ever understand unity or spirit.  Look up the definition to the word reprobate, it's biblical.

It was so good to see you in your element. But you need to rest. In your pauses I saw pain and it hurt.
I love you! This interview speaks volumes! Massive respect  @KimKardashian you got yourself a pretty amazing man!
All I saw was an overblown ego...
Sending love to you & yours. Grateful for your courage, voice, freedom & breakthrough. I've been waiting for this moment too! This is the best time to be alive  I love every-single-one of these words, they are my exact feelings. HSP Gemini blessings
Nice job. Independent, free thinking with an all accepting attitude. Many people will express themselves, but not accept the expressions of others. I found your interview enlightening, fair, forgiving and very forward.
Carry on Ye!
You’re both stains on america.
I still don’t know why the kardashians are famous ? Cos their dad helped free a double murderer ?  All publicity hoes.
never did get that Kardashian thing.
Totally agree with you on the "therapist" comment, I suffer with depression + have gone to therapy but it never helped, talking to those who know me and I'm closet too definitely done the job! Fantastic interview Kanye, you are the voice of our generation and I'm behind you 100%
Yo Kim to talk to your man please
I know, you feel safe and cool with the people you know. But, I really think you should come and have a sit down with me. #GREATINTERVIEW , @RHYTHMJENKINS
Please get some help!
So what is your point kim??? This guy is calling your husband crazy for expressing himself and twisting the point your husband was making........
Amazing... i live for this stream
Listen to Kardashians by A7JohnnyMac #np on #SoundCloud
I just finished watching. You really are a self made success. Thank you for the inspiration
This interview is on so many levels. @kanyewest is a legend. Very few people will understand. Open your mind and think poeple. @cthagod
Great interview. I wish some people understood it is absolutely ok to not agree 100% with someone’s ideology and still have love for them. It is heartbreaking to see how mean spirited people can simply because you are living your truth. Much love to you @kanyewest
Amazing interview #woke

It's a very long video but let's you inside of what @kanyewest is really thinking very good 
Was @jordanbpeterson your doc ? Or was he a guy your doc told you about ? Because some of things you trying to explain seem a lite /common reasoning from his.
I think the no comment was comment enough Ty X
I’m blowed away with your brilliant mind and  your philosophy of life so inspiring!!!
You should have retweeted the TMZ video as well... Girl ,GTF OFF of social media and tend to your sick husband. That's WTF you need to be doing. Your "brand" is going down in 
This Decentralised @kanyewest is the kind I could work with on the Blockchain!
charlamagne is a wise man..
I just watched this entire video
Love It! Understood. Keep doing u homles
Love it one person at a time can change the world mad be cry because I understand completely I believe 2018 Unstoppable
This is the interview that should be going viral... how the media can twist my mind, that tmz one is taken out of context?
Hello I have a $3billion dollar  asset I want to give to Kanye west please contact me asap thanks  
You can also email me @ estrellatyrone@gmail.com or nickostadoss@gmail.com
I can go into more details when we speak. Love
Your husband thinks slavery was a choice.
He's making money off of this controversy and will continue to whilest us broke mfs argue for free 
Take a look at your free choice, Kanye West- stripped of your name & soul is not a choice! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FMPFQo5V-lA ….
Brilliant! 
Kim support Kanye.  He’s going to need it.  The MSM and far left have lost their mind. Kanye is the voice of a generation.  He is woke and is using his voice for good.  He can the the MLK of our generation.  Rev Al and Jessie make millions off keeping the black community poor
WTF? , what has Kanye done for poor, black neighborhoods? Come on, let's hear it.
Branson’s island huh?
I did
He has a clear understanding of freedom. Freedom starts within the self, being able to go against others thoughts and views. He is not a slave. No matter how his views differentiate from others; he does not fear loss. KW is a free man. He is labeled and targeted by slaves.
You can’t freedom in thoughts and views...just disorder..
Stay strong Kanye, speak your truth.
How about Ye's interview on #TMZ?? What did Ye answer with Charlamangne?? TMZ showed the true Ye, not unless it was da 911 he popped. Sad #BlackPeopleChooseToBeSlaves #Really
Kanye I know I’m just some random guy, and no specific important, and I don’t need to be, just want to let you know I’m here for you. I don’t want your money I don’t want popularity I don’t want fame, I just want to know if you’re ok and I want you to know if you need me I’m here
ayaaaaas
Slavery was a choice? Really? Can’t blame Jayz & Beyoncé  for not wanting that mindset and influence around they’re black children. Smh this isn’t clarity this is nonsense. And to see Kim support this I can’t even deal
@kanyewest your interview was beautiful

Kanye West : I got hooked on Opioids after liposuction (video) https://susanorji.blog/2018/05/02/kanye-west-i-got-hooked-on-opioids-after-liposuction-video/ … via @suzdick
These folks have an INSATIABLE need for attention. Can u imagine sitting at the dinner table & hearing him ramble on and on and on while she sits there tuning him out & posing for selfies?
Sir please help me I plead you for sake of Humanity.. I really don't have more time left to pay my debt.. 
Anyone that can talk about themselves for nearly 2hrs is narcissistic & self indulgent. So, dull, just make music, be a dad, have an opinion but don’t bore us to death. The people already paid to get you were you are, just be grateful, pay back quietly & stop seeking attention
Slavery wasnt a choice @kanyewest .. they were not all together.. families were seperated.. they were denied education, and oppressed with weapons.. guns and whips! Fear is what enslaved them
Million dollar lottery is almost here. Subscribe to our telegram channel to participate.
Just like the yeezy brand, Kanye is using this moment to promote music. He doesn’t really care
Where's the tmz interview? Or, at the least, why aren't you making a statement about #ifslaverywasachoice?
@kanyewest @KimKardashian i watch this interview and it made me love LOVE love LOVE Kanye even morE because he is FUCKEN REAL.. he gets slammed to have an opinion but not once KANYE has ever been caught CHEATING ON HIS WIFE KIM..
This is actually a brilliant interview. Understand Kanye so much more
T'as vu l itw ? C'est totalement vide le peu de liant qu'il arrive à mettre sans ses propos c'est charlamagne qui lui met dans la bouche
Dans
What have you done to Kanye?  Why is he like this?
He EXPRESSED! And I'm loving it!

thought-provoking and insightful!
By the way Kanye just because Kim sounds white doesn’t make her white. Kinda like how you’re black but you don’t carry yourself nor see yourself as being black. Also, the city of Chicago want to know when you plan to come back home and show your wife around the city??
Notice how @KimKardashian retweeted this more sensible Kanye with @cthagod and not the senseless @TMZ ones.
20/20 
So much power.. so real.. so inspiring
Family is the most important currency 
Real talk. Nothing more inspiring then listening to Kanye speak 
Nobody puts my Ye in a corner.  this interview was everything. Love you always.
 why do black men never admit to depression or mental illnesses.clearly he is having a public breakdown,instead of helping him we are judging him.#weprayforkenye
He's not. That's what the media want you to believe. The Media fear powerful minds. Kanye is passionate about healing the world. Ppl should show him respect and not belittle him. He's empowering ppl to think for themselves we are not slaves to a race baiting narrative We are free
And then came "400 years a slave choice". TMZ'd. 
Living in that hypersensitive filtered world, Kanye's plastic surgery as the reaction, is the saddest part. Professor Donda West died because of surgery. Work on your mental breakthrough for her Ye.  We still believe in you.
Informative
Ye is trying to achieve ultra instinct. #DBZ
@KimKardashian just Tell your husband to schut the f...off...
Just watched knowing I have to get up early and take my daughter to school smh .. you had my attention when you spoke on fear & walking in love ! And I myself am and advocate for the outcast the black sheep I smile when I see them break tradition !!!
@kanyewest in your interview with @cthagod you mention feeling 'even people trying to kill you aren't your enemy'.  

At the very core of this intuition, you're on to something. Anyone who deploys 'unconditional empathy' would conclude the same. (My book expands on this).
Your interview made me see you in a new light and made me think, God bless you @kanyewest 
this ye vs ctg interview is everything rn 
HSP here too, love and light
Great interview,
Loved this interview. Didn’t hear anything I disagreed with. I know that’s controversial but YOLO.
How is it that every guy that comes into the Kardashian’s family goes up in flames?!   I don’t believe in Curse but Im starting to believe in the Kardashian Curse...   every man in this world should run far away from these girls....
Il a un joli sourire Kanye
Anyone who clicked on this video looking for a soundbyte will be highly disappointed. Great conversation across many topics. None about what you wanted them to be. Great job by both of these men. And great respect for @cthagod as a professional after this interview.
Honest and relatable. I too went through a "break through". And some people dont make it "through". I salute...
Great interview!
His interview was beautiful.  @cthagod cthadid an amazing job @kanyewest kanyewords were so beautiful
We’re gonna watch this in 20 years from now like how we watch Tupac interviews and think to ourselves that this man was a genius, way ahead of his time.
Yooo thatcher interview had madd gems sun !! Sometimes brilliance isn’t seen because people get to distracted by being sheep ! Salute
So he is starting a commune, holy fuck. This guy is crazy in such a good way.
Inspiration.
Kanye is sooo amazing . . I don’t think he is from earth
Next level shit! Bravo!
@kanyewest heard what he had to say on TMZ today. No we didn’t have many choices during slavery. Now we have more knowledge, and honestly we don’t even use It wisely.Let’s not down him. He has his own opinion. Be honest many Blacks voted for Trump.
Interview ranges from slavery ignorance to creativity & inspiration. Our Royal heritage is lost on ye, but his eclectic personality is art.
http://www.infinite8institute.com  speak with Ean and Aledia Mikale 

Great interview
Great interview gems dropped for sure. Only social media will show clips. I watched all 2 hrs.
True, raw, and honest interview. Be proud, be brave.
@dilly_96__
......... does not negate the obvious Charlie Sheen level mania in the tmz interview
Kanye. You ARE it. Closer and closer. Your GENIUS is known. In LOVE. Respect. Learn.
I liked watching you getting shut down and put in your place on @TMZ. HAHAHAHA.
One of the Best interviews of all time!
Stuck. And lipo? Kim you should be ashamed
Keep his name out ya mouth! He’s a legend. You’re a puppet w gold chains.
Wow @cthagod is asleep.  Living in a bubble created by the Machine. “Trump hasn’t done anything good” haha stay asleep man.  You’ll get it in the next life.
@xbigbx
Please get help.
that man is way ahead.. catch up lady.. YOU need help
8:57p. · I wish CTG asked if North & Blue met.
Your both Nazi fucking sympathizers. You’re a disgrace and fucking disgusting .
My response to 37:29 - 39:11 ·  Newer generations need to learn about histories of slavery, they need films about slavery - we need films about slavery: the stories are never done being told {the stories/films shouldn't exist - slavery shouldn't exist}
Remember when you sampled “Kid Charlemagne”?
Loved this interview
Clear minded, free, and dare I say - not crazy? Good for you @kanyewest! Words do indeed get in the way of communicating sometimes, I hope people will listen past your words and hear you are ideas, then disagree with those if they so choose.
watched your full interview & was fascinated with your composure, calmness, philosophy, wisdom.. and yes, your humbleness taking on critisism with class. Unfortunately some ppl can’t handle that energy & frankly can’t or don’t want to understand
Exactly. He was so well spoken.
I felt a connection with this interview and this Man #universalFamily Ye I stand with you brother! Physically in 2018 and mentally in 2033!
I enjoyed it @kanyewest
Charlemagne: "so what about the album"
Kanye: "Jews actually filed paperwork requesting to be killed on purpose"
Brother Kanye, you can still redeem yourself. Apologize to your ancestors and the millions of black people who died to give you the platform you have today. Stand for the oppressed and fight for your children. Remember they have African blood running in their veins.
Kim and Kris - please have another discussion with Kanye. Family intervention time. Besides loving Donald Trump...he also just betrayed his entire race by saying slavery was a choice?! Is he actually going for the white supremacy market?

#protectthekardashianbrand
What is your angle Ye? Do tell .

This was greatness
Your right Kanye !!! People need to start to show how they really feel and start doing them if we don’t then this world would be how it is long time ago nothing but hate and people getting hurt .
OMG ITS A 2hr VIDEO! I been waiting.
@KimKardashian  You thought it would be cool to marry this nut ball, now you have to rely on him to help raise your kids. Oops.
This was a magnificent interview.  I must work with you and your visionaries!
All that is left of you now is your Kanyestein body he created that is now disfigured, your make up and perfume. What little respect most had left for you is gone. Gone girl. You are now a bonified streetwalker. Go post another nude pic, that would be perfect right now too #KimK
Great interview.  Genius.  Put me in a good mental place.  Excited for the future.
