Damm they got my boy Kanye!!! 
Or he’s an individual with opinions?

Wow a Get Out gif, how incredibly original
And I bet you bought all of his albums when he said Bush hated black people.  Ok 
She mad cause you’re right republicans hated him and when he said that
Ciera, I never hated Kanye. I’ve actually always liked a good amount of his music and I think his blunt remarks are hilarious.
It isn’t blunt though. He has been seen pictured with trump. He recent endorsed a person who is a trump supporter.
Kanye West doesn't care about black people
Oh look, another verified leftist shill. Original comment.

rip
Fuck that hat

Bro no
Much better
Yes the Liberals love communism.
K buddy you can call me a lot of things, but liberal ain't one of them
Dude you're wearing a hat of someone who literally promotes racism
Poor, white tea-tard.
Hey Tea,  you're pointing to your own name.  Also,  I found a picture of you.
says the one in Cult45
Oh no
You can see his soul gone 
So what, you could see that when he met Trump a year ago too.
Ye wtf are you doing.
We Got Love
burn the hat
bahahaha. Scared of the assholes who wear the hat.
Not at all. I simply do not abide the fools of the MAGAt cult.
Fake
I see you bro!!!!
Great picture of ALL of you... 
As soon as I get out of California, 33 more days, my MAGA hat will come out...
At the moment, it's too dangerous 
Lol ok, I'm in Ventura County and see a few a week. I think you're safe, snowflake, unless you enjoy putting yourself up on the cross.
She swears like we want to use AR-15’s against her as if she’s back home in Texas
It's projecting, I'm sure. She'd probably be attacking Hillary supporters if Hilldawg won, so she assumes we'd attack her.
I love how we got a front row seat of how real trump supporters are. Scared and lerking in the shadows waiting to get home to promote shit they can’t even dare express 
The self-censoring is pretty hilarious. I'm enjoying every second of it. Too worried about whether or not they've triggered the rest of us.

#MAGA
Kanye Is Dead
CLEARLY your spirit isn't FREE........
Why you look so sad?
remember Kanye, half finger if you're being held against your will...
Kanye is cancelled until further notice.

That’s what I like to see. #maga
For white power ?””... ugh
Isnt that a white power sign? 

Crazy how it takes someone like Kanye West of all people to come forward in order for us to have this important and overdue discussion. Influential and a free thinker as always 

On an ultralight beam.
what discussion?
Love right back brothers! 
unfollowed right away
Isn't Kanye a black man ?
I've never seen anyone more ignorant than Republicans sweetie
This reminds me of a skit on the Chappelle show.  Does Kanye know?
PAU NO CENTRO DO SEU CU SEU ARROMBADO DO CARALHO VAI SI FUDÊ
me exaltei mas com razão
Wow, love it.... Kanye refuses to be hide from media attacks.
Wtf ?
KANYE WHY
Kris Jenner be like...
Good Job Bro


Good for Kanye!!! A man with a brain..and a wife that let's him have one!! Wonderful. We need people that know how to think for themselves. Who the heck wants to agree with "whatever" because you're to lazy to think for yourself. Go Kanye and Kim. Let's see some more brains
Kanye is kanye and 100% kanye, kanye knows only kanye so kanye only think bout kanye and what kanye thinking about kanye is that facts that he is kanye


@KimKardashian kim get your man
All the true racists coming out. Amazing the amount of pure hatred there is out there from blacks towards whites. Open your mind people.
Trump is worse than president bush, but you were pretty vocal about bush smh, I’m deleting and won’t be supporting this new Kanye West, even the old music getting deleted

This is how the world sees you in that #Maga hat, #Kanye... #Trumpsupporter
Lyor lurkin hard never know how to feel about him tbh
you do realize that guy is putting up a white-power sign RIGHT in front of your face, right? SMDH  #SunkenPlace #FreeKanye #FuckMAGA
Do you get your news from the onion or are you just a little slow
sssh child. not trying to hear from 12 year old pro trolls 
Not a troll dude your just looking for something that’s not there

long story short, it is such a general hand sign that sometimes it may be totally benign. THAT SAID it has been used by white supremacists in the past, and is constantly used by: Trump, Milo, Cernovich, Many Breitbart contributors, Jim Hoft, Lucian Wintrich.. getting the picture?
when is someone trolling and when are they serious? when is it a nazi salute and when is it a "Roman" salute? (give me a fucking break on that one SMH..) internet culture & trolling are ambiguous and sneaky by nature. if it looks like a duck... 
You look like a hoistage. The power dynamics in that photo are very disturbing... and is that the white power symbol? You got scammed. What's the price of a soul these days?
Hey your “BFF” next to you that you so badly want to seem cool and accepting towards is doing the white power hand symbol literally with his arm around you. But sure, you got love.
The imagery 
That is not a white power symbol it’s just something that the left made up because now a days they’ve got nothing else going. For them anymore
It's not about the hand gesture. It's about dude marketing his next album on controversy. I don't believe one minute this is about his ability to "speak his mind". And if it is, go ahead, Ye. What exactly do you wanna see done about immigration, trade, Chicago? I'm all ears.
Devil is working on u...

These  ws using black faces to make troll accounts like this is pitiful
It's no way in hell you are..liberal or conservative never cared for or nothing about black people.reciting ws scripts is ridiculous.  Neither party was for black people when these ppl are the ones creating laws targeting black people.
What policies do you really think helps or supports black people? Nothing was ever meant for us..I refuse to label myself anything created by ws. The policies I'm referring to is all of them.
Chief Keef making Chicago  look better than you right now kanye! U tweakin bro

It's called a tax break
@kanyewest

Is Kanye aware the man behind him is using the white power hand sign?
I dont think "Aware" and "Kanye West" go together
NOTEWORTHY:

Kanye West's Followers Have Almost Tripled (Millions) Since Courageously Coming Out In Support Of @RealCandaceO & @realDonaldTrump & Standing Against The Propaganda.  

It is called the #TrumpEffect.  The opposite side is the #TrumpCurse.
Have You Noticed How The #TrumpCurse Is Paralleling The Movie "#FinalDestination?"  Each Celebrity/Company/CEO/Journalist That Lies About Or Mocks Trump Ends Up Getting Humiliated Or Exposed As A Deviant.  They Run & Hide But #TrumpCurse (Fate) Just Keeps Coming…

He's throwing the white power sign. 

What
The
Faaaaaaahuccccccck


Read the last paragraph under negative connotations.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/OK_(gesture) ….

She is Puerto Rican.  He is Jewish and married to an Iranian immigrant.  But OK.  Also this was done to make fun of people that believed the hoax, they literally said that.
Trump supporter now proudly following @kanyewest
Lol! Make sure you buy his "College Dropout" album! Lol you'll love everything he says about y'all!
What a walking cliche. Not free. Not a dragon unless it’s puff. Nothing new here with a damaged genius, Stockholm syndrome suffering, delusions of grandeur.
Kim Kardashian claims the soul of another brother. First OJ, Thomson now Kanye!!! When will it end
Welp... nice knowing you sir. Have fun on the other side... by yourself.
Actually, with more than half of the Legal American population soooo 
Thank you for speaking out! Thank you for supporting our President! Thank you for spreading some love. #MAGA #GodBlessYou
99% sure kanye did this to stur the pudding/confuse ppl/flex his media power. Pretty sure he doesnt actually support trump. Hopefully
It’s all hype for his album
I. DONT. LIKE. THIS.
An over rated mentally ill alleged " musician "
Gotta throw the whole rapper away
@bob_dole75 the fuck is he up to? He's becoming my black Morrissey.
MorrissYe
Everyday is like SunYe.
Let me kiss Ye
Last of the famous international plaYeboyEs
Seasick, Ye still docked
The Queen is Yead.
FLASHING LIGHTS!!!   
Just when we thought you were really out of the sunken place......
You are definitely a
good to see you standing your ground on your beliefs..... it certainly sets you apart from "weasel" dominated hollywood (better known as B.S. wood).... Never weaver on your beliefs.... :c)
What a guy, I love him.
White dude in the middle throwin up ig s 
When Kanye switches up on MAGA after getting a bunch of them to support his “individual” celebrity point of view  I can’t wait

You understand that Latinos come in every shade? Some of us are even Afro-Latino. I hope you’re not trying to tell POC what POC should do? @MikeElChingon look at this 
#Qanon @kanyewest
Kanye got turnt out by both of them thats why they got love


If you open the picture to full page, you'll see the guy on the right is giving the white supremacist signal...a fact sorely lost on West, I'm thinking. Talk about being manipulated.
Someone put Kanye in rice
Is this guy making the White Power hand sign?
What did you type to get this gif?!?
"Oh no" and then I kept scrolling lol
I'm not one to try to bring up a person's mental health, because they have a difference of opinion from me. Kayne, does look as though he's on medication in this pic or not stable. Look at his flat effect facial expression and the deep stare in his eyes. This makes me sad
Triple 6 symbol, great.
Halt doch mal deine Fresse pls
shits not even fitted bruh
That's all I can think of
That ladies last name looks like Boner....
The man above you has his hand around your neck while making the White Power sign. Kinda symbolizes their power over you. It demonstrates that you have succumbed to them. You know, kinda like how they enslaved people of color. Good luck! #KanyeIsKancelled
Cole was 100% correct. wow
Do you believe Kanye is trolling? Will it backfire?
Question, Is that a racist hand sign? What does that hand sign stand for?
It means "I'M A DOUCHEBAG"
Isn't this hand sign a signal for, racists & the far right?  I've read that, but you can't believe everything you read... or CAN YOU!


Why is everyone hating on this so hard? It's just a hat, dude.
He looks like when of the black dudes in Get Out got brainwashed
@DaBrainlessOne these comments!!!
I miss the old Kanye straight from the soul Kanye
Let me interpret this for the confused. The OK sign is not white supremacist. There is room on the MAGA train for EVERYONE. Patriotism not Party. Where we go one, we go all. God Bless. @realDonaldTrump #KanyeWest #QAnon #WWG1WGA
for who exactly, my nigga.
Kanye, proud of you brother. Your message is clear and I hopes that others will follow your example. @Shastina_Eloff @realDonaldTrump
Some of the people commenting don’t make sense. So because you’re an adult that has an opinion and because it’s not the same as everyone else you’re a terrible person and you need to die.
Im the 11,300th person to comment on this nothing about nothingness. If this is the benchmark, consider those poor bastards yearning to impart actual wisdom and striving to platform science for the benefit of humanity getting 100-odd likes. Twitter a gutter #perspective
Who knew I was a fan of @kanyewest .....#MAGA
Isn’t he white power symboling right under your chin?
Oh look! A coon doing tricks! (No, not this...the top picture).

Ziplok got love.
All this hate because he has a different opinion. Pretty sad people think their opinion is the only one that matters.

Who's whoring for followers now, son!? 
@Agutierrez_15 let’s jam some Kanye

How the mighty have fallen. You went from this, the posing in pictures with people throwing up white supremacist symbols #KanyeWest
Maybe because Trump isn't a NAZI??
No, he's definitely a Nazi. Posing for photo ops with some black celebrities doesn't change anything.
Can you help me to understand how you think Trump is racist?  I honestly don't see it.  I would really like to understand your point of view.



Is this "whiteface" OK?
We certainly doMAGA

Bro
It's not Kanye West
It is 

.            Kanye Best
is the man with his own mind 

Awesome!

And you don’t have a Pulitzer. Is that why you are being so weird?

https://youtu.be/S6wLyJZjiPE  boom

Lol at millions of people crying over @kanyewest expressing a different viewpoint to them. Maybe he's not the 'lost' one?  This is telling...
One minute you rip an award out of Taylor Swift’s hands to acknowledge @Beyonce, a strong, proud, black woman, and the next this? You are ALL about attention. You don’t really GAF. As a matter of fact, you’re just like @realDonaldTrump #nodifferent
Oh look, Kanye doing something controversial to get his name mentioned.  ::rolling eyes::  Don't be a loser, ignore this dude.

i appreciate your loyalty to our POTUS, I am curious to know, you wear his legacy on your head, but what will be your legacy? I have much respect for our @POTUS tho i feel people use his legacy to create their own.
"HUGE" fan of you now @kanyewest 
Alot of us just pity you
Throwing out the 666, -probably a coincidence but who naturally does that stupid hand sign,
What an idiot. Knew it from long ago, but now you're making it evident to anyone/everyone.
At least from 2 white nationalists.

Will the real Kanye, please stand up!!.....and Get Out!!
#uncletom
Headline

Slavery reinstated
#KayneWest hates black people.
Dude is literally flashing a WP sign
The deportation of Pablo
Cool white power gang sign. 

Idiot.

Bruh! Which love?
They said you're a hostage

Thank You Kanye! #MAGA
That is a “White Power” symbol in your face!  #Dumbassery
 yes your once.... twice..... three times a jackass.. 
I wish I could love this a million more times!!
That's blown a few fuses.....
Please run and win the GOP primary in 2020, and in 2024.
It would be awesome to watch you fail miserably in a general election. #KanyeJackass
Subliminally playing you, Kanye
You got hate. Ooooo you're such an iconoclast! Really sad . Don't you have lots of time to read books and learn history?
Get out 2
#808andhatbreak
loserrrrrr
I love how blacks are so easy to turn on our own this is sad and shows the unity we have as a community... he is a Uncle Tom because he can think like that is so dumb#maga keep it up Kanye
@MeliRiv21 this is why lol
get this clown off my timeline. kanye is cancelled.
Change your name to Token.
@thegeany the new alliance :)
I hear you have a new album coming out...... is this your idea of marketing? You need #therapy. You’ve been a bit wacky since the near death injuries you suffered in that car wreck years ago. Praying that your mental health improves. Your kids need u
The Manchurian Rapper
eat shit
seeing people hate Kanye of his views and to those who lost respect for him are sad and lost. if you cant accept someone for their political views then you are immature
@SongeJoakim  GOAT GANG
There is nothing loving in the camps that this government puts deportees in supporting anyone in office is support of these inhumanities

Hella!!!
@jackchambers97 I actually don’t give u enough credit gone lud ye
Actually love me in this
@tommylevit #MAGA2020 
Somos re nosotros
Was not a fan of Kanye, but now I am! Because you don't let people do your thinking for you! Just remember, for every fan you lose for this, you'll gain 20 more! GOD BLESS YOU BROTHER. love the hat! MAGA!
What you got is USED. Check your new friend flashing the White Power sign.
Kanye can say that black people belong in cotton fields ,arabs belong in allahu akbar ,and that indians belong up his ass and his music would still be fucking good
where do u come up with that shit
Dunno tbqh
@loveashleigh_ ya mans wildn
 I can’t defend dad on this one

 just on this ONE subject
You need help!
No, YOU NEED JESUS!
You need to get an education
Does a masters degree count?
YOU need to stop defending fools who don't even know you exist.
Not my boy 
Civilization has #necrotizingcensoritis. Civilization is dying because we dare not state our disagreement with the terrorism of Muhammadanism, Social Justice Warriors, Pedophiles, AntiFA, gun control and their apologists; the regressive repressive Democratic Party.
You got a guy wrapping his arms around you with a white Power signal #MAGAssholes
Love the hat :)
You got BIGOT
Republican KKK
You dumb ass.
Don't you see the WHITE POWER sign your buddy flashed to ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS?
How stupid and attention starved are you?
Put the ego on a shelf, dipshit.
It's not doing you any good. 
I'll bet you LOST plenty of followers over that picture.
Bye Felicia.
You realize this was something 4chan conspired to troll the media into thinking the ok sign stands for white power right?
loc the hat
i literally don’t get it. kanye are u ohkay???
Do you have a education, I think not
Smh

 for the sake of the people who look up to you, you need mental evaluation immediately. This looks weak
Really my guy
Wtf

