Clay.
We are the clay. God is the Potter. 
We are molded and shaped by what we submit ourselves to.
Mind=blown.
Can you do this?
therapy <3
1/
Hahahaha.

Kanye's tweets of professional-grade MODELING CLAY are brilliant!

I did a quick scan through several hundred replies -- amusing & they may be -- nearly everyone MISSED the point that Kanye was trying to convey.

The Holy Bible mentions "clay" 34 times.

#MAGA
2/
Isaiah 64:8, in part, says..."We are the clay..."

As artists/creators that Kanye keeps on trying to convey to us of WHO WE ARE, the clay represents the raw materials of life from which each of us can shape, mold, grow, OURSELVES as the ARTISTS/CREATOR-BEINGS of whom we are.
3/
The raw materials of life are:

Your body
Your mind
Your spirit

You are an ARTIST, a CREATOR-BEING shaping, creating your own reality in a shared world that is being co-created by other ARTISTS / CREATOR-BEINGS.

The artists / creator-beings' spinning wheels are our lives.
4/
Most of us live numerous lives in the Great Spinning Wheel of Karma, of the cycles of life, that enables each of us to have NUMEROUS opportunities to shape the clay -- body/mind/spirit -- that we are given in EACH lifetime.

You are the creator of the clay of your life.
Who wants to live more than 1 life?
1/
That's a great question, Barbara. I can't blame you for asking.

Let's use school as an example.

The idea of having just ONE lifetime is like you starting out in kindergarten and being given just ONE WEEK to live, to grow, to learn.

That's it.

Then an eternity after that?
2/
If you accept that you have a soul/spirit, how fair to you think that having just ONE WEEK in the school of life to live life as a little, bitty kid would be to YOUR SPIRIT/SOUL?

Just one week AIN'T enough for a soul to develop, to grow, to learn, to err, to be artists.
But look my life is not bad but I never want to come back again. I prefer sitting on a cloud and listening to music. Who wants to come back & be tortured in some 3rd world country.
Maybe you should stop eating the clay?
 love you Perez
Narrator: He then used a mold created by someone else, stuck a photo of his face on the top...and they called him a brilliant artist.
That clay is about as dense as you.
Not so much infinite but 20ish possibilities.
What's next  
how did u come to this
T’es un génie @SVMYH
Mais mdr gros le mec il nous pisse littéralement dessus
You makin soap cuh
Are these to decorate your wack bland house?
Shots fired 
Cra cra 100%
20/20 Vision bro #lifted
T
Is that the scoopidy whoop poop ???
Are these yeezy yoga mats?
i love soap
@realDonaldTrump made me a business offer. @

INFINITE
Agreed #icx $icx #icon #bitcoin #infinitepossibilities 
All skintones
Clay? Chocolate?
The beginnings of the clay we're going to use to carve Trump into Mt. Rushmore?
Me trying to see the possibilities
More copper and rose tones please
.@kanyewest Wouldn't it be wonderful if they didn't scribble their own thoughts & words all over the slate that is our life or force us into molds & cookie cutters in order to "be acceptable"? 
 (´മ ‿ ↼`❀)
Visionary
What is that? You're being so damn cryptic. This is the coolest account on Twitter.


Good looking fudge.
What you got there ye? @kanyewest
Bro this look like subway ingredients
Check out JAVIER MARÍN could be interest you
"Everybody wants somebody to be their own piece of clay."
~ Marvin Gaye
Keep molding yourself Ye.
on an aside, I lost my mom suddenly and I know how it is, how it be, and how it never fills but you move forward. She'd be proud of you standing in your truth, as complex as that is.
haxixe isso
I like how people like this but have zero idea what is going on

Is that cheese?
Fudge isn’t it?
Kanye I did not get you tatted on my body to tweet photos of cheese and fudge
Is this chocolate?
My fat ass thought these were some dry ass brownies
Just like people
Now I’m craving fudge.
Is this cheese or clay
I love this.  We are but clay in the potter's hands.
Wtf
Possibilities Of Infinite Subjective To Timing, Timing Is Prefixed Which No1 Can Beat, You Need To Come Off Social Media Study How Universe Works, Stop Blaming People For Your Downfall, All This Happened When Your Mum Died I Get It People Deal With Things Differently, Its A Shame
Yo, Everybody dissed on YEEZY season 1.  Since that time the colors of your collection have defined street fashion.  Killin' it!
Are those for the wall you can build for Trump to keep kissing his behind?
Yeezy soap?
il a l'air chelou ton pilon
Chocolate fudge, soap, brownies,cheese, clay the possibilities of guessing what these pics really are endless
Color patterns for the next Yeezy Season
Just us bougie games <3
I need u bro @kanyewest
Love a good but of cheese
Is this loss?
Omfg. The colors. Bless these earthen, ochres, and neutral tones.
It's mouldable chocolate!
Kanye is the modern Aztec fashion designer
Is that cheese?
Color schemes crazy!!!!!
@kanyewest haha wow i love arts and crafts. did you also know that if you put a ball of tin foil in the microwave it will smooth out and become really shiny? try it!!
Cut from the same clay
Is this cheese
What are those

Are you helping trump pick out the material of what the wall should be made of? 
Actually mathematically speaking there is a finite number of possibilities with this pic. I know is a figure of speech but due to your alternative facts you been spreading thought to try and help you.
Driving through LA with all the colors
Molding -on planting seeds- negation! #wisdomspeaks 
MINERALS, MARIE
It’s the yeezys new colors 
Kanye is nothing more than a plagiarizing trolling monkey!  "An dats da truuf".
You selling chocolates....
Leave kayne alone before I Scoopity  whoop poop from u
What
um Kanye, those are rocks
LBJ was in the KKK:
Infinite corny
#blockchain #decentralization
Are these chocolates
Here we have the different shades of black: creamy black, jet black, light skin brother jack black... infinite possibilities
Fishsticks.
Those look like they taste good
You have mad old Dinosaurs cucking about you. They are cuckolds who are clucking for more responses from you.
My fatass thot this was either Chocolate or Brownie 
@FBI are we dealing with semtex in this case?


I don’t get it
Is that a brownie
Of crap
Yo

Blink twice if you need help
Limitless Creationism <>
I can't wait until you have trouble in your marriage, record and album and give us the Kanye West we know,,, you've gone soft man
Damn Kanye West can get 700 retweets for some putty and I can’t get more than 1
50 shades of dirt
Essence of sand
Making #energy
I love jack cheese
Infinite follow @PyrocynicalTV
Geology Lab
new shoe idea 
is the yellow one cheese?
So much nougat!
You’ve lost your mind
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick
Looks like chocolate.
Hmmm... is the message people's minds are like blocks of moldable clay that can look like shit sometimes and blank slates at other times? I think you're on to something big with your introspection @kanyewest
@lucyvlt I thought this was a brownie
I don’t even wanna know how expensive the furniture is just keep it
What’s happening?
Art therapy.
Holy crap. Is that ALL clay?!
Covfefe
Are these your next product
I thought those were brownies
is that soap??
@realDonaldTrump would only want to keep the white clay...see how much that limits your possibilities?
Lots of black republicans would disagree with that...
Is this your rock collection?
WIth infinite powers.
Whit you daein
Thought that little yellow wedge was cheese tbh
This looks like a cityscape or a townscape with a car driving around in it.  hmmmmm...*rubs chin*.  Where is this?
are these erasers?
Is that chocolate???
is that Swiss cheese
After molding all that, I bet the @clayaiken
@kanyewest can you please use that as a bar??? 
Is this loss?
is that cheese bc Yes
What is going on
@rayferrarotsn @TSNBobMcKenzie @DarrenDreger  parallax
Their breath of fire can not mold you
Their reign of tears can not unfold you
Their blinding darkness can not control you
Their cries of fear can not behold you
Preach brother Kanye
Isaiah 64:8
Isaiah 41:25
Isaiah 45:9
Jeremiah 18:6
Color waves
@yaaasica bro dragon energy 
thank god
thank god!
man nails 2% @BIRDMAN5STAR
E we ques eso o para que o que salu
Is that fudge? I love fudge. Dark chocolate fudge, strawberry, salted carmel, milk chocolate, oreo cookie, vanilla, peanut butter, cookie dough, snickers, butterfingers... the possibilites are endless. #fudge
My ass thought this was chocolate.
Oooh free brownies
is this cheese
IS THIS L O S S ?
Imagine being so rich and out of touch that you start playing with rocks and minerals
Gets
Idk of this is cheese or fudge
Probably colors for new yeezy clothing
gr8 pics.
Greetings
Yeezy season 7
Trying to create a new yeezy colorway?
Can’t wait for this Kanye X Wes Anderson collab!!
I totally get what you're saying, but it looks like clay.
https://hitbtc.com/?ref_id=5ae77f3280561 …
Buy cryptocurrencies and make some good money
Just click on the link and get rich!
Mmmm, fudge
I like this... infinitely going to buy the album 
Your a bleedin mentller 
Time is irrelevant mind over matterlove the soul that became you release the thought that relies on you
How can you have infinite possibilities with finite resources #PrisonersDilemma
Diversity?
Man im really interested to what these are for
Infinite Stones

@QuackityHD
They’re minerals Marie!
Just one question, is your LSD prescribed or street dealer kind cause bro you're off the chain lately!!
Is this loss?
When you have a finite number of objects, you can’t have infinite anything.
Send me a pair of yeezys please king
If you need a photographer let me know. Can’t be out here out of focus when you’re trying to focus that dragon energy

it's just rocks Kanye
Wat are these things @kanyewest they look like fudge and chocolate to me I want to eat them
Dat ash looks dope
Brownies and cheese obv
Kanye should have his own Uni/College based on design (Fashion | Interior | Stage | ...etc).

#Yesign 
call me weird but I love the colours.
are you mental?
You sculptin? Is that Chavant?
.... and that children, Is how the Fudge Is made  "I" love me: some fudge !!
Thanos ain’t got nothing on these stones
Beginning of Kanye's westworld.
This isn’t normal.
Whatcha workin on over there, Kanye? 
I'm not that good ..lol
Chocolate
What the hell Kim did to you?
