“When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child; when I became a man, I did away with childish things.”
1 CORINTHIANS 13:11 AMP
"Truly I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven."

- Matthew 18:3

Huh

Kids throw tantrums.
Dude... you’re killing me 
Please help 9 billion of brazilian kids and bring iCarly to Brazil
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
I like kids
@FBI
@CIA
@Reuters
The PO PO can’t stop me

Don’t you have kids to pay attention to?
Dont you have something better to complain about?!
Were all gay fish
man lately you been trippin lol


"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
Great example #Soros #PodestaMolesta #Hoggwash
Soldier get yer guns mission #NaziAgenda2030 Also Dysney Hlwd DC pizzagate pedogate #HRC #Pedovore #Humantrafficking #Satanic #SpiritCooking all connected. Care to explain anyone?  #realDonaldTrump
Sorry bro but im a grown ass man. What are you talking about
I'm grown as well but if Kanye says I'm a kid then I'm a damn kid
Good for you bro. But he aint a god to me or anybody in that order.
We’re all babies.  We’re just babies - Digable Planets.  Some of the best hip hop ever.

In the hands of God
Bruh you're 40 whole years old
but he got money and fame so he can be everything not like us having to follow rules to reach a point where you follow rules that you learned and that nobody told you to learn because you were brainwashed by adult life. kids are always right cause they've never known (i'm french)
Let’s create the longest thread ever... let’s count to a million.  I’ll start....1 (reply your next number)
No
Also no
Kids don’t do this shit... bitch
And I love how Soros can’t buy you and Candace!! Good job!!
You rant like a kid alright.....
spoiled kids...with wifi & smart phones.
could do a Kids remix with MGMT, i have horrible taste in music but i’m sure it would absolutely fuck
why am i tweeting musical advice to kanye west?
that would definitely fuck
Krakye woo gyimiii ooo . Na y3 steady
Some in age and some in mentality...choose.
We’re all somebody’s kids

@Logic301 Your album speaks the truth.
ok
I ain’t realize I @ u lol my bad
dawg you killing me

Foll me
KIDS SEE GHOSTS
Kids see melosters like you.
fuck outta here
Would you like to elaborate on tht

in the eyes of our Lord Jesus Christ
We’re all crazy.
KOD @JColeNC
Kids See Ghost
No...
Poopity scoop
gods kids
@lewismackenz8
Especially @Angel6_9_ 
Amen to that...
Wat r u saying why wat
In the hands of the Almighty 
Sity XX - Marie's interlude
Yup. 
Except for the adults. 
And seniors. 
Eckspecially seniors.
Ifb
@mamá
Mom: You're behaving like a little kid

Me:
And we are all students....
Nein ich bin über 18 du Hundesohn!!!   
You know this when you get old and even older
Deadass I was talking about this on a podcast Friday. We can't be creatives if we refuse to be kids.
No u
Cite my cousin, @KekePalmer!!
I do agree with you no matter what age we are in 
And looking for our parents
Somebody take this mans phone away.
Mentally for sure
we stilll learning
go home
No we aren't, but our leaders govern us thusly


We are not kids. We are children of this world. We never grow older for this earth. But we are still grown ups in our own ways. Don't let the devil win over u. U need God. #iloveyoukanyewest.
but then we never can learn anything
Can’t believe we’re all an mgmt song wow what a story Kanye
THOSE were the days...
A simpler, easier time by
our forefathers & ‘ma
dukes,’ who somehow...
held it ALL, together
#OurGang
Check
do you smoke weed anymore?
Hai-hai don't lie.....you ain't no kid Kanye
yes
We're all slaves
I love you
Only the wisest of us are.
@LemonJuiceLilly what we always say
You’re my dad
See ghosts
Fax
Stop
see ghost
What’s the difference between a kid to  an adult? other than responsibilities and managing a schedule you all look to the Bible for answers that’s already within yourself. your bible has been given to you by your government to induce you to a mentality of slavery.
Scooping poop I think.
I dare you to rt one more tweet from him...
no we are not
You are a damn grown man with kids
If he says I'm a kid then I'm a kid and so are all of us
Bro we are teens.
Everyone is a kid brother. Kids teens seniors are all kids at heart
LISTEN TO THE KIDS
Yea I do actually feel like a kid still
You are
Lol I’m a big kid 
@BlckNaum
Amen
So you not an adult anymore ?
You still have the same genetic make up you had as a kid. So it would be deemed politically correct to say “we’re all kids” 
Oh alright..wow
Do you just say things for the sake of saying things ? Slavery was a choice ? I think you've had some great hits but you've got to let the public know your not thinking properly . Your entitled to your own opinion but if it sounds to stupid to say then it probably is . TC K x
Wrong
#atheart
 Gods children @kanyewest
@kanyewest you are just a messed up one
Speak for yourself bro
Aged children, the inner child never dies
Inner kids:)  this and tweets above deserves a follow @skywriter777
... we have just been domesticated.
K
In Gods eyes.
got my kid on, every day! wheeeeeee
We are children of God!
Please pray for my Guinea pig.

Your a kid who needs a good as whoopin. Why don’t you like black people anymore? Only color you care about is green
Kids at heart but we still have to grow up and parent our kids.  Kids can’t raise kids
Imagine having a father like Kanye. What sense u gon learn from a dad that thinks of himself as a kid? Jus askin. 
NO - we're not all kids! Some of us are responsible, creative adults. There is no shame in being an adult. But there's a lot of shame in being an adult with the mind and stupidity of a child. And supporting an irresponsible childlike president is stupid.
No, we're not.

NeverNever Land.
No, you need to grow up, and buy your nephew the legos.
‘Be ye as a little child.”
impregnate me kanye
I agree! Everyone had a inner child inside of them. Some people are shy to show it. Lol
I'm a big kid now lol
@Littleonesatheart
You certainly are....
c a n c e l l e d
you are.
No, you are NOT.
#FKW
Believe me I know...and the first 65 years of childhood are the hardest
Some more so than others.
Nah bruh..  These bills and court cases say different! Tf. 
http://Theravenandfalcon.com ...  the kids are alright..
We are all kids at heart but when time to play adult we need to put away our toys
No Kanye we’re not. Plenty of people who have no inner child, no child hood, nothing but abuse and damaged people who’s childhood have been taken. Hence our drug problem
Children of God.
Even my 96 year old grandmother?
Big Facts
Not me

...Seeing ghosts ?
Send me some yeezys pleezy!!! #Day1Fan
And we will always be children
That’s a fact
“All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. “ ~ Pablo Picasso
Some of us sometimes are all kids. thanks alot toys r us its all there ad campaigns fault XD
Go on...
MGMT collab confirmed
Obviously
Playing the game of life !
Amen that #Igetyou
We think we changed but we’re still the same
No nigga. We got Bills and shit!
North, is that you?

It is you... tweetin from your father’s phone...
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
I’m your kid, that’s right it’s me yo son
Marcial Maciel likes this post
At heart maybe!
Listen to the kids bro!
"Kids" are baby goats.  Speak for your baphomet, I mean self.
We're all big kids 
And sometimes we got to grow up
That's sounds like something a pedo would say lol
"We're just babies man, just babies..." -Digable Planets
Yes, absolutely for our parents and one and only God the almighty .

I know I still sm

Yok daha neler. kendi adına konuş dayı.
You’re 40 dadye
Kids trying to force growth. .so hypocritical
POOP-DI-SCOOPTY
Agreed, I still collect toys, skateboard, etc. I think we are evolved in some ways, but a lot of ways we are still a kid at heart!
We are all follow @PyrocynicalTV
We ARE all children of God.

Am grown ye!

We're all man-children

I guess thats why you need to grow up.
Wat color dry bag do u like. I wanna make u one

Go lay down on an couch get your feeling out and come back
That is why so many children are quick to criticise adults. We have to lead by example.
