
When i first saw this picture i was very moved! It says it all! Mr President @realDonaldTrump  this is how we see you and how we will remember your sacrafice to save our nation! May God Bless you Sir, and your efforts to…





No again
These fucking mossad bots
Wow this lowkey flames Kanye release this
Delete this nephew
Why is kanye doing this to us tho
It’s a voiceover lmao
People still questioning his actions are stupid af considering he dropped a song explaining it all today
Exactly.  Known as Kanye Intuition
I hope they don't figure out MLK was a conservative otherwise statues will come down and all our schools and streets will be renamed.
Being a Republican in the 1950s was different. Martin Luther King Jr. also spoke out on how capitalism corrupts people and vouched for a universal basic income, but facts are hard for those who don't understand history or nuance. https://kinginstitute.stanford.edu/king-papers/documents/notes-a …
It’s just the fact that Democrats were the ones enforcing ‘Jim Crow’ laws and segregation. It was Democrat Public Safety Commissioner Eugene Connor who set vicious dogs and set fire hoses on civil rights demonstrators in Birmingham.
Both parties have changed. Policy approaches have shifted since the Civils Rights Era. Republicans in the 50s are more like modern Democrats than modern Republicans. MLK had socialist tendancies, and would be an Independant that would probably vote Democrat in their modern form.
Absolutely incorrect. There's a reason why liberals get so angry when someone who is black, Hispanic, female or LGBT speaks against victim culture. Victim culture keeps people down & makes you a slave to the system. Democrats plant these seeds so they can exploit them.
Wheras Republicans create policies to marginalize and exploit them. Hellooooo War On Drugs. Both parties are fucked up. I'm not fans of either, but the plague of Evangelical Republicanism is far more dire. Descriminatory policy creates victims far more than 'victim culture' does.
I would have hoped by now that Democrats would have out grown their true deep seated racism. But no, they tell every black man to shut up if they don't have the right opinion. Maybe they will put him in a dress like Martin or send him to Africa like Dave Chappell.

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
Yeah, everyone stop thinking, it’s working for Kanye at the moment.
Stop tweeting so much
Just wait until @benshapiro hears about this after sabbath...
I even think in my sleep

that is actually a point. Life lesson, right there. Thank you.
Kanye
I’m trying

The drugs are killing you ,Trump's fan

You win tweet of the day..
Maybe you should stop feeling so much and start thinking

Silver Springs by Fleetwood Mac, Kanye. That IS the song.
Kanye likes my shirt :)

This is terrible advice.
I think Kanye is referring to our intuition... Just a thought... Each of us can take from it what we choose... Sometimes overthinking can could your judgement, at which point ; ) Know thyself!! ...That's just my take, tho...
Exactly. He could have said trust your gut & use logic. That would be good advice. He didn't. He said ignore logic & follow the impulses you feel. Compulsions aren't necessarily real. this is awful advice if someone is under mind control and unaware they are being ABUSED.
I see both points!! I'm a #Huuuge fan of #Logic !! Having said that, most people have not learned how to use logic properly, because we are programmed to think it's "impossible"... : (
emotional intelligence is good
Yeh except vast majority (not all)of the lefts criticism of Trump is feeling. That's the problem with our country and politics-left is only about what THEY feel and right doesn't care enough about others feelings. Both sides are poisoning this country but y'all too blind to see.
emotions behind the steering wheel
ty qui-gon
I'll trust facts
Said a thought
Thanks Kanye, God bless you and your loved ones. Ignore the haters and stay strong.
And STOP CALLING EVERYONE NAZIS ppl on the left..... And stop watching the mainstream media they're lying to you and I put my children on it.
I'd say we need to stop rolling around in our feelings and use our damn brains more.
No
Kanye West doesn't care about any people (but himself).
This is the worst philosophy since Heidegger sided with the Nazis
@kanyewest I am thinking you should keep dropping truth bombs to free the black community from democrat oppression resulting in regression. Freedom is not being taken care of by liberal programs designed to create dependence on government handouts #holdtheblackvote
Ok dad
No one’s accusing you of thinking.
a memoir.
You fired
No scoopdity poop
Prado De Los Idiotas must be YOUR street in the Oaks!
Your "feelings" are supporting a doddy old racist.
THINK [OUTSIDE OF THE BOX]
Imagine drake, and the weeknd being a lot more capable, the last good song he done was touch the sky, that was in 2005
You’ve confused me mate
I’ve read it to see where is the confusion, i can’t see it?
You said something about the weekend? But all I’ve done is watched tele?
“Weeknd” not weekend... his a singer
Oh right 
Trust your gut and feelings*
You are proof. We should think more.
Stop tweeting so much
Thanks, Luke Skywalker. You've really tapped into something all your own there.

The president practiced this right before he said "I just grab 'em by the pussy" into a live microphone. @HamillHimself
Studies show that low-effort thinking tends to produce conservative outcomes while higher-effort thinking tens to produce liberal outcomes. Is that why you love Trump so much?
Holy shit. The studies showed it!
Yes, it did.

https://2012election.procon.org/sourcefiles/low-effort-thought-promotes-political-conservatism-2012.pdf …


My feelings tell me your feelings hurt when you try to think.







Facts don't care about your feelings.
And yet my gut feelings which are based on facts are usually right.  Overthinking does get me into trouble.  

I'll overanalyze everything.   

Get some experience so you can understand where Kanye is coming from.
thank u ye
Enough dragon poop for one week.
Book recommendation! @TimSGrover trained Jordan and @DwyaneWade. His book Relentless really dives into trusting instinct.

https://amzn.to/2r6YKi6 
 I can’t believe YOU just wrote that. You seem unable to take your own advice.
He’s right. SOO My feelings are that Kim is a bad Influence on him. Dude is going crazy. “Slavery a choice” and a Trump supporter?? My feelings say he should’ve found a wife who resembled his mom in personality. A stronger woman. Smh I miss the old Kanye
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing! > https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/990322711422423040 … <
Dude you need to start maybe think a lill bit....That's a good advice for u if you ask me
reaction is what got us here its time to think then feelings can change!!
That is what's wrong with literally everything.
...use the force.
If you EVER have the opportunity to engage in a private audience with President #Trump, you are Obligated to speak on behalf of the poor and oppressed, especially Black Americans. We have NO Representatives in Congress that will Do this! They’re ALL SUCKERS!
The #1 Order Of Business shall be to: Establish under the Protection Of The U.S. Constitution, #Inalienable, #HumanRights, Natural Rights & LEGAL Citizenship,of Black “Americans”=Persons born in USA, the descendants of Africans kidnapped &trafficked to USA to serve as Slaves!
IF you hold a meeting with Mr. Trump to discuss ANYTHING other than This Order, then YOU TOO, are parasite of and to, The Black Community! And you can use your autographed #MAGA cap, for TOILET PAPER! #DragonEnergy cc: @Tip #YeVsThePeople
Sometimes i feel like the black mentality is on Salary!
Fuck a Victims Mentality!
Forcing a W is O.G.!
- SOZ!
This ain't a Shot at ye.. This my Way of saying Ye.. I Agree!
mage to fekram mikoni hooriyana joon
YOOOOOO that was good  pishraft kardi shoombool

You will never be accused of thinking too much.
This is very true.
This is how ideologies spread. Understand what you feel. Don’t think yourself out of feeling it. But do not automatically listen to your feelings. Think critically, think for yourself.
Hail Ryan Henneberger, profoundly gifted elocutionist and political science minor, venerated by all, the preeminent mind of his generation, dread bane of demagogues and dissemblers. Truly in awe.
Hail Joey, edgy contrarian passing swift judgement at the slightest connotation of any serious discussion to prove himself more self aware and above those petty masses.
Hail Ryan, replying to a fucking Kanye West tweet. I rest my case.
Has your heartbreak inspired some cynicism in you joe?
Why is Ayat in this conversation
I think I commented off of her retweet. Poor Ayat.
Yea I’ve been trying to figure out how to leave this for a while now
Did your feelings tell you to appeal to Maga for marketing? Or did you think that one through
Do you feel obliged to stay shackled to the Democratic party when after 50 years they still haven't done anything for you? Or do you just hate on @kanyewest now because he's thinking for himself?? #Salty #MAGA #WOKEN #Trump2020 #TheGreatAwakening #TRUTH #Qanon #FreeThinking
They've done a hellava lot more than the David Duke supported, Klan backed GOP and @kanyewest should know better.
Stupid? You don't know history. The dixicrats  ( racists ) moved to the GOP when then civil rights act was passed. Read a history book.
Keep telling yourself that.. you are being controlled and can't even see it.. answer me one question.. what is the black unemployment rate under Trump vs Obama??? #RealFacts
You’re a boss, Kanye.
@_BoyAreUDumb this is your calling @__ixl @gogojimbo65 @TheresAlfonso25 @djvogue
His feelings have been telling him to jerk off for the past 14 days straight
Think about #neblio $NEBL #cryptocurrency bro.

Nice batch of comments you've got here. Looks like everybody took your advice about not thinking. But I don't think their feelings are what you were hoping they'd be.
Feel his sweat upon your chin. Feel his deep dragon feelings
DRIVE SLOW HOMIE
I feel I don’t like you anymore

Easy, they'll just get Don 'suck on a' Lemon  to call Kanye an "Uncle Tom" and a "House Ni**a".
You’ve clearly already stopped thinking mate.
When you start thinking for yourself, the bullies come out. Get free!
When you start praising Donald Trump, people have every right to call you an idiot. Get free!
Kanye West, stop being a fucking bell end, how's that?
thats told him 
It has right! 
yeah he’ll take that fully on board 
This is bad advice.

Kanye literally a Jedi now. “Let go Luke.”
Don’t tell me what to do.
Clap for yourself son. You’ve managed to get me to download your single. How low would u go to promote your record? 
which you obviously did years ago.
Thanks for working to unify Americans, Kanye.
Everyone always wants celebrity's to think and act how they want them to. Celebrity's are human too! @kanyewest  has a right to tweet what he wants and support who he wants.
However, it’s also okay to agree but disagree.
฿uy ฿itcoin @kanyewest!
You sound like George W Bush for Christ's sake.  Remember when he said he trusts his gut more than his brain.  Very privileged of you.
He looked Trump in the eye, and, kinda got a sense of his soul, etc...
Got that dragon energy shit just reading the orange man's aura.
Synchronicity is a huge part of awakening..are you seeing number sequences 1111 or 5555? This is the spiritual realm trying to get your attention..live consciously
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apophenia 
If you have a linear mind stuck in a 3rd dimensional reality..love and light
@lovesarafaye @2_Jaaaayz @rellz___ @FranceFiguerres this was aimed at us last night during code names.
“Anaconda 5”
Lmfaooo @ anaconda 5 
@AadiTX34
I'll try man I really will
Love you king
I love you king
@kirstygeorgia8  this is you all over..
true 
Para para
steady eddy
@hosleyg33
... Said the Sith Emperor from Star Wars.

That is probably the worst advice I've heard. 

"The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure." Jeremiah 17:9. But read Jeremiah 17:5-9. Do not put your trust in man or even your own heart. Trust in God alone.
5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
Phillipians 2:5
...The LORD does not look at the things people look at. People look at the outward appearance, but the LORD looks at the heart.
Samuel 16:7
Yes, the verse I quoted says something very similar. Still, a righteous man doesn't follow his heart. If a man follows his heart his focus is not on God. Selfishness does not breed righteousness. Alternatively, If a man follows God it will positively impact his heart.
No no no, Kanye. More thinking, less feelings. You were so close...
Clearly you stopped a long time ago
Right there with you on free speech and the right to express your views but you are fooling yourself if you think the actions by @realDonaldTrump won't have long-term negative impacts. Short-term economic bumps eventually fade and recent legislation will only make the fall harder
This is CNN...
I wish CNN would focus on real economic analysis. Reducing regulations instead of making regulations more efficient and reducing taxes without matching appropriate adjustments to expenditures will simply cause instability..and another crash #badforsociety #regulationsbasedonfacts
Relying on "feelings" rather than rational thought is how Democrats got the inner cities into the trouble they are in.
That's not what he means.  

Some of us overanalyze and end up never trusting.
Rational thought always provides the solution to a problem. Feelings are for girls in junior high.
Trust your intuition. dont let outside thought effect your subconscious. You are who you believe you are, you just need to make the right choices. if you believe it, its already happened, you just need to recognize the distractions #MAGA #Qanon8chan #ReleaseTheTexts
Ummm— I’d suggest that you actually START thinking & then keep that  to yourself
I feel like you’re fucking up
You got that drug addiction on yourself. There are many successful people in this world yet they still think straight. The success don't bring addiction.
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
What if I both think AND feel that you’re trash tho
@anuurjan @AneilSanghera Kanye spitting those exam truths
No
wow...really...stop thinking so much...like this has been a problem in america lately...please, we are dying of lack of rational thinking...lerd...you know who really needed to trust their feelings and stop thinking so much...weimar germany...haved a bessed day all...
Trust in cryptocurrency
Or... maybe think a little more.
Never trust just your feelings: "The heart is deceitful above all things."
Just stop talking on top of not thinking
Shut up and play the hits
Sometimes this is the exact opposite of what we should be doing.
Wow. Wrong. So wrong. This is literally what has us here right now. All feelings. No thinking.
You should make fortune cookies
Love you Kanye!!! The leader of the free thinkers movement!!! 
You should listen to yourself!
Get out’cha feelings so much and start thinking
Wish it was that simple 
Go to hell
Will  why so brutal fam! I can't 
. I’m a sweetheart lmao


Ok I believe you...
Henry West
There is only one Prysor Lew.. I mean Josey wales @prysorlewis
Ye
@yarirobles_  what if he right
Actually
Go with logic playa that feelings is get you to marry a hoe

@pu30302
I trying  better than before 
Scoopity poop
Scoop doop loop poop soup
@ellenaxo1
Think Töm #Töm @AntoMcmahon @davidmy63049392 @TomFagan87
Stop tweeting so much 
I’m sorry, are you advocating that I think less?

"Donald Trump is your
president get use to it"

@realDonaldTrump …
Keep preachin’ Yeezy 
How do you feel about #bitcoin?
Feelings brought us burning Copernicus, the Inquisition, the dark ages, the Nazis, the KKK, ISIS wars, and terror.
Reason saved us and will continue to save us from our emotional, primitive self.
Reason is dialogue leading to understanding 
So think more, not less.
Wow I needed this thanks yeezus
trust your feelings e tome no cu voce quer dizer ne...
Nailed it!
Obama did nothing
I agree with this I wish I could quit worrying so much...
Always trust your gut->more accurate than anything!
bro you tweeting like one of them fake celebrity parody accounts
Will you retweet me??  I want to get to 5000; it’s slow going. #FBR. #resist @1VoiceForMe #1Voice
Thank u West
Stable genius, no doubt
wtf
Our Feelings sometimes are wrong.
This is horrible advice lol
Bad advice!
follow @PyrocynicalTV
Boy bye!!!
@ScarletMcKfever
Just do what comes natural
I’m a free thinker, Kanye
ok
Ah, well, we could easily have guessed @kanyewest isn't thinking. Thanks for confirming that, dragon breath.
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
Remember when Trinity had to hack into Neo's mind to get him woke from the Matrix?  Trinity is the inner Soul & Heart, Neo is the Mind born into the shackles & control that keep him down [here].  Neo is to think, but Trinity is to LEAD.
"honestly man… their dishonesties grand… my odyssey planned to withstand their artistry bland… n pardon me man… its just a part of me fam… my arteries jam, each time they make a mockery DAMN… remarkably planned"
WHAT KKKANYE SHOULD HAVE SAID:

Trust your feelings
Confront trump's freewheeling

Stop thinking so much
Trump hurts his brain much, hand him a crutch, but he hates the disabled and has them labeled, so out of touch!
Il est pour trump maintenant..
????!
Tu retweet Kanye West alors qu’il a dit qu’il adhérait au idées de Trump.
Juste pour te prévenir des haters c a dire 90% de Twitter.
oh god je savais pas ! Depuis quand ?
Y’a grave une polémique à propos de ça genre le mec dit que lesclavage c un choix..
Il peut dire des choses graves belles et inspirante mais aussi des grosses conneries
oh chaud..
You okay bro?
Just being danced along with my life (like that time you danced me out of the room)
Classic you rocked that so I’m sure you killin life
@iirokaukua me @ me ordering pizza when
omfg the word order of that tweet i’m logging off
Stop tweeting so much
don't follow him anymore?
Ya cause all the thousands of ppl retweeting him doesnt show up on my timeline or anything
@BinaKiran don't think too hard it's blood
#MAGA !!!
Stop tweeting so much
Do you think it’s a good move by Rangers going for Stevie G?
what about u?
I think it’s risky as fuck but I’m on board 
it is but like i sed anyone wud be risky. gary mac as assistant will play a big part...i wish him all the best. weve no choice but to be on board. if everybody slags/doubts him whats it gunna achieve? ill never shout his name but everyone deserves a break
Well we all have a choice, why won’t you shout his name?
who wud u of chose?
Personally I like the thot of Neil warnock
hes a journeyman tho n wen a clubs lookin for a fresh approach and stability an older generation wudunt bring that in my opin. id take warnock purely on experience n rightly so but bringing in gerrard signals a project n a complete freshen up in all aspects
Facts don't care about your feelings.
Nah
You were born just like trump to flip the entire world do it for mankind show them a new vibe a new program a new door
Whoopity scoop poop
I believe it’s the exact opposite!!
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Bullshit. Learn like an academic. Study like a philosopher. Reason is humanity
@MattyRYT
Naaah. | cc: @benshapiro
@Cbostic37
First we understand but your whole trump thing I ain't vining with it but no one should be judged for their opinion still fuck with you as an artist #ride or die
Even God Almighty says NOT to trust our own feelings  HE says to trust ONLY in HIM! BIBLE
i strongly disagree 
Is that ever an easy thing to do.. we always tend to think first and feel later.. That's if we have anything to feel at all !!
Ever wonder how a kamikaze pilot felt when he realized he was crashing and about to miss his target? Look at your Facebook/Twitter follower numbers and I think you'll know.

