Wait T mills like the same one that said “I fuck this white girl in a pink range and she drive fast in the slow lane she got a neck tattoo and all her clothes are new”
I still bump this
Same
Still blare that track 
Same
Love is the only response to hate
I think it’s vital to express love to all but especially the kids!
I wish more people actually read your tweets rather than assuming things.
Thanks for putting a smile on my face, you're absolutely right.
Bless your heart Kanye. Real love can freely flow when your heart is opened.
@SaraDuwaji no comment
So me.. I love you.
We want iCarly in Brazil! DO SOMETHING!!!
Just go trick or treat at her house in Downey. Every year she passes out candy.
Universal medicine brother. It dissolves all boundaries. 

I love you
I also say....I appreciate you!!! we need more of that...Love your Kanye!!!
I don’t love douchebags..... you are a douchebag.... no...a TOTAL douchebag
I always say
I LOVE YOU!!! And God Bless
Wait...Travis mills?
i was like LMAOOOOO they’re friends?? now i’m disappointed
i thought the same thing  i’m like what a FUCKIN WEIRD dynamic
dead ASS  now i want to start a http://change.org  petition for them to become friends so i can be happy
you with me?
Good.df
@ovomill yo tmills, didn't realize you and Kanye were so tight
Oh my fucking god what am I actually reading
and for this I love you Kanye
And hatred. You spew love and hatred. #details
Tmills 
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Definitely need more love in this world, wouldn’t be in this mess if we did.
My husband grew up never really saying those words to his family or hearing them. My family was the exact opposite. We LOVE everybody. Now I’ve got all my in-laws saying it! It really makes a difference
That's the way God intended us to be
Isn't Trump the opposite? I have only seen hate expressed.
You mean like claiming all Mexicans are rapists, like your new buddy does?

It’s funny because I say I love you to all of my friends and family when I’m leaving. And sometimes I’ve gotten a strange awkward reaction. But honestly I always feel that maybe that would be the last time I see them. We gotta love people. Really LOVE them. That’s how Jesus is.
If we’re gonna express love lets do it through equality & respect. I prefer respect than hearing you love me while you spit in my face.
I still haven't heard it 
live it, show it, because saying it is just cheap sentiment.
A changed man, or we you always this way and you weren't expressing it the way you had hoped it would be received? Start with @taylorswift13  Rude actions when you took her award away. Bet you wish you could take that back!
@absocan  you 
it. Love you Kanye
Not so much you need to say it. Expressing it is the true 
It probably would feel pretty groundbreaking for a narcissist to start saying "I love you" lol
We do this @pecansandyp
I love you
GETSEH HAYASTAN 
@kanyewest pulls people out of a dark place, you’re blessed to have him as a friend.
I love you, Kanye! #JesusWalks
I love your message
@SpanishEP meet Kanye, Kanye meet Spanish. He tells EVERYONE that he loves them. all the time He is on a #1 morning show in Tampa with @MrMikeCalta  and @1025TheBone  it makes Mike feel weird to #SpreadTheLove #ILoveyouto
I love you
yes
Love win
Love can not come from a negative energy source. It is a scientific impossibilty. And a negative energy source can not be changed, manuevered, or transformed into a positive energy source. You may want to love but you were created not to. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
@MisfitLeBeau hey u know I have a bad habit of priding myself on the truth. I know that isnt a good thing but i tell no lies. Lies are for ugly people ;-)
Love of money.
Kinda crazy how people have less to say when you mention LOVE!! 
@kayypaige_ Why r we having the same convos as Kanye!! #Universe I love you Kels 
omg lol i love you Sam 
I’ve always felt it easy to say I love you some people say you shouldn’t say it all the time as it looses it’s impact. If anything ever happened to me I want my last words to be I love you 
I agree with this 1k% - Spread love - always spread love. However I don’t understand why you would stand up for someone who expresses hate, bigotry, sexism, & FEAR. An illogical person who spreads gossip, defends his own agenda & never NEVER considers different perspectives.
Say I love you to everyone except @realDonaldTrump
Faggggggggggggggghhhhh
Do you think that @realDonaldTrump expresses love? Do you thing that he expresses love in his actions ? In his polices ? If so, to who does he express love to?
Are you sure it wasn't @LILBTHEBASEDGOD ?!
They threw up a wp sign in photo with you
Blessings, Kanye!  You are on the right path here.
Love is the only thing that can save the WORLD! The only thing. And the crazy thing is.....it's not even that complicated:)
soooo, when trump showed you his form of moral values u thought it a good idea to spread that ?
Love is not an emotion or feeling it’s a choice. So choose love. When all things pass Love will still remain. #CommitteeCollective
BRO, you're so right I wish I said I Love You to my Pops more now he's passed but every day I say to my MOM I Love You. I'm 47 your what we need in the hood a caring thinker that wants nothing but good for our children. Your like @realDonaldTrump rich but care for the kids.
Mannn. Kanye I feel the same way. Were not promised tomorrow, at all. I always try & remember that & do my best to tell ppl I love em each time it hits me, that "this" isn't forever. IDGAF if it's weird to some ppl, its important ... aint tryna be a tough n***a. ima be REAL.
I only liked you because my son loves your ways and your music. Now, I Love You for You !!
Appreciating the people you have in your life.
What the fuck ever Kardashian Cuckhold
dedicated to you Kanye.. Much love. + Respect. i look forward to your positive words.
The same way you want to be seen, we want to be seen. To embrace people and ideas that don’t see or value us ....just don’t feel like love.
Yo how many times you tripped this past week
You should read @bobgoff books.  He is all about spreading love.  We can all learn how to do it better.
@FaithHalena6  this reminds me of u lol my mom yelled at me for not telling you I love you back on the phone 
I always have to tell people love you!!
Love u
So true easier to say thank to accept but more difficult to feel.
@JakeDeFonzo 

If I was your girlfriend  it’s all there....
Good for him. I too always say, I love you. I sign cards “Loving you always” because tomorrow is never promised, “YOLO”, Life is short... As you mature and lose those you love, you’re left wishing you would have just said, “I love you. You are my heart! #SpreadTheLove #Hugsomeone
I LOVE YOU 
THANK GOD THIS WASN’T A TRAVIS MILLS REFERENCE. THAT WOULD BE THE NAIL IN THE COFFIN AND END OF KANYE
i love you kw
Tell me what kind of love did Trump show black athletes when he called them sons of b****** how about Mexicans when he called him rapist how about his love for the Muslims how about the fact that he's been found guilty of racial discrimination in his housing units against blacks
Love is free, & the most powerful force in the world.
It’s never about finding your authentic Self, it’s always been there. It’s about giving your authentic Self permission to speak.
You’re shoes are ugly
Pop Culture teaches men that expressing love makes them weak.

Pop Culture is wrong.
I Love You..
I’ve never heard 1 song of yours —don’t really know that much about you...this tweet is true, love needs to be expressed because love lives in us, God is love & He resides in all. 
When you say “I love you” it is a *re-membering* acknowledging THE BODY of Christ.
Peace to you.
I make sure my family and friends hear it all the time, regardless if I’m pissed at them lol
Never really have followed you much but I’m gonna follow yeah it’s nice to see someone with free thought because that’s the way a lot of us are
You can say " i love you" twenty times a day doesn't mean you mean it.
I love you my King, do you love me? Please tell me.
Hearing is one thing, but isn't seeing believing
@jonzoba
That's how it begins, 1 grain of sand at a time "I love you 2"
When you say I love you to someone they hear, “I love you” in their heads. Instead we should say I love mycellf to everyone and ourselves because we are one and each other and when u say that u hear “I love myself” in your head
Sames
@ochocinco
That's something that should have been express as a child from your parents. And grandparents that's life.@kanyewest
Send me sz10 Yeezy 750 in black and I will say "I LOVE you" and I will vote for anyone you want in 2020.

#MAGASZN
I love you 
Love is expressed in a mutitude of different ways, it is not reserved solely for romance and intimacy. So let your Love shine through.
I prefer you telling me that you respect  me, your respect means more a lot to me. Love can change at any moment.
u risk overusing a phrase so that it ends up meanin nothing
Do you love the Charlottesville White Nationalists more than your pro-Black fans Kanye? Wtf is going on bruh.
Okay-hold on there. I've been watching My @POTUS smooching on Macaroon & really don't care for it. "I love you is fine", maybe a good handshake or small hug, but please don't have a love fest on camera with @POTUS.(yuck) @kanyewest 2024?
Oh yeah
Cool bro love you
After all ... It IS contagious!
Man you've inspired me too @TheWorstGuys_
Same w/ me and my Baba. 
When you tell someone you love them disrespect is no longer allowed in the room.
he is working your angle now @ochocinco i thought you started that love movement?
We  Love u Kanye
@madelainepetsch @travismills he talking about you? Lol
That's so freaking good to read.
#Woke #Love not #Hate
I used to tell my friends this when I was younger and they looked at me weird sometimes. #1love !
@ochocinco has been doing it for years man, learn from the best
Do you love me though?
We did a whole episode on why Black men don't say I love you.
Maybe you should tell the leader of the free world, your friend, that he should lead by example and show more love. Incredible how you can denounce President Bush and praise a man who literally leads with hate, bigotry and sexism. Make it make sense.

I love this and I love you as an artist and independent thinker and just love your whole view on life...and love.

Amen! 
Me too.
Wow Tmills! Drove my daughter to many of his performances and I ended up liking his music.
"You can still love your man and be manly, dog" -Family Business-Kanye

Will always be a fan of yours, but you can't promote love while supporting Trump, a man that promotes and thrives off of division and hate.
Love you
I love you bro.
That’s what’s up #YEEZY.  Your on the path!!! Bless Up
I told my friends I loved them and they kicked me out of the group chat :(
This is is our purpose here on earth, to love!
I Love you
I just wanna love something the way Kanye Loves Kanye!!!! Make the world a better place!!! 
@allisonkatef @Alissakiara222  got me doing the same thing 
Aw I LOVE U
LOVE and saying I love you is the crucial part of everyone, to make this world a better and respected place! We are all one! Kuddos to you Kanye, for expressing to all of us, we need to say and feel it more, for America
It does make people feel weird but I say it anyways, cause I love.
@Ashtynicolee
Why don't you teach that to your new "bully-in-chief" best friend huh?? Oh is the hypocrisy hitting you too hard?
@ochocinco
Then why are you supporting hateful people....if you agree with some of their thoughts, fine. But DENOUNCE THE HATE
I love you now & I did before!
You definitely love yourself.
now kiss dicks
I love you.
''we have love but we dont express it'' Yeah, like in your Sway interview when you apologized and then immediately afterwards you talked shite about him for no reason in a concert. Absolute bollocks.
You preach about love but follow Trump?   I know you've had some mental issues but apparently couldn't get the help you need either, just like too many poor Americans.  What's YOUR excuse??  SHAME ON YOU!!!!
I also tell everyone I love, that I love them. Every chance I get! Well done Mr. @kanyewest!  

I love you Kanye <3

Yes!!! I have to always say it because you just never know
Actions speak louder than words
I love you Kanye
A pair of this yezzy please @kanyewest
Welcome to the New World.
That’s a real friend
You’re a genius, that’s why.

WHO IS THIS DUDE? HE GOT HELLA BARS  
@jaydotwells
@NYStuf lol love you
Yo... you got to hear it
"You can still love your man and be manly dawg."
I like that I also represent love
2
when you mean it, it’s cool, but I know too many ppl that overuse that phrase & don’t mean it
@tmilli23 
“It goes without saying”
“I’m still gonna say it though”
Still feel weird hearing that, one day hopefully ill get comfortable with it
I always say it to my loved ones, life is to short not to
That’s fucking awesome
I’ve always been like that and people get freaked out when I say that I love them like I want to marry them or something how ridiculous. Love is wonderful it should be expressed
People act out in bad ways sometimes because they never felt loved. People need love. Love one another.
So happy you're back man! We need more Kanye, not less
Yesssss! Let people know you love them!
