Education needs to be reformed. Common core is terrible!
There needs to be more classes focused on learning real life things and about specific career paths. Less memorization and repetition.
I bet you couldn't name a Kanye song without googling it
sit down.. I’ve listened to Kanye all through high school. Why are you judging someone you know nothing about? That’s pretty ignorant.
I'm already sitting how dare you assume something about someone you know nothing about
Typical response from someone when they've been shut down. They don't have anything else to add to what they were trying to get across before so they rely on little "I wanna be funny" weak comebacks that only dense minds could create.
Honestly, you either.
please mr. west no more today
You don’t have to follow
Lol ok?
Shit I’m not even black and I’m literally so angry about what you’re saying lately
Then you need to spend some time self reflecting.
I’m more than opened to that but he needs to realize that as a black man with such a huge influence he can not be saying what he’s been saying
He can say what he wants that's the point in trying to make. No one owns his words but him. You should check yourself if you are angry. Something in there needs love and to move forward.
I think confused would have been a better word. I respect him as a man, and I’m all for freedom of thought and speech, but I def think he’s crossing the line
The line is an illusionary measure you created subconsciously. Instead, stand outside the circle and look in and change your perspective. Reflect upon yourself with the new information but do not judge others. That's not your place.
I wish you well @spyni. Good fortune, health and success. Love.
Thank you for that, I wish you all the best as well, we can agree to disagree. At least he’s sparking a debate and bringing more light to social injustice and racial problems
Bruh. The whole point of learning history is so we don’t repeat the mistakes and evils.
How can we fix a problem if we keep talking about it over and over again. What we need is change of mindsets and look onto the future. I love Kanye and what he is doing. We each exist to create and perceive reality as we choose. Much love.
How tf is NOT talking about a problem going to fix it? Talking about problems is how they get fixed, you don't just ignore them.
Yes, talk about it once or twice not over and over again. Must allow the mind to see things differently.
last month we found out that 40% of americans don't know what Auschwitz was, or how hitler came to power. if you don't think that making sure everyone knows how awful the Nazi regime was is a good idea, i suggest you look at the current political climate
I believe the saying is a nation that keeps one eye on the past is wise, a nation that keeps both eyes on the past is blind.
They keep feeding slavery & things that happened long ago to keep black people mentally enslaved. Anyone with a defeatist victim mentality can never succeed. School system is so dumbed down & does not teach any practice things on how to conduct yourself as a successful adult
*practical
I keep asking but none of you answer. What period of time would you have us go back to. That was great? When?
Race relations were way better before obama was elected so maybe right before then.
So right before the recession? Umm that's going to be a no for me dawg.
Imagine...a drop out advising what should be taught in schools. #whatatimetobealive 2018
Why do you think he dropped out??Dropping our of school doesn’t make you ineligible to speak on issues like these ma’am.
No, clearly he is qualified to speak on any and every topic.
Bill Gates dropped out of college. So did Mark Zuckerberg. You don't think they are qualified to talk about these things either?
At a time when Mr. West is voicing his ill informed ideas on every media platform available, I question if he should be proposing class lessons, rather he should probably go educate himself. If Gates and Zuckerberg were doing the same, I'd say the same.
I'm not defending what he said or has said. I was challenging your initial comment of him being a college dropout disqualifying him from speaking on the subject.
Technically he can speak on whatever he likes. But he is unqualified to propose and/or implement class lessons, ppl obtain degrees for that. Of course he can start his own school and do whatever there.
It’s Twitter. Do you really believe that publicly  condemning him as someone who is unqualified to speak on a subject is going to make a dent? We all speak on things of which we are unqualified, like, perhaps, a mega-celebrity's point of view?
All. Of. Us.
The educational system is not designed to encourage independent thought and critical thinking.
Because to get future ideas.
You need to learn about the past. #TuesdayThoughts
Been thinking about this & leaning toward not true, as in history doesn't repeat  (think it does b/c we love patterns) or being rooted in what's been done prohibits thinking about what can be done.  Not prepared to stop reading abt history, lit, etc but not prereq for innovation
Marie Curie died of radiation poisoning so you don’t have to. But if you want to ignore/not learn about the past then so be it.
 Say it louder for those in the back
Vo-Tech
But you have the resources to make this happen...instead of tweeting about it
My public high school is offering video editing and a lot of computer orientated classes and I think it’s progress in the right direction, I take them and they teach a lot
A lot of good that’ll do you when your pipes burst
So, high school should teach plumbing? Parents should teach their kids how to handle life, like turning off the main water when pipes burst. Computers are very important in this day & age. Come on dude
Computer won’t be able to build you a house bro
Uh, yeah it kinda does, dude. Architects use graphic programs to plan it out & spreadsheet programs to determine supplies & costs. They are a part of every facet of life in America. And computer based jobs are always in demand, bro.
Will all stand around the job site staring at a computer while  no work gets done they’ve been building houses for 1000 years without computers or spreadsheet we need electricians carpenters and plumbers in the future too
I don't disagree. In fact, i totally agree. But some people just aren't made for that, and some people are really good with computers.
That’s quite true but not everybody needs to go to college and rack up huge Debt

Oh come on. Globalism? That’s all you got?
Hello Herald, I am not Civilization V.
Hello, Jeffery. I miss Ages of Empire. The best ever.
Well, I've got good news for you.
Jeffery, I love you.
They are everywhere! All different classes have.
Exactly. How do you fight poverty? Teach ppl how to make money. Few ppl ever got rich working 4 someone else. Schools dont teach #economics
ummm. how can you teach about future ideas when they haven't happened yet? #SmokeLessThinkMore
I can’t wait to learn more about Magic Johnson’s future business
If they teach about MJ...or black success, shouldn't they also learn that on her way to being the first black woman to win the all around title in gymnastics at 16 Gabby Douglas' hair was the hot topic discussed. Her. Hair....by diff. races...even described as "unkempt".
Except it was only the hot topic, if even so, because of the media. Real people didn't care about that. We were mesmerized by her talent. Go after the "reporters," celebrities, rag mags, nobody bloggers, gossip tv, etc that not only says these things but perpetuates them.
People go to college to get post-high school ideas.
Maybe that’s part of the core of the problem that he’s alluding to, that they kind of knowledge is locked away behind an imbalanced institution?
Kanye strikes me as a C- student complaining about teachers.
And that was "C-"
Generous you were perhaps?
Grade inflation
That’s because they are kid prisons made to get you accustomed to the 8 hour work week, while giving parents an excuse to ignore their children’s education... and an out... if they turn out wrong.
Idk a single parent who agrees w you. Not a one.
Shows how tiny of a bubble you keep.
I understand what you’re saying, but learning the past and present also helps us see the path to the future. Who taught Elan Musk to be a visionary?
Born & raised in Chi- In Chicago Public Schools (Whitney Young) there is an organization called Future Problem Solving. At University of Michigan, there is Intergroup Dialogue- focused on social conflict resolution. Both programs should be at ALL schools. I've graduated from each
I wish he’d spend a day at Whitney Young! Also, just talk to Chance, who is funding coding projects with Google at schools here in town. Ye, just because you haven’t heard of it, doesn’t mean people aren’t doing it.
What we have, called "education," is reprehensible.
Hi Kanye. I spend my days helping students learn about the cradle of civilization. We study the past to understand where we came from and do better in the future. We do have a variety of business classes and FBLA. Please consider reading from this list: https://www.aboutgreatbooks.com/topics/history/books-about-slavery-nonfiction/ …
I understand your thirst to be an original and to be free. We need those qualities in our world, but we do not need ignorance. Just make sure you're informed about the history of slavery before calling it a choice. Read a book written in the past to open your eyes to the future.
Omg....
If you're saying I missed the point, Kanye has declared he's a “proud non-reader of books.” If you want to make informed comments about the past, it's important to read. I'm all for innovative ideas and looking forward, but you can't ignore the importance of reading and the past.
Pretty sure he was hella good at basketball and got like 25 million dollars in start up cash. Great strategy imo.
Check yo' ass into a mental institution LONG TERM. You're in the midst of a massive meltdown.
How bout we learn BOTH about  history and how to create businesses and economies of our own? 

The foundation of law, culture, math, art, science is in the past. And that’s how we innovate for the future.
Pretty sure he didn't suggest eliminating only adding to.
“Not always” ...yes always. The proper kind too, not this nonsense
What in the Sam Hill is that nonsense? 
Taught by a school in Texas
I have never seen a high school class that taught us how to do taxes, bills, money management, investments. But I do know y=mx+b 
Lol I'm a college graduate & still don't know that devil math.  had to learn taxes, bills & money management on my own (also didn't learn that in college!)

Can we collectively stop misspelling judgment though? I know you didn't write it. I just mean all of us, black white brown porcelain mocha ivory.... As a whole. 
Apparently it's spelled like that more commonly in Britain
Seriously, appreciate knowing that I've been spelling it wrong.  I need to check the dictionary more often
 it's a very common misspelling. Plus, we keep the "e" in other words (acknowledgement, management), so it's logical to assume the same for judgment... Aahhhh, the English language 
isn’t Magic Johnson building his business something that happened in the past?
It helps us move into the future though. Black people are never taught about economic development and how to get into the business world as that’s not what the white people at the top want to see. Being taught slavery is good but all the time as it implements a bad mentality
Martin Luther King got assassinated as soon as he started talking about economics and tried to get the poor people to start standing up. Kanye is just highlighting that this is still here and we need to start getting past and teaching economics to help our future
People who write new books, must read the books that have been written before them. People who make music, must listen to the songs that have already been sung. People who have new ideas, must consider the thinkers who have shaped history.
"OK class, today we study how Magic Johnson built his business. Step 1: Be an NBA superstar." Gotcha, chief!
Magic Johnson did very well in the commercial real estate market with unconventional investments during a historically slow time. Here’s a cool article https://web.archive.org/web/20080804194941/http://www.latimes.com/business/la-fi-magic30-2008jun30%2C0%2C4325408%2Cfull.story … (he also lived down the hall from my dad at MSU and went to the same high school as half my family!)
I'm a fan of Magic's (except the Dodger thing :-)) but the point is, Dr. West could perhaps find some examples of people who have started with less and there are many.
There’s always going to be somebody who had it harder, but IMO Magic’s story is really awesome/inspiring; probably because it was one of those things where my dad gave me the newspaper cut out of it in lieu of real advice so I’ve got some benign emotional attachment to it haha
I totally get that. I just think Kanye lives in a weird bubble. I'm waiting for the next tweet encouraging young people to get in the shoe business like a young plucky kid named Michael Jordan. But I completely get your angle.
Life of pablo
Introduction to entrepreneurship
We do learn how to build businesses. What we don't necessarily learn is how to be resilient and to keep going when we experience the trauma of discrimination in that process because it *will* happen. Ignoring it normalizes it and thus allows continuation.
I've been discriminated against more than once. I'm not downplaying racism. Endurance & overcoming are skills most people need. Very few get wealth handed to them. Discrimination is illegal. No one should ignore it & I don't think Kanye has said that.
Maybe the society we live in today has found a way to shove that mentality of the children being future Geniuses with the idea of being future leaders mean while just one person can be a leader at the moment making the rest of the people useless
You have an excellent point.. The "participation trophy" syndrome. But those who are not necessarily leaders are most definitely not useless! Taking direction well is an excellent & necessary skill too!
You want people to forget about slavery
Learn about the past and how/what black Americans gained and advanced over the years. Many became rich business people in their own right [with no government help]
Yess that's true
Next up, Professor West tells us poor people choose to be poor.
Stop spending all your $$$ on dope.  Get enough sleep and get up at 6AM.  Finish your education.  Have dreams so you can follow them. Fill your head so it's not running on empty.  Fail on any of those, and you will be worse than poor. There are worse things than being poor.
Thank you, Rappin' Larry King.
They keep talking about slavey to keep us angry and from coming together as a human race.
It's the ideological agenda of the left, a bunch of Marxism inspired ideologues run the education system that still want to see the world according to the narrow minded 19th century perceptions of Karl Marx. The left would lose votes if children inspire to succeed and get rich
They may not call themselves marxists or call for anti-Capitalist revolution, but their ideological inspiration is still Marxism
Which group in particular are you talking about, and how did they take inspiration from Marxism? Lmao, what a load of shit, you're backpedaling, fam.
Far left and the generations of academics who were educated by the Marxist teachers and professors. All those 1970s & 80s Marxists that had infested the universities worldwide didn't simply disappear, each generation produced more but evolved into modern day far left
Even at it's peak Marxists were never a plurality in academia. You're just fear mongering, fam. Stop it. The 70s and 80s saw a decline in the number of Marxists in academia, not an increase. Smh.
Are you serious, obviously Marxism wasn't being promoted openly, but was a big trend and hip in Western universities during the haydays of the USSR and when Castro was a revolutionary icon for the youth. Specially the minorities and immigrants were recruited by Marxist/commies
Wow, more backpedaling! I guess a cabal of evil Marxist immigrants secretly runs the education system, huh? Wew, got any sources to back up these wild claims? Just admit that you don't know shit about Marxism and that you just use Marxism as a scapegoat, lmao
but "built" is past tense.
I teach a class on black sci-fi that  is about alternative black futures AND it still deals with the past. Free your mind with some books, man!
Hindsight is 20/20
Magic Johnson has hiv
@chancetherapper and @google donated $1 million to Chicago public schools to fund new computer science classes.
Good to know facts from the past but do not forget about the present and what could happen in the future that ultimately ended up in the past again.  Circle  of life
True, sometimes you are so on point with your comments!
Perhaps U should talk to Earvin "Magic"Johnson,the guy has his head on straight, proud of humble beginnings,love basketball, helped family, Head corporations & provide aide&help to the community! He excelled in all areas+some.The guy loves God,doesn't brag,down-to-earth nice guy!
We also need physical ed. to work young muscles and we need government, to educate voters to be what America is all about and why its freedoms, rights are to be Revered!  We can be the greatest! Thank you #Kayne  Thank you #POTUS #ComeTogether  #RiseUp #United #WeAreAmerica

Dude @MagicJohnson had the golden ticket, like you, but he used it for good...if you aren't part of the solution, you are part of the problem...fix your narrative for the kids, go back and reread some of your lyrics.
Yes & kids should not be chained to a desk for 8 or 9 hours a day.
And the past they present is a proctologists view of American history.
Drop out.
Dear Mr. West, we would like to invite you to talk with our class through videoconference. We are high school seniors who take this class dedicated to dialogue and learning about life and the world while/from speaking to others.

Lots of innovation and futurist work happening in education. You just need to know where to look.
Ye-let me articulate what those who haven't connected the concepts n meanings of what you know from A SPIRITUAL AWARENESS THAT IS NOW BEING BROUGHT INTO HUMANITY TO CHANGE THE PARADIGM WE'VE BEEN TRAPPED UNDER-MANY DON'T KNOW CONSCIOUS VS UNCONSCIOUS N SUB CONSCIOUS DELIVERANCE
I thought magic made his money playing ball... everybody didn't go to the league.. Kanye
there is no future possible under capitalism
Are you not familiar w binary economics or social capitalism? That IS the future. This is the black & white thinking he’s talking about, neat little mental boxes
futuristic science was my FAV highschool class, offered in night school. best experience ever.
Please watch this. Then call our class. We connect with innovators, entrepreneurs. 
Would love to show you what we do!
Should of had classes on how to pay taxes, time management, and the great inventors.
How about you read what happened first:
“A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.” ~ Marcus Garvey
Matter of fact, me either...
We need to train these people's and sucker in these people's, so we can ownnnnn them!
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
When are classrooms gonna teach Magic Johnson's future business?!
There are many K-12 schools integrating Design Thinking into instruction. Your not far from @stanforddschool a hub for innovation, collaboration & creativity. @laura_mcbain & @arielefant Are connects there. Reach out. #designthinking #ideate #creativity
Love this response - assuming you know about education today and repeating what others say causes lack of respect for the teaching profession. Not what we need.
I'm not sure many professions are gr8 at future casting. success breeds conservatism--it's far easier to replicate the success that got you there.
Schools are far too often the punching bag for social/political/cultural challenges
Yes and! We need to create environments for students to see their own “magic” and encourage opportunities to help them visualize their future. Co-Designing solutions for real world challenges within their communities is one small way to make an impact.
And check out @TheRealHipHopEd & @HSRA_MN. This work is about re-mixing the past & present to build the majic makers of the future.
well, he started by being one of the best basketball players in the world, making tens of millions of dollars at it, and becoming one of the most famous people on earth
And, he picked the brain of every successful business person he could find, LEARNED from them and slowly began to invest in restaurants, theaters, real estate, etc.
Yes, of course. But how many of those meetings does he get if he's not Magic freaking Johnson? In L.A., at that.
Maybe you need to visit a few high schools. You could start with @ElRanchoHS where I graduated in 73. They spoke of the future then, still do. Educate yourself FGS.
Exactly they keep u living in the past course work as if we don't need to learn about innovative future ideas yes we need basic foundation of the origins of things but ok how do we use it in today's world
they teach the book of revelation in catholic school, get on our level

#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
You said you’re a proud non-reader of books. This explains why you think all your ideas are new.
MAGIC BUILT HIS BUSINESS WITH THE MILLIONS HE MADE PLAYING INTHE NBA. NOT EVERYONE HAS ACCESS TO MILLIONS AND YOU ARE BEING SARCASTIC, ONLY IT AIN'T EVEN FUNNY.
Are you suggesting to not teach people about oppression that’s still very relevant today?
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
I’ve got 100 HS @DECAInc Students at @ATT HQ this morning learning about innovation & entrepreneurship, not to mention 20,000 last week in Atlanta focusing on Marketing, Management, hospitality, finance & entrepreneurship - I invite you to join us to see how we build leaders!
In my English and Creative Writing degree, we never once learned about actually being a professional writer. It was required to learn all about 1800s British poetry but nothing about publishing and how to be a writer.
You have to read to be a writer.
Well yes, but you also need to know about the actual aspects of a writing life and how to query and how the industry works. They don’t even teach that in MFA programs
And you've investigated every writing course at every university? You haven't tried Google? Did you ask?
Everyone. I spent 3 years going from one university to the next and demanding answers.
What is this "f* the past" thing when you want to Make America Great AGAIN? Is "again" the future? You sound so confused bro.
You are so stupid!
You seem nice
It’s called history class for a reason
http://finder.psychiatry.org 
My High School had an Introduction to Business class as an elective and an extra curricular group called Future Business Leaders of America @FBLA_National
My school school still does .. add Business 2, Honors Accounting.. I've already presented 4 differnet business project ideas, unlike Shark Tank tho there wasn't Mark Cuban to decide if he wanted to invest in any of them
Good for you. Make your future; you'll be much more satisfied with the results.
You are not ahead of your time.
You are
JUST IN THE NICK OF TIME
Lack of focus on entrepreneurship is one of the hallmarks of the failing public education system.
Sity XX - COMExTHROUGH full song in bio
Because most education in America is a joke and an indoctrination into linear thought.  Not taught to critically think.
I’m a high school teacher and what does this tweet even mean?
... some school administrators aren't forward thinking enough to encourage teachers that are future-focused, creative, a little nutty and passionate, they only reward the sicophants and a#$ kissers 
You also think that slavery was a choice slaves made. So maybe you're fucking insane and out of touch with reality?
someone rock this dude
Public schools are pure deep state government propaganda!!! Designed to weaken the USA!!! Gov run schools funnel $$ from citizens to unions and campaigns that help keep mass citizens obedient to their horrid socialist plans! #Agenda21 #qanon
What about things like environmental initiatives?  Ecosystem economics?  Preservation over conservation?  Sustainable and renewable energy?  Retrofitting existing infrastructure with newer tech?  I learned all of this from one high school class and graduated from there in 2011...
I also graduated from college in 2015.  At my campus, many of us put in the work to make an entire building carbon neutral and off the public energy grid with the help of Tesla and Duke Energy.  I understand art, but dude DO something with concrete impacts again.  We miss that.
nobody’s listening since you turned yourself into ben carson.
...you mean like an entrepreneurship or leadership class?

Yes. High schools have those.
Here’s one. It took 20 seconds to find it in a Google search, followed by many others in the results.
There’s literally current events classes at high schools but go off I guess
What part of a current events class talks about fu...

never mind
Current events discuss the future unless you’re time traveling 
Start with taking an English class, so that people can comprehend what you’re attempting to convey
Today I was the guest speaker at a high school talking bout my journey w/ addiction and recovery. The class was "life skills and planning." All they do is talk about the future. All the high schools in my county have this course. Not every class in high school is a history class.
Based on the shit you been saying lately someone should’ve taught you a lot more about the past than they did.
When was the last time you researched what classes high schools have in the year 2018? It's been a long time since you were in HS. How many teachers did you talk to before you made this claim? Because it's just flat out wrong.
This tweet reads like someone who never heard of a high school class. #fuckkanye
NEGRO, you are the epitome of #NewSlave . Would you ever ask Jewish people to forget the holocaust? Our HIS-TORY is constantly being reduced & revised to fit the narrative of White Supremacy & here Ye go acting like a self-hating overseer. #FuckYouKanye
Somebody gave this fella a big red pill.
my school big picture is the name alternative charter school
The kids ARE the future ideas. You don't teach ideas. You give tools to build ideas, ya dummy.
and bring back shop class...
Is this the legacy you want to leave your children?  Would your mother be proud of her son launching an anti- intellectual agenda against the black community who fought for the right to be educated? Stop. Just. Stop.
You are invited to come to our house in Oceanside, California.  Our #Freshmen have built a business in their classroom!  Check out @osidekulture then fly down the coast and let us show you how Urban and Beach Cultures make for a unique lifestyle in our city.  #Amazing Students
When I was teaching, I was teaching for the future. The things that didn’t exist. Now all my students are making names for themselves.
#FreeJaggiNow
Try the innovations class in Indiana. Teacher @DonWettrick is amazing. You should call the class
BHO was elected because he promised 2CHANGE the poverty the Econ= 330Mill population of USA only 14% Black it was white ppl who wrote the checks for him&made him Prez He DID ZERO for Inner cities when he could have done so much=Compton Watts South Central got ZERO HELP2Train4Jobs
Whilst its good 2 acknowledge the past, we cannot dwell on it. Financial literacy should b taught, we can't change the past bt th future
Whoppity poop scoop
@KetchupBandit
Slavery was a choice? That is one of the most backwards and unintelligent things I’ve ever heard. My year 2 class could formulate a better take on that subject matter without my input. To conclude, Kanye is an idiot, the Kardashian’s haven’t completed his transformation.
I tagged you in the ones that caused me to write that tweet. But yeah he needs to take more care with the impact his tweets have
When was the last time you were in a school?
I actually got a class like that started at my highschool, called contemporary U.S. issues, where we, as individuals, were able to discuss our thoughts and opinions on current news events! Then we would openly discuss future ideas, possibilities, &outcomes in regards to the topic
Those who do not learn from the past are condemned to repeat it.
Mr. West, you need to go back to a high school...
Apparently you don’t know much about high school these days.
I took a class called careers. Like to prepare us for our future careers. We learned how to make a resume etc. Dude who taught it was crazy too, always talked about how he wanted to drive a bread delivery truck someday. He went to Hawaii every single year too
2nd biggest house.....in Ogden.
And looked just like my dad
Very True.  Better to leave the past you know nothing about

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
As a 1st grade teacher I was heartbroken, there were few books for minority children. If you don’t tell them they can they don’t know!So I had to improvise with my own readings.People need to write books about uncles & grandfathers they don’t have to be famous just good people!!!
This is a problem all over the western world. It’s 2018 and the school structure hasn’t evolved much from hundreds of years ago. They stick you in a room and tell you what to learn & how to learn it. There is no emphasis on tactile, outside or holistic learning.
What about the constant monkey chants to Mario Balotelli the black Italian footballer? He's successful, fought to be where he is, has talent, but *there's* that little inconvenient flyn in the ointment again...that we can't just "forget" racism while it's still very much active.

Not everyone is as mentally strong as this guy most people are average, what about them?
That's literally his point, you aren't born mentally strong you have to become mentally strong. He was below average until he made the decision to change.
It's crazy to expect ALL black people to have some superhuman level of mental strength just so they can have a successful career, it's also unrealistic. 
There are super mentally strong black people, one was president recently, this shldn't hve to be the case just so you can live
Kanye and Trump have one thing in common, neither are readers and speak w/o knowledge
Like not knowing the grammatically correct way to use the word "neither"?
Oh you’re the Twitter grammar police? Lol..my use of neither is grammatically correct.
Those that don't know history, are destined to repeat it. History is important, but so is economics, math, science, language, Etc. Good old Reading Writing arithmetic. That prepares one for the future if only in how to budget and balance a checkbook.
Yes, history is doomed to repeat itself. Unfortunately, schools, the university’s brainwashing from the MSM, and social media that's what is teaching children, a lot of people are not open to other opinions the stiff-necked masses are killing’” US” we need to be free
Thank you Shelly for your insightful response. I wish it wasn't true, but everything points to it being just that that. May God bless and keep us all!
That's because government school wasn't designed to educated. It was designed to create lemmings who fall in line and do as they're told. Research John Taylor Gatto, whose research exposed this fact.
LOL! I had a typo; meant "educate." I swear I "been educated." 
I agree although I also believe we need to understand the past to not repeat negative in future.....or so we dont change the things that are positive.
I agree with you, but Kanye is correct liberal educators abd white liberals want black people to focus on the injustice their ancestors suffered rather than focusing on their own hopeful futures and enormous opportunities!!
I'm telling ya... Kanye for Congress
People are afraid of change
please mr. west no more today
So now you're going to tell the school boards what should be taught.
Just because you haven’t heard it don’t mean it doesn’t exist
lol bro Indian education system is even worse
that’s what college is for honey
So now you're bashing school? Ignorance is not a virtue.
I love you kanye, as we approach a more pertinent era, this generation gets more sensitive and less proactive of themselves and their own http://thoughts.so  they bash on your “non compos mentis” ideas. A different view is thrilling & obvi you bring some energy to this world
OMG que pendejo 

I mean, it’s called History class, so...
You should take one of my programming classes!
Shut the freak up dude
Visit a high school and maybe you'll get some future ideas.
Somebody should have taken a publications class.
#getoutside
Issues of the 21st century @ McHenry High School, IL check us out sometime
Check out @CW_SRI
damn dog. educate yourself on education then.
that happened in the past
those who don't know their past are bound to repeat it.
Really? That's interesting ... because they have these things called science fairs where students take what they learned in multiple classes and present ideas to solve future problems. You should go to school someday, you'd like it.
Look at Brian Bean in Tomball Memorial High School. The class is Financial Math, and he’s made an entire virtual banking system for the students. We have a salary, We have bills, we buy cars, we buy houses. AMAZING CLASS
Your on one helluva Kanye kick huh
And that is an insult to teachers...we do these things every day. Your ignorance is showing.  And your lack of self control. Do not speak on topics of which you know nothing.
That's because the rockerfellers took over education in the early 1900s & took out all the things we need to grow as we should & be financially educated & other important things. Look at how people intellect changed from then to now. Same thing with the medical field & treatments
In a 'free thinking' school, new ideas flourish. But the public school system no longer allows free thinking.
Maybe it would have been good if u did attend and probably concentrated on history classes 
The lessons of the past inform the future...
Love what you are bringing! You are speaking truth, and the easiest way to know that is by the volume of people that start throwing shade! #ThinkFree #BeFree
As a Black South African, I cannot go forward without knowing my past... How can you teach me the way forward when I had no history?
@DonWettrick
Learn how to meditate too and about compassion
Facts
Here @HSESchools this is exactly what we are doing. Come check out our Innovations class taught by @KelseyHabig. I promise you will be impressed.
Dwelling on the past breeds bitterness, while looking to the future breeds hope
#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
Begging you to see what our #Innovation class does.
Good idea! Teach that instead of fixating on the sins of the past!!
@kanyewest just talked to my class about Robert Smith for that very reason! South burbs of Chicago
Step into my classroom and you’ll be pleasantly surprised... #liveyourdreams #mindset #entrepreneurship but seriously, FaceTime our class, I’m a Middle School teacher and I teach this stuff
Schools should teach basic economics and finance. So many parents are in the dark about saving and investing for the future or the need to build capital to start a business to teach their kids.
My school required it
You are lucky! It should be a requirement.
Personal finance is more important than understanding how the economy works imo
They go hand in hand, imo.
Not really. Personal finance is learning how to spend money the right way. Teaching Economics is useless and a waste of money if the youth are still greedy and want ‘free’ shit
Economics teaches people how earnings/spending affects the economy and people should want to know things like supply/demand and how it correlates to their business/purchasing power. It would definitely teach people that "free shit" isn't free.
True but here’s the thing: some people will know better but still advocate for it since they know it will crash the economy. Look up cloward piven
How can you present ideas that havent yet occured. #idiot
You totally missed  Kanye’s point. 
He is saying that we have to stop living in the past like it’s the present. He is saying we need to plan for a successful future.
is that what you got from his words? I got that he is lost and forgot where the fuck he came from. Livin in the past does keep the future at bay and out of sight but studying the past helps you make better decisions in the present to have a plan for success in the future
I don’t see White people living in the past... I don’t see White people having the same opinions.
Did Whites forget where they came from when they voted for Obama?
Kanye wasn’t a slave and neither am I. 
We are not all Don Lemon.
How was voting for Obama forgetting where whites come from. Obama is white... My people came from Poland and Italy. Im on second generation. Trump stands with the Nazis. Im sure I have relatives who were destryed by Hitler.
Ok, I’ll bite.......how does Trump stand with Zazis?
There were good people on both sides - Charlotsville
He was talking about the protestors, good people on both sides. Not all people on both sides of the line are extremists. Not all protestors were Nazis.
This 
I actually approve this message.
The nerve of you to say Obama was in office for 8yrs and didn't do anything. He tried look what he had to deal with. What did you do for Chicago? Trump is in office now you wanna help Chicago. Chance the rapper donated. What have you done brother. Come out the SUNKEN PLACE
Not in history class..no
"matter fact"
You misunderstand the role of the public school system. It has not been about learning for a long time; it is about indoctrination.
Big shock that this foolish little man doesn't understand the function of high school. Magic built his business by doing the same thing you did: he hired people who knew how to build a business. The difference is you take credit for the build when all you did was hire. #EGO #SAD
Because those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it...
Isn’t learning how Magic Johnson built something a thing of the past because it’s already built? I want whatever crazy time machine you’re traveling in.

You must not have gone to high school, ‘cause you don’t know what you are talking about. Classes that discuss the future (in ideas) 
Natural Science
Biology 
Young entrepreneurs 
Economics 
Computer Science 
STEM
Political Science 
Social Sciences
