*dragon

kanye that was not a good challenge 



Kanye stans reaction everytime he pops up on the timeline 

(Song credit: “Supervision” by iamEROC....Here’s the Apple Music link to the full song https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/supervision/1342286693?i=1342286845 …
So is herpes.
Woke

We are sculptors. We were all born with the same tools. Use them! You CAN change the shape of your energy and that coming at you! #Perezism
Retweeting yourself makes me sad.
I WANNA HEAR KANYE ON MASON RAMSEYS FAMOUS!!! RETEEET IF YOU AGREE!!! LETS MAKE THIS REMIX HAPPEN WTFFFF
Nah bring icarly to Brazil
What about an iCarly tour in Brazil?
I hope so cause I need alot of energy these days taking care of my sick husband is very tireing thank goodness for coffee 
Prayers are with you and your husband.  Praying right now 
Thank you for the prayers we appreciate them very much we definitely need them right now
Praying for your family. I’m 10 days out of a crippling lung infection.  Prayer is powerful.
Yes indeed!  So glad to read your tweet so I can tap into that power right now.  Praying for you and feeling the power. 
like=nudeeees to everyone!!!

Bitcoin is contagious.

It’s the most viral technology in the world Kanye.
Forgot the tag pomp
He knows it already.
So are smiles.
Like if you love Kanye
...as is MAGA.

Be free.
Be MAGA.
#MAGA is contagious and everyone who catches it won’t regret it. 

#BeFree
MAGA
Kanye is the king of rap

deutsch übersrstzung: energie ist ansteckend
So is #cryptocurrency 
Like VD?
I really wish Kanye would lay off the fortune cookies 

So is aids, don’t see me bragging about it
Why did you quote and reply you nonce
Replies usually get likes
Especially dragon energy






I’m infected! 
Speaking of contagious energy
Lend me some tomorrow morning, cheers kid.
Trump Sings Power By Kanye West
https://youtu.be/iR5yr86-dqI 
lol that's funny


BUT DRAGON ENERGY IS ELECTRIC



Kanye. You are an innovator! I like you are not afraid to speak your mind and go against the grain. That is leadership. You command attention because you speak without fear of reprisal. God Bless You!
Like the dragon kind?
Unfortunately so is ignorance #JustSayin #istillhavefaith #YouCanDoIt
YOU CAUGHT MY DRAGON ENERGY
See @_shemmie_ I told you. We need to be hype.
AIDS is also contagious but I don't hear you suggesting we should be sharing needles.
Now that might give you AIDS I guess.
so is courage
Emotion also is contagious
Emotion = energy in motion
You’re absolutely right JR. That’s why it’s very important to project only positive emotions.
No it's mc²
Energy is mass times light squared, but energy is also radiated and absorbed, so in a way it is contagious. I think kanyes talking about mental energy, like when a person affects your mood
Or
Yoses is here to part the Red Sea of liberal tears and free your minds from bondage! 

GIF by @tt_cube Follow him not me!

I'll have to give it shot after that tweet!
Here we go...
Just stop. Take a hiatus. Get well again. And where you back good, find new people who have your back.
He has Yes men around him.
Exactly!
Because he actually reass these comments and is really gonna listwn to YOU of all people...
Why the emphasis on YOU, who I take to be me? So your point is that if people are unlikely to read (this is my reading of reass), one should not speak? I disagree if that is in fact your point.
You're trying too hard. It's simple. Kanye doesn't read. Your thoughts on what he does or doesn't do are irrelevant. Speak all you want. Your words have fallen on deaf ears though.
I don’t doubt that my words have fallen on deaf ears. And I suppose every comment share that fate. However, my words were typed out of concern, because I’m worried about him. I don’t know that they read like that, but the sentiment was there. Sympathetic words are never wasted.
He's fine. He's being himself.
GET OUT
Yes, positive energy is an awesome experience to be around because it's exponential  !
I completely agree that energy is contagious. When you walk into a room you know the vibe you feel. If someone gives us bad energy it can rub off on you. Be positive because your energy can reflect onto others. #dojo102
So keep that negative MAGA energy over there!! Don’t bring that BS to the rest of us!!
Like if Kanye is going through identity crisis
So is herpes.
if your trump supporting ass energy  is contagious then someone, PASS THE ANTIBIOTICS.
So is the flu.......what you do with that energy is what is important......you seem to be on the right track......good luck on that journey
Lol point taken. #DragonEnergy 
So is the flu
Tf.. why'd you kiss me then.
I need a contagious energy rn 
U kno he nt going to reply u right?
 .. I know
nice
nice
nice
don’t support someone who believes in hatred and violence in order to get peace
nice
nice
and yes, i meant trump
nice
.@kanyewest you've gone too far this time...
Said the guy who’s blocked by Donald Trump 
yeah that Treason tweet I made went too far for Trump ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ oh well

Energy on the #WHCD
Controversy:
A ONE EVENING routine 
By Liberal comedian @michelleisawolf 
Lambasting the DAILY routine
Of a Republican White House
Was too much 
For some people... 
#WHCADinner
Frederick Douglass was an amazing man.
As was Mr. Ben Franklin!
Definitely!
Love kanye West n his big loving giving heart to his family.
And crack is addictive NEXT
Energy=cocaine
So is stupidity.  Careful.
Sooo over you Kanye Kardashian
True. My coworker who had a anxiety attack sent his energy straight to me and my heart was beating fast too. But I tried to calm him down.
#ninjavizion
Dragon or nah?
@CoachKokoris
So is gonorrhea
J cole GOAT
can u just shut it
So is stupidity
not scientifically accurate
When you’re making love with other gay fish
Sneeze on me kanye
drop astroworld
Oop some
2024
You're a hack 

Glad to hear of your awakening! We all must stand together as one to claim our freedom. You are the bravest celeb I've ever known of and I am so glad in my heart to see that it isn't just the little people anymore. God Bless my brother.
@WhyNotMeHoops I think Ye follows you on Instagram
 it’s a fact...positive or negative!
With blockchain
Dm bro. Got what for ya
@kelseyjuliana hmmm
I wish yours was! I could use it 
Thank u @princessnko I appreciate u
haahha ily


Hey check out my new song it’s fireee
Energy×Attention=Concentration
Energy/Time=Work Efficiency

Energy × Matter =
Multitudes of Power

Energy × Power =
Phenominal Cosmic Powers – at Laboratory 626
So is donating. Start the trend Kanye. ;)

http://GiveToPCHF.org 

#ForTheKids
Dragon energy!
This part. #wisdomspeaks 
@kanyewest #ImADragonToo #DragonEnergyIsContagious #MAGA #Trump2020 #BeYourSelf #FreeThinking #AmericaFirst #AmericaUnite
Thank you  kaney West to support Mr.TRUMP 2020 respect the president
I wish I could speak to you in private. All I want to say is I feel your pain. Inbox for details. I am not a groupie, can't say I am a fan but I am a person who lost both parents 54 days a part. I am praying for you.
poopy-di scoop
So is syphilis 
No you’re thinking of herpes.
@Juan_Santana11 @travyb27 Be prepared Friday
Sity XX - TRIPxTOXTHEXSITY
Let's play fortnite kanye
My energy or your's is contagious  @amazonthequeen
@KidCudi #TrustTheProcess
That’s the law of the universe
Is it ?
ok

So Is herpes

Is caffeine contagious?
so r cooties
So is herpes.
emotions are contagious
Man stfu and drop some new music
And I feel yours continents away Ye 
Guys send good vibes through the ether wherever you are  i have a violin exam tomorrow 
Especially #DragonEnergy
Google Infinite Intelligence and the power of focused energy and intent.
@POTUS
#WeThePeople
#GreatAwakening
#WeAreTheStorm
#WeAreOne
#WWG1WGA
#wearelegion
#TantumVero
Good, cuz I could use some.
It is! It's our job to spread all of the positive things #POTUS @realDonaldTrump is doing for our country and world. MSM doesn't show it...we're limited. Podcasts, posts, getting involved locally and being in people's faces about it is a must. Nationwide events needed now! #MAGA
We have the most energetic President in History@realDonaldTrump 
Ye...get it together. This artistic vacuum you seem to operate from is feeding a dangerous political narrative
Kinda inspired by you
@smokepurpp song was ur biggest L kanye... how u make the stupidest song of 2018. washed up has been
Preach it Kanye
DRAGON ENERGY!!!!
Please learn the FACTS, see the PROOF and evidence that Michael Jackson faked his death and is online daily here:  http://www.vimeo.com/ondemand/improvedalive1 …  and  http://www.vimeo.com/ondemand/alive2michaeljackson …  and
Stay away from energy vampires in E. Tn.
Your energy's manipulative

So is herpes
Shut up
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye.
Tell that to an introvert 
Energy is conserved
You watch too many science fiction movies

Me every morning we do something fun lmao
Listen to INDUSTRY SLANDER by LV Da Slap Phoen(fiend) #np on #SoundCloud
So is propaganda

Your energy is contagious,  I love you kanye you're the best!!
Is  this your king
Too easy to just say:
It's important to surround yourself with positive energy. But also be aware who you give your energy too also
Yours is draining us
yes it is. You should check out the energy of the @DigiByteCoin community. AMAZING!! 5 years of ongoing decentralized energy made #DGB to what is is today. In a few words?
So is weakness
I spilled pizza sauce on my lululemon pants when I opened my phone to read this reply. Your negative energy was literally contagious
Almost by definition it is not
Nope! I’ve worried in the criminal justice field since 2003 as a Problem Officer now Court Commissioner! All type of criminal have come across my desk. I’m still crime free!
The “Awakened Ones,” dear Ones, will be doing the majority of the “observing,” – Creating the Purpose of the Matter in our evolving Fifth Dimensional world -through their internal states of Heartfulness and..."
Today, everything may feel a bit wobbly. There is quite a bit of movement going on and the shift is beginning its new growth period. Dear one, sitting on the fence will no longer do; it is time to decide where you will be standing...
So is heroin
Facts
M
Factz
Not yours.
Not the best time to post this crazy. Racism and bigotry are contagious as well and I for one don’t want no dragon energy.
LUXURIANT http://youtu.be/QkaJ5uWUdrA  FLIGHTS TO HOUSTON .... coming soon!  #YouthSoulLove
yes  it is
kan ye not 
So is “Poopy De Doop”
Dope
“TRUTH”.........”Keep It Music”!!!!.....GKP!!!
Chain Lightening - Rush
Yo dawg that new song with T.I. is pretty cool!
Not the kind you portray 
Good energy is contagious.I ignore people wit bad energy,move on+forget about them.Its the only http://way.My  happiness is so important!
So is fame
You on to something Omari
Yeah, I guess..
Cala a boca arrombado
Please call @PUSHA_T this beat is for him...
Produced by Star Track 
Thank you 
@kanyewest @GOODMUSIC 
#PushaT #IamStarTrack #Rap #GoodMusic #HipHop #Complex
Bruh you got bad karma all over ya
Respark the soul and rebuild the energy?

DARK FANTASY
Kanye for prezzzz
Positive energy only 
Yes and your energy is outrageous right now Kanye.
Bro!  He blasphemes #Jesus and is NOT a Role Model!!  #GBO #VFL
You spelled kinetic wrong.
Nope. It’s conserved.
So is stupidity and you seem to be spreading a lot of that lately. If you’re all about love and unity then why don’t you save a country instead of supporting a man that builds walls, insults people and thinks he solved the Korean crisis all on his own Maybe stand up for Palestine
So is gonorrhea.
He said unenergetically
please follow me!!!
and so beautiful in a good heart#love
Yeah......Dragon Energy...lol.  Love it. Tell it Kanye!
what energy
Be stong even in water !
REALITY is contagious!
So is being a cuntybollocks fuckwit
@pierrebrygier
@kanyewest ...her man will hold me underwater until I’m dead....chill b can’t wait for the album thou
Negative energy is a turn off!
@KevOCnr like a rash
So is herpes. Where were you going with this?
Another great American said:
I have been to the mountain when children will not be judged by the color of their skin but by their character oh free at last free at last thank God almighty free at last MLK
Contagion is energy !
Does this include dragon energy?
Especially, dragon energy!!
You are destroying yourself and your career by the days! Remember you did this to yourself. You are a disappointment not only to yourself, but to your family. You are better than the road you have now taken.
Wish I could catch it 
...no
And Yeezy is Sucks like you & trump lol
