Looks like you live on a psychiatric unit.
You know Frank, you didn't have to tweet that.  Why the ignorance??
I was referring to the furniture.
It creates a stigma, Frank
Sorry Shelly, but you’re really taking this out of context. Goodbye.
Well, I got the joke. It was funny, some people don’t understand sarcasm (clearly)
I've stayed in a psychiatric unit. Frank's not entirely wrong.
@forde_kiera imagine the state of that room after I tear up a mean spaghetti bolognese
Hahaha
What a depressing looking home  for Kids to live in
I THOUGHT THE SAME THING. Like doesn't he have three kids now? Are they confined to their bedrooms to keep his space immaculate?
Imagine the kids get in their with crayons lol
That's one hell of a flipover 
Or some cranberry juice ... that would stain forever 
To me this proves money doesn't buy style.
dafuk
Lol
Okay but why does Kanye's house looks like Patrick's house? 
It looks like you’re living in a bowl of oatmeal.
 Good one !!
Why are there so many chairs and why don’t they fit under the table?
dont question the sunken place!
jenne what???
I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)

I would drop my cup of juice  on the floor just to give that place a splash of colour.
The floor probably cleans up easily. Aim for a chair or two.
Or 8! 
Hitting all 8 with one glass of juice would take some real talent, but I have faith in your skills.
You haven't met my kids. 
They could destroy that room with a cracker and a two gummy vitamins.
I'll throw in a cheese puff, just for funsies.
Two cheese puffs and the whole house is done
This fr looks like the Flintstone’s house
The Flinstones’ house had more character.
As exciting as the Yeezy Spring collection.
Oh girl, I was thinking the same thing. So sad and sterile. It’s neither warm nor inviting just like his dystopian clothing aesthetic.

Notice she's doing her best to shove that chest out to compensate.
LOL Yeah right ..... . Nice try though. Actually not really but glad you enjoyed them. I do too 
Well it's pretty hard to miss the arched back...just sayin'.
It looks boiled....like When Karen brings her chicken to the potluck. Where's the Lawry's?
Ahhh hell naw Karen!

Why do you have so many chairs?
For his n kims egos of course
Looks like your entire house is paper-mache mate.
Doesn’t even look like this house is lived in

I’m not feeling this room. It’s so sterile. This doesn’t look or feel like a home.
i dnt think this is the warm and cosy family room of the mansion funnily enough

he uses drugs, why r ppl so surprised part of his house isn't run of the mill? wake up ppl

@IKEAUSA can hook u up pal, they’ve got picture frames and cushions and everything there! Check them out!
Hell Even Target dude!
Looks like a house on the Sims before you put wallpaper on. And filled it with likeable people.

Fancy looking psychiatric ward they got you in...
Kim’s body Mold for perfume

I mean, I don’t know. Does it?
Sensory deprivation.
Damn y’all even got the furniture unseasoned. 
there’s no seasoning in the sunken place
Looks scary
Looks like a mental institution. Padded cell with an extension!
This is not . It’s 

By the looks of it, you fasho don’t eat seasoned food anymore
Everything is so BEIGE. I heard that color brightens the mood and it can improve mental health.
Opposite of rococo.
Underrated tweet
Decorator: “what vibe do you want?”
Kanye: “it rubs the lotion on it’s skin.”
Decorator: “say no more.”

Me if I was drinking wine in this house....
Yuk! Wouldn’t want to live there!
Looks like a tomb
Is it me or does everything look padded ??
This shit deadass look like the Cantina from StarWars
SUPER
HOT!!
Looks basic.
Those chairs don't look very comfy. I feel like you can afford comfy chairs.
Imagine having that much money and choosing to decorate your house like this.  Smh
Black community showing up to your place
Liked it better back in the 80s

What the Hell? What is this? This a reason you look unhappy too! Get your Son and run!

Looks like his whole house is a life-size 3D print out.
Hell has a waiting room?
Trying to understand how this is 
This looks like if Yeezy shoes were a home.
this nigga kanye at the flintstones crib
damn ye yo
heaven's waiting room.
Finally, now you can have your conference!
this is creepy as hell
kourtney hates this space doesnt she 


This needs to happen  Fuck your couch Kanye! 

kim is this the table you got self tanner on
Ye has been trying to find a marble conference table for 8 damn years!
You might be the fastest celebrity i unfollowed..
It's like a psych ward: kind of a dirty, off-white and empty of anything that can be used as a weapon.  Why would anyone live like that?

more tweets from the sunken place 
couches couches couches couches which one should I pick
where's that statue's head mate?
@kanyewest tweeting this like
That house needs Lawry’s stat...
This is how white peoples chicken looks like

Idk why but all I see is
This is creepy. I peep the typical dismembered female body art piece tho. Its weird
Everything looks like steamed chicken
Vapid, boring and pretentious.  $ cannot buy wisdom or taste....
OMG.  Totally!
Could really use a @Fathead on the wall.
Maybe even two.
Is that another mold of Kim’s body?
Expensive mental health ward??
State insurance won’t even cover this!! 
Chile you are so far gone.  You call  this a HOME?
How can someone be mentally stable living in a house that’s one color
I've never wanted to eat Flaming Hot Cheetos w Red Wine until now 
this looks like a scene from a sia music video
Look like the set of a Black Mirror episode
Ur house looks like yeezy season 2
An Amputee in the hallway 
are u ok where r u

Why is it so.... Bland?
I don’t like it Kanye !
Wow!! But you follow him right?? In you scrolled through the tweets today??
Sure i love him ! That’s my own opinion !
Looks like the arkham asylum
My wave paintings would POP on those walls...
Wow and you have kids? Not long before they bring their crayons in there lol
Does this remind you of when you worked at the Gap? Because I think I recognize that dummy from when you sold me some one-legged jeans. #deleteyouraccount
Yup definitely looks like the sunken place my G
I can hear the music from "One flew over the Cuckoo's Nest" drug dispensing scene playing in the background.
Many chairs in an empty house, yes men disappear faster than checks
It looks like Karen's potato salad.
Looks like the flinstones house.
So beige

sampled the fortnite bus sound into this beat

retweet 
You living with the Flintstones ?
A little late king
Is that kims mould from the other day?
You wrong for that
I feel like this is what Knit Knots from Imagination Movers house looked like lol
I dare you to eat spaghetti in this room
Kanye what happened to all black everything
That was hov
Shit u right
Damn, who knew this nigga owned the same table as the flintstones 
Lotta chairs bro
Don't you have kids? This is... sad.
The KimYe’s only gone and moved to Cloud City. ‘ North, I am your father’
Looks like a home in 1800bc jerusalem
Which Kubrick film was this from?

Is this the marble conference table you were looking for?! Can you finally have your conference?
Looks cold emotionless and unwelcoming
@kanyewest
Shit looks like a psych ward
Bro my house and furniture costs at least 100 million less and looks 200 million times fresher
Not a damn thing to hurt yourself on in that insane asylum
I've always wanted to live in a mausoleum
Well that looks like total ass.
He gone 
This gives me some weird vibes. But I like it.
Im thinking illuminati spirit cooking.

This is freaking me out
Nice metaphor.
Creepy.
@SheikenDreamer @Philip_Heiss @StoeckmannZack round table
It really look like everything in this room made out of the same material
Pas de murs blancs!
Rouge, vert, bleu... Chaque couleur a une influence particulière sur nos vies. Voici comment. 
plain vibe for colorful thoughts!
Keep tweeting  bro lol
500 blush colorway.
A PICTURE OF KANYE WEST DINING ROOM TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
Lowkey is the sunken place all white everything lol
#WeThePeople Call on President Trump to Address Censorship of Conservatives by Big Tech https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/call-president-trump-address-censorship-conservatives-big-tech …
One of those chairs prolly cost more than any object in yalls house stop hating
Your everything's just so tasteless. From music to house interior.
Good one :)
What happens when your kid spills grape juice on that?
Looks like Kanye needs a new sofa too @doorbell1987
Wonder if we get some retweets and likes would he buy us one?
If only it was that yeezy. 
Yeezy come, yeezy go 
Your house reminds me of @holey57 cooking. Plain Jane
Although I like the titties in the background. C cup?
Are there no @HomeGoods in Calabasas?
Looks like some spirit cooking mansion
In all honestly, I'm really into it. Sue me.  But it did look familiar. No joke.
wow, that in the back is what came up from Kim's body mold? nice!
Lmao
I’m starting to think Kanye and Kim are aliens or robots
@prettytoesonly
Yes. Like I wouldn’t even feel good enough  to sit there and eat lmao
Lmaoo dead ass but TBH I still like but there is so many chairs which makes my anxiety go up the wall lmfaooooo
Lmfaoooo definitely way too many chairs. That’s why I loved the hallways. They were hollow and spacious. So much breathing room with big ass windows. If I could make a house I’d have windows in the ceiling.
For real always thought tht an a mirror on the ceiling above my bed
You moved in with Fred Flintstone Kanye
Dragon Energy- Fresh from the teat.


But do the arms on these chairs go all the way under the table or do they bump into it?!?!?!?
it looks like u live inside a hard boiled egg

Kim looks nice x
Nothing about this house looks warm and inviting; I can decorate ur house to be a home, not a showcase of starkness
This looks like pizza dough get some damn color
Wut
Is that Kim’s “fragrance mold”?
I don't know what airport this is but I want to never have a layover here.
Well at least you will know if the place wasn’t cleaned properly. PS add some wood/natural elements it can brighten up the place.
Well that looks almost as bland and empty as your "music"
Kanye’s house is whiter than his politics
Shit’s whack
Where are the straight jackets?
@ira @briancrano @druidDUDE Looks like I'm not the only one who doesn't have salt in their house...
Looks like a dehumanization center. White walls and cut up mannequin. You goin back to the mk ultra center my man
It's so empty 
Tell your wife to put some clothes on
Kanye read some Marcus Aurelius https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meditations …
YEEZY 2024!!
Simplicity at its best
I want to live in the sunken place
This must be a scene from the house in beetle juice... right? #tasteless
Real talk it looks like a museum, no food no drinks, and you can’t touch anything. I’m scared they show padded rooms lol
Why are you trying so hard to be white these days 
Check it out! It’s a picture of all the people who agree with Kanye about Trump!
Mausoleum
Have fun said no one ever!
I think they add apples to the potato salad in this house.
You living with the Flintstones?
I’d lose my damn mind too living in this mayo house
this house is so fucking plain now i see why he’s going insane.
I dig the minimalist style. A cluttered house is a cluttered mind
What’s the vibe here? When did you guys move in?
This the house from Get Out, they got his ass.
Babe you finally found your marble conference table I’m so so so happy for you

Why is my first thought "potato"?
Christ eating a cracker, please tell me Willo had nothing to do with this, lol.
Looks like an interior design render before adding textures to your models...

Christ, you’re boring.
It looks like the flinstones live here
Do we know for sure that this is his house? Maybe he's taking a picture of the vestibule of a museum. That thing in the other room looks museum-y to me.
There is zero part of me that could be stressed out in this kind of environment.... I actually kinda like it.
All those chairs and no one to play musical chairs with
When you put the texture quality on low
A yeezy house lol
Kanye gotta be running around here yelling “Yabba Dabba Doooo”
Honestly I see that stain Kim left from her impromptu photo shoot, that’s my biggest concern here @KimKardashian 
I’m not even trying to roast Chief.. I gotta keep it real with you.... your crib look like the Flintstones crib
It kinda does look like A sunken place. All white.  No people. Not even a face.
im convinced you’re legit just screwing with us.
This looks like a common room in a psych ward. Whose fighting over the TV remote.
We get it. White is your thing
Looks like a Progressive commercial...
Very sanitary...

I think your buddy is a germaphobe as well 
Another thing you've got in common
It’s like living with the Flintstones but without color.
Aye nah kayne calling for help y’all ain’t no nigga I know posting pictures of his house like that
You’ve got a Flinstones gaff
Victorian asylum chic. Nice.
 
