I didn't want to do this but you've given me no choice.
He’s very hurt now
he lost 6m followers in less than 3 hours trust me he is hurt
His lost 10 million lool
I'm sure he is crying
im sure kanye is so upset about losing fake fans.
If you stop being a “fan“ of @kanyewest because he voices an opinion, then you were never really a fan to begin with. There is nothing wrong with free speech. The problem is, liberals and people on the left think their opinion is the only one that matters. 

WRONG!!!!
I love you kanye
LD now isn't a good time fam 
why?
“I just FaceTimed Kanye, I told him I’m his biggest fan”
#StreamingNTLTC

iTunes - http://apple.co/2F2nsVQ 
YouTube - http://bit.ly/2vx5ueN 
Spotify - http://spoti.fi/2J9VAle 
Apple Music -
BUY AND STREAM IT GUYS!
No
i never asked.
you did ask tho
I’m loving Ye 
Tell me one Kanye song??
Coldest Winter

What you're going to experience in November of 2018 after America votes to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain & #MAGA
#QAnon #GreatAwakening
PATRIOTS HAVE NO SKIN COLOR
$PART
russian bot
definitely a bot
EVERYONE I DISAGREE WITH IS A BOT
classic bot response. Fail!
Bots aren't artificial intelligence, nor can they respond to your tweets based upon what you've said.

A bot runs on a script, pre-written with a specific narrative.

Search engines (and getting an education) are both your friends.
#MAGA
It is really empowering when you stop and think about it.
Why do people believe this narrative that be supports all trump ideas when he literally said he didn’t? Lol
dude wore a signed MAGA hat, a representation of racism and bigotry
Wearing a hat doesn’t mean you support EVERYTHING that person is about. Especially when he said already he doesn’t agree with everything trump says lol
Well...he said his wife told him to say that..sounds less convincing.
Because kanye never feels like he needs to explain himself.
except he explained himself there

Brazilian iCarly fans wants iCarly in Brazil
excuse me
no sorry
Kanye be you. 

You don’t need central authorities to control you. Use the blockchain and be free.
come on man, every tweet?
You ever wanted to do something so bad you were willing to do whatever it took?

If we tokenize Yeezy, the fastest growing apparel company in the world, we’ll give @kanyewest the ultimate freedom to create.

It would change retail forever.
send an email or something, or better yet - contact a media outlet in the hiphop community (hot97, breakfast club, media takeout, bossip, etc) - that seems to be who he will respond to, the tweets are falling on deaf ears in my opinion
Kanye doesn’t have deaf ears
lmao, touche
You should really ask your friend in that photograph what that hand gesture he did means. After that, you should punch him in the face for lying to you.
@ me next time
What did you do with the real Kanye...
Kanye West fans are coming out in support for Donald Trump!  

MAGA 
Thank you ... POTUS is a walking target for the Deep State.
Wtfff
girl bye...what is this ur orson welles war of the worlds moment? sad!
I feel you, Yeezy 
I don't want you to be a Ye that cosigns hateful people. You'd be wrong about that
You need to look inwardly at who hates who?
I’m looking inwardly and finding that I don’t like people who try to oppress me. What a shocker. Thanks for the tip 
Amen! Be true to thine self!!
you are the MAN
Ye can be Ye when It fits y(our) narrative but when he says somethjng u don’t agree with he’s crazy and lost It? we don’t all need to be the same or agree , that’s boring.. you don’t have to like what he’s saying (I don’t) but I can respect and appreciate the honesty
Or should we all RT the same memes say the same jokes “bruh” “unfollowing” “he lost It” .. so if someone doesn’t agree with us that somehow makes them wrongly inferior to us? We are all different and people’s opinions vary that’s what makes us unique ..
Hate makes him great! 
Let Ye be Ye 
My nigga, your emoji not even tellin the truth 
look, you're uninformed AND your analysis fails. who's saying what you *can't* say or be? foh. here's what we're saying: you're dead ass wrong
they can be themselves until they're trans in the military, right?
Not true.
except it is.
“at least two studies in recent years have found that the cost of medical care for transgender service members would be minimal.”  “...an increase of between 0.04 and 0.13 percent”.
They are protecting our country.  Pay for their education, medical care and a decent wage.  It’s the least we can do.
they get paid the same as everyone else, not extra.
Kanye go support Kim Jong Un, an icon
stream NO TEARS LEFT TO CRY and like this if you think kanye is on crack
Perform at Trump's inauguration in 2020 
Nah we don’t want you to change just stay
your'e not the same person you used to be. I don't even think you can call yourself Ye. Maybe MAGA
Ok jajajaja
Yes I know my face is very attractive, remember to move in love not fear 

Just stop....
Does the emoji its really necesary lol
Stand tall and firm.
Dont let the left get you.

The Jesus Walks Kayne ain't coming back!!!
The rapper Kanye we all love will never come back. People are dissapointed because they are expecting something that won’t come back. Kanye said he will never make the same type of album twice 
I know, I watch YouTube from time to time just to relive the days when he actually made music that actually made sense.
How Kanye is feeling right now 
Lol I’m so happy I just read this shit....my nigga not goin crazy at all

Factsss
The last time I had respect for him was when he stood up for Katrina victims. Now his ass is so far gone that I believe his wife is actually blacker than him 
Why, cause he thinks differently than you? Typical liberal bs.

You be you!! That what I Love about you. Way to be yourself you’re simply beautiful being you.
I love you, Kanye. #MAGA
He might of lost some followers but that’s okay his followers will double because he is on the Right Side Now 
I love what he’s saying Cherriforpeace
Me too!
It’s rare we see celebrities stand up against the far left… What a breath of fresh air…
Complete 100% facts
Oh yeah mr West mr fresh
You have much courage and while I do agree with your political views I am a great fan because you’re true to yourself I respect that and I think our politics are that of motivation & unity it’s time our citizens reach their fullest potential & we can ALL be friends! Thank you KW
The fact you inspire me I just want know are you Alive my nigga !!! FUCK ! In the flash and spirit at the end of the day  Mr West your still my favorite man
But when "being yourself" includes supporting a known racist & white supremacist (at the very basic level) , doesnt that make you part of the problem? You forgot who you represent once you got a taste of that old white money. Even if you dont want to.
If George Bush hated black people, how tf you think this Trump feels? Lol
To be really honest I’m not a fan of your music. It’s just not my style. I’m a country music fan myself. But I have gained a massive amount of respect for you over the last week. You believe we all have a right to our beliefs and that it’s ok to think differently. Big props.
Be you! Thank you! People are so afraid to be publicly scorned. Be YOURSELF. Be brave.


You're the real coon. You basically let Nancy Pelosi control your mind.
You've disrupted a lot of peoples lives because you've shown them the escape hatch and they don't know what to do. Run and take a chance at freedom or stay and be be a perpetual victim.
this WAS the reason i was a kanye stan, but I feel as tho u supporting trump is contradictory towards this mindset bc everything trump stands for is the OPPOSITE of this
kanye west is all over the place today i'm. disappointed to put it lightly
literally me too i rly used to fuk w him heavy
Don’t say shrug just do it
ily

Kanye is Kancelled
facts bro we love you
yep! You’re being you and if they cannot handle that then why do they follow you anyway? They love your individuality unless it interferes with the mob belief system



Saint Pablo lyrics
One of my favorites actually and sounds like the old Kanye
It’s raw as hell young buck you better recognize
Drive slow homie I will in due time
By the #MidTerms, those Democrat plantations are going to be empty.
Thank God!
Will you do a sit down interview about your thoughts with me?

Hell yes #MAGA TRUMP BABY U HAVE MY SUPPORT KANYE THANKS FOR SPEAKING OUT BECAUSE EVERYONE ELSE IS TOO SCARED!
Wow your tweets are absolutely pants you spaz
By supporting trump you have become one of the most dangerous men in politics. The Democrats think they own black Americans and if they start leaving the Democratic welfare plantations then the dems are screwed
God bless @kanyewest . You sir, are true Americana   #PatriotsHaveNoSkinColor #qanon
"KIM K TOKYO FLOW" prod. by @CeeRock_SF 
artwork by @J_ODIS #ShootYourShotRecords
dawg 
Shooting all shots 2018 
lmaoo
Love ya 
You’re 40.
Real reconize real 
Thank you for restoring my faith in brilliant minds today. It's time!
He needs to go back on his meds.
And I have now decide to follow you.
@saenzoralia @ughitsmonica @DrewCampos8

Agree with Moni

while this is blowing up, why doesnt everyone take a moment to save the frogs?

http://savethefrogs.com 
You’re the goat 
@Kanyewest. You owe no one anything for supporting our President
Bro take your pills.
Feeling the  @ShrugCap
Most definitely ye I may not agree with everything you say but I am still a fan of your music. We don't always agree with our friends and family but we dont turn out back on them or abandon them. It's okay not to agree. That's what's makes us individual and unique.
This album better come with directions, a dissertation, a explanation, a scheme to blind the white man, a apology, a trauma warning, 808‘s, autotune, and a helpline.
No divisions. No white no black. Just love no fear. Read his tweets it's all there.
Nigga, you referring to yourself in the first and third person in the same sentence. I can only deal with one level of crazy........

@ciar_ra  Yeezy shrug is my new motto for life
Yeezy shrug should have its own emoji
Get on @kanyewest. Me and @ciar_ra  will use it religiously
communicate exclusively in Kanye shrugs
One for yes, two for no. If Kanye acknowledges these messages, I'll Yeezy shrug myself to death
Hahaha! Same pal, same
Other people need you to be themselves? Got it!
People are only “Fans” if you say or think like “they” do Like really someone can’t have their own Opinion. Save the Out cries. This Man is a “musical genius” 

I think and truly believe Obama is a gay muslim. Does that mean I hate my own race? Go ahead tell me about it 
WOKE 
#QAnon #MAGA #Q
@PeaceLove_Nikki EWWWWW, please just stop. 
Ugh. And each time I think he can’t sound any more full of shit than he just did... Then he goes and says something like this  Say it with me, N-A-R-C-I-S-S-I-S-M.
@jetsetradiolive the greatest graffiti soul of all time
Immediately picks mic back up 
If you're uncomfortable when someone goes against what you believe, then it might be time to re-evaluate your belief(s). The only way you'll grow intellectually is to challenge what you think you believe. Kanye might be a catalyst to open a new door.
Keep up the fight for free speech Kanye !
Please freestyle battle @Eminem so we can watch you get publicly destroyed.
Camera  flashes  nope didn’t work 
You fvcked up!! What happened to the old you?
Well dude you'll be losing a shit ton of fans because THIS shit is over the damn top 
New fan herepolitical correctness is the death of thought!! Kick FEAR in the face @RealCandaceO stands for truth #WWG1WGA #WINNING @POTUS
Let the media cause hate. You see through the veil of hate like millions upon millions of Trump supporters! Your words bring hope that America isn't totally insane.
I support you no matter what ye.  Let them cry your the one responsible  for your thoughts not these cry babys
THE LEFT HATES FACTS. TRUE CHARACTER IS BEYOND THEIR SCOPE!! Being Fake is About All They Can Do!! @JosbowII @RepDeSantis @PeteHegseth @LouDobbs @greggutfeld @seanhannity @realDonaldTrump
When did you become an OG philosopher!? You have a Beautiful mind Kanye.
How am i seeing every single tweet when not even following this guy.
i love u but get over yourself.
We love this man keep MAGA
Typical leftist reply and trying to take somebody down for standing up and speaking their mind and not swallowing everything that they have been told for years keeping them under their thumb
@WEST_SAED @andipants24
Bravo Kanye! You just got yourself a new fan. Love your freethinking. IMO, your SANITY is showing. 
anyway stan bts legends and kings that never disappoint
@Shvkxir did he just sub us 
 yooooo!!

@Bruno4USA he should pick up the mic and slap himself with it 
fake news! 
I’m new here, but one thing I know... @kanye hasn’t been relevant for quite some time.... how much is the RNC or Trump Campaign paying? If you don’t think @kanye pimps himself for the mighty dollar —- any way he can- YE foolish. #whatajoke #marketingatitsfinest 
Punk
or maybe don't pander to literal fascists?
How is Trump a fascist, if I may ask.
How sky is blue and grass is green, if I may ask.
Reflection of the water and I think it's from Chlorophyll?
cool.
Can you answer my previous question now?
yes, he is a fascist. he believes in fascistic views, acts as a fascist. I didn't said he is a smart fascist (thank god!), but a fascist.
Can you give me some proof?
How does Kanye MAGA dismantle structures that dismantle or curtail individuality? Example, cuts 2 educational arts programs that would allow the cultivation of artists to fine tune the artistry they seek. Whats the Kanye MAGA policies that allow individuals to tap into them self?
Sir, I’m a fan
*sigh* you right
I believe in you ye no matter fucking what, I trust your judgement,  keep doing you forever a fan. Forever my favorite male rapper
It’s all love Thank you.
Kanye and Trump two POS
http://www.naijapals.com/music/KONZ_OJUKU_konz-75956 …   please cop that      

The Black Delegation just traded you for @MichaelRapaport
You be you and let us be us.. that's the problem with the left.. they want us to be them & think like them, and all of our thoughts be damned @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #Trump2020 and BEYOND :)
Kudos to u for going against the liberal group think, idiot, norm in Hollywood. Keep up the good work!!! Don't let the haters get the best of u. Who cares what they think.
Tipping my hat to a #woke individual.

#YeezyStrong
#MAGA 
#Kanye
#Trump
#TheGreatAwakening
Okay Party of Me, Myself, and I. #smh #kanyewestdoesntcareaboutblackpeople
I truly truly love you and I’m a grown ass woman who is also independent minded in my thoughts! I appreciate that you being who you are!
Nah, that's what Tyler represents
@TheNickLux
This man doesn't need a publicist  #SunkenPlace  tap the tea cup and we'll save u....
Can I have a job please
I want to know how many tweets you’ve sent out in the past 48 hours
So easy to be labeled a racist and bigot that even Kanye, with one tweet can be attacked. Why is it so easy to be labeled? Can we have different views without being a racist? Different policies? Why attach race to policies? Why attach ideas to hate?

@gbrmhrr ha. is this yalls king ?

Well I was never a fan so easy for me to throw stones at the glass clown
Freedom to be a Thinker.  Amen
Drops mic and please leave it where you dropped it Boy! Go sit down. Just like fashion not having a gender huh WHOE ARE YOU?
Do you have time to even Fuck k in the sucken place  your spending to much time trying to convince us and she busy posing naked 
Much respect for having the strength and courage to be you.

Hell yeah!!!! the vma thing was hilarious 
Let kanye express himself. Fucking snowflakes

this seems like it was written by the Wendy's Twitter person
you are chatting some shit boiiiii

Interesting that you feel kinship with someone who suppresses minorities and the vulnerable, and has a warm relationship with white supremacists. 
@torierskine I love this one
Please drop it  permanently clown! 
KANYE THE ANTI SATANIST, ANTI LUCIFERIAN, ANTI COMMUNIST, ANTI MKULTRA, ANTI HANDLERS, ANTI NWO GOT YOUR BACK NOW MUCH RESPECT TO SOMEONE WHO STANDS UP FOR WHAT HE BELIEVES IN EVEN IF HE STANDS TO LOSE EVERYTHING.
You say words, that’s all. They have no meaning. #Tupac your not

@dizzydoobeedoo Yeezy shrug is definitely a term we should use more often

Ok Coon-Ye!
Kanye do you like fishsticks.
It's not because we disagree.  Stop minimizing this horrific scene.
YASS FINALLY A CELEBRITY THAT DOESNT GIVE A SHIT WHAT PEOPLE THINK OF 'EM

Was a fan, but I don't support anyone who supports racism and bigotry that is @realDonaldTrump and MAGA... #pass
Ye but you gotta realize that the same commencement speech you give to your audience is the same faction of Demons that summon you to do so

Jesus wept
100% correct my guy
@AbigailPodlogar  truuuuuu
When he said “yeezy shrug” I think we all know who’s one he was talking about...yeah?
What a knob.
You’re right
“When he tell us he a genius but it's clearer lately, It's been hard for him to look into the mirror lately”
@dweis108 @dberk1
Kanye, whatever button that was pushed that compelled you to say "enough" and start speaking/sharing, thank ye!
Kanye I thought you were just another initiate worshipping Baphomet, but now I think you don't want to be a part of it anymore. Keep resisting your programing and expose these evil fools you got my support and I'm sure the support of millions
Ye but you gotta realize that the same commencement speech you give to your audience is the same faction of Demons that summon you, that is because you have taken the disbelievers firstly from the World of the believers
Crazy guy
I had a stroke trying to read this
Nuff wit Da BullShit Fux Wit #OxZilla
I totally read that in rap...
God bless you Kanye.
That's right Ye. Don't let people control you. Think for yourself. Love it!
Boy you sure are bothered by all this.

“Associate with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company.”

#GeorgeWashington
#REALPresident
Kanye i love you
