Taylor ended you

Locals using local gifs lmfaooo
ur whole profile dedicated to taylor swift fam... get a hobby oh my days
That is her hobby ?? Having a fan acc ??? It's like y'all live under a rock
nah tennis is a hobby bruh, twitter only stifles the imagination and depletes the soul
Look at the profile of the person you’re replying too. She’s a Taylor fan too
And ??? Y'all know stan twitter is a thing right? Half the memes y'all use is bc of us.
Get help

call out taylor next
He made that bitch famous
God damn.
He made that bitch famous
Talk that talk man.
Like if u saw the original tweet
What did it say?
?
He just added the  emoji next to it.
you can say anything as long as you put the right emoji next to it.
Oh I get it lmao thanks


Throwback to Obama calling kanye a jackass for interrupting Taylor's VMA speech 
You are a genius Kanye!!! I can’t wait for your new music.
Genius, now that’s a word that gets thrown around way too much.
Whaaa, did hurt your feelings? He ain’t no genius and your insults are so high school.
You guys start writing songs about love - love for country - love for fellow man - love for family - love for your neighbor and you will literally change the course of history! #Awakening
If the republicans would stop being homophobic, transphobic, and racist then we can literally change the course of this history.
Same goes for democrats. We are now the future of the nation. It’s time to come together and give a death blow to injustice once and for all.
I agree we should come together, but it's hard when racist people are around horrible stuff, but also agree people need to be allowed there own opinions, I love everyone, I'm just scared for my people the LGBTQ community,  the rise of hate crime again.

Buy reputation on iTunes
Nah we good
According to a following tweet from Kanye, he and @cthagod have an in-depth interview. This would be the first we’ve heard of it.
Ebro current reaction
Fuck Ebro
You a slave to the thought prison they told you to be in. Keep doing what you are told slave boy.
I don’t have any shackles, mr trump is just a garbage person who I don’t like that’s free thought




@oldmanebro  is wild annoying and problematic.  He's constantly stating misinformation on the air under the guise of fact.  His impressionable listeners believe the nonsense too.  smh
Ebro keeps the shackles on the black community.
I love u too even if u spelled my name wrong it's ok
I love this Kanye.
“Ima” is not an actual word.
Don't be that guy
you erkin lol
Ahem.
Kanye on some sh*t right now 
flop republikkkan
Wake me up when Kanye does a tour. Until then
Swerve you just got swifted!
You already tweeted this tf

Legendary


U rly needed that emoji huh
Ebro keeps the shackles on New York.
He called yezzus whack
Can't wait for your album to drop
Had to redo tweet to put the emoji 
Nah, Sway interview is the best.

LMAOOO HE LOVES ME
Ebro's been dropping TRUTH this week!
still waiting for you to download fortnite
HIRE ME 
I used "ima let you finish" in my history presentation..... you "interviewed" Ida B Wells
Confirmed someone is running his Twitter and fucked up
Yeet reference!

You have to start @ people if you bout that life!
i love ebay too
@dicktwister1
WTF is going on right now?????

I ain’t gone lie if Ye go to the Breakfast Club after all these tweets and does an interview, Sorry 69 that might be the most viewed interview they got including The Birdman interview.
who won album of the year?
You thought you gona get how many retweets exactly...!?


#NoMásPejeMentiras
#love this guy!!  But sorry just not #kim 
How about doing a remake of the Beatles song Come Together. If all Americans unite, we WILL MAGA!

YOOOOOOO KANYE IS ON SOME FLEX SHIT

Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 


Trump Supporter

True!!!!!!  Lolol

Ebro is trash
I liked the one you did with @zanelowe the first one where you were discussing Yeezus the album.
contest alert!

First one to tell me what their favorite lyrics are from my album will get $200, dm me!!
Are u okay man
You just tweeted that

Lmaoo troll
Thank you for existing
Ok
dad

People defending Taylor while she literally lied to get attention she  talking about that famous track. She's a psychopath Taylor fans are so blind. Have they not listened to kanyes phone call with taylor
@ebruzhita

You still fucking wit him after him saying he likes trump?
i'm sticking to his on the field performance lol
Lmao. As a real fan should lol

Cut government assistance to families in need.   Lowered taxes for you and all your friends. It’s cool he got “dragon energy.” It’s easy to back Trump when your a celebrity and not an average person who has to witness his bs on a daily basis.
Yeah, but you do realize this man defended white supremacy, ban trans people from the military, has gutted healthcare while members of his staff (Scott Pruitt) wasted hundreds of thousands in tax payers money to chatter jets, stay in luxury hotels with private security. And cut
Childish bruh lmao
Brothers in a sunken place
How sway how is the greatest interview
Mr west this Mr south.hit Me back

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/introspect-tickets-44765693394 …
@cthagod on conservative talk radio yest was unexpected and great. an entirely knew audience was introduced to him-all bc he was open minded.
Mayonnaise color Benz miracle whip is the greatest line of all Time 
AND YOU ALREADY KNOW DAT!!!!

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
THANK YOU @EBROINTHEAM @oldmanebro
Ebro is just a racist who loves to spread hate
Done with all coonin ass niggas. I loved you and everything you used to stand for until you fell into the sunken place #FalseProphets

Can you imagine if @realDonaldTrump offered hot sauce to black people as an incentive to vote for him? @CNN would have a field day! NEW VIDEO!! Watch the full video using this link: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KrwmLH8QD7I … 
Come to nz heaps of fake ppl here to hate on you lol. Nowhere is safe

Lmao corny ass !
Charlamagne be dogging you though 

Taylor isn’t relevant. Never was for anyone over 13. Keep up the fight Kanye! From one Chicagoan to another! MAGA!
Nah... Sway interview meltdown was the best 


Ebro... you played yourself

What happened? Few months ago you were talking mad shit on the president. You must have a new album dropping and want to increase your revenue. I guess you want to see what it feels like to be apart of all this #winning . You’re literally hypocrite and your music is trash
Breakfast club over Ebro in the morning any day 
I gotta see this Charlemagne interview.
.@cthagod I  NEED  YOU  TO  HAVE  THAT  SAME  ENERGY TOWARD  YOUR  BOY  KANYE TOMORROW #donkeyoftheday
Ok seems like Kanye will be getting #donkeyoftheday today.
Hmmmmm
And the fact that you Chance the Rapper is okay with Kanye supporting a white supremacist says volumes about your character or aspects of your character
That's okay because we all should know that nobody is perfect. No matter how rich or poor, famous or just normal everyday people, President or not we all bleed red. Hate only can destroy...
excuse me kanye west have you seen this very important interview i did with ariana grande about her hair color
I just take everyone with a grain of salt. I feel like most have something truthful to say and something wrong to say about what's going on with our political system. That means, I can't totally agree with Trump or a lot of other people on the other side.
@cthagod I know that’s you tweeting all this shit lol @kanyewest really hired you huh
I VOTED DEMOCRAT FOR 30 YEARS I VOTED FOR OBAMA TWICE, OBAMA DID NOTHING BUT RAISE MY HEALTH INS $4,700 MORE PER YEAR UNION'S SAY VOTE DEMOCRAT BUT THE DEMOCRATS ARE ALL TALK & NO RESULTS THEY JUST WANT TO KEEP THE POOR, POORER JUST TO GET VOTES 
(SO I VOTED FOR DONALD TRUMP)
Classic!

Haaaaaaaaa
NOT FUNNY ANYMORE
NOW you got the answers Ye! #TheGreatAwakeningBegins
we love you Kanye. love you a lot

Its only 75% lol

You’re over you trump supporting rat







Wooo
KANYE SELF AWARENESS LVL 1000 
@amanda
Ebro does not deserve your presence Kanye this is a fact he all on this should I or should I not like nigga how about you don't FOH @oldmanebro
#Dead  #KanyeOwens2024
 Only Kanye would parody  himself!! Haha #geezYeezy
I love this like Kanye loves Kanye 
Haha
Bwaahahahah
But you referenced the sway interview to mention the Charlemagne interview...so is the best interview the sway one?
after the zane louie interview

2

I loooooove IIIIIT!!!

Holy shit happy cozy boi kanye is meta, we are reaching the end

Lmao
Nahhhh the SWAY interview is a fucking classic !!!! 
This dude funny
EBRO HURT YOUR FEELINGS. CHARLAMAGNE DID ONCE BEFORE BUT NOW HE KNOWS HOW TO USE YOU TO HIS BENEFIT.
BUT I LOVE YOU YE. AND YOU @cthagod. AND YOU @oldmanebro
Sway was the best interview
This a publicity stunt gone wrong. Who buying yo album? Nobodyyyyy bitchh!!!
The Sway interview was the best

Snapchat,Instagram she stalking me, she be lurking my Twitter’ She be stalking me!!!!!! 
You gotta go talk to @breakfastclubam again! 
Most people need you to explain it to them... 
They don’t have the vision so they crucify you.


Bruh, I lowkey thought you meant me and mispelled my name lmao
Great job sir, keep up the REAL WORK! PROBABLY GOING TO BREAK A FEW HEARTS BUT ROME WASN'T BUILT IN A DAY!
@Rosenbergradio
Ari, I love you but have to unfollow. I can't stand Kanye West and certainly don't want my feed choked up with his Tweets beyond my control. Peace out.
@oldmanebro
@kanyewest True
Come on Kanye enough is enough. Show these people you have some dang sense.
Sway in the morning interview is the best hands down lol


No. No no. I still love you but no.
Y’all really in here arguing? 
IM READY
Oh wow.  lol 
Yo Kanye go back to the booth.

