Se vc ficar fazendo tuíte engraçado eu vou ter que seguir de novo
That should not be a presidential candidate’s priority, shut up
I TWEETED THAT KANYE. NOT FAIR
You said yezzy not yeezy invalid

Hm another White guy trying to control a Black guy... Must be a Democrat
I said he couldn’t have his own opinions?
I love watching racist Democrats eat their words
You can’t tell what my skin color is?
It's funny how your focus went from mothers loosing their sons in Chicago, to the name of the plane. Brother, this shows me the truth smh
@jaycee744  nigga is so high rty now, whatever he is takin
Must be alien kush asee, yuko on a mission

Yuko on a rant km wiki ivii nomaa
May be he is still on "opium"sijui ndo drug gani izo he was addicted to
https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989162018664935424?s=21 … #Yeezy2020
Never mind. This sticker is already peeled off my car
Let me know if you need a Digital Director. #2024
A digital director should know you can't hashtag numbers
Knucklehead!!!!
Um..
Dang! @cthagod couldn’t have seen all this lovye coming. Good stuff.
Hahah
This guys is so full of it
That is a fantastic grade of weed you’re smoking.
FACTS lmaoo
That just sounds stupid
Won ti pada get e last last
Oh fuck off.
Kanye Is now Officially a #Tweethief
Explain.
He has stolen that Tweet
From who? Proof please

When Kanye will be President , Air Force will be name Yezzy Force 1
Hahaha talk about twit endorsement
OK, Ok,..ok! lol sounds like a new sample; Force One Yeezy, great name for a laxative product! LOLHave you tried country music, you can go by "Kanye Twitty" LMAO!!!


@pambesteder Yeaaaa buddy! @MarebarPatriot

hire me because i genuinely have love for you and your brand. Hire me because i have integrity and loyalty. Hire me for NYC offices. Feel this in your spirit.
Or do it professionally and work your ass off for it... not begging on Twitter
It’s worth a try people can dream. Being negative is cool but i Work my ass off in real life many opportunities do not come for people from where I’m from i don’t get special privileges because of my skin. I don’t have that luxury.

self victimization is a disease
lol, got blocked for this :)
some people cant handle the truth lmao
It was a tweet from the guy she was begging for a job from and for some reason she thinks she needs to pull the race card.

Mkay then. Lol
That’s why she’s blocked. Because if I keep going her whole family will be on me you know how it goes
We? Are there two people inside you?
Who mans is this??
Ain't ever gonna happen so don't fret about it "yeezy".
بالله كلزق
You sound like Sméagol.
@rdreal
Lo quiero un chingoooo

I now believe that any celebrity could become president.
When Kanye (R) runs against Oprah (D) in 2024 I'm throwing a party because that's when America will be gone
Oprah will be Democrat and Kanye will be Republican it's a joke I guess next will be a singer or a wwe wrestler
This is going to be hilarious to watch. Much better then the previous election.
Question...who is “we”?
Kanye & the followers that stuck with him after today. 
Gonna need a bigger house
What? 
Genio
Oh yes 
no


You trump supporter
Let's all hope you have some opponents of equal intelligence during the election. Like a slug or a pebble

what's NOT Kool is SLANDER- "jezzus", Jeezy"... that tour. thank god I do not buy from any artists...think i own only 50 CDs...music is frequency and it can be healing. RAP does not heal and neither does ROCK...neg energy.

So ok. I figured it out. Kanye gonna run for president as fake opposition, while being supported by trump.
Kanye will then steal a majority of votes. But not enough to win. But enough third party votes will make sure trump gets elected again.
I wish your music wasn’t sooo good
Lmao bro these next couple albums better be absolutely immaculate
Go For It,The Air Force Is Gonna Be A Name Brand
Negro, you're not gonna be President, lol
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
Do it
Just stop bro.
Beyond your strong convictions and fame, what exactly are your qualifications for this position?

no
But first, start with an inhaler, Yeezy is way too close to Weezy.  More oxygen to the brain is needed here I fear....

You’re a fanny
it gana be nice
You can dream, but sharing those outrageous dreams have consequences.

That is never gonna happen.... you will not be President... what world are you living in right now.... you need some help
@justin_maurer32 @SeabassVigs @Koolllool
Wtf are you talking about
Air Yeezy???
Hush!
Hahahaaa.. Kanye will kill me ooo
You’re completely delusional @kanyewest
@phatnevo08
dude stfu
^
  all persdents and kings  will have night with your wife then everyone will call you the bitch persistent of United state .
"We"?
hahahahahaha Woe to her mother، west! 
So anyone with no college degree can run for president now? If so let me know so i can nominate myself.. Watch out Kanye 
Right ok
LOL you have lost of freaking mind!
Stop talking! Jeez....
christ
Please don’t!. Love you Yeezy but please don’t!!!.
Your wilding my guy

# kanye has my vote lfmao


@realDonaldTrump
Or the Hindenburg. 
Indeed
YES!!! I already have my Kanye for Prez 2020 shirt! 
Yeah I’m sure Chicago would appreciate that.
Omfg your wife needs to reign your crazy ass in...
Amerika!!!!
That might be somewhere 2052
All the way Kanye.
Now, you need a manager
@jwjdd
Der meint das ernst 
lmao
Keep dreaming..
I love this guy
Dragon force 1
Ummm...you ain't afraid of being arrested dude?
I must be high right now
Somebody get this man his meds
not happening sweaty
Only one person becomes President. There's no "we". But, now I get why you're free-thinking self is sucking up to tRump...you want to ride his coattails into the WH. Well, forget that. You're clearly no PBO.
The shoe was named after the plane 
Dropping new music but you are the same old cray cray.  Reminds me of a Pepsi commercial.
lmfao
I think I have seen this tweet before.
And what do you propose for paris 's future name?
Kanye will do

He said WE so don’t assume and jump into conclusions!
Seriously I think that Kanye West has mental health issues..
FVCK YEAAAH
No
Kanye Cuck McCuck Face West...
Ma Nigg!! 
Yeezy 2024 #YeezyTaughtMe
"We"?? You, your many mad voices and mixed personalities in your poor schizoid, muddled head? When you all become president of the sanitarium they put you in, yes, you can have a lollipop stick model plane that you can name whatever you and your alter egos want.
Nah I think your multiple personalities took over.
Mr. West would you run as a RAPUBLICAN?? OR a RAPOCRAT?? OR a RAPPERITERIAN?? If you arent political put BLUE & RED banners together, it makes PURPLE..like royalty...ooooh
"We"?
Please (also) read, answer, and address these presidential questions and concerns while you and staff are at it -true, honest from the heart Mr. Kanye West fanatic since day 1   https://youtu.be/WbFxL6r7Aj4 . Thank you in advance  Best to you moving forward Mr. West
@NickSmith_92 Harrison Ford’s next Oscar Winning performance
That’s it, unfollowed.
I would legit vote for Kanye for the memes
Some traditions and respect of the Office should live on in part since it is temporarily filled by men/women #POTUS46 #MakeChicagoGreatAgain #Mabij #Smiles #Necromancy
#Manbij oops
Someone is speaking as if he was Venom

This guy is drunk again

I'd vote for you in 2024! Stay the course of sanity and truth and my vote is yours.
@smosh
Ye Ye Ye
Lo amo ansory
Laaaawd
Kanye
Yeezy did it one
what the fuck
SC ARY
Is that the “royal we” or the “I’m an idiot we”?
1000
Yeezy Care

I pray that day never comes
No sweaty you’re cancelled
who’s we
@prabhsingh49
LMAO YEEZY FORCE ONE ready for take off 
You and who?
Hahaha
they gonna change the name of the shoes too? u just tryna sue for copyright kanye
@Vishal3598
Uh no
Do it!
You really scare me sometimes homie
@KimKardashian get yo man
When “we” become president?

Go sit your ass in the Chrisette Michelle corner!!!
Don't.
#Kanye2024
who’s we? don’t drag us into this just like we’re not gonna get say yes to drafted into WW3, Kanye you’re wilding dude
A base on Mars would be dope too.
nahh Ye on another level wit these tweets
Are you saying that only cuz you cant use "Yeezy Force One" as a shoe name cuz Nike already got "Air Force One"
ABBAS STOP POLLUTING MY TL WITH THESE CRUSRY DUSTY TWEETS
LMFAOOOOOOOOOO whatchu mean?  Kanye like the Harvey of the internet
Don’t get ahead of your skis. Start with California. Fix that mess first. 
Bro you’ll never be president. Go sit down
@jc_sanchez04
Unfollow
@slothbay 
Pero qué está pasando acá? 
you kill me soft lad!
What's the craze w/ yeezy my son wants a pair so bad too expensive.. One day I said just not today.  Lol
larga o lolo poc
As much as I love Geminis, I would have to say no  and I dealt with one for 8 years
This man is on drugs   .  Intervention needed
Just because he's #MAGA now, he must be on drugs?? 

Dude, you done lost your Damn Mind!!! Bye Felicia
Nelly
