Research it Ye. You’ll love it. We believe in individual liberty and a small government that does not have much power over the people.
L Given that conservatives are much more pro business, and Democrats are totally into high taxation, it would make sense for black people to support it since black women are starting more new businesses than anyone else! Low taxes means more money for you, not for the government!
Conservatives believe in the Second Amendment and that we should be able to be better judges of our own lives then the government can. We just prefer state and invidividh responsibility instead of putting everything off onto the government.
You can’t really name a time when the government has ever made anything it’s been involved in better… Healthcare was destroyed by the government, and so much more. I mean, have you ever been to the DMV? The people who run that agency should not run anything else!
You live in a country where healthcare should be free. There shouldn't be a price tag on a person's life and those that are less fortunate should be able to have it at no cost for sure.
Free healthcare? BS...nothing is free. Earn it!
shannon you're a complete moron.
A moron for speaking the truth? You are an parasite for expecting anything for free on the backs of hard working Americans. Try somewhere overseas. Perhaps you’ll become ill and they’ll decide your life has no value.
“Never be Kanye, be less talented”
Conservatives encourage freedom of thought.

Liberals encourage conformity. 

Be free.
Be MAGA.
Be Free
Freedom baby!!!
You’re right!  They will never take our freedom!!
Never!!! No matter how much they cry!!
Ha! It’s real “freedom” when you have to choose if to pay the rent or pay for your child to eat...freedom is living paycheck to paycheck. The divide between the rich and poor is growing. Thanks Republicans. What you have is Imperialism folks. Wake up and smell the crap.
Don't pigeon hole yourself into an ideology. "Be ye"
Well good news, because that’s what conservatism is about! We just want everyone else to stop telling us how to think and live our lives. Some people think that should be the government’s job. We disagree.
Conservatives are pro-business, pro-individualism and pro-freedom. We believe every person is first and foremost responsible for themselves, and has the right not to be forced into saying or doing things they disagree with.
Lol you mean unless you're pro choice?
Our individual rights will always end where the rights of another begin. That includes those of a mother.
Except when it comes to the rights of a black man holding a gun in a store. Or legitimately owning one in a car.
Or except when it comes to telling people who they can marry..Didn’t Conservatives oppose interracial marriage..Some still do.
Has Alabama and Mississippi changed their anti-miscegenation laws yet? Didn’t you all recently support Judge Roy Moore, who refused to enforce the Supreme Court decision on gay marriage?
Didn’t the RNC put the whole force of the Party behind him, and he wanted to over turn the 13th and 14th Amendments? You know the one that ended Slavery and gave birth right citizenship to descendants of Slaves?
Research and gaining self knowledge instead of following how others tell you to think brings way more insight than anything that can come out of their mouth.  Good for you for taking a stand!
Kanye West, a bridge between the right and left? Somebody needs to be
Kanye please consider taking a meeting with me so I can explain this to you -- and why supporting conservatives is imperative for our countries sovereignty and freedom, including the freedom to think independently and express your opinions.
Freedom to think independently and express your opinions? Really? And when a Fresno teacher recently tried to express her opinion conservatives like Ben Shapiro and untold others on here viciously attacked her & tried to get her fired for it. What a hypocritical lot.

Good for you, Kanye!!  #MAGA
Its the liberals who are desperate label you as one. They are sick believe me. They cry every day about your tweets because of their obsessive power trips.
Just call yourself a free thinking free marketeer. Keep on being you.
If only you put sanity into that internal debate.
Conservatives let you keep your money 
Conservatives give all your money to the 1% & create huge gaps in income inequality* I corrected that for you.
Says liberal run fake news. That's not true
There is so much wrong with her tweet lol. would you rather be equally poor through socialism or equal opportunity through capitalism. If you r so worried about the 1% become it and create some jobs for us poor folks
If capitalism wasn't so full of systemic racism...
You have no idea what your talking about. Live in North Korea for a year and come back and tell me what systematic racism and oppression is really like

Okie dokie Uncle Tom 
Just do a little more research about the ppl you’re supporting please!
Seems like he's done plenty. Maybe you should take your own advice.
He just admitted he hasn’t.
Do some research on Thomas Sowell...
One of the best free thinkers of all time
Good for you!  don´t let people bully you into shying away
We're not asking you to think a certain way...we're just asking you to think. 
and normalizing an inhumane criminal racist rude sexist shithead -                                          im aware im a wolf  #medsHELP
Kanye West is an uninformed person of average intelligence who got lucky and has a public platform. We shouldn’t care about what he thinks.
if he said something pro your agenda then conservatives would say the same thing you just said and you would call them horrible racist bigots, the irony..
I could double your followers by following you. I won’t, but I could. In fact anyone could.
I would have followers if the fascist left hadn't banned me 20+ times over the last 2yrs for thought crimes, I will be surprised if this account is active another 48hrs, you cant win the war of ideas, so you must censor
That explains everything. Thank you. And bye, Felicia.
if I had tweeted you during twitters normal business hours you would have never seen the tweet, it would have automatically been shadow banned, they have an army of over 20k censors pushing a political agenda
You're just drumming up publicity for your album. Call a spade a spade, Kanye!
You are enslaving yourself being friends with trump, weather you agree with his views or not.
A lot of people blowing smoke up ur rear.  Do you.  Listen to conservatives and your people lose.  Listen to moderate leftist and we all stay on this plantation.
Like progressives, conservatives run the gamut of ideology. Don’t be bogged down in the details but rather focus on the fundamental difference between the two, individualism. Consv are for individuals while progressives are for group think and big govt running the world. Welcome!
Both conservatives and librals are a "monolithic thought". Go drink some milk.
He has no real point of view.
Nope. Just whatever pops into his head he tweets. I guess that’s something he and Donald have in common. Word diarrhea with no thought behind it.
If Pac was alive he would slap you up
If this isn't traditional monolithic conventional thinking then what is?
Kanye west is a conservative?
Nah bro but he says he loves Candace Owens mind and he loves Donald trump but also says he doesn't want to follow conventional thinking which is exactly what they promote as conservatives. So it's contradictory
Please don't confuse trump with a conservative. He's not.
I thought republicans were conservatives my bad
Your grasp of politics is pretty bad.
Well that's why I'm independent I don't ascribe to neither side
Republicans and Democrats don't own any liberalism or conservatism
Good point.  Our thoughts don't fit in boxes.
Free speech & free thinking is the essence of freedom. In our social reality minds are more connected than ever. 

Choose even if it’s unpopular or the risk of judgement but do what you FEEL is right.

Judgement kills the spirit.

Breaks bonds & trust.

Creates fear.
Well you should start. You will see the Republican Party was made up of mostly blacks when Abraham Lincoln was president. Yep. Dems we’re majority of slave owners. That’s a fact. They also formed kkk. Fact.
This is real platform ticket from 1856. Do some research. You will see the democrats have always been about holding down the black man. They are scum of the earth. They are liars and manipulators. Don’t care about us. Just look at all democrat districts ! All shitholes! Truth
Maybe you should start with some research on Trump
What’s the extent of your research, Dumbledore??  Lemme guess. You think he’s racist, right?
Who did? Me or Ron Weasley? He blocked me so I don’t know if he said anything else.
I think kayne is white
Lack of research means ur appraisals of others political "thoughts" also lack context&specifics. Enslavemt? No. Wreckless? Yes.
Independent thinkers can't be put into a box that would consider liberal or conservative
Exactly, don't accept other people's labels.  Just be yourself
Who is this guy?
You weren’t  tweeting about being Conservative. You were tweeting about Trump and rocking a MAGA hat
Americans who are white, are not spending their time nor energy trying to stop Americans who are black. In this country, the only person who can stop you from pursuing your dreams is the person you see in the mirror each morning.
Where'd you imagine that one? Whites are shot and killed more then twice as often by police. Every high profile police shooting you'd likely name is actually justified and the person refused to put down a gun, tried to take an officers gun, refused instructions, etc.
You moron, white people account for a much larger percentage of the population, so of course white people are shot more overall. When you break it down into a percentage (so the data is actually relevant) Black people are several times more likely to get shot by police.
If you want to talk about population sizes, blacks are around 13.5% of the population and make up around 54% of all violent crimes, do you understand how outrageous that is? Factoring those statistics in, you'd expect them to have even MORE police encounters then they already do.
Ok, and why are black Americans getting 15% harsher sentences for the same crime than their white counterparts?
Then why retweet @Ali saying you’re a Republican?
I said he's not a Republican. Don't spread WHITE lies between two BLACK men.
And just to be clear...  “isn’t is TWO syllables, NOT one.  Maybe if you slow down a bit and enunciate it will eliminate these misunderstandings?  I speak fast, but learned the importance of being understood.  But I’m older & wiser than at your age.
Boy you look like a thumb chill out
He photoshopped that MAGA hat on his head LMAAOOOO
We know
That’s the point
Do some research on some of these free thinking Black Americans:  Booker T. Washington, Condoleesa Rice, Ben Carson, Larry Elder, Thomas Sowell, Clarence Thomas, Sen. Tim Scott, Herman Cain, Allen West, Alveda King...
You misspelled Uncle Toms.
MLK was a conservative. Do you think he was an Uncle Tom too?
Sure he was. And you'll be giving a lecture on the difference between super string theory and membrane theory Monday, Einstein. Only not because you're a bullfucking idiot.
He was a conservative.  Your response is completely idiotic.
Oh yeah? That makes complete sense. I mean, I guess that's why he voted for Goldwater and Nixon huh? There is truly no limit to conservative stupidity.
I see you are unable to discuss this without insults.  I read articles by MLK's niece and another by his close friend saying he was a conservative.
If you’re a free thinker and an individual.. you are conservative.
What is monolithic thought? When in history of coming to America have black peoples ever been engaged in monolithic thoughts?  Was is during the Niagra Movement? Trotter and Douglass? Was it during Post Reconstruction? DuBois vs. Washington? Was it during the CRM? King vs.
Malcom X ? Carmichael? Or Marshall? Can we go back to PreCivil War, was it  the debates about Slavery between people like Joseph Jenkins Roberts, or people like Langston. Just because you may not be aware of diversity in black thought, doesn’t mean you assign that “prison”
mentality to all black peoples. At least know the history before you paint the canvass with such broad strokes. Vote however you want, when you decide to exercise the franchise. Just don’t subjugate a whole group of people to something used to denigrate and harass them, for
generations. It’s not new..yet, it’s still pernicious. Exploitation of ignorance is a dangerous thing.
it develop a monolith of thinkers? I think you know that it didn’t.  It’s very hard to accept the lines about black peoples being “enslaved” by their thoughts, when they spent actual generations fighting physical, emotional, and psychological “enslavement”. None of which is
comparable in modern History.
P.S. right now they are using you to raise funds. You do know the majority of that money goes to pay rent at your “brothers” golf estates and legal bills..But, hey that’s what “Brothers” are for right? Now, who is “enslaved”?
Don’t ever get it twisted, I don’t blame you for votIng your Economic and Personal interest, but, don’t call others “enslaved” for doing the same.
Yet you have no problem calling black democrats slaves? If you’re this politically illiterate please do your ‘research’ before presenting tactless and harmful thoughts to millions of people
Let me know if you want to learn about why mandatory minimums are a bad idea, Kanye
Conservatives love God, Our Flag, Constitution, our Anthem, Military & Veterans. 
Yet you describe yourself as a Christian. A monolithic religion...
Not one word of praise from your “friend” about a black man who saved other black people from death even though he was unarmed. A man that could’ve taken the money that was heaped upon him but instead has used it for the funeral costs of the people he couldn’t save.
I believe in my right to agree or disagree, my right to do want I want within the confines of the law  my right to make up my own mind based on facts not on what people tell me I must think or believe I believe in @kanyewest ability to say how he feels.
#MAGA
"The Constitution, in its language and in its spirit, welcomes the black man to all the rights which it was intended to guarantee to any class of the American people. Its preamble tells us for whom and for what it was made.”

Frederick Douglass 1863

Mental Prison 
Hey @kanyewest we've heard you're interested in free thought and informed politics! Join Maryland Discourse!
We're a bipartisan political student group at UMD dedicated to bringing together people with open minds to learn about both sides of politics and keep people involved and informed in their own opinions!
Final GBM on this Thursday, May 3rd, at 7:30 in 0220 Jimenez, UMD! Hop on a plane and come through!

That is rich, as you chain yourself to the Monolithic Republican Party.

you’re leaning libertarian like many in our movement, my self included
@kanyewest I really struggled being a fan of yours after certain things you have said in the past. However, some of your recent statements have given me hope for celebrities in today’s world! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Central. Park. 5.
Liberals rely on keeping at least 45% of America enslaved: either financially or intellectually.

They have nothing to offer free-thinkers, speakers or earners.

Bend the knee to the hive mind or be crushed.
Boycott kanye
red-pilled, not red-pulled SPELLCHECK UGH
Gotta love spell check.  :)
Conservatives feel that shooting unarmed black men is an acceptable reaction of police unable to control their fear & ineptness.
I'm a 56 yr old English woman.The colour of someones skin means nothing to me.I judge by character.I never thought you had any.I thought you were a hollow shallow brainwashed empty vessel.Until now.I was wrong. It's not a case of right vs left.I want the truth. The world wants it
Ditto 
   I'm following him now, well impressed.
You’re* 
An*
Then u r a conservative, bro! We R the real McCoys: free thinkers who refuse to be forced into plantations, boxes, categories and labels created by them radical left wannabe dictators! We chart our own path,our own flights & dreams, away from  brainwashed flocks! @KimKardashian
Ever notice how the buzz-phrase is “free thinking” and NEVER “critical thinker”?
Free thinking is not a buzz phrase, dear one.

 dying
Facts are important! I have some liberal views on things but I’m voting conservative because that liberal party has become scary for the USA!!!
You should talk to my Jew friend @benshapiro
Sir, this is #Starbucks ... I just need to know which size frappuccino you want.
Sorry dude, the very thing you’re avoiding, you have become! Take a look in the mirror, look for your soul, it’s missing! Nobody in their right mind aligns themselves with a tyrant like Trump! It’s not free thought, it’s called selling out!
Conservatism =/= republican.
The cucked republican party hasn't been conservative in decades. There's a good starting point...
Your philosophical quest notwithstanding, you're supporting an obviously negative force, and encouraging the worst possible behavior.
No one is 100% democrat or 100% republican we are a hybrid continuum, not a pure tribe
Translation: "I can say what I want, but you can't label me because I am ignorant." ... Sounds right bro?
Do you have to wear a label? Doesn’t that limit your free thinking? Identity politics is used to manipulate us into group thinking. Disguised as the ‘greater good’ while separating and judging the character of an individual based upon that label’s AVERAGE thinker. Median thinking
Free thinkers base their thoughts on a foundation of truth. Just tossing out nonsense doesn't mean you're deep, man.
Most people grow out of that obnoxious contrarian phase by 12th grade, but you defied the odds. What a disappointing loser
Be independent! We don’t need the labels. The labels only make certain people more powerful at all of our expense. Indie=Free!! Don’t let them define us!!
All we ask is that you think.....
What alot of idiots don't understand is that you can be "liberal" on some things and "conservative" on others you don't have to line up in one side or the other. It's called being a rational human being and it doesn't matter if you're black, white or a gay fish
That's all we conservatives ask of anyone.  God bless you for your courage.
No labels necessary.
Nothing wrong with labels as long as they are accurate. For example, Obama and Hillary are radical leftists.
True.
@Falconer1995 doesn't matter what ye' calls himself. he's endorsing trump and, by extension, his shitty hateful rhetoric.
Can you ever endorse a person entirely? Most people have some good ideas surrounded by shit. I suppose its up to you to figure out your acceptable good idea-to-shit ratio. But its dangerous when you assume an entire person's identity based on a single thought ie what hes saying.
i'm not assuming kanye's identity off a single thought nor am i assuming trump's off a few isolated incidents
doesn't what their identity is either. what matters is their actions and impact
doesn't matter what part of trump's intentions ye supports. wearing MAGA is implicitly endorsing trump's actions. you don't just wear a Chance hat because you agree with some of his ideas. you wear the hat because you endorse the idea/person it represents
there's no way kanye doesn't know what the MAGA hat represents. sure, you can't prove that ye wholeheartedly supports trump's racist intentions, but kanye supports him nevertheless. he doesn't just like some of trump's ideas - he's endorsing trump.
@kanyewest Chicken walks left side of road, is fine. Walks right side, fine. Walks the middle, gets run over. Comes time in life when you have to stand for something. For justice, equality, diversity. Thought you a renaissance man? You actually are siding with monolithic thought
Try & research his housing discrimination lawsuits against minorities (especially African-Americans) in the 80's, Central Park 5 & other headlines on him . Your love song to Trump demonstrates your ignorance.
To Dems, Republican = racist, sexist, blah blah. Name calling is their only platform.  Look at all the cities in the  that are run by Dems, theyre the cities with the highest crime rates, worst schools,  and poorest minority communities.  See Chicago as example #1.
Enough said
Best you can do is putting on a meme. Let me guess,  you got it from the Russians? You are still throwing your birthism & debating his religion? Get over it.
So I'm assuming you question President Obama's citizenship as well. I will gladly not support your music or anything affiliated with you.
Cat kills mouse. Mice protest cat. Mickey Mouse praises Cat. Mickey is called out. "I refuse to be enslaved by monolithic thought." - Mickey Mouse.
A little research for u on what Obama has and is doing for Chicago
By not researching you have been enslaved by monolithic thought.
#BoycottKanyeWest
Come to the right kanye, we have memes 
I respect being an individual, but oppressors have called movements "brainwashing" and and majorities a "hive-mind" to take away their power. I, as an individual, can not support a blatant racist, but you control you.
You've lost it Kanye.
Kanye, after your sacrilegious and blasphemous lifestyle you can not be trusted. However, a man once told me you can deal with the devil as long as you know he is the devil. You sir, we know who you are. I urge all good men & women not to be fooled & learn more about who you are.
I usually vote conservative but I won’t join RNC! I vote for the best candidate! Being independent is best and I research candidates!
As a conservative I still say PREACH
Fact is, Trump's a racist, he's always been a racist and he'll always be a racist. Anyone who doesn't accept that fact becomes part of that racism.
 just stop..ok..just stop
You're missing so much information. Love thy enemy works in parable but not in practice. They don't love you or respect you, you're just their 'black friend'
Gay Fish
I always believed I was a “progressive” till I realized they no longer held the same values they once did.  Now consider myself a conservative and red-pulled former dem
Well... let me take a moment to introduce you to your people.
If everyone would get an DNA test, we would all realize that there is no pure Italian, German, Irish, Russian. We are all related to each other. My genes came from many places.
Mr. West, I have never really listened to your music. The only exposure I have had to you is via media. It is not always complimentary for sure so, I will give you benefit of the doubt and feel like you are honest in your inquiry to learn about what makes the conservatives tick!!
Like the people who think humans cause warming instead of the Sun??  or US $20Trillion debt that Democrats put on us.
#climatechange  
Climate "science" learns from The Master: 
How to use the suffering of the poor to sell climate action snake oil.…
It's better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
That is the laziest, most irresponsible thing I have read so far about this sh*tshow. If he can't be bothered to educate himself before spewing his nonsense, he does not deserve my attention. Or yours.


How are you gonna research anything if you don't read? 
It doesn't take much research, Kanye, to grasp the term Nazi. Start there.
Then at least do some research on the people you're aligning yourself with, please. Not just the things you like and dismissing the rest. No taking that persons word. Actions talk, history talks, evidence talks. And so do his own words. He's using you. You're his token black guy
I’ll give you a hint: 

Everything leftists call “right-wing” is actually just another group of leftists. The religion of statism. Creators of the bureau-cast. 

The rest of us want freedom, creativity, entrepreneurship and to be left alone in our responsibility. #Libertarian
@carlinpeton
Your music is a product of a monolithic thought.
You apparently haven't done research on a lot of things.
You never think before you speak!! #nutjob
I call myself liberal, conservative or centrist depending on the issue. I guess that means I'm independent?
you might want to "research" the word monolithic.
Then free yourself through informed thought
SO YOU'RE REBELLING 
AGAINST MONOLITHIC THOUGHT
BY BEING MONOLITHIC!
FUCKING GENIUS!
Doh.
Seek truth. Be a critical thinker. I believe you will discern racism/divide is the cancer ‘they’ peddle. They want our country white. White as can be. You don’t have the power alone to change that. We need a collective. A revolution.
Well if you decide to study up, know this:  The Quakers (early Christian settlers of new world) tried to free the slaves 1st and treated them as equals. Abraham Lincoln was able to do it later in history. It was Christians & conservatives that did this. God created us all equal.
Then do some fucking research. No one is "enslaving you with monilithic thought", you're advocating for views you are not informed enough about to discuss, by your own admission.
Appreciate independent thought We are all individuals and have different experiences that shap our world view
So proud of you! Took enormous courage.....
One of the stupidest things you could possibly say. “I'm too lazy to look into facts or details- I just like being a rebel no matter what that means or who it hurts”. 
No worries, @kanyewest attaching labels to yourself is a very, ahem, Dem mindset. 
Anyone trying to down you for speaking truth and love is obviously working for the lower side of life. #peacebewithyou #loveandlight
Just be a patriot. There is no conservative or democrat anymore. Just swamp or Patriot.
You don't have to call yourself anything, we are all humans!
Glad you are exercising your right to free speech.  As a fan of the OLD Kanye, I find it disappointing that you would voice your opinions, admit you have NOT done your "research" and openly admit YOU DIDN'T VOTE!  #WakeUpMrWest #WakeUpMrWest
You do realize that this country is split right now. If you want to be a #MAGA, you go with a monolithic mode of thought that thinks blacks are lazy, hispanics are rapists & not all people deserve healthcare. That is some seriously evil monolithic thought. Your choice.
then perhaps wait to spout off until you know what you’re talking about
If you are aware that you "haven't done enough research" then shouldn't you shut up until you have?
You don't have to be a conservative on social issues to realize that economically it's the smartest path. I understand caring for others but you can't financially take care of the whole world and their problems. You have to take care of yourself first. Just like in an airplane...
Please check out http://qanon.pub  #Qanon
Take your time brother.  We aren't going anywhere.
Monolithic thought Eh? I suggest 2 things. 1. Do research before you come here and make a fool of yourself and 2. When you learn a new word? Find out how it may apply to the situation you want to use it in.
As some one else said.. start with Central Park 5 Next try Birtherism
I respect what you’re doing. Another demographic that could sit around and cry over a savage genocide of 6 million just 75 yrs back, but now vote conservative, move back toward God and serve their country. It’s called forward thinking!
You may be able to escape the liberal matrix but the ‘devil’ does not want to give back what he once had Kanye. Best of luck.
What about the pressure to get back on the Democrats' Plantation as depicted by the brilliant @afbranco
Black people have always been a mixture of conservative and liberal. Black people are very conservative but most of them don't even know it.
Central Park 5! Should tell you everything you need to know about your bff @realDonaldTrump.
That’s even better!!  Make up your own mind by following truthful facts!!  Very proud of you and all who follow in your footsteps!!  Way to use your celebrity for goodness and honor!!  #MAGA

there are other options than "conservitive" or "progressive" if you want to explore free thinkeers, don't leave out #Libertarianism, @therealqball
One of the most insightful responses I've ever read. As a black man, Ferguson MO, raised strictly Democrat, served U.S. NAVY 20 years. I've always questioned their politics, one day my ship pulled into Pearl Harbor, with the bow gone and on THAT DAY, I pulled in, a conservative.
Our film is about Black Conservatives by Black Conservatives.  Award-winning, Amazon Bestseller.  Check it out
"refusing to be enslaved by monolithic thought" OK....got it.
All you need to know
Cool. Just be yourself. You don't have to be anybody else.
They wanna put everyone is some kind of category! Screw that! I voted Trump because I am a free thinker and do not listen to propaganda!
.@KanyeWest
Research project: Trump & #CentralParkFive. Trump's FULL-PAGE $85K ad in four NY newspapers. This was in 1989, a YEAR before #CP5 went to trial #InnocentUntilProvenGuilty

2016: #CP5 innocent bc DNA evidence. @realDonaldTrump = said they're STILL guilty, no apology
I'm a Conservative and I'm happy to tell you to keep doing what you're doing. Don't label yourself. You and Candace are doing something historic.
Get ur self together! Stop trying to divide people!  We have enough going on.  Ur mind but keep ur thoughts to urself...  Peace my brother!

Next time I have no idea what I'm talking about,  I'll just take the high road and say I'm refusing to be enslaved to monolithic thought.
Idiot
You are a leader and not a follower.
You can’t be enslaved to anything unless you think you are. Embracing evil to prove you’re free isn’t freedom - it’s just a reaction.
How old are you again? You ought to have that figured out by now.
There is no way a guy who sang “I wanna fuck you hard in the sink” knows what “monolithic” means.
#ProudPatriot #MAGA #TheGreatAwaking #TrumpRally #GreatAwakening #TheResistance #RedwaveRising #RedWaveRising2018  #Redpill  @realDonaldTrump 
#USA USA #USA USA 

Pray For Your Country its Under Attack
Trump is #MAGA
You’re refusing to engage in any thought at all.
Imagine that..... 
Could be the beginning of a mini revolution..
Kanye Unchained....
So you're enslaved by ignorance instead
Such a lost soul. I’ll pray for you my brother
change your direction. help the poor, serve the sick. make a difference please.
Elaborate your thoughts a little more so that I may truly understand what you are saying Kanye.
You’re being used as a Pawn by MAGAs to cause division in your community like they did in the white community. They are salivating all over this. Sad u don’t see it.
Time to pull your head out #ConservatismIsAFailedIdeology
I think you'll find these three memes sum things rather nicely...
Congratulations on avoiding enslavement to monolithic thought!  It is so refreshing to see someone embrace willful ignorance and proudly proclaim it from the mountain tops to the multitudes!  No one could make Monolithic-lack-of-thought trend like you! Bravo, I say! Bra-VO!
the u a w made a deal with obama that saved gm

tesla is anti union

https://insideevs.com/chevy-bolt-was-1-selling-electric-car-in-california-in-2017/ …
Conservatives are not racist!!
He didn't help Blacks he helped Iranians
The Divided States of America. 
I bet Mexico can't build that wall quick enough to keep you dopeys there. Just needs Canada to do the same and stick a fucking roof on and the rest of the world can leave you to it.
This is what I was talking about @Hicko64 
Not a sausage.
It was a test.
Not a nibble.
Is it in a big dustbin somewhere?
you havent done enough research on any of it lol. none on Candace Coon Owens.. none on Dotard Trump.. none on Obama.. youre just troll'n
This tweet assumes you actually have thoughts. As if, your brain works and your opinion matters. Hahahaha. Next.

No matter what opinions people have of you, they still need to value your right to think and say what you want. 
If all individuals are free then we are all truly free.
Liberals want to control your brain and tongue. 
That’s enslavement.
I’ll explain it best this way. Bernie Sanders wants one to get $15 flipping burgers. Trump wants Americans (all Americans) to make twice that or more with bennies and a retirement plan. Full time job instead of 2 part time jobs like too many people have to do today.
Something unheard of when I was young in the 80s. People had a full time job, school students worked part time. Even Burger King was a full time job. Now it costs so much to do business from over regulation that they offer part time to save money as a business.
Here is a name for you Kanye.  James Shaw Jr.  Learn about him and from him. It will do you good.
I get it that Dems should not take black people for granted. I get it that you are rich, so you may side with those that rich people should have all the power. But please don’t think those of us who oppose kleptocracy and want a chance too are automatically sheep.
Get over yourself! No one cares
O come on - your wife hasn't been headlined in the news lately. So you need to get in on the action.

Kanye,you do not need a label.I think your fine as you http://are.Im  a senior citizen and I just go with my gut feeling and it usually leads me down the right path.God Bless.
Well said Kanye, conservatism is Love, Love of God of liberty , life & freedom,supporting our fellow Citizens &Veterans, America & our Constitution. Conservatives believe in small and limited Govt & oppose a Govt that cherry picks which laws to enforce & oppresses its citizens
Agreed.
really dude?  there's a difference between monolithic thought and openly supporting a bigot.  do better!
