Babies are not born with hate. It's taught. " We the people "
Perpetuated by Democrats
Yes and some republicans too. Whites, black, Hispanics, etc. My Grandma taught me, treat others as you want to be treated..
I was taught the same thing
Yea sir. Love ya man! 


This is beautiful


Jordan, you are great. But it is not great when you make Kanye appear in my timeline.


Me when Kanye tweets about love
Is that Arnold Schwarzenegger? What is this i thought it was iron man
Jingle All the Way
Bro do yourself a favor and watch this movie. Its a classic. Don't even wait till Christmas
Is kanye in it?
Uh. Sure? Yes, if that will get you to watch the movie. No, if ~that~ will get you to watch the movie. Nowadays its hard to know ppl's stance on Mr. West haha
Hahah! I’ll def watch it since you were fending for both sides.
Me and my family used to watch it as our first Christmas movie every single year. Itll have you weak lmao, its too funny
idk why i read “love is fortnite”
Retweet if u love Kanye!
LIKE if you love kanye.
LIKE if you think Kanye is absolutely nuts.
Infinite you say...
I hope you mean the makeup 
Love INFINITE #인피니트 infinitely
So is Pi
No it's irrational
As is a Kanye Trump equation
But there ain’t no stone for love 
Everything you say has a Gif
And $OCN possibilities!

Sending nudes to anyone who likes ;)
YEEZY 4 PRESIDENT !!!!
You've been my hero since I was 5 !
 College Dropout, Registration, Graduation, 808S, YEEZUS,&Pablo!

THANK U
For never changing ,
Like ALL THE GREATS
Walt Disney ,2 Pac, John Lennon, MLK, Malcolm X , JFK, Ghandi, & Lady GAGA 
YOU'RE THE TRUTH!
& MY HERO!
YE just stop tweeting
Or you could just unfollow?
Like if Twitter should suspend him
for spreading love ? Yo the one who should be suspended for the HATE
Calm down Timmy she’s talking about how he twitted about trump
he is replying on a wrong tweet then
Dear Kanye you are a brave star who is teaching others about love consciousness healing and forgiveness could you and @KimKardashian and your celebrity friends with love help Americans future generations of America and humanity with tweeting #releasethecures 11:11
Could and your celebrity friends with love help American veterans people with disabilities and those that require caregivers and humanity with tweeting #releasethetechnologies
11:11
Shut the f$%k up!  tell that to Sandra bland!  tell that to treyvon Martin! and the countless others! You should be ashamed of yourself! Trolling our pain for publicity and album sales! shame on you!  @cthagod @JoeBudden #BlackLivesMatter #cancelkanye #boycottkanye
You're exactly the kind of person kanye is talking about. Maybe its time for you to go shopping for a new attitude.
As a concept.
"As a concept"
@kanyewest is the Rosa Parks of 2018.  He dared to leave his assigned position and sit where he was not allowed


Love is POWER 
This is INFINITE #인피니트 ^^
I thought I said love is fortnite for a second
Indeed, love is Infinite..  
Waiting for the icarly to Brazil tweets
And so is your love for Donald J Trump... I just fade away...
Infinite love beats infinite hate....  fade on
And Trump’s Love trumps all hate.
like if you’d vote for love
coe kanye tao me atacando aqui no cucat por te defender irmao
eh nois não aguento mais ser atacada por causa do Kanye 
ô pai @kanyewest ajuda nois aí caralho
ta foda ai mas tudo bem
kanye made jesus walks so hes never going to hell
Jesus is Love.
INFINITE is love.

Microdosing Kanye is the best.
I remember the 90s and early 2000s didn't have to worry about what race your where everyone learned the same stuff in schools nobody was offended we were all just Americans kinda miss that
@NathBirkinshaw
It’s true.
Rilès il dead

Hey! We know you are rich! Use your money to bring iCarly to Scotland right now or else we will report you to Scotland’s First Minister @NicolaSturgeon and you will be banned from Scotland forever!
i hate this tweet i hate this platform
i’m reporting you to nicola sturgeon
good a traitor to the cause.
It's also free.
Damn I've been doing it wrong the whole time...
That explains everything, you are a wise man, sir
Honestly I’m in love with your vibes kanye, xoxo
sure  @Official_IFNT
YOU ARE RIGHT.
Hey nice retweet, looks familiar

tw-YEET
#infinit8Iniesta
Damn.. for a second I though he said Fortnite! 
Love is infinity war
Retweet if you agree with Malcolm X that any minority block vote makes them chumps to one political party
So is ignorance
love is endless
LOVE IS INFINITE TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
so is fortnite

Where I Come From (Official Music Video)
https://youtu.be/uD5HTb8EgDg  
Until you got in bed with trump, now you are #unfollowed
So basically you’re saying “have the same opinion as me at else” 
How big of you. You must be a champion of free speech.
Love Is Dragon
Indeed
I mean it might not be false though and it is nice to hear 
agreed. speaking on the rest of Ye’s nonsense. i don’t believe anyone should “stick to (insert hobby here)”, but my man is severely misinformed just about everything he speaks on outside of music n sneakers
Yeah true, I think that goes for pretty much every celebrity but people listen because they have a following.
ah idk, it looks like a lot of the artists surrounding Ye have a good grasp on history. homie might just be spending too much time with Rick Rubin’s crotchety ass
I don't know what you mean by a good grasp on history. I also don't know Rick Rubin but it sounds like the people you think have a good grasp on history are the ones you agree with. Not trying to be rude, jut saying it how I see it.

Diddy is 48
Infinite means is not finite and is defined unencapsulated
Love noah
love is also war. Infinity. War. THE AVENGERS!!!!!
Don't understand why your so called friends r thowin U under the bus? JEALOUSY???.
Actually, I’m 184cm.
Sorry to disappoint.
Retweet if media elites and white Leftist are destroying the Black Family
I wrote a movie about you Kanye please be a free thinker and take a look
I WROTE A KANYE BIOPIC. READ IT HERE:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2ghLnkMA4pVTFBDVkM3QnZicHc … 
WHAT, INFINITY WAR SPOILERS!
https://youtu.be/TTs4tK-p5Mc  Tune n
You're doing awesome Kanye.
People have questioned where did God from and Kanye just answered it. GOD is love. In the beginning there was Love and love was infinite and love was so powerful it was impossible for it not to exist. So from love the universe and life was born.
TC
it also is the only thing that transcends time
yes it is! God Bless you.
That's what I said @Ms_Uzor
@Official_IFNT 
@Official_IFNT  IN FI NI TE 
Thank you Kanye, Very Cool!
INFINITE??  #infinite #인피니트
Show @StreetBread90 some love then @kanyewest 
@ure_gross
Except for you
And so is your bullshit. 
So is your stupidity
*correction* @kanyewest 
... God’s love is infinite.
Your full of shit
It would be great if that infinite love extended to those denied healthcare eh? Wouldn't that be something,
Everyone should drink the Kanye “cool”aid... all we  need is love!
#100DaysOfCode
#301DaysOfCode
Why @kanyewest is not CRAZY!
Yh.. Like #Gringo by @shattawalegh
Well were gonna have to see how he does in game 1 Kanye
so is kim's booty
Don't ever let the media dictate what is "beautiful"! Love you for who you are!

"Your perfect impressions"
@FedeMore
WWWwwWWWwWWOOoOOOooOOoOoowWWwWWWW Un pensador como pocos! Qué mente sobresaliente tiene para revelar esa verdad OMG nadie nunca lo había pensado.
No cap
Love is truth.  Love is light. 
#truthconquersall
And the truth is: #thelefthandpathistheleft 

yes INFINITE
If you’d really like to feel deep love and relaxation. I invite you to a crystal singing bowl session with me or even one of my drum circles. 
Yet you uplift a man completely filled with hate, spreads it throughout the world and encourages violence against his fellow man  #kanyechoosesslavery
what r u even saying

Wakanda forever
@branutumor bio's: faço fotos e odeio tudo
also branu retweets:
A minecraft map too

But people's tolerance of your shit isn't
yeah well so is crossbow ammo on fortnite
num é não viu
U met my ex wife??
Yes! 
#INFINITE  #인피니트  #Tell_Me 
 LUV LUV LUV LUV LUV LUV LUV
@Official_IFNT
kamye infiguiny war
You wanna show love? Make them yeezys 100 dollars nigga.
As is your blathering
like you and Amber Rose??


@felipe_fugarcia porque le das fav a kanye west??? Estás mal de la cabeza??
Love is the highest elevation of understanding
nah
Please Share
The latest episode is dedicated to Kanye, and everyone trying to bridge gaps with love. 
It’s time to forgive Hulk Hogan, America 

I N F I N I T E
    L O V E
         I S
       A L L
Tru
y War*
Spoken with love, accepted in love...grace, dignity & respect...keep using your voice of love
A love supreme #johncoltrane
epic sonic cd
Waves don’t die
I thought it said “love is fortnite”
Please please stop. You are obviously in the manic phase of your bipolar disorder. Just just just stop.
@niapniapniap
Give me $250K dlls. That’s infinite for me 
@AVital278
Selling your soul too
@temcnair9 whoopdescoop
@courtneecujo
So is hate

RETWEET IN 10 SECONDS FOR GOOD LUCK FINANCIALLY IN 2018 
God is love and God is infinite, so yes, absolutely!
...Ty war @ShevyFax
Tell these bitches that.
Everyone please RT #helpsavedemislife Demi Knight needs YOUR help.  Please donate to
Listen to Why they Bang like dat (NWA remix)- BlakJak by Dallas Blakkjakk Burgess #np on #SoundCloud
Keep doing you cant wait for the next album
@ei_lorrana 4real
damnnn bro   crips gunna fuck u up son??? dangg goodluck dude!
Who’s love is infinite? My love only lasts up until the very a second I bust my nut. Aaaaaand it’s gone
Ain’t it?
Infinite is Iniesta
Dopamine, norepinephrine and phenylethylamine are finite
Get'r Done! Love You  brotha.  Authentic love .Truth, Reason, Logic

Too much love turns ya nuts btw bruhhh
My love for bitcoin is infinite
bring iCarly to Brasil
Is this a plug for Avengers: Infinity War? I can’t tell anymore.
Try to read this if you can #love
Show some love on my SoundCloud than suchymahcock
love is dead
infinite warfare*
Our patience with you, however, is not.

Get your shit together, Kanye.
Infinity war
I understand your point
then why are you supporting a man so full of hate?
That's what my ex told me
69 = 
Says who
Love is fortnite*
Totally
Tag an artist who call body this!

Me: @MeekMill @iSwerve_Bxtchez 
#TrapaDriveGain #beatmaker #hiphop #instrumental #buybeats #RAP #artists #Flstudio #musicproduction #turnup
I
F
B
Love don't exist No more
@JulzAlyce
So is your stupidity

yes father kanye give us all ur knowledge
my timeline of kanye on twitter is infinite
Preach! #loveislove
Say that to my divorced parents
I don't know how to even properly respond to this
Lol I didn’t see you were attached to that reply
Love is infinite < infinity stones.
@chutes__
Damn I really didn’t want Infinity War spoilers @TechnicallyMatt
Love is fortnite*
Until you die by hiding in a bush
I misread that and thought it said "love is fortnite"
Or as long as $20 will get you........
@kanyewest sorry, that's a bad joke.
So is my love for u
And Michigan football!
Love is not infinite. What a stupid, childish thing to say. Love is tested and it often fails miserably. Those who stay in love until death are amazingly admirable and worthy of praise but love is not infinite in the least. Grow up and read some books.
Why don’t you grow up, going out your way to put down some words of inspiration. 
Why don’t you get a life and go back to reading books?
I’m so glad you looked up from Kanye’s nuts to type that, snowflake.
Just so you know, I don’t like Kanyes music, but I admire him for not being a leftist sheep. 
You’re the one melting over his point of view 
Ohhh Hahahaha You’re the guy who likes Kanye now because he posted a MAGA hat. That has to be the saddest shit I’ve ever seen 
Yup and you hate him for the same reason. 
Pot calling the kettle black! 
#liberallogic
I don’t hate Kanye. I have his music on my playlist, fool. You don’t know me as well as i know you. #classiccon
Jesus I hate Kanye West
Know thy self then maybe you might understand love, It seems that you do not.
Karolina, Karolina, I've always been devoted to a finite universe.
Chesed my brother
While everyone focused on Kanye West, I just want you to share this if ya like it to help me get in his position... I ain't even going to lie!!

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1661401350602304&id=100001973640156 …
So is stupidity
Is it your love for Trump, or love in general.
