kanye i’m sorry but you know there’s a lady bug emoji 
 he used every emoji but that one. Gotta love him.
the god does what he wants 
Hes new!!! Welcome him to twitter
i know i know i love him

underrated
Am I the only one more distracted by what look like scars on her elbow?? Aww... what happened? 
I specifically came to the comments to see if I was the only one 
Same!
hi
Wooooow. These hype beasts are fast now bruh
These are my ladybugs 
Ok
I like how you used every bug emoji except the ladybug
Its not a lady bug tho.
Anyone can be a lady bug


just stop

@ItsKonnerWithAk  what a blessed day
You just wait until he drops the most fire lyrics about North and the Ladybug. Track 9 stay tuned
that's an Asian beetle actually, common mistake
Aren't those things demons as opposed to ladybugs?
So we all just gonna ignore the illuminati scab on her arm? I bet this is a ritual for the young ones when they turn a certain age.
Account got locked right after I said this. Holy crap they’ve found me.
Maybe you're on to something...
Aww
Northie
Kanye ...

There’s a lady bug emoji
Emojis don’t suit you
Bruh you know there is a  emoji????!!!

never stop tweeting
Having a ladybug land on you is a sign of good luck 
issa whole ladybug emoji wyd 
You used every emoji besides the  emoji 
Why did he use every emoji but the ladybug emoji lol
No he isn't. Alt left people that are trying to suppress people's freedom of speech are fascists.
"anyone who dosent agree with us is fascist" - alt/far left
stay on subject ..
Man you have stop liking your own tweets
What happened to North's elbow
Forget the elbow; why she only got four fingers?
Maybe the lady bug did eat that missing finger 
Amidst everything you have to say right now and you stop because ‘North found a ladybug’ 
I love it
What's that on her elbow?
Make a wish baby 
.... her wish is for you lot to STOP hating on her Dad and Mom
help her find the button to release all this music


Awww! The orange ones bite! Rarely see red ones anymore! THANKS GOVERNMENT! 
I love lady bugs too but please check your pets' mouths if you have any

That could be an Asian beetle
xo K8
Cute kid  hope you and your family are well.
when u use every bug emoji except the ladybug emoji lmaooo
Don’t the orange ones bite
used every bug emoji but the actual ladybug emoji smh
Damn we lost Kanye, somebody gotta save him
So cute
Do you really have nothing else to do rn
WINNIPEG, MANITOBA, CANADAS
Why does the girl have scars?
Or did the lady bug find north “quiestion everything”
underrated
Did you spell that right? Why does it look so weird
did you spell question right?
Prolly not
@LeaSimeon
Miséricorde lui montre pas ça
elle les aime autant qu’elle t’aime toi petite pute
ah super l'ambiance ici
This is my favorite @kanyewest tweet.
Why all the fire though
ASIAN BEETLE KILL IT WITH FIRE
Chill w the fire emoji
What is this in her arm???
stop with the damn emojis 
scars on her arm?
This is honestly the only acceptable tweet posted from you all day.
I think you mean "All ever." That's right, it's a phrase. Now.
Burn it like Taylor
What did you smoke?
None of those emojis are a ladybug lmao
@mejeff__ Why does his daughter have only 4 fingers
Thats what happens when you have sex with your cousins
Proud of her!!!!!
That’s a Japanese beetle not a ladybug, Ye.
wholesome
I'm just trying to figure out how much that t-shirt is worth. I know y'all don't wear Hanes or Fruit of the Loom 
I'm sure Kim doesn't know you posted this pic. She would say Kanye why post such a pic on Twitter. I mean she's not all dress up and whatnot

Love the foward thinking by using almost every bug emoji but the  very interesting
This was the highlight of my day. Thankyou Kanye for the positive content
When did I start following Kanye??? Seriously,
lady bugs are red the beetles who pretend to be lady bugs are orange
need work and willing to work full time and dedicate myself with your brand. no college degree just from the streets and can hustle. respond back Kanye would be a blessing
youre so fucking pure and powerful at the same time wtf
@Iambillyforreal  akere wa bona
okay I get your point now
Some KKK shit
"you can say anything you want as long as you put the right emoji next to it" 
Kanye West 2018
And he didn't put the right emoji 
I bet that lady bug is a republican
ok cool
That's unilag bed bugs that developed wings
That's...thats not how we use fire emojis
Did you assume the bugs gender ?
@sssaveloy
@__NOHEMI
my dude didn’t even use the ladybug emoji for this tweet 
I wish my parents hyped me up like this
That’s not a lady bug. It’s a Japanese beetle and they bite. Red are lady bugs and orange are Japanese beetles. Watch out North!
Sta to mene boli kurac
@bugmanetv skittle scattle
What happened to her elbow?
aww this is cute
I enjoy these little updates
the lady bug found her
@RisKMur
Cutie pie!!!!!
Purple suits her!
@Cherrykardash27 cute
Every emoji but the lady bug I’ll help 
Please keep on tweeting things like this!
North lookin a lil ashy my guy
What's it like knowing you're daughters following Kim's footsteps of pornography
This is the content I want to see 
 praise god that Kanye back on twitter.
Awww. That’s good luck. 
LOS EMOJIS
I love the way you use these emojis its so artistic ily
NORTH FOUND A LADYBUG TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
@christenjadams
Doesn’t that mean good luck?? 
I wonder if that’s actually that Asian beetle that looks like a ladybug but isn’t a ladybug 
You might not see this @kanyewest but one day imma make a album with you.
That’s good luck

Can’t believe you’re able to go off and still be on at the same time
DAMN SHE HAVE 4 FINGERS THO
I FUCKING LOVE YOU DAD
you do know there's a lady bug emoji right? 
Lady Luck
North is going to have a very lucky day today 
It’s a peoplebug. 

Wouldn’t wanna assume gender

It’s not kind in 2018 toxic P.C hypersensitive climate
purple!
Asian beetle bro
COOOOOOOOOOK!
Let me have yo babies lord
Good luck 
how cute
AWWWW SHES SO CUTE
she’s adorable
that's good luck
#StreamNoTears 
Spotify: http://spoti.fi/2J9VAle  
Apple Music: http://apple.co/2F1VU2V  
YouTube:

Rate her 
Made the Chi tribune for the dopest house slippers Ye
These are better
Not according to New York Times.
The emojis on this tweet has me foldeddd @JabariCM
Can we have a North verse on the album?
Like please?!
Awe I love this
contest alert!

First one to tell me what their favorite lyrics are from my album will get $200, dm me!!
Akala mo ano ba sa kadami ng emoji hahahahhahahaha @nikolePasilan love him
Kacute uy!!!!! Asshole to the world pero the sweetest sa iyang fam grabe hahahah kita mo following nya?? RG HAHAHA
OO UY SI KIM LANG HAHAHHAHAHA Way labot sa uban piste hahahahhahaha love it
Sweet
Or didnthe Lady bug find North lol....either way cute
Someone's visting letting you know they're with you
Not sure how much more she could possibly need but it is good luck to find a ladybug 
Ye be careful my bro, unless they are red they can be poisonous

Maybe the ladybug found her... you ever think about that champ.
THAT'S A GOOD OMEN,
cute!
Explain the scars
Aww so cute
It’s a lady bird, so why the emojis of a beetle, catapiler and spider ?
@Samdriverx when you first got an iPhone 
My Mama is in heaven and every time I need to feel her...her fav., a ladybug, appears
That's not a ladybug tho it's an Asian Lady Beetle 


Those flames mean you gonna set the ladybug on fire?
What’s with all the fire emoji’s 
Hey young lady ,have you eat bug before ,it is very tasty you know 
92k retweets for a pic of a ladybug? The world's going mad.
@sisDAWGG don’t like this knowing full well you hate lady bugs
I remember finding them- REAL AUTHENTIC childhood w/nature, backyard, simple, no gadgets and Mom yelling, "DINNNNNER".
Thats actually a Dragon Blood Bug.
invasive species.. Japanese beetle
So what I found a frog
Lol ok
North has beeeenn falling 
Dat boi

So we should do what?
So cute! She is a beautiful lady bug!
Some damn body somewhere is pissed that you just pre-defined that bugs gender...
What are those scars on is elbow
What's with the scars on the elbow
Did she fall?
does ye not know there’s a lady bug emoji? 
So precious!  Love her
all the fire emojis are clue on what to do next
My favourite insect when I was a child and even now. I still get excited when I see one. Stick insects are cool as well. And cicadas.
شاطر
This the most important event in your life.  Time with your son.
That is an Asian Lady Beetle though.
Plot twist... A lady bug found North.
Kanye, ti voglio bebe ma usi troppe emoji.
WOOOW :)
@CaioCorraini
What are those scars on Baby north ?
That lady bug is poisonous
Great sign..I'm crazy about them
Her shirt looks softer and thicker than any shirt I have ever had. That lady bug wanted a soft place to land and nature wasn't cutting it.
That’s not special.
My friend before she graduated to heaven said anytime you see a ladybug I am sending you my love.
Loving the way you let your kid get rough through play. Really digging her scratched skin, that's how an African child grows & develops enough confidence: happy childhood!
Kanye there is no butterfly emoji!!! :( please change that!
did you make her name it 'donald'?
