True
Grow up
There’s no such thing as growing up. Forever Young!
I meant mentally.he is immature.
Why is Perez trying hard to stay relevant but u past tense
dying is to be naked again and to see that any fitting or clothing will never ever make us fit life because we are mortals! All the materials we gain through life (money, clothing, etc..) are some kind of toys that we create to forget that last moment, the feeling of being mortal
Let's play "1977" - year we were born.
Every time you buy another toy, you add a year onto your life!!!!!
Everyone just wants to be free. Freedom comes from getting income from doing what you love to do, not what you have to do to get by.
Nah lol I’m good with not getting older but I appreciate maturity.
Always a kid..i feel like touching myself rightnow  oops kids dont know that ..

My job as the 23 is to provide that way of playing. For it is the natural beauty. Wise Men follow #Tuchewy . He is the Meeting ground
Bruh this post is deep. Childish ways like eating 2 much sugar will eventually kill us. Too much hard drugs too will kill us. Ik u didn't word it like that to say that message but yeah im putting 2 and 2 together

I have been recently reading the tweets of Kanye West. He is trying to spread the ideology of love.

when a child is aware of the death than he is not a child any more, the fitting fights start at that moment. We want to be rich and better than others because we have the illusion deep down in our unconcious mind that when richer wealthier, we will live longer than others.
Now this I agree with 
Your philosophy reminds me a lot about Nietzsche's philosophy, are we too many weight bearing camels that never became rebellious lions, rebellious lions that never became creative children? Übermensch is dead?! Yeezy help us all.
@kanyewest you’re really a weird person lmao
@kanyewest

... either too much 'Ganja'
... or not enough 'Ganja'

W.E.I.R.D
yes right 
Sir. Please promote Verge xvg be part of evolutionary movement.
Some never grew up
Little big kids man. When I was a kid I thought adults were crazy. All I wanted was to still be a kid as an adult. I’m not saying it is easy and as an adult now I am fucking crazy , but I still do my best to act like a kid .
Don’t we all want that feeling back....that was an amazing feeling wasn’t it.
wanna become like a little child...Daddy's son?
exactly! Why do we stop going to the playground? We have to go back, find our free spirit and play! #rocknbeauentertainment#kidsatheart
We are kids. When we are not we feel the discord of that.
'one must become a child to enter into the kingdom of heaven' - Gospel of John i think, one of the gospels anyway

#proud2bechildlike no man can kill my inner child.
We are wild we are like young volcanos
It was nice to see you coming through for freedom, and coming out in support of this country.. but Kanye.. you’re starting to sound like you’re going through a crisis, or going through the Michael Jackson thing.....
Quite literally. But we won't do anything about it..
Donald Trump definitely has the emotional maturity of a kid!
P u r so past tense trying 2 hard to be relevant  Kanye’s a god! #Kanyeisagod 
#Tuchewy is the 1st #Kid

And some people who hate you now eat kids are are spirit cookers.
Mark 10:15
Or we trying to take care of the kids we got.
We all want that feeling again we all need and want a chance to start over
Now you're spot on!! #Truth #UnitedWeStand #DividedweFall
Still die.
One of the reasons why I got started in education, I plan to have my own someday.
Been saying this my whole life you tell them Ye

Well now this I agree with. Did you check yourself? Grow up
Mature enough
Fact
truth Kanye.. hope you are back to the original kanye
Nope ... he still ain't ...

O hell no. Get comfortable in your age, it just keeps getting better
How can you mention kids when you and your dirty Rap keep reminding them of vulgarity.sad

I'm dying to die
kaynewest-trump-Torossian-Turkish government-Armenian genocide. Isnt your wife Armenian?
I know I am...im.old
no no man, the kids be dyin ..
CoOl KiDs NeVeR DiEs BrUuUh
#LetYebeYe
Rest your heart and its pains, there are angels everywhere loving those in pain! Keep going, keep marching on and don't stop believing in peace!

U need to grow up and mind ur own
You people hating on Kanye are just scared because your ego can’t handle that he sees something that you can’t see (yet). So you ridicule him. Let your ego go and you too will see truth.
You’re dying to fondle little kids.

Much simpler days for sure
Can ya stahhhhp with the Michael Jackson plagiarism train  MJFam know all this @michaeljackson told us this  wisdom like 30 years ago. Only the true king  conceptualised this wisdom but it's nice you are REPEATING his words. 
Hey @kanyewest can I borrow 20 bucks?
LoL!
No One Should Be “Dying” Have Fun Whenever U Can Guys
Life seemed simpler and our heads filled with less worry . I look forward to 2nd childhood !
I guess I have to say something racist just to get attention from a celebrity right
“and said, “I assure you and most solemnly say to you, unless you repent [that is, change your inner self--your old way of thinking, live changed lives] and become like children [trusting, humble, and forgiving], you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.”
MATTHEW 18:3 AMP
You lookin like a kid hahaha
Can you please tweet your thoughts in one tweet, I'm losing your artistic message
I'm dying to live my best life!
Check out my LindaCoin give away. 
Get your wallet and have a chance at a free 10k LindaCoin. 
#lindacoin #LindaV2 #giveaway #freecoins #bitcoins #cryptocurrency #Crypto #cryptomilllotto #LindaLotto #GMCN #GAMBLECOIN
LindaCoin Give Away 
When I reach 1650 followers I will give away 10,000 LindaCoins!!!!
Follow me, Download the wallet Retweet and post your address here! to Qualify!…
the kids aren’t responding to you though. they can smell a #sellout
Yep
Kids are innocent, they don’t know about racism. It is taught to them and they are raised being defensive
The issues with regards to Black Americans are in the pages of the book, POST TRAUMATIC SLAVE SYNDROME by Dr. Joy DeGruy. And the issues with regards to Western Civilization ( all white people worldwide ) are in the pages of the book, THE ISIS PAPERS by Dr. Frances Welsing
it is easier for 1 man ,,,,to make 10 unhappy....
then it is for 10 men,,
to make one happy.
Just wait till middle age - when you don't care a jot what other people think about you.
sounding real p.d
Love
Here's Trump's solution to kids being killed in schools.
We will not forgive you
Id is kid
Except @johnlegend 
He's evil and a race baiter.
Agree with all your posts. I have a hard time connecting with people because everyone have lost their self.
We live in a dream world...but some people choose to live in realty
Satoshi wanted to empower people.

Even the kids Kanye.
Kanye is a @twofriendsmusic fan.
God please make him stop!!! Kim help us
U are talking about this .
Do we can help you somehow? Your ideas are not bad but it is frightening how honestly you speak about your thoughts :-(



"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 
So much fun when we were kids and as adults we stop doing all those fun things because society says we have to stop. That’s bs. You do what makes you happy and having fun. No matter how childish. You are only on this earth a very short time. Have fun! Love! Smile and laugh!
Are you Drunk or Stoned?
Man , I'm kinda worried for your kids !
kids start off with the remarkable capability for learning,intellectually wide eyed,asking clever questions about the world. Then something happens to discourage them. Kids who are discouraged from asking questions end up learning there’s something bad about using the mind.
Is like a tidal wave of Daniel Stern! 
I wanna see a happy people giggle, 
Watch the children laugh and sing or learn, 
A song about the sound of Kevin Mitchell. 

#AI #ArtificialIntellligence #Poetry
Or just dying kids - #TamirRice  that the past tho 
Hopefully you don’t eat them like #Huma #Hillary and #Podesta @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Did you lose your to the Nanny?
Don't get me wrong @kanyewest. U are aspirational and motivational but one thing u miss to understand is that our inner peace is our inner love. Your heart needs to spill out but u not letting it. Don't be silent cry out your heart. Forget about your sorrows. Enjoy life.
Kid envy is real 

You’ve got that backwards, sweetie..
Speaking of kids....your kids are beautiful.
Take some acid
Sorry weirdo, I missed the first part of this.
Or they’re dying to die...
Jajajaja guat
Pumped up kicks
Sriracha
Live itself is a circle 
From little you grow into a full grown man/woman , and vise visa from adult back to being little(very old,physiological change) and back to the world unknown
Dang..ive heard that before but in this circumstance it really made me think....dont go Kanye!!!  You just got started fam!  #DragonEnergy
I just liked my own shit .  Yup!
I sometimes wish I was a carrot.
People want out of the slavery that is the 9 to 5
I'm dying to be a kid

LoL
And the deep state are trafficking and killing kids.

@TheForeverKids
I wish i was still a kid.. no fear what so ever
 
Like...




Kanye you go man! Good for you for speaking the truth, what you really feel.
there you said it better

LOL
What's worng with....the Kardashians can't even contain you
.
nah
You right
I neva wana gwow up 
We never truly grow up. Thats a construct.
You are a brave man, Mr. West
https://instagram.com/p/BiGvG9MnW7X/ 
I thought we was watching @NBAonTNT !!
The biggest man you're ever gonna see was once a baby -- Bob Marley
That’s why I love @DisneylandToday and @SFMagicMountain still because I love fun and imagination
I’ll never grow up I’m a grown ass kid
38 year old 8 year old
I’m 31 and most certainly don’t feel like an adult, that’s for sure.
33 here and totally agree. I don’t feel old at all.
Some of us are getting close including you
No. Just you.
Bruh stop saying dumb ass stuff, shit don’t make sense
Drop the collab please
We’re all GOD’s children.
I would die to be young
im dying to be rich

Well said, sir
But we get older and mature. Maturity normally comes at a cost
I actually want to be old so I can be Wise and shit 
These are the wholesome Ye tweets I’m here for
 https://soundcloud.com/boom2bomb/kung-lao …
im dying of scoliosis


WTF 
We’re all kids at heart Mr West
Kanye is this some sort of midlife crisis you’re going through?



This
Im a big kid now !! Fuck. Real shit doe ..


OR AT LEAST WERE DYING TO BE KIDS TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
You drunk?
You perhaps
Drop the uzi song 
You're as young as you feel....
KANYE I AM GOING TO MUTE YOUR NOTIFICATIONS A
Drop more music
I 100% wanna be a kid
true
Kanye I am trying to sleep
LoL
KANYE IDOL
Definitely dying
How the fuck can you fall for this?

OH YEAHHHH
We love you Kanye!
We are all kids at heart
we aborted fetuses out here
Weird West
Kids see ghost
how u tweet so fast
