Does Kim pay the rent for your office space?
Get off his dick
U know u can tweet multiple pictures at once right
lmao
does this man know how to crop?
Omg I know it drives me nuts
Haha or at least save them on his phone and share them after

This shit looks like a nazi faculty room
The white house next
When I saw this pic...I thought of this. #samedifference

How the fuck you tweet so fast
ur attacking my phonE

is this the room they’re going to lock you up in? #5150
Nay... Obama, Hillary, McCabe, Comey and the rest of those leftist SCUM BAGS will fill this space up! 

Couches couches couches couches which one should I pick?
I’m slightly mad that you beat me to this.
It looks so cold in there 
Black in the back white in front huh??
Why can’t you crop these

That couch is bigger than my whole apartment
Since you seem to like the clean cut look, I cropped your pic.  It’s a crazy new technology.
Still couldn’t get it right
People...wake up. He's trying to tell you something. Seek it. He can't shock you, you have to seek it at your own pace. #TheGreatAwakening
I agree I wanna know what it is tho
At your request...this is a long thread, but, if you really want to know, this covers it all. You can't unknow it, so reader beware. If you're willing, this will get you #WOKE
Remember this?  Well, right afterwards, Kanye got sent to the Loony bin and nobody heard from him for at least 6 months 
ANYONE else seeing Westworld
The sunken place
Rap game Stanley Kubrick
These empty spaces are suspicious, what are you trying to insinuate
Looks like a cult center
Unfortunately it is created from insecurity. Generally stems from child hood and carries on into adulthood. I have personally experienced this. Some day I want to finish writing my book. Because we all have a story that can help another person who is going through the same thing.
What is it?
“Open the pod bay doors, HAL.” “I’m sorry Dave...I’m afraid I can’t do that.”
Somebody’s building a fashion castle.
Is this like a comfy prison or something?
I need a meeting with you contact me ASAP !
Kanye wtf is bruh you just bored now
Is this where Bill Clinton holds his sex parties with underage girls?
PEACE
bruv you blowing my phone up
Learn how to crop
#17.  I also noticed the 2t on your MAGA hat.  Glad your mind has been set free 
#QAnon #GreatAwakening
IT'S UNDERGROUND.. Preparations are being implemented
#RoomPiano
so fresh and so clean clean.
MATRIX 4
White Dudes: Seth Myers, Jimmy Kimmel,Stephen Colbert,CNN,MSNBC analyst's,Tom Arnold  ALL telling Kanye&Candace Owens how to properly Black!  #Blexit #RedPillBlack
Looks like the monoliths from “2001.”
YO @kanyewest HOOK ME UP WIT A JOB ILL CLEAN THA OFFICES IDGAF
NEW YEEZY FURNITURE LETS GO
you do realize you could've just saved the picture and then posted it right?
Kanye stick to music and shoes.  Stay out of politics and this horrible furniture design.
Sunken place?
Is this the room y’all do the ritual in 
Cool Monoliths.
Oh ok.....know we know Kanye uses a Dropbox......BAD IDEA KAN-YAY!
We can probably take your company public through a dpo. The people at cnbc and msnbc would have a field day if you announced that Donda was going public on nasdaq . That’s the real ATM and the financial version of running for office.
Wow look at all the monolithic furniture , just like your ideas kanye
Looks like a hospital I know...only that has more character 
@ScottAdamsSays Kanye Westworld #TheSimulation
CLEAN! Just like the new Kickstarter we just launched!
Looks like a piano
Never took Kanye for an interior design Twitter guy. He's breaking frontiers left, right, up & down. 
Safe to say Kanye is mobile...
#Summer2018


Kanye has a bot to post this fast
Love u
Your design.....

How he get these pictures of my house?
I hate you
No one cares!
Where's the sweatshop?
In our 3rd dimension its a room with seats and a table, but what if from another dimension its a pianno of some sort the we operate without knowing. "Love"
Wow you're filthy rich. Fantastic.
I like the setup in the background looking like a piano  Thank you,for sharing. May you have a blessed night.
Is this where u were when were getting a little mental help?
 which one should I pick
I need this one too
Y’all... he’s posting pictures of the sunken place... this is a cry for help
Is that trump's prison cell?
A Nice place to poopity-scoop whoop, I'd imagine.
What is this room used for?
your living room? 
Do you have the room measurements in poopity scoop woops (pSW)?
You’re home seems cold and uninviting :/
Looks like a piano
Damn, man I wish you’d stay on the socials even after your album drops.
Is this a funeral home?
A funeral home is more comforting then this void.
It could be his living room. I saw pics of his house a couple years ago and it was all cement and very sterile looking.
This guys house if fuking ugly.  Howuch he spend on this shot???

I see the writing... I see what you're trying to relay...
you just lost millions of fans !!
Wait. Is this a set? U boutta drop that Lift Yourself video?
SHUT UP MOTHERFUCKER THO!!!!!!!! http://SOUNDCLOUD.COM/ADAMGANERTHO  #DUBSTEP #TRAPMUSIC
Has that homey feeling 
I want to play the piano for some reason
I love ya, Ye. But this shit straight up look like it’s outta Black Mirror.
Endless vibes
Looks like cook county jail
Please no race discrimination or it will fail
Dude....can you please just kill yourself already?
Ok.....what the shit is with all the furniture.....im now convinced you are taking mad acid
Why the fuck you don’t crop the images
It
Looking like a whole free mason Get out lodge
Bullies are not born but made by circumstances. Bullies are also copycats - They learn by mimicking other bullies, thereby continuing the inhumanity done privately and publicly to the vulnerable. They're all sizes and shapes!
http://tspr.ng/c/bullyingbullies …
Change their foundations.
Damn, if that's your pad, you and Kim need to shell out some bucks for a decorator.
Kant hide from the dragon.
What are these damn pictures for? What is the point? Crackin up?
Mental house?

Waiting room in a penitentiary...
These pics remind me of your house, which looks like a lifeless bunker. A sad place. So much $/planning for THAT?! Kim seems enthralled (enslaved) by the style she thinks u know best. Muddy colors or black ad nauseum. Ur little girl always in black. Where is the spark, the LIFE?


Like do u live in jail or something
Like what is up with concrete as a color palette
Not a fan of this one. Looks like a prison
Looks cozy like a Siberian gulag
Looks cozy af
Looks like an insane asylum
this looks like the type of place ill go insane inside of
Just one job Ye. Come on mane, fuck with me. I'm worth it.
Wait wait.... Love lockdown????
Hope this ain't yo crib... yo this house ain't a home... feels cold just lookin
Kanye should do a black mirror episode here.
Oh this one  I LOVE 
Mr. Monk would love this place its all very clean and even lol 
this is ugly

New version of the same old thought processors. Looks like a look
...working
Is this part of the socalled sunken place?
I been looking for a table exactly like that for my tv... how
Looks like a prison!!! LOL
WOW .  Is that your office Kanye ?
Longest sofa ever.
So stark.
Beautifully simplistic
this is a really interesting interior, i'd love to style something insanely hyper editorial for your new campaign - hmu!
Kanye is releasing pictures of the Illuminati waiting room now. This is great.
It’s for when your squad and bae squad come to dinner
You photos are dope please crop if possable you probably would get more RT's but up to you chief!
Buy Artpop on iTunes
Kanye stealing designs from others as normal.
This is nicer than the jail I was in
And his family room
Are you unaware of how to tap & hold to save pic to your library?

Or is it all about the screenshots....?
Agent J and Agent K reporting for duty
Very pretty, but I prefer a cozy style.
MICHELLE >>>>
https://instagram.com/p/BiEu4rYlljY/ 

Is this a mausoleum
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive! http://bit.ly/RefCarskgs  Proven System For Success: Driving w/ an ad on your car. Advertise on your vehicle & earn passive income w/ our small, see thru ads on your back window. Local /national campaigns available.
Yup-as a designer
A suggestion, people are very busy, they can't take in all your pics, you will have people stop following you not because they don't support you but b/c all the pics take up to much time & space...suggest stop sending the pics.

Funeral?

@kanyewest are you still running for POTUS in 2022?
Couches, couches, couches, that’s the one you picked!
That Ward 1 la?

#rickowens ?
Sad attempt
THIS SHIT IS BORING FAM
Insne would be a better one

Bruhh I’m tired of you bruhhh i can’t stand you anymore
concrete double t’s as tables 
Please, I gotta know. Help a sister out

I like this one 

Ok someone do a reverse image search plz I don’t get this
What is this ?
Is an airport waiting room
Hella sterile...And dead...expensive but empty...
A metaphor for where u are maybe.
simplicity.
Ya no WARHOL
kanye why do you keep on posting screenshots? not just like the past days that you flooded your timeline with your stupid tweets?
Please hire @Jali_Cat to work for you!!!!!! Please!!!!!!
DAAYYUUMM
