Someone take his phone
Yeah I’m starting to think this is a Sam Nunberg situation.
I'm starting to think you actually ain't a doctor
I agree 

are you all gonna post that on every tweet? let a man speak out loud
He needs to get the message
he got the message loud and clear from tens of thousands of people, and hes laughing in your face for completely missing every single point hes raised

nope. but the mans gonna keep speaking his mind and were all gonna keep listening to his music
I just might have to agree with you sir, and there’s nothing I can do
Hello people of earth. I am from the future, Mr. West does indeed win the election in 2024.
no body believed Donald Trump was going to win either
Collective manifestation!

Fucking larpers

Lets tokenize Apple Kanye.

That would be world changing.
Stop. Just stop.

MEET WITH ICARLY AND BRING THEM TO BRAZIL
Wow Kanye really said this about his wife. I can't believe him.. #KanyeWestIsOverParty
Preorder Love Yourself 轉 TEAR 
→ (http://bit.ly/2qFpg2N )
how bout no
bruder wir müssen uns auch mal treffen was ist mit dir chill
Yeezy Special Edition iPhone = All Time Record Sales. Guaranteed
How's that DONG taste?
Karen’s mad because she’s a nobody


Let Donald Trump hook it up. You can all do great things for America.

JACK FROM TWITTER AND MARK ZUCKERBERG.

THOSE GUYS TOO
Told Tim Cook to call me I was scary to see
I'd like to meet the Cookie Monster. I got some cookies
Except it absolutely will not because he already has one of the biggest fanbases in music history. He will continue to succeed regardless of what some irrelevant people on Twitter think, he's literally always said the most outlandish shit and people still listen to him
Trash people supporting trash people
He lost 10 million followers. Please just shut up now. Kanye is absolute trash. #facts
Kpop fans are so wack lmao. Also yeah sure but regardless of that his album will do well. Quote me.
BAHAHAHA

give me a bit coin

Keep doing you Kanye!
Enjoy their company
But it's ACTUALLY THE RIGHT THO 
It's a crazy small group.  That's what most of the left acts like in general against anyone who disagrees with them.
Trump supporters literally say things only to piss someone off... Even termed it "triggered" then they are appalled when they get pissed a off reaction. Are safe spaces required?
It's been too long of day so I apologize I cannot have another conversation today with a left individual. I dont agree with you.Never will. I think you are doing exactly what you say I'm doing.  Its ridiculous.This is a huge problem and there is no solution in sight. Goodbye sir.
Don't apologize. I type 30 replies to  heads a day on average and never hit send for this exact reason. You guys are too worried about being right that you'll never see how wrong you are.


I really want a Yeezy iPhone.
Whenever Kanye says he has a new idea, this is what comes to mind
Wake Up Mr.West.......
YEE YEEZUS


TELL TIM COOK TO STOP DRAINING MY IPHONE BATTERY
For real Kanye. Please. I’m fed tf up
Truth!
Love him, hate him or be indifferent about him, Kanye West broke Twitter today! 
Chinga tu madre
NO ONE CARES

First things First
Tim Cook is a close friend of mine. He says he wants to meet you too but you need to wire me a deposit first. Dm me

I would like you to continue seeing a shrink you bat $hit crazy clown

get out my mentions becky



Kanye is on  Creative juices flowing 
iPhone Ye
YePhone
make it so I can actually get my notes off my iphone 4 easily, thank you. Without needing an IOS update which refuses to install itself
lol
dont laugh at me!!!!!
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
Kanye needs to endorse you
I need to endorse Kanye first. Hold up...
you don't even know how to use the phone you have
when you carry around two phones because you don't know how they work 
@cookie_monstr97
can i have some money
Kanye at the end of the day
@the_superscout I think Kanye means you

Tim Cook says no.
My man you need to meet with Bernie
Distressed iPhone
@timmyc_12 yo get tim booze tell him kanyes lookin for him
Same man. I’ve had a great idea for Apple Music. They don’t listen!
And I would like a pair of Yeezys please. Size 10
Follow #qanon see the truth a lot of bad actors in the USA are scared for people to see it..@therealroseanne saw it and the media blasted her for saying the pedophiles are going down worldwide.. following week they charged nxviim..

Kanye West’s view on lady Gaga  
LMAO yup! that was me reading his tweets about apple & google
I’d like to learn how to cook
He could learn a lot from you.
Watching the ass backwards liberals melt and go in hate mode bc a man is ay#freethinker is the great
Saint pablo
Take 100 mil and give 20 to Hov
Yeezy trap phone
RUN IT
@CoachCook4444 ok big time!

Steve jobs is dead
Artist*
Is gates still callin?
I thought kevin gates was in prison dawg
Nah you’re thinking of Kevin Malone from the office. That nigga doin time for embezzlement
Embezzelin this dick
@shaksv_  Apple X Yeezy= iYeezy 
Kiruken mike
Håll käften
stop your husband ffs @KimKardashian
@bonerman_inc
man remember when he asked zuckerberg for money and his idea was the words BRANDING, SYNERGY and MARKETING on a flowchart
Name one.
i think the ideas are above your pay grade, mate
@Tchaaaw tim cooké

Tell Trump
@Tim_Cook95
I’m a man in demand what can I say
Y'all can't stand @kanyewest has his own opinions and they dont match yours #freethinker
He would laugh at you.
Apple are one of the best product design companies ever. Looking at the state of those fucking trainers you’ve produced, I don’t think Apple wanna hear your ideas.
I wish I had the guts to tweet all my thoughts this is great
@kanyewest Make Apple Great Again!!!
Ai não meche com a minha Apple

COME TO #WWDC18 https://twitter.com/kanyewest/status/989244800409862144 …
KANYE CAN YOU HELP ME MEET MY HERO AND IDOL POTUS TRUMP BEEN TRYING TO FIND SOMEONE TO HELP E WITH THIS I THINK YOU WOULD BE THE ONE TO DO THIS ITS MY DREAM TO MEET HIM PLEASE HELP THANKS AND GOD BLESS YOU
Stay the fuck away from Apple. You can only ruin so much.
Y’all need to cook together
Die
@kanyewest mention that we should be able to buy music on the ITunes Store with cryptocurrency
How about me Kanye? I’d love to help ...
TOLD TIM COOK TO CALL ME I WAS SCARY TO SEE
give all them ideas to Boss Baby .
iYeezy?
The new Yeeple

When I was negotiatin' with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I listen to this almost daily Saint Pablo is one of my favorite tracks
Saint Pablo is one of Ye’s most lyrical songs not my fav but it’s top 10 for sure
Point him in the direction of a shitty kitchen boys @JoeAuciello @CameronPistrin @JK_rollin
Chill fam. iPhones already costs $500 if we drop em in the toilet. The last thing we need you in the room
shush
@chrissyteigen pray for My Son..he's off his meds because the new season of #KUWTK started filming!!! @AugustEve2012 @MichaelRapaport @iamcardib @Badlucc354 @garyowencomedy
Thirsty
YOU ROCK KANYE !! XOXOX 

no thanks
What the hell wrong with you Kanye?
The iyeezus 7
ideas are like assholes everyone has them
Kanye- Time to get back on the Lamictal....
Let’s do it. I will give you some ideas of how to produce some music that’s actually any good.
I’d like to meet with @taylorswift13. I got some ideas.
ideas that you’ve stolen from other people or ideas that someone else gave to you?
Ye needs a Steve Jobs tbh. Tim Cook can't keep up with the Ye. He's not a creator, he just walking in Jobs footsteps.
Yes sir
MAJOR @tim_cook @Apple @OCFlowApparel
How about you meet with me and hire me! I’m just trying to be great, and be able to work from home and be a full time mom? Can I be the 2 employee to be hired and you tweet out 158 employees to go? @kanyewest @KimKardashian
CC: @JanisarMM ideas, a lot of ideas.
Really? Ideas for what?
Please tell him to update the Mac mini.
@chancetherapper @tim_cook "Kanye's best prodigy. He ain't sign me but he proud of me. I got some ideas that you gotta see."
Kanye x iPhone
I'd like to meet with Kanye West. I got some ideas
"why don't we add ports for the things that professionals actually need on their laptops"

@Raj_S_london
No no no
@adonnelly007 @CLG2K12 he's lost it
wde
u should be meeting with @justinsuntron @Rushdaverroes and @SatoshiLite , Tim Cook is so yesterday, these guys are the future #TRX #ltc @getbabb #bax
Just drop them here and let your fans vote  or . When you reach say 5000.000 yes votes, Tim will have to meet with you.
@realDonaldTrump met with him today, I believe
Ideas are good things
Like getting him to loan you money?!?! Lololol
@oaalz tbt
Kanye am proud of U even when afrikan american unemployment is all time low U can see that its time blacks arent used by democrats for votes
iDeas?
No one wants your ideas
Thanku for having your own opinions!!! YOUR MOM WOULD BE SO PROUD!!!! She did a fine job raising you Sir......

Ye just doesn't wanna talk to Mark Zuckerberg
I'D LIKE YOU TO PEEP MY SOUNDCLOUD
keep going Kanye!!!! dont ever stop
What do you think about #0xBitcoin?
Is it a phone you stick in your ass so you can talk more clearly out of it?
I’d like to meet with you. I’ve been exploding with ideas with nowhere to put them!!  PLEASE SEE THIS!!!
What are you gonna do? Hit him up for money? #SunkenPlace #GetOut!
You should meet with professor mcgonagall one time

There's already a "crazy" app.
Who do you think you are
meet a damn psychiatrist n delete ur twitter
Grasping for relevance? Go make music and spend your money or whatever you do.
KANYE IS PLANNING TO TAKE OVER THE WORLD.
He just signed my five year plaque. I might have that connect
#KanyeWestIsOverParty
Tim cook has nothing to do with ideas you should talk to jony I've he is the genuins at apple
Share them here.
I know, right?  Like go into hiding for four months, shave his head and grow a beard shaped just like his hair was, only upside-down.  Then go to the next Keynotes and bask in the confusion, then the sea of booing.  But that's probably what you had in mind.
Black mode for Apple Music
Dope
Each one crazy
Drawing of Kanye West
Hey @kanyewest — Steve Jobs is dead
EXPLAIN WHY YOU HYPIN UP ALL THESE WHITE SUPREMACISTS FIRST
Irrelevant anyways BUY ARTPOP for good grades, clear skin and beauty & ull find $500 under ur bed tonight
meet with bill gates too
we all have ideas, Kanye.
What about Steve Jobs?
.@taylorswift13 is better than you #KanyeWestIsOverParty #Cult45 #MAGAts
Hail West! Hail Victory! 
He’s a busy guy.
I’d like to meet with you @kanyewest. 
I rewatched your Zane Lowe interview and the parts that weren’t overhyped were unfortunately overlooked. 
Pac would have eventually rapped/caused conversation about net-neutrality and data privacy..
Everybody has ideas. Go do some work. It helps with your mental health.

stan bts
Yeeziphone?
#Decentralize him
Jcrois t'as perdu des abo gros
@chpu93 can connect you
BRITNEY IS COMING
for bitcoin?
Tim Cook doesn’t want to meet you
Pull up to 5th ave b

Please just replace him.
What if Tim Cook's ideas include not meeting with you?
I have been doing the same as you have these past few days since I heard the great #Kanye news. He’s here to help and his opinion will only solidify MAGA supporters and bring in MORE! The ppl who are tired of being on the losing side, but want America to succeed will join us 
I got his number. no lie. hmu.
Take a meeting with a therapist!
#litecoin #bitcoin @SatoshiLite @kanyewest
@tim_cook
ID LIKE TO MEET WITH TIM COOK I GOT SOME IDEAS TYPE BEAT
I'm so happy to hear that Peter Thiel would like to take a meeting. I feel very optimistic about the future. TYPE BEAT 
shut up
Welcome on the Trump Train @kanyewest #MAGA #KeepAmericaGreat2020 #Kanye2024
@tim_cook how’s your schedule?
