can you use this hashtag #iCarlyToBrazil we are trying to bring iCarly to Brazil, thank you.
Y’all are relentless
I respect it though
"Greater love has no one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends. You are My friends if you do what I command you." [Jhn 15:13-14 NASB]
"This is My commandment, that you love one another, just as I have loved you." [Jhn 15:12 NASB]
"Jesus said to him, "I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father but through Me." [Jhn 14:6 NASB]
"If you confess with your mouth Jesus as Lord, and believe in your heart that God raised Him from the dead, you will be saved; for with the heart a person believes, resulting in righteousness, and with the mouth he confesses, resulting in salvation." [Rom 10:9-10 NASB]
shut up
“Slavery was a choice” - Kanye
Did he actually
Yes look at my thread
@kanyewest sweetie wyd ?? That fan read you 
He said mental slavery if you watch the unedited video.
his exact words "400 years, that sounds like a choice to me "
Harvey: I want to go back, what did you mean by the 400 years thing?
Kanye: I was talking about mental slavery
why did he bring up 400 years of physical slavery if he was talking about mental slavery?
2018 Kanye
Respond to the slavery is a choice thing ASAP please just elaborate or something
He was talking bout mental slavery, mental prison.. listen to the whole thing
No he wasn't stop making up shit too defend this man
To be fair it was a heavily edited clip
wow lmao
For all we know the discussion was about mental slavery let's wait for the full interview
If anyone else said this y'all would be pissed but since it's Kanye let's wait for the full interview
Of course, we know Kanye we've all heard him speak some of the wokest shit so let's not jump at this just yet and see wag1
Never be a Kanye West, always be a @VanLathan.
KANYE please use the hashtag #iCarlyToBrazil we need icarly urgently!
Your mother was so very proud of you. She was beautiful inside and out. It is not easy for black mothers to raise sons. They hold our hearts tight and I am sure the hardest thing she did was leave you. Know that she is watching and still loving you.

likeee and you'll get nudessss
MAGA
stop hating on him bc he's white
I'll give anyone $10 per RT!!! 

If you suffer from Depression and anxiety and been through some shit you might relate to this...
or you can peep my soundcloud instead for no financial benefit
Go for it

How was it??
Hairy it was 8th grade man
Hairy Boxer and The Calf Blood Prince.

You know all about love Kanye #GayFish
I understand what Kanye is doing  just be Patient people 
What is he doing?
You'll see in 2024 
Isn't that the year he wants to be President or what?
Yeah  This Thing that his doing is a Tactic  people don't get it 
"Slavery was a choice"~Kanye West
Slavery is a choice - Rich black guy who gets applause for posting beige rocks
Slavery is s choice - Famous black guy who can still get a good mortgage rate even tho he's in debt, but a regular black guy in a black neighborhood with an 800 credit score can't
You disappointed so many people that looked up to you. While you’re out there trying to make yourself likeable to a certain audience, you seem to have forgotten the people that supported you and got you to where you are today, while THEY were shutting doors in your face. Sellout.
It literally took him less than a week from going to wearing a MAGA hat to saying Slavery was a choice lmfao.
He is most definitely in the sunken place. It’s his kids I feel sorry for, being mixed, you have to rely on the one black parent to teach you the harsh realities of the world... Welp, they can count their daddy out for this one.
Maybe that’s what he wants to achieve, who knows?  He is living in a bubble so won’t have to feel the negative impact his words could have on his easily influenced fans.
I’m just hoping that when the gestapo burst down my door they just shoot me in the head instead of torturing me

According to Kanye West these people chose the lower decks. 
They also chose to be beaten. They chose to be enslaved and treated like property. They chose to be lynched. Hung for sport. They chose to be stripped of dignity. And above all to forego treatment as human beings. They chose to be treated with disdain to this day.

Oh hell naw! You are bogus for this 
I love how you promote love and kindness to one another.  You just gained a new follower.  
Why Brazil need iCarly so much? 

Kanye. If slavery was a “choice” why did you praise the “republicans” for abolishing it? ....
Now crazy Auntie Maxine is trying to stuff you back in the box. She wants you to be on the plantation. I appreciate your free thinking 
There's something in that Kardashian softbox....only a few dudes have escape it without turning into idiots, crackheads, or changing their sex.
Kanye West is a fraud!
So are you .... you seem to revel in other peoples problems.. either you have low character or you choose to do this to make a buck.. either way... despicable

@kanyewest I’m with you
‘The absence of thought’: TMZ journalist @VanLathan slams @kanyewest to his face for saying slavery was ‘a choice.’ #BoycottKanye #YeVsThePeople
Stop hanging out with Candace Owens please
It's a pleasure, you know it's nothing but love! @kanyewest
Fake page ye
Thanks for your concern, but nawh bro it's official. You tried it!
We love you and SINCERELY keeping you in our prayers..God LOVES YOU,REMAIN BLESSED
Thank you for reminding me to unfollow you.
How can be hurt by Beyoncé not coming to your wedding? She’s has been super supportive of you and Kim in so many other ways.
Nigguh...honestly FUCK YOU!!!
Get off opioid get familiar with cannabis it will help you and save your life. You need help man
u aint even black anymore
I love you Kanye
Please respond to Dementia victim @maxinewaters saying you can hardly string a sentence together all she can say is impeach #45 for no reason???
So you believe slavery was a choice? so the people Getting kill in Chicago is a choice? People getting killed by a police is a choice?
Africans sold other Africans into slavery. Also, modern slavery is happening in Lybia. Thank you so much for having the courage to stand up to the LEFT.
Slavery may have been a 'choice' but it wasn't a choice for the slave, think about that
Best response!
Why did you delete this tweet?
Put your mom on the cover! Call it The Light. Or Love
I miss the old Kanye! No coming back from this one my man. But your St. Pablo show was one of the best shows I've ever been too. After everything Ye, I'm ashamed of you for the first time!
You’re CANCELLED.
Kanye next track going to be called 5150.


Kanye is absolutely correct about Snoop, he was front and center at the Comedy Central Roast Of Donald Trump in 2011 whooping it up and bro hugging. Guess who was in the audience smiling? John Legend. F’ing John Legend loveD Trump before he was a racist. And I mean JL not DJT.

It was his choice
That's not a slave, that's Zachariah Walker. He also murdered Edgar Rice.
Lol my bad
When Kanye said make America great again
trump don’t care about you. stop seeking validation from him and talk to your real friends
Slavery was a choice? Dad .. forreal? 
Listen Kanye and follow Dr Jan Adam's lead. You will miss and grieve for Dr Donda West your mother, maybe for the rest of your life, but face the truth, stand in the truth and get emotionally happy and healthy again.  Words from my 
Human beings hang onto what is familiar for security and identity. The guy on TMZ twisted in his own mind your words because IF HE ISN'T A VICTIM ANYMORE HE DOESN'T KNOW WHO HE IS. He can't IDENTIFY as someone FREE.

There are wounds that never heal. These deep ones never really go away, we can and must coexist with them, acknowledge the pain as a part of the whole process of love. 
Speaking about #LOVE When are you going to start #SPREADINGTHELOVE / #SpreadLovePositivity , #SpreadAwareness , #SpreadTheWord , #GODSWORDS! #WORLDLOVE not #WORLDWAR! http://www.cdbaby.com/rhythmandpoetry  Buying my CD's so I can say #THANKYOUKANYEWESTFORTHELOVE @RHYTHM313
Lost boy. You are misusing your influence for likes "When you hear about slavery for 400 years. For 400 years?! That sounds like a choice" Straight up Ye is a NeoTom.
You did your thing and I for one  am impressed . Keep your head up be you !! Free love unconditionally . Cause I know who I am
Speak up, share the msg of love & keep that positive motivation up. X Mad respect

Would you kill this man's dog for $15 Million  ? 

There is a link between our physical and verbal actions and emotions. If, instead of anger, hatred and suspicion, we are moved by loving-kindness, we will naturally have greater respect for others and our actions will be non-violent.
Yeah he meant mental slavery but he's not very articulate so it's easy to take him outta context and shit on him
No shade here Kanye I'm not a father keep strong
Yeezy 4 presdent
Funny @drjayadams thinks Kanye need him to sell his fame.lmao
A CHOICE?! Nigga 
You were so good in DJango! 
The #matrix is tryin' to silence you. Stay strong. @RealCandaceO @kanyewest

We going through the same thing king 
Thank you Shade room for the love TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
legend
now bruh, you know you got things to address

Hes talking bout mental slavery .. mental prison.. dont take that soundbite out of context
I’m so impressed with you @kanyewest Thomas Sowell... Wow!!!!!!
Ha! Of course that’s ur response!! U should read some T. Sowell, might wake up
People where are the 400 years of Slavery being a choice memes ??
Is he talking about "slavery" being a choice, or "hearing about slavery" as a choice? The way it's worded is ambiguous--and the broader point seems lost either way.

Wait for him to clarify.
He said for 400years
Yes, and I get your point: slavery ended (in America) much sooner than 400 years ago... 

But it started even further than 400 years ago. Again, I think it was very poorly worded and not intentionally ambiguous. Give him time to respond.
You can tell that's exactly what he meant. ThT there's no racism now and it's a choice to be a victim
Yes.
WAKE-UP MR WEST.
Detroit radios have banned your music fuckboy. 
#4-Continue to be a voice for truth & freedom. Your light is shining more brightly with each day. I’m praying love, peace & respect for you, my brother.
#3-Love yourself & your family. Love your country & it’s people. Avoid drama & conflict. Life can be so good when we separate ourselves from the unnecessary hateful & cruel things in living. May love & peace follow you all the days of your life.
#2-stand strong with your convictions, be filled with the Supreme power of courage & persistence. You are encouraging food for thought for so many wanting to break into freedom. We are all precious in His sight. Disregard the negativity....& declare your freedom.
#1 @kanyewest...let me say I’m so sorry for loss of Mama..for it is Mama from where we get our beginning. Mama is a precious gift. From where we 1st learn of unconditional love. 
Next, I admire your standing for truth, & your courage in speaking truth. Stay true to yourself...
MSM afraid of @kanyewest 
Truth does that to the lying #FakeNews 
#MAGA is for Everybody
400 years...naw partner....I'll give you a reference point...Pope Nicholas V in 1455 sanctions Portugal has the divine right to capture and enslave sub-saharan Africans and boy did the Portuguese steal people..that Kanye is 563 years not 400 but Five Hundred Sixty Three years...
Why would you do that!? What is wrong with you, that’s low key sick and disrespectful... and this article is just more embarrassment for you...
k
Holding onto hate, fear and loathing gets you nowhere.  Truth may hurt sometimes, but in the long run, it heals.  Remember, the glass is always half full.....if you want it to be.  You have to be hungry for it, want it, reach for it.  love does conquer all
Kanye it's like "The Walking Dead"! Everybody is hypnotized and brainwashed with the sickness!All They know is Hate!
#boycottKayne #itsapublicitystunt
That's not love... go to your buddy Trump for that #weirdo
That coroner's report is easy 2 read, clearly says doc's surgery was not a problem, it was aftercare negligence by ur medical prof cousin, who promised to care for her, then abandoned her 2 laypeople who didnt respond right when things went wrong. Report there for 10 yrs! Shame!
Letter from ur mom's doc https://tinyurl.com/y7zdzv84  has just the right message 4 u - ur path of unconditional love requires intellectual honesty. He also tells you to stop publishing his photo, insinuating he was the cause of her death. Coroner's report says ur cuz was responsible.
Its a Christian thing, one might call it trolling, I don't think its  that. I see it as, Kanye taking the most hated man  in the world, and  standing next to him saying, "i love even him and i  see potential for  good in the future through trump occupying that space  in society."
You have a right to feel how you want to feel about our history but I hope you keep an open mind with your son.  He is a biracial kid growing up in this world and he need to be aware of all his history.
Reply Chris
That took guts! to admit to the world what you did and how and why you got there (surgery/pills). Respect!
Deal with your issues. We the public and the media can’t deal with them for you not help you heal. This is a personal thing for you and involving the public will only hinder.
Pimping out mom's death to make a $$ on a new album. Your choices suck, bruh.
Kanye God is watching & he is smiling down upon Ya!Our Savior YESHUA was given a Crown of Thorns & a Cross for bringing us closer to God!
The fall of 2007 was a nightmarish, surreal time. I remember the tragic loss of your mother. I followed you on MySpace & marvelled at your willingness to share your grief. Praying healing for you & her doctor.
FOLLOW ME KANE
Gotta watch this
Much love from Trump supporters Dems are going crazy U THE MAN !!
I pray you find the strength to fully heal. Losing a parent so tragically leaves one empty but instead you are full of love and are encouraging others to let go of hate and embrace love & life.
who cares

Real shit. You are a stronger man than me
Put Dr Scoggins face on the cover bro. That’s the face of the pain and the lack of responsibility

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
Kanye, my friend,... you got dissed--- the "good doctor" DISSED you publicly, saying you don't deal in love, because---HE CLAIMS --- you don't deal in the truth. 

Let him go, Kanye... He's not with you. He cut you down.


https://soundcloud.com/toyhollow/old-ways …

If you ain’t trying to get you no money then GET OUT THE WAY ~ @HnRHundo x @TalibanRedd205 

https://youtu.be/x25m-QJPBJw  
slavery a choice?, cmon ye... They keep shooting blacks every time, and u said its a choice?
Mental slavery.

400 years.. Do the math.

What year did the United States become a country?
I know you're feeling your way but stay consistent. People are literally hanging on your every word. Don't know WHY but they do.
Stand tall Kanye, you are exposing the Left for what they really are ! Intolerant and full of hate. KANYE YOU ARE DOIND AMERICA PROUD. You and Candace can change AMERICA for the better!
Call your next album synergy!

You are dragon energy and will be put in the history books for your monumental stance.  Icon.
I cannot process the social whipping directed at this man for voicing his opinion, none of which contained anything derogatory or combative. He simply stated he likes how someone thinks. I’m not as forgiving, you could all fuck off and talk among yourselves. Misery  company.
@kanyewest seeing how positive and loving you now are has inspired me to be more loving and appreciate the world more , always speak your mind and never let anyone silence you

S/O to @VanLathan you were the highlight of this interview and thank you for speaking out for us.
i carly to brazil
U are free to say whatever U want to say. Just be sure you research things because many people follow U/look for guidance and that carries responsibility. BTW- agree with you mental illness is something many deal with and that should not EVER be made fun of.
One love 
#love @kanyewest

#kanye #kanyewest #trump 
hmm 
WEST Tweet Review!! Compeling 3.5/5

 CNCRCZN VOL 1 http://hyperurl.co/gjcok5 
@lecrift I told you it was him
That is not what I was talking about!!
I made this for you.
Kayne don't feel pressured for speaking how you see things. You're  not the only one who said about being a "choice" for blacks in slavery.  Listen to this.

It's a shame that a doctor that supposed to save lives can also change lives if they're thinking isn't like Nancy Pelosis "you got to pass the bill before you know what's in it," well Dr what was in it? Lies, doctors getting rich I think it's better for Kayne not use your picture

YOU JUST SAID SLAVERY WAS A  CHOICE. I really didn't mind when you were supporting Trump and all, but this, this just crosses the line. I'm really disappointed in you and also in myself for defending you for supporting Trump. You've let all of us down, Kanye.
Wow
There’s no love, Kanye.... they walked out bc you said slavery sounded like a choice
FeelsBadMan Clap
Hey Kanye, do you have a minute to talk about putting Siracha on your pizza slices? Love, Herald. #Woke
What love Ye? They don’t love you! This is the girl that runs the shade room. She HATES your guts because you married the woman that reminds her of all the reasons why she hates herself. She puts all negative energy out into the universe (her 12 million followers) about you
#sUNKenUNSeasoned
Kanye, keep holding the line. You have the power to be a powerful voice for all Americans.  Ignore the haters.  You have a lot more support than you may know.
"Buy slaves" any one interested.
Slavery wasn't a choice. But you know what is a choice? Unnecessary cosmetic surgery. Some people have actual medical issues and need such surgery to fix problems; other people simply choose the risk out of vanity.
@kanyewest respect your thinking but what your said about slavery is sick bru
I stopped going to their comment section but I guarantee there’s lack of love under your latest post.

Thank you for speaking what you feel and not having people tell you what to say. We should be able to say what we want on any topic is our right. 
Meanwhile the DEA
Teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up
They tryna make new slaves
See that's that privately owned prisons
Get your piece today
They prolly all in the Hamptons
Braggin' 'bout what they made
Fuck you and your Hampton house
Will someone help please? http://social.fund/ddypqh 

This is why it’s important to have diversity on your staff. No one else was gonna speak up. And #Kanye wasn’t going to respect anyone else speaking to him like…
I asked kim what would you think about her exposing her body full of plastic and that is what she died from. That was mean but if my daughter Gem was doing that I would question her support. No disrespect but i got fired up.
Dont trust the shade room they tryna throw shade on U they just a whole site of some some hating azz black folks who wanna bring u down 2 their level!! They jealous of all the @KimKardashian @khloekardashian cus they got fine Blackmen& @KrisJenner
All the Kardisians
listen: http://thinkbigadam.com 
@thetrueshade quando il feat?
Kanye you right homie. Ain nobody force dem fokes to b n slavery. They chose 2 stay n Slavery

Kanye, I really wanted to know what you were going to say about class issues but didn’t get to finish
Also I feel you! On every level! Even sitting alone at the coffee shop! Just to think it through!
You're fraternising with neo-nazis. Nothing you're doing has anything to do with love. Ask Candace Owen what she thinks about the holocaust
Hang in there, dude. Put this all into your art.
those white people are fucking you up bro
#racist
Kanye who does the helper go to when the helper needs help!  Talking about me! Medicine doesn't help but it also doesn't hurt either. Talking about me again.  Beyonce said everyone can see me why can't you. Talkin about me, Y can't I C me. Do you have the =_
Brotha West - I don't agree with venture to the 'darkside of orange' but I respect your right to voice it
I mean is he saying that blk ppl chose to be a slave rather than be killed or beaten or w/e else?. No blk person wanted to be a slave...like c'mon. I know some stayed with their masters after it was abolished, but is that what he's talking about? idk.... Feelin kinda stupid here.
#apparel with #purpose #onebrand
6/1 Legacy of Donda #june1st #LOD #DondaWest #DrJanAdams
This how you defeat haters. 

You can forgive this doc but you owe him nothing, the patients are his responsibility!! I dont care what the nurse said or did!
You are who you are ,dtz wat makes u unique - "Kanye's Life"..
Life like no other - The Origin Of Originality .
Her choice
Come on my podcast
Do the bitcoin thing

