Starved of sensible leadership. If you think legitimizing that implies free thought you don't understand free thought.
Ignore the haters. Kanye I'm glad to hear you have an opinion, they hate your opinion, cause you have one that's not democracy it's called fascism.
Here we go with Americans trying to justify that they have great health care LoL
Kanye please do some research!
Awww will you be ok Liz? Poor Liz!
*Demonitized @youtube
we are being starved by the man who signed your maga hat
Yes! @kanyewest keep the realness flowing. You're on fire and the world needs people like you with a powerful voice.
Why does congress get different health care than Americans? Why can't Americans have the same health care our politicians have? Why is the health care system they created for us not good enough for them? Why did the NRA ban guns at Mike Pence's convention speech?
Why do you need to be taken care of by the government? Trump is making it so u have your own independence your own jobs with the freedom to choose your own insurance. Congress is a job they pick their own insurance. Trump doesn’t take a salary he has his own ins.
Basic economics, man. Price is a byproduct of supply and demand. A majority of health care is life or death. Small things left untreated can lead to major problems. Meaning that demand is exorbitant. Meaning the price can be pushed to insane points.
Ideally in capitalism, companies would compete and thus lower the cost of products down to reasonable levels. But that doesn't happen in real life. We have thousands of examples of prices being higher than they should because companies collude or gain monopoly.
Or because people are simply willing to pay a certain price point. Which is why there's a danger with an unregulated, totally free-market-based, for-profit health care system. As how much will people be willing to pay for an inhaler? Or bronchitis medicine? Or a doctor's visit?
There are plenty of examples of countries where it's completely government-based health care. Prices are more affordable. People are healthier. The medical system is easier to navigate. Quality of life improves. Which has a direct impact on the economy as a whole.
If you choose to be held down by the thumb of oppression be my guest. Our founding fathers fought here for our right to be free and we intend to stay that way.
If one option is outrageous and destructive health care costs due to the monopolization of health care by for-profit entities. And the other is a universal health care system provided by the government that everyone loves. Which one is oppression?
real talk, Starved! Brainwashed, given diseases, radiation and murky water. The Glass Darkly =Rum
Yeah, dude. You’re scraping together money for meals. Sure.
In the pics I've seen of him lately, he's definitely not starving.
aaaaaaaaaa
@KimKardashian please can you get your husbands meds out?
Ya think you’re so deep, but you’re not. I’m a huge fan, such a huge defender (defended you last night to a bunch of white boys) but your new shit is weak and toothless. Soulless. Where the music at?
Uninformed, uneducated tweet. Good thing you have $.
And not the change Obama was talking about :c)D
I think the term free thinker itself is s limitation. Cause it means you are limited to free thinking only. You can’t be foolish or craze sometimes. You could only ever be free thinking . How boring.
Interesting. What do you think is a better term?
There shouldn’t be any. Everything exists because there’s a term for it. Things that are not known, can mean anything, everything or nothing at all. The moment it has a title, it has a character and identity. Let’s not name it, it’s anything, everything and nothing at all.
And R a Free Thinker?  Says who??....
Nobody is stopping you from free thought. The problem is what you are calling free thought is not at all. You look more controlled than ever.
Who is we are being starved? You have millions of dollars why don't you help some of those starving people you're talking about?
'Man shall not live on bread alone"  For one, we are deprived of an accurate picture of the world by our corporate media, for which you work.  We have been starving for wise and strong leadership by both parties, until now. Your comment simply proves that you are unable to think.
@INFOWARS appearance will rock the Free world Sir
If you consider Trump a " Free Thinker" then you may as well spit it the face of MLK, Hawking, Einstein..etc. people who's voices and minds affected change in a positive way.
If you stand for the truth that's what happens to you.
You can't tell the truth and become popular.  It''s a tough road but it's a happy one . Those who hate @realDonaldTrump
By default will help him get re-elected and then blame him for over smarting them.
It's the basic formula for losers.
People who are standing on sidelines should step up and engage Trump in conversation they want him to act. Who  wouldn't want to a support an exceptionally lucky individual as Trump?  Just take a look,
Just imagine how these images are crossing into the minds of some folks.  Democrats are facing a doom and they have no idea. Voters  can  timing between events , and these images are getting into into their brains,folks are silent until November.  NOTICE how lucky Trump is.
People who have inability to put themselves into the shoes of others cannot not predict the future.  Empathy is the ultimate chess weapon, those who lack it become   pawns and those who have it are either players or can play. 

#CultureEmpathy.
I am sorry but that is the most pseudo-intellectual thing I have read all day. You sound like every 19-year old stoner I have ever met. It is fine but you should outgrow it.
Who is you?
I saw that picture of you in the MAGA hat. You ain’t starving.
True

Did Kim tell u that?
KANYE. You actually may be the only person to be able to impact the cultural consciousness of our country to appreciate & fight to preserve our RIGHT to FREE SPEECH. PLEASE CONTINUE YOUR COMMITMENT TO FREEDOM OF SPEECH. YOU’RE DOING GREAT WORK. Thank you!
Thanks for your voice... it really is helping and we needed it. <3
Why not use your platform to honor James Shaw Jr., the hero of the Waffle House massacre? Post the GoFundMe he set up for the victims & get him some recognition. Your brother the president hasn't said a single word about the shooting -here's your chance.
Not just silence on James Shaw from @POTUS #Trump, Kanye West, but also Nashville's professional community and stars, Tennessee Titans, Country Music Industry, Dolly Parton, Garth Brooks, Luke Bryan, Keith Urban, Blake Shelton, etc.
Did you ever hear of anyone on the left, celebs or the President speak of ANY hero of any color (besides cops/military) when a person with a carry permit saves lives hmmm? WHY should they because this hero is not white?
There is no starving going on Kanye. You're just looking in the wrong places for food for your brain. Here are some podcasts that regularly ask questions "the establishment" doesn't want the public to consider.
http://radioopensource.org/welcome-neoliberal-world/ … @radioopensource with Christopher Lydon
The podcast SCHOOLED by @WHYY about why the U.S. K-12 education system is why it is
@BenjaminPDixon The Benjamin Dixon show for political analysis that employs real critical thinking https://www.stitcher.com/podcast/the-benjamin-dixon-show …
The Gimme Shelter podcast that does a deep dive into the issue of #AffordableHousing by looking into the California housing crisis
@BackStoryRadio podcast giving historical context to many of the issues facing the United States in these times
I know for a fact that you are a busy man Kanye. But I also know that you are a good listener, if you were not you would not have made it in the music industry. These podcasts are as close as your phone. You can listen to them while you work out, drive, whatever.

Racism lives well in Israel! The extremist Israeli government make it lawful to persecute Africans and other minorities in Israel! @democracynow @DEMOCRATI @swilkinsonbc @freegazaorg @QCpal @wherepond …
Flat Earth? #flatearthsociety
Vote republican.  Keep up the good work Kanye.  You and Candace Owens can change the black community and many more people.  Stay safe!
Like pac said, he was just there to spark the mind that will change the world. You that mind ye...
True facts! The pressure to conform will beat you down but it's our duty to resist by being our true selves.
By saying slaves had a choice? Fucking idiocy. You need help Bro. You have psychological issues and I hope you get some long term medical treatment.
Do us a favor and Make America Great Again, by deleting your account. Tell us oh wise one, what your unpopular question? What a joke.
@kanyewest I love how all the Kanye haters are hanging on his every word.

Waiting to post hate within one second...

Yet say his message of love is useless and whack.

 Man o man.
Bot
You’re definitely a icon to me
How about getting some education yourself. then perhaps you won't sound so uninformed, uneducated and stupid. 
Maybe stick to music. no need for data or facts there.

How have you changed the world Mr West.
Why is it America cannot grasp that all human life regardless of stature, colour or creed is equal. A universal healthcare system is something everyone should be entitled too regardless of income. In Europe this is the way it is. Its not a case of 'if you can't pay go away ' ffs.
youre following one person.  dont act like youre actually listening to people.
Just shut the fuck up.
yeezy slides r uglier then kim before plastic surgery
look at your Head bro you couldn't get laid in a one dollar brothel
ICYMI: Just like #GeorgeWBush, #DonaldTrump don't give a damn about Black people!
#RememberTHAT #KanyeWest
Then how did all these black Americans get jobs and get off of food stamps under Trump, but not under Obama?
With ALL those FAKE, imaginary jobs #Trump created or restored, like Coal Mine, Carrier, Auto, and the 'wonderful' tax cuts @realDonaldTrump gave to the poor, at the expense of the rich!!
Did you just drop acid for the first time?
You are not a free Thinker, you are a controlled freak show
Yes @KanyeWest you get itBut, if you are serious about #Kanye2024 if you want to win, you must choose a side. 

I am a #TRUMPRepublican prior to @realDonaldTrump I voted for @BarackObama was about to vote for @HillaryClinton UNTIL #TRUMP started to #PREACH 

#USA #MAGA


I never liked your music but used to think you were fairly intelligent based on your family background. NOT ANY MORE! #ClubJock
As long as the black community votes in unison they will be ignored by the Dems and the GOP because nothing either side does will change your mind. The slavery boat sailed a long time ago, it is time to consider current issues.
Well the current president is a birther. The current president is literally supported by the KKK. The current president wants stop and frisk to go national. The current president has the whitest cabinet in history. The current president ended My Brother’s keeper. I can go on.
How is birther racist, especially when he said the same thing about Ted Cruz? How does being supported by the KKK make him associated with it?  There are terrible people endorsing both sides.  The communist party endorsed Obama, does that make him a communist?
Yup only free thinkers can 
Agreed. "Question with boldness even the very existence of God; for if there be a God, he must surely approve of honest questioning over blind-folded fear." TJ
Yes
Kim Kardashian has changed the world more than Kanye West has. #Facts
Learn about the deep state: Everything will make more sense. I’m sitting at the Abbey right now. Many conservatives don’t care about social policies, they just want the government to stay out of it because they keep making everything worse by having minorities become dependent.
That's false. Liberals want to keep the lower classes dependent. Read what Malcom X wrote.
That’s what I said. Liberals what to keep minorities dependent on the law.
I thought you wrote conservatives...see original
Yeah many conservatives don’t care about social policies (libertarians), as we view everyone as individuals. It’s liberals that rely on a collective ideology, thus empowering a central government.
Gotcha
Theres a difference between free thinking and ignorant thinking. You are not under the free thinker category
Nice to start to reverse all that programming we've been fed for decades. #Freedom
#Justice 

#Obamagate 
#ReleaseTheTexts #ReleasetheEmails . . . #NoRedactions 

#TheGreatAwakening #TheStorm 
#WeThePeople #MAGA #QAnon  
Exactly
You are no free thinker
You are so right! Love does conquer all!
Why do so many people work so hard and remain so poor? Kanye: It’s their choice.
Funny how liberals expect Whites, Asians, Hispanics all to be both Dems and Republicans and concede that they won't belong only to one party, but liberals DEMAND that ALL black people be Democrats.  Hmmm, that's odd, don't you think? Sounds to me like they think they OWN blacks.
The smell of Dragon Energy with Putin's Puppet
Tell me about it . #freethinkers
The idea that anything and everything contrary to popular opinion is positive or progressive simply because its “not popular” is a disease. 
Think both freely, and critically. The latter requires context & intelligence.  The former does not.
Are you saying that @kanyewest is not thinking critically? He seems to be making an awfully lot to an awfully lot of people. Perhaps you need to open your mind and take another gander.
Plataforms like @steemit give the power back to those thinkers! Monetizing thier ideas and opinions. We are in a new era @kanyewest become an early adopter and join the great future that blockchain is providing. Listen to @APompliano stop ignoring him lol
He hears me. He will strike when he is ready.
He will. The power of the Blockchain can't be ignored.
Not a free thinker .... #Kanye is very expensive.  
Speaks of #Starvation and "unpopular questions" but in #Reaity Mr. By himself asks questions only as one who #QuestionNothing.
Life is easy for #Kanyeezy
Who said it's Kanye's job to fix the world? Get off your own a$$ and do it or shut up. How many volunteer hours you do last year? How much you give to charity?
I mean, it IS up to those with money to do something with it. People who are common or can barely stay afloat like us average Americans can only afford to give our time and volunteer. People with money ARE the ones who it is up to...
Make excuses much? I give 5% to charity, I work 100+ hours a year charity. Lead by example. Not telling others what to do with theirs. Go make your own pile of money and make a difference, or invent a better light bulb, or something. Barely making it? What are you gonna change?
2/2 
What are you gonna change that your doing today to make it better tomorrow for yourself? Get off Twitter and go take a class online or something.
I'm a full time student buddy...6 classes per semester. In my first year of college. Don't have enough experience to qualify for a good enough job, don't have a degree yet to qualify for a good enough job. Only have the ability to give my time, where's the excuse for the rich??
Then you CHOSE to take 6 classes instead of working more. Don't whine to everyone else about your CHOICES like it is something random that limits your income. You have to be privledged to even think that way.
So I shouldn't better my education to get a career? You're sending mixed signals bud. Work hard to achieve, don't work hard. I haven't blamed anyone if you'd like to reread my tweets. It doesn't change the fact that those with an over abundance of money should give to charity
Dumb questions*
What dumb questions?
“The republicans freed the slaves so why do we hate them?” 

And any question that questions the african American experience as if it’s been created from imagination. 

Ppl gotta go back and actually do the homework “on history. Wish someone could just tweet kanye a history book.
When did he say that? Surely it came from a place of ignorance. But it’s technically true, the Republicans and Democrats swapped ideals. Lincoln was a Republican. History aside, Kanye is promoting universal love and I don’t see a problem with that, as someone studying Buddhism.
3. The ‘ideals’ you speak of didn’t start to take shape until the 1930s, also these ‘ideals’ were still rooted in racism 

4. He is not supporting ‘universal love’. Just because he says ‘I love you’ after saying ignorant shit does not mean he’s supporting universal love.
Perhaps I’m ignorant on the history aspect of it but you are wrong about your fourth point, absolutely.
Ok.
You’re not being demonized for asking unpopular questions. Get over yourself. You’re not brilliant for aligning with the racist whites of America. That’s easy. They’re the majority. Get real.
What do you know about freedom Kanye ? #IfSlaveryWasAChoice
What do you know? liberals feed to minorities victim mindset to get votes. They play on old wounds to create false sense of alliance. They don’t strengthen &empower 
As long as minorities are dependent- liberals get to keep their power
Dear Kanye, niggas are not ready for the truth.
And what exactly is the truth?
Still waiting .....
This is the truth.  Get it?
No, I don't.
You have been played to believe you are oppressed by the democratic party.   If you don't  think this is about Ds and Rs and your freedoms then go back to sleep you are not ready.
Your problem is that you don't read.  You know nothing of history and aren't old enough to have witnessed events over the past half century in real time
Only people with a conscience and common sense can change the world. NOT A WELL KNOWN BIGOT (TRUMP)!
PREACH!!!
It is not free thinking that will change the world, it is clear thinking. No one should rely on anyone else to interpret their rights. Read the Constitution, Bill of Rights and esp the Federalist Papers, these doc contain what is truth.
There's nothing free about your thinking. But it's sure free marketing. Can you make it more obvious that this whole bit was created to promote your new album? Your self-importance is 2nd only yo DT.
So negative...
I completely agree, and supporting @realDonaldTrump is why you're not a freethinker anymore.
How come?
We can't do anything without bowing down to the almighty dollar.
The best things in life are free... love, laughter, and sunshine.
You with your godamn grandiosity

@baggett1_joseph thank you for the support brother
Tell us about your trip to Moscow in 2016. 
Trump doesn’t want you to think freely. He wants you to fall in line with his thoughts. Which is, apparently, just what you’re doing. You’ve been had, Kanye. He’s making the world laugh at you.
#God Bless King Kanye!
Spoken like someone who is being coached on what to think...
Kanye log off!!!
Free thinker? You are Narcissus.
I wonder what Kanye Thinks is a free thinker? Someone just texting quotes or someone that realizes there is a higher force that allows you to get up in the morning and controls your life when you understand you are a puppet and the higher force is in control you begin your path.
I tried reading this, but the lack of punctuation and proper grammar really makes that difficult.
Let kanye SPEAK freely..new album dropping but Hold onto your $$.   #GrabYourWallet
Lol my mom likes to use that word “ demonized” lol ugh
Heard that some of the Jenna's unfollowed you! Sad! They care more about strangers than family or respect your thoughts or rights! Dont Bend
True,but to change the world, one must change themselves first. Evaluation cannot exsist Without progressive actions.
What? Yes it can?..
Please stop trying to be deep It's not working
Oh BUT IT IS!
It’s unpopular because we know that these claims are false and their are better ways to handle situations rather than alienate the lower classes and minority races.
There*
@BirdiesVoice liked this so you're probably on to something . 
Ase
WAKE UP MR. WEST!!!
wake up from what . show me where he said something or supported a thought other than his own?
*sees profile picture, chooses not to respond* Stay blessed beloved
Kanye is on our side he loves you too
“We” don’t have a side.
we as in everyone
“Everyone” is not on the same side.
Kanye is with us
The first sentence is 100% correct. The second is rubbish. If your thoughts are not grounded in factual knowledge then you’re making noise & obscuring more useful discourse. Being a free thinker is not the same as being a liar.
And a lot of times white lies is called “free thought”
You’re nowhere near as smart as you think you are.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning–Kruger_effect …
Lovin new tune& special vid
Think FREEEE ...or die a slow death with the mob think.!!!
I’m thinking you can’t be too free if you’re talking up politicians. Ain’t nothing free about them. I don’t care if you love Trump. I love the fact that he’s likely going to bring this system to its knees. It’s inevitable, this does not go on 4ever. All empires fall.
for some -- mere thoughts and words are too dangerous to tolerate
KILL THE WITCH
Well it certainly won't be you.
Unpopular questions generate false answers my brother. Sometimes we need to be uncomfortable to realize the truth. Some people become comfortable knowing the truth, some lose their minds and refuse to realize the truth.
Isn't that the whole point of a free thinker?  To have free thoughts? What exactly are you talking about?
#KanyeWest #TRUMP #MAGA #DemocratPlantation
Donald Trump is not a free thinker.
How is he the status quo? Seriously?
You’re a simple-minded contrarian, not a “free thinker”.
Everytime an ass like you tweets some shit like this, you're proving Kanyes point.
That’s funny bcus I don’t see you defending those “free thinking” anti-trumpers.  Just kanye who is pro-trump.

Miss me.
They don't need defense, the entire media backs their view points and villanizes conservative views. That's why Kanye is speaking out. Not hard to grasp.
I wasn’t aware media controlled how people thought.  I guess I don’t live in a world where the GOP controls all 3 branches of gov.  The media covers stories.

Kanye is just a troll not unlike trump:  from Beck to Swift to Jay-Z & Beyonce.  Kanye & Trump are birds of a feather.
You sound really upset that Kanye is challenging conventional thought within his field/race. Don't worry buddy, you've only got 7 more years of MAGA.
Hahaha you’re not standing up for free thinkers... you’re defending a rapper who is being contrarian & you think its virtuous & bold bcus he is a trump supporter like you.

Besides, we’re both being defensive but you replied to me, remember?

Now go maga yourself.
Will Do!
Totally agree! 
We MUST BE the change we want to see in this world. Peace!
Greetings from Brazil! 
I SO AGREE WITH YOU KANYE! KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! HATERS WANTS TO BREAK OR BEND YOU TO THEIR WILL ! DON'T ALLOW THEM! STAY STRONG! THANKS
Thank you @kanyawest god bless you and your family.
This is the Kanye library in case you need something to blame.  

It’s also the model for the Trump Presidential Library already being planned in Moscow.
Get a job
You are no free thinker.
Sure, starving for attention. What part of the world has your free thinking changed so far?
Yessssss!
Not all free thinker can really think
True story. That’s why they don’t leave elections up to ‘The People’. Except this time, one got in. 
Indeed; well said Kanye 
Preach Omari
20years from now they will understand the revelation of Kenya west @kenyewest
Spewing nonsense doesn't make you a free thinker. It makes you an idiot with no filter. Some things are unpopular because they SHOULD be unpopular. Defending the indefensible doesn't make one enlightened, it makes them a stooge.
You have many many things going right for you Kanye West , I read all your words everyday  there so inspiring, to many people
I can not compose a complete response in a tweet... BTW this advertising strategy is working great.  It keeps you trending everyday!
So out of touch
And people who speak loudly about subjects the media won’t touch like the down sides of vaccines sometimes get murdered. Check out the site healthnutnews.
Many free thinkers wrote books. Try reading one.
Absolute truth. Why are there so many haters. We each have a say. It’s not political, it’s being an American.
Starving for attention

Make rap music. Sell T-shirts. Yep - the man thinks waaay outside of the box.
The key to a circle, is asking questions and looking beyond one’s arse, only free thinkers can balance the world’s energy.  Wow dude, hit me again, my bong is out, dude....such amazing colors everywhere and stars, man, stars
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-di-scoop-di-poop
Poop-di-scoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop
I miss the old Kanye (in the day's of "Colledge drop out"
It’s almost like when you have very little knowledge about history people feel the need to remind you of facts
Okay. Let's hear YOUR ideas on how to change the world.
Agreed free thinkers who are themselves can change the world.. just don't think about it too much. The term thinking freely is overly use just be yourself and think for yourself and most of all listen.
Thinking like trump is not thinking for yourself.  That is being his little biaatch.  You could have been bigger than trumps Biaaaaatch.
Broooooo speeeaaakkk
Or, forced to drink poison.

Revealing the Truth about the Democratic Party Part 2 of 2: The Parties Switched - Bing video
It's not "free thinking" when someone is whispering the bullshit you're spewing in your ear. You're just the token mouthpiece. They needed a man of color, and here you are.

' We' is not you Sir. You are not starving by a Longshot.
YESSSSSSS!!!!
Kanye’s mental health is questionable.
When a liberal cant call you a racist they call you mentally ill.  Why do dems always resort to slander and name calling?  Why cant liberals be civil?   Honestly,  id like to know.
If someone who's never played music before picks up a guitar and starts playing, is that person a "free thinker" or just someone who doesn't know what the hell they are doing?
A free thinker is open to different thoughts, instead of conforming to the social norm. Your example does not work, b/c playing guitar is  socially excepted. Many people who have never played music before, pick up a guitar and start playing. How else would you learn how to play?
A musician, to improvise freely and meaningfully, needs to understand some music theory. Otherwise the result will be nonsense. 

Like if you get on Twitter and display your ignorance of the history of civil rights, you're not being a free thinker.
When has he done that?
Right here.
IF YOU SUPPORT TRUMP YOU HAVE NO PLACE IN HIP-HOP REGARDLESS OF PAST ACCOMPLISHMENTS #itaintwhereufromitswhereuat
Being a free-thinker doesn’t mean embracing a national joke and buffoon because you share “dragon energy.”
That's Progressive Liberalism for ya!  Remember Regressive Liberalism IS the Bastard child of Marxism!
Do not fall in line and think exactly the same as them, off to the gulag you go!  
https://www.hillsdale.edu/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/1987-Marx_and_Lenin.pdf …
Sadly, buzzwords and greetings card-level homilies about love don’t equal free thought. You’re letting yourself be used as a recruiting tool by some deeply unpleasant, cynical people.
Amen. Brother
Preach
STOP!! That wasn't for you!
Starved? Go get some fish sticks
ブラジルに来て
Change the world by building a wall 
Exactly liberals are cows that follow the heard into the slaughterhouse
Amen!
Lots of ignorant free thinkers out there. Some are changing the world as we speak.
Steve jobs was a freethinker! Not the scum that u surrounded yourself with.. there the past, they think like people did in the past
start by thinking first.  that comes with doing the research, not repeating what you've heard from someone else, that you think sounds good.  try working toward gaining knowledge.  stop repeating slogans.  some of the things you post are ignorant as ish.  stop tweeting. study.
No matter how many times it's been proven, complacency allows free thinking to resurface time and time again, as the leader.
At least Kayne is seeing how the side that constantly preaches and demands tolerance continues to prove they have little to none of their own pretty much daily. Sadly their extreme and comical lack of self-awareness prohibits them from realizing it..
Kanye is a free thinker? Good one!

Just gotta live and love the truest way you know how, we all make mistakes or piss some people off, but just as long as you’re intentions are good just keep moving forward and ignore the bs.
Being a free thinker doesn’t mean being free of consequence
Shut up and sing.
try reading a book
Platitudes with a side of hypocrisy and hubris.
The dems and their rino counterparts are destroying america kanye.
It's like the dummies who shot in the back of the class vs the front. Always afraid to get called on, as the truth of them being stupid would be known.
Kanye may just wake people to be free thinkers.  Keep being you Kanye!   You are extremely relevant to our country right now.
Facts
Amen
We think alike...
Look at me! Demonized for thinking! Buy my stuff!
You clearly have no idea what free thinking is.
What unpopular question have you asked?  You stated your love for Trump...I didn't hear no questions
Free thinkers are told they're crazy, my man
I don't know.....kinda sounds like a choice.
Thank you!
I’d settle for some actual thinkers ... “free” seems almost greedy at this point.
Oddly the "question all authority folks" from decades past are teaching and telling us "not to question" THEIR authority today. #FreeThinkers #Woke #LetsTalk #Listen #ChangeTheWorld
Yes, isn't ironic that the anti-establishment hippies of the 60's have become the establishment drones & corporatists of today.  And sad that so many of the younger generation are conformists who actually WANT the govt to tell them what to think and take care of them.
What u selling dude? New album? New shoes?
Not buying either!
@BernieSanders
If we cant see air, can fish see water??

You imagine you'll come up w/ something novel and amazing.
I am a free thinker but not like you. You're simply undisciplined.
Critical thinking is more important. It could help you figure out that some of the ideas you dream up when you're free thinking are just flimsy & specious

Well said my friend
