..
If u know this why u can't find the wisdom in slavery according to its absolute value and speak intelligently?
I see some of your energy coming from your little one- the future- never forget what can be- your dream will become his reality. I don't have to say this-I can see it in your eyes and hear it in your words. Much love, energy and respect <3 <3 <3
The fact he said slaves had there own choice, is true at the end of the day they did because there humans everyone makes there own choices. But the fact that the white over powered them with weapons, an mistreated them spread fear, by word of mouth, and that’s why people don’t
Well Thanos destroyed half of it so lol
Much respect Haters gonna hate.Lovers gonna love. It's a new spark, a new breath a new light.  Don't let them box you in, think love, think energy- a new awkening is happening.  The true creative minds are dreaming and thinking and awakening-just maybe-can the dream become---- <3
I like the positivity . A loud mouth man with a crazy mind . Causes a disturbance that changes reality.
This is all complete media hype between @kanyewest and @TMZ   They are in it together and y’all are lapping it up.
ME AND HUBBY WATCHING UR INTERVIEWS..like damm did we lost Ye? . ... even tho u make alot of sense....  u seem very lost. #Chicago
Start a new line of clothes and name it Toussaint 1804.....The choice
It's obvious the same #Genius we knew and loved in the past, is not the same man speaking on #TMZ 
#MuteKanye #SlaveryWasAChoice 
#PrayForKanye
Sucker.  hahahahaa
Your crazy again!!  Your in a manic state go see your psychiatrist!!!
TMZ is the a driver of vanity and greed and is a plague

U gotta make ur own opinion, draw your own conclusions, but only after careful LISTENING! Don’t let others manipulate ur thought! Make ur own! That’s ur right!
None of u understood a thing of what he said or did. He wants unity among all nations, races, etc. he was so open about what he went through and y’all just throw stones at him. That’s not fair!
I wonder how many of y’all took the time to actually watch that interview as objective as possible and draw their own conclusions and actually LISTEN uninfluenced... how many of all u guys commenting? I bet not even 5%. But y’all love to judge behind a phone screen.
People are so judgemental and they love taking stuff out of context. That’s exactly what happened with what this man said during tmz interview. Everything the media outlets let us know was just out of context.
Of course you did. anything for some attention.
everyone fears the deprogramming
Only you could have done that. Solidarity 
He's lying. I regrets what he said AF but he knows that he's done so he won't apologize.

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 
But you made Black people look retarted. How was that awesome.
Congrats on staying up against opioids. It’s hell : knowing who you truly are but not experiencing it. Keep spreading love and individuality.
Being an artist isn’t Carte Blanche to be an asshole.
TMZ put your discussion to an end. Honestly Kanye think before you speak, pay attention to how your comments and be more conscious of what you say. Slavery was never a choice!
Idiot
You got dunked on, my dude.

True but they only showed what they wanted to show. Not cool
You are sick, get some help dude
Your mom is flipping in her grave
You keep being you.  The people who love you are all that matter in this world!
Me after watching it
your free to think...so think, you are a good example of someone who uses their mouth twice as much as their ears, there is a reason you have two ears & one mouth.

The Bible actually backs what you said, Kanye: most people choose to be, or remain, slaves. You were right.
Your interview with @cthagod Cthawas much better than TMZ .
Stand your ground Kanye! Don't let the enslaved thinkers or those who control them discourage what you're trying to do. This country is not good at hearing truth and thinking for themselves.
Your 15 minutes are over!!
Kanyes impact on entertainment was more like 15 years fam
You not the only one with a plan . Check out this crew . Big Things Big Things . People Dying , because People are Lying !!!
The# Kanye West #TMZ part they dont show you, that dude who stood up to him was destroyed by Kanye love message , Its Trump’s “love” causing Kim Jon Un of North Korea to scale down nuclear for peace. Trump should get a Nobrl Peace Prize https://instagram.com/p/BiSIr4CHVkE/  @kanyewest
Trump... and love? Trump caused Kim to... to what? With his love? I’d ask you to explain but I know you can’t.
I can explain alright. President Donald Trump offered Kim Jon Un his love and accepted Kim into the new world , even South Korean president has uttered “Trump deserves a Nobel Peace Prize”
As a very early co-signer, playing you on my college radio before Through the Wire dropped, buying all your albums at least twice, dogg, we done. You've gone to far.
We'll always have this with us
He apologized for this in 2010 and again recently
He should have never apologized, because he spoke the truth
Its a recently discovered fact that some memories of traumatic events that happened to our ancestors are actually passed down through DNA. To say that slavery has no relevance today is just plain foolish Its an important part of history and should be remembered for what it was
Yes brother...the rise of consciousness
Your interview was so powerful, I want to thank you for being the voice for a new era.  I understood the message & commend you on your bravery to be the voice, as so many of us have been on this journey for quite some time now, and you have the platform to make this happen!
Explain how his slavery comment was so powerful to you
Because he was referring to people being inslaved mentally , they twisted it to make it a racial issue .

God has a plan.
Fuck TMZ they trying to make you look crazy!
the universe has a plan and it's clearly for you to get psychiatric care as quickly as possible. and for people to stop going to TMZ....
U know u came from Africa and African Continent is dieing but some of u so-called African American hate coming to African- what an irony, can't u forgive our fore-father for their mistakes over 400 yrs ago?
Saw it all. awesome!  @FreeYourMind.
Kanye West sounds almost as 'crazy' as Jim Carrey... Kanye not yet on Jim's woke level ;) Keep vibrating at your current frequency Kanye, you'll get there
Do you understand what awesome means? 
It does have a plan just make sure you continue to tell them what they don’t want to hear until they remember otherwise they will be doomed to repeat it so express ya self

"Awesome" is the perfect description #woke #simulation #breakthrough
Kanye. I have news for you. They are using you.
Who knew the universe's plan was to expose you as someone willing to sell out all black people to white supremacists.
That kardashian nunu turns men into trash....what's contained inside that famous kardashian nunu?men just lose their heads
You need some Geodon dude
@kanyewest it has! I FEEL YOU, KANYE!!! I support your ideas about LOVE, COMPASSION, FORGIVENESS, about living in NOW and HERE. We need it. ASAP!!! #supportkanyewest #love #peace #compassion #forgiveness #awareness #osho #firsthelpyourself
You are just real stupid!
Hindsight differs from foresight in one crucial respect.
You really need to take your meds as they are prescribed or else it doesn't work and you will have problems with your thinking


What the media doesn’t want you to see @kanyewest 
sorry u felt u needed Lipo 2 fit in,I've been there..never good enough 4 the masses.But then I realized I'd always be chasing what other people thought was good enough & I stopped & embraced Me! #midweststateodmind I have more important problems than other people's opinions of me

We’re with you Kanye!

BLACK PEOPLE: Who are you? A Thread
God always has a plan and timing
Blind and stupid. That's most religious people on earth. Religion is a damned shame.

Spin

Since we are still talking about your comments, I guess you won! You got the publicity you were wanting(or needing).
Yes Kanye West needs publicity foh before he buys your family

I actually got what you were saying. People took it the wrong way.
Can you please elaborate how we took “slavery was a choice” the wrong way? I really want to see you go in depth.
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
Right or wrong it’s how he feels. Don’t be quick to judge and agree to disagree. Let’s be mature and not attack someone because they think differently.
It’s not that he thinks differently, it’s that he doesn’t think, before just throwing out random thoughts. All he had to do was be a little more conscious of what he’s saying, and how those words are going to be perceived. That’s not so hard to do.
Why do you feel he didn’t think about it? He’s not saying slavery is a choice, he is saying, if you outnumber the whites 500-1 not revolting WAS a choice. It wasn’t the chains, it was the mental prison that held them back and the mental prison is still here.
I saw the interview and now know that I was wrong about you. You have my deep and sincere apology for what I said about you in 2005 after your comments about Pres. Bush after Katrina. I was profoundly wrong.  What you say is important sir.  Please keep it up.
Why? Because he fits your dialogue now?
Exactly, the alt right nazis have adopted a token black celebrity to push their message.
It’s disgusting what’s happening but I have a feeling the majority see right through this charade. This isn’t about a Kanye Album, he actually thinks if he follows The Trumpian Party they will put him on the ticket- newsflash, they didn’t want a black POTUS 9yrs ago & not in 2020
I don't think he's planning on actually running, matter of fact I think he's legit crazy.

This dude? The one who attacked a cop? And robbed a store? This one? Sad.
What would be awesome is helping out with Flint Michigan’s water crisis.
@kanyewest Yes it does! Dropped this a year ago, now all this sh$@ with the media  https://soundcloud.com/xpertize-muzik/inspire-a-word-from-kanye-prod-by-xpertize … #2minofyourtime #itwasonlyright
The same people at the Trump rally who booed the existence of Hispanic people applauded YOU. Think about that.
“For rebelling against every form of authority fate has punished me by making me an authority.”
― Albert Einstein
Nice quote

Watched it all, feel your passion fellow Gemini sometimes it comes in waves...  Surfing the up and downs is a thing called life.
I am obviously not black but I understand what you were saying! Don’t be stuck in the past as an oppressed people. Don’t let another 400 years define you!
That whole interview though... Makes an indictment of democrats taking advantage of the black vote. Trump is getting stuff done. Black support has doubled in the last week.
When I first heard you speak at that concert I knew you had tapped into some potent truth. I knew you truly felt something in your spirit. You gained my attention at that moment. Never stop your pursuit of higher truths. Never surrender. Practice perseverance. Keep your composure
Yeah, it was awesome to see how Ignorant you are!
I agree that slavery was a Choice.. A choice between getting Enslaved or getting KILLED! Don't you think there were Slave Rebellions, "Genius"? But guess what..? They got killed! #IfSlaveryWasAChoice #IgnoranceIsAChoice
I feel sorry for you Kanye. Please seek help. Everyone has the right to their opinion but its just that. Your thoughts are not historical facts. #kanye
That interview was awesome! 
But TMZ is an extension of CIAs Hollywood liason office. THEY have to much riding on their Cloward & Pivens/race tensions strategy to let you just skate by. Good job on glitching their matrix like that though
Eye see your vision Ye, it’s all love.
Obviously Kanye meant, some people still have a slave mentality  when they don’t have to. They can choose not to think like a  victim in this day and time. Why is it I got it right away and don’t know anything about Kanye?
Go away, just go away...like maybe an institution for idiots.
Yet as a people, who out number slave owners, our ancestors accepted it 
TMZ has probably been trying to reach you for years and you probably blew em off. Don't act like you discovered some dope shit when you can ask anyone for anything and they'll gladly do it cuz ur Kanye West
Oh to hang out with you for one day... I think would be awesome!
Still genius!!! He used TMZ to get his statement to the WORLD!!! Many may not like what he said and call him ignorant, but the fact remains, he simply spoke the truth! Every single individual on this planet has choices and  me myself would've choice to uprise against slave owners
You say that now, but put in that situation you wouldn't have done shit
It's common sense to me. Someone puts you in a situation your uncomfortable with, do you stay!?!? No, you do whatever you have to do to get out!! 25-50 slaves, 1 slave owner!! Your bugging, I'm out 
Kanye's mom had a choice too, she didn't have to get plastic surgery but she did, now her ass is dead, but that's my opinion
If slavery was forced upon our ancestors and some allowed it, then it becomes a “choice”. The ones that rebelled once given a chance, made that “choice” to be free. The ones that committed suicide by jumping off of the ships that they were being carried on, made that “choice”.

Just stop talking
It is real funny to see who actually watched the interview and who jumped on the lets hate Kanye for a one liner taken by the MEDIA and turned into something "ignorant" side. My friend thought it was a really great interview and he been on the fence since Kanye started.  #MAGA
Apparently the plan is for you to go back to the south side of Chicago.
The real Kanye is out!
It's cool, lots of people have trouble coming to grips with relaity.  You and Trump are perfect for each other.
Your delusional and a hateful person trying to get it right. Do us all a favor and just dissapeer.
 you’ve got a new follower.  #freethinking #love #freethinkers


It wasn’t difficult to understand.  It is just difficult for some to admit they understand.
Fakes are fallng away!!! Love watching you skool.... YOU are Yeezy!

Stand in the Light of Your Truth!
#NoProgramming
Thank you Mr. West! I appreciate you being true to yourself. I always have you, and your family in prayer. Continue spreading the truth, and opening the minds of people who have been mentally enslaved to this reality that is amongst us. Peace and Love.
u r "power' hungry n doing it so wrongly it's y u'd betray urs thinkin "in a white man's world,u're  d 1 chosen". U r a disgrace.
more than awesome, loved it,
I could give you some real food for thought-because you are open minded and frankly on to something! It isn’t what you might think though!
Wait you thought that was awesome? 
This Kanye West is not the strong Kanye West of ten years ago. This Kanye have to be his evil twin brother
He is a Gemini
You went to sleep !!!!! What are you on snoozing off and on like that.. u need to be at home with all that going on.. i say looklooklokkk he sleep then u popped up.. bruh.. 

 Ohhgftdeggtrdrgvggvf6 7 t4edr4e68y dy
You just distroyed your music career. You are an embarrassment to the black community. Maybe the universe will use your public self hate as text book example of brain washing to the highest power.
Hey KW, I could take or leave you until last week. I'm white, you're right!
We were in awe at how Van took you down, so yeah. We had a plan.
Van has not remover the programmed chains yet. Nor have you! Feeling sorry for those who feel sorry for themselves will never empower them to look to the future.
Tmz flicks
My plan was you to be my baby daddy. You blew dat bae
why can't people disagree without hating each other

You're Cracked Boy, Get some Help...
Reasonable people, no matter their political affiliations, know you are not a racist and want people to stop being held back by past atrocities. Rather look forward, work hard and achieve.... you're a great example of success @kanyewest! #ResistTheBullys
#OPMAYFLO#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry

Please check out @WhitPlantation and promote education of slavery.
God has always had a plan for each & everyone of us long before we were conceived. However, until the world can resolve that they cannot & will not out- think or out-do God, the outcome of His plan will remain solely in his hands.
They can try to end your career or even try to end your freedom of speech, but they NEVER can end you being you!!
MUCH RESPECT TO YOU. Its not easy being in your position now but its nice to see you stand your ground. It is a bitter pill to some that's for sure.
I have to say I really understood what u were saying! Was it the white man who chose not to end slavery? Or was it Fear in the slaves that stop them from uniting together to stop the whites?? So in detail it is all questionable? Who’s choice was it???
That’s a question you save for philosophy classes, not TMZ
I love Van
I’m not sure if I’m right but I think it was a misunderstanding in delivery my take is that you were saying that black people today are being slaved by being followers in society and falling into a trap By being told when where and how to think so that’s mental slavery!???
Knows.
Wake them up! Your success is proof.
Your mind is at the right place
Rubbish
I loved it. Not a fan of your music, well correction, i never gave it a shot so i dont really know. But u did inspire me. I love how you think brother


What a joke
it wasn't awesome. you were a shameful embarrassment.
It’s like a dumpster, on fire, rolling down the street. I’m going to stop and look, but then I’m going to go about my business...

#idiot
Take your meds before you hit bottom, your kids deserve better. You lose your rights to acting like a child when you have kids of your own.
YOU ARE AWESOME! In order for them to understand you they have to be a thinker, know their history and have the will to be free
Idiot.
The universe doesn't care about you. Stop being so arrogant and narcissistic.

Idiot!!!
I’m going to leave this right here...
Nigga you always crying about how they won’t let you make clothes but shit on the slaves? You do not think that’s the same demographic of oppressors? Stop trying to be so smart and use your intelligence once in a while. Yo ass apologized to Bush like a sucker. Sacrifice ain’t you
There's a fine line between genious and insanity...obviously it can be quite a balancing act.
2nd tweet in my life. You and your friend are so right. These people don’t have an open mind. My son is half black I brought him up as a person not as a color. It’s up to him to make it as him not as a color. God bless you K.
 take your meds dude!  Wake the F*** Up!!
I love you Kanye! You are amazing c
wow kanye.... i have the upmost respect for you... keep up the good fight ..... Respect from the UK...
TMZ would die if not for the evil empire that is known as the Kardashian's.
Its a leftist view to destroy the minds you disagree with. Hitler did this well.
