There is a shift happening. People who are heart centered are stepping up across this country. Some are guided by Faith but all are guided by Love. Not a soft love, but the kind of Love that mothers have that allows them to lift cars to save their kids that are pinned underneath

Glad you’re saying this on a repost from a #BLM activist. Good on you 
Kanye i miss when were friends in those days in Mexico...
I love the new kanye
Which Kanye release did you prefer: Lift Yourself or Ye vs. The People
Lyrical  break down of lift yourself? Lol
How do  you reconcile this with being a Trump supporter? IT MAKES NO SENSE!!!
Why not?
Sounds more like people are coming to Christ...
Must definitely an awakening is taking place, call it Faith, call it Love,  call it Faith driven by Love, that kinda of godly Love that makes you love your enemies and stopped them from hating you because of different way of thinking.
Thank God, no gramma Nazis out there, you all I meant "Most" not must.

We have to treat each other as individuals not as a collective. Cause being part of a identity group does not mean that you think, feel, act or do the same things. Each person is an individual irrelevant of the amount of melatonin in their skin or what their faith is!
#MAGA 
melatonin is a sleep hormone
Opps well it's pretty obvious what I ment and auto correct sucks! 
The chains of mental slavery are being broken. Best thing that has happened in my life since I got home from my very last combat deployment.
So, why would that matter?  When I was in Combat, my bullets didn't fly down range for white America or black America, they flew down range for CITIZENS. If a single person is awaked by anything Kayne tweets, he deserves a pat on the back.
When anyone goes Alinsky, it's divisive. Those that aren't divisive, are cool, they want what I want. The sooner everyone is educated on what the progressives have done, the sooner all Citizens will be loved and happy.
Oh buddy, so glad you found me and engaged!!!! 

Rules for Radicals by Saul Alinsky. It's the progressive playbook for chaos. The left has used it to divide us for a LONG TIME. Read it after you read the Art of War. Then, and only then, will you be awake. I promise :-)
That's called passion and it moves mountains
The golden age is here !!
#TheGreatAwakening is happening my friend. Time is near for us to be united. I am so blessed to be alive to see this. I wish my Grandmother was here to witness it. She new it was coming. Beautiful
Kind of sad to see the negative posts. These people know they are missing something but they can’t quite see what it is. It is exciting that a few will finally wake though. Life is Good.
What is it? What are people missing?
Beloved. Love is Action. Love is going from mass incarceration to massive prison reform. Love is teaching mindfulness to traumatized communities. Love is seeing the evidence & revamping policing. Love is financial literacy for poor children. I believe that Love will win.
No, there is not. You let us all down.
Free thinking is no let down. He isn’t telling you to think or vote like he does. He is only stating what he believes. Yet you attempt to insult him for it. Who is running the plantation now?

Feeling it in Australia. Is definitely a seismic shift taking place.

And?

The universe is filled with horses and riders and the riders have to find the horses before the horses find a saddle but in order to be saddled we have to love one another by not making any fucking sense
not to mention the pasture at the bottom of the abyss that is always greener the deeper you go as you leave the light of oppression and absorb darkness from lack of depression by not making any fucking sense
Kanye West made it clear he supports Donald Trump.

Sign and Share the #BoycottKanye petition. https://www.change.org/p/kanye-west-boycott-kanye-west … #BlueWave2018 #TheResistance
God blessed Us with a brain to think for ourselves with & @kanyewest is a freethinker  God also blessed America with president Donald J Trump God bless #TheGreatAwakening
How do you see these tweets if you don’t follow anyone
Thank u for being u & Your unwavering integrity for what you believe in.We are supposed to be enlightened  we preach tolerance, kindness & acceptance but the moment someone has a different opinion than us we demonize them and cast them off. I’m glad u are creating a dialogue 
God I’m proud of you man!
God bless you @kanyewest and keep you safe. Thank you patriot. 
If you are not guided by love.. you are guided by hate.
Hey @jack or @verified or @TwitterSupport time to get @HawkofNewYork a Blue Verified Check please.
He has sub 2k followers lol
I would not judge a man by the number of followers he has but by the quality of his character. I believe Christ only had 12 followers and changed the world, imagine what @HawkofNewYork can do with 2000!
Amen Brother. Bless You
Go to sleep Kanye
Don’t fight love bro

So u hate love????

And people follow this guy. This is what his world consist of.
Leave Kanye alone
That's pretty fucking funny 
send me booty pics then
Yes. Yes we are "morons". Not even religious, but pretty sure we're all going to hell because of a weasel with dick pics. Not sure but that might be a dick wearing a weasel custom. Damn. Sick
“No one has greater love [nor stronger commitment] than to lay down his own life for his friends.”
JOHN 15:13 AMP
Yup! I am a warrior of love

I LOVE YOU KANYE PLEASE DROP A SUPRISE ALBUM
It makes me happy that a larger voice is spreading this message
Shift Happens
Lol that literally had me laughing out loud


-- Cleansing of the Temple -- 

Love is meaningless without edge…
Can you please read @HawkofNewYork other tweets as well?  Do you see what he’s fighting for?  U seem to be blind or ignorant to the fact that people get arrested for being black every day.  U can love everyone and fight injustice.  These 2 things are not mutually exclusive.
How long do these mania phases last
mental illness is a fucked up thing, be safe.

The four freedoms are paramount to our country. However we must never forget that deceit always dons its best when leading innocence into its inner sanctum. Stay strong! Your strength will be your armor.

False
And that damn candi owens. Why?
Don't side step. Already called trump your brother. Your words "free thinker" are just words. No real substance. 

Check out @DJTGUNN’s Tweet:
This is what you Co-sign this is what you attach you're Legacy to 10years from now your not going to be known for the great music you make it be for endorsing this https://youtu.be/5ogdgddvqG4  #KanyeWest
Are you okay?
Courage, strength  wisdom, pride and adrenaline to lift that car, AMEN! ...=_=... 
Do you like fish sticks?
Via: https://www.instagram.com/p/BiCNrQalmgc/ 
It's about time!!! Peace,love,faith,respect
Regardless of what you think of Kanye, one thing is certain he is different from the rest... He is an iconoclast.
That's a beautiful thought Kanye!
Kanye getting interactive


Bro get some rest
Kanye where’s the battle pass
ICARLY BRASIL
For the blacks------that's criticizing Kanye West for having his own political views

Dr King worked with Republican Richard Nixon

Muhammad Ali endorsed Ronald Reagan

Here's proof http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8062044/1/ …
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King

Shut up Kanye, you're practically illiterate
He's a moron and he should keep his mouth shut about things he knows nothing about. Here he's giving political opinions and then tells us he doesn't even know what a conservative is and he has to do research about it.
If I am uninformed about a topic, I definitely make sure not to have a loud voice about it. And I mean the guy is 40 years old and doesn't know what Conservative is? Think I learned that when I was 13 or so. Point is, he shut up about things in which he is vastly uninformed.
Maybe that's the problem, "learned" at 13 and you've had that opinion for the longest - ever questioned if what you think you know may need more investigation? Why take the hateful route? Why don't you  "inform"? Name calling and bullying won't solve anything
Are you suggesting I dont actually know the proper definition of Conservative? I don't understand the point of your words.
It is true Kanye.  We are not humans having a spiritual experience.  We are spirits having a human experience.  Stay the course.  You are a beacon of light.  People need your influence to elevate their love vibration.  I am your fan, forever.
Well said!
Thank you, kindly.
@kanyewest I would like to work for you. I have so many ideas that you would be amazed by, you should check out my Instagram if you’re not convinced @klaivearts
Get @ me ye, I live in London UK.
@rangers1026 Please, don't adopt

@oldmanebro @Rosenbergradio isn’t it funny how the “free thinker” didn’t say one word about #MichelleWolf. Is he afraid @michelleisawolf was right and didn’t want to acknowledge her phenomenal performance in #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner History? Because she has the answers
Phenomenal performance!? That's funnier than anything I heard from her profanity laced performance.  Good job. Maybe you should be next years joker! 
https://soundcloud.com/user-107757861/ode-to-damo-dbo-prod-kenney … It ain’t scoopity but show some love
you yelled at and slammed the door on your bodyguards for standing next to your wife and guiding you through a paparazzi swarm
"Lead with love" 
– @KanyeWest

https://www.thesun.co.uk/archives/uncategorized/1209010/inside-the-weird-world-of-kanye-west-minder-reveals-how-rapper-is-worlds-biggest-diva/ … 
HAWK OF NEW YORK TWEET TYPE BEAT
NAV TYPE BEAT 
I bout fell asleep listening to that
That's adrenaline
You are awesome Kanye!
Wake up and stop sleep walking your #1 Fan
Can we have a conversation. I don’t care how
Strange!!  You said Bush didn't care about Black people although he never uttered a racist comment about Blacks. You now embrace, even "LOVE" someone who repeatedly  and openly advocated racist acts against Blacks. 

I hope your fans boycott you and your music!!
You don’t get to wear Black Lives Matter activists like criticism armor: we see who you are.

Love can't be guided by lies. Truth isn't subjective, truth is just the truth. Facts, truth doesn't care about feelings, it should never be altered. Humans alter the truth to fit a preconceived ideology. Thou shalt not lie.
Listen to Ibeenlivindirty by Shareef Da God #np on #SoundCloud
There’s been a shift towards love and the divine feminine since 2012.

I love you
The internet is lighting you up bro
TRUTH. How we blast someone 4 seein both sides? If more people had independent thought instead of following a color or a line, something might actually get done.
When kanye is woke AF and the rest of the people are sleeping... He just trying to wake you up. #notcrazy
@michelleisawolf Daughter  Go Ahead Black Democrats tell me something?? I will wait 
Michelle Wolf Daughter Known as Woahh Vicky on social media was not invited to the #WHCD 
Pray for Our Troops Tonight! 
#EagerLion18 #QAnon #Iran #RodOfGod #WWG1WGA #Revolution #WorldWide
““For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.”
JOHN 3:16 AMP
No more taken for granted
write a book Kan
Perez Hilton needs to stop using you to gain relevancy
Linking a tweet in twitter is so meta.
God's love, that is
https://soundcloud.com/kyngtyler/ride_for_me …
Church!
https://soundcloud.com/kyngtyler/me-myself-and-i-prod-dystinkt-beats-1 …
https://soundcloud.com/kyngtyler/ruger-prod-eligrek …
Q called you out!
How did you even see this tweet?
Get over yourself, you saying you like trump didn’t cause a “positive wave.”
Kanye can you tell donald trump to follow me back please
Yikes!
This is the worst publicity stunt I’ve seen by Kanye. 
Somehow he’s found a way to go from being viewed as a icon to being viewed as a idiot in record time. #YeezyTaughtMe
definitely not a idiot but speaking the truth
Truth? Lol.
If you think this is anything more than publicity ploy than listen to the song he released the day he donned the “MAGA” hat.
It’s called “Lift Yourself”.
I dare you to tell me about Kanye not being a idiot and talking “truth” afterwards
#GRINGO
You done trying to sell your new record yet?! #Maga and #Trump won without you, and never needed help from celebrities.
Nice to meet the new kanye
Your free thinking, is everyone else's thoughts??? Hmm.....
I am proud to see your growth-
Sometimes our greatest victories will also make us fall!  
but after winter- must come spring  ... change, it comes -eventually 
I hope these find you!  #wisdomspeaks
Truth is love
Oh shit!  Now Kanye's RTing @HawkofNewYork too!  The change is upon us!

#GoldenAge 
Truth. Don't worry about the hate mob, they don't understand. Enjoy your journey.
This the new era .. #NoCap
lil’ (Prod. By @flexlordshawty x @prodragu ) 

Yeah and it's not the far left who hates black people and treats them like political Pawns
He Got’s it Trump to Kanye 
Crack is whack. Ask Odom how he overcame it.
the child = America
the car = the decline of American values and rise of decadence
the mother = those wanting to save America from its current status

that's how I interpret it, hopefully we can save our country and become more loving.

hey I'm not a rap fan but thanks for being you.
what's with MAGA folks and a tendency to support kanye despite not listening to any songs besides his radio hits
It there was a true shift, there would be millions camped in Washington, D.C. demanding change...now.
When Jesus walks go back and listen to that iconic song you wrote, fast forward a couple years and a lot has changed.
Linda e owens is on the run for murder and childabuse will she come to court.4-30-2018 Stanley mosk court
and those TRAFFICKED by our illustrious elite ~~ and yes, there is proof coming soon.
@Ava You did more to help Trump than Russia, Comey, Wikileaks Cambridge Analytica combined. Blame #BillClinton for 3 strike law that sent men of color to prison disproportionately-caused MAJORITY OF BLACKS and Hispanics to NOT VOTE! 54million didnt VOTE-most were people of color.
@Ava Disney offered you #BlackPanther on a silver platter-you turned it down (who has that luxury?), they came back and offered you a #AWrinkleInTime on a silver platter w/full creative license. You didn't have to do anything for the job-WAS THAT TO REPAY YOU FOR 13th Amendment?
@Ava 13th Amendment released one month before election caused MAJORITY OF BLACKS TO NOT VOTE! 54million didnt VOTE-most were #BLACKS 10 million voted 3rd party. #TRUMP could NOT have won without your complicity-YOU HELPED TRUMP WIN. Don't get mad when #KanyeWest wears a hat!
@SnoopDogg @Tip @Kaepernick7 did you vote? Did you rally campaign for @HillaryClinton to make sure Trump didn't win? NO you did NOT! You didn't care.. #DIDNTVOTEDONTCOMPLAIN @kanyewest kept  his opinions to himself until AFTER THE ELECTION-he didn't affect outcome.
@HawkofNewYork Two things bruv. This is DOPE and send me another one of the Bible app invites. You were keeping me in check, then I slipped  .... See you soonest 
@kanyewest it’s called Observation Phenomenon. The wave particle duality allows waves to collapse #quantumphysics
Infinite love is the only truth
Nice diversion from Tristan cheating.  @KrisJenner @KimKardashian
But how is Trump & MAGA about love guys?I don't understand,Trump got where he is through hate&racism. 
Supporting hate&racists is now being flipped to symbolize love?
Or is it about loving the racists?But u are legitimizing&emboldening them to continue with their evil deeds.
and the greatest of these is love

I’m thankful to the people at the Trump rally who gave @HawkofNewYork the stage to speak and to @ScottAdamsSays for highlighting Hawk’s message.
Hate is darkness. Love is light. When you choose Love, you can see the truth. Truth is the power that sustains Love.
Great post!
Thanks for supporting our freedom! The evil elites want to destroy you, but many know the truth about what you are doing, remeber they hateeee god! They hate us!! They hate the number 13
Good morning Uncle Tomye!
All about peace and love and happiness

@Kanye performing Miracles through Love. All of us are performing Miracles through Love. Love is a shift in our perception which allows Miracles to happen. #MiracleMinded
so there was that one kobe commercial where you said wtf does that mean kobe bryant...and I'm kinda having one of those moments right now. but we work around it. especially if your twitter account is still hacked into.
Can we just get Icarly to brazil please?
Not just the upper class with rich people problems.We need stop pretending that police brutality and the racially charged system is not designed to kill our brothers and sisters.But living far far in Never Neverland you will NEVER understand why people forget where they came from
Kanye should we call you Brotha Yay? If you don’t stop the foolishness! We do not need a rich man’s idealistic view of love. We need law makers that truly represent the US (diff. races, ages, sexual affiliations, etc.) -we need politicans to serve interests to help everyone!
4th BRO DO YOU LIKE TWIZZLERS!!!
Yes. 

Listen to Kardashians by A7JohnnyMac #np on #SoundCloud
Please make your own video "I do not support Rupert Murdoch" and share.
Now if only you was original your a fraud kids see ghost is theft I'm suing
We are all one.

know
@kanyewest It is exciting.  Together we define the limits of possible by going beyond into the impossible.
Hey Kanye do you like this song I made?
#TrumpTrain
Follow me spread da luv 
Keep America Great! #Kanye2024!
THE SHIFT IS COMPLETE YALL LATE #FATHERTIME #COUNTDOWN TIME



U ar crazy
Oof
Dragon energy covers both...
Say what?
Twitter fingers turn to whoppty fingers
https://www.instagram.com/p/BiH2MqNAub3/ 
*Eminem & Royce da 5'9" reacts to Kanye West*

Dawg just RT
IM TRYING TO GO TO SLEEP
and can someone please tell @kanyewest @realDonaldTrump is the Exact opposite of this? smh.......so many Americans are not properly educated in the Country and it shows ...it's SAD. So SAD.
It is so very sad to see all the hate in this country especially when God blessed America with President Donald J Trump God bless 
so...dennise...since you Love GOD ....open up the Bible and tell Me any Verse that Supports your beloved Racist Sexist Pomp President? i'm waiting?
When you can give me one factual thing that represents what you just said about President Trump I’ll concede but you can’t do that stop watching the msm news and look around stop the hate. #TheGreatAwakening #QAnon #KAG
and if you can't answer the Bible Question just please take GOD out of Your Statement because apparently you haven't studied scripture and You are just talking blindy? fake news? how about your fake faith? let's talk about that Dennise?
Why is it liberals only know how to insult they can’t debate when you want to debate the issues I’ll be more than happy to oblige but to sit and throw insults I really don’t have the time  God bless  #TheGreatAwakening#QAnon#KAG
Lol Kanye still trying to be irrelevant ..
https://youtu.be/aC3qKSSr1pU  check me brother @kanyewest 
@KoffeyBoachie thank you for the support brother 
Go to sleep and come back I don’t like this white you
Jesus is with YOU -God Bless You Mr West visit http://gife.1sta.com  and http://heroin.2fear.com 

for an epiphany
Agreed! We can make a difference in this world. Now let us prove it!!
Cucu

You have never represented this ... you use mental health in your sick twisted game ....  now all the sudden you’re enlightened ?

@ScottAdamsSays
Now U know the kind of LOVE I have 4 our children
I Hope the Evolution of each of us brings more Justice, more Honor& Immediate Amends by those who have harmed another...
#A4L
The kind of love Mother Earth has! Mother Earth is giving us her energy to heal the lands!
Do you fkn watch Trump or love his tax breaks???
i feel this too, deeply and profoundly. i don't know why, i just do and my life - believe it or not - is manifesting it. it has deep political ramifications, but we must be careful not to overpoliticise it. insist on it - yes- but carefully; u r doin well. go well xx
Amen
@HawkofNewYork what's cool about this is that it isn't new!
There's a group of #Entrepreneurs meeting 5x/yr for 30 years at https://goo.gl/agAZ4K  bringing you successes like Ugg Boots, The Secret, Chicken Soup for the Soul & so many more.  There are over 300k in 144 countries!
Hawk!! <3
AND COMMON SENSE
Kanye, I respect but disagree in supporting Emma Gonzales, who openly admits to having relentlessly bullied the then later school shooter. Please reconsider by looking up the information on her negative vibe. It entirely clashes with the messaging of love you seek to promote.

IS @kanyewest  the CECIL BEATON of TODAY  “Be daring, be different, be impractical, be anything that will assert integrity of purpose and imaginative vision against the play-it-safers, the creatures of the commonplace,…
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
#AgeofAquarius Just the beginning. Not in full force yet.
Afainst
And honestly Kanye do you think Dr Martin Luther King Jr would agree with your views on trump with everything he and Robert Kennedy were fighting for and fighting again in the 1960s and you support someone who wants to take democracy away I don't understand
I met Hawk at a pro-Trump rally, he came to protest but was eventually invited up on stage. Gave a great speech and is a great guy!
