Love and light

Beautiful starseed
You are beautiful also... I love your loving energy... 
I love you too @StaceyP17 my tribe
Family
truth is objective Ye
The fact that I disagree with that controversial statement means truth is subjective.
an opinion is not truth
You've given two opinions so far
Liberals of America, no matter what you say or do, marriage is between one man and one woman. God does not recognize two men or two women. But, you have the right here in America to marry whom you please. Just don't expect God to except perversion, because He wont.
No matter what you say or do, marriage is a man-made, societal contruct. #Fact Furthermore, you have absolutely no epistemological basis to make such a claim. #Fact
The Great JuJu on the Mountain only talks to me....#AlternativeFact
Please use your money and help 9 billions of Brazilian iCarlers and bring iCarly to Brazil

Do you know what subjective means, sir?
truth is not subjective
truth is not subjective.
Buy Anna Wintour on iTunes
“Truth is subjective” -- not sure about that one
Love is pretty powerful, it’s what makes a Subaru... A Subaru.
Nothing about truth is subjective smh
Truth is only subjective if you're not really paying attention. 

More love might make the world a better place. Pretending Trump isn't a major antagonist to this "loving world" suggests you need to spend less time counting your money.  

Good luck with your new record.

Truth is not subjective
Just don't jump off a building thinking you're invincible!!
But, I thought you were so tolerant and inclusive, Perez?? Guess it’s only with people that have the same deranged mindset. 
With MONEY your invincible. If you were any other average Black male American you would have to also live in fear each and everyday
Um truth isnt subjective bud but good try
Had me on almost everything until you said "truth is subjective" that's where we disagree.
Truth is incredibly objective. What are you on?
Ik mag jou echt niet
Ik denk dat dit je Magnum opus is.. 
Truth isn't subjective. Don't give in to the cultural Marxists, Kanye; you're better than that!
there is objective Truth. the Way, the Truth, and the Life —> Jesus Christ.
#TruthandFreedom #WeThePeople #WRWY  #KAG #MAGA 
#QAnon #WWG1WGA #ForGodAndCountryAndWorld  
  #AprilShowers #MakeItRain  #Pray #ThursdayThoughts
#TrustThePlan #PeaceIsThePlan #GreatAwakening
RT if kanye god
This is the most beautiful tweet I’ve heard in a long time. People will not like you because you’re happy because you found peace because they haven’t I’m sure you’ll agree it’s a lot better living this way and you keep doing what you do 
Your description of chaos & disorder is manmade “Hegelian Dialectic” at it’s manipulating finest.
@BreneBrown expresses this concept in her book Daring Greatly: https://amzn.to/2Hu4ARN 
Truth is not subjective. Truth=Facts. Wake up!
"Truth is subjective" well isn't that an objective statement?
yes, therefor truth is objective
Please note: truth is just that....truth. Spin on it is subjective

Truth is not subjective! There must be a standard to live by otherwise life is a crapshoot! Jesus is the ONLY "religious" being to claim HE IS TRUTH 

Kanye,could explain to people what real love is? I think many screwed up people out there must have a different definition of love, because I don’t understand why there is so much evil in the world.Some people may be creating their own sick definitions these days.

u right but i’ma pretend i didn’t see you supporting trump
Amen bro
Get some sleep buddy.
No
Love you bro
Love you too bro
Truth is specifically not subjective
God is love
Truth is NOT fucking subjective.
Yeah I don’t entirely agree with what he said regarding truth. That opens a Pandoras’ box of a lot of philosophical debate regarding subjective and objective truth. There’s clearly OBJECTIVE truth. That’s the hard to swallow red pill truth. I liked what he said about love tho.
I would like for what he said about love to be true in the literal sense. Unfortunately, it isn;t the case.
I believe we all have that hope that love is and could be as powerful as made out to be in stories and art. But it’s crucial to be realistic. Reality and life in general can be cruel and unfair. Thats why we need to be mentally and spiritually strong. That’s an objective truth.
I meant "With love I am invincible." My gf and I share a deep, long, love. But I can't bounce bullets off my chest. I wish I could though.
Same here man.
Can we hangout I’ll listen to you talk all day
if truth is subjective, nothing else you said is true... see the flaw?
That is only obvious to those who know the truth.
Yes Love is most powerful. BUT Truth is NOT subjective. Its objective and always will be. For example, some cultures say child brides and procreating with you family members is OK. Its NOT. Not even for them, they are wrong whether they like it or now. Objective.
damn,spelling errors, but you get me.
HOPE FAITH LOVE but the greatest of them all is love. #OneLove but we don't practice it.
What the actual fuck are you talking about?? Do you not realize that you have a huge platform and you just tweeted "truth is subjective"? And for somebody who loves love so much, it's amazing how you can support someone who is the antithesis of love
Loves in need of love today
@TLJHuntington this is me today in class
That you are the Dragons you know not what LoVe is . 

@POTUS

I love you!
I LOVE YOUR SPIRIT 
That’s because Kanye, God IS Love
God is Love.
People + Diversity x understanding = Love
Beautifully said!!!
Trust without Love, can be won, but Love without Trust, can't be done.
*With
Truth is objective tho
Legend
Good lesson learned in Harry Potter
"bliss unheard of in Christ chosen to divert us from murder incited inside us a riot, resides a light brighter than anything ever seen, a writer with plenty sting, many dream, though never let those thoughts grow into fruition"
Please, if anyone out there is in a position to provide help, we could absolutely use it.  Right now we are having to live separate while I try and sell all my woodworking machines to have enough to find another place, she can't come back, mold is bad.
I am asking for help because we have no one else to turn to.  If you could please RE-TWEET and share with your family and friends and help us get through this incredibly tough time if nothing else just to warn of the EXTREME DANGERS OF MOLD IN YOUR HOME…
Well, I don't know if truth is subjective, but I'm with you.
The word love is powerful, if you show your love
Write a song man.
Love is the most important force... behind fear 
I want love your sweet
I caught the typo  “invisible”
Truth is literally not subjective
Retweet if kanye has made a big impact in your life with his tweets lately 
The irony of this claim lol #objectivism 
Sarkodie and kanye chose one
Shits actually true
Love is Love Hire Stash. Yeezy/NYC.
T r u t h 
How can truth be subjective? Wouldn't that require a redefinition of the word "truth"?

You  might agree, let's redefine. But what if "truth" is a Platonic ideal,  beyond definition? What if Truth is actually a reflection of an ideal  found in God, the Author of Truth itself?
Best 
love is worth more than anything.
Truth is not subjective
John 1 - Jesus was full of grace & full of truth. Not full of his truth, by full of The truth. About life, purpose, right thinking and acting. Living truth-full in a truth-empty and confused world is possible! We’re hitting it again this Sunday at @RUNStudentsBlt
the US president you stand for blew 59 misiles on the Syrian ground. How lovely

WòÓrd - Y. M.
Majority feel threatened when you show them love, people feel uncomfortable when someone shows them love without expectation. People aren’t used to love anymore, kindness and generosity
#TruthandFreedom #WeThePeople #WRWY  #KAG #MAGA 
#QAnon #WWG1WGA #ForGodAndCountryAndWorld  
  #AprilShowers #MakeItRain  #Pray #ThursdayThoughts
#TrustThePlan #PeaceIsThePlan #GreatAwakening
Truth is not subjective. That's why it's called truth.
I feel like what he means by this is that most essentially, truth is not just a matter of discovering objective facts. While objective facts are important, there is a second and more crucial element of truth, which involves how one relates oneself to those matters of fact.
I LOVE YOU, Kanye 
I usually reserve this comment for my favourite footballers ..... 
STOP TALKING PLEASE

How is truth (that which is in accordance with fact/reality) subjective (influenced/based on opinion)? Perspective (a view or prospect) is one thing, the truth is another. I don't understand how stating that emphasises the power of love either...
Kanye, wouldn't that statement be subjective in and of itself?
It’s good your family loves you because no one else does. Oh and what little career you had is completely gone. Smart.
Is gravity love, cuz I thought that was the most powerful force in the universe (except for black matter).
I’m not quite sure. By definition, can there not only be one truth, as truth reflects reality?
If you think liberals will show you love you might wanna up your security for your family and yourself.
Why haven’t you made clear what you love about him and what you don’t. You are purposely being ambiguous so you can attract a larger fan base which is quiet disgusting in my opinion. It shows a lack of integrity.
C'est bon ferme ta gueule frère, tu nous parles que quand t'as un truc a vendre c bon mets tes quechua a 500€ et bouge.

So true. One day I hope I'll find someone who'll love me as much as Kanye loves Kanye.
Lol Twitter CEO liking a tweet saying "truth is subjective"
But truth is objective, and there is no true love without it. The world needs the truth if it is to become capable of love.
“And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.”
1 Corinthians 13:13 NIV
HMU if you want to learn how to grow hemp as agricultural cash crop. We can use the fibers for some of your clothing. Guaranteed multi-billion dollar industry in the next few years.
Love is found through absolute truth
Agree.
with love I am invincible. Truth is subjective but love is the most powerful force in the world and the world needs to express more of it. TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Facts...
That’s all still subjective bruh
Anything that is subjective can't be true.
@JColeNC @ all the hatersssss
I AM THE NEXT KANYE @kanyewest http://youtube.com/watch?v=Pl8ZVf … 
Truth is not subjective. Perception of Truth is subjective.

Truth is not subjective, it is absolute.... what one perceives to be reality is subjective, though it may not be true
this is why we use labels so you know what the other person believes, a shared reality my friend.
If what youre saying is true, take the 4 minutes and listen so we can make history once again. I can see them trembling now, and we haven’t even sat down yet. Call me 2108310744. I’m ready.
Truth and subjective damn near oxymorons.
Truth. Like actual truth, not our limited perceptions. Inherently cannot be subjective.
Love is like a switch you activate. But that switch is activated in other person you love. And A LOT of people don't find that love. Life's random. World's random. We might never be happy.
Marie's interlude
Love brings around unity and we all need to unite for our unity! 
..... I just want to be president! You wish has been granted.
God is love and the world can not express it if he does not have it ...
If love is invincible, why don't you smile?
low-brow thoughts
Hush up
Right my freind
Truth is like a bow and arrow, Love is the understanding and awareness to aim it in the correct direction.
Why you always gotta start some shit Kanye damn lil instigator.. 
Amen.Firstly love for GOD and then for your neighbour and even your enemy.GOD is love and JESUS came to give expression to GOD'S commandments in one word namely LOVE for all.Halleluja.Praise GOD through JESUS.
Well said
Says the white man who supports one of the most vile, negative people in the Western Hemisphere. FOH Kanye Kardashian.
Why is Lil B retweeting this?? TOO MUCH OF ANYTHING IS BAD. even love.
Love this
God is Love!
You cannot express love if you don’t know how to feed love to self FIRST.
Truth isnt subjective thats why its the truth. Stop putting out vague pretentious tweets dingus
You'll need that love homie cause these black folks out here mad af... not me of course, that's your business 
True
Thee ACTUAL TRUTH... is NOT SUBJECTIVE!!! It’s OBJECTIVE. People’s PERCEPTION of the TRUTH is SUBJECTIVE. In other words what one may PERCEIVE as the TRUTH. What we perceive is not always fact... making it not always the truth... however, YOUR PERCEPTION makes it  YOUR TRUTH.
Huh? If truth is subjective then your point about love has no merit.
True
So true Kanye, the world would be a better place!!

So your saying that love will stop a bullet from penetating your skin, and a missile from destroying your home
*You’re
It's kinda strange that Harry styles unfollowed you, judging by your tweets talking about love, you'd think he wouldn't unfollow you.
Jesus christ is prefect love brother :)
Amen.
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
The only love you know is conceited self love. You lost your way. You will never criticize trump 
bc you is afraid of him
@kanyewest Now switch up the words love and truth in this statement and you’re on point.
I can't wait to see the expression on your face when you disappoint trump and he insults you and your family.. but you still kiss his ass. 
Real truth is the opposite of subjective
In the name of love, one came in the name of love! Want more in the name of love...
We all appreciated what Joy Villa did.  Then she soured...
What does love mean?
I disagree.Truth is or it isn't. Love is fleeting and should be. Love those who love back, are honest have integrity. Don't love the liar, thief, haters who want to supress free speak when it doesn't meet their agenda. Eyes wide open, see who loves U!
doesn’t mean forget what has been done to us
Truth is not subjective. If truth is subjective there is no truth, just postmodernism and hopelessness
Truth is God. God is Love. Love is the truth.
Truth can’t be subjective if truth is subjective.
You are there little puppet. Go make Trump a sandwich slave.
When I said truth is subjective, people thought I was tripping lol.
OMG you are making my day with all these stupid tweets, like all of a sudden you are political and "love" everyone!  You seriously need to be committed!
No it's the strong nuclear force
Is it the TRUTH  that "love is the most powerful force in the world" or is that TRUTH subjective?
You are really a great guy!  Best of luck with your family & all you do!
*truth is not subjective*
Ya - God is  Love!
@kanyewest reading your tweets backwards for some reason works better, topics are addressed from bs & rant-ness to more sensible.
Truth is not subjective...

I think these "alternative facts" are getting to your head
1 Corinthians 13. Love never fails.
“Such love has no fear, because perfect love expels all fear. If we are afraid, it is for fear of punishment, and this shows that we have not fully experienced his perfect love.”
1 John 4:18 NLT
Truth can't be subjective. Opinions can be subjective but not truth. Something true is a fact and as you know a fact is consistent when verified. Since you know Trump personally you might like him but his policies at Target in communities like Chicago not helping. That's a fact
Imagine if everyone stopped hating on people and started loving on people? We would change cities, states, communities, the universe.
Tupac always said, "Fear is Stronger than Love" however, I agree...Love is Stronger! #hiphopnews
To love is inspiration. Inspiration draws curiosity. And in curiosity understanding of the world around us. Understanding is love
Ain’t gravity what keeps everything together in the damn universe?
Love Is Truth
The prophet of my generation has finally arrived.
"truth is subjective"
Love.
Love is Truth.
Is it true that truth is subjective?
I disagree with this statement, but I would fight to the death for the man's right to say it.
real
MLK
God IS Love, @kanyewest! 
Agreed 
That's my name
