We all should think we are the greatest though. We can all be "great" but we must think we're the "greatest".
Having "ego" is not a bad thing. That just means you are confident in that what you do. Some of the greatest people have big egos. Look at Trump.
When you innovate and do great stuff, you can have an ego and think you're the greatest. Period. Everyone should be their own biggest fan and think that THEY are the greatest thing out there. Period.
You really have to reply to every single Kanye tweet?
That's what Twitter is for.
I guess so lol


So are you gonna apologize to @taylorswift13?
She gonna apologize to him and Kim?
For what??
For what?? 2x
nudessss for everyoneee who likeessss
MAGA
who wants a bitcoin??
they said ima be broke asf..

Thots
Even me Kanye? Even me?

wow
Even u
wow
I'm a great artist 

I’d like to update this :you are in fact the greatest artist
No he’s not and he’s far from it
Okay but your opinion on my tweet is irrelevant so bye
You know who’s smart and a free thinker?  Colin Kaepernick - look him up.
I'm sure he has, seems like someone Kanye would like
In d€n Hills von C@l@b@s@s wächst fri$ches Ottich

No we aren't, creativity is measurable and linked to the personality trait of "openness", which is mainly influenced by genetics. Go ahead and take a "Big 5 personality test", it would explain your whole career.
I work in LA in the industry. I have worked for celebs and all sorts of people (formerly in Chicago where I'm from). EGO can ruin you (ask a certain Smashing Pumpkin). Read: Assholes, a Theory by Aaron James (a philosophy professor). Let's talk philosophy
When is this interview dropping thoughhhhhh?
I think he’s referring to his older interview with @cthagod not a new one
But there’s an interview they did when they met up that Kanye said people wanted to buy. So idk if he’s like hinting at that

It’s released
Bro I peeped lmao! Crazy how this literally came the NEXT day lol
Lmaooo I know
Please don't drop your ego, your big ego was great.
Nah you’re the greatest
"Demi-God" is what you said @Oprah
i think we’re ALL great artists

@UnbloomMusic this man is all over the place
I’ve never seen him recant a statement before.

ReKantye West?
Haha I feel like withdrawn statements, contradictions and hypocrisy are inevitable...

Especially when it comes to people who have the world watching
You innovate x

shut up I’m tryna get Snkrs pass

You'd hit it, and you know it.
Kanye sheaths the sword of humility.

Even me?
“We’re all great. I’m the greatest”. It’s really not shocking that Kanye relates to Trump’s extreme narcissism
“I am the greatest of all time.” —Muhammad Ali
You said what you said. Yes you are the greatest artist ever. Did you lie? Nope!
yeah we all great, but you the greatest; math checks out. Q.E.D.

one for the money
three to meet a muffukkah name snoop
This is an inclusive comment that is based on fear.
"In a perfect world there would be no art. The audience would be the artists & their life would be art."-#GlennGould
You're right. Everyone is an artist in some way or another. We all have our strengths and weaknesses, and our individual talents. Fame is a fleeting and fickle thing. What you have in your heart lasts forever.
KANYE DM ME PLEASE TRUST 
Artists became great when they were dead most of time ......
Steven Jobs is dead, Picasso is dead, who alive can be compared to Kanye?
Well not a lot except a crazy Man as Trump
You talking like you released the interview
You are the greatest
Maga!
Your whole shtick is ego.  That worked for Prince because it was tempered with inherent humility.  I can't get behind your version of it.
Prince was a genius. Period.
No. No you are not.

RELEASE THE DAMN INTERVIEW
My dog is great too. This reminds me of the SNL skit, “deep thoughts”. The joke is they ain’t so deep. Kanye read a book.


Naw, @reece_youngking and @MrCashTime from South Africa are the greatest, but you're pretty close.


If you haven’t heard Rari by @iamzer0official and @iamKingLos yet you have to it’s  http://smarturl.it/zwiv70  

herkes great se bile sen greatest sin reyiz, hicbir seyi degistirmez...
You are the greatest artist.
Bruh stop tweeting
nah chill, u were right the first time
if everyone's on an equal playing field and everyone should feel free to be inspired and inspire, do you not think it's hypocritical that people representing you take down videos that dare to even just use a sample you did, not even your own music, in a transformative way?
My hero
Who wrote this for you
Do u ever say something that is not ego driven? like... for real 
you also said scoopity whoop poop
Yup. Cause it's all about  you. I work with a guy like you. He talks positively about himself all the time and negatively about others most of the time. Only he is great.
Low self esteem disguised as ego. But do enlightened us all brother.

Humility can go a long way.
Some more than others, however
thanks Kanye

I'm the funniest guy I know, but we're all funny
You’re not a great artist. You nick other people’s art and rap over it. Do you play an instrument?

Just like how God doesn’t necessarily love us equally, but He loves us uniquely.
#FreeRaif

Ok
Lmao why’d you tag me in this?
Cuz he said that I’m supposed to change my views on him?
Wakanye forever
show my nibba respek
You are an absolute idiot. Please stop breeding! The greatest artist? Please, step down. You will never be as big at the Beatles, 4 people that actually changed the music scene
Everything you say is ego driven.
Thank you @kanyewest! I watched the whole interview & saw the authenticity and divinity from you both. Except that statement was a retreat...so praising the perception shift and honesty! Love Light Us! 
this one's malfunctioning boys

I'm not.
So free thinking is saying whatever you want no matter who it hurts you have to just vent right?  Is that the definition of Free Thinking?  I'm asking. Yanno, slavery was an idea. I'm sure someone who master minded 911 had a great idea too.
@kanyewest in your interview with @cthagod you mention feeling 'even people trying to kill you aren't your enemy'.  

At the very core of this intuition, you're on to something. Anyone who deploys 'unconditional empathy' would conclude the same. (My book expands on this).
Cool of you to correct your statement. People have no idea how stressful it is to be interviewed and have all of your words parsed later.
Listen to Fly Away [Prod by Scar] by Jay Jones #np on #SoundCloud

JayZ, J. Cole, Dr. Dre, DMX, TuPac, Snoop, shit even drake are all greater then you. You’re great but not no where near them. The only you got going for you is your Super Popular Wife Kim and your brand(Yeezy).
Taylor is greatest
#humility
Yes we are! We’ve all been conditioned to believe we aren’t.
Shut up mate you are so weird
we are all the greatest artist Mr kanye
World  greatest, nobody go against
Did you goof again? Or has maturity caught up to your ego from errors past?
@kanyewest you by far one of the greatest 
no need to correct anything, you ARE the greatest
I agree. Every action we make every second of our lives is art. love, noah
I hope what you are showing us is really who you are — skeptical

Kanye, you have a right to think of yourself as being great....Look at where you are in life!  Not everyone can/have attained your success or wealth; hence, you deserve to pat yourself on the back - and let your wife express her love for you!
#GRINGO
Don't apologize. Charlalmagne calls himself, "Tha God," like a pile of other rappers. That seems a bit egotistical, and blasphemous to me. "It sounded cool," is not an excuse. Pay it all...no mind.
I'll never buy an album or even enjoy listening to one, but kudos on the free-thinking 
Lmao
Kanye please share this. Some of your friends are turning on you because you think for yourself. The Democrats have been using the black vote for a long time ,finally people are waking. Now the Democrats  bring in more illegal aliens to replace people that think for themselves
Thank you for clarifying! "Artists," which you are not and similar to the others out there right now. You are also not a rapper; early in your career you were both an artist and a rapper. You're entertainers, you don't create art anymore. You are all "great entertainers." Love.
You have an ego? Who knew?
You have some Russians.

What has trump done for the blacks?
Recognizing ego… not bad 
Unfollowed
GOOD MAN MY HOMIE KANYE..!!!! HE LOVES EVERYBODY IN THE  EVEN DEMOCRATS..!!
Being humble is one of the best virtues a person can achieve.
Be safe my friend
it’s okay to have ego, when you know you are somewhat right 
Art can be so much more. That’s the beauty of art. It’s expressive, communicative, and most importantly - allows for freedom of creativity! 
that’s not true, and you know it. Stop the “we are all equal” nonsense; we aren’t. I certainly can’t consider myself on the same level, as you, because I am not. That’s the truth
You’re annoying as hell bro.
We are all great artists. I said something ego driven in the Charlamagne interview that I'd like to update. I said I was the greatest artist but we're all great artists. TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 

Donald Trump is our supreme leader. 

Sikeeeeeeeee

Jk

He still is our supreme leader
TAKE HIS PHONE AWAYYYY @KimKardashian

What if Kanye made a song about Kanye Called "I Miss The Old Kanye"? 

Man, that'd be so Kanye
where it at doe
Nah you were right

Horse face fucker Michelle Wolf needs to go back to her abortion clinic gig.
hire me

We are all great. But you're the greatest. 
Well, I mean @WayneGretzky is the greatest 
You're checking your tho. Bravo.
Says someone who took credit for Taylor’s success...



I feel like the world is a better place when you tweet, when you communicate with us. You're awesome bro. 
You've ALWAYS been a game changer , real , honest, open, saying what EVERY OTHER ARTIST was & is afraid to say since 2 Pac to John Lennon.

THANK U for always inspiring me from College Dropout, Late Registration , 808S , Beautiful Fantasy , YEEZUS to PABLO. That I could be MYSELF

Herbert von Karajan was a great artist. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvLLkoUaBEs … So was Ludwig von Beethoven. This video proves it.

Don’t feel bad I said I was smart (once) 
@edwinxdiaz lol
Or women. You have two daughters now. Lifting others by slamming our first Black president? What are you an Aryan now?

@entropimarnorte
Let others praise u & not u yourself that’s the definition of a true great artist glorification of self is nothing but pride emboldened by insecurity God is the greatest in everything
You're a bit too silly to be considered 'great'.
I once made a killer sandwich.
Be a guest on @seanhannity . Make heads explode. 
You didn’t lie tho
I wouldn't say great artist u use to be a great producer though . #BlackLivesMatter
someone took his humble pill this morning
DROP MY EGO AND CONFIDENCE WAS MY LAST RESORT
Might as well dead that interview if you have a change of heart on certain topics of this magnitude. We need to know what's in your head today as it is right now. Not last week. @cthagod
can we see it?
Thanks Ye.

Keep Asking!
No, YEs
Explain.

A point of view is
A puzzle piece pixel
The more You have
The more U C
(The more He has
The more Ye sees)

Keep Asking!
No1'$ Your
Enemy.

Keep Asking!
Never Yield,
Ever.

JOIN THE CONVO! On Ep.47 #YoungBlackAndBroke We discuss #MEEKMILL, Defining a Friend, Why Men (NOT BLACK MEN) Cheat?, Do you Forgive?, Difference in Friends & BEST Friends, DEAL Breakers in Relations…
You are the greatest artist though
https://youtu.be/GZceMpHng0Y  
Get out of here and take your MAGA cap with you.


Peace

Horse face fucker Michelle Wolf needs to go back to her abortion clinic gig.
Music Lyrics have become so EVIL. 
Who are the Artists who are going to be part of the New Light. THE LIGHT OF GOD. 
GOD  wants to Dance and Sing again. 
Thank You Kayne for being part of the New Light. ARTIST ARE YOU NEXT?

Those who do not changed will soon be forgotten.
I think there are many artists that have made better stuff that you to be honest
Kanye the "expressor" vs the "expression" 
One is ego driven. The other is objective. It is between these two states that you flow.
Consider you exist as a trifecta.
You me and us. I think it will help clarify your state of mind at times. Cheers.
Is that an apology
Nah, you spoke accurately.
Very humble of you Kanye. (Even though you're "ego" was correct!) You're a genius and inspiration to do many. Thank you for always staying true to who you are. Keep spreading love, compassion, and positivity to the world around you. God bless!
Humble
Maybe we should correct it even further everybody is a great artist except me. That's what you should have written or said
Lmao Mr.Hypocritical strikes again
Children of God. Aka Godlike. We ALL are so lost. So ignorant. So spiritually devoid. But the ones worth saving, we TRY. I SEE U YE. AND ILY. My family are at least 4 diff races ik of. This life isn't about race. It's about out spirit n reaching that next level of evolution 
Kanye... You know what. I think, like myself and most ppl in the world esp Americans, you was not only niaeve but much less spiritual. Fact is, and I dare someone to prove me wrong, life HAS to include some sort of suffering. Thru that we learn humility. Thru that we grow into...
No one loves Kanye like Kanye loves kanye
Wake up mr west

Everyone is average!!! Ya!
Takes a good man to adment when he was wrong
I can’t really deny that I thought “Kanye is the king” for at least a few seconds even tho my #ego told me at that time that I felt jealousy
Dumping on the historically great black icons because you think you're more influential now. You suck. You and Trump are ignorant of history, but reap the benefits of it. You've got no respect for those who paved the way for your success. You're like the emperor with no clothes.
wow what an ego
You say a lot of things ego driven. Maybe that's why you have zero street cred with me. You are so full of yourself, you feed on your followers who tell you that you are that great. You ought to pick up some books & read about humility of great people, something you really need.
U r mentally ill
That’s because EGO drives you... you feel better when tame that ego. Downfall of many
Nuff love Brother 
FALSE PROPHET!!
my father is a greater artist than you
Stick to “I’m the greatest artist.” Someone has to be on top and it must as well be you, Ye.
Man you re such a great inspiration, it would bring me so much joy in my life knowing you spared two minutes of your time and give this a listen https://youtu.be/rwn3rEYhKHc            i really hope this gets to you, much love
Bitch I’m Madonna
Very magnanimous of you my friend

One great artist lookin up to another I’m humble 

I loves your retrospect on your words. It takes humility to update or correct thoughts and words you set forth in the universe.  Although we are not perfect making sure you are clear and take into consideration your audience and listeners means more than you know.
Get checked coocoo
Lol you said it outright cause that's how you really feel about yourself. You're the greatest artist and you deserve to feel this way, you kept telling yourself you're the greatest and see where you are today. Your tweets have thought me a lot. You're what your mind thinks of you
Sorry i can't draw that well
