nice #donotcensorkanyewest
there is NO safe future. all r mkultr'd, forced puppets to perpetuate satanic symbolism, pedoism, sex, violence, nudity- just LOOK A-round.
I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)
You should do something with a sopranist called Radu Marian.
You do realize you’re being used as a prop right? White supremacy in front of your pathetic, ignorant face... you are a disgusting POS...
Uh oh, liberals getting out the whips! Better keep them colored people, *ahem* I mean People of Color on the plantation. That's the proper control word you use to lump them all together, right?
Khanyi Just drop the album
Is it dope?
Does the future include rappers “mumbling” still, on most tracks 
i’d do anything to hear this conversation!!!!! oh my goodness
If u made music...lol

The future of music is tokenization Kanye.

You have to decentralize the industry. You have to give power back to the people.
@APompliano I've ever liked your posts... but why are you stalkering  @kanyewest? 
Perhaps not in the masterplan... but I would be glad if I could join it too 
Idk man seems like there are people bigger that can actually change the music industry.. Many ain't gon listen to u no more.
@kanyewest let me join my dude!
Hey Kenya, did you hear this great song with you in the lyrics?  It’s called, I Want it Like That, written & sung by Dylan Gardner.  He hopes it gets on the radio.  Like your tweets!  Diana Arendt
DYLAN GARDNER is the future of music now! Dare you to check him out
You haven’t come up with anything good since 2010, maybe I’ll give you 2011. You used to have amazing music. You used to make art like the Runaway video.  I hope you lose whatever is clouding your mind and get back to making art.
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
I would like to see you collaborate with KRS1 and possibly Immortal Technique!?
and bring in @1KlintBeastWooD fresh new producer..he is a millionaire waiting to happen
Invite me to the next meeting. 
#fwm cuz #ROYLEE #APESHIT is da future of #hiphop #culture NEED SUMBODY TO LISTEN LIKE U N DA FASHION INDUSRTY RS
GHOST.  https://soundcloud.com/user-545588416   @OlivierNusse @luciangrange Ready to change the future of music.  Let's do this.
Did you just take a shit? You need to tweet about that too!
Lololol he just took a Perez
This music better be good for all the damn trolling you doing. You better gimme another Late Registration. Shits ridiculous
He's not trolling
I don't think he is.. I just got to believe he is
I know Lucian & Michelle too. Her cell ends in 6000. I know @Eminem since before he was famous. And Snoop, Daz, Hittman, J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League & major producers. Does the Illuminati exist?
@kanyewest you must’ve been talking about me

George Bush hates black people.

Kanye West loves Donald Trump.

Got it.
i suggest you stop tweeting cause you just lost 9.2 million followers in a split second.
No he didn’t. Twitter has been glitching.
twitter ain’t glitching at all. get a better upgrade
Every thread about this has people calling it out on it glitching. Try not being so dense

he got what he deserved 

hmmm ok
Once again. I don’t think either is an accurate number ATM... but there’s a reason people are seeing 16 mil like the girl posted, then you posted 18 mil, and other people are posting 20-28mil. All I’m saying is it’s glitching and not an accurate, hence the difference
The music industry needs to be free from signing your SOUL away.....set them free! WWG1WGA
Please listen to Dimash, Kanye. He is a GREAT singer!
Great news.
#LOVE
Oliver has diarrhea, I'm afraid he can't make it
Ariana Grande is the future, bye
Lucian!! That’s my kids name 
Have some cool brand names for sale for platform/label. http://Crowdies.com , Szlim•com, Keystoners•com, etc Lots of others. Hit me up. PM
Real music, not what is told or dictated, hopefully.
Wish you could bring in nash
"future music industry"  Assumption not in fact.
And Colby, but you all not heard anything like it. Err I mean you might like it, helps me put back the demons I fight with.
We need artist development.
Damn so can we say that Kayne is over now or what?
Kanye kardashian name dropping
Why don't you talk to artists instead?
Bring back soul!
I’m the future of music
Bring more women in
You should include Andrew Kronfeld into that meeting.
Check out great new album ALMOST REAL by singer/songwriter DYLAN GARDNER
https://youtu.be/csuBvPZQGQ8  coupedaze humble future rapper out of the #DMV
Can I be apart of the future?
Holy. Wow 
Yes white gods
Who’s Frank Bridgman?
#giantwank
Discuss me
you forgot my band man
Bring them all and get just new "FAIR USE ACT" so @google and all other digital MONKS will store and process music for the benefit of #MUSICIANS not billions of FREELOADERS.  Why your new tune coming from the car Radio has to be PIMPED by @Shazam via @youtube to FREELOADER???
Sir Lucian w/ @riozilla & @franciskeeling HAVE KILLED #musicindustry!
Under his watch #music was thrown to @YouTube/@Vevo  & @eldsjal style #streaming FURNACES
LET'S STOP CONSTRUCTION of $30B #musicbiz TOMB.
$300B of obvious to Borat #musicbusiness can feed all parties by 2030.
You talking about the future but are still beholden to the same old people who have controlled the gates and purse strings. Change the future by starting with the youth.
@LucianPiane ?
Can I sit at that table? I’m up to something..
Blockchain
What time should I be there?
Who who and who?...
What will happen?
And @thotkisser
Invest in badass, unsafe, free-thinking Rock n Roll! #BringBackRealRock!  
check out $ela #elastos a way for artists to own, distribute and profit from their work
Alex Boye?
Great job young man
I’d be more susceptible to @amirkingkhan #sorrynotsorry
How about making a new song with Willie Nelson that would shock the music industry I like your music and I like Willie Nelson's music 
Lucian... that explains it @kalexanderz
#MakeRapGreatAgain

Seriously. Do it.
And me
Can you even read music?
Same way you wanted to take over fashion , and those same white folks blocked your e dry move loosing all that money. Then your crazy started flying out even more
I want to work for you.....simple.
You trynna bet on sum new??
You might want to have a power meeting with your new BFF, DJT (AKA @potus). 
I hear he's a shrewd businessman who knows a thing or two about negotiating.
Just sayin'.
Sign me up Scotty
Bro you need to talk about your mental health you losing it again! Turn off your phone and get to a hospital!
Put all this into record
Lucifer*
Sorry for lying x
D
Say something about jews
Are they all white?
hi ye, all these names have me thinking im watching american psycho
You’re the past of the music industry. Before you turned your back on the black community for the man who tried to jail the cen park five and created the birther movement , your music has been TRASH for a while. You got ZERO to do w the future of the music industry 
I am the future.
You could clone Mozart to work with you and it wouldn't improve whatever you come up with.
Sorry. Mozart was a composer in the 18th century. His music is still performed today & unlike yours, will be for many years to come.
Just clarifying for you.
Good for you
Lucian is cool, but Lucian don’t write...Doug ain’t this tight. 
@davidjozeph ?

More white men to control an art that they don't understand. Good job bucky! I'm sure you will get a nice pat on the head and a atta-boy!
Opus or Voise. Decentralize that shit. Please invest in those platforms.
should take out Jay Z and Beyonce
We need another Big L
Your future in the industry may be nonexistent after today's rant. IJS.  But, let's see how this plays out.
Lol
Whoever reads this comment should follow me. Not for any reason at all other than you can check off "good deed for the day" off your list.
@kanyewest who are this ppl big bro ?? You need to educated us
Yo Ye I envision u doing a track w/ "Boys of Summer" as the main sample... cept it would be Kanye nasty hmu
Ye, I told you to stop mentioning me in your tweets. Gah'dammit man! How many times we gonna go thru this?! You makin me look bad. Btw, stop playin hypeman for Trump and give us back Ye of 2007/08.
Please discuss the future of this amazing triple threat that is @Tinashe
@2onTinashe
Can you bring back Motown...rap sucks.
Can we bring ME in ?! Shit I’m tired of not being noticed lol anyway new music video on my page if y’all interested  I’m an R&B singer/songwriter, check me out
J cole is better than you sellout
Let’s bring in Ryan Leslie!
Discuss this.  Does the music industry hate Black people? 
Music exec Lyor Cohen promoting n & b songs. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdrLF7gOgiM …

And this. 
List of n & b song  Rappers Murdered in 2017   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LD8AV43lXhc …

Not 1 word about killing or degrading Jews or gays. Just Blacks. Y
You're gonna make a music-based ICO, aren't you? I can smell the greed.
how big is this room he's bringing all these people together in????
IDOL WORSHIPPING IS FOR THE INFERIOR MINDED MORTALS! THE CELESTIAL ABSTRACTS & THE UNIVERSAL ARCHITECTS UNDERSTAND THEYRE OMNIPOTENCE!
Bring in Oscar Brown Jr
.... Any of them other than you black... oh wait they still need you to generate money for them while disparaging people of color out so probably not.
You must be exhausted!
And me
You don’t have any control over the music industry
Now that you've come out as a Trump supporter, you have no future in the music industry. Do you really think the deplorable rednecks who voted for Trump will buy your music?
Don't forget about @Sourjerm too RT @kanyewest I'm sitting with Lucian discussing the future of the music industry.
 I’m woke enough
The future is @musicoins
Yes absolutely
Bypass the radio. Universal head unit.
You NEED to check out blockchain projects like @choonhq - Facilitates immediate payment from the listener to the artist (allows more of a 1:1 relationship) and provides artists with itemized distribution statements transparent about the ## of streams, names of songs, + royalties
How about taking LUCIFER out of the deal? You think? That would solve EVERYTHING.
U should bring me in on it I have some ideas

Macron mentions a new “World Order” several times... and the clowns representing us in the audience CHEER?

@realDonaldTrump don’t be duped by this #Euro-Globalist 

…
I don’t know how to tell you this.  

You need me.
Just quit. You're finished.
I am the future. Please hire me
Music industry about to get a MOAB drop when the human trafficking and child enslavement laundry gets aired.
Decentralize it!
Good talk bro
Why don't you start with learning how to play and instrument or writing a song.
Please stop mumble rap
Kanye West you're boring us now  someone take his phone.
You poser
https://youtu.be/SkF9A29-b18  PLEASE CHECK IT OUT IM A PRODUCER LOOKING FOR A HUGE BLOW IN 2018 YA FEEL ME
Pray for kanye pls ppl....
Bueno lo que sea...
de paso decile a tu amigix la Rihanna fenty  que saque música nueva,ok!
Un  en la coti y hasta luego.
this is the future of the music industry
Facts
http://Takeoutshopnyc.com 
I’m here Kanye.
How can you say, "Bush Doesn't Care about Black People then Support trump?" Serious question not even trying to throw shade at you... Just want a clear understanding. Hey Can I have a full interview on this matter June 17th in Chicago?
Who’s Lucian? Is that one of the voices in your head?
Who tf is that
Play with North or something
The future of the music industry depends on everyone. Expectations are set so high but is leveled out in understanding. Make or break depends on what you can take.
@LucianTune ???
What u need to realize is u dnt make music, u make mind control programmes, so dnt worry about music, ur not actually in it, ur just a tool for satanists in their mind control programme. Maybe get back in reality, tho.
BUY ARTPOP for good grades, clear skin and beauty & ull find $500 under ur bed tonight
Watch #AStarIsBorn in theatres October 5 2018
Spoiler:  It's on the internet.


Your mother is turning over in her grave.
I got you Kanye, here’s his Twitter @davidejoseph_
Death to kanye's career
you got 19 followers, he has 18 million, he will be fine, you on the other hand... you'll stay poor forever with that mindset. Good luck!
What do all these people have in common
Rich
And lacking pigmentation
Let me follow you with a camera
You have creative control but you will vibe with us... strictly biopic, no E nightly chop ups 
lets bring in a recording artists guild into the industry
Lucian = Lucian Grainge, Universal Music Group CEO

David = CEO of UMG UK

Frank = ???

Oliver = CEO of UMG France
Frank's UMG Germany? Central Europe?

LMAO UR future is opening for Ted Nugent at the Montana State Fair.
Is it just me or does he seem a bit manic today? Someone should check on him...
Lucifer*
@daverockstar
Who would you take with the first pick in the NFL draft?
Forget about music. Nobody cares. Tell us about how much you like Trump.
I AM LEGION..... I AM...
Kanye I hope that you will drop a motherfucker classic cuz you getting crazy with trump
Yes sir
Can you ever talk about how you’ve admitted to selling your soul to the devil during a concert once?

Snapchat,Instagram she stalking me, she be lurking my Twitter’ She be stalking me!!!!!! 
