I will give $10 to everyone who likes this. (Maximum 50,000 likes)
Cash app $ TalarriaW
Kanye changed the world with a picture of a MAGA hat.
This moment is amazing. The shift is happening. It's changing. Free thought is sweeping America again. The conditioning is broken.
Are you seriously gonna reply to every tweet he posts? Go get a job in mcdonalds or something
Typical MAGA behavior lol
Yup. No one tells us what to think 
Weird Nancy...I doubt I’d ever see you comment on any of Kanye’s tweets before he said any of this stuff? Lmao since you’re such a fan tell me what JayZ song he first produced...lol
I don’t follow him. I commented on retweets.
WTG WTG WTG 
cancelled
You don't have to Republican either there are other parties besides the two that are so prevalent in America. Independent and Green Party....Canada's legislation has equal parts of all parties elected. We need something like that, because everyone has the right to be heard.
Unfollowed Kanye West *so far*...

Ariana Grande
BTS
Drake
Harry Styles
Jaden Smith
Janelle Monáe
Justin Bieber
Katy Perry
Kendrick Lamar
Lana del Rey
Nicki Minaj
Rihanna
The Weekend
Troye Sivan
Zayn Malik
They are all nobody’s!! I’m sure Kanye West doesn’t miss those karaoke singers! 
You probably didnt even know kanye before his tweet about trump. Hop off the bang wagon please
I wasn’t born yesterday. I’ve known  his music for a very long time. Liked him before Trump ever thought about becoming president. But, I do have to say I like Kanye West even more now. 

I don’t need to show you proof of anything little boy. Btw, who gets receipts anymore or even saves them? Haven’t needed receipts in years! 
Bet you couldn’t name the first track kanye worked on without googling it
Bet you used to love Kanye until he showed the world that he’s a Trump supporter.
All of the sudden the black community is waking up to the fact Dems offer nothing but empty rhetoric. Dems have been running minority communities for decades and they are overrun with drugs and crime and gangs. Dems have destroyed the black family and promote killing their babies
I get that all the time... mexican people dont have to either... #Libertarian
Hell yeah! Libertarian all the way. 
Thats what this nation needs....
hope your albums shit. BUY AND STREAM NO TEARS LEFT TO CRY  !!!!!!! 
U hurt
You're over
Never started
Tea sis
Neither do gay people. But there's a difference between being a Republican and being a Republican who has his tongue up Donald Trump's dirty asshole!!
Can I ask you a question coming from a indpendent voter. Do you know the suffering/racism POC face when they don't vote " DEM" ? the threats are great. Are you ok with this and why isn't this an issues to freedom and civic Rights activist?
I’ll just leave this here. The Republican Party is NOT the party of racist now is it the party that holds people back.  Remember we’re the party that want people to work and support themselves.
That photo is a fake. stop spreading lies. Senator Boyd called joining the kkk the greatest mistake of his life.
I'd argue that you cant apologize that away?
Uh ya I can. I’m not perfect, I make mistakes and I can admit when I’m wrong and certainly being wrong about this issue is not life or death so ya I can say “my bad, I was wrong” if others aren’t ok with that it is their problem.
I think they meant being in the kkk can't be apologized away, which is a whole other discussion, not that posting something that turns out to be faked can't be apologized away.
Oh lol. I was sure what the comment was referring to. Gets confusing sometimes.
Dude! Seriously! You gotta dice that apple and get with the now. Time for S8 bro...
Did you know that the democrats back in the 1800's were  fighting to keep slaves and President Lincoln a republican freed the slaves?
YOU BOTH ARE OVER.
I BET HE’S OVER, GOOD THINKING!
I love how every DNC voter is expecting all P.O.C to think and vote the same way.... Racist much? 
WEW LAD 
Been rocking w @kanyewest for awhile March 16 2004 I got to meet him at Burruss Hall Auditorium @VirginiaTech in Blacksburg Virginia. Special guests @Common @KillerMike and more great show crazy low 12$ for 17 rows back lol Sorry for the wear! #MAGA #Kanye #Kanye2024 #KanyeWest
Would u sell that ticket?
From his first show ever this ticket is priceless. I've entertained 10k offers already lol Care to counter anyone?
Would suggest a good mouthwash and education! Really pathetic hatred! 
ok grandpa
Now that really hurt.  I can only assume you are someone's grandchild. My sympathies to them!
ok dad
Niether do gay men.
Everyone knows this, and it's not what the controversy is about, AT ALL...

No.
it’s not about republican or Democrat... the Kanye that inspired so many that were just like him just co-signed on the fact that he’s not who he was
U got FaceTime
Damm keep up the fight!
Identity Politics is DEAD!

Both parties should be working toward a common goal!

Making our country work for ALL citizens!
SHUT UP
caralho, já chega meu
Malcolm X didn't join either party and MLK ditched both.

Fight for independent thought.
Thank you being a good American and your support of our President.
RIGHT ON POINT... and I am not one either (A Black Democrat). Free Thinking permits me to make my own choices based on the information and research I have, and not what people tell me it should be. @kanyewest

What if I told you, nobody said that you had to be. And it doesnt mean you have to automatically be a republican or a trump supporter either. Mind blown...
Yet 93% of Black voters vote Democrat. I find it hard to believe that 93% of Black people think exactly the same. Apparently, so does Kanye.
This literally has nothing to do with what I just said, and there's other factors as to why they would probably vote that way. But anyways
You said "nobody told you you had to vote Democrat". Obviously a lie since 93% of any people don't think & vote the same way.
Show me where in the black handbook it says all black people must be democrat or else. It might have something to do with the republican base and values, areas they live in, history, etc. You can be whatever the fuck you want
I agree, be whatever the fuck you want... but in order to do that, you've got to see the truth about rich liberals who rule Hollywood, Music, Media & Social Media.
Ok and...
Many conservatives wanted to be hollywood "elites" (whatever that means) and when they got rejected or didnt have the talent they would get angry lool
Actually they're blacklisted, just like Communists used to be. Ironically, Communists now run it.







That's wat they want u to think
You really do believe it deep down, but that's ok
Whose Anthony?
wyd
thinking for himself. Not letting others tell him what to think or do
Ye, charge your phone
Lol having more unread tweets than Kanye and I talk to 3 people. I gotta problem
African Americans are finally leaving the Democrates plantation
YES THEY DO!
Redpillin like a MoFo @kanyewest , keep it going, we got your back!!!

#MAGA #Qanon #DragonEnergy  @POTUS
MLK was no Democrat!!!
bro if you're Pro trump and that's your mentality..... idk bout that Kanye 2020 shit,,,, ask Kim for some level-headed advice
Kanye you don't have to be a Democrat. You are so free to voice your own political opinions. You are an Idol to me and to see you support a man who is against POC hurts. Idgaf about left or right, I do care about the human, and Trump isn't a good 1.
How is Trump against people of color.  I must be out of the loop.  Could you explain?
Aight family with love I personally feel he is against Poc’s due to: his Banning of people from certain countries that have different skin colours then white (referjng to the muslim ban) then the shit he said about Mexican ppl.
Oh hey I found what it was.  He said Mexico is sending rapists and drug dealers talking about illegal immigrants.  And 90% of cocaine comes across our border illegally and 80% of women are raped crossing the border.  So I think that's pretty not cool.  I'd probably make a fuss..
Damn, why'd you have to call me a bitch.  I was getting the sources.  Calm down.  See this is what I'm talking about.  It's twitter nigga it's twitter.  I can only type so much
U rite fam, my bad however check the other tweet.
ok hold on
Lost 9 mil
Not true.  He's been gaining followers since he reactivated his twitter.  Lost 9 mil from back before he deleted it.  I bet that made you feel better tho didn't it?
Why did he delete it?
He didn't. Ever. This is Russian propaganda. Block that nasty troll.
Huh?  Oh never mind, you have #TheResistance in your bio....I'm good
Your 40 followers good, too? #bot
lmao, u just called a real human a bot. If that doesn't prove that you're literally a sheep then I don't what does. I had to make another account because people these days will call you a bot for supporting Trump. This is my moonlight. ppl like you made me do this.  Also ur a bot
Your algorithm is triggered! These reconditioned bots are so low quality.
#MAGA is not black or white! #MAGA is red, white & blue! UNITED WE WIN!
I just need to know about the "again" part. Clear that up for me and I may consider thinking about considering joining the shift.
it's talking about being prosperous and growing again.
@mytoocents Thanks for your honestly. I'm always up for a good honest convo, I wouldn't knowingly promote racism and would never want to repeat our county's dark times. There's a lot of disinformation out there. Just trying to be concise as possible.
Black people need to be our own political party. After siding with either of the 2 major parties we’ve remained second class citizens by law. #FreeTheGuys & let’s nation build.
We need to vote our own interests.  We need to learn how to look out for ourselves not everyone else.

Taylor Swift rn
I don't think i've ever willingly, knowingly listened to one of his songs but some seem to think this is what's done before an album is released.  Good or bad publicity is still publicity... its about the $$$$ IMHO
I want you to think about your comment.  Think about the majority of Kanye's supporters - are they MAGA supporters?  Why would he say something to piss off the majority of his demo? It's not like a majority of MAGA people are going to buy his album because of his comments.
I honestly don't care-
Two months after this album comes out let's see if he's still talking like this 
Oh no! Democrats and liberals will go nuts!
They’ve been
They’ve been nuts since obama was in office. Now they’ve become even more insane because their Killary didn’t win!! MAGA
Nobody HAS to be anything, but an overwhelming % of Black voters CHOOSE to be Democrats because of what we stand for.

If you want to be Republican, that is your right, but please don't start with the rhetoric about how blacks are brainwashed. It is insulting and patronizing.


If I was black I’d never vote for the party of the KKK or the party that voted against my freedom first then my voting rights. Or the party that is the party of Margret Sanger who started planned parenthood to eliminate black babies. The list goes on for the democrat party.

HEY GUYS @SavageXFenty drops worldwide on MAY.11.2018



@chancetherapper
Ikr?! Do they not even care about the White Power sign?!
It's just the "Okay" sign ... Google it ...
The Democrats have been using us way too long.
Thank you Kanye for standing up Anne breaking those chains.
The Dems don't care about us, just want our votes!
powerful!!
Sad.....but is true!

me and my friend Anthony Schiller always ask questions about time. Is time linear? I recently did an interview where I placed a high value on time. Everything means nothing until you make it something. You are your validator.
I'm here for you during these troubled times.
This is why we voted for @realDonaldTrump 
Don't put us in a box or tell us what to think.  Ever!
#FreeThinker
#FreeThinkers win!
A member of a political party thinks she's a free thinker 
Someone who is a slave to a party or a box, I assume.
You know nothing about me. If you did, you'd probably like me.
And ASSumming I would like you too. I don't like anybody. Now eat shit
You’re a coward, endorsing trump but won’t give any reasoning on what you support.

Greatest day ever.
Q
No and never
How can you preach liberal but associate conservative??
WOKE AF! #RedPilled #MAGA
rats under same whatsapp group.
Republicans don't have to support Trump
#woke 4real!
Anthony S? @Scaramucci
I remember when Kanye said Bush don't like black people. now he don't like black people 
Move the needle Yeezy!
Lmfao dad hitting us with screenshots , you wildin
This is soooo great!!
Who's Anthony?
Why is twitter censoring this image? 
u better charge ur phone soon
Black people have to be Republicans (the party stopped slavery)! Democrats are slavery party,they still committing the soft genocide against people of color «you’re good for nothing live in your ghettos, we will give you welfare!» Bec.Defeats think that all the blacks need 
All this chi town peeps sef!
.Trump / Kanye

--> http://redpillphilosophy.com/trump-kanye-finally-someone-with-balls-2020/ …
L
L 2.0
omega L sage mode L
L to the fourth power
Kachow L
#KanyeWoke
OR REPUBLICAN! 

GO FREE THINKERS?
why you not tweeting my text??
The Democratic Party is dead
They still have Amy Schumer, Will Smith, Demi Lavano, Oprah and Eminem
Is that Fantano? I knew he was a bad influence on you
Nope its thatistheplan :/
Say yes.
@laurrrraaaaa what’s up wit Chicago rn lol?
We don’t claim the new Kanye.
Chance tho...
Didn’t run it by his team. We all make mistakes lmao

Kanye what’s ur #
No bro
I ain't going outside today white owl
An image of a mobile phone keypad causes mass triggering.
It’s sad that that is considered a brave tweet in 2018
It really is.....but it broke the internet more than those nude pics of Kim...

NO THEY DON'T THEY  CAN BE REPUBLICAN CAN GET TREATED LIKE  CRAP.
Uno u can just quote the tweet kanye
Trump is not a democrat or a republican he’s a fuckd up wanna be queens mobsta
No.
We're breaking the conditioning!
Keep your friends close!
Why are all these celebrities unfollowing you? They can’t accept free speech

Look into AP
FACTS

I bet Kanye never knew that happened....you're stupid.

Kanyeocracy
Say good bye to the Plantation!
**BREAKS SCREEN HITTING LIKE BUTTON
We'll save you near the end....
Moooooch
That's right @chancetherapper, my family is filled with #MAGA #conservatives who KNOW #BigGovtSucks! End the mammy state, stop being a victim, be a VICTOR like @CandaceO.
STOP TWEETING!
Can’t believe kanye has mental illness such a good artist he used to be
Rip in the matrix 
Is this @Scaramucci
stan mark lee from nct
Black people should NEVER be Democrats EVER!
It took us a long time to figure this shit out #longenough
Awesome
95% of Republicans ancestors enslaved blacks. U might think ur down but guess what? u will never be.
Please feature Chance in at least 1 song 
@chancetherapper
Stop texting me bruh



Kanye, this isn't how Twitter works.
Kanye/Candace 2024



During the Jazz era of the 1940s -1960s many black musicians were Republicans. This was because the Reps were agaibst Jim Crow. They were also accepting of mixed marriages while Dems were not. See drummer Louis Bellson and wife Pearl Bailey for ex.
illegal immigration effects on black employment study:  https://digitalcommons.ilr.cornell.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1025&context=briggstestimonies …
WACK
Blink twice
stop tweeting nigga
The twitter world is freaking out over an opinion on Trump, basically another wednesday
Republicans don’t have to like Trump.
Kanye please won’t you stop.
Always found it shocking that 90% blacks vote democrat...Democrats think they own them. Liberals and Democrats created a group think.
YEZZIR
GAGA RAINHA DO POP 111111111
They dont have to be Republican either...be an Independent or Libertytarian
Wow

Need an interview with @MrColionNoir STAT
@kanyewest, @POTUS I am a believer!! I do believe!! There is a God, and God Almighty has blessed you both!      #MAGA  #TrumpTrain2020 #KanyeRocks
What’s the purpose of all this my fellow Gemini
Love this day.
Epic lol.
You been taking with @theneedledrop ?

Well said @chancetherapper
WWG1WGA
That took some guts.
B A S E D
Truth bombs
Bro you're a honor man
Chance? Really? You really wanna go down this road @chancetherapper

Talked to him two days ago. He’s in a great space and not affected by folk tryna question his mental or physical health. Same Ye from the Vmas, same Ye from the telethon. https://twitter.com/oldmanebro/status/989223879041277952 …
And just being a Republican doesn’t mean you have to like and support Trump.
Omg did u really supporting homophobic president? This is weird bc your wife’s make up artist is a gay lol you get all attention you want you can stop now
Screams on sight! God is ANSWERING PRAYERS! On everything I LOVE I prayed for this! It felt lonely on the grounds, but nahhhhhhhh MINDSETS are WOKE!! HISTORY shows the BLACK CULTURE AS being REPUBLICANS!!!!! Folks, reading is FUNDAMENTAL. CAN'T believe these Jesses' or Als
IS THAT THE MOOCH?!?!?
IS IT
Working for Dr. Ben Carson's @SecretaryCarson  campaign ... I can tell you THE MOST PERSECUTED BEINGS ON THIS PLANET ... is the FREE-THINKING BLACK MAN.  IF HE DARE hold a belief not accepted by liberals-HE IS emotionally & verbally LYNCHED by liberal blacks .. Many remind quiet!
Kanye, you be you! Keep doing your thing and don’t mind the hate that you are receiving! It doesn’t matter. You have your own mind and you have the right to use it! #FreeThinker
Myth Blacks tend to lean Democrats bc they are less racist than Repubs. Wasn't it you that claimed Bush was a racist-he wasn't. He actually did more for blacks than O & certainly Trump who has done nothing. Trump taking credit for the seeds Obama planted. Sessions was intentional
Kanye this is AaronThomasNelson 7101978 sign of the cancer....7vowels 10consonants in numerology 69 is the answer....born to be to see to feel dont tell me what is and isn't real.....
Mario
Straight woke as fck
stop
