Steve Jobs is dead
Walt Disney is dead
Picasso is dead
Shakespeare is dead.
Jesus is dead
Jesus is a Black man,
No, Jesus is Batman,
No, that was Bruce Wayne.

Avicii is dead
Hahahahah. Kim trying to hold you back. You’re MAGA homie!!! Lol
You’re totally welcome to the MAGA family Kanye. We need more people like you. All we want to do is make America great again for everyone and let the citizens of this country prosper. Kim not there yet but she’ll get there.
We don’t care about race or color. We care about your love for America. Kanye you got the love for America and we been knew that since you called out Bush. Bush was a globalist Soros puppet. We know that. Then we had good ole Barry. I bet Barry deleting your music right now 
Kim should be happy. She’s saving millions on those tax cuts.
L
This is probably the most like L in twitter history
Probably not but I’m proud lmao it took like a minute to reach 400 it’s wild
We understand. Even full-time Trump supporters don't agree 100%. I don't even agree with myself 100%.
Funny you probably wasn’t a fan of Kanye till this post
And how did you come to that conclusion?
lol he is the newest person she followed but I'm sure she just forgot she was a big fan before he started this
I recently added Kanye too. I am familiar with his music. I am a conservative. But most importantly, I welcome all types of people on my feed and certainly don't discriminate based on ideology. Maybe we all can make this a life lesson?
So if you’re familiar with his music and you welcome different view points why did you wait until he became obviously conservative to follow him?  keep your lessons to yourself pls and thank you
Why should he have to explain why he decided to follow an artist to you? 
Why do ppl have to explain how they came to a conclusion to you? 
thank god for kim
Is that the first time this sentence has ever been uttered?
nope i thank god for incredible business woman like kim everyday
Definitely the 1st time that has been said though!
This Caroline girl is definitely one of a kind...can't deny that
What’s wrong to admit that Kim did something right tho? She’s a great person! You may not like her personality, but she has done some good things in the past.
What did she do right? What good things? Genuine questions.
I heard good things about the sex tape. From a friend of course.
While I am not the age group for your talents, I did want to share my admiration for your recent thoughts.  It feels good to do and say what YOU want in what and who YOU believe in.  Haters gonna hate.

Yo Kanye, I don't agree with everything U say and do. To be honest, i wish I could understand U but I can't. I also wish I could love U like I did before all that bs but...! :(
THE LAST SENTENCE IS GOD-TIER KANYE PLEASE JUST KEEP GOING
Clayton I’m going to need to run some duos
You HAD to include the first sentence in this tweet?

drained of meaning.
No, it puts it in perfect context. That's why he said it.

How is this hate it’s a meme
The bots aren’t very smart

W
Racist!

Democrats' racist, sexist, fascist doctrine of intersectionality:
- every woman must be a liberal, otherwise she is not a woman
- every black, Jewish, Latino, Asian, Native American must be a liberal, otherwise they are sycophants of white supremacy!
Are you ok i tweeted a kanye meme

why would you agree with anything he does??
You are still a fool
Go away
..so ladies and gentlemen, by reason of this tweet, the world's hunger problem has been abolished. Let's all applaud.
Cuck
@CryptoDale
Kanye West, don’t let the liberal media hysteria intimidate you. The overwhelming majority of African Americans, and Americans of all races support you in your battle for freedom of thought
Stand tall: The liberal thought police cannot tolerate a black person expressing free thought, much less a white person, or person of any race who declines to spout their #FakeNews Trump and America hatred at every moment
You should be proud of yourself, and your wife should be proud of you, Kanye. Who would have thought just a week ago that the overwhelming majority of people who love freedom and tomography would be in your corner, not just hip-hop fand, but everyone?

Keep tweeting Kanye!

Pussy whipped.
I voted for Trump and I don’t agree with everything he does either.
Same
LMAO
Yes dear.  Anything you say dear.
True to oneself is all that matters at the end of the day!
Tell your wife thank you and that most black people too dont agree with what you says bcos they are not suffering from #KanyeSyndrome
Amen! That is a great way to think. I've been with my husband 21 years, 2 young kids. None of us agree on everything. That's what makes us think!!!
Free thinkers only think this way
Yeah, but “not agreeing with” is different from “willing to give him a pass on spreading hatred and suffering.” I can’t get eye to eye with you on this, man, and I have defended you ALL THE WAY up to this point. Since Late Registration. Especially since MBDTF. I don’t get it, man

Like when he said there’s good folks in the #KKK?
That's not true, however Hillary thought so as evidenced in her close relationship with Sen. Byrd who was actually once the head of KKK.
1. Ive yet to interact w/ one trump supporter who can defend him w/o bringing up Clinton or Obama. You all argue exactly alike.

Bryd apologized and made reparations to the black community to the point where the NAACP recognized his apology and awarded him honors

Good try though
Every time you ask a liberal a specific question. Like what exactly has Trump said or did ...that makes him a racist?  Remember securing the border is not racist. So what ya got
So does she not agree 100% or you don't?
Glad no one controls you except your wife
Kim reminded you her career is film industry adjacent I see.
Ok but which things he does do you agree with?
Why would it matter? He is entitled to his own opinion just like you are you’re own.
He can have his own opinion.but there’s a lot Trump does thatvis extremely problematic. It says a lot about someone if they agree with racist/xenophobic practices, for example. I would rather not support an artist who supported those ideologies.
Lol. You wouldn’t know racism if it hit you in the head.
Your wife had to call you and tell you that???!!!  I'm done!
why so many emojis
Because that's how I felt at the time. Also it made sense after what he wrote.
your words can’t express how you’re feeling ? but if you’re gonna use emojis , it’s a general rule to use one or two OCCASIONALLY at most  like that
2018 kanye be like
Your the type of person he tweets about... get out of the hate and step into the love
Kanye  Trump
Agreeing 100% with yourself is a huge mistake lol
This will help your new album sales!
.....and the backtracking begins.
He said the same thing in the original tweet tho
Very true Moize
If you disagree with everyone, it’s an irrelevant point that you don’t agree with Trump 100% of the time.
#BoycottKanyeWest
Free thinker!!!
Hahaha bc she cared ab the media and what Twitter thinks of you. Twitter is full of liberals. The real world isn’t as awful as twitter is obvi bc trump turned out as president! Lmao. #MAGA
lmao Kanye on the phone
Majority of blacks will never help Kanye enable Treason Trump, a birther who attacks black athletes' free speech civil rights protests, praises Nazi torch bearers, tweets fake crime stats smearing blacks, and was sued twice by a GOP DOJ for racist rental policies. Shame on him
Two sides. There were dozens of  white ppl at Charlottesville not a part of the white supremacists’ march. Average joe, middle class ppl who didn’t want the statue down because it’s history, always been there, etc.  They weren’t there to march and didn’t. Just there to rue.
For the millionth time--statues honor and commemorate.  Books and museums are "history".  This argument is dumb.  Note that you're talking about a rally where a white supremacist murdered on of these "average (Jane) middle class ppl".
Too late. Actions speak louder than words !
Does this mean you don't 100% agree with your wife telling you to post this?
what kinda dumbass question is this
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS
mY wIfE jUsT cAlLeD aNd ShE wAnTeD mE tO mAkE tHiS cLeAr To EvErYoNe. I dOn’T aGrEe WiTh EvErYtHiNg TrUmP dOeS. i DoN’t AgReE 1o0% wItH aNyOnE bUt MySeLf.
I feel a bit sorry for anyone who agrees 100% with Kanye West...
Hey Kanye,

This is what makes us HUMAN.
You don't even agree 100% with your wife? 
Hahahaha.   You suck
I feel like this must be a publicity stunt. Donald Trump is trash all 360°
Will he ever go away?!?!?!
Who the hell cares at this point, jeeezzz
Not introspective,eh?
Too late you are already confirmed as a counterpart of the Donald allegoallinsane team
Do you have to ask her if you’re allowed to go out for a bevy as well?
You needed your wife to tell you that?
And now we will observe how much tolerance the left actually has.
Your wife is trying to save your career, which by now you should know everything trump touhes, crashes and burns. Wake up, it is almost too late for you!
I doubt he cares much about people who would turn on him so viciously for having free thought. Think about that - FREE THOUGHT. That is what he is arguing here. No one should have the power to shame someone into thinking as they do.

False prophet
Those tax breaks were pretty sweet though, weren't they? Makes it easier to ignore all the hurt.
Ray J hit it first
@CoachTheDON remember what I said about Kim and Ye on Monday.
Yeah that's really his ride-or-die niggas can't hate on that
Proof your ride or die ain’t always healthy for you lls
How is that proof that they aren’t healthy for each other?
Has Kanye seem mentally stable since being with Kim? I mean downgrade in music, opiate addiction, this Trump shit, the more than unusual outbursts. I could be wrong but son just been weirder since marrying her
Idk blaming her for his “downfall” is reaching. He’s not even falling he’s just not what WE want him to be. He’s happy, let him live his life.
...but that’s the thing. We believe he’s happy but shit like that, especially after already having a breakdown, is easy to hit. Believe me
At the end of the day we can believe whatever we want to believe we will never know what it truly is.
Time to throw away the race cards! They expired when The Human Genome Project PROVED THAT THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS RACE! 
I for one, am not going to check the “race” box that my face matches. I am tired of my government telling me who I am. They don’t know!
We are all human, does not matter what our skin colour is. I'm sick to death of labels and identity politics.
Exactly!
he's chatting shit here @NakliRedHead, see the rest of his TL. He did a photo with a MAGA hat and was happy to see Trump RT him.
I knowwwww. I am here only for the drama soooooooo
Reply to my WA first
Do U honestly think @realDonaldTrump gived a damn about you? Come on #Kanye you can't be serious.  He cares about himself and making his money that's it.  Not sure why @KimKardashian has 2 speak up for you. Bring back the #KanyeWest who stood for something #TheCollegeDropOut days
He obviously honestly does think that - I don't think he would be this vehement about it. DJT cares more than the "fans" and fake friends who want to shame him because he doesn't "tow the line" or think like they do. Is that friendship?
#DonaldTrump cares about him and their friendship right that must be it lol have you ever heard this Guy speak? He's about his Money and he's about himself. #KanyeWest will see his true colors soon.  #POTUS lies about everything and when he gets caught it's #FakeNews he's a Snake
They have actually been friends a long time. Kanye speaks HIS truth & he shouldn't be shamed for it. Telling someone they should tow a certain line, or think a certain way, is far more racist than anything DJT has done. I love my liberal friends - we respect each other.
my wife just called me and she wanted me to make this clear to everyone. I don't agree with anything Trump does. I don't agree 100% with anyone, even myself.
Why can't people just admit President Trump is getting the job done regardless of the tactics nessarry.  He's got more legislature signed in his first year than the past 3 presidents combined . He's came threw on campaign promises.  Not one Trump supporter can be swayed period.
don't worry. We don't care.

Woke twitter right now 
Nobody agrees with anyone 100% of the time, That would be weird. But I do believe that you have found one of the keys that will unlock the chains on mental slavery. Kudos Kanye 

I love the way Kanye West thinks.
When a man starts a sentence with, "my wife wants me to......" that opens the door to many a question. You shouldn't need instruction to know the importance of clarity.
They more Kanye tries to appease the left the harder they will push. It's just what they do.
Still nice to see somebody actually keeping it  for once...
Kim is worried because you just committed social suicide on twitter. Unfortunately for her it’s not as easy as pressing the unfollow button.
I doubt he cares much about you "social warriors" who viciously attack him for daring to speak HIS truth. Is he supposed to sit in the back and keep his mouth shut? Tow the line? That is far more racist than anything DJT has done. I have liberal AND conservative friends. Try it.
he can speak his truth all he likes, I personally couldn’t find a fuck to give. He and trump make a great pair.
You really, really shouldn't agree 100%. Really.
The fact that you even like him at all is fkn disgusting
@NickRosatti @Jay_Baldwin @alexusholton_  So let’s talk about PR
The future of black conservativism?!
If we’re lucky
The Black community should stop marching in lockstep w/the Dem Party, which does nothing for you after they’ve gotten your vote. Dump the D Party, register as an Independent & make the D’s *WORK* for your vote AND your trust. They take you for granted. #LeaveTheDemPlantation
I am so glad that you are not caving to all of the haters. I've been supporting trump since the beginning and it sad that parts of societee feels that black people must follow their script or else be attack. Keep it up I'm proud of you!
Great work @kevinellerbe32 !!

Also @kanyewest for speaking his mind.

#GreatAwakening
So how much do you agree with what he does?
What do you agree with?
His comments on Police Brutality?
His views on guns?
His statements on black athletes kneeling?
His taking away affordable health care?
What he has Devos doing on education?
Immigration crackdown?
What?!
@DanielaGutimore 
No lo sé Rick
You shouldn’t even have to say this, it should be common sense for most people.
It's depressing that there are people that actually need this explained to them. Why would anyone expect anyone else to agree 100% with another human being? The expectation of groupthink that some people push is horrifying.
Damn Kim needed to fix the brand fast!! Lol

Kindly Help me grow my clothing brand i need a silloette cutter machine,and a heat press machine both cost around $1000 my email is gratitudeclothingsa@gmail.com for anyone who wana help
Did your wife tell you to say that?

Your a real gold digger mr west
Probably start having a look at yourself as well then.
Further proof that you can't fix stupid....my god.
This entire thread is absolutely an illustration of the #DemocratProgPlantation   
OBEY or you will be destroyed.  
Thumbs up to @kanyewest @KimKardashian for just sharing their thoughts.  Agree or disagree, but cogently argue your point of view without personal attacks.
Who's your wife?
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupe
Omg Kanye I love your album college dropout sooo lit
And this my friends.. is how democrats deal with opposing opinions.  how pitiful can y'all be? Aren't y'all the ones who think people should be free to be who they are? Oh yeah.. they're only free to do what YALL feel is okay. I forgot 
I'm saddened that someone has to call you to tell you to make that clear. That's sadAF!

That gives even less confidence about the things you say. Had you left the wife part out, I wouldn't have to question if you're even fully aware of what you're saying...
He stated that when he first posted it but everyone seem to miss over it, this was his reiterating.
"My wife just called me..."

He could've left that out.
He did in his first post.. that’s my point.
I'm not responding to his first post. I'm replying to this one that speaks about his wife.
And I’m talking bout both
Yeah, except you replied to my message, and again, I wasn't. What you were doing is none of my business, specifically cause I didn't ask.

But, be great!
Twitter is to tweet. That’s all I’m doing.  you be great too sweety
Don’t you think the glaring and disturbing omission by @POTUS of any thanks to American Hero, Mr James Shaw, or acknowledgment that the Waffle House shooting even occurred is unconscionable and unforgivable? What does @KimKardashian think?


DON'T BE PULLING A SHANIA TWAIN NOWPUT YOUR WORDS WHERE YOUR MOUTH ISKANYE MIGHT BE LOSING SOME ENDORSEMENTS, NOW HE IS FREAKING OUTGET TOGETHER WITH MAGIC JOHNSON, SHAQ, ALL BLACK INVESTORS, ATHLETES TO INVEST & REVIVE THE NEIGHBORHOOD
How dare you have an opinion against the Libs in 2018, @kanyewest !
Nothing wrong with supporting @realDonaldTrump and I think you need to be congratulated for being such a force for good. Also, you don't need to agree with everyone on everything.
You sound just like Trump.
Freak!!!!!
Buy her some clothes man!!
listen homie i ain’t even following you  knuckleheads and you both blowing up my TL. We don’t give a flying fuck
My wife called me and she’s worried she’s going to have to support me so she told me to try and win some of my fans back.
That's all good. As long as you promote the American dream is earned, worked for, sacrificed and that it should never be given to anyone.

The Dems will have POC believe they are the way to salvation...which is total BS.

#MAGA 

No one cares. At 1 point you didn't need a stunt to sell records  you were quiet until it was music time...#lame
Get closer to trump so you can destroy him
Nobody agrees with anyone, especially politicians, 100%. That’s the beauty of democracy and our free thinking world. Anyone who bashes you, unfollows you or says they won’t listen to you again were never really a fan to begin with. #MAGA
Your wife just called and warned you that saying stupid shit online might affect her brand.
Good save 
Hahahaha!!!!! Hahaha!!! I figured she would say something!!!! Keep up the good fight you guys!! #MAGA
Sabias palabras de Kanye para que las apliquen uribistas, petristas, etc.
Wow Kanye, very cool!
We all don't have to agree 100%...but we would b better off if we agreed to love each other 100% regardless of how our free thinking differs @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
My wife just called me. She seems nice.
IDK you/your wife at all, I do know it's always good to speak your truth & never give it up for anyone. It's my pleasure to see a influential person to stand up for what is good and right for all Tk U May God be with you & in you all the days of your life  
You like fishsticks lad?
That’s what free people do.
Kim talking some sense
Wives are powerful.
No body cares.
The "Mob" is clearly getting you to "clarify" yourself !
Ur wife is worthless

How tf is Kanye going to be behind Trump but talk shit about George Bush back in 05?
Just blocked Kanye West. I know he couldn’t care less but any time I can reduce the exposure to stupid during the course of the day, I must choose it.
 our own truth is inside  USE YOUR  LIGHT but guard it tight friend 
At least your wife has common sense , why Kanye only says controversial shit when an album or clothing is about to drop
Why’s it matter? Who gives a f’ck what anyone else thinks?
I do not agree with anyone 100% of the time.  There is nothing wrong with that but there is certainly right and wrong THAT is 100%
Neither do the majority of his supporters. Too many have been lost to this abstract idea he is playing 4D chess. Whilst that may be so, its clear where his loyalties lie. He is a Zionist.
None of us agree with Trump 100% but that is our right and lately Democrats and their followers want to control everyone and how we think. That is for voicing your opinion, it’s refreshing.
I don't even agree 100% with myself
Soooooooo needy.
Does anyone? Be true to yourself brother.
If I were you i would not trust you.
@jlake4321
Do you do everything your wife tells you to do?
I read this as "My wife called me to stop me from playing myself."

I'm not even a Kanye fan and I'm still annoyed that everyone is bitching over what political party he supports. People are going to have different opinions, chill the phuck out. People need to stop being such whiny, overly entitled, close minded babies.
Even agreeing .1% with that criminal makes you unwise
Because nothing says independent thought like a guy whose wife called to tell him to remind everyone that he's an independent thinker.
My wife just called and she wanted me to....     HA HA HA HA HA HA HA
Kanye is clearly the smartest celebrity in the US and I'm his newest fan.  All the overpaid, over rated shallow celebs need to come our from their bubble and open their eyes. Kanye is the real deal

Stfu you moron
Fair nuff
Hilary was wrong. With Tom Arnold and Kanye, it looks like the wife runs them.
And?????
And what Hilary said about husbands telling their wives how to vote appears to be wrong. Then again Hilary is always wrong, what’s new? You are always an ass, what’s new?
Whipped
Hey - all the people who get it, got that already.  Stay strong - those who serve up the fears for control will work through those around you. IT'S WHAT THEY DO.  If they can't scare you, they scare those who love you FOR YOUR SAKE. You gotta push back and SPREAD the STRENGTH.
You shouldn’t have to explain yourself to these haters! You do you!!
your wife should get a twitter account.
That’s you telt 
Each time a new incoming PRESIDENT takes over the oval office, the economy & etc...
is ALWAYS from the PAST PRESIDENT. Just in case you did not know. Maybe, you missed that info in all the scholarly items you normally read! 
Too late
Bro, love you, but take your meds. You seem manic.
Who cares!!!
I have two simple questions for you: do you believe your wife is a hobbit? Do you like fishsticks?
"I don't agree 100% with anyone but myself...as long as that's okay with my fat arsed wife" Okay, Kanye, we hear you.
Trump is a legend!
Was this before or after she tapped the tea glass with the spoon??? 
Kanye West is on the wrong side of history. Donald Trump and his loyal employees such as Ben Carson and Mike Mulvaney are creating policies to hurt Black people and vulnerable Americans.
Ben Carson wants poor people to pay more rent and be the financial slaves of the oligarchs such as Trump. https://www.politico.com/story/2018/04/25/carson-proposes-that-poor-should-pay-more-rent-504401 …
but you agree there is un seul olympique, Right ?
No one agrees with ANYONE 100% of the time. Trump is trying to give us back the freedoms stolen by the Democrat/Leftist/Socialist party. Speak up & speak out. Let the message be heard. The media are propagandists for the lying left.
@menitaoficial @lucianoAjO Así cambia la cosa
Buena persona y todo pero no es buen cantante
Vic te quiero asesinar
I feel the same way. That is where people get messed up. They have like this blind love or hate for everything a person does despite what the person stands for. I like motivated people that have opinions.
i dont think you should talk politics anymore. I mean since you are your owm manager,.. you decide. Just a thought though.
Lol what politics i spoke on? I'll wait
