Please be a psychiatrist's client
Is he off of his Lexapro? He doesn't sound...good. I thought he was doing better but this is a pretty big relapse.
He recently said something along the lines of "no one cared when I was addicted to opioids!!" So I think anything is possible
Ugh, it just stinks. I hope he's able to get the help he needs
Don’t think he needs help. Think he’s turned a corner and is massively on the up, don’t think he’d be on twitter unless he was seeing clarity
Yeah you're right, only sane people go on twitter
Lol what? Way to strawman. Not talking about other people, talking about Kanye personally. Kanye had a massive hiatus while he was going through hospital n that. He’s now massively active because he’s over it and seeing his vision clear and what he needs to do. Pretty obvious
I miss the old Kanye
Nah Kanye gets better and better
KANYE THE GREATEST HIPHOP ARTIST OF ALL TIME
lmao
Just make sure the NAS record is 
All BOOM BAP EVERYTHING
Please run for president
#KanyeForPresident
But you’re still my bitch 

You’re my client I’m your new manager
You’re decentralized Kanye. Just like Bitcoin. Be you bro, be you

SHOULD MR WEST REALLY RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2024?
Absolutely.

chill nobody who has kanye on tweet notifs also has a life important enough to wear balenciaga for the personal
The only person who can achieve your dreams, is yourself.


Will you be your own lawyer too?
Talk about 911 and pizza gate and the Hollywood freaks in the triangle cult then...#QAnon
Step up to the plate Kanye. Expose these freaks.
Love and light
You're the client of everyone who buys your product sunshine
By definition, a client is one who is USING a product or service offered by a company. Therefore all those who purchase said good or service is a client. So those who buy Kanye’s music could be his client, but he is not their client
I miss the old Kanye
You re Kanye West’s client
Buy Chun-Li on iTunes
As deep as puddle in a desert
So you not fuckin’ w doctors Kanye?
I mean. By definition in the English language you probably often are.
You don’t control how language works through tweets now Kanye
Kanye Trump 2020
True
THAT'S WHAT'S UP.
brysi?
hi there
Had a couple bangers that’s all
nah man you were my childhood me and my friends would listen to you for hours “couple bangers” is an understatement
You can be mine. I'll hook you and your wife up with jewelry. Something like this
Is that a lifesaver with gold twist ties wrapped around it
LOL kinda looks like it. It's a quartz with actual gold.



Love guessing what these tweets are about this is the most fun I’ve had in ages
u need a manager bruh
lol sounds like Trump to me
Whatever
As in???
RT and like for good luck
Yo let me manage you I’ll let you do whatever, just let me come chill in the studio with you 
It’s his birthday ! HBD tweva
Except your mind's.
@paulmimeret 



Tru

Hi @kanyewest I'm going to NY and Philly in July, can I have your dealer's number? Seems like his gear is pretty decent
Do you know "Kekra"?
Amen to that!
bro sounds rough
please roast his ass felix
If on the off chance you’re looking at this message Kanye, contact @RubinReport !!
You Meek Mill's New Client,please cooperate
Any creatives trying to work, shoot, collab, link hit me up!!! ig: xavierbrownxl 
What happened? Did you see this?
YES BUOY
You’re my client
Tell em Ye
People that can think for themselves are OBVIOUSLY crazy. Let the MSM tell you what to think. That's so much easier!
Democrats and Liberals only know how to deal with black men they have kept on welfare for generations!They don't know about real black men!
It's amazing to me how "diverse" they claim to be, but the second a black person, who they seem to think they rightfully own, has an original thought that doesn't follow the line, they can get racist and nasty very quickly.
Gotta say, I always thought you were an egotistical prick, Kanye.  I have to thank YOU for waking up, and joining "the good guys" Your audience is massive enough to wake up the world! You, along with @therealroseanne can REALLY make a difference! Where are the others in Hwood?

Eminem Finna diss youuu watch out
How about someone’s “patient”
Kanye seems to be tweeting more this days rt
But the devil advocate
love u kanye

Really? I believe you were a CLIENT here and probably need to head back you looney ass scrub!
You pay the US government? Yo ass a client
You may want to reconsider that Dragon Boy.
Farabale je ki awon boys mu e, wa san wo tan
It's time, Pewds. 

Join the #maga crowd 

#Kanye #pewdiepie #Trump
weirdo
Hey there.
Cool dude
Except for Kim

Everybody is dril
@dril
@NetNobody you didn't tell us he's your client..
You're our Kanye.
Yeah,and that makes you a man of your own
Wokeness can’t be contained
Kanye. You're killing me.
Tell them ye!!!! 
(((nobody's)))
“Every agent I know, know I hate agents”

ur gods client
Bring down the capitalist class, Kanye! Empower the people! Healthcare for all!
you didn’t need quotes we know what you mean
"Every agent I know knows I hate agents"
Inbox me... there's someone in Seattle who'll be bigger than Bill Gates x1000. I believe in the vision. Very discreet.
nice

Respect this mindset so much
Define client
Glad to see your on our thought plane!
Finally realized that!
#goldenage
Ye needs somebody who works for HIM
oh my god i adore you mr west can you adopt me
twi twi
Daddy ye

You gonna self represent in court?
Drop some music just to show the industry who’s boss ez

Major W
KING

ur my client wym
Ok
How many times have I seen a fucking Kanye tweet this week?
Thanx to you i have seen 1
My guy
@nabilicieux téma il a dit c'est le yencli de personne mdrr
U need to be! You’re fuckn crazy!
LMAOOOOO AMEN shit!


Kanye not.
I would rather have the drunk Kanye that gets mad at Taylor swift than this garbage Kanye
Smart move...like you need me to tel you that
So you're a server?
Lol
The word you're looking for is "tool."
Unless you get a lawyer than you are a lawyers client
U‘r a 
True
What about your agent?  Your lawyers?  Your big strong security guards?
Kanye is my city
You are such a tool!!! Nerd boy West!!!
Facts
Dont adidas sell your trainers you work for them
Your therapist says otherwise
Keep telling yourself that. Maybe one day it will be true. *Sarcasm*
Kanye has always been a controversial human being. Jay-Z once compared him to the cowboy in the old spaghetti western movies that ran over the hill leading the charge and got shot by an arrow. LOL. Keep doing you, Kanye.
Come to my birthday Kanye
Lol.... u got trumps signature when nobody else could
@_Amegah_Kevin

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
Fuck up kanye ya dopey cunt
How do you mean

Yeah but you are favorite 
Wait till you need Ray Donovan.
So are you somebody's host?
@KrisJenner ??????
You’re your own client that’s the important 
What you think you are to Trump?
I belive you are...
He needs to get some sleep, enough water and sunshine in his life.
Grow up man.
Ya all the "clients" are on your wife's side
Yeah I guess those shoes you sell are all made of materials you provide for and stuff. Stop tweeting, you're embarrassing yourself. You are your doctor's client, your suppliers' client and so on.
Your a client to Apple, or msft, or any NT security for your data and phones ;) eh @verizon :D or is it @TMobile ? My Preferred network is @TMobile ;););) We are all Slaves to the "Flame" eh @BarackObama lol @msftsecurity @GoogleDeepMind @IBMWatson We power your cars + updates
Punk
Your a client to mr @IRSnews heheh
You are too ;D The Mental Health System !They Entrap You !!!Unwilling they commit you, Then write Fraud reports about you like Dr Renninger's lol #usaafraud Going off on a Rant about Political Corruption will get U locked up these days. #Rantmorewagless #THEYFEARUS #Hacktheplanet
More negativity instead of Love...smh
You’re your own client
I love it!
So how's those lawsuits going? Bankruptcy?
U were like a week ago tho
Actually....if you buy anything...you kinda are.
Are you okay
The mind is a terrible thing to waste
Kanye is my client
You ok, Kanye?
Be careful what you say

Remember what has happened to Michael Jackson, Prince and John Lennon for speaking out
Well you're owned by a record label so... yeeeeah you're a client.
I’m sure you’ll be saying that if you ever need a lawyer
Maybe Kanye is a tool of Kanye.
That might be the best thing you’ve tweeted.
So like all the shit you record with.. you weren't a client when you bought it? Or like what..

@pewdiepie is a conservative!!!!!!!
.@HeymanHustle
@NobodyEpic
Except the Illuminati’s.  :p
...anymore
You are clearly somebody's slave. Get away from those devils.
Oh boy
coz nice at ping pong
Wrong Kanye, you’re a Kardashian client.
Wow....you're so fucking edgy.
There is no spoon
You a trick.

and nobody cares
What are you proving?
And no bodies friend.. 
The doctors at UCLA Medical Center say otherwise.
Cool

I still really want a pair of yeezeys tho.
And you're also nobody
