Issa vibe
They’re the kinda shoes people got bullied for in school honestly
@Cupac_4
Just copped the 500’s
Did Adidas even produce 250k of them?
I am so going to by a pair of Yeezy’s!!!
These shoes so hard man!
Those look like split sole jazz dance trainers from Bloch
Lol right? Nobody wears those outside of a dance studio!

Now those are some nice loafers...
I'm gonna make one for you using white bread
Sounds about right.  
I'm on it

Why you keep calling it desert rat? Cuz when I got mine they were named blush blush and blush...
Someone cant cop yeezys @Karios_Me
That might not be the case
Not exactly
Yeezy all of your shoes and clothes are ass you are ashame to the black community. I mean let’s be real how many people in your city from the west and south side can really afford any of your apparel???
Real shit
What does Coachella have to do with this 
First of all I don’t need you to explain Coachella to me I went  this year, on one of the weekends  stay TF out my mentions ok?
Somebody please take Knaye's phone
Who tf is knaye
My ass

LOL
Must be what’s going on !!! I really had respect for u but you really go to far !!!
Uh-huhn. #BackToTheFuture Like before 1865 back! #DragonEnergy

And hold no value any more. So there you go
I'm living in the future so the present is my past My presence is a present, kiss my ass
It’s just a shoe bro-bro
Bruh ima buy 2 gucci loafers before i buy yeezys
Where you getting Gucci loafers for $100 a pair?
Tacky
UGLY!!
What's the bubble looking plastic on the sides for?

The future? Lmao the future of getting finessed and paying way too much for shoes that look like they at payless
They look like shoes from the Walmart shoe Dept.
They look like the shoes they give to the people trying to learn to walk again lbs
No joke. Real tears after laughing
Man, young white people love them some goofy ass shoes that they can’t afford but buy anyway 
Shit, if you are the future, then we are f)cked for sure.
Yeezy at work
I will own a pair 1 day this summer!!! bills, bills & more bills!!! Low pay, Life always gets in the way...  
ADIDAS YEEZY 500 "DESERT RAT" BLUSH REVIEW OUT NOW @shootyourshotTV
Walt Disney is dead
What's a yeezy I just haven't got a clue. Incep as well? Good talk is the beginning of magic.

I just looked at kanye page what the fuck kind a spaced out tweets are those. fuck that I aint never looking at that shit again
the 700 is yo best shoe no lie
coachella is the Walmart of festivals now man -
Ya ass need to make more I thought we would get mass production of em guess not 
Does it make you upset that Pharrell’s shoes have a higher resale value than yours ?
You really feeling yo Cheerios today huh Ye 
Still ugly as hell though!
I like the crazy 8s with blush suede
One man's trash......
...is the only yeezy you can obtain without my help..
They’re brutal. Just awful
Ok so since you guys say so  then I have to hate them too?
Now you get it.
Rude af

Please do it

Savage like a MF

Fake
Ayt gl
You were the future when u was with Nike !
Tell dem. I don't actually own a pair nor have I ever owned one. It's just not that time for me. The though.
You Know You Would Make More Money If You Targeted Normal People With Like $100 A Pair Shoes. People Would Probably Buy 2-3 Pairs
INSTAGRAM

Lmao yeezy 500 still sitting in Finland, such an ugly sneaker no one wants it
If I could afford your shoes I would have a pair of every single one! #yeezyforlife
if "we're" the future produce more shoes and make them more widespread and available so that more people can get them and you can show how much of an impact you have on the fashion industry instead of people reselling for $800, I can get them for retail.......
Any Adidas employees available to confirm Kanye’s purported sales? I actually struck up a conversation with one tonight who told me the numbers Kanye tweeted are vastly exaggerated—a fact that would make him the brother of Trump, who many people say is a pathological liar.
Kanye: love = truth
God am U full  of yrself, I ain’t never buying another album again which I decided a few years ago, u money, you hungry egotistical bitch, live in yr ivory tower always on a soapbox, think of all the people who been lynch d, disempowered, murdered,n u sit there thinkinu mlk
Yessir
Send me some size 10
oh ya

All you care about is how much a shoe sold ? Your overly expensive shoe isn't the future unless you're out here helping people become wealthy.
Those 500s are ass
I’m trying to be a part of the future  help a kid out
My boys were gunning me for wearing the desert rat
I love Yeezy 500.  Wearing it proud.  My best among all my sneakers to date 
That is unbearably ugly.
wow
 More j's for me! Thanks Ye!
I need all the Yeezy’s fuck that Yeezy EVERYTHING
Too bad there not affordable.
Is the future conformist ?
ugli shoe
You’re right we are, but i still haven’t received my preordered 500 Blush! And i was given a tracking number that doesn’t work from #yeezysupply
You really sold 6+ million in shoes in one hour?

you got reciepts? cause I'd like to see some reciepts ...
I went wear Yeezy until you give it to me. I'm poor
Won't

# n#
flop
@M_EllaLopez @mickalititus lol
Well, there goes my resale.  Beluga 2's still in the box waiting for the right occasion.
I also want to be the future Kanye, but I don't have money, Kanye
I had no idea. Those are Big Baller Brand numbers.

go vegan with your materials because the future is definitely vegan. if you really want to spread love you wouldn’t be profiting of the back of dead animals.
I used to think you designed Louis Vuitton the way you curated it  anyway make more Yeezy 750 styles please
Real 
They're almost identical to the shoes my cheer squad was forced to wear in the late 90's. Those only cost $40ish.
Forced 
They were uncomfortable AF!
Bitch, BE HUMBLE
1
250,000 stupid people

RIGHT YE
Make them more available so I can stop having to buy the fake ones.
I love you Kanye sign me please 
I wish I get to have a pair of yeezys
you should intoduce a maternity clothing line. that would be pretty dope.
And I wasn’t able to get one because of being stuck in a “waiting room” 
My turtle dove 350s broke and I’ve never experienced a pain like it

That's not even that many people compared to the world population...or the US population
You think he’s gonna supply the whole world or something?
People have never been shot over Yeezy camp outs, nice try nigga.
Coachella is wack and so are Yeezys!
And so is your profile
Fair enough, Kanye's wack ass shoes be like my profile!
Lit 
You’re adorable with your insecurities
@miguelkors
Comfy shoe
BUT CAN I GET YEEZYS

Snapchat,Instagram she stalking me, she be lurking my Twitter’ She be stalking me!!!!!! 
How about shipping my pair? I preordered in February, my money been held and I have yet to even get tracking info from YeezySupply 2 months later!!

@souljaian did 400 in less
@kanyewest we need more 750s though
Well can you knock down the prices so I can be part of the Yeezy future?  I’m tryna pop out too
Protect Kanye at all cost #future
new slaves

Lil Baby 

'In My Bag' 
Yep
They look like you snagged those from goodwill
I bought them for me...so I like them. They are not for everyone. 
You'll earn more than this guy too because of the hype and the 2000% great retail price. If Yeezy were cheap they'd look cheap, and sell a few thousand
To dine with the classes you must serve the masses. Guess no one told him.
This is like 1% of 1% of the population.
Damn bruh you creepin on Kanye you must be upset or wanna hire him or something man
Literally. I think he’s just looking for a response he’s fueled with jealousy
That’s how he writes jus articles. Who the hell wants this dude to interview them?
It's a fucking SHOE for Christ's sake. Baaaahahahhahahahhahahahahahha why you flexing so goddamm hard
Keep producing more and more Kanye! The more you produce the more you play into Nike game lol
Stop dropping stock numbers
Can I have a pair please? Asking can’t hurt....
Need a size 12 
tell me about it

cursed image
What happened with the black powerphase though? Took days to sell out. 
Thank god to hype beasts 
Fine.
They look comfortable AF
talk your shit



Well said
Ye, hook me up with a pair man. I can't be spending $750 on shoes right now.
ong 
I wear fake yeezy. $30 on amazon Comfy ass shoes tho
COOOOOK
WOW FANTASTIC!!!
HMU if you are tying cop a size 7

you made just enough $ to get your laptop back
I think I need a pair.
The price is dum n footlocker footaction Jimmy Jazz dr jays don’t get enough pairs always sold out not spending 1000 of dollars buying them on eBay Wow
These were the top 10 selling sneakers of 2017. A couple classics, but none compare to the Yeezys. There’s a reason why Yeezys sell how they sell.
@chubbs105 sheeeeesh!
a normal girl like me can’t afford a pair yet...
It's a pair of trainers, mate
@mr_jettlife
Kanye been the future since 02
s/o @DasheIO @Cybersole @cyber___dev @hunter_bdm
so many lames wear your shoes tho
Follow me for Yeezy
LEMME HOLD LIKE 100K OF DAT PROFIT MY BROTHER 

Haven’t taken mine off ice yet lol
Just unDS mine. I have my other pair chillin
Man, your shoes suck


I don't even own one pair
You need to cut price!!!!!
I just want to get a single pair
@kanyewest  I stay in STL you know how hard it is to cop real yeezys? Help me out bruh lol
Did @KimKardashian give you permission to write this @kanyewest actually did she write it for you because I’m amazed you can actually type in your username
Yeezy for life 
Hell yeah. But drop them utility black though
Y’all are 2016
Bruuhhhh he spits only facts
Are you guys gonna release a V3 or are you going in another direction? Just wondering sir.  Thanks
Yeah, y'all look like the people in The Walking Dead.
facts
I don’t have a pair  of yezzys. Should I seek counseling?
I’m tryna live in the future Kanye, but I can’t afford it. Can you help me out? Lol
So you lying about stock numbers?
I’m scared
YEEZY 777 "Golden" coming out???
@EddieGarciaTorr
Make another 350 line
yo @MuuMuse i think kanye read your latest post
Future trash? Kinda like those rags you wear like a homeless man?
