For the king

Please know Mr. President that you and The Patriots of our Republic are fighting against Satan for the very soul of our nation. Your supporters are with you and our resolve is unshaken. Please pray sir and stay strong. We are praying for and appreciate you.
We are still here sir.
MAGA
@flowersandweed god his clothes are terrible
My wife left me because I wear US polo
Understandable

#OPMAYFLOWER2018 #WWG1WGA #Qanon #WednesdayWisdom #TodaysBigLesson @realDonaldTrump @RealAlexJones @therealroseanne @Comey @VanLathan @ArtistisPresent @katyPerry
i was scared af watching this
What is this?
 #FactsOverFeelings 
@kanyewest 
Please......for the love of all things just and holy @kanyewest, please send this video out!

Best describes how @GOP is infact responsible for…
im finna buss kanye stop
Apparel has an embarrassingly bad carbon footprint. Free think on that. 
Breathing has an embarrassingly bad carbon footprint. Free think on that

Bland & bulky.... Depressing... #GlowItUp Put some of that Old School Kanye into it. It's dry...
She's gonna stretch that neck out.
I like Amina, too. I was just saying....
She looked like she escaped the plantation but got caught by her owner, forcing her back to being a slave. #ifslaverywasachoice

Ye working! The MOST INFLUENTIAL back at work on all levels!

Your fashion line looks like something pulled outta a dumpster fire.
still love you
More raggedy clothing? damn
Kanye So sorry for small minds TMZ on right now. Bashing you like cowards and bullies. Masturbating and repeating each other words Sad bubble they grasping tight to there fake truth. Kanye is that powerful to shake there foundation with his little own truth.
Dear God, give us 2pac back and we'll give you kanye west
I do not think anyone wants to look like a beggar
, and pay for this garbage with ridiculous prices, that clothing is in a flea market * 3 *garments for $1 dollar
@kanyewest kept  his opinions to himself until AFTER THE ELECTION-WE ALL KNOW THE IMPACT HE COULVE HAD IF HE SPOKE BEFORE! #KANYEWEST DID #NOT AFFECT OUTCOME #64MILLION NOT VOTING @Ava doc DID! Kanye has a right to his opinion! YOU NEED TO RESEACH ALL FACTORS IN TRUMP WIN.
#freethinkers
Amina
Amina blue!

Hex sexy. Great video gift to Yeezy
YA GOTTA LOVE THE BRAZILLIAN..  LOL
You sold out
Sold out whom?
To himself.
Hey Kanye why aren't you promoting the midterm elections in black communities knowing this election is the most important?
Lol zombie ass looking
@Crookedlychopp1 if it’s not off shoulder it’s not
#homelessisthenewchic
Is this a Video of Bill Cosby in action?
Cool more stuff everyday people can’t afford thanks Kanye. You really are a man of the people.
You're still cool. Love rules ;)
Somebody dress code this thot
kanye is now tweeting camel toes

She's selling it!
Pengg ting
You stole all your looks from by she by Shereè
He's a Jackass - Barack Obama
KYLIE JENNER IN KANYES TWITTER VIDEO TYPE BEAT
Spurs announce that Gregg Popovich's wife, Erin, passed away today. TYPE BEAT 
Who's that crackhead?
You hiring?
And u call this art?!
Nobody going to buy anything of yours now #resist #Fuck Kanye
My guess is this is fitting for a new YEEZY Zine

ur terrible
Kanye is a good person just like his ancestors who were enslaved. He is being used by the conservatives to be manipulated and enslaved and betrayed again just like at the start of this country.
That’s paternalistic racism aka the soft bigotry of low expectations. You think a black man can’t think for himself?
I feel like you've alienated your black audience.

Please stop your a terrible designer
@kanyewest still trying to sell people clothing that looks old and used with a redilcous price tag? anyone that wears this suffers from mental illness
Why is this chick’s camel toe being filmed?!?

#cameltoe
The Bum Look!
Is she kidnapped?
Hmmm
what
Ok ???????

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 … Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ArchaicSoundInVividMotion #ComingSoon 

Culli - Automatic Pilot Pt. 1 (Official Video)  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1VoIDm_Hu4 …  Taken from the new album Arcade: Archaic Sound In Vivid Motion. #Arcade #ComingSoon 

Affairs [Produced By Culli] by Culli | Purchase Link : https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/the-brightside/1236242065 … Taken from the album The Brightside EP. #TheBrightsideEP 
No one can appreciate honesty 
All I ever hear is hypocrisy 
The media wants to see a reaction 
To control your idea of attraction 
Can you open your mind not lips 
Knowledge is right at your fingertips
If this is the age of information 
Why do you rely on the news station 
All they ever do is segregate you 
They’re over exaggerating what’s true
All they care about is getting more views
Nothing more corrupt than Facebook news
People share things not knowing the truth
This is how they are controlling our youth 
Convincing you we have to think the same 
Or else you are a racist they will claim

Salvation Army clothes
Amina Blue 
Is that hat suede??

Amina Blue. She is like the Yeezy poster girl.

They sell that same shit at Walmart.  $5 for sweats, $5 for sweatshirt.  They don't have a tacky name in them, either.
Nigga HIRE ME
Yeezy season ye
Here we go again with this homeless line..... smh
Dope
As a matter of fact Beyoncé is probably some where mad as hell that all this attention is on you. Lmao 
I just hope you find a way to ruin that whole jay z Beyoncé brand the way you are doing your own. Please take them with you.
Yuck!!!
Why he crepping on the gurl 
Who is this? Shes so pretty
Uniforms for the next "Unite the Right" tiki torch parade?
What's up with these weird ass videos. Can't he take a proper video for his yeezys
Since when is slavery a choice? Clearly your balls ain't dropped yet.

Photo up
Amina blue
Who is that?
Amina so fye
Where the black queens tho kanye?
I think my sister threw that out last week. What garbage bin did you pick it out of
I got videos too...

#LIGHTERS
https://open.spotify.com/track/5OfcJeuVlLh31sCAIOlrsp …

Now playing on #Spotify and #YouTube

What if God doesn't answer our prayers because we are his side creations/humans.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/self-reflection-ep/1362152928 …

https://soundcloud.com/ylb1200/sets/self-reflection …

@younglife_bp

Why the duck face

Sir, are you coming down to Louisville for Derby  Weekend? Let’s Grab A Julep!!! Love To Chat!!! Thanks.... GOD BLESS YOU & GOD BLESS !!!
Poor amina. Or you just fucking around
kanye is Martin Luther King Jr. & T.I is Malcolm X
#Summer2018
shoe pusy bplesae :)))
What’s her Twitter
But Who Is SHE!
The Young and The Thirsty


Horse face fucker Michelle Wolf needs to go back to her abortion clinic gig.
HAHAHAHA... I thought she was about to flash a titty 

more of your 'Slave' clothes, I see.
You need to make an ad where you're all rowing the boat....
Go take your meds dude and let some color in.
I am positive that the camera on my phone is better than kanyes bullshit ass chinese iphone 6
Ugly as . #TeamNike >>>
Amina 
Ye I'm truly shocked and upset by the notion of "slaves having a choice" yo you've lost it. You need to pick up a book and read more about our history. You're the perfect example of how slavery has turned you into this free thinking individual you claim to be.
How disturbing
Kanye is also giving in to the Kardashians' appetite for attention and limelight. They so much ache to be "included in the original elites and famous."
Amina blue bad ass 
Aminaaaaaaa!
Wtf
"all class" clothing

I love how your clothes line is super baggy but your wife is alway naked. 
I would be too if I had that body !
Amina can take ALLLLL this pipe goddamn
Looks like inmate clothing... mental slaves!
Amina blue is a toddler
Why can’t I get Yeezy sneakers 
Amina Blue
Can I work for you full time @kanyewest
Kanye You are not alone just on the fringe of the bubble Break free! Break free! You will feel so much Love. Kanye look up Allegory Plato's Cave short story When Plato reveals truth to scared friends they turn want to murder him. Yes really must read once
?
Kaney go away from them
Amina looking like a snack
Kanye no need to apologize for their attack on you. You have to catch a show "Legion" X men "Charles Xavier" on show he called David. They put him away cRaZy but he falls in love and she helps him see that the voices were not in his head but were other people
Fashion is a choice. Slavery is not. Just putting that out there.
Is there a significance to this video?
Kanye you are not crazy. Page 6 just circled wagons covering all media saying over and over quoting you from way back that you say you are crazy. Even Dr OZ tiptoing careful words. What is "normal" for the spider is chaos for the fly. You were TMZ jumped.
shady...
It’s no reason I shouldn’t have been contacted by someone to style for YEEZY yet.
Is that Kloe ? 
If it is teller she's Awesome
be strong dont lettim get 
2uBabyDaddy wrong not u..
Outfit is nice 
snazzy lookin gooood!
Does she not know how to wear a sweater? Garbage clothes line 2018
Amina so fine

Needs more high fashion and less Instagram look at me..
like you said in 2016; they are there! #StealMySunshine
Ye don't start flooding my timeline with meaningless tweets bro.
Hi Amina 
Skin canela , I like it!
Why?
Hanes sweats redone and sold for obnoxious amount of money #maga motherfuckers
Creeper alert!!
Just put a fucking album out & move on, lad
Be my president PLZ SIR
Is that @DoveCameron ?
Hmmm video  shoot?
amina
Hi
Amina so fine

Up your meds
this means you should make sweaters with swooped necks like that
So you made a white sweatshirt. Big deal.
who's the slave?
Happy for Amina...so dope
Amina could spit on me and I’d say thank you

In love
A new season approaches
Have no idea who this is or what’s going on
Do u eat Paint Chips on a daily basis?
What?
Who’s this girll???
*changes hair color*

Yo yo she stretching the collar  though
She’s so beautiful
You gotta make some clothes for the thick chicks too bro, any healthy models there cause those bean poles wouldn't be modeling my line ijs

