like=nudeeee

y'all better RT this
500 RTs and I'll drop the music video on Youtube 



That looks weird Bruv, you gotta delete this
MAGA


Truth

Sadly, because president Obama has done such a poor job as president, you won't see another black president for generations!
We have to drain the swamp on both sides of the aisle and force out corruption.
everyone bashing Kanye doesn’t wanna remember he attended the March For Our Lives rally. He can agree with some things from both political parties, he’s his own person.
He looks absolutely miserable in this picture. 
I wouldn’t smile during a memorial of 16 students murdered by assault rifle, but there are photos of him smiling

Bitcoin is the future Kanye.

You must mean VERTICAL not HORIZONTAL.
Yoour brother.
Obama: "Being Trillions in debt is unamerican."

* Doubles the deficit.

See how two can play at that game
Conservatives : Says Obama nearly doubling the deficit is terrible!

Also Conservatives : Praise Ronald Reagan who nearly tripled the deficit
It’s just Bitcoin. You don’t need to say “core”
deutsch überstzung: wir können die zukunft formen. ich bin 1 optimist in meinem kern. ich weiß es wird DA harmonie sein
Gänsehaut  https://twitter.com/kanyewest_de?s=09 …

#awaken

No...truth is the red pill..love and light
Learn, research, grow
hi kanye how r u
answer him Kanye
Good morning Mr.West...we were patiently waiting for your first tweet of the day.   Please, set up residence in Chicago. We need you to challenge @ChicagosMayor @kanyewest for #ChicagoMayor @KimKardashian 1st lady of Chicago.  Chicago needs @kanyewest to fix that city.
I think leadership should fix Chicago. You guys had years and the murders keep coming
#ConclusionCollusion 
I am SO stealing this!
What's your spin on the fact that you wife hangs around with M.A.
You know M.A. is about 70? Hmmm.... 
She will be 72 in November of this year!
Wow!
You can lead the greatest awakening of the black community since Dr King! He fought to free us from chains, this is the fight to free our minds! It’s time my brutha, it’s time!!!
Don’t forget It was Lincoln who freed the slaves. He was a Republican.

I'll pray for you Max D.
I don’t need your prayers weirdo
God bless America!!
God bless yeezus
That's cute.
Perez hun you gotta move on , I mean you're trying so hard but he just doesn't swing that way. Find another crush.

Dude is woke af. Nice. This is what I’m all about. 

Amistad 
I need my pussy licked 
like and i'll come over
Bitcoin is the answer Yeezy
Your future is shaping up to be used by the @GOP to wheel you out and say “Look, even black people like us. We’re unstoppable”

@realDonaldTrump doesn’t care about black people. 

So, good luck with that.
You don’t get it. Kanye does. Stop buying the Democrats lies.
Y'all failing to realize that Kanye really is like our generations messiah. Him speaking his mind is opening us up to Trump. We may not agree with the man, but if we agree to work with him, we could accomplish something. ~Infinite Love~
#Kanye helping to save America from eating itself 1 tweet at a time  #love
HE IS AWAKE!

What does that mean 
Always take the Dutch flag ;)
@BillClinton hasn't been president for years...
You seriously gonna try and say DJT isn’t a cheater?
Also GTFO with your distraction techniques. Might work with the MAGATs but we are too smart for that here
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Trump will soon rule the world.
You spelt “ruin” wrong
IT'S NO ILLUSION 
It’s not collusion it’s criminal conspiracy
Call it what you need
Just stop their creed

KILL the DEMOCRACY
FILL with TRUMPOCRISY 
BILL the DEMOCRACY 
STEAL with TRUMPOCRACY 
Follow @PuppetChester
My brother he follows 1 person , do you think he'll follow you 
i know that's why I replied with that
If he follows you , you praying a living God and Your ancestors are good 
KANYE, please donate some of your millions to #BUILDTHEWALL  @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS donate your salary to #BUILDTHEWALL ! OVER 63 MILLION TRUMP SUPPORTERS AND TRUMPTRAIN SUPPORTERS WILL HELP ! GEORGE SOROS & COMPANY ARE BEHIND THE CARAVAN INVASION ! REMEMBER YOUR PROMISE #MAGA
Reputation tour starting soon!

https://soundcloud.com/lordluminous/think-black …

But y’all ain’t ready for this though...
Kanye with the inspiration.
Optimist prime
We can shape our future
I'm an optimist at my core
I know there will be harmony
So scoop dee woop some more
Ye vs The People was great and i can't wait to hear the albums this summer.
Kanye, there is someone who loves you beyond what the world & the people can give... His Name is Jesus.
He alone will give you peace in the midst of disharmony.
#JesusLovesYou
These cowards, can't acknowledge
the knowledge, you dropped for hours
So now they claim your insane, it's a game
To take away your powers, like the towers
Infiltrating your pure thoughts, with they sour brow up
pursed lips & hot soup face, 
the MF truth hurts ballad.
Ego talk and knowledge are two different things.....God bless 
You must not be following the story

Thank you Kanye!!!
My only problem is that it’s not a democrat / republican thing.
Of course not all black people HAVE to be democrats. Thank God for freedom, you know!It’s just that it’s a democrat / TRUMP thing.
Trump is NOT a Republican. He only represents himself. He’s a party of one (literally
That's why you are the man. Not only a gifted musician but you can give eye exams being a optimist. You are so talented and versatile. A true leader of the people. Spread the love .

It’s happening #TheGreatAwakening

WHERE IS THE SONG?
You may well be the turning point in our history, where America finally ceases its obsession with identity politics; where the black race embraces its present and FUTURE instead of an overwhelming focus on the past, separating races forever from moving on in harmony as we MUST.
Bitcoin = Future 
Bitcoin = Optimism 
Bitcoin = Harmony 

Let There Be Peace On Earth
@APompliano
Keep up the red pilling Kanye open their eyes to the corruption and crime of the left and deep state

WOKE UP AN OPTIMIST
Never in my life did I believe I would become a fan of you Kanye... but your courageous stance in the face of liberal insanity has caused me to re-evaluate that stance! Thanks for all you do... spreading love and good vibes is a good look on you! #greatawakening #Qanon
Kanye grew up an upper-middle class kid on the South shore. Dad was a journalist, mom was an English Professor. He’s not like Jay-Z who really had to work for it. Kanye and Chance grew up soft so they have more in common with Trump. He’s about as “Woke” as a coma patient.
HAHAHA, JAY Z simply sold out to the devil and become a servant of the sick music industry, much like Kanye... hence my surprise that he has become woke, I suggest listening to Professor Grif...
Kid, it’s a YouTube video. It’s time to be an adult and leave behind childish things like your alternate reality.
#GreatAwakening  #QAnon   #trollingtotroll
Nah, I’ll stick around and continue to annoy you little one. Thanks though.
Annoy! I celebrate your ignorance.... stick around as long as you like :)
Ps...I like that you started the tweet out as “we”.   Thank you for including all Americans
You've always loved #Kanye right? Like when he first started out with Jay-Z? Remember the guy the #GopBabies vilified who used to sell crack? But now you LOVE him right? Get the fuck out of here.....quickly.
Sorry you feel that way towards me.  I respect your opinion tho. This is the most hateful comment anyone has ever made to me. I just know deep down that you’re better than this comment.   I’m deeply sorry if I may have offended you. Please accept my apology
Get fucking real lady. I made you so sad huh? But Trump doesn't make you sad right? You love everything he does right? I don't feel sorry for you one bit and you can shove your apology up your ass. And u haven't explained to me how you've always loved #KanyeWest though......
You might consider putting a bar of soap in your mouth first, after it’s cleaned up, I would be happy to have a reasonable and rational conversation with you
The KEY word future. Harmony depends if thinkers think.

Plan for tomorrow, but live for today and forget about yesterday
You seem sincere, but you are truly naive as to the true nature of the beast aka hate-filled Dem/Libs who are not interested in "harmony"... only control by any mean necessary.  #BeCarefulKanye
EXO & CBX have beautiful harmony @weareoneEXO
LOVE NOT WAR
#Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo by the  Africa Dancehall king @shattawalegh #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo #Gringo
Exactly

No - we are in a culture war, fighting for a nation who was have honorable and good values for life, liberty and pursuit of happiness. Now we have  a party of murder, hate, godlessness, lawlessness, divisiveness, ideological slavery and censorship. THIS is not American values.
This is definitely a war there will only be Harmony When Jesus Christ comes back to rule there will be no lawlessness no Rebellion that's when there will be true Harmony
But the book of Revelation, which prophesies the apathy that many of us are fighting. When I stand before Him, I want Him to say, "Good and Faithful servant." Luke 22: 35 & 36-
Omd allow it fam your tweets make my spinal cord cringe fam
I think you are trying to build bridges in America. Living in the UK it looks sad what is happening. Something has got to be done, worth a try
Honestly, Kanye can’t disappoint me. For that to happen, you have to have had respected or admired that person for them to disappoint you. So....my opinion of him has not changed. I never liked him. Me thinks he needs meds.
Slow Jamz
Can you please take down the elites who've been oppressing all people, please? Then there will be harmony and the people will rejoice.
Shut up bitch 
Ye Vs The People is very much appreciated! Getting the conversation started on this topic through music especially for the culture is Genius!
By- https://www.instagram.com/p/BiCNrQalmgc/ 
why trump? What’s your reasons for believing in trump?
Under Trump Black unemployment all-time low,homeownership up, De-Nuke North Korea (safer world),Trump appointed Black head of HUD, Surgeon General, 1st Black Woman Marines Brigadier General, brought b-ball players from China jail, reduce illegal immigration=more jobs,+Trade deals
TALK IS CHEAP, DO SOMETHING TO INVEST IN THE BLACK COMMUNITY -TO REVIVE THE NEIGHBORHOOD & QUALITY OF LIFEUSE YOUR FAME TO GET TOGETHER WITH SHAQ, MAGIC JOHNSON, SNOOP DOGHOMELESSNESS IS OUT OF CONTROL IN LOS ANGELES
You do something as well.  Everyone working together!!
America loves you Yeezy
Even when he said george bush dont like black people or nah?


Thank you for driving this convo away from Emma Gonzalez and on my opinion her solution to gun crime actually creates more gun crime. I agree with you on this tweet that there will be harmony.
No it doesn't.
Takes some time to do just a little research before making statements. Or just remain lazy and follow the Heard.
I did I know for a fact that it's hypocritical to talk bad about guns when celebrities have guards with guns. Do u believe that owning a gun is a right or privilege? I believe we have a right to own a gun.
What has that man in office done for the black community Kanye?? Honest question

huge tax cuts, lowest black unemployment, reduced illegal border crossing opens work opportunities for Blacks and Latino Americans, negotiated around the world for businesses & manufacturers to bring jobs back& repatriate funds, just in year 1, despite all the haters
I mean we need to stop the homophobic and transphobic comments then
@ali_cav_21 @PuaJC26 @ScottBallandOr
Take notes lads
@stefanogreco98 a proposito
Ora del 2024 chissà quanti tweet farà
Study Booker T... Take from it what you can use. Leave the rest if it does not work for you.  You can reshape the African American culture into what it should be, life, liberty and happiness. However also seek to help those that are different than you, that is real power...
Click the photo just in case the last part is cut off....
WHAT KKKANYE SHOULD HAVE SAID:

We can shape our future
By recognizing truth from lies in an honorable culture

I'm an optimist at my core
But this optimist will tolerate trump's lies NO MORE

I know there will be harmony
When Karma and me, sit knee to knee & speak truthfully
STFU. How bout you put out a sex video with fake kk. Then go lick Trump's asshole
Or maybe both at the same time. We know how you reality losers stick together.


Ye if you’re talking all this  and your music come summer ain’t  you need to go ahead and retire. Just leave on a high(ish) note. Also chill with the tweets bro. It reads like pressured speech which is why people are dx-ing you as manic.


Fourth person to like
I miss the old kanye the one where we used to hook up
Yes.   We can shape our future, by our choices.

#Truth and  #love will win.   :)
Kanye, Shape it in the image of Litecoin $LTC - it’s the future of money.  Also $DIG which is backed by gold
I love you so much Yeezy 
#TheFutureBelongsToUs #QAnon #WWG1WGA #KAG #MAGA
#TrustThePlan #PeaceIsThePlan #PeaceThroughStrength 
#VictoryThroughPeace  #Freedom #Pray #WRWY
#ForGodAndCountryAndWorld  #TruthAndFreedom
#MakeItRain #AprilShowers
Sometimes you make so much sense Kanye! People need to be free thinkers& not think one way or another because they have to.
2020deki adaylığa ramak kala
Mr @kanyewest I will tour with you anytime anywhere you have opened the door to every mind on the planet that was closed and your truth is your word and your words are truth You rock http://www.BERDOO.com  #KanyeWestRocks #JCBerdoo #Berdoo #jediguitarist #MadeinUSAMetalTour #USA
Right on Kanye we stand with you! All you haters need to educate yourselves. Don't be fooled by fake news.
Your message is clean and clear !!we need to get our rights with Love not hate !! Anything built on hate is likely not gonna last !!
When your mom starts following you on Twitter
You’re going to take a lot of heat right now from the “victim sect”. Don’t lose sight, @kanye. Stay the course. We’ve got your back. 

We’ve all got two choices. Victims or Victors? Which are you going to be?
Kanye must see
AGREED!
How does it feel to have trump rally boo Hispanics and then use your name at the same time. Congrats , you just played yourself.
Stronger together than separate 
“~‘For I know the plans and thoughts that I have for you,’ says the LORD, ‘plans for peace and well-being and not for disaster to give you a future and a hope.”
JEREMIAH 29:11 AMP
Have you had time to do your "research" yet? Or you still in shock/promotion mode? Just curious.
Be with you in a minute Kanye we're talking about Sarah right now!
But absolutely great message keep them coming!
Twitter needs a cheerleader I'm stretching out right now!
Do you think Stretch Armstrong kind of looks like a young Trump?

The Veil WILL be lifted & the scales will fall from the eyes & the blind WILL see, the deaf hear & the misinformed ignorant will know Truth ... one day....
It’s perverted mind control using media to obscure common sense . What possibly could @realDonaldTrump be doing to negatively effect the black community? If I call you a thief and you   Steal my stuff I’m validated. If someone calls you outta control and you set fire to ur own?
I hope so Kanye, if we could stop  all the race baiting and look at everything without color attached we will be much better off
Appreciate your willingness to help stop the violence in Chicago. I believe if your peers would work with you instead of criticizing you, then you all could accomplish a lot.
Love u Kanye!
1 like = 1 nuuudeeee in ur DMs 
@realDonaldTrump Kanye that is very optimistic of you, cuz we have NO future as long as #SatanicPedoElites run the world & AMERICA! Why don't u spit some Truth on ur next album about this Global Issue? Shine a light upon the #LUCIFERIANPEDOS eating, raping n selling children MASA

Please stay strong against the ‘hate mob’ 
#Bullies
You Should Go To The White House Kanye !!
I'm having Hansel and Gretel visions....the witch goes the way of Felicia!
#ByeFelicia #ByeWitch  #WitchHunt 

Let's go all tribal, an eye for an eye, just like the Bible!
Amém
Legend
See how they treated SAnders last night, as a white woman Im outraged they think they own me and can tell me how to vote. I vote for Trump for he loves this nation and making things great for women. Im tired of these hateful far left hypocrites mean girls of the left attacking me
No one attacked you. Sit down
You sit down, you dont bully me no more than she does, yes she attacked all conservative women and white woman saying she shamed us. Sara makes us proud , strong successful as Kelly and Ivanka are. The left are the real war on women ,mean girl hypocrites
ya not talking to me right?
I sure hope so. The devil is winning. Spread love.

The only form of MAGA we acknowledge
Absolutely we can. Our people must comprehend the power of their minds/ability to ma,ifedt, positive vs negative thought patterns, and our Absolute Connection w/the One Source; call it Creator, God, Big Sweety or whatever you want but everything on this planet is part of that "1"
Most people would rather be pessimistic because it’s easy.  Optimism requires effort.
I know complete harmony and unity won’t ever happen, but I sincerely look forward to a time when there is more of it.  May graciousness and civility abound.  The constant bickering and steady flow of anger is exhausting.  Anyone else tiring of the War With Each Other?
Is truth real?
Please get some help!!!

Ni lo cres mi mayate
Kim please take his phone
So done with you trumpster
Agree. I believe in the good and positive side of people. Glad to see more and more take that plunge and speak out. We can do great things together as Americans
Harmony is when you dont interrupt a persons thank you speech
Only if you forecast your thought before you speak it into existence.....
Omg i love this tweet sm
The Kanye Lama?
Yes we can, Yes we can

"I FEEL LIKE DAVID HOGG"

#DavidHogg #Qanon #2A #2ndamendment #NRA @nratv @NRA 

Yes and blockchain will be one of them that will shape economies #cashaa http://www.cashaa.com  #cas #bitcoin
i love you.
@kanyewest
If I got to bang and bounce on Kim's jiggle jelly ass I would be having these heavenly prophisies too
Remeber how they destroyed lauryn hill and killed Michael Jackson?
you gotta be realist to shape future. SIMPLE
Try being a realist bud. Like your president is a real jack-ass. See not hard!
I know your mom is looking down on you with so much pride!  Keep up the good fight towards the Golden Age....#CandaceOwens #Patriot #QAnon
The people with TDS need medical help or a priest they are off the charts...
FREETHINKINGPEOPLE.
Thanos is an optimist when you really think about it.
That's.  right.  KANYE.  Keep.  hope.  Alive.   Always.......love

Yes, there will.

When your GPA is trash but you remain hopeful
It can be done

Fear has a head and I am dancing on it!
Youve been on twitter 34/7, chill for a while.
How are you going to help the caravan of suffering migrants? They  too deserve optimism and harmony.
Dedicated to All Those Who Have Lost Their Lives to Islamic Terror  
#London #Paris #Nice  #Brussels #Orlando
How do you stay so positive?
Thank you for your Peace ~and for challenging us ALL to be warriors for The Heavenly, God Blessed Changes That Will Definitely come with Love! The Energy is 4REAL!
Not after the #WHCD  - Gloves are off #Trump2020
I’m a new fan of yours now!  You are brave.
Kanye keep it up don't ever stop your a genius you are so right about it's easy to hate ....but to tell someone you love them not ever one can do that ...i love telling people I love them I love you Kanye West
#blockchain and #crypto are the future, Kanye
I love you kanye
"And then there came one strong and great. Who towered high o'er chance and fate..And from some source you did not guess. Gushed a great tide of happiness. A courage mightier than the sun. You rose and fought and, fighting , won!"- Angela Morgan
You may not see it in your life time , maybe your kids will see it. And that in itself would be great. Just don’t stop working at it Kanye .
Not unless you join in to get rid of trump #45 I really thought you were smarter than this,I’m hoping your just using that thing
In fact everyone has the possibility to make the future. 
Do not you think so? Kanye West.
Kanye is so inspirational!
The pills are kicking in
You must listen to Shatta Wale Gringo Song you need to be on the remix song is 
Bro u a capitalist at core, get off Twitter u annoying now
I agree 100%  every day since the beginning of time everyday that you wake up is worse than the day before in the world why can't we who have the power with our intellectual brains put an end to that Trend I love you my neighbor I love you my brother wouldn't the world be fun to
Decentralize
Don’t look back, my man. The Plantation Owners are pissedBut don’t worry..the True Heart of America that DIED to FREE the Slaves, is STILL HERE..& WOKEAnd WE “STILL” got your back Bruh
all we need is love
Speaking of shape .... what happened?!?!
That's right Ye
Let’s some movies, here’s the 1st one  made @DitchPartyMovie & about to make another one this Summer

Amazon Prime - https://www.amazon.com/Ditch-Party-Daeg-Faerch/dp/B071NWCDF7 …

iTunes - https://itunes.apple.com/us/movie/ditch-party/id1281822779 …

FandangoNOW - https://www.fandangonow.com/details/movie/ditch-party-2016/MMV99EE02EAB5A44700B139A0FDEDBF3F562 …

#supportindiefilm #movietime #infintywar
.
Kanye definitely has a type 
A #legend being used by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @GOP ... #sad what #ISSUES does #yeezy stand for?
Honestly Yeezy, harmony is Born through chaos so it will seem you on the right path. But words of caution DON'T EVER DROP SHOE THAT UGLY AGAIN!! YOU LOST ALL FASHION RIGHT
Need more people to stand up and not apologize...
 #MAGA #KAG @realDonaldTrump Thunder #QANON #GreatAwakening
Through The Wire
Yes!!!  I have a blended family with nationalities ...
let's live in harmony!! #United

What Breathe of Fresh Air!
SCOOPTY POOP SCOOBY DOOODOOO
Listen to Flawless by See The Hustle #np on #SoundCloud
@Ph_Jh
Totally Agree!
More love http://www.pillar.store 
Me tooo I see light 
