yet, you publicly support one of the most hateful people to sit in the WH in our lifetime. Be consistent, brother.
How is he hateful? Please list facts and evidence that support your statement above.
have a nice day, maga-boy
See that’s my point. You can make all these claims about how trump gates people and how he’s racist but its not true Bc you have no proof.

No, it's not "fake news".
Criticizing another government isn’t racist, and neither is suggesting that the previous president didn’t accomplish his goals. Also, this article points attention at “immigrants”, rather than illegal aliens; the focal point of Trump’s campaign.
Gino asked for proof of racism, I furnished links that included information regarding the Justice Department suing Trump MORE THAN ONCE for refusing to rent to African-Americans. That was just for starters. Proof furnished, what's the problem?
Here he goes again
And you're still here. Wondering why...
The man wants his likes let him be
Fax
I "love" my drawing.
Actually, I kinda "hate" it.
oh wow picasso could never
Abstract painting is more my "thing".

That drawing was a 15 minute moment of randomness last night
I love it so much wow! Btw do we agree that Kanye is over
Doubtful. His news cycle takeover may be temporary, but Kanye is Kanye. Plus side? Nas has a new album coming out.
I hope nas drops him. Their views dont mix
Jay-Z & Kanye’s views don’t mix either. Watch the Throne wasn’t bad, though.
Im sure bey and jay telling blue that kanye aint her uncle no more lol

you know that this has been proven false by the ADL right?
Says the oxyed up mentally ill sad little man
Why are you making fun of someone with an addiction problem?
Am I making fun?
Can't you tell the difference?
This is all the proof I needed, ciao! I give you the gift of BLOCK  
Bitcoin is the answer Kanye, Bitcoin is.
iCarly in Brazil is the answer!!!
I think you have convinced me @ICarly312 
GET ICARLY IN BRAZIL!!
Victorious outsold
We love you kanye
Define WE?
You follow him.
Do I ? I used to
Open up your heart and let some love in
I love people but it hurts so much to stan False idols .
I understand
hate is not similar to love, at all.
Yes it is, it’s an emotion. Both are an emotion.
Yeah, and cauliflower and chocolate mousse are both foods. Giraffes and frogs are both animals. Hitler and Saint Francis of Assisi were both men. Mercury and milk are both liquids. See how silly it is?
Donald Trump spreads hate, not love.
It looks like you spread some hate of your own. Who are you again?

I love bitcoin. You should too
I love bitcoin!
Bitcoin? Hell of a guy.
Love that guy
great guy
Let me crash on his couch for a couple weeks back in October when I couldn't afford rent.
Same here. Then I went over to some of his friends' houses in January and starting flaunting my money and they all kicked me to the curb, beat the shit out of me, and I've been eating ramen on the streets ever since. 
I hope someday they all forgive me
Maybe, maybe not. The question is, do you forgive yourself?
Love Over Hate.
The dragon energy is emulating a love energy.
i would LOVE if u would cut the shit kanye thats what i would love ive never been so heartbroken n disappointed honestly
In what? Being tolerant of people with differing thoughts? Is this country is going to celebrate diversity then it has to include diversity of thought, not just diversity of race, nationality, and religion
Didn't you just say you support Trump?? How... 
OH, well if you like making untrue judgements, you definitely don't look like someone who shoots up high schools by day and runs kkk meetings by night.
YEEZY SEASON IS COMING
To an end hopefully
Maybe
Just love

Imagine only caring about the black community and being accused of being brainwashed because your methods aren’t mainstream
Donald Trump doesn't care about black people
How do you know? I don’t think you care about poor Mexicans.
Trump hates
hates what politicians have done to the nation....totally agree :P
first
maybe not
y yall hatin? cant he have his own opinions?
Goodmorning to you also ye
Will u keep   ?


MAGA Love.
All the Way!  It's Happening.
Fuck. Good morning.
Ye
I used to love you, now i just feel indifference, not even hate. You're a let-down bro. A real let-down. Not that you would care, you're too busy making money to care.
Hes a let down for having his own opinion?
True
The establishment isn’t ready hahah https://twitter.com/kanyewoke/status/989524758588002311?s=21 …
Day 2

14 YEAR OLD MILLIONAIRE LIL DROPTOP FLEXINNN  @lilpump 
3
This literally means nothing.
You might as well have said “I know up is the same as down but down isn’t the answer up is!”
Or “I know black is the same as white but black isn’t the answer, white is” ... actually you kind of were saying that yesterday already.
 “ain’t no such thing as bad publicity”
Congratulations Kanye we all missed you boy! 1 like = 1 respect
Do not let the nit wit at Rolling Stone sway you Kanye. Just prepare yourself and your family for the hate coming your way from the democrats, the LGBTQ, props, and everyone left of center. You DARED to think for yourself.
"All you need is love. Love is all you need."
Mr. West... YOU have MAGABALLS!!
MAGABALLS will change the trajectory of this country away from MOB rule and group think and back to free thought and true freedom to be who we wish to be!
Thank you sir!!
#MAGA
#MAGABALLS


I’m sure that family he with put him up to this.

Hate is the easy way through life. If you want to succeed, challenge yourself, and love
Sway ain't got the answer



Well unfortunately you have just opened yourself up to the ugly side of the left.I hope you are as tough as I think you are because you are gonna get called names, lied about and any secrets about your life are gonna suddenly appear. Stay strong and break those labeled boxes up.
The leftist entertainers are really exposing their intolerance to diversity of thought. Anyone can associate with different ethinc groups, but including people with vastly different views is the ultimate tollerance.
Kanye tried to build a bridge in a civil way. He showed he has dynamic feelings. Why the condemnation? It doesn't mean he negates injustices of his people or others or agrees with all Trump supporters. Are African people not allowed to have complex stances? I'm not left or right.
Perfect
But you support someone that stands for Hate
I can’t believe you are all missing his point!
Good morning everyone
Thank you for loving Potus.

They both require action.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. Bruce Lee

I like that that’s what you got from his whole entire speech. You chose those words to remember because I heard the same speech and that’s not what he said. This is the problem you pick and choose what you want to listen to
Then why would you show support for Trump? Answer this, please.
You are completely missing his point. He is supporting people having the ability to think independently. He did not say he agrees with everything Trump does. I don’t think any of us do.
I really think people should stop worrying about what others do and think and pay more attention to themselves and family
Happy Birthday
 Melania
Style and Grace and Beauty
Bless you Today
and Always
Love to you & POTUS


@FLOTUS  @POTUS 
“It’s a thin line”
Love concurs all
So it begins, lol
Amen
Thank you for supporting @realDonaldTrump
Awesome quote!
There's a religious root in this, as a famous biblical line is "Love Thy Enemy". 

Here's an article that articulates such a concept through quite the intense frame: https://relevantmagazine.com/god/worldview/what-it-actually-means-love-your-enemies …
Ye, trump is deporting families, not letting refugees in, mocking sick people, calling my people rapists - how is this an act of love? How can you love this man? WHAT about him do you love?
That's cool Man. Tell that to the race-baiting sociopath currently serving as the face of our country since you guys are tight.
Here he comes again. Psycho!!
It's not as if he's claiming to have riden on a flying horse or anything.
The sheer deluge of lefty tears over Kanye is the funniest thing since that time last year when Eminem tried to pick a fight with Trump, was ignored, had multiple hissy fits about it and then put the final nail in his own coffin by releasing a shitty album that failed miserably.
Let me sleep Kanye
Turn off notifications
I'm from Chicago bitch
They must be proud!
She didn't like herself
I love crypto
Who's mans is this?
Good morning sir
Somebody take his phone.  We're not for your shenanigans today. 
Not tuh-day Kanye!
KANYE DONALD <3 BREAKING CHAINS UNITED STATES OF AMERICA ALL EQUAL ALLLIVESMATTER KANYE JUST TOOK THE SLAVE CHAINS OFF
Goodmorning Kanye
Oh good Kanye is up let's see what today brings
Preach yeezy
I love all citizens, it's why I enlisted at 18.
There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for one's friends. John 15:13 Time for all American’s to stop the hate!
Love is the highest vibration there is! 
Kanye how are you promoting love, when you’re supporting such a popular figure in hate culture?
@kanyewest has left the #Plantation and the #victimhood community can't handle it...
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas #BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas
#BoycottKanye #BoycottAdidas

@adidas @adidasUS @adidasoriginals @adidasrunning @adidasUK @adidasfootball @adidasHoops @adidasNYC @adidastennis @adidasFballUS

And yet you stand behind a president who promotes hate? Get some help man.

Perhaps now that you're friends you could teach this important lesson to the President.
Thank you

...and if love isn't the answer, they should at least try acceptance.
Love requires living without fear...

Here’s to the Brave 
Trump out here collecting these rapper infinity stones. Who’s next to fall? I got money on @lilpump
No Kanye it’s too early please lol
Love compassion and kindness accomplishes more then having hate and it is healthier
Shut the fuck up
Is that why you love Trump, dad?
LOVE is ALWAYS the Answer!! So is JESUS!! 

Kanye gonna fool around ‘til we get a mix tape featuring Trump 

can’t wait for $200 MAGA hats 
in theory doing that would separate the rich and poor whites

which would disrupt the the false unity

over time that should bring poor people together

and make move for change

which would polarize kanye even further.

im pro this.
Working class white people like myself are already looking to unite with POC to end the reign of elitist rulers in both parties. With a little help, we could take the Republican Party back to its founding principles.
More of you are needed. Its tough thou. As a black man i dont really know when i can TRUST white people. A man got draggedto death by two white men he considered friends.
There are more like me than you think but I understand why you don't see us. There are people who stay in power by keeping us divided. There are people who get rich off of race wars, drug wars and culture wars. I long for the day when decent people see one another as neighbors.
This a beautiful moment. Check out my art. #newdealcrewlovesyou
The tracks on your link are relaxing, smoothe. I like it.
thanks! i have more stuff coming. but i was speaking on my photography lol http://instagram.com/blckwndr 
Oh so that’s why you support a homophobic president ? Nice.
Im a Dragon too
I see your dragon energy.
Who are you!?!? This is an uplifting sight to see a man of Kanye’s stature being so leveled headed and honest. A true breath of fresh air! Keep fighting the good fight man!
Agreed, friend!! 
@Kirstenjoyweiss that mainstream culture is primed and ready. Perhaps @kanyewest and @KimKardashian would benefit from a private shooting class with instruction from someone of your skill level. A new experience teaches us a lot of lessons, not just about the curriculum......
Come on. You scared @kanyewest. 

 
Trump is all about hate and dividing the people not unifying and loving people. Even if u like some things about him. Hate is his agenda not love.
Too many believe fighting hate with more hate is the answer but it only gives us MORE HATE! It's like fighting a fire with a flamethrower. Duh. You need water to put out the fire. What's next? Fighting fascism by being fascist or righting racism by being racist?
That’s already happening unfortunately
@kanyewest your haters should remember MLK's teachings. 

"Love your enemies." "Love is the only way." "Love is the most durable power in the world." 

-Dr Martin Luther King Jr.

But what is Love without hate
Ok
Use fucking commas
Here we go again
so u hate trump !
Hate and love are just two sides of the same coin
You are right

Na hate is great answer in some very special circumstances like in high school sports. @kanyewest @boyerphil @idmckenzie17
Hate is dark! Love is light! Hate puts a drag on “Dragon Energy”!
Cryptocurrency is the answer
1 Down 29 tweets more to go for today!!!
Yes!
As the days go on, remember this:

Liberals forgave Chris Brown for beating the shit out of Rihanna, but they are never going to forgive Kanye for saying he likes Trump.
Yes but they don’t want to show anyone love who has a different opinion. Sadly I wish it were different.
yet u support one of the most hateful persons on this planet NEXT ONE SIS
Again, I agree with you. The US govt is not loving people to death. They're bombing them. All over the world. PLEASE SPEAK OUT AGAINST IT. #Syria #Somalia #Iraq #Afghanistan #Libya #Yemen #NoMoreWar #SpreadLoveNotBombs
#BoycottKanye
tell trump that
Let's all give a shoutout to Mrs. Alveda today, because she's been saying it for years. @AlvedaCKing
There is nothing more powerful than love to change the world.  It starts inside and radiates out, lighting everything it lands on.  Fuel for the soul.  Ravening wolves without hope of relief have spread fear and hate.  Love is the answer.
Amen brother!!
love rules the world..hate sucks
Splitting Dublin into two is the answer
He is back....
Donnie Darko is seriously overrated you need to stop
Love is always the answer
I love you
Then how could you support someone who became president based on hate and fear
Your guy lost his mind my friend

já pode virar colunista da capricho viu
nao aguento mais os tweets desse rapaz
conseguiu criar ranço até nos fãs que ainda restavam
I feel like hate is the literal antonym of love
It isn't. It is indifference.
Sorry bro
stop trying to make trump happen. it’s not gonna happen.
You are 100% right.  Kanye, as a parent.  Please help little Alfie Evans in Liverpool, England. There is a movement there to get him out of Adley Hey hospital and his parents are forbidden to leave.  He is only 23 months old.  You are the "Strongest" voice and can help!
So... Why do you support TRUMP ?
cómeme los cojones sinceramente
I love you on god.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
Ungazositshela wena... sifuna I album 
Liberals are only about “love” when it’s convenient for them.
More beauty less beastly #namaste 
Since Hate = love then showing hate is showing love?
Okay we hate that you love someone who hates anyone who is not a white man.
Day 2
Chess not checkers
If you’re reading this I love you
Love is? Or sarcastic love is?? Telling someone you hate that you love them when you dont?? Im not quite understanding these statements but I doubt I will get an explanation 
puras mamadas tio Kanye
Y’ll replying to Kanye West are his greatest fans, y’ll keep replying shit about him but yoo the dude doesn’t care #Kanye West
I’m sorry, what was the question?
Maybe you should tell that to your buddy Trump, who's current administration & policies all stem from his hatred towards others. The wall, the Muslim Ban, the Transgender Military Ban, the assault on women's rights.  This list goes on.....
I hate that I love you
You can't love God and hate God's image..
@yungcipper ??
and just LAST WEEK they hated you... but yea... go ahead and fall for that okey doke! You think he'd EVER stick up for you on ANYTHING that doesn't fit his agenda you're mistaken...
Your boy Trump is all about spreading love right? Wake up.
Still I hate you 

I have to completely agree!!!!  Love is (in my humble opinion) Much stronger and enduring than Hate.
People out here conveniently forgetting what Martin Luther King said; “Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” Stand by your own values
Where’s the other version of Yeezus? I been waiting...
I was just thinking are you gonna start to tweet today, everybody’s talking bout opinion on the politics now
Please stop talking rubbish go away
no you didn't!!!
?
And yet you support Liddle Donnie.  Better get your messages straight.
Everyone rn


then why were you posing with a white supremacist flashing a white supremacist sign with a MAGA hat on
Tell your dragon brother lol
1 Corinthians 13:13 ...And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love!
Who at the Mickey Mouse Club told you that when you grow up you could be President
We are #PatriotsUnite and with that comes a commitment to one another.  We are bonded by our Love of this great America and we stand together in truth justice and the American way.  So I ask, respectively, @kanyewest, R u with us?
Jai hos Kanye Baba ki!!!!
Love is Always the Answer!
Love is the answer.
Hate is such a weak emotion

Deep

men du tigger ju om d
We must #Love the #Truth and ALWAYS SPEAK THE #Truth... U are not nor have Not done so where @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is concerned. So, this is why Ur disingenuous with this #Tweet!  Does he even know how to spell T.R.U.T.H??? #PlaytimeIsOver!  #DesmondMarrow
and were back.
