More fake news from @CNN
there's always one nut job at the party. You're a disgrace and truly deplorable
ever taken the time to pull background reports on the "victims?" I have.  Victoria Leigh Soto does not exist.
citation needed, or are we just making shit up Jason?
The same public info databases are available to you. Do the heavy lifting. You will learn more.
so you can't prove your claim, no problem.
go to the fbi database, nobody from that town died that day my friend and certainly not 26 kids. mansplain that for me
Right I'm on it, I'll get back to you.
the people that say Sandy Hook was a "put up job" make me sick.  Children were killed for an insane reason.
Do some critical thinking and investigate Sandy hook it's a fraud
dude, the critical thinking train left the station long ago for you. You don't get to use those words.
Are you sure about that?
Most the stuff you see on the MSM is bullshit bro...you are misinformed
Most of the MSM is part of the story...MSM doesn't create fake news.
The MSM lie and distort to further narratives
I'd say leave things out, but sure, same concept.
Sandy Hook was suspicious and under investigated to the max :(
nice picture of four different people, what's your point caller?
if you read the police report that is not true. they state that was misinformation to her relatives
So why can't teachers be armed to give themselves a fighting chance? Maybe save some lives in the process and stop these psychopaths.
@amyschumer #bullshit #sandyhookhoax #bostonhoax #pulsehoax
@amyschumer Gun free zones don't work
IF SHE EVER EXISTED, SHE MIGHT HAVE DONE THAT, BUT SANDY HOOK WAS A TOTAL HOAX.
#shero_of_sandyhook
why is honesty so hard to find....you're just not looking  in the right place yet THINK ABOUT IT!
real American hero
you think it happened step back look into it think objectively dont use major news because they are part of lie or no alexjones
Allegedly. There’s always that theory that Gen. Flynn’s son has that it was nothing more than False Flag gov’t staged fake.
@amyschumer Hero.
"Her sister-in-law described Adam Lanza's mother as a gun enthusiast who owned at least a dozen firearms" #SandyHook
@jaketapper @amyschumer
! @web_rant @jaketapper @amyschumer "adam lanza" is a fabrication and never existed
@MRbelzer #SandyHoax
@amyschumer such bravery.
where are you in tying the Sandy Hook deniers to Trump?  They are right there!  

Journalist?
*1st grade teacher was also seen at the boston bombing when she was supposed to be dead.
can you prove is the same person? Same name? Same DNA structure? No because you base your statement on images, lame.
do your research. Yes i can prove its the same person
show me your evidence, I truly want to see how coherent your evidence truly is
@BrandonBarelman I got goosebumps reading about this person! What a sacrifice!
SANDY HOOK & BOSTON BOMBING HOAX:Associated Press Foreknowledge16YEARS IN ADVANCE:http://youtu.be/wM4omhc4DF0 
- Why do you crazy fucks think pointing to some random YT video somehow confirms your ludicrous theories?
WHO ARE TRING TO CONVINCE? THE PROOF IS THERE: IVE SEEN IT: WHY DO THINK THEY CALL US TRUTH-ERS? WE KNOW THE TRUTH
-at least your caps lock works. Also you're insane.
REALLY, THAT INSULT  MAKES FACTS  VANISH.. TO SUIT PERSONAL EMOTIONAL NEEDS? IN YOU'RE BRAIN..HMMM
DO GO ON….
- This anniversary is so heart-breaking.  Thank u for helping to keep their memories alive & reminding us we must do more!
very brave.
hero
@whyofcorso crying....thank you for this memorial. I adore your heart for justice.
SANDY HOOK & BOSTON BOMBING HOAX:Associated Press Foreknowledge16YEARS IN ADVANCE:http://youtu.be/wM4omhc4DF0  GUN CONTROL
and, speaking of Fake News... cue: Houston Media News...
BUZZ WORDS? SAD: SO YOU KEEPING UP THE HOAX  FOR PAY OR JUST UNREAD & SUGGESTIBLE? YOU EVER NOT BELIEVED THE TV?
Believe in pressing shift instead of using caps lock. 
she was a noble teacher.
no endorsement contract, no shoe deal. Just a hero.
such a sad day
@JasonLaCanfora #hero
@futurevoid I remember this day so well.  I was still so raw with grief at that time.  This day hurt so much more & still does.
@Dukeblogger Just sad, so sad.
CNN loves the Moloch machine.
@GavinNewsom thank you!
Heartbreaking reminder of the cruel indifference and utter cowardice of our GOP dominated Congress.
Definitely. GOP cares not for people, just money and guns.
@JasonLaCanfora what a fraud this whole thing was, desperate attempt to regulate guns.......failed.
@JasonLaCanfora yes keep feeding the public bullshit.
yet there are people out there who think sandy hook was a conspiracy/hoax that didn't actually happen. Sickening
I can't believe people think this was a hoax. Really sad. Watch the parents and know it's all to real for them
It's finally hit me that LaCanfora is no different than those religious nuts who try to impose their religion.
@JasonLaCanfora #Hero
fake
this is nothing compared to what cops do to us every day #BlackLivesMatter
Thank you for remember this brave and beautiful woman. RIP Victoria.
no age 27 so sorry.
Its heartbreaking to revisit this past. We failed her, the system failed her. Courageous woman indeed. Rip Ms Soto.
Sure she was...
Was she able to be armed?
Sincere thanks for your timeline and tributes today, @jaketapper. #SandyHook
OMG! SANDY HOOK KIDS "ALIVE" CLEAR EVIDENCE!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQVRlEe2A94 …
very sad. A true American hero.
Hey Jake, what's Robbie Parker doing these days?
The trolls disgust me.  Not scrolling down further.  Rest in peace, Ms. Soto.  :(
@TeamVickiSoto RIP Vicky

your TL now is heartbreaking but necessary. Never forget
I so admire her
BS !! Left wing propaganda #falseflag
Bless you for posting these, Jake. I am a Connecticut teacher and these treasures and their families are in our hearts daily.
It's a shame she didn't have an effective way of protecting them.
deplorable you are.
Why, thank you!
you're welcome.
A true American hero. #SandyHook
true hero
true hero/heroine
thank you for doing this. My heart breaks seeing these pictures.
What @jaketapper is doing on his TL right now is amazing and heartbreaking. #SandyHook
For the Lord loves the just
and will not forsake his faithful ones.
Wrongdoers will be completely destroyed
Psalm 37:28
#nogreaterlove
.@jaketapper a true American hero.
Just as much as Spiderman is a true American hero
thank you for honoring them.
@FOX26Michelle beautiful eyes
thank you for sharing these, Jake. Heartbreaking to get through all of them, but important to share. RIP to these angels
The face of an American hero. No confusion about that.
i started to reply, but instead used Block and Mute, now I've done with 4 others.
