Thank you!
How do you get an investigation of this  when the RT controls all branches and are protecting him
.@SenatorShaheen There's ZERO proof Russia tampered with elections but PLENTY of proof local officials did
I guess there are a lot of peeps here who don't believe 17 US intelligence agencies. Thank you Senator!
hey sheep, that was debunked. There isn't even 17 agencies. @SenatorShaheen
Zero proof. Dems lost because of continued failed policy not because of Russia.
Thank you! Keep fighting!
THIS IS INTERFERENCE MORON!
THE American Collaboration with Chechen Terrorists EXPOSED
what about all the illegals interfering in our elections. We can't allow non citizens to select our leaders
you should call out the DNC and CNN while you're at it
why? We're 3 million plus illegal alien votes Russian?
Seriously. Do you understand how pathetic you look with this tweet?? You have my pitty.
I pity you for misspelling a simple word
thank you!America Durant want a #PutinPuppet sworn in as our President - especially if Putin hacked oy Democracy
Before Election: Hillary's Emails are secure and unhackable.

After Election: Hillary lost because her email was hacked.
Shaheen was heavily involved with Lois Lerner in IRS political attacks - Shaheen takes $$ from anti-cop Soros
@jaketapper How about a Comey hearing too?
#whitehouse @skynews

Who were the principal government entities involved with Stuxnet?

Foot in mouth?
How does it taste?
@MrDane1982 it's beyond belief that this has not outraged our government.
they didn't fkn interfere with your election you liar!!! Stop your propaganda fake news. It's the DNC who rig shit; REMEMBER
even your own president that Russia didn't interfere with the elections, #redherring
All the analyzing why Trump won and the cyber attacks on DNC and Podesta are hardly mentioned ?
@rollcall You people are delusional, and creating the fake news your also crowing about. HRC is criminal, corrupt, flawed
@AndreaChalupa Yeh, we shd retaliate by intrferin in Rusian elexionz. Wait.....wut? Dey don realy HOLD elexionz?
did they fly people over to vote illegally or something? Sorry my mistake that what the democrats do with illegal voters.
When are you going 2 call 4 hearings on this? Dems/HRC ILLEGALLY trying to throw election. 6 Video's
look at all these batshit crazy brainwashed delusional pieces of crap responding, scared of recounts. Chasing infowars lies.
W/our slave era constitution and electoral college we can hardly talk about "democracy".
You have ZERO evidence, quit wasting my time and tax $, and cease the war mongering with Moscow. You put us all at risk! 
"an unacceptable violation of our democracy" - a little bit of what you have been doing in the last 200 years...
THANK YOU!  Senator Shaheen
@CNN @msnbc @foxnews why aren't you covering this instead of normalizing white nationalism and fascism? Cover @SenatorShaheen
thank you. Keep it up! It's appalling that the whole Senate isn't on board with this.
@AndreaChalupa Senator please get on TV then!!  CNN is sick with Trump Love now. Help us!!
@elizabethforma  my FOIA request was blocked declassify @realDonaldTrump. Russian and White Supremacists ties.
thanks. I hope your colleagues will hold Comey to account for disregarding due process & meddling in election @AndreaChalupa
@AndreaChalupa Thank you Senator
dear senator shaheen thank you so much for taking this initiative. Very imp we know Russia involvement before dec 19
is not alone in her quest to reveal the truth!
stop embarrassing yourself and follow obama's advice and accept the results
maybe you forgot obama's attempt to manipulate israels election.Maybe you also forgot Obama mocking trump w/rigged election
This is very important!
all of the polls were so close! Why is is so hard to believe Trump won without Russian interference? Get over ur selves!
Communist Senator Shaheen targeted political free speech in America - she could be indicted
election map-democrats keep losing because they are corrupt liars-Shaheen-a do-nothing anti-police fraud who takes Soros$$
Indictment watch 2017: Clinton, Huma, Soros, - to start
this is why President-Elect Trump won & R's control all levers of government-lying crooked Democrats!
The democrat party takes money from anti-police riot starter Soros & terrorist regimes to Clinton foundation-
GOOD please expose all of the illegal votes. Finally it will be brought to light
Any other fake news stories you want to hold hearing on? Investigate Bat Boy next please.
we all know your boy @georgesoros helped with voter fraud for Crooked Corrupt Clinton
I'm also calling for hearings on the Easter Bunny, encouraged by your belief in fantasy
There is 0 proof 'cept the attempts at deflection by your fellow democrats. Focus Dem's use of illegal votes to pump up #s
you're delusional get over it all ready. The people have spoken.
How did they interfere?Telling the truth about the Dems.What If an American?Call them a Russian sympathizer?
we don't live in a democracy, it's a constitutional republic.  And ur a Senator?  Scary.
did that proof show up? Senator, you wouldn't make allegations you can't back up would you?
Well..@SenatorShaheen I guess it's a good thing we are a representative republic, huh?
Sen.Shaheen seems to have been absent from the Russian conspiracy debunking months ago. #epicfail
Show proof..........
Judging from all these responses to your tweet it appears you have overwhelming support, senator! Maybe Russia hacked ur acc
Senator Shaheen, have you called yet for hearings on the Obama administration's BLATANT interference in ISRAELI elections?
THANK YOU FOR CONTINUING TO ASK FOR INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIA'S  HACKING OF ELECTION. TRUMP CAMP COLLUSION??
yes, and clinton getting her rear end handed to her is unacceptable to liberals. Why dont you just say it? U lost! Deal w/it
Even if Russia did interfere, they would have favored Crooked Hillary who hooked them up with that sweet uranium deal.
Pls pay no attention to Trump's Russian trolls flooding UR twitter @SenatorShaheen real Americans want an investigation
Real Americans in 57 counties.
Senator, why do you not have a problem with out-of-state UNH, Dartmouth, PSU/KSU students distorting NH politics?
Thank you @SenatorShaheen for standing up to the corruption in today's @GOP we can't let the Russians take them over
LOL!! Oh, you were serious. Sorry.
Yep @kennylatimer216 if UR supporting the Billionaire U've been duped, Mnuchin worked for Sorors b4 stealing houses from Seniors and workers
Don't be scared. We're just making America great again. 
Not scared @kennylatimer216 just sadden America has so many gullible people they'd vote for a crook like Trump
Who do you believe was the better option?
The most investigated and cleared candidate we've ever had @kennylatimer216 with a 250 page policy book too, won the popular vote too
Okay, now I know you're joking.
Based on what, genius?
if you're gonna allege something give us proof!
You know how you can stop voter fraud Senator? Voter ID. The Russians didn't all fly over here and vote. Illegals did.
Senator Shaheen, have you called yet for hearings on the Obama administration's BLATANT interference in ISRAELI elections?
how about we investogate soros and democratic funding?
hmmm... I didn't know Soros was Russian.
are you going to include obama's interference in Israeli elections also?
@jaketapper That ship has sailed,  Jeannie.
As a sitting Senator you must know that we live in a representative Republic, right? I am busily making your tinfoil hat!
about time
Sorry Senator, but I'm 2 old for this old trick. But better luck next time. P.S HRC lost HRC the election.
how about calling 4 an inquiry into @HillaryClinton illegal involvement w/bird dogging, violence, voter fraud, campaign $$?
Thank you! Democracy is at stake. You are a true patriot.
I would be willing to Impeach Shaheen for treason trying to get us in war with Russia
HRC interfered in 2011 Russian election. Now Dems implode & seek to blame outsiders.  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/dec/08/vladimir-putin-hillary-clinton-russia …
Sen the DNC was Rich Seth, the Podesta was he himself not locking his phone and leaving it in a cab. Educate yourself
where is your proof? Please provide evidence without spewing a narrative backed up by facts. It's downright appalling.
@jaketapper Why didnt PBO say anything to Putin when they last met? He said it was in the past?
Same old rhetoric, same leadership, same outcome. Think about this, only 57 counties out of 3141 voted for your ideology.
why didn't you complain when Obummer tried to sway British vote. Another pathetic attempt by liberals.  The people spoke
- liberal leftists take no responsibility, just like their ocrappa daddy. Shows in their kids demonstrating in the streets.
Worries about Russia ignores Voter ID, illegals voting, voter registration fraud DNC caught on camera.... Russia fits agenda
Just waste more time and money
Didn't realize you could hack paper ballots.
well you can.
Did you stamp your feet when you said that?
not very astute are you?
That's some big words there. You sure you're using them correctly?
oh and please put Ellison in charge of the DNC. Look at the Governors/Congress you have lost in eight years. Thank you
Change "Russia" to "Australian Labor Party" and you might be onto something. The truth escapes you!
IDIOTS! THERE IS NO PROOF RUSSIA INTERFERED! JUST STOP THE LIES! TRUMP IS OUR 45TH PRESIDENT! GET OVER IT!
@jaketapper And again- didn't happen. You're just trying to delegitimize what you don't like.
@jaketapper I assume you will also be investigating Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster, Leprechauns interference w/our Democracy
But you let Soros and Saudis do it.
no proof whatsover
.@SenatorShaheen 

@jaketapper & @wolfblitzer are ANGRY that Russia is trying to influence our elections: 
"That's OUR JOB here @CNN"
@jaketapper Maybe Russia thought they were charged too much for the uranium and their way of revenge.
@jaketapper Good to know you firmly grasp what just happened. Go this route and you'll lose even more seats in 2018.
.@SenatorShaheen NOBODY interfered in our elections MORE than @DWStweets 
She was CAUGHT RED-HANDED rigging the #DNC Primaries

@jaketapper
if they did we should thank them for sparing us the Clinton corruption, time to investigate NH next
@SenBobCorkers a bit busy trying for the SOS job. Too busy to look into Russians hacking. Maybe Snowden's free? @jaketapper
what about the UN? Let's ignore that
No hearings though on the 33,000 emails or the CF?
where's the evidence?
There is none. Just believe it. Oh, and also don't watch fake news. We'll tell you which ones.
@jaketapper Ask the Senator how many elections around the world the US has manipulated, how many coups we have led?
@jaketapper
@jaketapper tree in the forest.
