You're a clown regurgitating Democrat talking points. Retire, Lindsey. Help your country for once.
You are mistaking "talking points" with national security.
False. Cite proof of this hacking and how it hurt election.  @LindseyGrahamSC
Election was close. Voters were swayed by leaks.  Russians leaked D emails, not R emails. QED
No proof of Russia leak, leftist sock. Hillary lost bc she ignored important states.  @grahamcraig3 @LindseyGrahamSC
just curious. What website or news source would you deem credible enough?
"just curious" Starting off with lies is a terrible opening. @isabeldraves @grahamcraig3 @LindseyGrahamSC
not trying to be condescending. What would you need to see and from where?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @_cingraham You have zero proof of #RussianHacking. You're a tufu-licking  #warmongering fool. How's your #BFF Huma?
What the hell is a "tufu"?
sorry your reading skills aren't sufficient for you to read a typographical error. *Tofu
did seem like the most likely answer but, like, why would someone lick tofu?
because some tofu dishes are delicious? I guess?
No, its because he's Lindsey. He'll lick anything.
it would actually be more dignified if you could at least own up to your bigotry.
I'm not a bigot nor any of the other labels that get tossed around like confetti.
@janesports might want to tell trump and that asshole Paul Ryan
Paul Ryan is a sellout.  I have no respect for him.  Lindsey Graham and a few others are PATRIOTS!
go easy on the praise for Lindsey. He still wants #comradetrumpski sworn in.
I don't think he can say he is against Trump at this point.  If evidence of treason I'm sure he will change.
don't agree that treason should be the measure. If Russia interfered then we shouldn't be accepting the election results.
I agree unless Trump conspired with Putin.  If it's treason people need to be charged.
Agree but I think it needs to happen now. If he takes power the GOP will squash everything. They're already blocking investigation
I agree.  Fingers crossed we here something within the next day.  Hopefully @POTUS holds a press conference.
yes!  Our lives depend on it!
Never thought  @LindseyGrahamSC and I would be on the same page, but this... 
with ya!  Country over party.  We can all go back to sparring later after we save our own collective asses!
@dcasapwarren and what, Senator, are you going to do about it?
Not a damn thing. Gee, I wonder why
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-fates-of-5-men-connected-to-the-trump-russia-dossier_us_589f5472e4b080bf74f03cd6 …
What are we going to do abt it? A large %, perhaps even the majority of Americans believe this was a flawed election.
GOP and its cult followers are on Russian side. How do Americans fight back. have to VOTE them out.
Unthinkable that electors may not have transparency before Dec 19. What did Trump's advisors know and when?
@robreiner Senator Graham, you can start standing together by properly referring to the opposing party as "Democratic."
Health care is all our issue, ACA can be fixed. 7 yrs undermining can be reversed. Insurance pulled out bc took away financial incentives.
Trump's Win Was ALL Russia's Doing CYBER HACKED THE ELECTION! FAKED RESULTS! HILLARY WON PEOPLES VOTE 3+ MILLION
yes it undermines the integrity of our electoral process!  It damages American faith more than any single politician
The Republicans colleagues agree with you on 1 point Russian Hacking during the US presidential election is not an issue.
Why are so many Repubs in direct opposition to this statement?
If you're for real,push your fellow GOP to investigate #45.Also clean your own house, @jasoninthehouse is doing shit, being
unless Hillary was the real winner then... not so much right ?  I thought you guys knew last year?  Nice concern now
@RubeBait so did you vote for Russia's chosen Secretary of State?
Yes!! When do the hearings begin? 853 days of #Benghazi hearings! Surely our #Democracy is as important! #Constitution
@Lawrence    Now take action.  It's your responsibility!
@_h_Dawg God bless you for caring about our great democracy! 
@JJohnsonLaw the American people wanted out of Iraq ASAP, it's not @POTUS that left Iraq too soon. Stop blaming him.
Thank you, sir
Couldn't agree more. Will you and @SenJohnMcCain join Dems in blocking Putin's cabinet picks until we get a proper panel?
Seriously, if the two of you want the bipartisan panel we need to get to the bottom of this, the best course
is to force a clearly unwilling Republican leadership to set one up if they want to do anything.
It was the Republican strategy to get power back and it worked. Might work here, but for a good cause
I hope that means you won't confirm the Russian-linked appointments
I respect you. Continue to stand up for our country. Please stand up to this unstable President.
Go the F away. Hillary lost because of Hillary.
one day at the time
@jfreewright Thank you for leading the charge but be sure to stay on the side of justice not party.
Change of plans. Justice is for suckers.
#CountryFirst
@robreiner you've got to do something. I told my brother b4 election if trump won we'd wake up in Russia 
@Lawrence I don't agree with most of your politics but you're right on the money here. I think most of the country agrees.
Thank you, Sen. Graham. Respect for your standing up for US democracy & national security. Those who don't aren't patriots.
Thank you so much, sir!  You are a true Patriot.
in this case, I'm hoping that means you will be pushing for declassification of all intel on the matter.
and a full hearing *BEFORE* Inauguration Day.
She insists AFTER her party steals a SCOTUS seat and elects an outright racist and misogynist
together - I'm not sure your party knows what that means.
@robreiner Never thought I'd be agreeing with Lindsey Graham.
@robreiner one cannot fathom how many Americans believe Russia helped with the " truth"- its mind blowing foolishness
Thank you, Sen. Graham for your leadership.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/15/us/politics/paul-manafort-ukraine-donald-trump.html …
So what did the Russians give to Trump to blackmail you into defending this Coup on our democracy? Was it worth selling us out to Putin? You and your colleagues are a stain on the Constitution and your grandchildren and great-grandchildren will pay the price....
@maggieNYT Thank you, Senator Graham.
Trump inviting Russia to hack. #ElectoralCollege
@MariaTeresa1 Why is this difficult to understand? Why is @POTUS NOT saying anything? This is an undeclared natl emergency.
class act, sir. Thank you, from a liberal.
What's changed, @LindseyGrahamSC ? What did Trump tell you he has on you that has made you change your tune?
Standing together. Thank you for speaking up. Please also act swiftly and strongly.
We r , waiting for republican sinners to stroke out so we can move forward
Why does everyone avoid talking about the Actual Emails? Hacking attempts is not new, Podesta did not follow Protocol...
Thank you for putting country over party.  Now can you get @RandPaul and others to get on board, please?
@HamiltonElector Why do you only have a problem with it AFTER the election?
@SenJohnMcCain Since you 2 seem to be the only Rs with a backbone, PLEASE do something!  #RussiaHacking
@DonnaThorson this dem stand with you.  This is an American thing.
Thank for acknowledging Americans. Please support our democracy now.
Convince your GOP colleagues - they are MIA
GOP Congress currently is all talk and next to no action. I'll believe it when I see it.
Russian interference means Putin acted on Trump's behalf and you are a complicit for supporting of a rigged election.
if there were actually any evidence other than hearsay by the losing party...
again... no evidence of the Russians... conjecture. Also wut was uncovered is ignored. Yawn
sure it is... lots of hearsay and specious arguments...
The CIA oes not engage in hearsay or 'specious' arguments, you ninny.
riiiiight... http://time.com/3628324/torture-congress-lying-hayden …
Never happens. U guys really want 2 believe it.he'll still be president...
Exactly. Country before party, ideals before ideology.
If @realDonaldTrump doesn't support investigation & sanctions agnt Russia, he's unfit to be Commander in Chief.
unfit!!!
Sen.Graham The American public have been robbed of a fair election sir .To allow Trump the presidency signals Putin Win..
I would also like to point out that many crimes have been perpetrated against America by not only Team Trump but some GOP
does Graham mean "not a Republican or Democratic issue"? or "not a Republic or Democrat issue"?
splitting hairs, no?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Democrat_Party_(epithet) …
But the GOP controls Congress and presidency.  With great power comes great responsibility.  It's your mess to clean up.
Dear Lindsey, Please get the necessary paperwork, do what U have to do, to arrest Trump.Treason is a start @LindseyGrahamSC @sweetangelface
Really Graham? It does not seem like republicans are interested in doing anything to stop it. Did Russia pay you all off?
@theresamax It is a world problem if hacking puts an egomaniac like @realDonaldTrump in office!
I never imagined I'd be following you, but here I am. Please fight for us and our independence from Russian influence!
you lost. Get over it
and yet we won almost 3 million more votes than your puffy Russian puppet.
besides standing, what are you actively, transparently, aggressively doing about it?
Not a damn thing.
@timefornewparty #RevoteRestoresUSA #Revote
Why do you have to use that tea party "Democrat" nonsense. It's the DEMOCRATIC PARTY. Geez.
The brainwashed Trumpists will never accept this. Show them the proof and they'll say it's fake, like the news they read.
Does typing in caps make you feel more authoritative?
"No, little man, it makes it easier for mental midgets like you to read big letters" re-wrote it for you.
Yes she does resemble a cave dweller ->@kimidwa
It's cyberwarfare and you know it didn't stop with hacking of DNC & RNC, and won't stop unless USA does something about it.
so... what was found isn't important? Wanna talk about that?
of course it wasn't, that's why it "interfered" with the American elections. consistency please!
sure, nothing. How's Donna Brazile vacations over nothing? 
it was enough to get Bernie supporters to vote trump, but it was 'nothing'...
journalists asking for vetoing stories for publication? Business as usual!
@JABaloney You r correct! Where r GOP members standing w you 4 our nation? Where is special commission?
agree
@thegarance Agree. What is disgraceful, is GOP and Trump's complicity and unwillingness to face the gravity of this.
disgraceful Thomas!!!
Trump supporter?
who me Thomas??
If we have proof Russia altered our election outcome, why has the President not said a thing?
@Lawrence Russia has declared war on the USA. Trump is clearly insane and in bed with Putin. Everyday he embarrasses us.
better find out the truth first.
you are aware of the DNC guy who was killed last June aren't you?
Please tell me you can provide sources other than the Daily Mail... That taboid has no journalistic integrity.
you don't know who Seth Rich is do you.
He was the source. He was also murdered last June. He worked for the DNC.  wise up, pal.
Oh come on mate, that's from Sorcha Faal. The nutter is a sensationalist whose "theories" are utter rubbish.
I assume you also believe Vince Foster committed suicide.
Mate, just, drop it. What the Clintons are most likely guilty of is white collar crime. Shoddy murders are bad for business.
@TheDailyEdge Protect the U.S.A. Trump Operatives: you would say the same crap if it were HRC the Russians helped, right.
Thank you Senator for standing up for America
-Sen you're a wannabe president who never past an opportunity to stand before cameras..Now you are peddling crap-as usual
Thank you!
You sir, are a traitor and I cannot wait to vote you OUT! OPEN MIC-OBAMA TO RUSSIA.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XsFR8DbSRQE …
@SenatorShaheen Thano you for your strong voice on this very urgent matter @LindseyGrahamSC
Well ....good job ...you do know now that the trumpers will hate you
@lisskron They've been doing for years. China was proven to do it & what did O do?
Great @LindseyGrahamSC Talk to your buddies @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr
Thank you, Senator.
@studioexec1 it didn't make one iota of difference.   People voted for whom they wanted. Treating people like idiots silly
People are idiots. @thehugheslady @LindseyGrahamSC
never underestimate the electorate..bad politics
Yes!!  Thank you!!!
thanks for another one of your lectures Lindsey. I see it as a complete failure by this Democratic admin to keep us safe
So are we just going to hand the Country to Russia via Trump?
@Lawrence I agree and this is our country we need to unite to stop this.  Thanks for patriotism.
Lindsey wants to do the only thing he knows how to do, besides hugging John McCain, he wants boots on the ground, dammit!
@SheWhoVotes
We should but MOST Republicans WON'T! Y, bcuz Republicans won the jackpot w/Trump as President; party over cntry!
I hope everyone is aware that the CIA does the same stuff abroad.
Thank you for fighting but it's kind of more republican in terms of willing participants. Sad
@Lawrence if you are serious then delay the Elector College from voting Monday so they can hear the classified evidence.
It is about time you do something about it, and quit talking about it. Until Trump is impeached, its just yakity yak.
@MalcolmNance no shit, tell your GOP boys this isn't politics it's American Sovereignty
Thank you!
LOL The real hacking is GOP/DNC voter suppression/election fraud eliminating Sanders & installing Trump illegally
@Marina_Sirtis yet it wasn't an issue before the election when you first found out Senator? History will judge you poorly.
Thank you, Senator Graham. This is an important statement. Please don't let go of it.
@TheDailyEdge Too late. Hope nothing bad will transpire.
@lecumberry show us some proof of it, I do not accept hearsay as proof.
thank you @LindseyGrahamSC .... my faith in ability of Republican reps to be also GOOD Americans restored.
The U.S. must retaliate in some form, a cyber second strike.
so gullible. Lol
Please tell that to Donald Trump.
Agreed, a select committee is required for this. If we can have on Benghazi, you need one here!
I did start liking U, Lindsey, when you were in back seat talking about Joe Biden! Ur Human side is Better than Your Pol 1
Where were you before the election?
  TRUMP asked the Russians to hack Hillary.  He has responsibility in this!
agreed!
@krinhoh can I borrow your high heels then?
I'm just gonna assume you mean his, cuz I don't think I own any.
yeah LG; everyone knows he's a closet queen
I was really hoping that's where you were going. Maybe I'll borrow some from him too.
You need to get Obama & DJT to make joint statement against Russia..or come up with a plan. The 2 could make huge statement
@shanesmith30 @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP @SenateDems @senatejud #WhatWouldReaganDo?   Why does Leadership disagree? #Reagan.
@MaxBoot and what if the PEOTUS knew about it b4 or while it was occurring? Whats the consequence for that Sen. Graham?
Are you asking patriots to accept the election result regardless of whether an enemy of our country caused the result?
yet to be proven a hack influence election! Trump won key states by fractions, if was due hack would been thousands!
@drumbeats4peace and do what??
That being said,what Exactly do you plan to handle this / please,a sincere answer. Thanks in advance.
Lindsey I'll be honest and say I was never a fan, but on this issue you are right on. You've got my respect on this issue.
it's time to count all the votes including #ProvisionalBallots @Greg_Palast @RevDrBarber #inners #maddow
Agreed! Now explain it to the GOP.Thank you so much for your integrity and true love for this country. You have character!
Thank you, Senator Graham!
#SinceWhen #Senator?
Tell YOUR friends this. Dems got it, GOP doesn't seem to. .@SpeakerRyan doesnt appear to give a rats ass!!
@AnotherVoice3 YOU'RE THE UNITER NEVER TRAITOR TREASONOUS @realDonaldTrump
show us the evidence
Sir, I don't often agree with you but on this we are of one patriotic mind. Country first. This is an intolerable situation
Ditto!
@Lawrence thank you
I find it outrageous that many in congress aren't appalled by what has taken place. Unite against outside interference.
still waiting for any proof, you're demonstrating no leadership.
Funny coming from you working for the better of Country is the same!    What about last 8 years no Nation building done
definitely.  Agree
@SHomerDrummond Amen!
Before H lost - Obama "not possible to hack our election, no serious person would say this".
@RadioFreeTom thank you.
@donnabrazile Thank you Senator Graham for having the integrity to be citizen first, politician second.
@MegynPrice Remember, HRC opened the door with server, DNC, Podesta. anyone included on her email threads were at high risk
bless you Lindsey graham
@robreiner  country before party.
REAGAN MUST BE TURNING IN HIS GRAVES WHEN HE SEES HIS OWN PARTY TURNING RUSSIAN'S LOVER
Yes! Yes! A thousand times yes. Please make sure the truth is known.
@RichardJSunkle  Senator, can you shut up for five minutes....please?
Aiding and abetting the globalist elites
...no evidence it was Russia..it could have been a phishing hacking..click on something in his email..
@richeisen  stand for what..them exposing our corrupt ass govt. I stand behind russia on this one.
I think its time for you and @SenJohnMcCain to become Independents and reign in this President-Elect #countryfirst
IT IS MUCH OF A REPUBLICAN ISSUE SEN , YOU WERE AWARE. NUFF SAID .
Stand, shmand. DO SOMETHING about it besides impotent tweets. It's your party that created this monster.
great but he's not willing to state what any thinking person realizes...Donald knew.
@NormOrnstein thank you Lindsey. #sanity #godsaveAmerica
Too bad you couldn't be bothered stating this BEFORE the election.  SMFH!!!
Unfortunately your congressional colleagues don't seem to care.
@PeteDominick Love it
Too bad your peeps are as partisan as shit on a stick and dont GAF.
HELP US!!
Well this sucks. Another Republican I've agreed with this month. Desperate times call for odd bedfellows
thank you!!!
@CYNTHIA60131208 Probably not what you would say had it not worked out in your parties favor.
@ZCigar Please remember those white crosses at Arlington.  The ultimate sacrifice for democracy that we are giving away.
@SenatorShaheen thanks for acting on gross tampering against our democracy & not being like those with partisan blindness
AG Loretta Lynch came out today admitted no Russian hacking of election ..keep propagating lies idiot Graham
But if the GOP r unwilling 2 pursue this menacing issue then Patriotic Americans must force the issue.  Let us remain Free!
@Lawrence Senator Graham I am a Democratic but believe what you are saying is accurate and must be investigated
only those devoted to trump are obsessed with protecting him
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator
We all saw the PE support hacking on live national television during the debates.
thank you
@donnabrazile unfortunately the GOP didn't read the memo. As a veteran I'm beyond repulsed with Trump and his supporters.
Frightening that @LindseyGrahamSC & @walshfreedom are the only principled conservatives left. Or maybe just not on the payroll.
Why are so many #Republicans and #Trump supporters are suddenly defending #Putin and #Russia?
What a sad thing to see ....we are being treated like a 3rd World Country.  Please fight back!
and you're a traitor to the party Graham...welcome to the Democrats where you belong
