Do you consider Nancy Lanza a victim?
thats complicated. do you?
I do. She was the 1st victim. What would be the argument not to include her? I find erasing of her death problematic.
i was tweeting the names and pictures of the victims at Sandy Hook. Please pursue arguments elsewhere.
I don't want to argue you! I was curious about your decision. I think it's relevant the massacre started w/ a domestic homicide.
I agree with this.
I do, too.
Me too
@amyschumer you're making an argument against gun-free zone? I agree, gun-free zones are dangerous. #icarryallthetime
Nice photo of her and @amyschumer
#Benghazi
@amyschumer this is fake  please don't promote this junk there's no point lol 
@amyschumer boo hoo
is this tweet anti-gun or pro-shit eating?  is it promoting NEA pedophilia or PIZZAGATE normalcy?  Are all the facts available?!
Why do the kids from the Super Bowl look identical to the "dead" children from Sandy Hook?  Maybe because it was a hoax!
watch this: https://youtu.be/NPdFoEE4_A0?list=PLj87TVrPmbMIrCLZu-vwLxG-lkbN_4eR8 …
YO! THIS SHIT IS FAKE AS FUCK " #NOBODYDIEDATSANDYHOOK Free Adam Lanza. #DOYOURRESEARCH #PLEIADIANS http://nodisinfo.com/the-rachel-davino-case-solved-part/ … WAKE
@amyschumer Thank you for remembering these beautiful people.
actor, still alive
ditto. One day the ignorant will wake up.
@amyschumer All these deaths was http://senseless.How  many would have been saved if teachers were armed?
Only GOOD luck now for Sandy Hook. God bless them.
Why re-live this?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOizUIdRIpA …
@amyschumer
Democrats support abortion genocide against black people:
@amyschumer Wow, wasn't aware that dogs could live to 29
U sure as hell never cared enough 2 post anything about Sandy Hook rt after it happened? Why now? #self #marketing
Why don't U tell me to fuckoff already Amy? Why the silent treatment over plagiarism from my book? #guiltyconscience
she was an alumni of my high school whom I had met just months prior to the shooting 
@amyschumer This was a tragedy.  What is your point!
@amyschumer My heart breaks for them all.
@amyschumer Thank you Amy. I've been thinking about this all day. Thank you.
Nancy Lanza was not a victim.  She is a dumb lady lacking commonsense.  That's your unPC truth.  Straight up!  Don't beat bush.
Nancy Lanza mother of the shooter and his fist victim 

#SandyHook
and irresponsible parent and gun owner.
being a gun owner is relevant to her death??? Also how is she supposed to control everything her child does?
yes, she was irresponsible with the storage of firearms, her son had a mental illness, she shares culpability.
thank you for doing this
thank you for this today. This shud be daily reminder for gov. Officials and NRA. Can not believe that there are deniers of this
Hero
Didn't think I could be any more moved by #SandyHook until this- a former TA and one with a special choc lab too. Heartbreaking.
This is breaking my heart all over again.  I remember exactly when I heard the news, sat in dark room and sobbed for hours.
thank you for this.
When is this shit going to end? When will some common sense come into play? No parent should go thru this.
@careerfed Here's the one V one survey of Trump cabinet (Since they are doing DOE)- Was Sandy Hook a government conspiracy?
Thank you- we haven't done enough.
such a tragedy.
Thank for posting separate tweets with each victim's face. So heartbreaking forever especially here in CT. We never forget.
thank you for this, hard as it is to see, it's essential. Thanks @caseyrosewilson for sharing as well.
Goodbye, #PizzaGateTroll. Your sick fantasies are not of interest.
Thank you, sir. All love to the victims, their families, and loved ones.
@jaketapper
Thank you for these. As hard as it is to relive the trauma, it pales to what their families go through daily.
We still mourn the victims and remain angry at the failure of our so-called leaders. People are more important than guns.
OMG! SANDY HOOK KIDS "ALIVE" CLEAR EVIDENCE!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQVRlEe2A94 …
Goodbye, whacko conspiracist.
@kristenschaaled I remember that day so clearly & I'm fairly certain I remember listening 2 the radio when her sister called in
I wouldn't go on record as saying it was def her sister, but I live about 20 min from newtown.
I remember some1 called the radio saying they were on their way 2 the school &their sister Rachel worked there
she said she couldn't reach her&sounded panicked. I was sick. I hoped she was fine.
my husband came home from work&when we heard her name again he mentioned hearing the caller too
we were both broken. Still are. Our oldest daughter was 4 at the time. Youngest was 2months old that day
i was a daycare teacher/nanny. it all hit so close to home-literally&figuratively
we've never forgotten. I promise we'll never ever forget.
im still trying to find all of their social media accounts or any other records a typical "person" would have...
Thank you, Mr. Tapper.
your tweets are heartbreaking. Still feels almost as awful as that day. 
#RIPSandyHookvictims
The lesson not learned about Sandy Hook - no gun control law, short of ban & confiscation, would have prevented the tragedy.
Mental health privacy is and will be the shortfall of any gun control. Distracting with "no fly list" is shameful.
Thanks for this, Jake
Heart still aches. I grew up in Newtown; not lived there for yrs, but childhood innocence retroactively obliterated
I made a Storify for this thread here: https://storify.com/mofroe/jake-tapper-honors-sandy-hook-victims …
#SandyHook
Still Baffles me That ANYONE could say #SandyHook was a Hoax! Or Conspiracy!
thanks, let's never forget these beautiful live taken too soon. Again, thank you.
Your tweets of Sandy Hook pictures have left me in tears. As usual,Jake, your communications skills are superb. A real service
amazingly tragic.. These individual and pics tweets of yours really bring it home
haven't you created enough haters with you're fake news ??Yet you continue
I'd hate for you to lose someone, then for sick people to say they never existed. Real Americans don't do that.
Every year I see this list and every year it makes me cry again like it just happened.
Remember, if you want to be remembered by media you have to die in group.
love this thread so much.
These names and photos are heartbreaking and important.
Heartbreaking! Have any Republican legis. sent sympathy messages on today's 4th Anniversary?What abt newly elected #PEOTUS?
Thanks for doing this. It's important to remember the souls lost. Sending prayers and love to all those families
Thank you for honoring them.  Sending love & light for the affected families still struggling.
