He did screw up Kansas along with Brownback!
Voter fraud is real...
JW has warned California to clean up its messy voter registration lists - or else face a federal lawsuit: http://jwatch.us/yy1raN  
State reps  tried to change the voter registration law but was vetoed by the dem governer. Uniform voter laws for federal elections needed
So much about kobach should be disqualifying. "Logic leap" is too cute a term. He's twisting a cherrypicked fact into a goddamn lie.
Attack the messenger, forget the facts, that's a typical Goebbels tactic.
Bezos Post Pravda is trying to whitewash the facts and the truth!   

They are asking liberals to close their eyes and ears; sadly many will
Instead of objectively ingesting facts, brainwashed liberals concoct rationales out from deep held beliefs programmed into them by Pravda!
How can someone as well-educated as Kobach act and speak so stupidly? I don't get it. Is there something in the air in Kansas?

He spins tales like McCarthy based on no proof whatsoever.  America you've done shitty things to people but it's 2017.  It's got to stop.

Also: Kris Kobach is a liar.
OUT OF STATE VOTER FRAUD - here's how it works for the Democrat criminals (including PRAVDA) SUBVERTING democracy!
Bezos Post Pravda is trying to whitewash the facts and the truth!   

They are asking liberals to close their eyes and ears; sadly many will
See nothing, hear nothing, think nothing, just believe blindly in MSM lies like programmed Borgs connected to an INSANE collective! Sad.
Instead of objectively ingesting facts, brainwashed liberals concoct rationales out from deep held beliefs programmed into them by Goebbels.
College students, duh. Not voters bussed in from Massachusetts. Whack jobs just cannot let it go because he lost NH. #Cult45
OUT OF STATE VOTER FRAUD - here's how it works for the Democrat criminals (including PRAVDA) SUBVERTING democracy!
Kobach and logic were made for each other. They go together like Jabba the Hutt and pole vaulting!
Trying to blatantly lie to America should be immediate dismissal! BS stories and propaganda from tRumps Cabal is all we are getting. #
With nary a word from repuglicans!! Failure to stand up to him makes them complicit!!
Bezos Post Pravda is trying to whitewash the facts and the truth!   

They are asking liberals to close their eyes and ears; sadly many will
Smartest person in the Trump sphere now.
*Participation medal* 
#Truth The crime ;Russians proved that our electoral elections are won the sane as theirs #fake news
If democrats are complaining, Kobach must be doing something right #VoterFraud
Another fraudster
The way things are framed by media is laughable. The #GOP is using Jim Crow tactics to stop minorities from voting. Where's that headline?
#Kobach personally disenfranchised millions of voters across the country. That should keep him as far from voting activities as possible
it took going over the number of voters that signed in to see they did not live in the state.Just like more people voted then registered
This is a no brainer. We know the DNC uses racism and immigration rhetoric to secure future minority voters. They calculate a 7% increase.
There's videos of ACTUAL voter fraud in NH so stop denying it #Veritas #VoterFraud
This is their way of ensuring college students are scared to vote
All of this is disturbing. Now many people's info is at risk to so many crimes, first place right to privacy.
No, @pbump/@daveweigel leaps of logic should disqualify THEM as journalists and a publication. But b/c #1stAm
Liberals are afraid of the truth.
The real witch hunt
Exactly why states are refusing to turn over voter records, they have something to hide.
@SenatorShaheen It's called DO THE MATH we know MSM and DEMOCRATS CAN'T ADD OR SUBTRACT UNLESS ITS SOMEBODY ELSE'S MONEY
Fix our election process now,the Dems won't underestimate the amount of fraud they need 2 win next time as they did in 2016#StopTheFraud
It's not that the Dems didn't commit voter fraud;just underestimated how much normal Americans hated craven Hillary#TheyWontLetItHappenAgain
Yeah, because if u just keep denying it's happening it won't be happening.
Sununu refuted claims of busloads from MA at NH poles, as did SOS.
Using out of state DL legal photo ID - they do have to show NH domicile
Kobach ignores 
- non NH residents can register cars in NH to avoid sales tax in other states 
- many in list out out of state DL are GOP
you're doing a great job of maintaining the current 6% media trust rate #fakenews
His take on immigration too
He is agent orange's minion, that itself should be enough to disqualify him
He needs to be fired for conduct detrimental to the citizens of the United States
We get it..the left is scared to death of a real investigation into vote fraud. BTW to catch someone you have to actually care about fraud.
Kobach has lost for lawsuits filed against him for voter suppression. 

But do blame the Left for being the issue.
Four*
No he should not, because it's true. The Dems will cheat anyway they can to be elected, but they are not getting away withy it anymore.
Found no election committee, on both sides, ever.
Stay blind, there's less 4 u 2 c that way...

Most of those out of state licenses were used in, surprise...college towns.
How many voted in two states?
Why doesn't he find out?
"I saw bus loads of out of state voters brought to NH by Clinton bodyguards...who then killed them to silence them." @realDonaldTrump
2 RACIST NAZIS
There was no voter fraud in N.Hamp. The only voter fraud there was, is in Pres. Stupid's head. Just like Obama wiretapped him.
There are a lot of "shoulds" these days...shoulda woulda coulda doesn't really inform anyone
why are liberals so touchy about voter fraud?

KKKobach is obviously an obsessive-compulsive with paranoid tenancies - in addition to being a transparent bigot. What is up those Kansans?
Kobach's misdeeds should disqualify him from doing anything other than mopping floors (no disrespect intended to janitors with integrity).
He got elected by a basket of deplorables, with help from a bucket of bots. Now he is foisting a bushel of incompetents on us.#TheResistance
The fact that he's a criminal in charge of a committee charged with taking our right to vote away based on a Trump lie is disqualifying
Nope. Your "analysis" is incorrect 100% of the time, Compost. You and your "reporters" need to be on a watchlist, quite frankly.
"I can't stand news that speaks negatively about the conman I elected and the other frauds he brought with him!"

Fixed.
Trump picks the best dummies.
you would think but 60 million voters didn't think unwanted pussy grabbing was disqualifying so what is? Please say Russia.
5000 voted who live in other states . Fraud .
He is a disgrace to Kansas
Kansas elected him. Over and over. WTF is wrong with Kansas. Same as Missouri.To dumb to know their being taken for a ride to nowhere
@KrisKobach1787 https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/politics/wp/2017/09/08/kris-kobachs-leap-of-logic-on-voter-fraud-in-new-hampshire-should-be-disqualifying/ …
Check the link headline. Kobach is the S.O.S. here in Kansas. Derek Schmidt is the Attorney General.
As of today's revelations he has been Proven 100% correct and the left loving Post needs a retraction
