My wife and I welcome a new baby and it is quite a story... http://youtu.be/MmWWoMcGmo0 
Let's fight hard for affordable healthcare for all citizens. Healthcare is not affordable for any of us with or without Obamacare.
Funny 22 million of "us" now have healthcare who didn't have it before because of the ACA.
(oh, did you know? ACA is Obamacare)
and, ps, the GOP (my party too) is NOT working for healthcare for everyone in any way, shape, or form.
Did you know I'm paying 5x more than I was 8 years ago for healthcare. You know I bust my ass each day to pay this shit.
Yes, that sucks. 
ACA definitely needs work or a re-work. But, hate to break it to you. If you're paying that bill, you're affording it.
Trump also said we need to negotiate better deals with pharmaceutical companies. Great ideas but we need to act.
and,  btw, you DO know that Trump is a terrible businessman who quite literally doesn't understand how insurance works at all.
You think Obama knew. Like I said it's a full time job. You need smart dedicated ppl to really flush thus out.
Now that @BarackObama  shows what a class act you are. But now we are stuck with @realDonaldTrump  and his crass act.
Excuse me. Are you calling me stupid?  Really?  You don't even know me. Why be so cruel ???  FYI. A graduate oh Harvard isn't stupid
Every1 has their opinions. @BarackObama  was a great President forYes @ObamaCare needed 2b worked on to make better. #Trump =#Chaoswide
I love  @BarackObama and Michelle. They were great. Class to a tee. Which @realDonaldTrump lacks. He is crass
Trumpmister  knows that every1 knows, guilty #TrumpRussiaCoverUp but it's like denial until our caught #redhanded in bed. =Busted isout
You can quit campaigning now. We have a President.

Lost my doctor, my insurance premiums went from 380 to 1300 with a 10k deductable. You ruined healthcare for the poor.
Same thing happened with my sister. You'd be better off with no insurance! The fines are less & half the time they can't keep track of it.
Actually a friend of mine says she fills out a questionaire and says she can't afford Obamacare and the IRS accepts her reason and has never fined her. She has never bought insurance & never been fined.
Love you Barack. You've done more for this country than anyone will ever give you credit for
Good man through and through. Miss you Barack.
All of us are with Jimmy.
Baraaack!  Come baaaaack!
We sure miss you,Pres.Obama!
miss you Mr Obama. Always putting the next generation first
Is this why congress and rest of DC is exempt from Obamacare?
His story had me in tears... I have 3 kids and can't even imagine how terrifying that must have been
AMEN, Mr. President !!!
Welcome back Barack
1/ I shook your hand in Houston B4 you got the nom. I can't afford retirement in US so am in Ajijic. Had scoliosis surgery at 14. Crohn's
Former president could you say Hi to me? I admire you
Please come back Obama 
This is what America misses in Washington.
It's what the world misses from America too!
yup!
#ThanksObamas 
Was this just a dream? How far we've fallen as a country.
I miss him everyday.
Please!
If only Trump was HALF as good as you were as President...oh Lord
good thing the Kimmel's didn't stop by planned parenthood.
Keep fighting the good fight. You're my hero of all heroes.  #mypresident
Well said Mr Obama!
Hasn't tweeted in weeks. But decided to a half shout-out to Kimmel/half support ACA message today.
Because tweet volume is an accurate measure of a politician's engagement.
Yeah twiting is the way to politics, ask Trump 
Hey Mr. President! We miss you!
HELP US! 45 is DANGEROUS!
President Obama we miss you and Michelle, and thank you for actually caring about the American people.
COME BACK

#RESISTANCE
#KilltheBill
#NoAHCA
#SaveACA…
We miss you, Mr. President. Like, a lot.
his 400k was great, too bad Trump is putting a ban on lobbyist, he can't come back you curr

I listened to u on Vox regarding the ACA & I want to thank u from the bottom of my heart 4 trying so hard despite all the hate/obstruction
I have no idea how u put up w/ the immense racism & bias but always seemed calm & collected
2008 I was able to cast my 1st vote, for u
I was a Senior in highschool, the whole school cheered, celebration throughout when u had won, we felt like we had really made some progress
Now I & many others my age feel lost,angry,upset tht everything we hoped&dreamed for seems to be torn apart,slandered,& buried in lies by 45
I no Obama doesnt read this but w/e staffer does,let him no he is still very appreciated by many ppl we will fight4his legacy ACA&DoddFrank
Lovely thread, Sabrina. Thank you.
Thank u when I wrote tht I was feeling pretty raw, everyday things feel less&less like the America I knew 6 months ago...its scary  #resist
Nurses rock! Very well said from a fellow nurse.  
Well, my daughter was turned down by ACA because she made less than 15K per year. I paid her insurance and $6,800 for her surgery last year.
I've never said it doesn't need work but we shouldn't throw 24 million people off health care. This proposed plan is not the answer.
Most of the 24m got Medicaid and the rest didn't want insurance. That's always the argument, but what about the other 300M of us?




This is the best one I have seen!!!
RIGHT?  Canadians always come up with the best ideas!!...did you know a Canadian invented the zipper?...true story.
#RESISTANCE
#KilltheBill
#NoAHCA
#SaveACA…
And the Wonderbra
You forgot our National Igloo.
...besides, any country that would make its unofficial mascot the humble beaver is cool, in my book...although, heard that may change?  hmm.
Gosh I miss having you as our president.
$400,000!
Explain to me why that matters.
Influence peddling and profiting from public office. Cashing in on his leniency with Wall Street criminals. Gross. @BarackObama
No, you're gross!!!
Enjoying that 400k you got from Wall Street?
You're in England. Don't you have Tories to worry about?
Corruption is a global epidemic.
Mind your country's business, jerk!
Wish I could. The US got the world into the shocking mess it's in. And learn some manners.
Weren't like half your government officials  just found to have misused government monies?
And you're worried about MY ex-president? OKAY
All part of the same problem. The same corrupt ruling class.
I hated having to call my rep again because I don't feel he's receptive but this tweet was my tipping point.
It's when they're not receptive that they most need to be called. Keep up the fight! And good job.
Thank you for your encouragement. We are stronger together.
Debbie, even if they're not receptive, you voice counts as not in favor and they have to keep counts of # of calls and why!
They are polite & professional & while I'm not sure I changed my Rep's stance maybe if we ALL call they'll listen.
If they want to be reelected the Repub Party cannot continue to support the whims of a highly disliked leader. They have to answer to us.
They are crafting a new amendment TONIGHT to circulate TOMORROW to try to vote THIS WEEK. Even if your rep is a no, that no is not safe.
So apparently they don't care what we think
agree, she's right...prayers to you for continued health & well-being.
VERY welcome, of course!
Thanks for speaking out on this guys. They are messing with people's lives for petty political spite
If everyone would spend as much time and energy BUILDING each other UP as you do TEARING people down, we would ALL be MUCH better off!!!

#RESISTANCE
#KilltheBill
#NoAHCA
#SaveACA…
Mr. President, you are missed more than ever.
 Truth!!!

#RESISTANCE
#KilltheBill
#NoAHCA
#SaveACA…
Shut up, moron. ACA cost trillions, insured very few, and killed 29 million affordable plans, which STOPPED 29 million families form having access to care.
oh y’all teaming up now  i’m here for it
imagine being simple minded enough to miss the point by this much
Jimmy Kimmel shld get a medal pf freedom from the new Dem president coming sooner than they all know.   What a great guy.  Billy is the poster baby of all time.
sir, I have been denied care due to Obamacare policies. told so by docs and nurses.
@jimmykimmel 
H.E.P you didn't  remember promisse of young from africa
Eh si seulement si je pouvais avoir un petit soutient venant de vous quelque chose changera dans ma structure événements aidez avec un petit financement svp merci.
And this is how someone truly presidential responds to the pleas of the people. #thanksobamaFORREAL #SaveACA

#RESISTANCE
#KilltheBill
#NoAHCA
#SaveACA…
resistbot is the best thing ever. #SaveACA  #killthebill #resist
and, the cool thing is:  it can be used in actions like this to contact a whole list...simply put the different zips in the bot, simple.

Slt Barack Obama
Hello sir..M ur big fan today is my birthday pls bless me That I may become like u one day..
Please come back! @MichelleObama run for next term? We need you guys. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ObamacareHelpedMe
.@BarackObama .@jimmykimmel .@facebook #FB #AreYouComplicit with #fascism and #whitesupremacy #Supressing #FergusonInterviewProject .@fiptweets #MakeItPublic

cool
omg lol
https://kertasmudaindonesia.blogspot.co.id/2017/11/tips-mengetahui-kelayakan-blog-dan.html …
Where ARE u?
If we can crowdfund a larger amount for a charity, will you skip the bank speech in September?
The contract has already been signed. Speaking engagements in those large amounts require a legal contract between parties, too late
Eloquent. Heartfelt. Thank you, Jimmy. Most especially, thank you, Mr. President. #AlwaysMyPresident

#RESISTANCE
#KilltheBill
#NoAHCA
#SaveACA…
You are working so hard Mel ... thank you darling!!! xoxo
thank YOU, sweets, for working hard, as well...we're a team in #resistance ...we all do our own parts.  MUCH love!!

nose-bumps & cuddles from my own Honey Bunny for helping!!
@jimmykimmel. R..
For the above when they say "America miss you." Please don't speak for me or my family! Thank you. Our @POTUS will #MAGA
You will always be monkey boy to me!! Love those ears big money barack #blame Russia
except most babies born have Medicaid or are rich like Jimmy w/ private insurance and the middle class folks have NONE, not affordable
Without the #ACA I'm not sure I could find it in me to stay alive. There's too many things I know will break down as a result of my illness.
U created ACA in order 2 make sure ILLEGALS & REFUGEES were covered & not HARD WORKING AMERICANS THAT ACTUALLY PAY TAXES!
It is funny how all of you are getting mad at President Obama when he is doing the same thing the "Others" do..

Ppl ARE dying with obamCare

Ppl HAVE died with obamCare

Only 10m covered with obamCare

Insurance co's leaving program

can NOT keep

You fought so hard to destroy our healthcare AND America!!  TRAITOR!!!!
Destroy how?  Obamacare doesn't benefit the corps, which means it benefits you.  How is that destroying it you idiot
When you can't shop for healthcare outside of your state it allows health insurance to monopolize allowing them to crank up the prices. Bad.
@jimmykimmel we really miss you sir
Txs for speaking up!When the GOP realizes that ALL ppl deserve healthcare equally,then Americans can live without fear of no coverage-again-
How's Retirement working for you Barack I think we need your help to straighten out the mess we are getting into Thank you Rob
Why didn't you fight for Universal Healthcare when you could've at the time? The ACA was originally a Republican plan. #MedicareForAll
Why did my insurance premiums increase over 1000%?
I'm still waiting on my $2500 savings you lied and deceived people on the ACA you should b ashamed
Mr. President, save us!
You are wonderful
L-Ya Brother! Want to get together and present Peoples Champion Belt to you with Buster.
But it is failing no matter who's fault.  Friends of mine 1st yr almost doubled. Oh yeah that is socialism.
Bullshit, Odipshit!
@TheLeadCNN Trump created crisis in America today. And Dem leaders said this. Obama "". Hillary "no comment". Bernie "" and Perez want my $
Amen
Would have helped her win the election!!
Everything with the Obama names on it is being wiped out. So sad for this country. It just kills me about the cuts to public schools!!
Go away already
congratulations!
I miss you, President Obama.
disgusting complete bullshit.
eres grande
Obamacare SUCKS and so do you - I was one of the 60+ million who lost their insurance thanks to your lies - lost my plan -pay more for LESS
Why do they ???
@jimmykimmel @YouTube Missing you Mr. President. Prayers for your son Jimmy Kimmel.
http://arcturus07.blogspot.com/2017/05/make-right-decisionbecause-it-comes-one.html …
Hello how u
Fought so hard because Liberal Elites don't buy Obamacare.  #NiceTry
Thank you very much for being who u r
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO HAVE YOUR LEGACY RIPPED RIGHT OUT IN FRONT OF YOU?? IT'S A GREAT DAY FOR US. #TRUMPCARE
Hey that's cool
ACA cost us more than our Mortgage and other bills combined. #ripeoff #letitgo
O care has been a complete disaster #LIAR #WORSTPRESIDENTEVER
I miss you SO MUCH!!
We appreciate all you did- Trump is so envious of you he has to destroy all you did even if it means taking away healthcare from his voters.
Thank you mr Obama for giving us this useless generation, beside ISIS of course.
With high costs that people are going bankrupt trying to pay! Yeah great job idiot!
I love and miss our real leader come back please
ALL this is true, But that does NOT mean We need the ACA to do it. It still is a bad bill. However protecting Our Children/sick is crucial.
How can you protect something that started melting down on your watch? smh
#unaffordableCareAct it's #extortion $15k per year for a family of 4 is asinine and that's before it does anything remotely useful.
You lied when you stated ,you can keep your plan, your doctor and family of 4 wills save $2500 a year. ACA has been a failure. Rates doubled
So sweet
ACA is DEAD....
Boy, do we miss you!  Trump has turned out worse than I could have imagined and the bar is just so low.
Love this
Always a classy response from our former President! Gotta love that
hi , iam noushad
@jimmykimmel ...good sir I like you
8 yrs of pure hell thanks for nothing
FOLLOW me back appreciate it
Denz
@jimmykimmel so true
Tyra and I are scared to death. PS we miss seeing you.
ACA will bankrupt 800 hospitals in next 18 months. Out of Network coverage not limited in its out of pocket expenses.
Complete horseshite!  It has nothing to do with ACA.  You just keep perpetuating the same old lines, facts be damned!
.
How many of the 12 Principles of FAIRism can you support? Let me know what you think of them, I’m very interested in your ideas. Thanks.
.
.
How many of the 12 Principles of FAIRism can you support? Let me know what you think of them, I’m very interested in your ideas. Thanks.
.
Not sure about #2 but yes to the other 11
What if #2 is for limit of 2 CONSECUTIVE TERMS.? Take 1 TERM OFF & then be able to run again. Purpose is to change 95% re-election rate.
.
Yes I guess that would work
.
Half the eligible voters don't have enough interest in America's politics to even vote.

How do we get them to be interested?

#FAIRism 
.
