Mrs. Shaheen ! I live in NH. And people are dying here Mega !!!!!
Playing the lotto?
Nope !!
Well you have as much chance to win as Trump to avoid impeachment..
Sorry Senator but he is telling the truth, make yourself accessible and look
Your bull shit politics are unacceptable. Do your job for America not your party. Step down let someone who cares about NH lead.
It's unacceptable for a POTUS to have calls leaked, but you applauded that. I'll be rooting for your opponent come reelection time.
He does not care about the victims of the epidemic. They're not in the class of people he cares about.
You're wrong.  One day you will see the truth.
I doubt it - he's showed total contempt for the working class his whole life.
.@SenatorShaheen If you represented NH YOU would do something. But you, as a US Senator, don't represent anyone except your Big Govt cabal
No its not! YOU HAVE A HUGE PROBLEM IN NEW HAMPSIRE - you can put lipstic on the pig but its still a pig -how about you focus on the problem
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
He has nothing nice to say about anything American. He does nothing but cut us down and insult us.
So you're a collective now?
I am from NH, plus all of my family lives there too & suck as it may, he is 100% correct. NH has been going downhill ever since the mid 80's

Really! Posted hours ago by my daughters friend! Tell these families it's a "gross misrepresentation"! Two more claimed by addiction!
NH on top of the list for opiod problem, maybe you should work with locals to fix your states issue, truth is truth!
Common knowledge that #NewHampshire has opiod epidemic. But you also have had a depressed economy from non conservative policies.
Agree. Thank you for speaking your mind.
People in NH use their open eyes. Come home and open yours. I'm a voter, tax payer, home owner, father & husband. I am not happy with NH
NH has so much nature it is easy to hide the problems of cities & towns. This cycle of doctors to pharma to 'zero end recovery' your fault.
Why unacceptable? Something so beautiful (NH) with the worst per-capita incidents of opiod overdoses. 50% your fault. 100% Not his.
& yet you ppl WON'T pursue Impeachment! Just constant "Gasp, Awe", nothing but posturing & half-hearted expressions of Outrage w/ NO action!
@SenatorHassan @realdonaldtrump is an equal opportunity jerk. Do please heed the words of Sen McCain-you don't work for him.
Well, if the shoe fits. 

Here's a thought, Senator, why not do something about it.
why sugar coat? The President is being honost. This was said, to help you not to criticize or hurt your state.
Who R U Bull SH*TTING?Open Borders cause the USA 2 have a huge drug addition problem in 50 states! Dems making lots of $ with open borders!
he spoke the Truth.. Something you libs do not understand!  He said exactly the same during campaign!!!!
Prayed for all of you, wake up  before  it is to late, stop betray POTUS  & America, stop betraying the helpless, blood on your hands
finding and treating the underlying cause! My daughter was an opioid victim due a doctor's surgical error & after being cut
the opioid epidemic is largely due to over prescribing by physicians. There has been a mask the problem mentality instead of
The conversation has been started so stop compaining about petty stuff and use the conversation to advance awareness. Help the one then.
If u admit NH has serious drug issues, as u do, how is what he says wrong? These are issues YOU FAILED to desl with, right?
You said people who buy at-15's "buy it to do bad things" I'll take bad talk about a state over snowballing all the gun owners in America
You owe President Trump an apology as New Hampshire is a drug infested den. Do something about it!!!
Why doesn't he do something about it then? He can talk a good game but when it comes to actually helping people he hasn't done a thing.
a drug MISUSE problem, are you sure it isn't a "matter"??
The president's telling telling the truth again. "Senator", what do you call the drug epidemic, a Washington DC fund raiser?
supporting a party on the decline while also standing against a free and open press, has its consequences. PEOPLE aren't as dumb as U think.
Stop fighting POTUS and help with solutions! I took his comment as BEAUTIFUL NH, INFESTED WITH DRUGS, COMING THRU THE S. BOARDER! SAD SITUA-
He doesn't owe us anything! Ask my addict daughter, her addict friends and the parents who have lost their child or loved ones! TRUTH HURTS!
Don't get so upset.  Who ever told you, told a lie..
the epidemic has been caused by Sen.'s like you stopping DEA from doing their jobs and releasing dealers.
What is unacceptable is the person that should be doing something to help her constituents is just milking them dry and avoiding the truth.
GREAT NEWS. So many democrats jumping ship. Here's a high-profile one! Smart Move Gov Jim! http://www.businessinsider.com/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-republican-trump-switch-2017-8 … "BETTER DEAL" WID DAT.
work across party lines like you Democrats did on fixing Obama Care ?? Yeah right.. U need to stop it at the state level
and you have done ??? as your citizens die every hour..
Senator maybe it will self correct, you have see how great Chicago got by doing nothing. NOTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!
You Are dead wrong same old song We Have no problem what so ever Everything is Sweet dory Next lets tell the real story
so you will not take funding for an opioid epidemic in your State? The problem was overstated and you will not need funding?
He also degraded the White House!
What epidemic? Doing drugs is not an epidemic. Maybe if you liberals got tough on users and sellers, there would be no losers dying from ODs
Mr. Trump fails to state that the opioid epidemic is nationwide as is other drug use. He forgot that Hillary won New Hampshire.
Can Trump be impeached for denigrating a part of the nation he is sworn to protect and serve? #DumpTrump
DT, will not be impeached, The Republican are in control of both house,  I wish he would resign!
do your job STOP OBSTRUCTING
you know this old hypocrite will stand steadfast to his comment.
Got to love that man TRUMP!!!!!
No it is not!!!  I love him for speaking his mind!!! Tell it like it is!!!
Democrats losing state and federal offices is the epidemic.  Get a message and while you're at it - a different job.
Fake outrage from thr democrats again. Next we'll have the Schumer tears. So we have a drink epidemic. Where are they coming from? Mexico?
#traitor Trump has no respect for this county nor for anyone going through the horrors of drug addiction #gethimout before its too late
You not doing your job is unacceptable , We need special investigation into Susan Rice .Lorreta Lynch and the rest of DNC
Really?  Do you know where he got the information? Your pals in the MSM - hypocrites.
The worse the drug problem,  the more vehement the denial.  Before it can be solved the denial must stop.
You've been in office many years and are part of the problem.  Please work to keep hard drugs out of NH.
She hasnt kept drugs out of the state, so shaheen is part of the problem, only because of trump she talks about it, so far she has failed
whats the matter does the truth hurt.what have the democraps/libaturds accomplished in the last 10 months,we await an answer
He's right.  If you don't realize this fact then you don't actually know NH.
It's your state- you fix it. You let it get this bad. Trump tells the truth Snowflake-get used to it or get out of politics.
Your liberterd policies promote drugs - destroy the family.Two D senators- NH voters- dump as stump druggies.
NH is one of the most beautiful states I have ever visited. 45 needs to learn diplomacy or GET OUT!!!!!!!
What will u do about the leakers here?? Obama would have put journalists in jail.  Will u declare actor war vs leakers?
How would you call it-a heaven for criminals poisoning people of NH? As all empty head liberals you prefer silly words to actions! SICKENING
I live in NH and the drug crisis is real and unacceptable.  Stop using politics because you as a Senator under Obama didn't stop the abuse.
If the shoe fits....if it is everywhere, you have it too, why the outrage?!?!
"owes NH an apology & then should follow through on his promise to Granite Staters to help end this crisis" Is it a crisis or not?
He said what is exactly is going on there.  #MAGA
fix your state, what have you been dong about all these years!!!!!!!!!!
He has as we do free speech unless you want that taken away also.
New Hampshire has the second-highest rate of drug overdose deaths with 34.3 per 100,000 people per CDC. Trump Derangement Syndrome!
I am sure Pres.Trump did not mean to insult NH. He is very concerned about the drugs flowing in there. U can depend on him.
Your a disappointment the @POTUS was right! Go out ride with the narcotic detectives open your eyes. You are the problem with your denying.
PC is the same as lying...you can't recover if you don't admit the truth
NO IT IS NOT! Wake up! @POTUS speaks the truth! Obviously something you & your "Swamp Buddies" don't like it do! #GetReal #TruthHurts
Nh is in a horrible crisis!!!
what do you expect form a senile old crazy person.....
Hope he'll never need to return here.We can update his map.X marks-there be"crooked witch"&"crazy communist" lovers here (Clinton&Sanders)
b/c #BlackLivesMatter #VotedConscience Never #StrategicRacist How can Black people trust Clinton after '08 campaign?
Well New England states are sanctuary,,refuse to get rid of criminal welfare cheats ,who using fs as drug money
#NeverTrumpHillary #DogWhistles Hard 2 Forget #SellingRacism Kerrey Tries Explain Obama ‘Muslim’ Remarks http://nyti.ms/1T2pzcb —W Shaheen
I am sick of DJT trashing the WH & now NH! I am a New Englander who has loved NH since childhood. NH is lovely, vibrant & thriving!
That's your President for you he'll put down Americans in need but talk up his bff Putin!
There is New Hampshire and 49 other states and 250 other countries and possessions, and then there is His Worship, Trump.
What we need is for the AG to give up his marijuana fight and start working on a heroin fight
The heroin fight could easily be won but instead let's give them free medicine and not put them in jail.
Need to Wake up New Hampshire
False. I live in Manch. Drug zombies EVERYWHERE. Can't walk 2 blocks without a beggar, or having to go wide around druggies. Open your eyes.
Have u been to NH lately? Trees. Mt. Washington. BORING! Even Old Man of the Mountain left. Need edibles every time I visit.
Then you haven't truly visited NH.
U defending drug addicts now? 
How embarrassed would you be if your private phone convos were leaked? #peopleinglasshousesshouldntthrowrocks
Lady get over yourself, for the "drug infested den" that's almost everywhere. Why don't you get off your high horse and have a meeting.
With @realDonaldTrump, discuss some solutions instead of jumping on twitter.
Take your blinders off

Statistics Show Cocaine Overdose Deaths Are Rising Steadily in New Hampshire
If its a crisis then then the Senator should be very pro active.  What are you doing about it
your Tweet was quoted by @TIME
How ya doing with your stock trades? #InsiderTrading
the people of NH say your wrong and out of touch. We trust the data not your opinions
Earn YR money & work 4 a better America! Not just Dem party 2 keep YRself in office & put perks N YR wallet! Use the same healthcare we do!
Trump says "New Hampshire is a drug infested den."
Senator: ur saying there is no opioids problem in NH? Opioids is a large problem in all the states. What are u doing to curb it? Nothing!
Epidemic skyrocketed on your watch darling.
New Hamphire has nothing else. Drugs & alcohol same as PA.
Shaheen: Epidemic! Heroin! Help us!
Trump: Mexican drugs have turned NH into a drug-infested den
Shaheen: Stop bad-talking NH! 
#hypocrite
A SELF INFLICTED EPIDEMIC.  CONGRESS HAD THEIR HANDS IN THIS INDIRECTLY.
Next thing you he will be building a wall around you're state, and screaming WHOS GONNA PAY FOR IT
Thank you for speaking out and thank you for your recent vote
I thank God, on a regular basis, that you were elected.
Thread you tweets Senator!
NH does have a major drug problem and so does MA. The drugs comes Lawrence, MA. Why r you denying it.
Impeach him !!!
WOW, he also started his own fake news, on Facebook,  as real news. So he can say he is always right. # trump trying 2 start # FASCISM 
And on Sinclair TV he has his surrogate Boris Espshtyn touting all the wonderful things about this administration! Like Russian state TV!!!!
it really isn't very helpful to those who need help...trump is a disgrace to our country
You owe America an apology for your continued support of Donald Trump and his enablers Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan.
You do realize liberalism was fully REJECTED on 11/8/2016, right?
Understanding the actual biology of addiction is important:
He didn't win New Hampshire and I wasn't aware that I am living in a den.
What was the context?  He won convincingly in the primary against Republican challengers.  Without NH he may not have had path to WH.
The majority of people living in the state didn't vote for him in the general election, which means the majority of us still don't favor him
Second time he has misrepresented NH. First time was the voter fraud accusation, don't ever forget.............
The busses of people - Right?
exactly..
Let's face it @realDonaldTrump is a "gross misrepresentation" of a human much less a @POTUS #TheResistance #resist #ImpeachTrumpNow
YES it is, but he just wants to hurt u, U got thick skin he doesn't
