@thiswaltz5 Lying under oath- U should call 4 Sessions' resignation. It's beyond recusal. He's dishonest& therefore UNFIT.
The Russians are coming, the Russians are coming. My password is password. Investigate that Democrats the New McCarthyism.
Can you please issue one tweet where you state one thing that you're doing for the citizens of NH vs. bashing the president
Steve, you would think she'd be taking care of our veterans. Maybe to busy covering  chucky Schumers back
You might just be entirely correct on that one. There's no evidence to the contrary.
Guess you'll be crucifying @clairecmc next and all others who've met with same, right?? #DemEXIT
It's clear we need a special prosecutor to investigate Russian ties to the Trump campaign. There's no question Sessions must recuse himself
any further investigation should not be handled by a political appointee. Let a panel of judges decide on this course!
.@SenatorShaheen He needs to resign. He didn't have my support due to his history, he's made decisions that match his history and now lied.
"We should think about whether it is an act of war or not,"  Get a grip lady and please stop scaring your base.
It's also clear that perjury makes Sessions unfit to be AG. Please call on him to resign & urge your colleagues to do same.
Loretta Lynch met secretly with Bill Clinton on an an airplane and you said nothing then?
This lunatic is calling for war,that's the desperation these radicals are resorting to.
The 2016 election needs a Total Recall
Next time maybe Dems will consider letting the people pick their effing candidate instead of cheating to install Hillary.
20% of our uranium sold 2 Russian Co,BC's $500k speech to Russians,$millions given to Clinton foundation?Investigate both
This is a bipartisan issue werer have the democrats been gor the 8 yrs? Lynch meets with clinton and what ? ooh, no problem
Reply to @SenatorShaheen Democrats like Sen Jeannie Shaheen have sided with the Totalitarian Death Cult of Islam.  They will not recover
stop the #witch hunt. Focus on important things
How about when State Senator Reynolds lied under oath so NH can steal my military pension? @TheDemocrats are OK with that.
A day does not go by that I am not grateful for demexiting. Wish I leave your lying, cheating, thieving party again.
sharig w/o court approv top sec intercepts of an American, interferg in an investigation both illegal & Obama-spec pros rght
JUST A BUNCH OF BULLCRAP!
I agree with Senator Schumer and Rep Pelosi that AG Sessions should resign or be ousted and be investigated.
Yes, he must recuse himself from the investigation. Please continue your fight.
thank you.
You need to push for Sessions immediate resignation from the Attorney Generals position.Then more investigation!
Thank you Senator! #sessionsmustresignorbeterminated #InvestigateTrump #SessionsResign #TrumpResign
Exactly!  How is it this hasn't happened yet?
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO CALL FOR ONE. IN THE CLINTONS SCANDALS
Yes he must
don't we need a special prosecutor for Sessions himself? I believe that is Perjury, no?
@watchyourSen Not recuse - #JeffSessions needs to resign. #perjury #russiagate #treason
happy to see your statement here!  I don't live in NH anymore but my parents do and we have always supported you!
Recuse is too mild a word for someone who lied under oath to Congress to become AG of the US. Sessions must resign.
yes as a NH (R) I agree and thank you for your steady leadership
@lizmwester Pelosi just called for his resignation  Kislyak was Putin top spy recruter
@JBWolfsthal Sessions clearly needs to resign if he lied!
@galaxygirlwings lock him up !!!
#Sessions must be called upon to resign! Americans cannot trust a lying #AttorneyGeneral to lead an honest @TheJusticeDept!
Recuse himself? With all due respect, Senator, you misspelled "resign."
Spelling on Twitter is big deal. But, Springsteen that commie turd? Jeanne take care of our vets.
It is time for @SenateGOP to step up --COUNTRY FIRST!
Looks like Sessions lied to @SenFranken under oath knowing the importance of Russia connections. Recusal is not enough.
Please lay out why it is so clear?  Do u have any proof before calling for something this massive? anything unlawful?
Many Thanks for standing up  for our country! Why did Flynn lie? Why did Sessions? Too many contacts w/ #Russia
insist on an investigation.   You represent us, the US, our dignity
of all the people on Twitter, you're one of the handful that can do something about that...
@JBWolfsthal He must resign immediately!!
Sessions must resign. He should never have been confirmed, along with Pruitt, DeVos, and Tillerson. The @gop owns this.
OMG another writer. Jeanne is too busy taking of our veterans, RIGHT? Senator? Our veterans?
Thank you for your efforts, Senator, if half of the list of allegations true, this is  biggest scandal in the history of US
he should resign.
.@SenatorShaheen with all due respect Senator Shaheen, he needs to resign.
