I have the utmost respect for the bravery & dedication demonstrated by @CapitolPolice in this situation and pray for those officers injured.
No, we're not. Stop it. What would the political goals even be?
I truly feel sorry for you.
Don't say these words bcuz I'm Republican too but what needs to be said is the Democratic Party needs to stop the evil threats and grow up.
Did you say the same thing when the Republican representative threatened to shoot a democratic representative?
#RESISTANCE
From that stupid logic, this idiot is taking the blame for gabby gifford and dallas greens granddaughter
The GOP sent out campaign material with Gifford literally in a crosshairs.
anything to distract from the embarrassment in office
I'm enjoying a paid vacation this week. Let's grab lunch, my treat. You're a coward and wouldn't say shit to my face. #sad
Hello Rep Kihuen. Ron Harris here w/ @AP. Did you take this photo that you tweeted, and can @AP use/distribute it under the attached terms?
Ron, yes, I took the photo. Please feel free to use as needed.
Yet the GOP are trying to kill me and my family by stealing our health insurance.  Now I'm supposed to feel sorry for them? Never.
Enjoy your poverty
We're also praying for speedy recovery of courageous DC police officers who were wounded!
Now maybe the Democrats will stop trying to incite more of these actions.
They can't. It's in their nature to cause and incite violence. The dems haven't been this pissed since we took away their slaves
Please ask Democrats to stop their Message of Resist and Fight our New @POTUS It is a Message of Hate
Seriously though - it's not. It's patriotic resistance to protect the country. Certainly doesn't include violence.
Then all (D-R) senators need 2stand & condemn "antifa" movement & their violence. Protest is ok, riots not-but most not arrested ex-Berkeley
Senators don't need to say the magic words that you are demanding in order to condemn violence. They condemn it on principle. The end.
Not the end. They insist POTUS condemn any& everything so why wont they verbally condemn the violent acts? Sometimes principle is not enough
Who knows, verbal condemnation may actually stop some of them. If it even curbed a few it would great. You agree they it needs to stop?
What are you talking about? *Literally everybody* in public life has condemned the violence. As they should.
Unfortunately, it is the Democrats that Have Fostered this Intolerant and Viscous Hatred. It's Only Freedom of Speech if it's Them!
And it's the republicans who have turned their heads on common sense gun reform.
Maybe this is one of the mentally ill that now can get GUNS easily, thx to the Republicans.
Nope.  Wrong again.  Got his license in Illinois after a background check. His "illness" is that he was a Bernie Sanders essence guzzler.
No reason  rt now shooter was mentally ill. And it sure has nothing to do with Sanders. Repubs are in charge of everthing in DC. Start ther.
They prayed that they weren't next.
How about doing something that actually works like fighting the #NRA stranglehold on Congress @RepKihuen #NRAmoneybuysvotes
And republicans
Democrats stage prayer.
Life comes at you quickly.
Daaaaaaaaaamn
Praying won't fix any of this. We need gun & ammunition regulation
PRAYING FIXES EVERYTHING
The Republicans are the ones who hurt this country with their support of the NRA.
Ok. I pray the @gop enacts more restrictive gun laws. Done.
it is not guns that kills it is the demented person behind gun
No more APOLOGIES  - every DC politician better decide TODAY  to knock off the hate speech towards each other and call off the crazies
BINGO!!!! time for these morons to start working for the people instead of wasting time with all this other BS..
The Demoncraps R wasting our time & money!  This violence needs 2 STOP! Nothing but ignorant vile evil haters who can't accept the outcome 
Unity.yeah ok. U make me laugh Y Can't u all accept the Outcome(Trump) Speak to the vicious haters. BLM. Rioters & protesters killing ppl
This has nothing to do with the outcome. No amount of violence will change that. This is much bigger. ??'s are asked, answers dont jive.
Yeah like Hilary Clinton's 30,000 email dump.  Bill meeting on the tarmac with Loretta lynch . Obama and The Video lie about Benghazi.. Yup!
This pres has fired more pple than we can count. Some just because they were appt by the last pres. The others, to block some hidden agenda.
The shooter asked Rep Ron DeSantis if this was the republican or democrats practice and started shooting 20 minutes later. Liberals' fault!
No. The fault lies with the man with the gun. The buck stops there. I'm angry at the state of our govt, but I don't channel it with violence
Its interesting that you're calling BS on this man to take full responsibility for his actions instead of foisting the blame on an entire...
...group of ppl. So the violence perpetrated by RW nationalists in Trumps name is Trumps fault then, as he regularly incites violence w/his
...rhetoric? Or does it lie with Eric, who said liberals aren't even ppl? Or the plethora of talking heads calling for a civil war? You..
...can't have your cake and shoot it too. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Own it, or flounder in your hypocrisy.
Good to see @HouseDemocrats finally acting decently
That's like me telling you that he got what he deserved. Grow up and save your political crap for a more appropriate time and place.
I would never vote for him, but he's my congressman, and  he deserves respect. If it had been a democratic congressman, would your response
Shame more dems didn't speak out against the hate & fear mongering.
Wow, what an obviously staged photo. Democrats are godless authoritarians with no faith.
Careful, you may lose your base by praying.
By the party who removed "God" from their DNC platform!
How vain can a person get?
This is America in all it's Glory! If ANYONE  can't see that I truly, truly pity you and NOTHING and NOBODY can help you...but prayer!!!
Well its Ur guys who can't compromise with the precious 2nd Amendment. Nuts and Guns don't mix. Booomerang time. Own it.
Isn't this hypocritical of Dimms after the garbage they have been spewing against Reps?
Since u were to stupid to see ur greed & support for arming absolutely everyone would result in loss of life, pay 4 ur own Xtra security
@RepKihuen you defend this man... If the gop will kill thousands with their trumpcare and the taking away programs for senior citizens!!!
Praying to satan because that is all democrats know.
Prayer is good.  Action to diminish these savage attacks via far to easy to get guns is outstanding. DO something please.
I  that House Republicans & House Democrats gave a standing ovation after Ryan said, "an attack on 1 of us, is an attack on all of us."

Looks nice,but when ARE you going to DO something that solves the problem?

USA always pray but never DO a thing to stop those murders, sad
Maybe now that it's hit this close to home you'll rethink that 2nd amendment right. I pray that all of the kids will be OK.
"The NRA exists only to protect the big gun companies" - yes, Ruben. The NRA and the arms companies make a lot of $s after each shooting..
I'm glad to see everyone praying together. It's unfortunate that these circumstances, evoked a prayer response.
Why is no one discussing gun control? 2 mass shootings in one day.
thanks for this, good to see you can put politics aside when it matters
Dems started all of this Hate. Now try and stop it! People are hurting they're hungry and poor. you're keep adding fuel to the fire.Godis
House democrats also need to pray for all those babies  they are responsible for destroying.
You found God!?! #DemocratbansGodatConvention What happened,thought you were afraid to offend atheists.
God bless u all 
Aren't the Dems the ones who removed God from their party platform for the 2016 election?
Compassion for others counts.
God is not listening, Dems are the hateful, responsible for this shooting
Who the hell snaps a picture while he's praying and tweets it out?
Godless libs must be freaking out.
Didn't @DNC kick God out of your party in 2012
you can't pray to God when you're encouraging hatred onto your people.
Sad events reminding us the we are mere mortals. The God complexes need to be surrendered. #congresservesthepeople
Forget the prayers. Do your job, quit taking money from the NRA and pass some common sense gun laws.
With many of your constituents cheering this act it's good to see you and your colleagues in prayer for those affected
You don't find it hypocritical to obstruct and condemn everything GOP for 5 mos, then surprise there is such hate? Be the solution
My personal favorite commandment was "though shalt grab thy neghibor's wife by the vagina"
#praying democrats best reaction to evil
What a messed up country! Doesn't matter what tragedy strikes folks r busy blaming eachother
Sorry to break it to you, but prayers don't work.

How'd that go? Because, personally, I'd try legislating.
Dems praying, don't they always preach separation of church and state?
#TrumpRepublicanCreatedThisEnvironment: SecurityLaxUnderTrump:
#RepublicanConsciousBeTheirGuide:Trump estray leadership along with his yes boss choir, created a intra aggressive attitudes on both sides. 
Can u tweet the charity that will disperse the donations to all charities so don't have 2donate individ.&a way 2 donate in victims names?
Don't want u 2 have the extra work, but it would increase donations & make the country feel like they helped in some way!
Trump signed a bill allowing mentally ill to own guns.  I do not think they would care if this happened to us.
I believe in 2nd amendment but we need to do background checks and make semi automatic weapons unlawful.only military&police need them!
Good to hear ur ok
Saw on @13ActionNews
Sorry I find this "photo op" sickening . Schumer and Pelosi's rhetoric of hate won't change.
Don't forget to pray for the other 93 ppl shot today too
Nice and maybe they can follow it by toning down the anti trump rhetoric and accepting the election.
So distasteful this republican treason.
Prayer is ok now,  were is the rugs.
Why are you letting this happen?? You are just as responsible as the dems..stand up for our President or get the hell out!!!
Instead of prayer, actually DO something about gun control!
Kihuen says "And Tomorrow we will begin bright and early on continuing to work on destroying the Middle class"
Pray they have good medical coverage too
Yes, we too send love, support, and appreciation
Not sure why you would follow me @rrNoebel unless it is to harass me. Enjoy the instant block.
Please do not only take the photo op - STOP your leftist rhetoric of hate. Don't pretend this surprises you each #MSM, #NYTimes #hollywood
There's been a large number of shootings since this one happened already, maybe pass some laws about guns control instead of praying.
The true meaning of United States of America #Weare1America
Praying to the Gods wont help anymore than the NRA wil keep you from getting shot.Orlando took 3 hours 4 cops to move in.There it took 3min.
I wish we had that kind of http://protection.You  push guns on everyone while your protected we are not.
Sincere? They're rhetoric is responsible!   this . It's destroying our country 
I am a staunch dem. And it breaks my heart tht ths happnd to u all  today prayng for @SenScalice an all injured.lets #StopTheHate lovechothr
We  need to pray more for our country.. we need the Lord Jesus Christ more then ever !
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
That's To Be Expected From Democrat's ! ! !
Democrats taking the High Road! As usual.  Those blaming Dems for shooting ...low road definitely taking the low road
This is the nation I remember and love...so sad what we have bocome
I'd bet money that If positions were reversed GOP prayers would be for democrats to perish.... After all they want #WeThePeople to perish
Absolutely horrible. Very tragic. There's never an excuse for this to happen.
Sad, sad, oh so very sad! I hope his surgery is a success, and his recovery is Swift! Glad his fellow colleague was quick thinking w/belt! 
Action, not prayer.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @CNN
in between looking for ways to impeach the president and to take him down.We have had enough of this and are mad.Obstruction is wrong
Ruben Pray we get Universal health care or we all DIE
They should pray! They've been calling for resistance, hate and blood on the streets since the election! 45 yr democrat and I voted Trump
... not fighting  and jockeying for "political reasons". I join w/all of you in prayers for victims & all involved. #UnitedWeStand
... we all can come together and forget our differences. Our country needs to see this, R & D praying for & supporting each other (more)
The photo of the Godless Democrats praying makes me want to vomit. They are the Party of Hate, Obstruction, and destroying Republicans.
May I say that THIS is what America needs to see #Democrats (& #Republicans for that matter) doing. Yes, in times of crisis... (more)
What a bunch of bull; the demorats love this, they have pushed the beheading/killing of our Pres. with the dirty media, attack supporter,rep
GOP, this is your war. Own it.
WTF, will they pray for all the dead seniors, children, poor etc under Dumpcare! GOP got lots of$$$ from NRA so this was KARMA
152 mass shootings this year alone. God obviously isn't listening to your prayers.
Stop praying and DO something. Enact gun control.
Now can we see some bipartisan discussion about responsible gun regulations?
GOP keep poking the bear. Don't think for a second were out of the woods. Continue to bigoted, treat women like garbage #resist EFF THE #GOP
 House GOP laughed and celebrated after voting to let Americans die. I have 0 sympathy. END #AHCA then we'll talk
Grow up!!! Read the plan. People are not going to die. My family may from not being able to afford going to dr, much less surgery
WORDS MATTER both sides must remember that and @realDonaldTrump must remember WORDS MATTER all must stop criticizing!
This shooting is exactly what I expect to see when people making huge amounts of money, try to steal more from their constituates. #shocked
The worst kind of virtue signalling from those responsible. ISIS can radicalize via media and so does liberal MSM. You own this mess.
Rep. Ruben J.,Kihuen  prayers appreciated. But actions speak louder than words. Hatred from Democratic officials led to this.  Accept facts
Say a few prayers, have a moment of silence and then enact more laws to make it easier for crazies to get guns.  That's the GOP way.
Let's thank God he has Obamacare to take care of him during this horrible time.
SUPPORT GUN CONTROL NOT THE NRA!
Yeah that's what we need more praying and do nothing about the guns..Cause God will make it all better..Yeah RIGHT!!..
Oooops! Someone forgot to pray before all this happened.
I'm  Democrat  Democrats  don't hate we see people as human beings not Democrats or Republicans so Stephen Grover we don't hate trump does
Dems are praying, good! Because this is their fault. Culpable by association.
CONGRESSMAN STEVE SCALISE and the other Young man  in the other hospital fighting for his life my prayers go out to the BLESSED VIRGIN MARY
What a crazy fuck! Doing what the rest wush we had the courage to do.
Prayers are very nice, but the only thing that will stop these tragedies are better restrictions on automatic weapons.
Automatic weapons arent legal for purchase.  Your argument is invalid
LOL! Ok, then I will get more specific.  Only comprehensive restrictions on GUNS will reduce these tragedies. Prayers will not.
Then explain why mass shootings always happen in gun free zones?  Oh yeah, by disarming the non criminals, you make them easy targets
What happens after the next shooting, because the "thoughts and prayers," are NOT working.

Time to get real, because real people are dying.
My prayers goes out to all the Congressman and other's  who were injured in this terrible violent  and unacceptable deed
This is on Democrats heads and all the hate speech and tolerance for aggression toward Tepublucans everywhere!
What god are they praying to? This is the same party who boo'd God 3x's. Better late than never tho.
I'm puzzled by all these prayers when collectively you have the power to put an end to this. If both parties agree to act.
Ban guns, that will save you from tens of useless deaths. Prayer won't help ! #noguns
@KazmierskiR @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP May be it's time to wake up&do something w/this country!
Play a doubleheader - Second game East vs. West mixing up the parties
way to politicize a shooting dickface.
Now you call for everyone to come together but nominated name caller insults women invites violence your pres did this and you support him?
Nice You are free:  the Left's hatred of GOP or "deplorables" precludes teams, picnics, rallies.
This is the party that removed God from their platform. Staged?? Planned?? Don't buy this for a minute.
So we're suppose to have sympathy for the same people who spit in the face of Sandy  Hook parents who pleaded for some degree of gun laws...
They now need to be labeled as terrorist! Stop this violent maddness!people wake up!
Now we have a political assassination attempt! Blood is on the hands of the resistance leader ship! Clinton, Sanders, Obama, soros!
What goes around comes around.
Unite and hold trump accountable!
The true issues are with th resistance, HATE spreading,violent, liberal party! How many riots, violent acts, pretend decappitations ?
Your fake sympathy rings in hollow ears the blood lies directly at your feet and MSM!
I wish I didn't believe they were posing.
From an Independent: praying for all involved. That could have been any one of us.
well he has healthcare he's git that going for him, but fuck everyine else was his motto
Good to know . I remember when their party booed God . Nice to know they prayed . Everyone is praying today
Thank you for this beautiful picture. 

republicans aren't people. I'd be concerned if a Democrat was shot, but what happened today, oh well.
When it comes to tragedies like this, we're not political parties, we're human beings. Sad that tragedies have to remind us of that truth!
Stop praying. Pass laws & regs based on common sense/safety. All this lordy lordy biz is the cause of these messes! #SeparateChurchandState
Who were they praying to? Satan?
You could have stopped this by openly denouncing the witch hunt that has perpetuated this news cycle since POTUS was elected months ago.
PHOTO OP!!
How are democrats that ban praying at school, football fields, etc. allowed to pray on a baseball field? Asking for a friend.  for Scalise
and why weren't U denouncing the violent protests of the left, picture depicting POTUS's bloody head, the play in NYC depicting violence....
No Matter what going on We The people together first God Bless you and God bless USA. sad 
3 mass shootings today

Jesus. @NBCNews just reported that Rep. Steve Scalise is now in critical condition.
