we will be building the Wall and that will cut  down on the folks from Lawrence from getting the drugs to get to New Hampshire women buyers.
the not funny part is our 27-35 year old Mary Louise Parker style women that deal crack and heroin and pills all over the state of NH.
i got people texting me about Uncle Donald so I had to make it a 100 tweet tirade for my good friends Derek and Danny in the ground.
Granite Staters? thats what you call us we are New Hampshirites. plus you need to know 1 thing the drugs come over our south border MASS.
Want the 5 back at 5
I'm Independent! Maybe if the Democratic side stopped with the Russia stupidness and other obstruction more important things can get done!
Does that not concern you in the least? It certainly concerns ME as a citizen & vet who understands Nat Sec
Few of ppl trump owes apologies to:
Obama
HClinton
JMcCain
PM Turnball
Mexico
Child in wheelchair (wldnt shake his hand)
Mika brezezinski
why?  name it - we will wait - i mean if its your opinion surely you have a reason he owes these people apologies... right?
He owes no one an apology this was not said in public privacy was invaded those responsible for the leak and invaded privacy need2 apologize
1 day I drove from Hudson to Vermont back in the 1990s to get some Vermont Kind Bud and that was brought down from the NORTH BORDER. Canada.
All you dems do to fight the opioid crisis is to light candles.
it is the dem party that owes the apology
#putinbot
is that all you can do is name call. pretty lame
#putinbot
Thank you Senator Shaheen.
Yeah Thank you Senator Shaheen. In one tween you both villified Trump for his comment, then validated the same comment by demanding help.
Trump promised to help with the opioid crisis in NH during his campaign and has yet to do so.  A request to make good is hardly a demand.
NH is no drug den.  People work every day to improve the situation; "drug den" is not indicative of the efforts here.
What ur intentions r and what actually IS - not the same. When my 9-year-old says he "wants" to be good. Not the same as actually BEING good
Sanctimonious BS from @SenatorShaheen. You owe an apology for being such an obtuse dolt who's invisible, ineffective and incompetent.
Trump campaigned  to stop drugs at border. That's why he won primary in drug-infested NH. You owe apology.
U Dems owe @POTUS an apology for not working with him to better USA instead you just stay political!
Not true at all! Bot
Is that your best?  #patheticliberal
Hope you were talking to the other two! I am sticking up for my @POTUS!
Of course. Im laughing at the clueless liberals who use the "bot" defense. So ridiculous.
What about VT.?
He does not owe anybody anything for something he says in what is supposed to be a private conversation.  The leakers need to be prosecuted.
really he spoke the truth ! What's the problem?! Your concern should be with the leaks 
Ego maniacs and narrsist don't have the maturity or ability to apologize
Learned this first hand.
secure the border and stop the drugs from flowing across landing in your state,!
You owe my parents an apology for making it such a disaster of a state that they live in now. It was fine when Sununu was in. Democrats suck
So, you do not like Trump's private coversation trying to stop drugs to your state.  His hyperbolic language offends you more than NH drugs.
Why
Obama did nothing to help NH and Trump is.  Why don't you help.Drug prob escalated while you were in office. Time for you to step down,
You need to get your priorities straight. Trump is trying to help and you are concerned about language in a private conversation.
Senator, how about giving a thought to the fact that private conversations of POTUS were leaked to press?
Unfortunately this president never ever apologizes. We do need solutions for opioid addiction. Prayers for everyone!
No, she should apologize to America, own your state has a problem, all states do.
dems owe America and apology
NH Gov:  (clutches pearls) APOLOGIZE!!  Also NH Gov:  Give us money to fix that problem I wanted you to apologize about....
I guess you haven't been to Nashua lately
We are now on to your lies and deception. U are no longer for the American people but out for yourselves. You have not kept your commitment.
When have you ever heard that jive turkey apologize?
Boo hoo.
Wait, so what you're saying Sen. Shaheen, is that President Trump should apologize for telling the truth?? Liberal logic is truly dizzying
He was trying to help NH by putting pressure on Mexican leader in a conversation that was criminally leaked and not meant for public or u
Shhhh!  Quiet, citizen. Accept the rubber stamp liberal ideology by our pathetic Senator and move on.
I'm furious @ this statement about our state! MANY states have drug issues &like them NH is trying 2solve it. These BS comments r offensive
No @SenatorShaheen. The @realDonaldTrump can't fix the abuses of the #DrugWar. It's Congress that needs to act: #Legalize ALL drugs!
how about we stop being offended and realize there is a huge drug problem in NH and work together to fix it
you were quoted by @NPR
Umm he doesn't follow thru with much except his constant lies
He's trying to end the crisis and he spoke the truth. How about you morons deal with your own problems?
Lmao
Sorry NH, he didn't win there. No help for you!
Maybe you should fix the problem, then act butt-hurt and indignant.
How did you and others in NH Govt let it reach epidemic levels? Why did you not do more sooner?
"Wahh he needs to apologize for saying we have a drug crisis and then help with our drug crisis." LOL this is your brain on liberalism.
Trump never apologizes. Never admits doing wrong. He'll never man-up like a real man. No respect for him until that happens.
You and the governor should be doing the work. That's your job.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things as they are, not how you wish it would be. You have a drug problem and trump correctly called it
You own people of NH an apology for allowing this horror to continue&grow - WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO STOP IT? Nothing! Hope you're out soon
Apologize for what? Because he told the truth? He said it to help your state. You're in denial if you don't see the epidemic.
Agree completely. Thank you, Senator!
I'm sure she reads this. Lmfao
maybe if congress spent more time in state speaking with constituents instead of protesting Trump, things would get done!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
Trump apologize? I'd love to hear that!
Your fellow NH citizens are being killed by opioids & you're outraged with @realDonaldTrump ? Disgusting
Are all people on the East Coast dumb?
What are you doing to #StopTheCrisis it appears you have done nothing to help but complain about @realDonaldTrump BTW that doesn't help NH!!
Thank you Jeanne Shaheen for all you do for the GREAT state of NH.
I'm sure he'll apologize. He's usually pretty good about owning up to mistakes and apologizing appropriately. Not that he makes mistakes...
Donald does no what the word apology is. He had never said he was sorry for anything.
Thank you Senator. My support is yours.

Amen he owes you an apologize..a friend in MA.
- You didn't really believe anything coming from that puckered mouth did you Sen. Shaheen?
Is there a severe drug crisis and epidemic in #NewHampshire or not? Were you and others lying & exaggerating to @POTUS to get money for NH?
This is representative democracy in action.
with all due respect @SenatorShaheen ... @realDonaldTrump owes ALL OF HUMANITY an apology.  #EMBARRASSMENT #LIAR #FakePromises #tinyTRUMP
@DanFeltesNH We can't count on #Trump or @GovChrisSununu to do what's right for #NH. Vote them both out.
What crisis?  If your state isn't a drug den, then you have no crisis.  If you have a crisis he owes no apology.
Promise?  PROMISE?  He will promise you today that he NEVER promised you anything yesterday.
trump HATES anything American except his precious trump properties.
I'm appalled a POTUS would speak that way about any state, especially to a foreign leader! He is a traitor, not a patriot!
He also lied about winning New Hampshire! Hillary won that state!
Yes and she LOST the election. She only won the state because of corrupt Dem voter fraud. Thank God @POTUS won! #MAGA
Yes thank god we have putin's b@tch in the White House! Sarcasm 
If it's a real crisis, what does he need to apologize for?
He should apologize for being an egotistical, racist sociopath. #NotMyPresident
You seem  well balanced
Imagine how much rage Todd wakes up with every day?  Lol.
All I know is that this is the 1st I've heard of the opioid crisis (nationally) during JS entire tenure since 2009. Attention helps, yes?
President Trump speaks the truth, no apologizes necessary.

You yourself have only to be blamed for the  drug epidemic in New Hampshire.
Wait. Either it is a crisis and it is real and drugs have infested NH - so he spoke correctly athough not PC -OR the crisis is fake news ?
never saw an apology from Harry Reid for his comment “You go to New Hampshire. There are not any minorities there. Nobody lives there."
𝐁𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠: Trump doesn't care about America or your state and will only apologize if it benefits him.  The only reason he does anything.
you don't apologize for telling the truth    clean up your state
Thanks for trying to save rural hospitals here.  And standing up for the Granite state.
#putinbot
#notfunny
wrong your republican congress did everything to obstruct implementation.  
FWI  Its a sin to lie.
Stop blaming Republicans for everything , Obama and the Democrats did nothing for years and now want to blame President Trump for it all.
Why for  8yrs  u guys forget to help the granite  states. Now   you are  pretending as if  you care. This is pure  hypocrisy
AI fail.  bot
You bet he owes NH an apology. Trump owes the entire Country an apology. What prez would ever say such things? On, yeah. Trump.
You don't even live in NH
I live in NH and agree with Rupert
#Obama #SenatorShaheen #JeanneShaheen abetted #opioid #heroin epidemic w #openborders #sanctuarycities for #illegals
Can't wait till #MuellerTime  - Impeach this idiot
When 1 speaks the truth there is no need 2 apologize! Put away the party #Rubberstamp & actually work on the problem instead of talking
I'M OWED APOLOGIES FROM MANY NEW HAMPSHIRES. Mine due 1st.
While I agree with you, I can't see Trump ever apologizing. He's yet to do it. It shows a lot about his character, or lack there of.
Your party is the one who allowed it to happen Senator! Save peoples lives - not worry about words! You are what is wrong with your state
Oops, sorry Sen. Shaheen. I love our  NH congressional delegation but have no respect for Trump
It's true & Jeff Sessions is doing a fine job- it's the politicians that are fighting the agenda. @KatesLaw #NoSanctuaryforCriminalsAct
Only point of reference is Fed Congress failed war on Smoking. Fake  platitudes & Punishing taxation, not working  @COSProject 4  solution!
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump / DW Schultz & Awan family have your info. ?
GET A CLUE !
Don't forget... It's YOUR fault that Trump colluded with RU to steal our elect and attack our country from within!  Trumpty Dumpty said so!.
That would require a big man. He's a small man.
He's a tiny man. Tiny, tiny man. The tiniest man. Sad. #impeach45 @cult45

so trump should stop talking about how NH is drug infested...and help NH with its drug crisis?
He should stop trying to defund healthcare & by extension- treatment for opioid addiction. It's a crisis he used 4 campaign & now abandoned
Not wanting to subsidize insurance companies with taxpayer dollars is not the same thing as "defunding health care".
You owe the country an APPOLEGY for OBAMA CARE when do we get it
When you learn to read up and realize how many people Obamacare has helped ... and learn to spell "apology."
wouldn't it just be best to invoke the #25thAmendmentNow? let's stop enabling this addled traitor

What a vague tweet but you got the reaction you were looking for.
Our President said this to Mexico's President. Wow. He owes the entire country an apology.

I doubt he will
Don't hold your breath, Senator. He's a lying POS that must be removed! #ImpeachTrump #Collusion #25amendment
He has never apologized for ANYTHING in his life.

He's never going to apologize. We know the truth. 

Cannot wait until 45 is gone...
I think you're missing the irony in Senator Sheehan's tweet.
You seem confused. Trump is everyone's problem. Not just Jeanne's.
I hope your talking about the DEMOCRATS creating a HEALTHCARE crisis
1. *you're 
2. Maybe read her tweet again because it says what she's talking about.
