Are you sure? I think you are wrong! Make no mistake Mr. Colin Luther Powell, to repent do not have.
You people who want are war with Russia are mad. You're going to get us all killed and for what? A pipeline route? Insanity
Liar. US empire wants to "regime change" and destabilize peace process in Syria. You want a war on Russia. Shameful. Treasonous #DemExit
well we know that to be a lie and fake narrative, what evidence do u have? None!
You are way behind the news - Zero evidence that Syria did it to their own people -more likely the terorists did it the ones you arm, - fool
The mess in Syria is the fault of Obama, Killary and the DemocRat party.
Thank you, J.S. Horror in Syria must be condemned. @POTUS lacks mental capacity for compassion for others, so his reaction is no surprise.
Bribed liars who abet the robbery by the Fed can not be the future of America.
I see , now it is important but not the red line! Hmmm
That obama red line hurt us that will t c b. You're never going to realize that because you are blinded by party lines
We lost our humanity when the world allowed Assad to get away with his genocide!
Interesting how a US Senator has completely condemned a person without one spect of truth.  No wonder we're in so many wars.
fake narrative to initiate US war on Syria not unlike the illegal war in Iraq. War criminals shld b in jail.
Вы сначала в Афганистане наведите порядок и Ираке. А Сирийцы без вас, козлов, разберутся как и с кем им строить Сирию. Лечите голову.
Let's support the "moderate" rebels beheading children instead.

Oh. Wait.
Evidence??? Could have been a chemical weapons factory. You USA politicians are great at shouting and having no evidence.
After taking Aleppo he decides to use chemical weapons, i dont think so. Only the rebels have been found to have chemical weapons up to now
Prima di parlare è meglio informarsi bene: non è corretto diffamare persone innocenti come Assad.Chi ha dato gas nervino ai terroristi? USA?
Give me the facts, and proof please. I see none, just like Iraq. Americans are not falling for this again. Blood will be on your hands!!!
potus wants to keep usa safe & the dem's keep blocking him in his travel ban we have to keep our people safe.not ask the people to die here.
WE are terrorizing Syria on behalf of Israel.    We destroyed how many countries in the middle east?
Why didn't #Demcorats whine when Fat #MichelleObama gassed the #WhiteHouse staff after every meal? #hypocrites
Мы думали что Псакки не совсем умная. Но Ваши заявления это просто шедевры паранойи. Жаль Американцев ими управляют шизофреники.
You and your stinking party are responsible for Syria,you silly creature.
The real enemy of America is the democratic party.
Vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch! Do Not Filibuster! Dems barely won NH! He is highly qualified & will be great SCOTUS! Stop playing politics!
He needs to stop blaming others for this. And he needs to take a stand despite what Putin's stance is
Trump doesn't care! FACT!
How many times does this have to happen? Why are we idly watching people die? It's gonna come back around. A chemical attack?!?!?! 2/2
Assad has attacked his people 2x. Survivors of attack#1 stayed in Syria-barely holding on;those who fled were rejected here. 1/2
Shaheen I go to CNN each day to have a laugh at the fake headlines then go to RT to read the real news.
There was no gas attack. Fake propaganda by the terrorist group The White Helmets. Check how the doctors are handling people without gloves
Democrats loved Assad. Thought he was someone to work with. London educated. Nuanced.
@Mender8 And where was Obama? Red line? Remember?
Lier like your false prophet was . It's the Sunni Muslims who's doing these atrocities. The people of Syria who decide their leader not You
It's strange, if this is the case, that the Syrian people keep reelecting Assad.  Stop pushing #fakenews headlines.
Trump is allying w putin and Assad and you must tell the people this
Thank you for your leadership on this issue
Just stop it we know it the so-called rebels. There are only terrorist groups in Syria. Syrian people just want it to stop.
What was your favorite foreign policy goal/achievement of Obama's regarding Assad and Syria? I'll wait for your non-answer....
agreed. and #trump is terroizing his own people too so I am sure he gets it
If you would leave him to being the President I believe that He would t c b.  Instead you want to block him on his every move.
I agree as a humanitarian, and to the people arguing this isn't our problem, unstable regions are where organizations like ISIS can grow.
Don't jump to conclusions of responsibility until facts are verified.
With support grom russia, our new bf
From
Present admin must not only recognize this calamity but forceful action is needed now. BTW last admin was wrong to ignor it's own red line
The last administration was in office to destroy our country. Read his book The Dreams of my father.
@JumpTheRework birds of a feather.
And what is the American government doing here against its peoples!?  The same shit!  But in different ways!  HYPOCRITES!
God knows President Trump is not a true republican!  And those moderates are phonies!
Regrettably, he doesn't.
Where were u on this the last 8 years?  Who drew the line then put his hands in his pockets when crossed.  This is Obama's Serbia...
Something something red line something something
Assad is wining the war , why would he do something that would bring UN & USA. Back in , false flag evidence please ,
The UN is the most useless blood sucking entity in this world!
Yes the way they fight famine and do peacekeeping  along fightimg for w human rights is just terrible
YOUR A VERY WEAK SENATOR
Where have you been remember( RED LINE IN SAND )
Dear sen # support the education system and we all know that the only way to get the free future
We aren't the 'World police', yet what evidence do you have that this is so? Seems Hillary funded her own private war there. #NotUS
Unlike many of today's newfound experts, Shaheen spoke up about Syria under Obama Admin:
https://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/shaheen-chemical-weapons-in-syria-pose-major-threat …
https://www.shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/as-syrian-refugee-crisis-grows-shaheen-leads-senate-resolution-calling-for-international-cooperation …
She should have done more than..it was her guy
Just like trump is doing to us in this country
Good grief!
I know right!
