We just dramatically upgraded the Sec of State today. Rex Tillerson will give USA a refreshing upgrade versus Kerry.
here's a little graph to show what's going to happen next - Tillerson is all about ending the sanctions

Nice misdirection but no dice.  
Hope I'm wrong - but the Exxon/Rosneft deal WILL move forward now
Russia will make a great long term world security and trade partner, so will China. Middle East, N Korea, and ISIS is the enemy.
ok comrade
Thank you!!
You supported Pompeo, any explanation for that?
Thx u @SenatorShaheen After careful consideration, I could not support Rex Tillerson’s nomination to serve as SOS: http://shaheen.senate.gov/news/press/sha …
Thank you for not voting for him! I was upset he made it through, but I felt you were speaking out for myself & many others!
https://youtu.be/sOD5zJcQoZI?t=1m36s … Why would you choose an oil CEO for secretary of state.
Thank You!
Thank you! @SenatorShaheen
thank you for your leadership! The American people will remember who voted for and against come election time!
and THANK YOU for voting with your brain and your conscience. You are the definition of a true American patriot! 
Thank You!
Thank you! The nomination of this man is frightening...
do not vote for DeVos!!! Please keep education policies out of the hands of carpetbaggers!!
@nhdogmom thank you. Tillerson is a citizen of ExxonMobil and unqualified for USA sos.
thank you Senator Shaheen!
Thank you for your careful consideration and coming down on the side of your constituents.
Thank you for representing NH well.  As a voter, I am proud you are my senator.
- I pray that #RexTillerson does not get the confirmation to become #SecretaryOfState - we need someone with #integrity!!
THANK YOU!!!
Yes you read he was Trump's nominee and voted against him, your not fooling anyone
I hope you vote against @RealBenCarson @SenatorSessions @ScottPruittOK @BetsyDeVos - All unqualified and/or inapporpriate!

BREAKING: New undercover investigation shows @PPact doesn’t help women who want to keep their babies. 

Full video: http://bit.ly/2jYq5S3  
Probably the best secretary of state we will ever have. Do not let your rage against Trump blind you. America for all.
Many life long democrats voted Trump & will vote Repubs till you Dems stop ignoring the suffering of American citizens.
thank you
THANK YOU! I just wish more of your colleagues would have your courage.
Thank you.
I am so proud that you are my representative.
Thank you! We are counting on you to stand up to the fascist agenda of this mad clown and his posse of comic book villains.
Of course not, it's more important 2 prove how partisan & petty u r! U have no idea how to do what's right for USA! ignorant
Thank you for your careful and thoughtful analysis of this nominee, and your vote opposing him.
And then you voted for more torture by the CIA at the hands of Mike Pompeo. Shame on you.
Well done, Senator. I ask you to oppose every single Cabinet nominee, and every Republican proposal.
Thank you Senator Shaheen.
Lol, who cares, we own the house and the Senate, he WILL be confirmed regardless.. sniffles.. sour grapes
Thank you!
why the vote for Pompeo? He is going to expand the surveillance state, not rein it in. SCARY!!
You could support John Fraud Kerry who is half the man as Rex Your careful consideration is a myth
Thank you for this thoughtful decision.  I strongly support your vote.
Thank you for standing up for us against Exxon-Mobil and @realDonaldTrump. You represented us welll with that no vote.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator Shaheen.
Thank you for voting your conscience
careful consideration? Who are you kidding you dump. Follow the leader you sheep. He'll get confirmed without u don't worry
I do not approve of your decision. Nashua resident
Agreed.
We're with you and hope you will be loud.
Thank you!!
Thank you
Obstruct, obstruct, obstruct! These are not rational cabinet choices!
Great decision, thank you. Keep America Great!!
.            #Defeated.  and you get paid for this. We the people should all work for free.      #termlimits for all senators
thank you
thank you!!
Why, he's a Business man that knows what he's doing?
Thank you for your commitment to an informed vetting of DJT nominees.
Thank you for your efforts...knew the republicans would fold...we are doomed!
Good. He's too close to #Putin
thank you Senator Shaheen.
matters not just like most of your political grandstanding. Rex will be next #Secstate without your meaningless vote
The Kremlin connections between this Administ. and Putin are bordering on treason, if not outright.
Thank God for that!
THANK YOU! He's a horrible HORRIBLE CHOICE
Thank you Senator.  Stay strong & please oppose Betsy DeVos as well
thank you!
@chtissy yippee
Thank you Jeanne Shaheen!!
Careful Consideration after what??

@DonnaMWestbrook You mean Putin's puppet.
Thank You - Hang in there!
Seems my vote was well placed! Thank you!
thank you!
Thank you! You may not be my Sen., but we need to work together.
Correct decision, thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your vote. You will have mine forever.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you! I voted for you, and keep doing what you’ve done with Rex and with that nightmare DeVos you’ll keep that vote.
Thank you for having the courage of your convictions!
Stay strong!
My GOP senator just goes with whatever the GOP asks.  Are there any other GOP senators that might agree with you?
Thank you from Keene NH!
Thank you Senator Shaheen!
Thank you so much!
great news. Opinions on press brief today?
Thank you Senator Shaheen!
