Thank you @SenatorShaheen. We need Republican senators to stand up as well. This is a bipartisan issue
Thank you Senator! Please stand up for the call for Independent investigation(special prosecutor)!
@OnlyRealFred @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Senator. Stand strong. Our precious country needs you.
As a constituent, I beg of you to continue fighting for an Independent Investigation of @realDonaldTrump !He must be impeached!!
Is there any investigation on out of state involvement in you're election in NH?
Hahahaha James Comey exonerated Trump THREE times with regards to Russia so stop perpetuating this lie. The CIA framed Russia @wikileaks
Thank you, Senator Shaheen.
It's well past time @SenateGOP put country before party & call for a #SpecialProsecutor.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
I agree. Please take poll on this and see where U stand compared to others: http://osintdaily.blogspot.com/2017/02/should-special-prosecutor-probe-into.html …
So many senators talking, but not doing a damn thing. How much of our country will be pillaged by the GOP before someone does something?
Country before party. We have your back if you stand up for what's right.
Country above Party!!!
FIRE TRUMP NOW
In almost a year they found no shred of evidence of link to Russia. He got fired b/c he over-reached his position
Please make an independent investigation your first priority. Your constituents are counting on you.
If Obama had had any #@&% he would have already-along with HRC and lying crew.
Speak loudly.
Do ANYTHING in your power, please - to fight for an independent investigation and to begin impeachment process
Obama should have fired him when he said it was OK ( for some ) to break the law if they "didn't mean to".
Indep investigation is the only way we will ever know the truth. This is an assault against our democracy. T must go.
Democrats losing! Again. Love it!
Can you please start treason charges? Impeachment? Please
Please push for independent investigation. McConnell's refusal only signals more to hide. Americans deserve integrity restored to our Gov.
Back in Nov. you and your party wanted him fired for causing Hillary to lose the election yet now your upset he's been fired? #draintheswamp
thank you Senator Shaheen.  Country above Party.
Since they colluded in election-how do you expect GOP traitors to do right thing?
If an independent prosecutor is not appointed every republicans in congress need to be fired. We will not let Trump destroy this country.
This is what amazes me most: the WH behaves as if Americans have no right to be fully informed&Trump's supporters don't want to be informed!
Thank you, @SenatorShaheen Let's get to #impeachTrumpnow
YES!! Amen! Thank you!!
You Democrats are HYPOCRITES. Last year you all were blasting Comey. Schumer is a Hypocrite.
The public is very concerned, but Republican legislators are not. Please keep us informed.
We're past what SHOULD or MUST happen. What SPECIFIC AGGRESSIVE ACTIONS are you and your colleagues taking?  Exercise your power.  Trump is.
Ty, Jeanne. We know u will do everything in your power to get this done.
Most Americans could not agree more!!
@MybestgirlHolly @realDonaldTrump absolutely!
Ongoing investigation of what?! No wonder the dope was fired, he dwelled on nothing and exonerated actual crimes.
Thank you for your service. America demands an independent counsel.
Sen. Shaheed now is the time America needs elected officials to ensure a special commission investigates Trump administration.
Not unprecedented - July '93, Pres Clinton fired FBI Director Sessions citing ?s about his conduct and leadership.
I worked on your 2008 campaign. I get that you're the minority party, but could you perhaps actually do something about this now?
You need to catch up on what the Dem leadership is saying. There was NO Russian involvement. It was made up.
He needs to be impeached first, so he has no control of the  investigation at all.
Please have a word with @SenatorCollins
Can't wait until nothing happens. It's always something something Russia Russia something something
Thank you, Senator.
Yes! Time for Congress to put country over party & investigate w/independent prosecutor
So HRC blames him for loss and calls out ineptitude- Yet now he is fired and liberals whaling!! This is hilarious.
Please make this happen!  The American people deserve better than what we are getting.
Agreed, there definitely should be an investigation.
Thank you! Please hurry.
@ctolderfanj @realDonaldTrump do something
I'm curious as to why you need to respond to comets firing. He didn't answer to you,  he answered to Trump
We need fewer words and more action.
Thank you @SenatorShaheen
His impeachment must come soon.
He's the President. He can fire who ever he wants. All presidents have done this!! Plus you LOSERS still have no evidence Russia interefered
@christineMMG (which I am certain means MyMouthGoes&goes & goes & goes. Get off my page - you are a nothing@

Senator, now is the time to use the power entrusted you by We The People to push hard for this. Please. Time for action.
"Interference", is right. If Trump cans all legitimate investigators, the fox will feed inside the henhouse
Demand an  independent counsel, or better yet, start impeachment proceedings. Trump is going to start a civil war if not a world war.
Canvass the GOP for support, whoever is not on board we'd like to know, thank you!
ABSOLUTELY!! Tell me how I can help, Jeanne! This is unacceptable--a transparent effort to protect Trump from consequences of his actions.
I have to wonder what's next for #Trump in eliminating his opponents to his coup.  I wonder how long b4 vocal Dem opponents get investigated
They selected who would sit in the white house, not the american people. He is NOT the rightful president. #TheResistance #TrumpRussia 
Did you not listen to the hearings yesterday? There is no evidence of collusion between Russia and the Trump administration.
IMPEACH TRUMP.
Yes!  Please make this happen!
Senator, could you release a statement on where you stand regarding the unmasking of private citizens as well as the illegal leaks?
Of course not!
#gladheisgone #drainingtheswamp
This absolutely needs to happen. We are beyond the point of hypotheticals. We need action and independent oversight.
Also, please honor your word and help me sponsor "Zoolander" the Afghani Intrepreter that served with US armed forces and get him here safe.
I thought U dummies were yelling "fire Comey" for the past 6 months, what changed? Oh there are plenty of witch hunters out there still
Bloody Sunday incoming?
Ha Ha. "Country above party"...while towing the DNC's LINE! You're a hoot...a genuine HOOT!
Well said!!! Please grab the nearest CNN/CSPAN/MSNBC/FOX camera you see and shout this into the microphone at the top of your lungs!
Please demand a Special Counsel.  We the People need ALL our Senators and Representatives to work and speak for us.  PLEASE!
I agree. Please take poll on this and see where U stand compared to others: http://osintdaily.blogspot.com/2017/02/should-special-prosecutor-probe-into.html …
