what did you say when barry did same thing for same countries, for 6 months?
will you please share a link where you learned he banned these same countries for 6 months?
check my feed now. It is there
thanks for sharing. I'll have to read the bill when I have some time to dedicate to it.
the first thing I'd note is that this was a bill passed by the biggest Republican majority congress ever, but I digress...
will read it all when I'm able to do so.
I was simply saying that left gets their panties is a wad when trump does what their god barry did and they were fine w it
everyone gets their panties in a wad.  if it was already in effect, why the EO? Perhaps the plan was to deter from indefinite..
You don't get to define WHAT is American for us. Americans will do that.
Only legally! How in the world did U get elected? Nevermind, had 2 be uneducated voters. Anyone ever read the Constitution?
, the American people are feed up with you HYPOCRITES!  American First! That's exactly why President Trump was elected!
make sure they go to ur neighborhood, ur kid's schools, ur hospitals, and keep them out of my state.
It looks like so-called liberals are trying to establish an Islamic caliphate ruled by sharia law in the USA!! Why???!
No not all ppl. No one has a right to move here.
We are still are; just don't want to expose us citizens to unbridled human rights abuses; I'm sure you agree.
Except that you Democrats flooded this "Nation of Immigrants" with ILLEGAL Immigrants and now we are EFFING BROKE with no law and order!
we are a nation of LEGAL Immigrants who contribute to this country and I will simulate to this country God bless America
Was Obama "grossly inhumane" don't let your base find out how phony all your outrage is! Voters hate hypocrisy
And there's plenty of it within the Democrat part! They eat hypocrisy for lunch!
In the Democrat party makes us eat excrement every day
You're just pissing and moaning because your party is impotent.
Are you done with your term limits yet?
Sure. If they are legal and vetted.
even terrorists are welcome?
We are a nation of LEGAL immigrants who came here for a better life, not to mooch & murder.
How is accepting intolerance supposed to make us a more tolerant nation??
This is the rhetoric that will  bring our country down. It's "un-American" to put our country in danger of terrorists.
There's no law that states we have to take anyone in, especially possible terrorists.
We are a nation of Americans, and the American people overwhelmingly support the EO. Your sorry candidate/party LOST.
get a life & read the order! U democrats don't give a flip 4 immigrants, perhaps care about those that vote 4 u or do they
but it is completely legal and constitutional! May not feel good may make you sad but it is legal!
That is your OPINION.  It is not illegal for the President to ban citizens from known terrorist countries.
one word Senator "hypocrite"....say anything to appease your faltering fascist party...please go to your fake cry lessons!
We The People will vote your ass out of OUR Senate Chamber. Get on the American Trump Train or get out of the way! #MAGA
I agree Obama was UnAmerican when he put ban on Iran refugees who had worked and supported US. Left to die!
You were okay with 2015 bill for strict immigration rules from these countries. Also 2011 Iraqi ban.
We are really tired of you people, didn't you get the message on Nov 8th
faiths that promote honor killings, stonings, FGM are inhumane.
honor killings, stonings, beheadings and rape are un American.
no, not when those Faiths deem that it is good to kill those of another faith.
grossly inhumane to have some people wait an extra hour or two for the privilege of coming in, and yes they got in...
try putting Americans first for a change. Veterans dying while trying to get medical help, where was your compassion then?
President Trump is fighting for us! You are playing politics. Where was compassion for homeless Americans?
I respectfully disagree, this is an order from a duly elected President who is honoring his vow to protect and defend.
What the hell are you talking about?! More swill from the progressives!
Your new electorate? You people are FOS in every way. http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/11/17/chuck-schumer-pause-syrian-refugee-settlement-may-needed/ …
Senator: What part of the arson, rapes, murders, riots, & chaos in Europe is it that you want for the US & your State, too?
so you think Obama who did same is American?Iraqi refugees ban bill
no hunny, we finally have a POTUS that has the guts to stand for us.. Not your Muslim brotherhood 
what about Cubans?  Were you outraged when Obama abolished "wet foot dryfoot"? Cubans live under tyranny? What about them?
You need to reread the order. I am no lawyer but nowhere does it say we are stopping immigration permanently
Amen Keith!
You must obey by the laws and rules that were put in place for a reason! Apply for citizenship and do it the correct way!
obama did it.. schumer supported visa ban, and your point to attack trump is..............?
Why should we let anyone and everyone in? Does it make us better? Safer? How so?
People who want to blow us up are NOT welcome.
TRAITOR #AmericaHater. #DrainTheSwamp #TermLimits
the constitution doesn't GUARANTEE unvetted entrance  
We have a right to limit entrance to those that LOVE our country & follow our laws
ANTI AMERICAN REFUSES to protect AMERICAN CITIZENS who pay her salary or is she paid higher by someone else?
The problem is  #sorospuppets like @SenatorShaheen want a new world order and want to ruin the USA. They r elitist wanting control
Legal Immigrants yes, illegal no. People that want to assimilate yes, people that want to kill us no. 
#BuildTheWall
Do you have any MILITARY FAMILY FIGHTING FOR AMERICAN'S?
To keep TERRORIST OUT! AND if I need I.D. THEY NEED I.D.!
You are a dingbat!
U didn't have to worry about immigrants b/f
IT'S UN-AMERICAN THAT AMERICANS H AVE TO LIVE IN FEAR OF TERRORISM. YOUR LYING AND DIVIDING. Your empathy is misplaced.
You senator are a damn fool!
Yes, we are a nation of immigrants, except under that guise, some want to gain access to us to Kill us. Reality Check.
We are a nation of laws. Legal and peaceful immigrants are welcome.
Unless Former President Obama banned them! That was as American as Apple Pie!
my family landed on Ellis Island They were immigrants ready to become U Scitizens not refugees These ppl would rather not b
It is sad that people like you are allowed to hold office. I didn't see you say anything when Obama did it.
Bullshit.
And you can't read?
It is true "we are a nation of immigrants" you keep saying over and over however we are not a nation of stupid immigrants!!!
Correct but those immigrants you mention didn't want us dead the radical Islamic terrorists do. So they need to be vetted!!!
So we open the flood gates, who pays Senator? Oh that's right, the working class.
Then why don't you Un-do Obama's betrayal of Cubans?
.@SenatorShaheen:
Nice job Scott   <><><>
your commie talking points are a Lie and so is everything Democrats stand for. False Statements said by 10 people are still
madam your a sucka!
You won't be saying that when a Muslim kills one of your loved ones.
you democrats just don't get it; please keep up the hysteria, GOP will gain seats in the upcoming midterms!
Hypocrite! Where was you outrage on Obama 6 month travel ban in 2011? Terrorist posing as refugees -
yes, vetted ones who come here legally.  How about the ones that are killing Americans?
at Rockingham Mall in Salem, NH shopping with immigrants from all over.
Thank you for standing up and speaking out!
I hope you and your fellow @SenateDems and @HouseDemocrats are planning to actually DO something about this.  He must be stopped.
you make me proud to be from NH. What else can I do to support you?
OK. So what are you going to do about it?
Islam sharia in specific is not compatible with American values. Shame on you for thinking difficult
We are a nation of LEGAL immigrants and not the country tgat takes every skill less person on the Earth from anywhere.
thank you! Please protect the constitution and the ideals of our great nation.
Our strength is our diversity & our democratic way is  to welcome these immigrants Shame on Trump & the GOP-aka 4
Hypocrisy
Thank you for resisting this horrible order! THANK YOU!!!
Trump is placating his Evangelical Christian supporters who want an American Christian Theocracy NOT a Secular America
Step out from under the EU - UN Globalist Islamification Plan ! Yes !!! Even Libtards can Do It !
Temporary. Relax. You ppl are hilarious
LEGAL immigrants. Get a clue. I'm so glad you are finally out of NH and in a minority that can be out voted.
Americans may find themselves treated the same way when they travel abroad in protest.
Thank you. Please work within the Senate to overturn this Executive Action.
and what will you be doing about it? Who will trump target next? LGBTQ or the disabled? When do I need to hide in an attic?
pls explain how he's able to enact all so easily, without question? What's an exec order? Where are the checks & balances?
I work with refugees every day. They are good people who contribute to our country. Please fight!
Thank you for speaking out against this horrific move by Trump. Proud to have you representing NH!
I will send them to you ocean condos in York Maine. I am sure you will not mind.
illegal criminals are not immigrants- they are criminals and need to be deported
Thank you for your principled stand, Senator.
Please do everything you can to fight this.  NH supports you!
What can be done to stop this? How can we help?
Also grossly inhumane is putting an unqualified profiteer in charge of American kids' education.  No to DeVoss.
Thank you Sen. Shaheen for representing NH citizens with compassion, intellect and basic human decency.
To @SenatorShaheen do you think voting for #Pompeo will affect your chances when you get primaried ? @jimmy_dore #JusticeDemocrats
Why have you voted for 4 Trump nominees so far?
nobody objects to legal immigration - respecting the laws of our country and the citizens that live here.
the real problems is they come here get everything easy while we have homeless vets and full born Americans fighting for a $
certainly coming here will NOT be easy for refugees. Restrictions are immoral and inhumane.
problems with homeless vets and poverty will not be affected by restrictions. Focus on those two REAL problems.
And those who helped --- draftees,
need to be brought to light.
- abortion is inhumane too, your party's values are a bit hypocritical!
a terrible day for anyone who believes in the promise of America.
While we have thousands of homeless vets and millions in poverty. Why can't we take care of our OWN FIRST.
we are with you Senator
@AJentleson Get on the floor of the Senate and demand it be withdrawn/reversed.
.@SenatorShaheen How many refugees have you personally taken in? Live near any? Many dont share our values. Get off your pedestal.
disgusted refugees go through more vetting than the #predatorinchief did. What were they thinking?
No kidding! To what exent was his wife vetted?
How mny Christian refugees hve bn taken in? Less thn 200, how mny muslim?10,000. Apprntly u don't want to welcome all faiths
legal immigrants Jean assimilating to our constitution. No globalization.
how did that work in Manchester after 28k Somalians dropped in. Highest increase crime rate in country. You own it.
the Somalians are the ones committing the crimes.
Sure If they come in and live the way we live and not try to change us to there way and there faith.
As long as they are here legally and choose to adopt our values, language, and way of life. If not, go somewhere else.
They do in spades! They start learning English even before they arrive here.
Time to tighten up who we allow in for the safety of all Americans.
Thank you for standing up!
These are not your run of the mill refugees, we want to make sure that there is not a wolf in sheeps skin.
that description sounds like @SenatorShaheen who prefers Illegals & possible terrorists over AMERICAN CITIZENS
"KEEP GOIN"
This horse is out of the barn. Are you all going to watch it gallop away or go after it?
I totally agree. Can you share any detail on the definition of Extreme Vetting ?
@Anootchka Please stand up and stop voting to confirm his appointees.
What part of temporary is misunderstood here. Obama's advisors said we could not vet ppl from Mid East
Happy to see my vote for in you was not wasted!  Please keep fighting.  It's going to be a necessary slog!!!
