If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
And a free market is what should provide it.
Nope! Wrong! The market is monopolized and healthcare is an inelastic demand! Without intense government supervision corps will gouge us!
"Inelastic demand"  You don't know much about demographics and population trends, huh?
What does that have to do with sick poor people who need coverage? They are the same if they're Black or White, in MA, MN, MT, or MS?
Instead of turning the entire medical biz upside down how about the Gov build a few free clinics, then offer scholarships to staff them?
How is that free market? It sounds like ACA is a more free market than what you suggest! And probably much less costly!
My solution has incentive to get in the med biz. ACA is driving health care workers out. I know of many going to all-cash, no ACA/Medicare
Where the fuck are you getting that from? ACA has increased employment and specialization in the healthcare industry!
How does someone who is not on Obamacare speak for me?  Listen to the folks in Hollyweird.  You see how relevant  they are.
I assume you're talking about Medicaid expansion or the individual market? Otherwise everyone is on Obamacare (ACA) you hillbilly!
Also, your man is from Hollywood! You dumbos thought he was smart because he was on a TV show and never articulated a policy of substance.
US Senator quotes low wattage late night comedian to justify staying with disastrous Obamacare. #Credibility
Why is it disastrous? More people have coverage and it's affordable for people who can't afford it! That's the point!
Those of us who don't qualify for Obama Care don't have that.
we don’t want our dysfunctional government involved in healthcare.
You're quoting an economically illiterate comedian, ffs.
We want single payer healthcare #UniversalHealthCare for all! It’s a right not a privilege
You have no "right" to anything you don't work for
It was affordable once for most of us...not so much now.  If it's so great, JS, why are you exempted?
Kimmel can kiss my ass
i dare jimmy to have a reasonable discussion with ben shapiro on his show dare him to be intellectualy honest &have discussion
Obamacare has not one section dealing with health care. There is no affordable health care in that bill. The dung pile is coverage only.
Read it again. LoL. Minimum coverage and mandatory preventive care save consumers millions.
It's still coverage and not mandatory.
We can’t know that yet
Thomas Jefferson -  "Congress has not unlimited powers to provide for the general welfare, but only those specifically enumerated."
Youre speaking in tongues
He's also threatened violence against someone who disagreed with him.

Maybe pull your head out and not support this kind of nutbaggery.
But has Pauly Shore given his opinion on it yet?
Anyone who thinks the government cares about them and will look after their best interests are fools.
Don't like Obamacare? Don't want repeal? You definitely won't like single payer Government payed healthcare! Taxed much?
You want a plan that helps ALL not #ObamaCAID or even #GrahamCassidy - well try #AHA - #SinglePool NOT #SinglePayer
One of the most thought out responses I've seen to date!
Kimmel in touch with average people probably not. He can afford his own healthcare. Bet he isn't going through the exchange
Now we're letting RICH TV PERSONALITIES tell us what to do?  I thought you people hated that because of that Apprentice guy...yeah Trump.
Your key word is affordable.  I'd agree with you if my insurance was AFFORDABLE instead of $1,100 a month.  Cant dump it fast enough.
Nice try Jeanne.
*Devastating repeal* or sending power to the states? I’d rather my state have a more active role than the morons of D.C.
We'll it sure isn't Obamacare!
Well we don't have that now........and wasn't ACA supposed to provide that?
It is not affordable @SenatorShaheen!
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
As an example of abject stupidity?
Kimmel should stick to comedy and stop pushing Democrats agenda.
We HAD it b4 you and Zerobama destroyed it
So why does he support Obamacare?
Americans "want quality" healthcare that the Senate saw fit to exempt themselves from.
Geez @SenatorShaheen, I thought you already gave us quality affordable healthcare with Obamacare. What Happened?
Only an ignorant Late night talk show host &  Dem Senator would think Sky high insurance = healthcare.  Dems think 8k$ deductable is good
why is it ok for the government to force you to get insurance under the threat of being fined?
New Democratic Party Leader Threatens Fox Host With Violence http://bit.ly/2yrUVa5 
you only pay 28% of your annual healthcare premiums - end the unconstitutional Congressional subsidies, NOW
To whom exactly is the mess called Obamacare affordable Senator? Senators perhaps?
How bout we get the health care you and your colleagues get? Ya, didn't think so. We're not that special.
These senators quoting late night show hosts is laughable. You guys don't care abt Obamacare bc you guys don't have it.  You have the best
Well, keeping the mandates isn't going to help. When the establishment forces us to buy healthcare, insurance companies can charge millions.
Thats as good as his Girls on Trampolines, segments, apparently you missed those episodes.  They were fantastic!
US life expectancy has gone down for the first time in decades since ACA inaccessible. Opioid crisis got worse in Medicaid exp states
"Enacted" not "inaccessible "
Mistake is you think ppl gonna get same care for free. Single payer = Misery
Quoting a guy who had girls jumping on trampolines...
While I respect the passion of Mr. Kimmel, I generally don’t take advice from celebrities.  Neither should you be doing so Senator Shaheen.
"And now, girls jumping on trampolines!"
Jimmy is always going on about his Obama care. Why doesn't he but his own insurance? Surely he can afford it.
Thanks @SenatorShaheen for looking out for us Granite Staters!!!!
Keep fighting the good fight!!!!
What we have now is not even close to affordable and our care is worse, but it doesn't fit your narrative.
ACA is a poor system. It was before Trump got elected and it is now. Blind opposition is not helpful
What are you, stupid?ObamaCare is unaffordable.  Only free market can drive down costs and allocate resources efficiently. @JimmyKimmelLive
So, now we need to take advice from a rich TV personality? Not all of us think the elitist pigs like you are to be listened to
Yup. It's just that our healthcare costs have increased 30+% every year. Thanks for that
Hey Senator...how long have you been using O-care? Oh, that's right...you're exempt!
Now we're getting health care solutions from Hollywood hacks!!!!!!! this Nation is in serious trouble.
Sen shaheen will just blame it on the Russians. Its the russians its the russians, I told you they were bad. 
Of course you a democrat listing to Hollywood not Americans
FyI Ms Shaheen nobody voted 4 Jimmy Kimmel & if u are answering 2him you need 2resign his rheteric is just that how about u fulfil ur pledge
And Jimmy is a phony. If this bill was presented by Obama, he'd be praising it.
The only people who don't support the change aren't paying premiums.
Americans want government out of healthcare!  My rates doubled after Obamacare was passed.
Are all Democrat U.S. Senators really this stupid? Kimmel is wrong. You are wrong.
Had affordable care, don't think I can afford much.more affordable care...
Your correct. Not Shaheen obstructionism.
He was even more correct when he provided us with #GirlsOnTrampolines ... Let's get priorities right please.
PLUS his girls jumping on trampolines segments were always tasteful and beautifully filmed
Wonder what insurance Jimmy has...like he needs it to begin with.
You are certainly not referring to Obamacare which is none of the above
I missed your statement when he exploited large breasted women jumping on trampolines.
You foisted upon the American public a disasterous and failing Obamacare scheme built on lies which is neither quality or affordable
Yo senator, have any idea how bonzo the chimp feels about healthcare. Or dr Ruth? How about Reggie Jackson? Got a mind of your own. Do ya???
Jimmy is a comedian. Not an expert in healthcare issues. Wait. Most of Congress is a comedy act.  Maybe that does qualifies Jimmy.
News flash, senator: AMERICANS DON'T WANT OBAMACARE. YOU PEOPLE SHOVED IT DOWN OUR THROATS & UP OUR BUTTS
"Americans (had) quality affordable healthcare..." before obamacare made healthcare unaffordable for millions of hardworking Americans.
Obamacare isn't quality nor affordable
Obamacare did not provide affordable healthcare it caused premiums to jump 185% in 3 years. And to cause deductibles to increase by 9X.
Haha, they vote for a guy who bragged about grabbing women by the pussy & they clutch pearls over girls jumping on trampolines. #hypocrites
Y'all cant even fix the friggin VA, there is no way y'all can run health care in this country. Get the Feds outta health care
They're trying to fix the VA got rid of a lot of people and are listening to the people I had Senator Shaheen's office call me about concern
they have been "trying" for yrs. Was you concern addressed or did they just want to know about it?
They've had a lot of the same complaints so they are addressing the issue
They dont seem to be trying hard enough. Choice program is crap, Vets still getting shitty treatment.
This is still an ongoing investigation as well so all I can say is we need to be patient no pun intended
that is one issue, how about the other ones that have been known about for yrs. still havent gotten fixed
No you are right there is a lot to fix.
Obama care is a joke, it is not working and everyone knows it, it should be repealed immediately.
Stop lying Senator Shaheen. I think 5000+ illegal votes in NH is the only reason you won. Maggie Hassan would of been better! 
Does your plan call for girls jumping on trampolines? Asking for a friend. #Play60

Totally missing the point.
Well someone is.
Most alpha males, especially rich ones that are aholes, talk like that. So yeah,  you're missing the point entirely.
Jimmy also like Girls jumping on trampolines.. so what's your point?
Where was your concern for 'quality affordable healthcare' when you were passing Obamacare behind closed doors? Don't whine u created it.
How long did it take to pass Obamacare? How many amendments were added by Republicans?
None. Obamacare is 100% democrat. Nice try.
Reason 876 why Democrats have lost touch and power.Thinking anyone cares what a comedian thinks about something this important #LiberalLogic
My dear sainted mother used to say "You can want in one hand and sh*t in the other and see which one gets full first."
This is why the Hollywood elite think they know better than the everyday TAXPAYING AMERICANS. Even an elected official seems to think so. 
@JimmyKimmelLive is clueless. Most Americans want govt OUT of their health care. They can't even take care of the VA!
You used a late night comedian to support your position? Really?
Lie of the year
Correct Senator! This is why #Obamacare must go so we can again have affordable and efficient health care again.
REMEMBER KEEP YOUR PLAN, KEEP YOU DOCTOR
And obamaACA was what , skyrocketing premiums, fines for not buying , higher deductibles, all to subsidise, those we been paying for already
How is obama care affordable?
ffs jimmy kimmel is a policy expert ? jimmy, when u were putting women jumping on trampolines on the Man Show, did u think ud get this far?
Are you delusional , Russians, Charlotteville, and DACA folks protesting Pelosi, Russians behind it, tin foil hat
A Democrat Senator said Russia was to blame for the illegal immigrants protesting Nancy Pelosi on Monday.

You can't make this stuff up.  
We do want affordable healthcare which you didn't give us!! We don't want what you have to offer. Get it??
$2100/mo for husband & spouse and $3125/indiv deduc IS NOT AFFORDABLE.
#LetStinking0CareDie
Why does the left always idolize comedians?
Kümmel has no clue what an average American thinks. Go back and watch Emmy reruns that's his world
Yeah cuz Kimmel is a HC expert. 

All he does is repeat DNC talking points. He's a Propagandist and nothing more.
Hey whatever comedians say is usually the best route to go.  Let's check in with Carrot Top before moving ahead though.
You Democrats gave us the devastating Obama care and you have the guts and nerve to say that!
Do you have obamacare you frauds???
So, now you're taking advice from a comedian? Sounds about right, for a Democrat.
Obamacare is bankrupting me. Repeal that CRAP.
How does this relate to #Obamacare? - it is not affordable. Deductibles and premiums skyrocketed & we did not get to keep plans we liked

The alternative is the unaffordable garbage that is Obamacare. Or Single payer nightmarecare from you all.
Actually, I think most Americans (US) want government out of healthcare!
Why isn't Congress on the failed obabacare?  Ser how you feel paying 10,000 premium and $6500 deductibles. Insurance you can't afford to use
Jimmy Kimmel is your source for deciding something this important? Fabulous.
Lord help us
Its funny how so many forget what your party jammed down the throat of this country
But they're not getting that right now under Obamacare, Senator. So what's your alternative?
@jimmykimmel rose to fame by doing things like convincing parents to film child reactions to Halloween candy being gone. Why quote him?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/20/jimmy-kimmel-bill-cassidy-obamacare-repeal-242932 …
Pathetic, ignorant seeking attention .. we have an ignorant Senator taking healthcare advice from this late night joke ! #EXPELSHAHEEN
Yes, Americans want quality affordable healthcare & won't get it thru single payer or govt micromanagement, restriction of markets
Jeannie baby, did jimmy give healthcare to the girls who appeared on the girls jumping on trampolines segment?
And you signed on to single payer!  What sort of hypocritical idiocy is that?
Americans want elected leaders to be covered by obamacare, first.

Lead by example
Get the Government out of the healthcare business!!!
lol if it was entirely up to the free market healthcare would be even more ridiculously priced. Try again do not pass go.
Well Senator, does Obamacare pass the Jimmy Kimmel test?
I hope you hire Jimmy Kimmel the next time you need a campaign strategist.
Why don't you read what economist Milton Friedman says about things like this instead of a guy with a mediocre-at-best TV show? #LWNJ
LMFAO. Look who is president, hypocrite.
You quote a late night comedian on policy and you think you should be taken seriously?  Go back to bed.
How else will obese, alcoholic, chain smokers pay for their habits if I'm not paying for their medical care?
And Obamacare provides us with neither.
Omg , obamacare is blowing up. Sorry ppl u CANT keep it! Too many insurance companies have pulled out. Some states OCare cards useless
They are blaming Trump for the Obamacare disaster. Really.... Totally unhinged
liberals screw the disabled with obamacare
And you think ACA is Quality affordable healthcare? Democrats are tone deaf to the pain OC is causing.
Until you get sick.
Because Kimmel isn't really a comedian he's an undercover healthcare consultant for the Government. Brilliant post Senator. #mentalhealth
THANK YOU!!!!!
Neither you or @jimmykimmel represent all Americans. If you did you wouldnt have allowed Obamacare to hurt millions. Stay out of healthcare.
Americans ARE right
AND want to be informed.
We DON'T want US Senators curbing any individual's right to watch foreign news.
So don't BAN IT
You want to base your constituents health insurance on something a comedian/talk show host advocates for???
My God you people are insane.
Just because Jimmy Kimmel advocates for it doesn't mean it's wrong.  #GrahamCassidy would take away health care from millions of Veterans.
Oh really, do tell?

1)Not all Vets are eligible for VA services. 2)Medicaid expansion stole $ away from those it was designed for and gave it to others. Cont.
3)The VA system is broken, yet some want to turn the entire Healthcare system into it.
Fix the VA for better care for Vets. Cont.
4)Remember this as many are confusing the two - Health Insurance is NOT Healthcare.
Cont.
5)If you want a better Health Insurance system;
Free market reforms
Tort reform 
Cross state line purchases
Get the Fed Gov out of HC.
Now we/you are supposed to listen to Kimmel you represent NH not Hollywood
u and Hassan taking ur info from guy who brought us Juggies & Girls Jumping on Trampolines is funny. Neither of u have an original thought.
He pointed out the lies from Cassidy. Look up what the bill involves. It's terrible.
I still find it funny that our NH elected officials get their info from Hollyweird. Waiting to hear their proposals to make my life better
Was a time when that wouldn't happen. Since we've had actors as presidents, who knows where we go next.
No she is taking advice from Kimmel.....
New Hampshire vote this idiot out shes forgoing the  American people for a so called comedian#MAGA another Grandstander
You are a lost cause! People want to MAGA with President Trump!
Yes because Obamacare was so great, I was cancelled twice and had increases of over 50% in premiums!
Cannot re-tweet this enough!
I trust you, Senator, will vote for us and not for GrahamCassidy
