Will this work in Australia my cousin is honeymooning in Vegas and no one has heard from her or her husband?
Just heard from her she's safe thank you 
So glad to hear they are safe...
Thank you so much :) I hope everyone in Vegas is okay my heart breaks for them 
I know awful
Smfh....
what is he saying?
Please be aware - video clip going around that a woman told the front row of the concert that they were going to die & security took her out
Here it is:
Terrifying. 

Woman celebrating 21st birthday was in front row. Says another woman came during show & told everyone…
So terrible, all this... also terrible that reporter question, "How does this make you feel?" Holy crap, what does she THINK she's feeling?
That’s a reporters job dude
A reporters job is not just to ask questions... or THAT cliche of a question... it's to ask smart questions. And that isn't one.
Even if it’s an obvious answer they have to ask the question so they can put something down on paper. You can’t quote assumptions
Again, the problem here is that the question is a lame fallback cliche. Saying, “But dude, reporters need to fill space/time” doesn’t excuse the stupidity. It just reinforces it. The reporter’s job, I repeat, is to ask GOOD questions. Our job, by the way, is to demand that.
Plz.This number doesn't work.I'm looking for my Mom. If anyone's seen her plz call 5853541086. She's 56, 5.4ft.She doesn't speak English.thx
I wish your closed ones would never lost contact with you in a country where they visit for the first time and don't speak their language,
This is for concert victims so your in the wrong place. Take your problems elsewhere
1.this number didn't even work.If someone picked up my call and told me it was for victims who had a concert ticket only I won't bother then
2.it's not the only method I tried.I believe people'd do all they could to find their parent.I don't think I deserve to be called an asshole
Sorry typo it was supposed to be plural.. Wasn't necessarly calling you one. Either way good luck in your search
peoples of Pakistan stand wth the victims.. nobody deserve to lose loved one
Prayers for America ..
Thank you so much. God bless you, Pakistan.
Unreal, this has to happen as the world is going through its own pain #sad
I am sure the guy was a liberal only liberals do these things fricken mental people the devil’s work
He voted trump only republicans conduct mass shootings and that is a fact sir
Don't say crap like this. This is a time for sympathy not more nonsense
Truth


Is it bad that I started to laugh from dat pic?
I hope not cuz I laughed as well but you're not laughing at the victims you're laughing at the pic
Ya but it was cuz his son was a dumbass and ran away
Domestic terrorism. End NRA. Abolish 2A now. Guns are for law enforcement only
Yes Because criminals are so good at following the law you're just basically saying that citizens shouldn't be able to defend themselves
Officers who went to the room to take on the full auto equipped shooter:  heroes and much appreciated.
My God, this is unbelievable, my heart 
Guaranteed the guy was a left wing nut... the right does not murder
Are we sure this number works?!?!  I have tried several times and its not going through!!
.@LVMPD Proporciona este número para personas en busca de sus seres queridos: 1-866-535-5654.
Muchas gracias a mi amiga por publicar esto en español.
Thanks to the Vegas Police for their heroic efforts and quickness! Prayers!
I'm from Brazil and i'm worried about someone who was there. Still haven't heard from him since the incident.
Did they go to the concert
@sydnipowell hopefully this can help!
Thank you!!
Let me know if you need anything!
@LVMP thank you guys. I was worried about my brother, glad he's safe. Turns out he lost his phone when it happen. thank god he's okay.
Did he go to the concert
We both did but lucky we didn't get injured. Where both safe now.
Good thing.. Crazy times

You guys are awesome.  You put your lives on the line to protect those folks. Even off-duties were helping others.  God bless you all.
It’s okay. The @gop politicians are sending “thoughts and prayers.”
LOL
The number isn’t working...can you offer anything else? It’s been 6 hours since this happened and we can’t locate my uncle.
Thank God we found him safe-we were frantic. VT was awful-this is worse if that's possible. We are grateful but so heartbroken.
Continued prayers for everyone 
My warmest condolences to the victims families .
#la
Nevada thanks you. God bless you.
Man this is a  heartbreaking crime, every human lives does matter, no matter who they are or what they worship.
Here is more info.
@TaylorNicoleC
Thank you 
When will list of victims be released to public?
Likey after victims have been identified AND their family has been notified.
CAN YOU PLEASE DELETE THIS TWEET SINCE THE NUMBER CHANGED!?!?!
Finally rec'd call from daughter she was safe (10am est) before could get through to # Prayers for families of those who weren't as lucky
God bless you, #LVMPD. True Heroes All.
Prayers from Germany to all the people who are affected by this #prayforvegas
This is absolutely heartbreaking! Praying for your city, and your first responders, ESPECIALLY the dispatcher(s).
Lillie you don't miss anything that's important to us ...biggest  in Texas ...@AmericanHotLips @SparkleSoup45 @Rebeccasarver14 @USAloveGOD
I try buddy! Texans have big hearts! We love people!
yeah, yeah, yeah ...but yer one of my favorites & been following my Cajun Texan for awhile now ...yer somethin' very special ...believe me 
Thank you Paul. I'm just me. I was raised to respect my fellow man. I'm embarrassed now.

Deepest sympathies
@TushyyWushyy
I’m sending this to my family right now. Thank you James
Not sure if this helps but somone saw this post
No it doesn't. Keep the fake pages out of a terrorist investigation.
Please remember to thank those concert goers that took care of the wounded & helped others escape.
You guys are hero's never forget that.
Thank you. I have been looking all over for a number.
KAREEM ALI
Praying for the victims and their families
I will like to share this with you Connie Araiza
There is a wounded numbness in my heart , man's inhumanity to man 
must stop.Pls.!⚘
So heartbreaking my prayers go out to all the victims their families friends I hope that each and everyone of you find your love one safe
Thanks!
My thoughts, love and I will be giving blood today, is with #LVMPD
Prayers for all
Looking for Patrycja Chojecka and Kamil Stengert ... both from Poland on trip in U.S.

Found alive and in one piece!
Listen to jaron - The Road by realshit365 #np on #SoundCloud
Respect, I like that I could feel your effort in the track & theirs a message being presented. Keep working & DM me if you feel stuck.
Please tweet us with what vegas needs. Anything. Prayers fall short. What can we do?
Nice
Thoughts and prayers aloha and blessings #cchnl
Please retweet
I hope @LVMPD is trying to find this woman that was just escorted out
@R6Rider here is the number to call!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims and their families of the mass shooting in Las Vegas.
This number is disconnected
It's just very backed up try again just be patient with it you'll get through eventually 
Thanks for providing this help. Bless you!
you should delete this tweet if the number doesn't work. Worried families do not need misinformation right now.
All my love to all that were hurt or killed in Las Vegas
so much tragedy has happened in the last few months, this is terrible
i hope all of the people were in the shooting tragedy are doing fine today ♡ send my love for them
In our prayers
Thank you all and May God bless every one if you.

#IStandWithVegas
Houston prays for you vegas
@richard_razo
Omg   I'm so upset  that his happened
Oh my heart!!..
#GodBless
 Vegas
thank you all for showing so much love for our town, and this times when we're truly hurting..#maygod be with all the hurt victims!
Prayer for Vegas
Agreed
We're looking for our friend Denise Cohen from Santa Barbara and her boyfriend Bo Taylor from Oxnard, California.
@PollsnOpinions
Keep up the good work guys 
My  Prayers for all them #Las Vegas
Prayers for all involved however pple kill pple not guns. If this man came in your home would you want a gun or wait for cops?
You need more than one phone line , folks are having a hard time getting through, it's always busy .
That phone number is going to an inactive  conference site.  HLN has been running all day.  Can someone get it changed?
This is heartbreaking

Salut
designing business card,
please Contact :
Its been 6 hours im trying i cant reach out to my bro im in india and he was supposed to go to that concert. How can i reach him from here?
Thoughts and prayers!
Awful!! Just awful!!
It’s always busy!!!!
Thank you for your help and good work. Very proud. God bless you!
Thank you for all you’re doing for those hurt and all victims’ families.
My heart goes out to everyone involved. I wish I could do more than this.
THANK YOU FOR POSTING THIS! LOVE FROM LOS ANGELES <3

@imeltedthesun ????
It's not working.
@kinggkodaa
Just heard about this n asking to bless  everyone  so sad. But God is able
God can you imagine waking up this morning and not being able to get a hold of a loved one.....and your sitting there not knowing, God Bless

 CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 

@DarrellIssa is unfazed by the death of 50 people.  

…
@saraadianee
Thank you! Called it a few times & It was busy. But then he finally called & said he’s okay. Phone services aren’t working well there.
Good to hear
Police unions supported Trump and @GOP who are owned by the Gun manufacturers. Keep this in mind about law enforcement. They support guns.
Praying for everyone. 

@kobebryant @LVMPD  Ethiopya
Can't get thru....just goes to a recording. 
Jonathan Good
.
Dean Ambrose
.
Can't get through on phone, looking for these two
Lines are all busy, which is expected of course. Will keep calling
These are trying times we live in. Let's come together and lend our strength to those who need it most.  #prayforvegas #PuertoRicoStrong
Prayers to everyone that was in the midst of this horrifying event. Prayers to the families, friends, loved one that are going through this.
TRUMP'S JINX 1001. So many disasters - natural / man initiated terrorizes / massacres. NFL QUANDRY. His own staff "FIRED" weekly MORE later
"@LVMPD: For families looking to locate missing loved ones,  please call 1-866-535-5654."
My dad hasnt been home in almost 20 years... said he was gonna get milk. @SteezeLongsocks came over with some milk though 
I hope their loved ones are found soon during this senseless tragedy.
Where can we send pizza? Thank u all for your amazing work and those of other first responders.
@DaffodilFlores are you ok?!
thank you LVMPD officers for locating, facing, and eliminating pure terror. thank you for your service & bravery
Thoughts, prayers and sympathies to all in Vegas
For families only? Don't want to jam up phone lines but no one has been able to reach one of my boyfriend's good friends who was there!
for a good time call 1-877-MMM-HMMM.
Switchboard number is 1-702-828-3394. You might also try email. pio@lvmpd.com
Can Hooters evacuate yet?
Be wary of posts on Twitter claiming that they are looking for someone, some of those are 4chan trolls.
Can we please be informed on any Kuwaiti national among the victims or the injured??
Number of Americans killed on battlefields in all wars in history:

1,396,733

Killed by firearms in the US since 1968:

1,516,863

(NYT)
This number isn't working. I need help finding my best friend. Her family hasn't heard from her. She is mother!!!! Someone please help.
From @LVMPD: This number has been changed to 1-800-536-9488
@MrsWright_forU
Text me right now please
I prefer 1-800-273-8255 @alltoogrxdi
I just called to check up on my mom and brother who both live in Vegas. I'm so glad they are safe, and my condolences to the victims and fam
@LVMPD your number does not work from france !!!
your number does not work from france !!!
As I told @KayaJones my good friend (and BTW ex-wife, a huge Country Music fan) isn't picking up but as I always say, God's got this.
I can take all those empty beer bottles to the curb now and go to sleep. Sweet Dreams.
@BobSMueller  YOU PERFECT ASS, YOU KNOW C.P.S. IS KIDNAPPING OUR CHILDREN! YOU ARE PART OF THE CABAL.
Are we sticking with the shooting story or is it going to change again
Ö
You guys rock
Thank you for the incredible work you are doing for our community.
Thanks for your service!  You guys are hero's.
DELETE THIS PLEASE. IT'S THE WRONG NUMBER.
As long as this tweet remains in your feed any retweets out there are giving misinformation
please delete this so that everyone can only find the active number.

Our thoughts and prayers go out to all the victims and their families of the mass shooting in Las Vegas.
May God comfort all that have been directly or indirectly affected by such a horrendous tragedy. United We Win. May God Bless The USA. 
thanks God will punish these terrorists
Cant use this number in England is there another number
May those whose lives were lost today may they rest in peace and know that the suffering is over remember God does not like ugly
My condolenseces
@FreeWhiteMale #bluelivesmatter thank you!
Great.  Because  There. People. Unaccounted For So Thank. God. They. Have. This Line  Pray For. Vegas. And. People. Find. They. Loved. Ones
With Presidency Of Evil -@POTUS @VP-, the MASS attack on #USA ! @SenateGOP @SenateDems @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @GOP @TheDemocrats @un
2nd shooter, 4th floor???
I send my Prayers to all the people who are missing their loved ones in this terrible massacre.
Jesus
I saw this after watching #StrangerThings lmao
My sister Mary miranda is missing we know she went to concert with her bf
I deeply saddened after heard of brutal attacks in music night at lasvegas,
Thank You Mike
BreakingNews: Vegas Shooter was hired by @ClintonFdn . @HillaryClinton will blame @POTUS & @NRA ! @TeamTrump
SABBATH-IS-RESURRECTIONDAY ! https://enthuellung.jimdo.com/sabbath-is-resurrectionday …
@shafrank529 Sir and madam: Here is a new video. Appears there was also gun muzzle flashes on 4th floor... https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1767202740246668&id=100008708761024 …
Love from Brazil 
My prayers are with you all
Fake news
My thoughts and prayers goes out to the victims and their families
