That's your opinion. They do a lot more than you think
Higher death rates. They also provide a lot of healthcare for people who cannot afford it   It's not as simple as you think
Health care. People shouldn't die from treatable diseases people shouldn't die because their prescriptions are $383838
We’d like to see the scene where babies celebrate their first birthdays because PP didn’t decapitate them in the womb.
You say this yet oppose birth control and restrict women's access to health care services. It is idiotic and small minded.
U can go to a free clinic and get health care so that old story is gone.
They are not widely accessible especially in rural areas.
There are so many things wrong with your comment.  Honestly it's seriously cringe worthy.
"Cringe worthy"? Are you a 12 yo girl?
I was simply taking into account to whom I was speaking and adjusting my vocabulary accordingly.
#2A on your twitter bio tells me everything I need to know... SAD!
Sure let's keep supporting a company that is all about killing unborn children. Think Joss. If you killem they can't pay to see movies
It's actually 3-12% about that. The rest is contraception, STI screening, cancer prevention… Pro-Life in the best sense of the word.
Then, they should have no problem with eliminating their abortion services to keep taxpayer money flowing into their coffers?
"Conform to our morals or stop providing the only lifesaving treatment many young women can afford"? Who's got the moral high ground here?
Abortion is not lifesaving.  Read the actual stats on that lie.
Also, there is always a life that is taken in an abortion. Most take place by the thirteenth week gestation, like in the picture below.
I don't care what a fetus looks like, I care about whether he or she has a consciousness - and that comes later.
Well, that tells me every single thing I need (or don't need) to know about the character of a pro abortion person.  They don't care.
Why are theY called "Planned Parenthood" when their mission is to kill the unborn and make the women unparentworthy? #MAGA
Also, for you braying ignoramuses out there, this is from a Catholic Nun:

http://images.dailykos.com/images/262083/large/12047090_1004970076215108_6286412291888440921_n.jpg?1465614780 …
Ok, now find a nun loyal to the Catholic church.
My 1 response to ur BS-Nuns who have an opinion & a viewpoint are disloyal? They're just servants who have no autonomy? Think about that.
Joss please don't make me not like you. You're pimping 4 an org founded by a racist 2 destroy the black race.
It's so sick they advertise like a hospital when they are merely baby choppers.
Planned Parenthood can stay what needs to stop is tax $$$ funding! #StopPPFunding
Irresponsible men and faux feminists usually do support Planned Parenthood
Killing unborn babies is not ok.
My wife was a teenage mother. Her son is 30 years old. Nothing more to say.
They didn't always kill unborn babies but, when they do, they R happy to sell dead baby parts because they could! #MAGA
Extolling the virtues of your favorite eugenicist, Margaret Sanger ?
One that doesn’t murder children before they’re born because of a false notion of ‘convenience.’ #DefundPP
One where women don't have to secretly seek info on their bodies, help with female cancers, having families w/out ignorant zealots blocking
Ugh, pretty sure PP KEEPS women from having families.  That's sort of their deal.
Planned Parenthood is a fucking slaughterhouse.
2 bad PP wasn't around when u were hatched! If u want to support killing babies, put up ur own money, not mine and many more who oppose
Your tax payer dollars pay for wars too bro..or are you no longer pro life if its not an american child on the line?
Bro, the soldier is part of an all volunteer army, his choice. the unborn child has no CHOICE, BRO!!
This is our favorite part:
Yep. You won't be happy until every woman in America is pregnant and in the kitchen. Just like the good old days.
No, we'd just prefer innocent little babies not having their limbs ripped apart and brains sucked out.  Tomato, tamato....
Why not show video of what they really do. Abortion is a nasty business don't you think?
Yes because murdering babies for someone's convenience is definitely something to celebrate.
If I threw a bunch of pin prick sized cells and a 6 week old healthy, planned baby at you - which would you catch?
Aw yes the brainchild of eugenicist Sanger. Denying human rights to those who are weaker - the progressive model for over a 100 years
Cryin' over here. I know which world I want!!! #StandWithPP
A world with less people, more cancer, more infertility?

This really is the #MeFirstGeneration
Planned parenthood does cancer screenings, treats infertility causing disorders, and we're WAY overpopulated.
Planned Parenthood was where I heard my daughter's heartbeat for the first time.
Was that before they stuck a scissors in the head of the next baby?
For the congenitally addled trolls...Truth about Federal funding:
Then it aborts late term pregnancies and cuts up babies and sells them to highest bidder..sure we know what happens! #MAGA
Choose not to have sex until you are willing except the responsibilities of getting pregnant and a baby.
And when a person chooses to have sex, they should choose to not have an abortion. If they choose to, not on my dime.
Who pays for the abortion at PP? What does it cost? Is it cost effective because the gov. funds the other things they service?
So in your fantasy world, hospitals, walk-in clinics, and the public health department don't exist? Only Planned Parenthood, apparently.
You miss the point. But then, your fantasy world is immaculate conception. Your world equates a zygote with a mother of 5.
That mother of 5 is the exact same human she was when she was a zygote.
Your lack of science is showing not just your ignorance of religion
Um, no. She didn't have consciousness as a zygote. Your lack of scientific knowledge is showing.
So people who are brain dead but still alive are not real humans? Oh the stupidity here
Yes, your comment is stupid. A zygote doesnt have consciousness, whereas a braindead person once did.
Flawed logic buddy. You are comparing what one has now to what one uses to have. You have no consistency there.
The circumstances have changed. To ignore that when evaluating is utterly moronic.
Bless you Joss... simply for being HUMAN. 
That's a false narrative and all the usual players are involved.PP IS ALL ABOUT THE BABY EXTERMINATION.facts or feelings..one doesn't care
Women's health should be decided by WOMEN and their physicians ONLY. 
POLITICIANS STAY OUT OF IT.
100 yrs ago - Planned Parenthood was created to commit genocide of the negro population.
Excellent.
Powerful short film by @joss highlighting the vital role @PPact plays in supporting Women's health. http://youtu.be/3vTG4lUl1PU  TY #StandWithPP
ever been to one?!!! or known someone who has?
Even PP denied they provide any of these so-called women's healthcare services, josh. But we do know how they've torn apart babies.
Powerful video
Planned Parenthood fighting for  "a better race" by eliminating the "degenerate and defective" for 100 years. http://www.nyu.edu/projects/sanger/webedition/app/documents/show.php?sangerDoc=306638.xml … #evil
They don't have a #savethedate
Still want one without abortion. That's offensive to say mother's can't go to college. & the mother's response was the problem, not the baby
Joss can you make a video about abstinence for kids, and taking responsibility for your actions, like not having willy nilly sex.
Thank you for this moving film that hopefully will help educate people on what Planned Parenthood really does.
You forgot to mention all single moms who graduated
You mean here's to the further decimation of black communities. Thanks for the Avengers but stick to the fantasy world bruh
To bad your mom didn't use their service. Why isn't a woman or a minority directing batgirl? #sexism #racism
Let's just call this BS what it is, racism. It's all about killing minorities.
Very sad that people think it's ok to murder your baby, just because it's inconvenient. Govt should not fund business especially #PP
Founded by a racists. So you support racism?
Hi Joss  Please give us any words about your experience with Zack and JL. Pls......
Joss your for abortions yet your own mother didn't abort you.. how ironic.. Your mother is smarter than you!!
That is awesome you are doing your homework on the history of the organization that was created to implement genocide of those less than
I Stand For The Children That Can't Stand For There Self. The Unborn  Baby's That Are Killed Every Day In America.Stop The Killing.
PP was founded with the purpose of genociding the black community. This is their aim.
A video by a man who celebrated his Mom's death... an example for all the women's rights activists, no doubt.
https://www.facebook.com/OfficialLizWheeler/videos/1356774744388037/ …
Best of luck directing rest of Justice League
Does good in rural areas. If you aren't protecting kickbacks separate the departments.
Planned Parenthood only does ultrasounds for abortions, not prenatal care
One of the many things We The People are most proud of: finally snatching our babies out of the hands of butchers.
Opened to kill black and poor babies.  Still going strong.   Yyaaaaaaa PP.   all dems should burn for eternity for this insane massacre.
There never used to be a need for a Pro-Life movement until there was a pro-death cult taking over the minds of normal people.
Best response ever.
Tell me again how the prenatal care part works? That is always confusing to me.
you and Margaret Sanger have so much in common, racist eugenicists. You should form a club or something.
I WILL NEVER NEVER STAND WITH PLANNED PARENTHOOD. They are butchering babies in the womb. #standforlife. #DefundPPnow
+Past abortions were carried out by teens or unskilled ppl. Babies &young girls died. Mom's fought for PP cause their daughter's were dying.
Besides hist of abortions PP, as previously stated, does so much more than abortions. Outstanding for W, young girls, and teens health care.
this is what planned parenthood meant to me growing up. thank you for this!

Joss I love and respect your talent but you are so far off the mark on this particular issue
Why is it dire that the "privileged" white woman is going to lose here scholarship?
FACT from the men's point of view:
Abortions are all about using men as dildos, ...dildos that women refuse to insist, use a condom.
The quick film "Unlocked" fails to show the barbaric nature of baby-killing death by chemical dismemberment.  324,000 murders in 2016 alone:
Planned Parenthood's founder on Blacks, Part II:
Planned Parenthood's founder on Blacks, Part I:
We just want to be left alone. Respect independence of the individual. That includes babies.
Brown coats are conservative/libertarians of today. Fighting the control of the alliance. How is it you don't see this?
Wish you would be a brown coat.
You are on the wrong side of this issue. If 100 years of something means anything, then why is tobacco companies not hailed to be great?
I wish I could convince you the fatal flaw of your thinking here. I would hope you consider the origins of Margret Sanger and eugenics.
No one can choose who will be the next Einstein, Socrates, Newton. We are only given so many of these thinkers and economic origins is moot
Joss, life is precious. Great people have existed that came from nowhere, with nothing, and with an intellect that has changed the world.
The right to choose ends with conception. Sorry you don't see this. It's sad that you don't. I'm not even evoking a religious precept
I support individual choice, but that has boundaries, where your decisions effect others. A baby is not a glop of cells, it has unique DNA
When I was a teen living in poverty, PP gave me my 1st exam, taught me about screenings & birth control. I didn't NEED an abortion tks to PP
Sobbing like a baby why do republicans ruin everything?
Sad. It's just sad. I enjoyed your work. But if you think people like me will continue purchasing your product, your are mistaken.
Planned parenthood is a baby killing machine worse than the Nazi's, and do it as if it's a favor for the women they supposedly serve
Before buying into planned parenthood bs, ask them how many mammograms they do each year? How many women they have provided prenatal care? 0
How is it you could be the author of firefly and not see how this is antithetical? This is an organization who is the Alliance. Idk @ u
So many things wrong w/ this video. From false premises, to disordered views of true womanhood, not 2 mention the missing part about murder
So powerful. Thank you.
Awwwwe....and they all live happily ever after, except of course the dead kids.
Amazing video! Thank you!!
#StandWithPP  NO  it is time to #DefundPP
Nothing says "I love you, Mom!" after it's been dismembered and flushed/pulled from your womb & the pieces have been illegally sold.
Thank you for this powerful message.
Your treatment of women is well known, @joss.
men cant control us, never could
Hey Joss.  Not all kids turn out to be like yours!
What a load of toss!  Thanks for making it super easy to never watch another load of crap you call entertainment.  Goebbels is impressed.
Done & done
I support taxpayer funded adoptions
YAY! 100 years of death and profits, from a place created by a a racist!
My youngest is here cause I had an ultrasound that showed me his beating heart. you stop beating heart of adult. What is it called? Murder!
And yes I've had personal experience! It's not a blob it's an actual baby! Not judging anyone a choice just stating fact. My youngest is 22
Iowa's closing down four clinics and they also cut more funding for mental health and domestic violence centers :(
Fighting for what? The great healthcare? Pay smears? Mammograms? Naw the murder of babies never something to brag about. They lie to women!
Abortions is all planned parenthood does a reporter called every state inquiring about women's health they don't do that just abortions
*sigh* guess I'm gonna have to pirate all your shit from now on.
Total shit.
all that will happen with or without the government funding margaret sanger's genocidal vision, "planned parenthood"
@PPact would have not helped with my Hysterectomy or the Fibroid Cysts along with blood transfusion

By the way, what's the address to return my #Browncoat?
#FunFactFriday They initially existed to sterilize the mentally ill and decrease the birthrate of blacks. But hey, you do you.
That's some evil propaganda right there.
Ok, so I'm fine with PP being funded, but why must it be funded with tax $?
Well done, Joss! #IStandWithPP
There are couples who want kids but biologically can't while you condone this black genocide. This is sacrifice at the altar of self. Shame
If I had a nickel for every #IStandWithPP tweet, i could probably privately fund #PlannedParenthood
A) @PPact provides less than half of abortions each year. Defunding them wouldn't matter
B) If it's such a small portion, why would defund..
...them matter? Shouldn't their other 'services provided' keep them in business (a profitable one, I might add)
C) My birth control costs...
...$3-$10, condoms can be purchased out of a quarter machine
D) Using teenagers to advance your cause? Disgusting. Also, I knew as a teen...
......that sex lead to pregnancy. Maybe teach them responsibility - especially if they're going to college and becoming 'independent'.
E)...
...My mom graduated with RN while pregnant with me. I've also had family use adoption services because killing a child wasn't an option.
Oh, and if abortions isn't one of their major services and their money maker, why are you using that life sucking service for a commercial?
I'd think you'd use 'all the many services provided' to bring in more customers and show off their many services. @PolitiBunny
You are naïve and ignorant my friend. #plannedparenthood may do "good" things but it has to so it can keep its killing machine funded.
You were a great director and storyteller. But youve developed some serious dues ex machina in this little fable.
Having a baby is the end of her life? Your telling women they arent strong enough to be mothers AND pursue their dreams.
Put plainly, promoting hormonal birth control is basically promoting unprotected sex.
There are 26,407 high schools in the nation 80% of the students who attend receive some form of sex education. Way more than PP provides.
While there are only 650 PP locations, there are over 13,540 health care centers that provide comprehensive health care for women.
Planned Parenthood’s market share in the nation’s mammograms is 0.0%. Meaning, no, they do not provide any mammograms… at all.
PP market share for clinical breast exams is 1.8%.
PP performed 363,803 clinical breast exams(these are not mammograms) in fiscal year 2014-15, out of 20mil nationwide.
PP performed 271,539 Pap tests in fiscal year 2014-15, out of 28.1 milliontests nationwide. That’s less than 1% of the nation’s Pap tests.
What you mean is 100 more years of killing our future? People like you are sick.
Wonderful propaganda film. Goebbels would be proud.
100 years of trying to exterminate the black population. What a legacy.
So you support this
Apparently, he does.  That very pregnant girl had to go to college! haha.
What you promote is comparable to throwing babies into fire by Aztecs? R U so blind u don't see this? Wake up B4 it is too late.
How about standing with all those unborn babies that PP has ensured will never gave birthdays! #comeonman
It would be nice if you at least looked at both sides of the argument. Here's hoping this doesn't backfire too.
Next Avengers, Dr. Banner works for PP. Becomes Hulk and rips out unborn babies.
For the love of god please stop with the politics. You're a complete moron at it. Stick with making feature films.
That's the only thing he's good at.
100 years of genocide.
Give me a break, Joss. Crisis pregnancy centers outnumber PP 11 to 1. You can quit with the melodramatic propaganda mill.
According to @PPFA records: PP kills one baby every 97 seconds - 890 babies/day - 324850 babies/year. Do you celebrate that, @joss
What a Brave new world
lynching blacks just like the kkk. A Democrat tradition
What garbage. Trying to put a flowery spin on murdering babies. Got it. That's the modern Democrat Party for you.
Can't wait for BATGIRL. Big fan! Will support your work regardless (3/2 - sorry)
The more we learn about fetal science, the more it becomes clear they are alive. It's cruel to take their lives through abortion. (2/2)
1) love your work 2) Disagree about PlannedParenthood. I think it's inhuman. Millions of innocents have had their lives ended by them. (1/2)
how about you and everyone else in Hollywood chip in to fund them rather than demanding that taxpayers do it?
Love this. Thank you!!!!!!  #StandWithPP
If you are so concerned with PP's ability to slaughter children fund them with charitable donations.
Thanks Joss! @ 18,on my own, & got birth control. Had a steady boyfriend. At 24, different guy, started a family. On my terms! #StandWithPP
I'd like a scene where women who are supposed to be our equals, are held as accountable for their actions as we are. But we'll never see it.
How about we double the funding and give it to a health service not named Planned Parenthood, not doing abortions. Humane enough? #nopp
What happen to you?
Fight 2 use our hard earned tax dollars 2 fund abortion? PP makes enough selling baby parts. My body, my choice, my responsibility
Joss, as long as I'm alive, you'll have to.
Hi @joss! Friendly reminder that pregnant & parenting students can and DO go to college! Having a baby shouldn't mean giving up your dreams.
news flash....'family housing' can be limited/expensive even if you REALLY want to go to college (waiting lists). And so can nearby daycare
It's too bad your mom didn't have the same admiration for them in 1964
Yes it has, birthed from eugenics to keep the black population from getting the numbers it needs to compete with you white folks...
.@joss federal govt has no business sanctioning & funding doing this  to tiny helpless innocent preborn boys & girls
#ProLife
Well said
.@joss PP also used not to kill preborn babies (see pamphlet).
Our taxes already pay for FQHC's that provide FAR more & don't do abortions.
Huh, the comment section is disabled and the like/dislike ratio can't be seen. Odd. Good thing you put it on twitter huh?
That's fine by me. But get off the public nipple.
PP is a racist organization founded on the principle of eugenics. It is the controlling of race through abortion. Please do some research.
They do keep dem darkies numbers down.
You made fun of teenage cancer survivors when they had pictures taken with Trump.
You do realize that Planned Parenthood was started with the purpose of eliminating black people, right?
Let's see what the victims of abortion have to say about this. Oh wait, they're dead.
Amen to that!!
Love the video it's important we inform our teens that there is help if they're too embarrassed to talk to their parents about sex,STD etc
Watch. Share. Slay. ... millions of innocent babies.@PPact
Thanks for this.
“We do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the Negro population,” M. Sanger wrote. —Letter to Dr. Clarence Gamble
Best entropy I've ever seen
I hope you dont bring this crap to Batgirl.
Thank you.
Then you fund it with all your $$. I don't want my hard earned $$ funding an abortion mill.
Preach. We shouldn't be FORCED to fund ANY clinic that performs an act that half of Americans believe is abhorrent.
