"Repeal and Replace", but for Democrats.
Dude he's been working on this bill since the 90's. This is not something written on a weekend and introduced in a back office.
And he thinks it can be phased in over just 4 years & without specifying how it will be paid for? in 20 years, that's it?
Adding a public option to ACA would be a more responsible path, allow expansion over time.
It's not hard to figure out how we would pay for it. I'll give you a hint. Cut military spending.
 Didn't know we could play fantasy make-believe here.
Cutting military spending = fantasy make-believe? Do you want to explain that?
It'd be nice if we could do that. We do spend too much, a lot of waste to cut out.
Yes!!
Cuz you want people to die too
Why that provision not allowing people to get their own care when the waiting lists get too long.  Control or to kill?
Don't have the details but from what I've read seems to not be the solution. Will drive up costs. Only good for medical biz. Need more.
Yay! US Businesses should do what they are good at, creating jobs. Govt should run gov't programs like health care. All win.
Yes! Thank you! for listening to and supporting the needs of the people!!!
Thank you, Senator Shaheen!  It is what the people want!
Who's going to pay for it? People better think ! Look at Canada they either come here or wait 6 mos. 2 C Dr. 4 illness they got
Mahalo!
#MedicareForAll 
Not unless finance is disclosed and committed to. No more surprises! How to sink @DemNational in 2018.
thank you!!

A reminder that John Conyers, a black Democrat, has been re-introducing a Medicare-for-all bill in every congress since 2003.
Bravo.
Wow. The minions are all lined up tonight. Sad
 It's not a feasible or comprehensive plan. How is it funded? Can't tax us into prosperity. Most private practices don't accept Medicaid
What r u selling? We have SS, Medicare, Fed, state, Ent taxes+. NOW U want US to pay MORE? You have NO clue! WHAT R U DOING? Make jobs! STOP
Thank you Senator!
Free Medicare for all?
About time.
I wish people would quit calling at single-payer. Single-payer eliminates insurance companies and that's not even on the table
Can anyone give me the number of the bill?
What does the government control well.? Look at what our poor vets go through. We need less government and more freedom. This is sad.
So will it work as well as the VA? Because we all know that’s our insight to Gov run healthcare

Thank u! Today I was told by my hospital that, they will require 100 dollars 4 mamagram. Medicaid no longer covers it. :-( #AmericanShame
That's too bad you are not representing the people of NH we don't want that. It's the agenda of a small group of dems. Such a politician
So serious q, why not have Medicare for all AND private insurance in parallel? Seems like it would be easier to sell.
Thank you.
How do you plan to pay for it, because I will not be.
Health care should not be a political issue. You need it. I'm pleased that this was the only negative response to this tweet.

How is it paid for?? I agree Healthcare for all!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for listening. Fund Keene State College. 100 years taxpayers built it, now state cuts funding so in-state students can't afford.
Hell at this point, why not go for it, Trump will probably endorse it just to get a win!
Thank you!
Hmmm @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray cmon, make the right choice!
Thank you for supporting Americans.
I look forward to hearing about how you will finance Medicare for all.
by taxing people and paying for healthcare like we do now, which will be cheaper than the private system. any other questions?
but taxing who and how much are important details. very excited to get details on the spending side. details on the other side matter too
tax everyone, rich people and corporations more. we're already spending the money. negotiate medicare reimbursement rates, like we do now
Thank you Senator!
Awesome, Thank you! #MedicareForAll
@galtzo @SenSanders u all r knowing it will never pass. We r not stupid. #DemExitForever
Thank you, Senator.
@SenatorHassan NH is waiting on you!
Thank you!!!
#SocialismSucks

Thank you!


Thank you!

Yes! Thank you! 
Thank you
Thank you Senator! So proud to be represented by you and @SenMarkey.
Will you also be subject to this your highness??
Plans as to how to pay for it? Why not support the private sector?They'll deliver higher quality services @ lower cost than the government!
And what are all u fools gng to do when 2.5 million jobs are gone, and insurance business is taken away from small biz?
Thank you senator :)
We're still going to primary you in 2020 for not signing on sooner and only being an opportunist, right? Resign now corporate Democrat.
thank you Senator!!
Thank you, Senator Shaheen! Enough with the endless upheavals in our health care. One plan. One card. Everyone covered.
How much will the Medicare payroll tax have to go up to pay for this?
This is the way to go, everyone pays into it, everyone should benefit. Cut out insurance co overhead & profits to reduce overall costs.
Amazing! Thank you Senator!
Lots of praise from commenters here Senator. You might want to check their locations and see what states you really represent.
Including you and your cronies?
Respectfully,hard pass. No thank you.
TY @SenatorShaheen Now @SenatorHassan please sign on!!!

Thank you!
Thank you senator
Thank you senator I hope you know that if it passed some how that you will be saving lives FYI
Thank you!

Thank you!
Thank you Senator 
Thank you. I was worried when you weren't a co-sponsor. Proud you represent my state.
Great, we are $20 Trillion in debt..and now u want to add exponentially to this..why should government control healthcare?
Excellent!
Thank you! I wish @SenFeinstein would support us in CA
Hopefully your the first to be denied medical care while in the hospital  LMFAO
Thank you
Momentum is building!
Thank you Senator.
We appreciate the old geezer finally doing something after 30 years and catching up to the Dem Party
Bravo Bravo Bravo Senator Shaheen
Thx! I'm a midwife, husband OB/GYN, live in Portsmouth. Worked in NZ 2004 (single payer) and think it's best. Have thoughts if interested.
Thank you for fighting for me
Thank you for your leadership #MedicareForAll... Good Enough for Grandma ... Good Enough for Me
Thank you way to go
Thank you, Senator. 
THANK YOU !!!
Thank you, Senator, for being on the right side of history on this issue! 
America thanks you!
What changed your mind?
Won't work right. Look at the VA. Look at this state run hospital. US politicians need their pockets lined.
Rename it #Hillarycare in honor of its founder. It might help to heal the party wounds caused by sanders.
Thank you!! 
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator.  The people need #MedicareForAll and you are helping deliver it.
Thank you. It's not going to happen under this administration though.:(
I get the sentiment, but you know it's DOA. Can we work on something that has a chance?
Republicans are in majority.

Who's voting for those tax cuts?
I'm being serious.... It's a fantasy
I hear you.

It doesn't change the fact that it's impossible under our current setup.....

They're selling this like they have a chance.
Senator, could you look into this? Shameful if true. Please bring this issue into the light.

Thank you Senator! But why hasn't @SenatorHassan signed on?
Thank you, Senator Shaheen. #MedicareForAll
Thank you!!
Thank you Senator Shaheen
Love the democratic momentum behind this push!
Hooray!  Now, talk Maggie Hassan into signing on, and NH will be all set.
Medicare -single payer insurance. @TheDemocrats want everyone dependent on the govt.
However, not everyone pays... only those who work.
Are we at 16 then? Anyone?
This is #communism and you are a trader to America #NHpolitcs
Thank you Senator Shaheen!
Thank you, senator! @SenDonnelly please join the us in supporting Medicare for All.
Proud of my senator - THANK YOU!!!
Great! Health care consumption with no accountability for cost! This won't end badly #sarcasm
Sen. Shaheen we appreciate your support for the bill. Please urge all Dems & GOPs Senators to do the same. Thank you for working hard for us
SOCIALIST 
Thank you!

And @PattyMurray ?
Thank you
Thank You for very much Senator.
Thank you!! That was the first thing I asked when I heard there were co-sponsors of the bill- is Jean Shaheen signing on? Great!
You make Alinsky (and Lucifer) proud.
thank you
Thank You Senator Shaheen!
Thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator. I voted for you because I believe you care about NH and represent our interests. This proves it for me.
Way to go!!!
I agree as long as you ration health care.
Let's not forget that they will exempt themselves like from Obamacare. Good enough for the peasants but not our nation's royalty.
Thank you
Maybe you should have read this first:
Gee, nobody put a gun to your head
Are you making a smart or a wise decision? Building quantity usually has a diluting effect of quality. If you're wondering, not wise
Thank you!
Good for you. Now just make sure you fight for in on the floor of the Senate. @SenSanders can't do it alone.
Thank you. <3
Proud of you @SenatorShaheen! Can you work with @SenatorHassan to secure her support too? This is how NH democrats regain voter confidence.
TBH, Medicare for All will be a shit show. Give everyone the same health care plan as the military. They get shit done.
Go talk @SenatorHassan into signing on as well, if you could
You know this bill won't pass, now democrats will fundraise for years like the GOP did when they vowed to repeal Obamacare, what a sham.
Thank you Senator. Love when Democrats take some initiative, and I'm glad you were one of them to help lead the charge.
Thank you Sen nice to see your still more concerned about the people instead of the politics well done
Good. Thank you, Senator.
THANK YOU!
You are insane and need to be voted out of office.
THANK YOU! 
#MedicareForAll
#HealthCareIsARight #NH
Thank you!
Excellent.  Keep fighting.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Sen. Shaheen.
DEM wakeup to these socialist 56 year DEM 1 year IN-REP my DEM party long gone I can't agree with all the unhinged talk and polices
Thank you senator!
yes!!!
Thank you 

#SinglePayerPlayer
Thank you!! 
Thanks Sen. Shaheen!
Thank you.
please explain how to pay for it. It is not a plan without that component
Thank you!!!
Meanwhile in England

http://bit.ly/2xX33OU 
We're only $20T in debt, 44% of Americans pay no income tax at all, this shouldn't be a problem financially.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you so much Senator!   The right thing for the country and for New Hampshire!
Thank you, Senator Shaheen!
Thank you Senator.
Do you believe that this act has any chance of passage, and are you also continuing to work on restructuring ACA?
Thank you
@BrotherCooper89 @SenSanders wonderful!!
Thanks
Thank you senator. Let's create the healthiest, brightest middle class.
Thank you 
Try reading the constitution. You have no authority to do this.

Good luck with that one!
Great job. Americans deserve to join the 21st century!
Proud of my Senator @SenatorShaheen #MedicareForAll. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege for people who can get one through an employer
Thank you!
Thank you
Now get out there and sell it!
