Good luck Malala & thank you for inspiring so many with your incredible strength, power and courage !! #InternationalDayOfTheGirl
There you have @Malala they didn't go to their break cause getting ready for a quiz about your book.It is part of our Social Studies program
the media gives her attention because she survived an attack and is changing the world? this is when the media is right to give attention
ေလးဘဲကုလားမ
fucking bullshit all the girls same from her area r still getting educated..this Malala is all drama queen..
Congratulations 
It means that you still have a lot to learn.
Pakistan isn't depriving girls of education I don't know why she gets free treatment plus many kids get shot everyday - media propaganda
she got shot by the talibans . i dont get where you see propaganda against the state of pakistan here? she s safer in a western country
Malala, you are an inspiration to the World, I congratulate you on your dreams and accomplishments.
Whoever ordered you to be shot must be very jealous right now. That "man" or "group" are not going to succeed. More power to you. #FREEDOM

Congrats Malala! we celebrate young educated women like you that can change the world
Cheating is very simple.
Creating social problem is more simple for you. Talking human right and enlarging new colonisim by UN now.
Formal logic is real difficult, but it’s one of the most important things anyone can learn.

Best of luck in your classes!
good luck
I wish you success.
Hope you get more Nobel Prizes on your way, the world community needs such thoughts.
#taheri_movement
God bless you sis
More power to you sister!!!
You are an inspiration to all women, even an older woman like me!
Malala, I recenty watched your interview with David Letterman on Netflix. It was a privilege to get to know you. You have my respect and admiration. Cynthia Boling
Amazing.  Tenancious Brave
DON'T FORGET ABOUT THOSE WHO ARE STILL DEPRIVED IN REMOTE AREAS OF UNDER DEVELOPED COUNTRIES.
May Allah protect u from evil and bless u success in ur endeavours
Didn’t you speak out to open the school owned by your father?
Well those Peoples that Judging all Pakistan are wrong, some of them good peoples.her message to help Nation of Girls,
Good luck brave soul. May you soar like an eagle at Oxford.
Yeah, cuz you're not in a Muslim country anymore. Why are you still a Muslim btw?
Sorry you had to sustain such an injury to your body but, happy that your spirit has inspired so many millions of us the past 5years... 
You Must see a very inspirational Navy Seal, Wining Edge Academy ... Mental Fortutide, he mentions you in his speech. We can't give up.
What an inspiration to women of all ages, everywhere 
LMAO...IM A CLOSET COMEDIAN!!
SERIOUSLY...YOUR LIFE IS AN INSPIRATION TO US ALL! IT SHOWS US WHAT GOD CAN DO IF MAN GETS OUT OF THE WAY! WE ARE ALL EQUALS #GIRLPOWER #GOD
Happy for you!
Very bad
You are an inspiration!
Congrats
Hats off to you and your determination. Congratulations
This is win of your fight your http://dignity.you  go straight
Subhana'Allah.
I am so happy for you! You have inspired people throughout the world with your strength, courage, and determination. Enjoy your time at Oxford and the road ahead.
You are an amazing human being, Malala
@Malala Where is that other girl who was also shoot?Come and work here rather than enjoying in England.APS Kids are hero you are totally Zero Zero And Zero
I face adversity in my life, but then I am reminded of your strength and everything that you have been through and fought against to be where you are right now. The barriers I face are still valid, but you show me that I can conquer them. Thank you so much #newgirlarmy @Malala
Congrats, you remind girls around the world. No matter what, never give up on your dreams!
Believe in your dreams!!! #OwnYourHustle
The jealous ignorant bigots  continue hating those blessed souls who are appreciated for their good work. We are proud of you, Malala! 
You are an inspiration for my daughter to set her sights high and stay focused: "Education is more important than social drama." She told me
Do you like oxford @Malala ?? I am an Indian girl and dream of ging to oxford but am scared. Do you think i can do it??
You are a beacon of pure light for women and men across this earth . God Speed! Semper Fidelis! Banshee6A
Best of luck with your logic course! I  hope you will enjoy it; the world needs more critical thinkers.
You really are a light in this dark world Malala. Congratulations
Yes. You owe UK alot for raising u into this stage where after 8 years, you may be active participant in your country's........
You #gogirl @Malala #shininglight #inspirational also a past recipient of @TipperaryPeace Award #givepeaceachance
You’re a super heroine! 
Wishing you the best at Oxford and thanking you for being an inspiration for all. #TheBest

When i see girls like you have i feel so proud deep inside because of being a girl . You are my power when I'm weak .

Inhuman treatment #Nigerianarmy to Biafrans only for asking for their freedom @AmnestyNigeria @netanyahu @UN @WHO @antonioguterres @POTUS 
All the very best young lady from #Canada
So proud to be your classmate. See you at matriculation!
You were destined for greatness! Much success in your studies at Oxford!!
congratulaion you are malalai of maiwand for us we are proud of you nation is proud of u
Bravo Malala! @SheRocksWorld
Why in ebonyi things are difficult
You go Malala, you champ!
Art.
I really hope you spend most of your time at G&Ds. If anyone deserves to spend most of their time at G&Ds, it's you. Get the banana split.
Can you also denounce Islamic teaching of violence and rape culture while your there please.
Honestly speaking, you and your family are notjing but spongers and advantage takers.
@padzo7 Malala is doing logic
Give it your best shot,
Your never spoke for anything. That was a cheap publicity stunt played by your father. To collect money and fame from western world.
Malala, please don't forget these women who are tortured just because of speaking out their mind in Rwanda just like they wanted to kill you
OK,Pls lift the limit on @kwokmiles “To give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers, “ Tx.
Everyone is equal before the law！
Everyone should fight for equality before the law.
Go Back China to fight.
Fight could be from anywhere , inside and outside of the “Great Wall “! liberal democracy will prevail eventually in China.
You’re a true inspiration for young girls the world over, Malala. Good luck at Oxford!
Good job!
Go Malala! What an inspiration.
I am gladyou are doing WELL and discovered from the injuries.I PRAY to God Almighty and WISH YOU all SUCCESS in your mission. LOVINGLY
You a hero for all girl all the world
Let The struggle continue, we may not always have victories but always progress if we all continue to leave no darkness for those who stay in the shadows of suppression. Chris Morrison BCAo
You are amazing, Malala. I adore You.
You are such an inspiration. All the best with your own Educational Journey.
You are a big deceiver Malala. You were shot for criticising the taliban in your local area...not for girl's education. You have only made a name for yourself in the west because of your lies and they are only using you for their own purpose. The rest of us see right through you.
Logic? Congratulations. It never made sense to me.
@KasperSandberg
You are a hero! God bless you always and all ways. 
Proud of you malala education is the solution of war and inshaallah one day we will win this war

#penpath
Dishonoring Pakistan and achieving  everything 

 Pakistan is a beautiful and tolerant country by large stop defaming it and Islam
Well, I been hearing this from all foreign people that we do not allow our girls to do education, by the way all my three sisters are master degree holders, now you tell me what to answer them ?? Just for few thugs in a specific area (swat) you make all of us ashamed.
Make this issue clear that only in a specific area this blah blah happened. This reminds me a story.
Malala, you are an amazing woman, an inspiration and a role model. Best of luck to you in everything you do throughout your life.
I wish you sucess :-)
Congrats! #Changingtheworldalready  Also Oxford seemed so challenging but it is a nice school for sure : D
Hi
We r u from
congra dear all the bst xem
Fantastic
You GO girl!!!!
FrrjdcYes f

#UpWithEthicsDownWithTheism
Happy New year wishes Ms Malala
Muslim women suffers throughout the world due to lack of education.god bless u in Ur fight
Happy that you are here.
I have two Girl Scout daughters. Our troop saw the movie about your life - TWICE. 

Your story, your persistence, your advocacy has inspired us ALL, Malala. It's life changing for young women. 

Happy New Year!
Hi
#WhiteAndGreySocks

Nice
Thank you!!!!
ESSSSKKKIIITIT
Great
5 years ago???? Wow!! Time has gone so fast! 
What about boys education?
Life is amazing. Don't forget!
Great job. Optimum endeavour against all constraints. 
Good leady
U r a big time attention seeker, politician!
She’s a hero to good people around the world!
Your PERSPECTIVE.
Thank u for implying tht I am a bad person.
Bye!
Not just implying, dude.
YAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!! 
God is good, bless you in your studies!
Shot? They have no morals nor a ounce of humanity left in them to do such a thing.
What are you going to major in?
@YNHallak 
Good luck with your studies and may God bless you and your family always.
You are an inspiration and a bright light in a very dark world right now. Good luck with everything! We all know that you will do brilliant things in the future 
You are a bold and brave yeoman
Sorry Women
I’m so proud of you
...keep on doing what you're doing!  an inspiration for today's girls!!!
You got everything by luck.
There are many girls who died,you survived and fools made you hero
God is given relief to become night angel to serve the innocents donot think about religion -balaram
Is that the same PM Scholarship Laptop?? 

And still blaming your attempted murder on the Jews?
Great woman malala
Best of luck to you brave lady. You’ve been an inspiration to us all!
@Bdoora977
@realDonaldTrump this is what determination, intellect, humanity and ethics looks like.
go ahead
Hola malala
i'm so proud of you 
Biggest ever darama of the world. 
Planted malala lost respect.
You are just ass hole lol 
Gashti
Congratulations and thank you
Baap tera agent ha CIA ka dollor le kr bhonkti ho koi bachta aik dafa ha ab pak Ku nahi ati
How exciting!!  Enjoy your college and experience!
And the millions you pocketed. Good luck
@joelycett you were right about those fees.
Its safe in Pakistan Now.We had given many young to this war to make this place http://safe.Now  you can come back,treatment done ,you got recovered.Come Back.
I remember the dialogue of god father movie that behind every good fortune there is crime so these lines quotes your past and presnt
And on this day, your attackers worst fears were realised! change is coming.

You deserve praises for standing up against the odds.We wish to know what has become of the other girl who also survived the ordeal please
Congratulations
Hope you can spread & empower others with the same kind of love & support that is showered on you. Good Luck
You are an inspiration to all women, good luck in your study
There are no words to describe this achievement. Is this the first time a student has entered university already having won a Nobel prize?
You’re a super heroine! 
Wishing you the best at Oxford and thanking you for being an inspiration for all. #TheBest
sis.
You go girl! You are a huge inspiration for me and so many other young women!
Hello
Hi @Malala it would be good if you could mention the books which inspires you .
I have so much respect for u

Those who do not know about the horrifying atmosphere under the dominance of Taliban they cannot imagine the courage of this wonderful girl.
Love you so much
Glory to Jesus
Important take-home: Some cultures are better than others.
And now 5yrs after,,,u r unstoppable,,, brave girl u r
Wishing you all the very best in your journey!  You are a light and inspiration for all cultures, religions and ages. Blessings 
Best of luck in your degree @Malala , hope you get a first in everything
Hassan
gareeb Tabah hai hahaa
Congratulations Malala and very best wishes for the future.
Thank you for.who you are. Sometimes the world is better than we had hoped. Enjoy your journey.  Be well.
MayAllGod'sBlessings...AlwaysBeUpon Hon.Malala...
TheBlessingInHavingNobleHearted Hon.Malala FulfilledByGreatestLove For AllGirlsOfWorld&AllPeopleOfWorld
EnormouslyGratefulAlw Hon.Malala... TheGirlsOfTheWorldHavingTheBlessing ToHave NobleHearted Hon.Malala...
Congdadulations Malala, on your hard work and perseverance! Enjoy Uni!!
u inspire me may God keep u long
You are an inspiration to me!
