. . . badda-bing.
@daveweigel @lisamurkowski I will not believe the good Sen., from Alaska would sell out the rest of the country for this sham.
She voted no on the last repeal and replace even tho trump, Ryan and pence were pressuring her to vote yes.
If this latest train wreck of a reform bill passes, we'll be going to Canada or Mexico for health care!
If she doesn't vote for it they keep it too, so what else is in it for her?
She represents her state. Convince your own senators. They can be bribed too 
So, so sorry. 
? wtf?
How about Capito in West Virginia, I would say Heller but that big dummy is a sponsor and up for re-election.
Dirty Dean has already signed on
Big dummy is a sponsor!
So ACA stays for them whether the bill passes or fails. Might as well be a hero and vote against.
Enough of Congress threatening our health care.  Let's take theirs.
Quick tweet senators http://www.factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm3.html … email/call using http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html … They're working on Murkowski #GrahamCassidyNO
ACA didn't work great, but worked well enough in some states.  That's clear.
It helped many, hurt many along the way too.  I voted for Obama and wanted ACA, but it fell short.  Why we're here.
That's a kind way of thinking but we're here because it was Obama's , and R's promised to ax it, even if it was perfect.
It was far from perfect.  Vulnerable Dems distanced and still lost seats over ACA.
ACA was/is a mess.  I'd bet #GrahamCassidy will be as bad or worse.  Maybe repubs and Dems work together by 2040.
Someone check if Sarah Palin has had a heart attack yet upon hearing this. #TheResistance 
@sarahpalin
If it wasn't so sad a person could...
How can one state keep it? It's a Federal statute.
Would be soo funny if it were soo fucking scary!

Best Twitter Post of the Week!
(Lisa Murkowski's contact info)
Thank You Lulu Ward
You're welcome, Lyn! I hope it does some good! 
Last time they said don't call unless you're from Alaska but his time I've seen that we should call. Which is it?
Don't call if it isn't your state. ACA doesn't work in every state. That's a fact. Give people a chance in these states to aquire something.
This is unconstitutional  All states are to be treated equitably.
The gulf states get to keep voodoo
For a while! Only for a while. The senator is being played.
Fuuuuck. Is that true?
@lisamurkowski shld be asking herself if ACA(ObamaC) is good 4 @Alaska Y isn't it good 4 ALL 50 States. @SenatorCollins @SenCapito VOTE NO.
I'm hoping that Lisa Murkowski has more integrity.
Sorry but bottom line is she is still a repug
Well, it's not like I'd vote for her.But even the devil gets his due.
it sounds like a big time bribe to me !
If AK votes yes then that says everything about the kind of human being she is.
So, Alaska gets to keep Obamacare, if they vote yes on Graham-Cassidy.  But, they get to keep Obamacare if the vote on #GrahamCassidy is no.
First dotard Drumpf threatened Murkowski. Next he tried to bribe her. Glad she doesn't corrupt easily. @lisamurkowski
Here's an idea: let Alaska do whatever the f they want. But don't force the bubonic plague of Obamacare on all the rest of us.
Obamacare is a gift from God himself. Healing our nation!
Wow!
The bill is bad everyone knows it but Trump wants a win at any price.
I said this last night @lisamurkowski will be bought and not think about Americans in total. Keep watching. Bribery
Yep. And given that Price can alter formula any time, if she gets bought she has to stay bought. For all votes in future.
That's not much of an incentive for Alaska. They get to keep ACA regardless of whether Senator Murkowski votes yes.
Exactly! I just tweeted that. They might as well be heroes and vote against this bill.
Obamacare for states sounds good. Just let me know which ones will opt out so I can move there along with anyone else who works for a living
Curious, dose Alaska want to keep Obamacare?
And now he’s cutting off the money like the evilness he is .. who cares about people suffering/dying I just want to win
This is the ultimate GOP hypocricy!
If Sen.Markowski votes against Obamacare,  McConnell will reward her by letting Alaska KEEP OBAMACARE !
#GOP that's blackmail ! You can't make promises for some states to keep Obamacare 4 their vote to abolish Obamacare. #Retire Mitch McConnell
If Murkowski vote Yes can we then call her a "KochSucker" & be factual...??
Koch is pronounced "cook."
Koch is pronounced "coke/koke".
Koch is pronounced Cock in my house
LOL....an apt name
In that case, let's all move to  Alaska!!!!
Sadly it does.....thanks to party loyalties and lobbyists over loyalty to country and their constituents!!!
Agreed!!!!
Thanks!

How about we all keep Obamacare?  Heck, call it FreedomCare if it makes you feel better.
They can't get the bloody tax rollback instilled with ACA, which opens the door for the main event -tax reform - if they don't *repeal.*
This doesn't accomplish that though. It keeps the ACA taxes. R tax reform depended on numbers that didn't include aca tax revenue.
From what I'm getting - that makes sense. There would be no revenue from repeal as it removes the ACA surtax from those who paid it.
Yeah quick and dirty version is that repealing aca reduces deficit over time & gives them more money to play with/give away via tax "reform"
Is that the private plane 'play with' budget?
No no, didn't you hear? They have to take private jets because the violence of the left makes traveling by any other method unsafe 
They've never been in mixed company before.
Wondering how/what @SenatorCollins feels/thinks about this?
Are Fing kidding us.  If she votes NO everyone gets to keep it.  @lisamurkowski Murkowski
GOP is being pressured by big donors who need repeal of ACA to get their massive tax breaks. It's always about the bucks with the GOP.
Well now, that speaks volumes. Means they know it's shit.
Let the other 49 states keep Obamacare too.
GOP has no scruples.  They have ruples though, courtesy of Putin.

Wrote a song for the Dreamers, I'd Rather Be a Dreamer by Jason Dickey.  RT if you like it. It's funny!! 
Wow! Great deal. We can all move to Alaska. Can we just sign up in Alaska?
I say, that all the states should hold out for that deal.
they are desperate to pass the repeal even though most of the American people do not want it repealed. It's all about the money.
As a Canadian bystander it's hard 2 watch this because it trickles into our country that has enjoyed universal healthcare for 50 years.
All 31 states and D.C. that joined Medicaid Expansion get to keep it in perpetuity with Federal 90% cost sharing; let "nixer 19" join now.
https://pleasanttreenerd.tumblr.com/post/165630050713/affordable-care-act-prices-will-skyrocket-31 … Read the highlighted parts why SC rates will increase TY GOP
Isn't that ironic 
WTF??????

That's funny, a NO vote will accomplish the same thing.
Hey @realDonaldTrump, if Alaska gets to keep Obamacare why, oh why can't I?
Not that I eat this shit pizza anyways- but you can bet your ass I won't ever again! This meme is going viral -
The GOP are despicable ppl... period,zero integrity
EXACTLY how do you repeal Obamacare for every state but one? How ludicrous can the GOP get?
The irony hurts.  On many levels.
Wth?????
Amazing! And not fair to other states that do not want this change.  @lisamurkowski I have faith you will not fall for this bribe
@lisamurkowski and you get to keep it if you don't vote for this abomination of a bill that will kill your fellow Americas, so there's that
I call bullshit
Let's all move to Alaska !!!
“@MEPFuller: If you want to know how great the Graham-Cassidy bill is for states, the bribe for Alaska is that THEY GET TO KEEP OBAMACARE!!”
#grandcatastrophe
Graham's bill is part of a Republican Dixiecrat Party scam to backdoor a New Confederacy and crony capital commodification!
Wow ..welcome America to the Trump scam way of doing business
I hope Alaska doesn't think that would last.
Too bad you people lost 
the election, eh?
#MAGA #RepealObamacare @cspanwj
How is that different from voting no and making sure everyone else does too?
Is there any more proof needed?  Come on Senators. Get your collective heads out of your white tight asses. Do your job and protect people.
And for how long do they get to keep it? This is so scary.
#NoGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare
The Senator from Alaska, has always voted her conscious and I can't believe that she would be a party to the "Polar Payoff".
Since the gop has taken over our entire government we now see msm trying to make bribery a normal part of government
You are exactly right!
If she takes this bribe she is in fact guilty of conspiracy to defraud the rest of America!
- FLOTUS speaking out vs bullying
- POTUS in a Twitter war w nuclear "madman"
- GOP promising Obamacare to kill Obamacare
The Trump Admin satire continues to write itself. I feel like I'm watching "Team America 2: Americaaaaa....WTF?"
@lisamurkowski This so SHAMEFUL I can't even talk...?  @maddow @lawrence @amjoyshow @JoeNBC WTF?
Are ppl going to start moving to states that have better #healthcare ?
Simply hilarious! Republicans would rather impose hardships on those who can least afford it, just to appease their wealth donors.
I see how we can keep (and improve) ACA! All blue states must threaten to vote against TrumpCare unless they get to keep ACA!
Insane
@BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC Show us what Koch brothers gave you in 2016 and 2017. I will crowd fund to double it if you kill this bill.
If she says no we all get to keep it and then they can fix for those whom it's not working
We knew Alaska would get special perks to ensure a 'yes' vote, but this preferential treatment is a bribe. Pure & simply.
Alaska wants DotardCare not Obama(black)Care.
Their following the Koch brothers orders. No money unless they repeal ACA
It really demonstrates the character of these men. SO intent on undoing anything Obama created & hurting ppl instead of improving Obamacare.
Just like t Senators themselves....
Who’s pathetic idea was that @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy? TurtleMan @LindseyGrahamSC or Weael @SpeakerRyan ? @HardballChris @JoyAnnReid
Ain't this some shit?  Half of the people on here hated Obamacare and wanted it removed, until you found out it was  YOUR HEALTHCARE.
Whaaaaaat???

AND if @lisaMurkowski votes NO Alaska gets to keep Obamacare as well, and the rest of us do too. This isn't a difficult vote.
What!?
@SenDeanHeller @MarkAmodeiNV2 @GovSandoval @CatherineForNV just a heads-up.
Until they dont . GOP will lie to anyone including their own reps
Don't fall for this bribe @lisamurkowski allowing 30 million Americans to lose coverage.
This is telling @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @SenFeinstein
BRAVA, LYNN!!!!
Insanity.
#WTFISWRONGWITHTHESEPEOPLE
If this happens, couldn't other States sue over the inequity, since we are all paying for this? Esp. donor states?
Their Senators know they are dealing with thieves. Why would they vote for this no matter the "secret" incentives. #Trumpcare  is sickening

Hey, can any senator ask for the same bribe? I think one from each state should ask for that. That'd be at least 50 votes. #howtowin
So, GOP, Obamacare is great for Alaska and other GOP favored states but not for the rest of us? Really?
The blatant self-serving politics of GOP is another example of how incompetent the party is in running federal government
Wait what is this true?
If @LisaForSenate this isn’t about Alaska, it’s about ALL of Americans, it’s a blood vote. How could anyone in good conscience vote for this
So Alaskans would keep their healthcare while rest of us would lose it is so disgusting, all bc of GOPs obsession 2destroy Obama’s legacy
If Amazon built its new 50,000+ HQ in Wyoming, could it flip the state from red to blue?
.@amazon is keeping @BreitbartNews afloat.
#RepealNReplaceGOP
Or @lisamurkowski could vote NO and everyone gets to keep the ACA.. so be a sellout or do the right thing it's a no brainer
Spot on.
Are you saying they can keep their plan if they like their plan?
@SenRonJohnson speaks volumes..
Flake admitted he was voting for it because he "had to think about his state". Begging @SenJohnMcCain & @lisamurkowski UNITED STATES VOTE NO
3 MONTHS AGO GRAHAM ON INTERVIEW "NEVER VOTE FOR BILL W/KICKBACKS & BUYING OFF VOTES,THAT KIND OF CRAP" FORGO YOUR PROMISE &PRICIPLES TO US?
But they get to keep O'care if they vote no. In fact, everyone does so where's the incentive to vote yes? Can GOP promises even be trusted?
Sucks to be Alaska, if true.
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy hell of a bill y'all got there.
Would that not null & void Replace & Repeal?...MORE STUPIDITY...!
All states get medicaid expansion money something Obama couldn't do. You can vote for single payer in your state.
@lisamurkowski Is this true? Counting on you to be a hero! For ALL the states! #GrahamCassidyNO
So Alaska has Obamacare whether the bill passes or not.
Bribing Alaska to screw everybody else over. Clever but, I don't think they'll bite
@kelsey_ah @CallParty you can totally help folks with helping save the ACA... stop calling it Obamacare people... and start the #callparty
@lisamurkowski vote NO AND YOU STILL KEEP OBAMACARE with no bribes necessary....SIMPLE!
Everyone call or tweet @lisamurkowski and let her know that the rest of the nation needs the ACA as much as Alaska! #WeAllDeserveToLive.
Why would she or the people of Alaska think that the GOP party's leadership would keep this promise to them in the long-term?
So we all have to move to Alaska to get decent health care?
Just thought about that the OCare that must go cause it's so Bad & also now its about to fail so got to get rid of it quick, Alaska can keep
A government by the people and for the people .....of Alaska
Seriously?
OMG
Lucky Alaskans!

@senrobportman ... tell them we want the same deal Alaska is getting.
We aren't falling for it no way.
Murkowski just signed a lease for a condo in Trump Tower free membership at Mar A Lago  and a lifetime supply of the best eva chocolate cake
So if this bill passes I guess I'm moving to Alaska.
Wow, make it really hard for a brave lady, why don't you?

Wouldn't keeping Obama care be the result of a no-vote as well?
We could crowd fund @lisamurkowski lisashe doesn't need their money she got elected without anyway
Wake up America and trump base, this terrible bill will destroy you, not help you. Obamacare is really ACA, has nothing 2 do w/Obama anymore
Stop thinking the GOP are getting rid of ObamaCare. They are getting rid of your healthcare/ACA. You will lose, big bus and GOP win. Wake up
Also, if she votes no, she gets to keep the ACA for Alaska too.
@laloalcaraz Remember how GOP howled when Obama Admin cut deals for individual states to gain support? Yeah, me too.
So the bribe is:  "Alaska. Vote for this bill and you won't have to suffer it's effects."

Are you fucking kidding?
This is a travesty.  Hopefully Sen Mirkowski will see through the bullshit and again vote it down.  A bipartisan solution is the only way.
@lisamurkowski no disrespect to Alaska intended, but that bribe is BS and if followed through, will cause an uproar unlike any other seen.
Wait. What? How does that work? They make this bill the law of the land besides Alaska?
If you like your Obamacare you get to keep your Obamacare
Who thinks its ironic the #GOP is telling #Alaska 
"If you like your Obamacare (doctors) you can keep it (them)?
#GrahamCassidy#Trumpcare
Oh the irony!
ALSO residents get paid around $1,022.00 a month by the government. A MONTH. TO LIVE THERE.
I’m certain Mississippi will get the same corrupt deal. You ARE pushing for it, right @SenatorWicker? Right @SenThadCochran?
@BernieTampaBay is this true?
To get Sen. Murkowski's vote for ACA repeal, the GOP has reportedly offered to exempt Alaska from much of it
If I were her, that bribe would be enough for me to say no...why couldn't all states get that condition?
Don't sell us out @lisamurkowski.
California DEMANDS to keep it too! @lisamurkowski  better not accept it and vote against it with us! Throw the whole bill away..Senate too!
Sad!  #mean @SenateGOP #truth bribes now? We're not asleep!  Your purposely killing @realDonaldTrump for crossing party lines. Devilish! 
Another idea, put in the bill all congress has to buy the insurance just like the public and drop the insurance they have now....
So if Murkowski votes no, and G-C fails, AK still has ACA.  Let's see if Murkowski will take comfort & vote to protect all Americans.
OBVIOUSLY no principled belief in letting States determinine major programs in their states. Deplorable idea to counter the central govt.
Also, when the ACA came about the GOP put in a provision that congress had to use the ACA. I noticed they didn't so it with this one
The way a majority of our state elected handle our tax money the only folks who would get health care would be their family members
I'm Alaskan. Still begging her to protect all Americans. This should be illegal.
How bout they just change the name and say they replaced it? Their followers won't know the diff anyway. We'll live happily ever after
UNCONSTITUTIONAL!! POTUS IMMORAL, INEFFECTUAL, INCOMPETENT!!! #25thAmendmentNow  !!
Unconstitutional
wtf
Why would you even consider it @lisamurkowski? Don't succumb to @LindseyGrahamSC's pressure to put #PartyBeforeCountry. Cc: @SenCapito.
Or she can join two other GOP Senators and vote No and still keep Obamacare as well as her soul
That's a paper tiger. One state with Obamacare connected to 49 states with substandard care. Can't help but degrade AK health metrics.
So they can keep their doctors and their plans?
I'm begging @lisamurkowski to stand up & fight for country and not party. I can't believe she wants to be known as a shill who was bought.
Great, now let's just extend that to every state
Brilliant! Problem solved
Now lets get to work on Repealing and Replacing @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP and we'll be able to breathe again...
Atrocious!!!!
@lisamurkowski is a woman of integrity-not part of the "good ol white boy millionaires club"
Probably felt insulted by being offered a bribe
What the hell did I just read?
Another way for Alaska to keep Obamacare would be for @lisamurkowski to vote NO
"#Obamacare is so horrible for America that the only way we can pass our bill to destroy it is to let some states *keep* #Obamacare!" 
This is NOT negotiation. This is pure BRIBERY TO PUT PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY. ARRESTS NEED TO BE MADE NOW!
Your prayer to get it passed is that #alaska get to keep it to bribe a single vote. Perhaps the answer is in the solution.
Translation GOP are subsidizing / bribing those states because they need the votes in Congress & elections.
Please call it #ACA or Affordable Care Act - less controversial & more accurate
4 or 5 other states are getting the 2026 extension, States GOP needs to keep in the Red , the irony & hypocrisy are knee deep,make that neck
What. The. Fuck.
Seems Air Alaska shares are about to tank.  Nobody gunna wanna visit the Death State
Not only are the reds mostly inept, they're highly selfish. Go figure.
Is BRIBERY not ILLEGAL anymore? ARRESTS need to be made NOW
Wow! A state gets to make their own choice? Isn't that the definition of a republic?
Gee.... Should we screw the Kochs & Adelson out of their tax cuts, or just let them pour another billion down a rat hole in 2018?
