Don't speak for SC Lindsey. He's doing something you won't and that's take down the propaganda media, they're enemies to the country
Maybe you should do something about it
Stop feigning outrage and do something. Your party has embarassed this country long enough.
Thank you Senator Graham. No matter what side of the isle devides you. This is unacceptable for the office of president of the United States
He's MY President & I voted for him! Get used to it because 8 years is a long time!
@realDonaldTrump 
Stay Real!
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
Thank you Mr. Graham for not being afraid to tell trump when he is wrong. You've always being a stand up. Bravo!
"... and I still fully support you and will work to further your agenda."
OK, so be a leader; stop being complicit in the destruction of the dignity of POTUS and by extension the country. Bring other Repubs along!
Thanks Senator. As a Trump supporter I find his past tweet inappropriate
Thank you. It's difficult to come out and say something like that. I appreciate your honesty.
Yes, but his political agenda is far more dangerous than his thumbs after midnight.
Thank u Mr. Graham truly Embarrassing times right now he is serial beating Lady Liberty no one stops him. Disgraceful
You voted for this.
Actually, Graham did not vote for Trump. He voted for independent candidate, Evan McMullin.
He's supported every policy.
Has he?
Google is readily available.
Nominations aren't policies. Graham supported sanctions against Russia and mocked the border wall.
The GOP chose this. And they'll all own it when the bill comes. Good try though.
Oh for sure, but let's encourage courage in the GOP.
Thank you!
Yep it's sickening.  Mika's response was priceless though
Why do you and Grassley want the FISA records
Graham ? You dirty or did the president ask you to get them, that's Obstruction isn't it
At least @ him.
25th.
Then do everything to get him out of office before he does more damage to the country, its people and the environment.
I think you forgot something. Let me fix it for you... @realDonaldTrump. That's better. Now he knows how you feel. #awomansworkisneverdone.
Please lead your fellow Senators to act to remove this disgrace from our Presidency. It will not get better, only worse.
Can you do something about this guy already? His presence IN the office is beneath the office.
Thank you for saying this
That's great. Stop supporting him. Stop voting with him. You know he's bad for the country.
Too little, too late.
Agree, but you let this happen. You and the entire GOP own him. It's been clear from day 1 this man has no business being President.
You have got to do something ! I am a independent who has voted for both parties.  This man is unstable and dangerous !
2 scared to @ the prez.
Lindsey Graham talks out both sides of his mouth but only kisses out of one. Every time.
Look in the mirror old man.
Trump is a thug. A bully. Normal people do not say these things. He's destroying the US
Do your job. Stop this foolishness. Call it out for what it is. As a Southern gentleman and military officer do something!!
Shame on you Mr. Senator Graham. You have stood behind this imbecile you call president every step of the way. History is watching you.
Which tweet, Senator? If you are referring to the most recent, why have you waited so long to speak up??? Stop putting party before country.
What about Mikas comments, is that ok?
Evergreen tweet.
Which one? All of them?
Perhaps you should walk in the President's shoes
but then maybe you would not fit them
How's @FLOTUS anti bullying campaign going?
If Democrats are supposed to be the maternal state and the Republicans the paternal, why do you coddle him so much?
How about when he bragged about sexually assaulting women?  When he mocked a disabled reporter? Fat shamed a Miss Universe?
The line in the sand is always on the move with you Rs.  What offends you today will be forgotten tomorrow, so long as you stay in power.
Thanks for the reminder Never Forget
Do. Something.
People seem impressed with him standing up to Trump...via Twitter.  FFS...America is in so much trouble! 
Tired of these partisan political games. The longer this goes the more divided this country becomes, &GOP needs to stop their "fake news"
Stop chiding the idiot and FUCKING IMPEACH HIM.
BTW...the House impeaches not the Senate.  They hold the "trial".
No fucking shit!
You're a genius.  You told a Senator to impeach the President.  He doesn't have that power.  Learn more...curse less.
He is a senior figure in his party. He can show leadership by applying pressure to GOP House reps to support impeachment, douchetron.
He can then vote convict once the impeachment process reaches the Senate, you fucking colon polyp.
Sit down. Shut up. You're done for the day.
And yet there will be no consequences for the tweet.
no consequences? lolol really? The man is ripped apart 20 out of 24 hrs a day, EVERY DAY, EVERY SINGLE F ING DAY, who can take that heat? #L
People rightfully criticizing his atrocious behavior is not a serious consequence.
every single thing he does gets criticized, not just his behavior.  it’s never ending and it’s relentless and there is an agenda behind it.
That's because he deserves it.
He deserves a lot of of it, but he does not deserve all of this nonsense.  it’s completely unfair.
EVERY elected official faces this, Trump brings it on himself.  If he would just stop tweeting, and focus on his job....
there would be less for pol to criticize. Why does he worry so much about what ppl say? He shows his narcissist personality disorder...

Oh, Miss Clara Belle, let me pull my fainting couch closer, while I clutch my pearls, I do believe we agree on something.
Swoons to couch.
Lost the backbone since June. Too bad.
Carson is correct. Trump, AWESOME GIVEN  ATTACKS ON HIM!  WE LOVE HIM, PUT THERE BY GOD/ PEOPLE. SHUT UP BAD MOUTHING HIM.
Here is the greatness of Obama

Shut up Lindsay and continue licking @realDonaldTrump 's boots. This here and fro is unnerving. Limelight addicted? Don't put on a puppet show and have your talks with #diaperdonald privately. Just because you look like the former pope doesn't give you moral high-ground.
You didn't even @ him.
The one to be impeached is Lindsey Graham. He puts his personal animus of Donald Trump ahead of what is good for the United States.
Slug
oh please spare us your hyprocrocy Ms. Graham. Trying to kill Americans with bad insurance is what is wrong with you.
Thank you, sir...how very right you are!
I would retweet this, but the only Mr. President I acknowledge is NOT Trump aka the fake president.
So I guess it's DEM this week? I never know Sen. Graham. Or is it Lord of the Manor Graham...what are you trying to sound like? A feudal lord?

Thank you for speaking up, Mr. Graham, but your Randian healthcare bill still has me pretty pissed off.
thank you why does congress allow this president to treat others this way? He is nasty and hateful to everyone on a daily basis just awful

Lindsey you have lost all support back home with illegals taking all the jobs and you wanting to give amnesty,  This will be your last term
It took him this long to find one of Dickheads tweets beneath the office. Someone is a little S L O W.
What are you doing about it, sir?
It's good to visit old tweets time to time.
Most fascinating meeting I’ve been involved with in twenty plus years in politics.  

I very much appreciate @POTUS @realDonaldTrump attitude, demeanor…
ZIP IT GRAHAM, TRUMP IS THE PRESIDENT THE MAJORITY VOTED IN A LOVE HIM AND TWEETS!  U R Jealous Wanna Be Pres.
Support our President.
Lindsey.. U'll go on vacation but should stay, shut up & help with the Trump adgenda #MAGA
one liberian flag
Where's all these flag tweetin rules at ?
Thank you senator graham . Please do something about it to save our country
When one is attacked wrongly, does he not have the right, indeed obligation, to respond? You're wrong, again, Mr Graham.
You will all get your wish when the baby boomers are gone.  You'll find out when the purple who actually worked are not there to support you
I'm not fond of his tweeting when they include this type of content but Mr. Graham, the dignity of the office was lost many moons ago!
"Mentally Ill" "Thug" "Goon" "His Daughter Jacks Him Off" is the vile slanderous material that parades itself as journalism & news.
BRAVO!  You have to impeach this terrible person!
Because he can still hold a pen to sign off on your appallinging damaging agenda.
Nice but you must have the strength, courage and moral fortitude to actually DO something about DJT. Save America! Please. #25AmmendmentNow
So much for this tweet, as he continued today and most likely tomorrow.  Our POTUS reads National Enquirer what do other leaders read ??
I did not see you utter the same venom to Clinton or Obama for worst things they did...
Well that didn't work
.@LindseyGrahamSC His tweet was on his personal account. Not POTUS had nothing to do with office or American people
So, what are you doing to start the process of removing him? Because the internet has a great memory, it will cost the GOP in 2018
5...falls not in sudden movements but by sins of neglect. YOUR neglect. One party rule is not democratic, and one party rule under ...
Need to do more than this! Stand up to him stop letting him make you all the party of misogyny. Stand up for this country! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
...but I'll sign that bullshit taxcuthealthcut bill that you're so crazy about.
@realDonaldTrump do not trust you with my info.  There is something seriously wrong with you.
This was one of the few tweets you have done that I am proud of as your constituent. Thank you, sir!

Fool
I don't remember you bashing Obama's World Apology (Bash America) Tour as un-Presidential.  somewhat selective aren't you?
And your tweet is nothing more than a typical response from the swamp!

Either back the @POTUS or back off...
For the love of God Lindsey just come out. No one cares!! Don't prop up Trump! Protect your legacy.
You're what's wrong w/ American politics America needs term limits now #TermLimits
Patrick and Lance.  Great way to stay on point.
And this was honoring president office
Jesus. You think?  Everything about him demeans the office and the party. I'm switching in 2018.
You wouldn't know greatness if it hit you in the face.
Yes keep criticizing.  It will be remembered
This could be sent almost every time he tweets!!
Mr. Senator, Its beneath you to continue your Self Righteous Tone & that type of arrogance is what's wrong with American Politics
He is, in fact, a disgrace. Nice of you to speak up, but the GOP are showing the world that they have non interest in ethics or morals.
No way this is going to happen if I was being picked on iPick  back to he had every right trump 2020
Shut Up LGSC "We The People R The New Fed's" & U Have corrupted & obstructed the agenda of the office We have our ion ALL.
Closet.
Nobody cares what you think
Get something done doing your job !!
At some point during the next 8 years you will be up for reelection and we will remember your failure to support #POTUS.
You & other Repubs need 2 stop with criticism. Your pathetic attempts 2 give yourselves cover not foolx People. You only give aid 2 the left
Tell the media to stop being so left and biased!!!!
Your Tweets are a waste of time.  STOP VOTING WITH him.
Try lookin in the mirror good sir
You are what is wrong. You are not great in any way. Your principles are none existent.
@ him tho
Sen Graham: then please stand up to him and do your job.
Don't blame politics. Trump's been horrible for decades.
With all due respect, Senator Graham, it's up to you and other members of the GOP to STOP this nonsense. Start impeachment. Unfit president.
Wrong with American politics?! What is wrong with HIM!
Collins, You and McCain are what is wrong with politics.  Shut up and get behind Mr. Trump, because he is for the people.
Says the man who could not even carry his own state.
Wrong Sen. Graham, we elected @realDonaldTrump  to fight the entire deep state.
If you and the rest of the #RINOS had the balls to stand up for this administration maybe he wouldn't have to tweet as much.
Please help talk sense into POTUS
You are despicable! Shame on you betraying your - our President! You're not God almighty-remember!
Maybe Mika's should have been staying home to let her face heal rather then have Trump worry.over the condition of a guest? Just facts.
GO Trump! We the American people voted him in. We are tired of the FAKE NEWS! Support our president or resign.
Mr. Graham, this tweet wasn't about politics.  It was personal and it was mean. He is an immature man baby.  Please stop him!
behavior and demand an opology.Make it clear to the President and all members of Congress, that we expect professional conduct from you all.
Grow a set & do something about it Lindsey. The power is in your hands.  Remove him!
@realdonaldtrump He is not worthy of the office he holds. He has exposed himself as being trayf.
Just watched @realDonaldTrump WWF video. What will it take for all of you to get him out!!! Pence is certainly a better option!!!
Lindsey you are so good with words Actions not so much unless we count your recent actions with Grassley to undercut FBI
You should take that statement and turn it around and apply it to yourself.  The shoe fits perfectly.
A little sanctimonious from someone who won't even direct your condescending speech to its intended recipient.Very weasel-like.Pray for help
And yet, still he tweets...
Lindsey Graham how long have you been suckling on crooked Muslim brotherhood Obama
carry your own State. But the your constituents want to hear your demoralizing better men than you.
When are you people going to remove this dangerous man?
Better than beneath the desk, like you.
POTUS TRUMP dares to speak his mind and you are not.  That's why HE is The President.
So your President takes Putin at his word that they did not interfere in our election. You are going to let that stand?? #CountryOverParty
@LindseyGrahamSC keeps giving libs ammo against @POTUS NEWSFLASH: no one cares, you old F@RT. Your constituency are dropping like flies
What's wrong with politics is honesty; honoring promises N putting Americans 1st. That's rare these days. And honest journalism. Not FAKE!
It seems the only time you tweet regarding our president @realDonaldTrump is when you go against him.  You do not represent true America
You left out "...so shut up so we can strip healthcare from the needy and give our patrons tax cuts."
Mr. Graham with all due respect, you're missing the point. @POTUS tweets are refreshing & the people feel a real connect with 1 of their own
American politics for far too long determined what America's greatness was supposed to be. Now it's the American people who make greatness
YOU are what's wrong with American politics.
Not much longer though ....
{1/3} Hussein O's membership in DownLo Club & spying on @realDonaldTrump team IS WHAT'S BENEATH THE OFFICE #ObamaGate
Mr. Graham you must know that you are on all our bad lists. That includes your friend Mr. McCain.  We will vote you out.

Sen Graham, I appreciate your tweet, but action should be taken to remove this unfit and unhinged man. He is destroying Americas leadership
You sir are a child molester that will go straight to prison very very soon.
It represents what you and your pals endorsed to be the face of this country.
Your past tweet has never been truer.
Have u seen his latest? re cnn fight? how long r u guys going to let this buffoon humiliate the country?
Lindsey, we need you to get back to that guy who was telling us the truth about what a con man Trump is/ was.  Please start calling him out!
You and your ilk are what's wrong with Republicans in DC: no team spirit. It's not a game for wild ducks, join the flock and kick some ass.
mr graham your betrayal to president trump is beneath the office taxpayers are paying you for
And yet you endorsed him and voted for him b/c you could vote for Hillary. Hope you feel better when Japan, Korea, Alaska and 100s of ..,
For years, the media has run down you and the Rep. party.  Final someone stands up and what do you do. Coward
Evergreen tweet. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
You should just set this up for auto retweet on a daily basis
Where was ur tweet when Kathy Griffin did the severed head? Where was ur tweet when the 5 nude statues of Trump went up? 
what about Barron?
Were you lecturing Obama about bringing Big Bird into American politics?
you rhinos are the problem in DC I hope you all get voted out.
l don't care about his tweets what l care about is being able to get healthcare coverage after having lost it.U do not care
Lindsay Graham, not that you would understand, but, Pres Trump IS NOT A SNOB & in touch with REAL Americans!
Where is the outrage for Obama? He committed REAL crimes that got people killed. But then I guess you Probably know that.
Stop talking and DO something about it. Words without action are worthless.
Lindsey, you are a Democrat. The left is calling... #MAGA
Can you please fill this out to support your feelings of #butthurt  kthanxbai
Let Joe, and Mika rip you 24 hours a day, see if u like it? U have never been for Trump. U r what is wrong with politics.
