You just can't get the politics out of what you are doing down there. All arguments against Gorsuch fall flat. Call it what it is...spite
URGENT! 1st House Seat #election TUES in Kansas4th In state or not #Resistance DONATE, PHONE BANK, DRIVE VOTE! 2018 is now! #EverySeatCounts
one day you'll tell #NH the truth!  #ClimateChange #TrumpRussia #Keep_lan #Save2500yr #KeepDr #nhpolitics #Gorsuch #partisan
Let's all hope Senator Shaheen recovers from this severe case of amnesia quickly.
Oh you mean when GOP filibuster Obama's choice amd the Dems wanted to do what you are doing.  Didnt you argue that it was wrong then too?
The GOP never filibustered an Obama Supreme Court nominee.

You are not representing your constituents. What happened to your commitment to work across the aisle?  Disappointing
Pathetic post.  What color will u wear to protest?  Purple?  Pathetic
your party changed the rules ...short memory you have Jeanne. Stop being so angry ...
Nuclear Option is 100% McConnell's and republican's fault. Mitch defied his constitutional duty with regard to Garland. MAGA! IMPEACH MITCH!
And your "statement" reeks of hypocrisy! Why weren't you saying these things when Reid did the same thing?
No. You reserve that distinction for @POTUS
You can call and thank Harry Reid!
Are you intentionally being ignorant or lying? Dems created and used the Nuclear option in 2013. This is bullshit.
Judge Gorsuch is a constitutionalist. That is what we need in the SC. It is what made America great. I support him.
I believe the Dems and good old Harry started us down this path.
Guess what? He will be confirmed tomorrow and you lose, again. Democrats changed the way it is done. Sucks when it bites you in the ass huh
Wow! Really? It's not unprecedented.Dems used this tactic 1st & just a short time ago. You insult the American people when you spout lies.
Not for the Supreme Court - not spouting lies
Thank you @SenatorShaheen for making this vote possible by voting FOR the Reid rule change in 2013.
Root Cause of #USADemocracy eroding is #PartisanshipCancer.  #USADeserve all of us to ELIMINATE this Cancer.
The rules were changed 4 years ago by Harry Reid. Do you not pay attention to what goes on in the Senate? Isn't that what we pay you for?
Thank you, Senator, for continuing to fight for my rights, and those of all Americans. You are a credit to your office.
BUt Blowing up to rules to flood the Federal courts with Obama appointees was fine with you? --YOU HYPPOCRITE!
http://punditpete.blogspot.com/2017/04/patriot-pete-sends-message-to-senate-on.html …
Well, you failed NH and America! gave in to hate and you have now killed your own political party by fulfilling Reid's start. please quit
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for standing up for us.  The GOP shows that it does not represent the American people, only special interests.  #RESISTANCE
- Most Republicans have no respect for America's Constitution & care even less about people living here. The KKK is doing well, I hear!
The GOP can't accomplish anything without breaking rules & outside money.  Last gasp for power.  GOP is a DEAD PARTY.
Silly boy, it's the democrats that used this rule first
Democrats changed the rules in 2013 not republicans. Must be nice to have such a great selective memory. #lyingleft
Once again you are hypocritical and misleading, it was democrats that started both filibuster and nuclear option for the judiciary!
Thank you Jeanne, you make NH proud! Keep fighting for us!
Thank you @SenatorShaheen
Am. Govt. 101, no need for 60 votes - Justices Alito & Thomas both  sitting gained seats with simple majority as the Constitution allows
You libtards have just the shortest, most myopic memories.  Ok for you to do, but not Conservatives.
Disingenuous and hypocritical comment.  Your reap what Harry Reid sowed.  And you would be unhappy with any judge @POTUS would select.
Well we are getting WASHINGTON WORKING AGAIN.. THANKS TO "DINGY" HARRY REID.. WHO PUT IN THE #NuclearOption
MY STATEMENT:45 senate democrats already gave him the ok in 2006 get over it & YOUR STATEMENT IS RACIST.. NOT CONSTITUTIONAL
you all brought this upon the country with your childish behaviour. It's about time Democrat learns personal responsibility
Such hypocrisy. Funny how it was OK for Senator Reid and Democrats to force the #NuclearOption but not Republicans.
.Ha Ha  the DemoRATS are so irrevalant all you have is rage.  You, nutty @NancyPelosi and crying lying @chuckschumer all say the same thing
wasn't it Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid’s decision to use the nuclear option in 2013 that changed Senate rules? Oh Snap!
Go find chucky schumer and have a good cry.
DC clowns amaze me. Harry Reid changes the rules genius. Never before has there been a filibuster to block a SCOTUS nominee. You are a liar.
too late you went along with the Harry Reid option.
dirty harry reid, a democrat, created the nuclear option. Your party has become fascist liars party.
Remember that, "Elections have consequences" thing that Obama said. Cry baby cry.
Should have said something when Harry Reid used the nuclear option in 2015 then, huh? You were warned...
we are tired of your demonizing people.
this is a sad day for usa.what can you as senators do to correct this. My gosh this is not democracy but dictatorship!
A dictatorship of the majority? Hmmm...
agreed cause they did not have 60 and gop@did not all back him so there should b new nominee there must b others qualified!
So where were you and all this outrage when harry Reid did the same thing @SenatorShaheen? Its only outrage when the other guy does it!
Now is the time to jam HR676 Medicare for all single payer down their throats
did he or did he not say that he believed in the rule of precedent, if so why does he not refuse to accept the nuclear option...
I support your position. Thank you.
reid changed the rules!Payback!
Yeah, sure. Like another Ginsburg, Breyer, or the like. We believe you--hahahaha.
TO QUOTE  OBAMA TRY WINNING ELECTIONS EVEN IF DemocRats ARE A REGIONAL PARTY 
Guess voters will have opportunity to show Republicans 'nuclear voting' when we go to the polls next.
You are honorable and perhaps believe what you say but honestly we both know this was "tit for tat" - We the People lost today!
Please Jeanne @SenSchumer  dreamt up 60 vote back when George W Bush was POTUS then Reid blew it up blame dingy Harry Reid back to 200+ yr
lol keep being pathetic #Hypocrites that u r! More losses to come!
Your Statement sucks.

This type of dishonest and divisive rhetoric continues to reap huge DNC political losses.  Keep up the great work. Thank you - The GOP
suck it up.  Thank Harry Reid.
The same is Democrats using the first filibuster on a qualified judge because they have hurt feelings!
the left did the same to Bush with his SCOTUS pick.  and u can thank Reid for the use of #ReidOption
Feeling hopeless again today about @GOP and the fact that 1/3 of Americans seem to want this disaster.  It's difficult to understand!!
Blame Harry Reid and quit whining. Remember what dear leader said "elections have consequences".
Didn't Clarence Thomas get a straight majority vote? 52-48. No 60 votes. Dems did this current change in 2013 not republicans. Harry Ried!
You are right
Don't like it? Then vote on his abilities and not partisan politics or revenge. #confirmgorsuch
If you voted to confirm this would not have happened. It's YOUR fault.
@SenatorHassan The house and Senate have become so divided it's toxic! NH voters we have the power to enact term limits It's called voting.
Name some of these rights Senators.  Hollow rhetoric amounts to lies.  We have come to expect it from the Dems.  Every post creates GOP vote
@public Did Dems invoke the nuclear option inre judges for lower courts? If so, what's the real problem inre nukeopt SCOTUS?
This is -45 recommendations to help clear his dirty name legally and to expand corporate takeover of govt. Does Gorsuch have any Russian $$?
#Vote ALL @HouseGOP @SenateGOP out office! #FedUp
I agree!
Not to worry we can just change it back in 2019 after the senate flips
The only way GOP to win at anything is to cheat by changing rules of game.
The rules were changed by Reed, typically SCJ is an up and down vote
Sen Shaheen is a pathological liar.
The GOP does not care.
YOU SHOULD EDUCATE YOURSELF NOW THE SENATE IS THE WAY IT SHOULD BE. DEMOCRATS CHANGED RULES IN 2003 STILL CAN'T WIN

And so was your candidate while she ran!!
Thanks, Harry!
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
