So what's up with this? CO voters trust you to watch out for people over corporations, not help take more sick folks' $$$
GOP just want ppl to die so they can steal the money. Dont be fooled by these satanic republicans.
.@SenBennetCO Voting in favor of lowering prescription costs instead of in favor of big pharma would def help us Coloradans' health!
+ citing the "safety sanctions" excuse w @CoryBooker is total baloney and anyone marginally poli-literate can see through that
embarrassed & disappointed you placed CO on the list of 13 big pharma Dem sellouts who killed @SenSanders' amendment this am
very disappointed in your "no" vote on importing cheaper rx.
VERY LITTLE can be saved-IT is a Travesty!  You support a B-S issue...OBAMA "legacy" going down in flames cause it WASNT good!
.@SenBennetCO Can you stop blowing smoke up your voters asses just for a moment to explain why you voted AGAINST lower drug prices? #DemExit
Why did you vote against lower drug prices?
why vote NO on reducing prescription drug costs? Saying one thing and doing another isn't a good look with primaries coming!
nice post on ACA, but what about Bernie's efforts re big pharma? Did their $390k bear on your decision not to support him?
That's RICH of you to talk about conflicts when you make $ from the pharmaceutical industry to vote their way with @SenateGOP
Why did you vote with Republicans to disallow import of cheaper drugs from Canada?
fixing the aca would start with the pharma import bill? the money big pharma was giving you was too much to vote for it?
I'm confused why you Nay'ed the bill that would serve to lower RX drugs cost? Someone, please advise. #HealthCareForAll
Follow the money and you follow his votes. Not working for the people.
We will find Dems that will vote for the people and not big pharma that fills your pockets.
Why vote against lowering drug costs? Even some Rs crossed the aisle to vote for it. If the Dems can't vote for the people?
why did u vote against Sen Sanders amendment?Oh right Big Pharma gave u 396k. Got it
we must fix this! @SenCoryGardner is not fit to represent the state of Colorado
we did not necessarily need a replacement. We need additions, amendments. Parallel constructs/bills to empower cheep healthcare
I'm usually with you, but *very disappointed that you voted against the Canadian drug import.
why did we volunteer/donate for your reelection if you're not going  to represent progressive ideals?
Obamacare FAILED me. I'm making it a top priority 2 be your WORST nightmare 4 voting against @SenSanders bill 4 AFFORDABLE Rx.
You lost my vote in 2022.
What a difference just a few days make. If you were serious about protecting constituents, you didn't vote that way late last night.
I'm for the ACA, but why vote nay on sanders bill to import Rx???
your no vote this morning was disgusting. You accept 400k from big pharma and forgot who you work for.

So sick of the lot of you. Meds made in Canada are 100% safe & u know it. Enjoy your taxpayer funded healthcare and pharma $$.
oh, now I get it:
Why did you vote against Amdt.178 on Con.Res.3? The people of Colorado deserve an answer!
totally support you!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wV1C_AbCHIc …

'Member this?  I 'member.  Stop voting for the Pharmaceutical industry.
Thank you for continuing to stand up to the incoming administration. I wish you the best of luck.
why did you vote against @SenSanders bill that would've decreased prescription drug costs? Quit being a shill for Big Pharma!
how on earth can you tweet this and cast your vote at 1AM this morning? you are a joke @SenBennetCO
you didn't work to give coloradans cheaper medicine last night, so are you just an insurance salesman then @SenBennetCO
yet you voted against importing prescription drugs to lower prices for consumers #pharmashill
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/818862195417104385 … (Ranked 2nd for Jan 10.)
fix ACA by lowering costs & removing mandate penalty

Prices are braking my back and my bank!
preach it
NO VOTE ON REX ,NOT QUALIFIED TO SERVE . THANK YOU .
Thank you for fighting for the people of Colorado!
please do not repeal. It's saving my life. No on Sessions please. Continue to do what's right
push for #universalhealthcare . Time to be a real #Progressive .
I have been calling @SenCoryGardner every. Dang. Day. Saying the same thing.
my $21,600 a year premium is not "affordable" care #ACA
you really need to take the "A"  out off the #ACA -tripling my cost to pay for two others is not "A" for my family
Agreed. Fix it please.Bi-partisan. VA Hospital in Denver is big govt run amok. Work w/Gardner. We do better as a team!
@SenCoryGardner I have healthcare background. ACA is disaster. Repeal &Replace!
@SenCoryGardner Yes on Sessions! Repeal and replace ACA. Listen to @RandPaul. Wisdom!
yes on Sessions!
please repeal and replace. Rand Paul has the right idea.
Yes, get more Senators to do their job with you! DO NOT repeal the ACA with no plan. That would be STUPID!
vote against Sessions!!!!!
no on Sessions!
no repeal w/o replacement. Many will lose coverage & needed health care. Hospitals will suffer financially... impacts everyone.
NO VOTE ON JEFF SESSIONS SEN .NUFF SAID .
apparently  you like others on the left have no clue what this peice of crap legislation is doing to people.
What we have no clue about is what the GOP wants to replace ACA with. You don't sell your house before you have a new place to move into.
wholeheartedly agree & NO confirmation hearings until ALL nominees submit ALL required paperwork,  especially ethics review
My Dr. would want to "repeal" gangrene in my leg before "replacing" the lost tissue. Stop ACA disease, then heal the wounds.
Thank You for standing up & speaking out, Sir! Your voice & courage are necessary & much appreciated! We have your back!
The ACA did not go far enough in providing health care for all Americans.  Repeal and replace would be a giant step backwards
please!
Thank you, Senator!  ACA is literally saving my life.
- Right on! Now vote AGAINST JeffSessions at all costs. Will CoryGardner listen if we contact him? Voted 4U, don't let us 
down
Jeff Sessions is a fine man! Honorable, integrity, believe in law.
I want to repeal Obama care.  Make it a free market. Also stop being a spineless coward and makes big changes.
why have you waited to fix the care act? Its been flawed since inception.
keep fighting the repeal. Unless they have a good alternative in place repealing ACA would be a disaster.
I don't want to govt telling me how to live my life. Also removed the minimum wage, that law makes it harder to enter a job.
I don't fucking care about aca. 16mil of the 20 mil on aca are on midicare. I'm on colorado care aways.
thank you sir for your rationality.
Thanks for standing up for us! We need your leadership in the Senate!
Thank you for speaking up to protect our health insurance Senator Bennet!! 
@CoryGardner I'm with Sen Bennet!
Keep fighting the good fight. So many people depend on the changes that were made by the ACA.
Thank you! Maybe we could all get that good plan you guys have?
Yes, improve it don't repeal it.
What are your proposed remedies and why has it taken you so long to propose them?
You have to repeal it to find out how to fix it.

