Stop with the nonsense. You had 8 years to get it right.. T just gave you 6 months.. stop complaining and start working. #coloradoiswatching
What is cruel #SenBennetCO is people in Congress who betray American Citizens by protecting and serving the ilegal aliens over Americans-SAD
It is sickening to watch this lying traitor rip our country apart. Protect our #DacaDreamers who have shown so much more integrity than 45.
Good to know Colorado still has one senator that represents our values.

@SenCoryGardner is just Trump's rubber stamp.
What values 
For one thing, that children should not be punished for the actions of their parents.  

They're called morals.
Jerk you know has audios of sig int. Comm int. Drones and 3 murders Bennett has Cory Gardner and hickemlopper
You mean because he wants you to write an actual law. Sence DACA, isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/905091810317492224 … (Ranked 2nd for Sep 5.)
if Congress wasn't so inept, situations like this would not exist. Do your job!! 6 months
What can we do to protect Dreamers Senator?
Yes you all made this mess not Trump not fix it right Bennett

They shouldn't have been here in the first place. I really hope somebody in the political world starts impeachment processes on you sir!
Do your job. Trump was left a mess by Obama's illegal, unconstitutional action and you know it.
Admin stating DACA was abuse of exec power (unconst.) Congress can and must act to fix it. I hope you can do your job!
Wrong sir you all broke the law not Trump !!! Fix this mess Americans first 
The legislation has been written for you to go against it it is a treasonous Act it's time to impeach Bennett
What about American Dreamers who are being shut out by jobs and resources being taken by DACA Dreamers?
If you come here LEGALLY than I have no problem with immigration.  Coming here ILLEGALLY, yes. There IS a problem.
Blame Obama for DACA! Congress for not acting! All Trump is doing is putting the burden of solving the problem back on congress. Right to do
They made the mess  now fix it for sure
I watched you on CSPAN, thank you.
Knee jerk ideology is not governing. Time for Equal Branch Congress to send over veto proof bill to exec.
You give Trump too much credit for his decision. If Obama's name is on it, he will try to get rid of it. Simple Racism 101!
Can you convince the other senator from Colorado?  Right now, his cold cold heart says they need to go 
No they have priority in schools, cheaper tuition and free medical care when they are not even legal.  Why do you fight for them and not US?
You're wrong Mike
Thank you @SenBennetCO for your support of #DACA. Please keep fighting for these young people!
Versus trying to score political points by refusing to enforce the law?
Its not your job to defend criminals.  You were elected to defend U.S. citizens. If you cant do your job because of your beliefs then resign
Dreamers, what a joke nothing more than the child of an illegal immigrant #anchor baby
Don't blame @potus for enforcing Constitutional law--blame parents for ignoring them.
Disagree! Get to work and pass immigration reform.
African American unemployment at 20 year low, youth unemployment lowest since 1969. Total rate at 4.4. Directly due to lower illegal im rate
Thank you for your moral leadership. Now it is time for legislation to permanently protect #DACA recipients.
Thank you Senator. Rescinding this is cruel & makes no economic sense. Congress must do right by #DACA recipients.
So the rule is break the law, you have a heart, follow the law and you have no compassion? Does that work for all laws?
It's time to pass bill S 1615 to protect Dreamers, Senator. 81133 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615 … #DreamAct
If this is so cruel, why didn't you make it a law? You have had years, quit obstructing and get to work.
Ya Senator Bennet
How are families broken up if their parents also came illegally?
Are you going to convince @SenCoryGardner to do the right thing?
45 is also creating PTSD in these innocent people.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Waaaaaaa
Matthew 25
Yup Obama shouldn't have broken the Law!
Well Sen. Time for you to get busy and resolve this you know better the president cant right laws now get to work
Thank you for standing up for #DREAMers. Congress needs to make this right.
So can Congress fix this?
Time to get busy and get some legislation passed. 80863
Thank you Senator Bennet - @SenCoryGardner, how about you make a stance and defend our friends, neighbors, co-workers and residents
You're a tool! Democrats are the only ones attempting to score political points.
44 signed the EO because you could not do anything get off your duff and pass a law stop relying on EOs to do your job
The gov't being over 40% of GDP is the height of cruelty as it basically makes us your slaves. Your office is bought and paid for by the DNC
So tell other lawmakers to make it a real law idiot. Not just an overstepping executive order. It's what lawmakers do. How it should be
Nothing about worker's rights?!
What fucking rights do they need?
Yesterday was Labor Day. You got the day off because of laborers fighting for rights.
Pretty arrogant to assume I got the day off! I'm a producer not a clock puncher or government slob! People are broke because they're lazy!
And that's why you need worker's rights!
They've got plenty protection. U can be lazy, incompatent, stupid, insubordinate&there are no real consequences. Pay, fired, collect- repeat
U defend the families of DACA, but U refuse 2 help families when Government Entities break the law & separate them,(something wrongs)
When proposing new laws,what assurances can Congress give that newlaws wouldbe enforced any better than oldones, pretty much ignored foryrs.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for standing up for #Dreamers . Please pass legislation to permanently protect #DACA recipients
Face real prob.  Government must pass new law or start enforcing the old ones. Whatever the law is, it should be enforced or no ruleoflaw.
Wrong again Mike....Obama DHS effort to ignore immigration law was illegal & cruel. You own it Dems! You created false hopes for #Dreamers
How illegal??!
This is on YOU and Congress.  Not up to president to rule by edict. You want DACA, YOU have the power.  Up to YOU to put it in law, or not.
Stop blaming people for following the actual law.  If you in gov won't follow your own laws, why should any ordinary citizen?
you have 6 months. time is ticking. #DefendDACA
The clock is ticking faster and faster makes you go round and round
Please do *everything* in your power to #DefendDACA. DACA recipients, 91% of whom are employed, are what make America great.
Well time for  Bennett to earn his 176000 dollar a year salary dont you think
Now is up to CONGRESS, the body with constitutional authority to pass new law. Don't like old law, want to keep DACA kids, YOU DO IT!
Please do all you can to help Dreamers and get that crazyman out of office!! #DefendDREAMers #Impeach45
NO!! The cruelty is on parents who broke law and past admins and congresses who let them.  Obama said himself DACA was temporary.
My father, son of a Dreamer, won a Nobel Prize in Physics.  Where would we be today without our Dreamers?
Time Mr. Bennett to earn his 176000 dollar a year salary don't you think instead of obstructing
Do your best to help the Dreamers and put a stop to this evil administration.
No administration not evil whats inhumane is not solving this daca issue bennet needs to earn his 176000 dollar a year salary don't think
You're white and liberal we get it you want cheap labor we don't need your statement
I think much more cruelty in DJT than we can imagine. He continues to surprise & distract fr Russia while GOP chosen to support & collude.
Thank you for your work Senator Bennet..You are great
Cruelty is the 6 plus years that you have been in the #Senate and accomplished nothing for immigration reform. #Get2Work #COPolitics
We are literally watching Hitler come to power!
