Thank you Senator. It is time to #killthebill. 20 hrs of debate isn't going to cut it. Let's stop the @GOP everyone!!
Medicare4ALL IS THE WAY!

Go 4 it! @SenBennetCO
Actually, it's not.
Apparently. I'd rather not see the end to innovation, quality, and efficiency. Markets are our friend.
Why would Medicare for All threaten innovation, quality and efficiency?
Efficiency: 'cause ... its the government
I'd like to continue this debate.  Are you in?  If so, may I ask: what is your area of expertise/experience generally?  What evidence and...
sources do you respect?  What would convince you that M4A is a viable solution?  My expertise/interest/experience is 25 yrs providing HC...
...for varied sources of $ incl. MC. Post. Grad degree incl. research courses. Admin. experience. And of course experience as a pt.
Now is the time to debate and make changes
Dear @SenBennetCO, thank you for all your work and support! But what can we do about Cory Gardner? We call him every day. He doesn't listen
Do your job. Help fix the problems and stop being a political hack.
Thanks for standing up for our rights to medical care regardless of our social economic background - gender - or race!!
Thanks for speaking up and walking the talk

Neither is tacit work 2ward single-payor system 2 create 1 more federal mismanagement blackhole 2 join medicaid/medicare/social security.
You should be ashamed of yourself. Again you handed over the reigns to the health insurance companies to stick it to Americans.
I am just about ready to sell my retirement properties in Colorado if only they would gain some of there value back. Not likely gonna happen
Thank you.. Keep up the fight! @SenCoryGardner your gonna be out!
This is the way to start fresh on a bipartisan basis. The Republicans are not the bad guys here. All of congress are guilty. Get to work.
Bill is not passed/complete. Work toward a bipartisan solution with your colleagues and drop the political posturing.
He has. He and Corryn have a bipartisan fix to Ocare. Why isn't it being heard? Ask McConnell.
Thank you!!!!! At least you stand for CO. @SenCoryGardner does not. Colorado will vote him out, and vote to keep you!
You do realize this guy co sponsored O care, has presented no legislation over the past 5+ years to address issues, is exempt from it -
and since 07 has generated a net worth of 14 million - you were aware of all this before you posted this reply right?
His vote has a direct influence in my life, my ability to have access to health care. That's all I care about. Gardner won't even meet w us.
Preach, sister!
Fair enough and I respect your thoughts. Check this out tho - good resource and might change your mind
Yeah, not making your case. The numbers are not in your favor. Ya can't cut Medicaid and not expect ppl to die.
Yeah, I read it for a few minutes, laughed, and didn't bother to finish. It's awful.
Thank you senator!
Then get involved Mr Bennett!  BTW when the law was implemented the Dems approach was worse. I'm. Rep that voted for you. Stop obstructing
From the hack who passed & lied about the disastrous NObamacare law. #zerocredibility
Thank you for representing the interests of the people of Colorado!
Thank you from #Colorado !!!
Can you get Senator Gardner to listen to us here in Colorado? Please don't gut Medicaid! Many disabled children here in CO need it.
Thank you Sen! We love you! You don't get it right every time, and you listen and work hard for us. I wouldn't  trade you for anything.
No it isn't.doesn't need to be this way.But when one party,yours,wants to fix the system,the other party of @SenCoryGardner does not care
Wait a minute.  Isn't the reason the system needs to be fixed because the Dems mucked it up?  Now they have all the answers to fix it.
No. What we have now is  better than when the ins.companies were in charge. No lifetime caps. Preexisting conditions ok, annual 
Max. Etc
Right.The Dems mucked it up?Its was becoming unsustainable for yrs.Dems are only ones that actually want a fix.R's aren't serious about it
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for continuing to stand up for me and my family!
Where are your amendments?? Chris @ChrisMurphyCT has 100 as just said on @maddow. Calling in to local TV?? Make it happen!!!!
Thank you, as this devastates mental health care coverage.
Fight on with all you've got! We are with you!!! Thank you for your leadership! Shame on @SenCoryGardner
Oh please Bennet. You voted in AND let ocare fail! YOU FAILED! So pitch a fit now. Need a coloring book?
Proud 2 have moved from TX to CO this year where there is 1 reasonable senator -soon to be 2 when we vote @CoryGardner the hell out #RESIST
Confused that you accept Big Pharma money. Wish you had been this impassioned when given the opportunity to reduce drug prices.
It's NOT healthcare. We're not stupid. Single payer. Say it.
I'll say it. Single payer.
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting the good fight for Coloradans.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for putting up a good fight on behalf of Coloradans #keepitup
@realDonaldTrump lied to the American People-it's what he does best
Thankfully someone in CO will stand up for us. Shameful that @GOP would rather line the pockets of the rich than take care is US citizens
I am so proud of you @SenBennetCO! Thank you for standing up for us. 
You had 7 years to fix the known problems with #Obamacare  what did you do ???? No speeches ?
Thank you for standing firm in your resistance to this asinine bill and McConnell's shameful manipulations.
@SenBennetCO thank you. You rock.
To. Hell with you. Bennet
Whoo-hooo!! Keep going @SenBennetCO !
Keep fighting!   We're counting on you Senator!
Thank YOU Senator Bennet!!!
Thank you Sen. Bennet.
Thanks for representing the people of Colorado. I'm very worried for the future of HCBS services for adults with developmental disabilities!
Keep fighting for us!  Thank you!
Republicans have never once had any intention of actually trying to fix health care. It's long past time people realized that.
PLEASE do everything you can!! The will of the people is not to collapse the insurance market, throw 1000s off coverage, damage CO's econ!!
Clown show, bro. Put up your solution on your website for all to see. What do you actually know? The bill you cosponsored is a disaster.
Thank you, Senator for fighting for those who may die without the ACA.
Repeal is way to fix something introduced that broke it.
Not happy, Michael. Lost a vote from me.
But Trump didn't know "healthcare is hard". Everyone else knew, but apparently he was too stupid to know this. #killthebilldontkillus @potus
All true.  Keep speaking out.
the GOP is going to Screw all on healthcare you watch the Men are Evil
Want to fix this? Stop preaching to the choir. We already know what you think. Want votes? Get a Repub to change their vote. Talk to them!
why do you give this moron press?  If the ACA was so good, why is it broken after really only 3 years?  He's a HACK that none of you vetted
Free Market Healthcare for all! Create jobs, competition, innovation, and lower prices. The government can't change and update like free ppl
From the US Citizens...QUIT WASTING OUR TAX DOLLARS
Senator, please start fighting immediately to waive your exemption from current healthcare policy.
Thank you Mr Bennet for standing up and being the voice of Coloradans!! Keep it up!!

Thank you Senator.
Thanks Senator Bennet.  We appreciate you here in Palisade.
Please keep fighting like hell against these multiple terrible bills!
