I guess you need votes. Sounds like you're willing to help them more then vets and other U. S citizens.maybe its time for you to go
That's unfair. Clearly Senator Bennet cares about all Colorado's citizens, including veterans and children. DACA is an issue before us today
No, it's not an issue. #endDACA NOW!  It's simple, never reward criminal behavior!
How is a 2 year-old kid a criminal if their parent accepts a job with a construction company in Kansas City?
These illegal alien parents bet that their criminal actions would benefit their children. That is wrong on so many level.
How is trying to make the lives of your children better than yours wrong?
Grammer check?  I'm not following.
The undocumented immigrants trying to better their lives, and their kids lives - I can understand that. I don't think it's "wrong".
"Deserve" to be in this country?  Um, no!   They came here ILLEGALLY, jumping the line in front of others waiting YEARS to come legally.
think of the good you could do if you considered helping vets as much as you do for illegals. Maybe fight for those who fought for you!
Bull dust !
Thank you, Senator Michael. We appreciate your support and we are hopeful that our government can find a permanent solution for us DREAMERs.
not all are good though, they suck the state of Nevada dry, and if no Spanish no job here. Car accidents sue for money yes they do and win
Get with Americans First or get out !!!!
Why didn't the Dems pass immigration reform when you had a super majority under @BarackObama? No one to blame, but yourself.
Deserve? Why? 
Why are natural born and legal immigrant American Citizens held hostage to poor judgment by foreign national parents?
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/906600468067078144 … (Ranked 1st for Sep 9.)
Then do your job and stop having unconstitutional Executive Action replace congressional inaction.
Also, if people lied on their applications, they should be deported! Is it is true that there was widespread fraud in the applications?
America doesn't strip children from their parents. Illegal parents leave with their illegal children. It is parents fault, not Americas!
Then get off your duff and do your job
Fund enough administrative judges to sort out your criminal "Dreamers", then it might make sense. Without that you're the criminal.
Benet you work EXTREMELY hard for illegal aliens but YOU HATE AMERICANS especially VETERANS! Drop the illegal aliens and HELP AMERICANS!
Then do something.
...as long as you haven't broken and don't break any laws and complete the path to citizenship and assimilation.  You forgot that part.
Get them the hell out Mike, they smell like skurrrt
And if Michael Bennet does his job, you can finally stop worrying about it!!  Legislate Senator Bennet.
Citizens and CO residents like me want to know how we can help. Thanks for your leadership!
Report illegals to ICE.
Be here legally
Dreamers i have a warrant of title to united states and that makes trump a foreigners warrant#8135 the fisa warrant of gwbush program
Sen. Bennett, with all due respect, why do they deserve to be in this country?
"We love when parents understand the weaknesses of America's immigration system!"
Pass a law Senator.
You selectively enforced immigration 'er rule of law (not) for years refusing to fix immigration & now you blame the consequences on Trump?
So u openly accept and want to reward criminal behavior??  Guess I'm not suprised coming from a stoner state!
get them votes!!!
So we won't follow the law...
No they don't amazing 8 years of democrats running things it takes a republican president to bring it out of the shadows
My daughter and I were out supporting #DACA today. I hope you get tons of emails from all the folks we reached! #StandWithDreamers
Do you stand for American veterans?
So breaking laws should be rewarded
Citizenship is earned legally. No one who is here illegally deserves anything.
Wow, so much hate venom & intolerance toward young people brought here as children, even babies. Good luck Senator.
Put your money where your mouth is! You personally support all the illegal aliens with room & board and medical. No tax $$, just your $$!
"Deserve to be in our country". You kidding me @SenBennetCO ? Deserve? Problem has to be solved but they don't 'deserve' to be here
So stop your spreading of hate and lies !stop pretending you care about anybody but your bank account the only thing factua/ donors=results
They need to work towards citizenship. . Be legal, . Pay taxes
The dreamers would work their way towards citizenship with a legal path. They didn't arrive here on their own. They pay taxes now.
I had a dream until some con artist on ft Carson wanted me to bribe him you would know this and investigated this if u actually cared !!
Thank you Senator
Nice if you worked this hard for your own STATE,and the USA. Liberalism becomes you. TRAITOR
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.  Please keep fighting!  We won't let this happen.
Our commander and chief was simply following constitutional law. Now it's time for y'all to go to work. You're better than this, #FTGF
Ummm, no they don't.
America has spoken, we want criminal illegal aliens gone! #endDACA NOW!
Then do it legally. What part of that don't you get?
Statements like this fill my heart with joy.
I invite you to sneak into any other nation on Earth and demand something. They'd laugh at you and toss you in a smelly prison cell.
Freakin VA hospitals full of roaches and sleeping employees...and this is what you're focused on. You people are sick
Obama stated DACA was temporary. You & Congress sat on your hands like all the other issues in this country & did nothing. Don't blame POTUS
Temporary until Congress came up with a long term solution.  Neither Trump nor the GOP leadership appear willing to lead.
At Trump is going by the Constitution as Congress is to make laws and not the President writing them from thin air like Obama
It's much more complicated than that. There are 12 million undocumented immigrants in our nation. They're here because employers want them.
They want them because they can pay them nothing and offer them no benefits. Is that the answer you seek? It is bad all around.
What a tool!
Senator, if I crossed the border into Mexico illegal what kind of status would I receive besides getting thrown in jail? Wouldn't accept me!
Better example would be walking into Canada.
DACA is one big, fraudulent mess but that doesn't seem to matter to dishonest politicians, wonder why?
Only you liberals that could care less about the law see them. Where were you when Obama & Hillary deported families back to central america
WOW-you SEE the Dreamers but blind eye to homeless vets and OUR children who go to bed hungry because they have no food!  Vote Him Out
Americans has dreams too. Dreaming to have a job, support their family. Senators like U prefer to turn your back on the middle class!
I know that was a childish thing to say..
Your a disgusting piece of crap what obummer did was unconstitutional u need to read the constitution and protecting American people#MAGA
Give me a break! Dreamer or not, it's about the Rule of Law! My family came here LEGALLY!
NO amnesty, you & your kind aren't above the LAW'S
We Democrats agree that we need to control our border. But millions of employers gave jobs to millions of immigrants. For decades.
What's your point? It's OUR tax dollars that bail out the world, entitle our youth to not work! I'm an employer, my guys & co. OBEY THE LAW!
Yes, but millions of other employers are seeking out undocumented immigrants & offering them jobs. We're part of the system that permits it.
Blame ALL? There's no me in WE! I've never supported that & NEVER WILL!
I don't "support" the practice either (Conservative employers exploiting cheap labor). But it happens. Routinely. Construction, housekeeping
Bullshit! I'm Conservative & in Construction, that a topical cop out line! It's all about your moral compass!
I'm fed up with ALL of IT!
You also appear to be uncivil. I'm in construction, and I've seen my share of undocumented workers (I didn't hire them, but they were there)
I also want to know do you have special housing for them because home ownership even renting is unaffordable for the average person in Col.
They get section eight but only after the American people who are living their low income get kick out into the streets made homeless #MAGA
Dreamers aren't legal citizens. What justifies your view that they "deserve to be here "?
That hasn't been determined. If a meat packing company gave a job to a father with a 2 yr old daughter  20 years ago, I don't think rt
.. I don't think it's been determined by the courts whether that kid is "legal" or not. Especially if she served in the military.
Good point!
Let's hope
Anything for a vote
Why don't you just have them contact your office staff cuz that worked out so well for me. Rude, unprofessional, & uncaring. So thanks.
I talked with one of his staffers today. She was lovely, professional and very helpful. Maybe the problem is YOU.
Kindly to provide Closed Captioning video online! #CCaptionThis 
#DreamAct #DefendDACA #AccessibilityLens
Thank you! #DreamAct #DefendDACA deserve respect!
All dreamers and their illegal parents came in this nation illegally they broke the law need to be deported now hey congress the rule of law
Now she deserves to be here and did it legally.
Defund ICE
Deserve? I get it it was their parents fault but to use the word deserve seems a stretch. My wife paid thousands & went through the process
Open Boarders for Israel.
