either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
@realDonaldTrump Thank you Sen. Bennet. No good in a shut-down. Someone should put on big boy britches and reach across lines!
Yes! Exactly! Maybe it will be @SenBennetCO who should "put on big boy britches and reach across lines"
Really|?? Maybe we could have funded the wall maybe we could have changed Obama care maybe you all have no balls
We will vote y'all out again until we get people in there that will do what they are elected to do!
We need to get this idiot out of office before he does too much damage. #resign #ImpeachTrump
You mean Bennet right?
There is also no such thing as "good debt". Almost $20T. Interest payment over $200B. That is the real problem. #Get2Work #BalancetheBudget
Michael, Most theses works do nothing but collect a free pay check. Have you ever had a good exp. at Government run office?
'US hides real debt, in worse shape than Greece'
@realDonaldTrump Having to constantly change rules to get your way is pretty telling. You're shortchanging the American people!
Don't they get back pay when they return? I wish I could have some extra paid time off in September!  Sounds like a "good shut down" to me.
Then quit being a little stubborn child along with your other toddler Congressmen and grow up...#ScrewtheResistance #MAGA 
Senator, we must get this maniac out of the WH! He is dangerous, ignorant & destructive to our democracy. Cannot let him change the rules!
Why don't you telll ppl how the gov. shut down works. They can keep anything open that they want.or close things to hurt the people. Right?
Was ALOT more than 53,000....don't leave out Gov contractors who also went home w/o pay...
You're talking to him like he understands. He has the brain of a 6 year old.
got your attention---Get things Done for a change, Live under the same Health Plan as us, Mr. Elite Replace ALL of you
IF CONGRESS would do their jobs, there would be a FULL YEAR'S budget ready for October 1 EVERY YEAR!!  Shut if down!  I am a fed employee!!
@SenCoryGardner what do you think of a shutdown? Bennet has Colorado interests first. How about you? Colorado or Trumpf? Where do you lie!
Bennet has his own interests first. Clinging to his job. Needs to be replaced career politician serving himself. Time for new blood.
Bennett does real town halls and listen to Coloradoans.
Gardner hides at corporate events.
Exactly. #Resist #TrumpRussia
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/859395810324303873 … (Ranked 1st for May 2.)
Let's change the president #lockhim up
Thank you for holding out for pre-existing conditions
Senator, sometimes government gets too big.  Not all government functions add value.
Thank you, Senator for remembering damage Republicans have done & continue to do. And to think that "working & rural" put him in office.
Correct!  And Trump is the mess that needs to be fixed.
So stop tweeting about it and fix it
Let him have it. Republican majority in house and senate and White House and governors and in many state houses and on SCOTUS.
How's that going to make republicans look?
blah, blah, blah - more hot air
Do something 4 Americans & cross aisle
U Dems R all the same about obstruction

#BuildTheWall #EndPPFunding
You'll prob just cave like you did during the SCOTUS fight.
They got full back pay..  free vacation
Maybe the libs should realize I hold them responsible this no compromise we are children who don't serve the people attitude get a real job
Grow up stop being childish and petty, do the job you were elected to do,work together. Not worth minimum wage right now.
Well there is if you are a 70 year old baby wanting to see the world burn before the end of your life
His lack of self awareness is mind boggling!
You just can't fix trumpsky's incompetence. Next, he'll be inviting South Korea's Un to speak in Congress. Supid is as stupid tweets.
You need to stop smoking the ganja Bennet. President Trump is 1000% better than obozo. Get on board or get the F out!
I think Bennet should be replaced with a republican senator who will work with our great President Trump!
I know one Colorado senator that needs to be voted out office in 2020. Senator Gardner does not represent his constituents.
And the end result is out of control federal spending & $20T in debt that will destroy future generations. #irresponsible
State Governments.  67% of Americans say Dems out of touch.  Your leadership shouldn't have been gloating yesterday.
Politics used to be local and national political narrative was defined by msm. No longer. Your leadership is guaranteeing Rep dominance of
He has a #selectivememory
POTUS has no understanding of how gov is run, no understanding of history and no understanding of the constitution. Worst pres EVER!! 
Shutdowns R Very Very Good, They stop the Hemorrhaging 
U Senator R Very Very Bad !  Do Something 4 Children #BanAccessIslam from Schools
@POTUS  Deny anything but balanced budget, Gov't workers should be laid off, every #USA industry has layoff's Now Govt's turn #DrainTheSwamp
Stop Spending Money We Don't Have
Future generations Depend on Fiscal Responsibility
ASnake In Grass #ImpeachBennet #TeamTrump #MAGA 
Yes U Fool The Govt can & will be shut down 
Balance The BudgetU Would Never Let Your Own Finances In-debt Your Family #MAGA #ImpeachBennet
Focus  #DumpAccessIslam from #Schools #Colorado #Denver #CO #Teachers #BanShariaLaw Keep #Sharia out of our children's lives !! BAD !!
Illegals Destroy #Colorado & our Country
Bad Evil #Illegals R #Criminals & #Thieves #Deport #Illegal #Immigrants #BuildTheWall #TravelBan
Disgusting, pay attention DemocRats have bankrupted the Fed govt. & are trying 2 shove everything including the kitchen sink in the budget
I say shut it down .@Potus is right unlike you who is soooo wrong.
Keep it rollin, Boo. Keep it rollin.
He is so ignorant!!!  Who elected him?????
Don't tell us. We know this stuff. Tell @POTUS and @SenateMajLdr. They are the ones without a clue.
this man is horrifying! Like a child throwing a tantrum because he is not getting his way.
What do we expect? He's a freaking idiot and has no concept of how to govern. The GOP should be ashamed to back him!
I think we will elect more democrats...;)
That would be the death of our nation. Democrats are delusional.
This POTUS plays better on late night TV as a butt of jokes than he does as the top exec. Failure as chief
Correct and thanks for standing up to his bullying tactics!
. @POTUS has such a disregard for our country. It is disgusting.
Not to mention those of us deemed "essential" who worked without pay
Of course you wouldn't allow a shutdown to improve finances. U have no political courage whatsoever; couldn't even vote for Neil Gorsuch.
This is from 2003 doc"Born Rich,"Ivanka telling story.Even then,Trump thinks he is bigger victim than homeless man,she idolizes
He's irresponsible, ignorant and a criminal. Please remove him from office. #25thamendment
That man needs to be impeached.
What's your source?
This confirms some of it:
45 is uniformed and sounds more and more unhinged. @Fillmore_Denver
