.@SenBennetCO I was upset w/ your Gorsuch stance BEFORE I read your news release, now I'm really pissed.
Was the "Using the filibuster and nuclear option..." paragraph written by a Republican hack?  Sure reads like it!
As a registered Colorado Democrat, I cannot wait to campaign for your primary challenger in 2022.
we live in a purple state. Asking to primary Bennett is foolish.
The foolish thing is thinking that Dems will turn out for a Trump supporter-candidate at the top of the ticket in a non-presidential year.
How does Bennett not filibustering a Colorado judge make him "a Trump supporter"?
He's Trump's nominee. And Bennet has enabled the Trump administration by voting for a lot of Trump's nominees:
Thank you I did not know this.
Shameful u dont support the people who vote 4 u. Time 2 GO
It really is ok not to approve Gorsuch- he is a good upper class white guy- not enough
Postponing the nuclear option is like saving your condom for next time. You're still getting fucked now.
Thanks for being pragmatic.  Our country needs to get to middle ground.
I'm really disappointed that you aren't joining your colleagues on the floor now. Standing up for  values is patriotism. Get out there
For once can Dem stand united.  The GOP went nuclear in 2008 on inauguration night. Tryg to reason is futile & why hve Pres. Trump #RESIST
What really bothers you is that you no longer have the SCOTUS in your pocket! You are an America-hating COWARD!!!!
It is incredibily disappointing to consider that you, as a Democrat, may actually be voting to confirm the Corporations-over-People Gorsuch.
Not sure if you remember this story http://www.denverpost.com/2013/02/21/appeals-court-judge-rightfully-dismissed-suit-by-parents-of-tased-lafayette-man/ … but Gorsuch ruled that it wasn't excessive force.
The police report didn't match the evidence. It was painful to hear the parent's story. SMH!
Senator, If you can't take their money, drink their whiskey, laugh at their jokes AND THEN VOTE FOR US, you have no business in DC,
I hate that you make a good point. This is an awful no win situation.
You agree a Pres shouldn't fill a SCOTUS seat in his last year, but a Pres under FBI investigation for cheating has green light!!!!???
What specific information did Russia spread? If it's stuff on Hillary it was true. U give way too much credit to Russia
The Rs are lawless. They always do what it takes to get their way. They cheat, seize power. Postpone until Russia mess is over. Integrity
It's simple. Gorsuch is a bad pick for SCOTUS. Vote no. Stand up to the GOP.  Listen to your constituents.
I don't know what even to say. Very disappointed. I think your primary reason for supporting this conservative man is that he's from CO. Sad
You're not a Manchin or Heidi. This is Colorado. A Blue POTUS state. A Blue Gov. Supporting Hitler's Scotus pick not a good look for History
Merrick Garland is calling you...
Give me a reason why he should not support Gorsuch?
Are you watching @SenJeffMerkley reviewing Gorsuch's activist decisions- the Supreme Court doesn't need an activist judge. Vote no please!!
I have strong objections to a lifetime Supreme Court appointment by a President whose patriotism is seriously in question. Unacceptable.
.@SenBennetCO thanks for your service. However, we will be looking for another Dem to replace you.
Couldn't agree more. A Trump supporter in sheep's clothes. Next time around Bennet out. Supported him for years. Never again.
What's so wrong with our current president?  He is getting stuff done. Quit moaning and support our president
Snowflakes!
Please vote no. Republicans count on Dems to take the high road to get away with outrageous obstructionism.
Are you kidding? Even the dude who wrote the article is pointing out the invalidity of your argument. #StopGorsuch
What a phony - #sheep
couldn't be more disappointed in you right now.
If you're saying "why bother" now, then why bother ever? Save your integrity, block Gorsuch.
#MerrickGarland
The R's don't care! They will not work with Dems. Stand with the DEms and vote NO to Gorsuch. No more Mr. Nice Guy.
You are wrong to reward the GOP for stealing Merrick Garland's seat! Shame on you rolling over for the hypocrites.
IT is NOT complicated!  If you vote FOR Gorsuch, then you are voting AGAINST women, LGBTQ's, people of color!  We won't support you!
if you dont fight against  him - you are doing the same as backing him as a gop shill
I dig saving things for later, but that's only when things aren't already gone.  Please rethink.
Quit trying to be a Republicrat. It doesn't work any more.
Your rational is a huge leap of reality! Stop the double speak and do your job to represent the People who elected U!Actions = consequences
Repubs will try this strategy with every decision,  THEY are making the nuclear decision.  Putin's strategy is working
@SenBennetCO, very simple, r's said can't vote for scotus during election, so d's shd say can't vote during potus under investagation. NO!
Maria Cantwell: "This  week, it's more crucial than ever to stand up to the Republicans'  partisan bullying" Support the filibuster!
I won't be donating to any future campaigns of yours (and I have in the past). You don't represent Colorado in the way you were elected to
#VoteNo #Gorsuch
Foolish Vote for cloture is a vote for Gorsuch no matter what you say. McConnell will go nuclear when he needs to no matter what happens now
Don't vote for Grouch. #JoinFilibuster
Your reasoning does not make sense when dealing with the likes of Mitch McConnell. If you abandon the Dems and your consituents you will pay
Reluctantly I must agree. Filibuster of Gorsuch will help only the GOP in CO. Next SCOTUS fight will have much more meaning.
Like giving bully okay to punch today with hope he won't steal our lunch money next week. Democracy is toast for now.
As a constituent of CO, I am asking you to stand with the rest of the Ds and vote for the filibuster. #AreYouListening
NOTHING should get decided until we fully investigate the influence of foreign operatives on our current government.  Are you with AMERICA?
What an elaborate fantasy you've created in which GOP (1) won't just nuke the next SCOTUS filibuster &(2) will reward you come reelection.
I'll be sure to keep Sen Bennet in mind with every decision Gorsuch votes on #resist #copolitics
So disappointed with you, Gorsuch is not a centrist-bad for women, bad for regular people... @COindependent
Disappointed in you, @SenBennetCO
When you are up for re-election, you will not have my vote.
And the whine Republicans make about "forcing their hand"? That's like the abuser blaming the abused for forcing their hand to violence.
Republicans and McConnell cheated to gain a seat appointment. They'll always cheat. Do NOT reward this bad behavior - vote NO on Gorsuch.
@SenBennetCO , stand with your fellow Democrats and filibuster.
@SenBennetCO  don't be afraid, "2 centuries, the Senate’s constitutional rulemaking power has been exercised..to change Sen, procedures."
#Bennett do your job weakest senator in country
if they change the rules, they also change their approval ratings.
Why legitimize Mitch McConnell's corrupt and unethical stealing of a SC seart and ignore grass roots opposition to Trump? Makes no sense
So what? We just let it go and let them have this one? A freaking LIFETIME appointment for Pres under FBI Investigation? Vote NO
One of the few with brains and care abt America, not just their selves. Do NOT fillibuster. Approve Gorsuch
There is no guarantee that this admin will be making more appts.,especially with this congress. Filibuster. Stand on principle!
Your colleagues in the @GOP show no compunction in trashing the supposed comity of the Senate! You're bringing a knife to a gun fight!
What level of confidence do you have that the filibuster would stop an equally or more extreme nominee the next time?
You are such a big disappointment.  Why don't you listen to constituents?
Thank the Democrats for the Nuke Option Especially Reid and Schumer, Right back at you LOL
You are asked to stand on the side of what's right and resist this nominee from an illegitimate president. Don't give Trump hand Trump a Vic
@IndivisibleLoCo @COindependent NO
Traitor !!!  Enjoy time you have left in office YOUR SOON GONE!
I am so disappointed. In current circumstances we need to resist at every chance. Playing nice isn't an option these days.
Deeply disappointed. Gorsuch, unwilling to rule out religious litmus test for entry into US, shouldn't be confirmed. Establishment clause.
I'm so incredibly concerned that this corrupt administration will fill this seat. Please do what you can to stop it.
The Rethugs will go nuclear. If not this time, then the next. They only care about "winning" and you just gave them a win.
Completely naive to think R's won'tt use the nuclear opt nxt time. R's filibustered Prz Obama 307 TIMES!!! They fight dirty, you don't fight
I won’t be voting for you.
you are letting us down. Solidarity means solid blue. We will remember.
You have lost my vote in the next primaries - 80015
Democrat from Erie, CO: I support your decision. He's clearly qualified. Not who I'd like to see, but qualified.
This is a LIFETIME appointment! Stand with us & FIGHT. Vote NO for Gorsuch! R's would use nuclear option, make them!!! VOTE NO   80537
no.  No more fitting back thinking the GOP are honorable
Right on. I'm saddened that more dems don't see this. I'm so angry about Garland, but we can show the people we are wiser than the GOP.
What about a compromise once suggested by .@SenJeffMerkley of #TalkingFilibuster?
U have an obligation 2 ur constituents by voting against #gorsuch. R u forgetting who u work 4? WE the ppl demand better. #DoYourJob
Concerns like what @SenBennetCO ? Like he believes in the #Constitution as written? Or his belief in the law as written? #VOTE4GORSUCH
Your constituents are watching your actions. Vote no to Gorsuch, he is not good for working people.
Damn it, Bennet!
Grow up! The filibuster is ridiculous (particularly one that only "exists" if you are too scared to use it).
How is not being able to ever use the filibuster functionally different than not having it?  You can't lose that which you can never use!
All you will do by deserting your party is tarnish your reputation. We WON'T forget and will be eagerly seeking a replacement for you.
The filibuster cannot be saved! Why can't you understand that? They aren't interested in compromise and will ram through whoever they want.
We can primary you and absolutely should if you're not going to defend your base constituents!!!!!
it's not a question of if Dems will filibuster, but which side do you want to be on? Those who fought for us? Or those who sold us out?
That's absurd! There's going to be a filibuster no matter what! They are going to use the nuclear option! You will humiliate your base!
@SenBennetCO I've admired your tenacity as of late, but please stand up for what's right. This seat was stolen!
Typical weasel politician position. Support the Coloradan judge the citizens of Colorado overwhelmingly support. Do your job!
Confirm Gorsuch.   I watched much of the  confirmation hearings.  Very reasonable smart judge.    Don't see how you could oppose.
Stand with the people, do right by us. Gorsuch only believes in corps not in peoples' right He doesn't deserve a vote! Bad 4 us
Do right by your constituent's vote NO on Gorsuch. He'll only hurt the people. Too much special interest $$ and bad of America!
@SenBennetCO Disappointing. Smacks of Colorado Corporate Cronyism. You are better than this. Just say no.
Please join your fellow Democrats and filibuster!
They are going to do what they are going to do. You need to do what is best for your constituency!!
Support Judge Gorsuch! Do your state right!  It will most likely be the only chance we will ever have anyone from Colorado on the bench!
Colorado wants you to vote against Gorsuch, regardless of how you feel about the nuclear option. He is wrong for Colorado.
Very, very disappointed in you.
Please support the filibuster..
Dems need to take a page from the GOP & come out with consistent talking points: No SCOTUS nominee from a man who may have committed treason
If you think for a second that not filibustering is going to save the opportunity for the future, you are astoundingly naive.
Do your part Colorado. Retire this gutless wonder!!!
So the problem is not Gorsuch, it is your parties unwillingness to negotiate which leads to power struggles.  Not good for the country.
Very disappointing. Treat Gorsuch the way Garland was treated.
Utter BS.  Do you seriously think the R's won't use the nuke option next time?  You cannot be that stupid.  #NoOnGorsuch
The real problem is that your party already used the nuclear option for all but supremes and would have for them if needed.
Where will your name be when dust settles? It's clear where our other Senator will be, I had hopes at least one of you would fight for us. 
I agree and I hope it works out.  You are going to have to make a hard decision.  My vote would be for Gorsuch, I hope yours is also.
. BITE ME Traitor!
Problem: GOP can go nuclear at any time. GOP will use when Dems have majority-Gorsuch needs to be filibustered
Read all the responses Senator.  Not to late to rethink your decision and get to the right one this time
Senator, I hope you decide to stand firm against Gorsuch. He is too conservative + will lean in favor of corporations. You know this. Fight.
How about saying no until the whole #TrumpRussia thing is cleared up?
@SenBennetCO @SenDonnelly 
TRY LISTENING TO REAL DEMOCRATS
NO VOTES UNTIL ALL FACTS KNOWN!
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/04/far-from-idle-speculation-dem-senator-says-looming-impeachment-is-reason-to-filibuster-gorsuch/ …
#FilibusterGorsuch
playing with fire here Senator. Get on the bus.
Half my family lives in Denver, Senator.  They are extremely disappointed that you support, Gorsuch.  
I expect you to do the right thing! I'm a reasonable Dem in support of the nomination!
3. @SenBennetCO Colorado deserves better then you. You're soft and controlled by biz. You sir are a fool.
2. Problem is your base is not getting the fighter we thought we voted for. You're a fool & soft. A fool we'll vote out. @SenBennetCO
1. @SenBennetCO Republicans are playing to their base. They will go nuclear now or next time. Base wants it. You also playing to their base.
Typical. Don't take a stand on anything that way you won't hopefully make someone mad. Sen. Michael Benett what is wrong in D. C.
See below. Your constituents want you to VOTE NO! No SCOTUS justice appointments until the Trump-Russia scandal is resolved!
Let me be plain: FUCK THAT #NoOnGorsuch
From an (I): You are assuming the other side has good intentions. Don't be naive! They stole the SCOTUS pick. Time for the Ds to grow a pair
So sad you will vote for someone who has already caused so much pain to the little guy. Corporations own the Supreme Court already.
Merrick Garland was a #StolenSeat. Shame on you for not supporting a filibuster. We will remember this. Constituent in 80015 #NoOnGorsuch
You have betrayed all the Colorado Democrats who voted for you & against Trump!  Forget the business $.  It's not complicated! Filibuster
We have @POTUS under FBI Investgtn, which should be reason enough to filibuster. @GOP didn't give Garland a chance under a legitimate Pres
Our commitment is all we have left. Real patriots hold the line.
Please filibuster. We are your constituents. We believe in you.
disappointing! Filibuster for a SCOTUS that represents modern America instead of precedents that are better forgotten.
We respectfully DISAGREE, Senator Bennet! But this person said it better:
You must be partaking in the new Marijuana bonus packs if you think Gorsuch is okay. You are with us or against us. Choose carefully.
Foul play for Colorado and the oountry.
At this point, any Dems who aren't fully focused on #TrumpRussia and attempting to halt Trump Regime appointments, bills, orders will be out
I understand and support Senator Bennet's determination in this matter. This is about what is best for our Country and citizens.
We reject your lame ass excuses! Stand with us or we stand AGAINST you.
What a Weasle! Dem. Sen. Michael Bennet (CO) says he will vote NO on Gorsuch, but won't filibuster, which means he'll have to vote YES!
With all due respect, I hope you change your mind and decide to honor the wishes of the voters you were elected to represent.
Stand up to represent those who voted for YOU. #replaceMichaelBennet
What's complicated? Vote. Whatever it takes,  Vote. Go after the Dems in the next election. Go hard....Many are at risk.
that article is hogwash. You're smart enough and experienced enough to know it. So what REALLY gives?
This is very disappointing. We need to KNOW that you are a NO for this unfit judge. I say this as a fellow Coloradoan to you both.
Enjoy the primary coming your way
I dont think we should negotiate with terrorists.
With all due respect, this president is under FBI investigation for possible criminal acts. He must not have a SCOTUS pick.
Some Dems are weak tea & run for the hills at 1st sign of trouble Do you agree with Gorsuch's judicial philosophy?
I agree with Sen Bennets reasoning.
Please do not make the partisan nature of confirmations worse by supporting the filibuster.  Why are democrats doing this?  Makes no sense
They're just gonna use it next time if we don't make them use it now. McConnell has no principles, doesn't give a damn about senate rules
You're wrong Senator. Gorsuch will uphold the constitution, not interpret it as you lefties would like. It is not a living document!
Making sure that my family will not vote for you the next election. Such a disappointment to CO. Stop playing Democrat
Unacceptable.  You need to vote no.  Gorsuch is not an acceptable justice.  His contempt expressed during his hearings proved that much.
this Colorado resident feels Betrayed-we all have to stand up to Bullies in our lives from cradle to grave! ask my spec. needs son.
Well now we know who definitely won't ever be a presidential nominee.
1.He was terrible in hearing.
2. We shouldn't appoint judge until Russian influence is investigated!
Please reconsider!!!!!
Nonsense. There's nothing to lose by standing up to the GOP NOW. You're not fooling anyone, they'll use the nuclear option at ANY point.
Please show some backbone and stand up to the GOP. Even if they didn't steal this SCOTUS seat, Gorsuch isn't a good fit for the court.
I'm saddened
Bowing to local politics instead of constituents? Sad!
GOP will go nuclear next time if we don't do it now.  No conf until ties to Russia are investigated. V disappointed in you!
You give up now so you can be courageously futile opposing the next nominee? I don't get it. Disappointed. 80238 #FilibusterGorsuch
Two words: POLITICAL SUICIDE.
How in good conscience vote for this corporate clown
You just lost my vote. The Democratic party should stick together especially under a crooked Presidency. I will NEVER support you again.
If GOP goes nuclear it is their choice & will have to deal with the future consequences, siding w/ them also a choice w/ consequences #2022
If you can't vote for Gorsich then I can't vote for you
No on Gorsuch. He is not independent of Donald Trump or republicans. His record on women's rights
Education and worker are wrong.
NO on gorsuch!!!!!!!!!!
You sold us out. You are no better than they are. I will support ANY opponent of yours. You lost me as a voter
Bull. If you vote for him, I will work myself to death to make sure this is your last term. NO ON GORSUCH
