We've updated our guide to help you fight against hate in your community. #10WaysToFightHate https://www.splcenter.org/20170814/ten-ways-fight-hate-community-response-guide …
I sincerely hope that we don't have AltRight groups in Colorado.  I have not seen any evidence.  People in CO should feel safe.
Unfortunately, there are hate groups here in CO. See the SPLC list. "Proud Boys" had a hate (disguised as free) speech rally Boulder June 3.
If all they do is talk, then there is nothing you can do about it.  They are vial but our right to free speech is sacred.
They walk the streets to intimidate POC. I will NEVER be silent on VILE hate speech. They don't deserve a platform to intimidate.
Well it's like a self-fulfilling prophecy.  How do you see this entire situation resolving itself?
They want to put Jews in ovens. What do you think is necessary to resolve? I don't have a "final solution"-should they go ahead w/theirs?
Do you honestly think they would gather any support to actually do this?  Maybe outside the US.  You can protest all you want.  No violence.
I'm extremely nonviolent. They had boots laced in the neo-nazi way. I had people walk me to my car. I'm a white woman and I didn't feel safe
So you're taking a public stand against Black Lives Matter and Antifa???   Lemme guess .... 
No he would never do that. Boulder and Denver liberals would eat him alive.
I am praying the REST of us will kick his ass OUT ASAP!
I've been trying believe me. But I'll keep my hopes up.
We need to organize like we did during the recalls.
I don't think people have the energy for that. But if things keep going the way they are, I believe that energy will come back 10 fold.
I think the more Trump and average Americans are demonized and ostracized the stronger the desire to remove these jokers. BOTH sides.
This is a load if crap as you cant stop hate after all it's an human emotion. All you can do is help promote positive environment for all.
So are you quitting the #hate party #democrats?
I do not want your help to feel safe. You making me safe is a lie. I want you to fight for American's liberty!
No you won't. You'll only fight one form of the hate the other you'll brand as heroes
u r a tool of the nation-destroying global elite... ur toe-jam... the tide will wash u away next election
No one can feel safe 100% of the time by trying you often make everyone feel even more unsafe.
You dont make people safe by commiting facism
Give up now, you will never make 100% of the people happy at one time.  Too many differing opinions
When will conservatives feel safe in Hollywood? Academia? MSM? IRS? Google?
Can we get a bill ensuring driving a car into protesters is always illegal?
Didn't here any comment on the Missouri state senator saying he wish potus was assainated.  Oh, that's right he is a lib like u.
Is this the guy that called for assassination? Hypocrits aren't they.
This is the elitist hit list. It includes the likes of ex-commies like David Horowitz bc they don't cowtow to the totalitarians any more.
The SPLC has categorized Christian groups as hate groups. Are you sure you want to use them as a resource?
Thank you Senator. Please impeach Trump now
Thank you for representing love and kindness on behalf of Coloradoans.
Start with the Antifa and BLMs in our Nation. If you really want to attack hate.!!
As for SPLC, you should do a little digging on them before using them as a resource.
Antifi came with clubs and violence in their hearts to charlotte. Because they are from the left, not much mention both groups bad!!
Hope you include this hate as well
Happy birthday to the revolutionary #AssataShakur! Today's #SignOfResistance, in Assata's honor, is by @Meloniousfunk. 
But you are helping spread the hate. Please read your twitter responses.
You can start by making masks illegal if your going to riot and burn down communities because you hate violence and hate.
Restore justice under the law instead of division by rhetoric
Lest the party of victimhood forgets,
When will you denounce ANTIFA?
Mr. Bennett, does this include BLM or r u just jumping on the bandwagon like everyone else
I've lived in same town 50 yrs. we no longer feel safe or welcome here! Help??(that would require truth)  Won't hold my breath!
Let a few moron Nazis have their stupid rally, then go away. Don't give em pub and certainly don't sink to their level, which you did Sunday
Also, maybe get off your high horse. Ppl are free to hate in this country & not all hate is violence.
Discretion is better part of Valor.
They forgot the most important step. Learn your "adversary", find out if it's really "hate" you're fighting or just a different opinion.
So does that include ANTIFA?????
Safe spaces for antifa?
Have a backbone and stand against KKK white supremacists, BLM, and ANTIFA. Name them. Then pull your head out and start doing your f'ing JOB
Some Registered Democrats are labeling people who disagrees with them, Nazis

This incites violence

What are you going to do about it?
Make sure BLM and Antifa are on your list....oh but they won't.
Those are good words, but are you pressuring your @SenateGOP friends to DO something about #trump? You must apply PRESSURE! #Resist #RedLine
when u dummy down the ppl this is what u get. So I guess you and the politicians are to blame for this. So now fix it.no 10 steps needed
Denunciation of hate is not enough. Every member of Congress must denounce the presidency of Donald Trump and demand his resignation.
You may want to start by speaking to Ben Carson! His home was vandalized by Anti-Trump supporters!
What about ANTIFA!? Do you denounce them!!??...THEY have mamed, looted, rioted, burned & killed!!! STOP THE HATE ON BOTH SIDES!!
Uh, no, the SPLC is NOT a helpful resource. Try again, Mikey.
Hmm? Say it again?
Check out @TrumpSuperPAC's Tweet:
#DoSomethingGOP & stand up to violence on all sides! I never heard GOP, DNC or MSM denounce Alt-Left violence? #MAGA 
Please don't use the SPLC, they lie about people constantly. They're extremists themselves.
I don't need someone else telling me what hate is, I see it daily in the government & the MSM.
Michelle Bennet you sissy
Including BLM and Antifa?
So...ur going to fight antifa, BLM & all the other leftist socialist punks?
All it's ugly forms? You know you can't possibly mean that, because then you'd have to admit violence comes from both sides.
You're literally citing a political hate group.
Really? Then why aren't you disavowing Antifa who attempts to burn down cities (Berkley) to stop people from speaking?
What's your stance on ANTIFA senator? Please say it loudly, publicly, and on record for all to hear.
But you voted for this.
Have you seen them listing #ANTIFA #BLM or any other left wing rioters? Not a reliable source
What about straight white republicans? Do you care whether they "feel safe" ?
Does this include Antifa? I am terrified by their behavior
I'm going to assume that would include BLM and Antifa??? Just for clarity...
Great! So ur going to tell Black Lives Matter and a fair majority of the Democratic party to tone down the rhetoric.
A Senator linking to SPLC?  Wow.

Like this?
I would also like to know if you denounce Antifa as a hate group? Yes or no? Or will you be a coward and stay silent?
People on the Western Slope pay out of the ASS for Obamacare  and you're more worried about ginning up racial tension via the SPLC website?
So like BLM cop killers, antifa rioters and left wing nuts who attack Congressional softball practices?
Why don't you start in the Inner Cities where African Americans kill each other on an hourly basis!!
Fascist says what?
Then please report your party
I can't believe these AltRight groups still exist.  Is the cure for this education?  Are the bulk of them just uneducated?  No other excuse.
I found some!
How do antifa not know that they are the fachists??
SPLC?
Yes so will I Bennet, but to you obviously it's just about the Kkk and neo nazi. Until everyone feels safe does that include All of them?
@splcenter how about BLM and before them Occupy Wall Street? Rioting, looting, destroying property, and actually shooting/killing people
I've warned ANTIFA about The Coming Night of the LONG KNiVES for them. When people like you decide they are no longer useful.
@splcenter is not a helpful resource for anything but left wing bias.  Is Antifa 1 of hate groups u will fight or is that too inconvenient?

You're another reason I'll never return to my birth state!
Right! So beating old men, swinging bats, throwing objects by rabid humans is supposed to make me feel safe?
The link you provided is a hate organization.
Wow
How about focusing ur attention on the issues that help OVERCOME the claims of oppression, like empowering people, through education & JOBS
Does this include the leftist fascist ANTIFA and the violent BLM? Hope so. If not, then you're just another hypocrite.
That is not a helpful resource. That is a domestic terrorist organization that makes up false claims.
The likes of you are the problem in our country
Quit blaming trump for other people's freedom of speech! We are on to all of you! Stop the hate! Everyone's life matters! Grrrrr
Sir, do you know anything about SPLC? If so, you would hve been more discerning in this tweet. 
Democrats own the history of racism in US.
Yet you back & FULLY SUPPORT Antifa, Understand Antifa is a HATE group plain & simple, Fight HATE & divide on ALL sides.
SPLC is a hate group in of itself. No credibility.
Do you denounce Antifa, yes or no?
Violence perpetrated by people that share your ideological view is still violence. Democrats MUST DISAVOW ANTIFA VIOLENCE
All hate groups from both sides have a right to voice their opinion however; when they become violent and destructive they become criminals.
Does that include Antifa and "alt-left?"
Yes,we should fight ANTIFA BLM,white supremacists,corrupt politicians,lying media and every other anti-American group.
I dont feel safe with BLM and Antifa terrorizing everyone. Will you help?
Here's more of what SPLC says about Unite the Right organizer
Sorry, @splcenter is anything but helpful. Hate in all forms should be rejected. They do nothing but put out #fakenews and propaganda 
And does that include the Antifa and BLM?  If not, why not?  There should be no exceptions.
Do you disavow KKK, BLM, ANTIFA AND WHITE SUPREMACIST?
Both Democrats
What about ANTIFA?
Democrats and Republicans are refusing to repudiate the left wing violence from #Charlottesville. This means they CONDONE IT!
Where Democrats are, Antifa appears. Is Antifa the new Democrat KKK?
Mail the SPLC A CHECK NOW!  I just did
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence
4?
MAGAing?? 
How many cops were killed under Berry's watch. Then he rubbed it in everyone's face by having BLM at the White House. Totally disgraceful!
Sir, #ImpeachTrump should be on the top of your list of things to do. Please and Thank You.
I sat through 8 LONG YEARS of a LIBERAL JUNTA with OBUMMER.. You cowardly DEMS lose an election, and can't stand it. Traitors & Cowards...
#ImpeachTrump
I will fight ANTIFA, Black Lives Matter, CAIR, Muslim Brotherhood, La Raza, MEChA, KKK and Neo Nazis.  Will you denounce all these, Senator?
