GOP counts on Dems to back down; Ds comply too often. Some things r worth fighting: #Gorsuch is extreme & plagiarist = Not Fit To Sit SCOTUS
I'm sad to say that I don't believe in the integrity of the Senate anymore, especially the @GOP. Sorry, I can't agree to be cautious.
WE will not invoke it Senator, if he cannot get the 51 votes, then usually Gorsuch/nom goes away.  THEY invoke it and change the rules.
He's got more than 51 votes.
So you allow Gorsuch to pass. McConnell saves nuke for later. What have you gained? Nothing.Republicans are intent on gaming get the system
Reminds me of what Harry Reid did to pack the lower courts with progressive anti constitution judges.
What does th filibuster even matter? They have already said they don't care.
didn't the democrats start the nuclear option?
You are part of the reason we lost.  Either you are a Dem or you're not.  You can and will be replaced.
@SenateDems @Medium No thank you. I don't read fiction.
CO knows this is fence-sitting for appearances. Tell big $$ you couldn't bow down because you serve at the pleasure of your constituents.
Cowardice or complicity? No matter, if you won't fight you should resign.
I agree. All democrats should resign.
Not what I said, ever. Go away.
That's how I saw it. And no.
Good for you. Enjoy kissing up to a guy who is actively screwing you for his own gain. I'll be over here trying to control the damage.
And exactly what did your speaking accomplish - NOTHING #ConfirmGorsuch
Shame on you Senator. #caved
Phoney state pride > party > country. Filibuster for SCOTUS will be broken eventually. Should've sent messg to GOP reg stolen Garland nom.
Goodness....One Socialistic Patsy after Another!...Let's Play "Over the Rainbow" because They're in LA LA Land & Have No Brains!!
you are delusional if you think that the Rethugs won't go nuclear next time!
trump and his adm are UNDER ACTIVE INVESTIGATION. No life appointments! Just wait!!Gorsuch will never be seen as legitimate with this cloud.
And that means absolutely nothing. Hus decisions will still stand. Comey says no criminal investigation of Trump, so.
Would you allow bringing canes back to debates on the  floor of the Senate?
Apparently, selling out to big money is better than filibustering.
Is that a live screenshot of you giving the speech?
Filibustering does not directly lead to the nuclear option. You are complicit with the Republicans.
I know I am. And proud of it. Dems sadly out of touch. Last few elections prove it. Dems lost it all. Wake up.
This was only last October, you hypocrite
Read your remarks? Why? You are bought and paid for by the political elite!
Your argument lacks any logic. I will fight hard for you to be defeated next election.
51 - 51 - 51- 51 - 51 󽠼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼򎀼򎠼?
Senator, this may mean the end of the filibuster. But using the nuclear option means it can no longer be used as leverage. Call them on it.
the country needs a Senate that can forge consensus about our future, rather than carrying on the bitter tired divisions
@SenateDems please explain why the filibuster cannot be brought back if removed? #NuclearOption
Yes, it's a shame the Reps have to use the nuclear option due to hack Dems not supporting an overqualified judge. Where do you stand?
Did you write this when Dirty Harry was majority leader?  Didn't think so.
No
Once you force the republicans to use the nuclear battle all anyone will need or want is a majority for everything. Vote yes on Gorusch
Merrick Garland. Senate 'comity' is pure fiction relying on Democratic appeasement for cover.
From 80012- Judge Gorsuch IS the extreme nomination worthy of losing the filibuster over. Fight with us- not against us
Harry already did.  Live by the Nuke @SenBennetCO die by it.
Your job is to represent your constituents. Vote NO. Filibuster. Very sad you're selling out. Just what do Gorsuch's people have on you?
Appreciate your words but R's have shown win at all costs so what compromise? 43pres=68 to just O=79 filibusters-see a pattern?
I'll say the same as to your counterpart: LOL nope.
He is too conservative & the fact that you feel he is qualified, when he is against kids with disabilities & women's rights is unsettling
You're running low on Kool-Aid.
WRONG #StopGorsuch #holdthefloor
Sen Bennet takes us down a very long road to Ancient Greece & Rome to explain why he's out of touch with citizens in his State.
and never mentions Gorsuch as how he would serve for the next 30 years. How do you vote Senator? #copolitics
Thank you! #resist
Disappointing. McConnell will nuke you no matter what. You are proposing remaining his hostage. Have some dignity and go down fighting.
Can Bennet be voted out of office? He should be a Republican.
No to Gorsuch!!!!!
What is the difference if the Republicans make you do what they want with threat of the nuclear option or by actually employing it?
The filibuster is the only way to try and stop such a radical judge from gaining a lifetime appointment.  CO does not want Gorsuch.
Don't speak for all of Colorado. 51Thanks Harry
Congrats, but mistake you are making is overlooking the war acts committed by Putin in our election. Our government is already compromised.
To bad. This was put in place to protect the Citizens of America.
Enjoyed learning about the filibuster and the nuclear option...etc.kinda-long but good paper. Thank you Sen. Bennet.
Thank you!
If you can't #FilibusterGorsuch that means the filibuster is already dead and meaningless. Why save it until next time then? So disappointed
You made very salient points in a very straightforward way. Well done!
And the point of having a filibuster that you aren't willing to use is...what exactly?
senator thank you for this. Well said.
Anytime rules are bent got one single person... Democracy dies
@SenateDems @Medium #StopGorsuch Save our democracy, Gorsuch is for billionaires y CEOs. We need SCJOTUS for working people !
You should have thought of this when you blocked Merrick Garland from even having a hearing!!!
That was pretty much all McConnell. Bennet's a Democrat... in name, at least.
GOOD!! Principled opposition and an up/down vote please. Protect the Senate.
Per Rule XXII @SenateMajLdr McConnell can’t drop filibuster rule in mid session without a 2/3rds affirmative vote.
Yes, I've been asking, don't these get set at the start of the session not mid-session?
Thank you @SenBennetCO
Your party leaders had no problems with it when it was Bush.
What BS! More Partisan BS! Dems set the precedent.  Anyone who believes Gorsuch shouldn't be appointed is plain Partisan. #thealtmiddle.net
sniff boo hoo
I am really not interested in what you have to say anymore. Sorry, you should have stood with your constituents rather than your donors.
Great Speech. Wholly disagree - but a great speech! Time for filibuster to go.
