Thank you for standing up for what's right. Never fear, you are on the right side of history and your supporters will remember.
- (1/2) And what did you do during this same time period? Nothing - as usual. Mike, u have it down, if you don't do anything,
When does impeachment start? We're ready.
And the American people overwhelmingly support him. You're a political establishment hack with zero credibility.
You obviously have a COMPLETELY different twitter feed than I do if you think people support him. Get off Fox News
And Twitter is your basis for determining support? #delusional
naw. There's also approval polls, love. And real news, not alternative facts. You should check it out some time.
And you actually believe those #fakepolls are accurate? Have you ever heard of the #silentmajority?
when he says "fake news!" you really buy it, huh? Millions of people protesting, you think they are all secretly Trump fans?
60+ million fans in the right states for an overwhelming electoral college victory. Keep trusting those CNN & MSNBC polls.
lol - did it take you that long to come up with that one?! You know HRC won the popular vote by MILLIONS, right? MILLIONS?
Thank you from  real, unpaid constituent!
Grrr
Took down references to combating climate change from White House website
Yemen!  I'll just leave it at that. 
he fired Sally Yates, dismantles EPA, sells or closes NYT, States want to lessen demonstration rights...
What a piece of work..ant this the leader of the free world? Oh ya not anymore.
What have you missed? Total truth - you use partial truths to mislead - you are another example of why he got in!
thank you for representing your constituents with integrity. Keep it up!
Thank you @SenBennetCO! @SenCoryGardner, have you seen this? Also, #noDevos from a non-paid 80302 constituent.
- he removed the experts on the Nstional Security Council. Very dangerous!
How about the way he began Black History Month...disgraceful...but then what did we expect.
pics are great but what are you going to do to stand up for your Democratic constituency and fight this administration?
Thank you, Senator Bennett, for all of your hard work for CO & USA!!
- (2/2) you can't do anything wrong. You have been doing nothing for the past 8 years but complain. Stir up and repeat.
you forgot Makes America Great Again -- Please President Trump keep going only faster please
didn’t know America wasn’t great before. #lame #ignorant
sticks and stones .  .  .
more in the morning,good job,carry on #TheResistance
what about Black Hostory Month, @realDonaldTrump forgot about Fredrick Douglass and the team praising Pres. Lincoln
when you know better do better. 3rd column needed to show what you have done to stop the madness
thank you, sir.
thank you!!!! Thanks for speaking the truth, and speaking for the actual wants and needs  of your constitutes!!!
Gag orders on federal research (per leaked internal memos). Could cost Colorado jobs - 30+ federal science labs in our state!
Cory Gardner will find out in 2020 that his ilk greatly underestimate the movement Trump started and he supports.
POTUS goal is to remove all regulations regarding dirty energy industry. Pushing hard for DAPL and KXL, dirtiest of the dirty.
IMPEACH him.
Insists and argues that half a million nonexistent people were at his inauguration.
@eddyrogerparker for starters #DworkinReport  and #trumpleaks and end with you announcing with other senators #impeachTrumpnow
He cleared the way for Key XL and DAPL pipelines to go forward before EIS approval.
.@SenBennetCO
Just so we're clear, Trump has now tried to delegitimize:
-The press
-Scientists 
-Intel community…
He fired Atty Gen'l Susan Yates for upholding the immigration law. Then tried again with his new appointee.  Got shot down.
as a CO expat, millions of us overseas thank you for defending the rights of ALL US citizens not just the wealthy!
what's up @SenCoryGardner?
You make Colorado proud!
@SenCoryGardner so Cory Gardner... are you proud of yourself? There's plenty missing from this list. Stand up or get out
when will he be arrested?
Thank you from Grand Junction!!!
turn a couple GOP senators to our side and fight every thing trump does to hurt us here in CO.
Vote NO on DeVos.  Bad choice for America's children.
Dems ignoring 8 years of lawlessness and throwing a fit with @POTUS bringing law and order back!
Dems demanding thier sleepy time and not showing for work!
#TheResistance
you missed a wee typo: "qualified" not "qualifed"
he authorized a hastily planned mission that killed a navy seal, young girl, and others
Has he left four men to die in Libya and lied about it? Take your "high ground" and stick it up your ass
The White House Spanish language site still hasn't been launched, denying information & opportunities for engagement to many.
You tweeting is a joke when you've done less to save humanity from Trumpthan average citizens. Shame on you. Get to work.
Missed you being able to answer your phone or even have voicemail that works. Missed you standing up to Trump too. Try harder.
As a CO resident, I will actively campaign against YOU! Do you not get that we are sick of your petty games, put up HRC deeds!
As a citizen of Colorado, I will actively campaign FOR you. Thank you for standing up to the wannabe dictator.
I'm confident that you will do the right thing.
Unbelievable
thank you from Fruita!
Still refuses to release his taxes and claims nobody cares. Wrong!
great summary. Now what can we do about it? How can we make this matter?Help us help you make change?We're here to put in work.
Thanks for speaking up & fighting for us.
thank you from Durango! Let us know what we can do to help!
let us know how expats can help too! Watching from afar brings on the homesickness.
Thank you from Boulder, Senator!
#NeverForgetBowlingGreen
he also fired his acting attorney general for standing up against his immoral travel ban
yes! This one frightened me almost as much as Bannon -signals his intent to dispense with those who disagree w him
that is what dictators do
We have tried over and over to leave you a message. We are your constituents and want our opinions represented in Washington!
put Bannon in power, appointed unqualified rich people to posts #DeVos
What's missing? The Congressional probe into Russian hacking and Trump campaign ties. Where is it?
thanks for standing up for your Colorado constituents.
the rest of us crying as we realize it’s only been 2 weeks?
All we are saying is "give good policies a chance to work," Senator.
please do everything you can to block his agenda!
Threatened to send "Feds" to Chicago. Took credit 4 Obama's jobs report. Tweeted abt SNL and Apprentice. Threatened Mexico
Made up terrorist attack, the Bowling Green Massacre.
Proposed 20% tax on Mex products to pay 4 wall then reniged.
can you please freeze rent prices in Denver. We're dying
a vacation at his hotel that our taxes are paying for, right? No conflict of interest there.
may want to share this info with your compadre @SenCoryGardner
wise words from State Rep. Beth Fukumoto (R-HI) this week... 1/2
Gives order to finish the oil pipeline #DAPL & overturns @ObamaWhiteHouse
XL Keystone too
#Cease&Resist
https://twitter.com/gonegirlgo/status/828117469843763200 …
Russian Sanctions cyber-security 

Gun control mentally incompetent 

ACA 

Wall 

Tariff Mexico 

Nepotism 

EMOLUMENTS
Dakota pipeline ... energy transfer partners 

China trademark deal 

Australia Iran Mexico England... protests 

EO coal
Defeat ISIS 30 days ?

Sanctuary cities 

Security cost NY secret service
thank you for the work you're doing!
THANK YOU for this. As a Coloradan I am PERSONALLY GRATEFUL every time my Legislators keep Trump accountable!
pushed hiding foreign money in oil - he knew that was happening while we were laughing about Frederick Douglas
threatened to invade Mexico on call with Mexican president
@ActorAaronBooth still makes trump products in China, uses prime TV time to game show a new Supreme Court justice
Senator, there is a case on the docket of the SCOTUS that I don't understand. Check this out
@RadioFreeTom @20committee @ericgarland 

Know any constitutional lawyers who can explain this tweet?

…
I oppose Trump but nullifying the election results through the SCOTUS seems like a very bad idea. Bad precedent to set.
That's even if that case is what the original Tweeter said it was. I'm not an attorney so I don't really understand all this.
First bald-faced white supremacist, fascist President.
