I'm sincerely concerned #Bannon is more dangerous now, out of WH - zero accountability, knows too much. Staged exit. Treacherous. #RESIST
You sound like one tough cookie that will never be happy.  Thought about some coping counseling or moving to somewhere else?
Senate approval 16%. Rather than criticize @POTUS consider doing YOUR job. Complete the agenda you were elected to WITH your party's LEADER
Trump isn't a president, he is a joke.
MAGA!
MAGGOT
Yup, he is the biggst loser, everyone hates him.
Hitler lover.
Hopefully you will vote for TAX REFORM...Will Schumer let you? Hope so/Party first! Party on! Just like POTUS you have a job to do so do it!
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/898660629799739393 … (Ranked 1st for Aug 18.)
It's all a ploy. He will be rallying Trump's base from Breitbart. The chaos is Trump himself and that will never change or improve.
Ultimately assassins attacking GOP playing ball and Antifa masked, violent, thugs attacking peaceful citizens are represented by ur orgs!!!
#FakeNews You show a blatant disregard for the facts. Stop being a Schumer puppet and think for yourself. #Get2Work
It would have been nice to hear you advocate Bannon being fired before he was....
Sad when people celebrate when someone loses their job.
Tone is hardly relevant; accomplishments are outstanding! You should be supporting the President.
It won't end here.
Agree that words were opinions of @realDonaldTrump and his alone. But even if Bannon is out, he is not down. AND has Breitbart as a pulpit.
I see still crying over the election loss. #getoverit
You are a hypocrite and obstructionist Mr Bennett.
Why don't  u focus on getting health care and taxes done instead of the stupid tweets.
Is it a requirement to be an idiot to be a democrat or you just have to be simple minded? How you find fault with calling out all violence.
Yuuup! Thank you from Denver'
Have you disavowed antifa yet?
Bannon; 1 of 3 nationalist that need to go. Miller & Gorka should be next, then Trump himself, if we truly want to clean the House..
Idiots
Shouldn't you just agree to disagree with people who have differing view points? Instead of advocating for their removal? #liberallogic
Wow!  I expected better from a Colorado Senator, but didn't get it.  Your statement was very much out of line and disturbing.
On the outside of the WH, armed w/info gathered inside, get ready for the attacks to really begin against all foes to his/DJTs agenda.
That was a drop in the bucket the main drop in the bucket is removing Trump
He can't walk back what he said.  I can't unhear his blatant defense of neo nazis.
jump in a lake bennet
Thank you for speaking out! You are right. Bannon shouldn't be in POTUS circle at all. It is disgraced to hear from our POTUS #45 lately.
Just one problem, he was one of the only rational voices on the subject of North Korea, now you've just got warmongers.
We need a Congress that will stand for our founding document. "All men are created equal", the Declaration of Independence.
I thought all was driven by passion or greed. Now I feel it's driven by hate and inequity.  If we don't solve inequality it will get ugly.
Bannon was a boil on the face of America, Trump is bubonic plague.
I don't like Brannon's politics but he seems to have principles according to his beliefs, unlike Trump and enabler VP
So. Who do we remove next?
Trump and Pence!
Call me crazy & truly I was waiting for this day but something about it just doesn't seem right. Bannon has a plan for sure.
Removing @POTUS divisive, nationalist influence from WH is long overdue. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Agreed. Thank you Senator.
#Bannon resigning is a good thing. But Trump is still Trump and no amount of resignations is going to change that. Heed Hillary's words.
Yes. Thank you. However, he will continue to assist Trump from the outside. It is time to #Impeachtrumpnow.
Can we start impeachment now
Meanwhile, @SenCoryGardner is in a dark room, eating ice cream out of the carton, watching "Birth of a Nation" (the old one), and crying.
We need a real president like Obama, not like fake trumpturd! #ImpeachTrumpAndPenceNow
Obama wasn't a President.  He was an embarrassment to our great nation and a POS.
The biggest POS is the nazi traitor in our WH! he's an international embarrassment! Obama is the greatest president and great human being!
We aren't going away senator
Thank you, sir. Proud to have volunteered on your 2016 campaign.
I agree with Erica. Miller and Gorka are equally divisive and should be shown the door.
Couldn't agree more now let's get rid of the real problem IMPEACH AND IMPRISON
Well, Trump is a Bigot, so what does that tell you?
Bannon will now take the GOP and Trump all the way down.
Agreed! Thank you, Senator. Please support the effort to formally censure Trump's refusal to condemn white supremacists.
Senator, still waiting for your clear and public condemnation of ANTIFA. Without it, the assumption has to be that YOU SUPPORT ANTIFA.
I didnt hear anything resembling a condolance. Do mean the condemnation of all involved and the referance to a permit? Fact are facts!
Wut?
This is exactly right. The Bannon exit smells badly of diversion.
We deserve a better President. The 2016 Popular vote is a testament to that.
I've got bad news for you if you think nationalism is going anywhere.
Thank you!! I'm a constituent.
BANNON will continue to advise trump. He was the sacrifice for Trump's #Charlottesville comments. Divisiveness is all trump has, his "base".
Keep on branding us as nazis for wanting strong borders and an economy that doesn't benefit Chinese middle-class instead of us. Just go on.
You are branded as Nazis for your white supremacist, racist ideology which has nothing to do with borders and China. Just sayin'
How about Gorka and Miller too?  That would improve what people see, at least
Now--let's get rid of Gorka & Miller!
Your opinion is incorrect.
It's funny... your party has been asking for his head for a while now.. and now it's not a good idea..#neverhappy #yourproblem #MAGAwitoutu
Because truth is obviously disgraceful.
Agreed.  Thank you @SenBennetCO for your leadership.
