Is Gardner on the same page? Is it true one CO (R) voted against that shitty health plan?
Yes.. coffman was one of 20 on the side of the people instead of insurance compan profits
Thank you for resisting this horrible bill.
No one believes your lies. Remember the you can keep your Dr & keep your Plan lie you told everyone. #zerocredibility
I am so ashamed at the way the House of Reps acted today. I am calling on all Americans to help fight for our healthcare #classactionsuit
Keep fighting the good fight, sir. Proud I voted for you!
Thanks
Thank you @SenBennetCO. Keep fighting the good fight on behalf of COs and ALL citizens. @SenCoryGardner: your turn to do the right thing.
Thank you, keep fighting the good fight. 80863
Shouldn't you at least vote for it to see what is inside the bill?  #hypocrite
Obamacare is a disaster. Stop complaining and being hyper partisan.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/860222833171066880 … (Ranked 2nd for May 4.)
I've seen a lot of your complaining on Twitter @SenBennetCO   Exactly when are you going to start working on bipartisan solutions?
You seem blind to the economic realities of health care!! AHAC may not be the beat answer, but Obamacare was going broke.  Find the middle!
Are you kidding me? Whats the difference between that and what is going on now. U lie sir you are playing party politics not working for me
They have already lost it obcare failed insurers pulling out
Thank you for opposing this bill!!!
Your Obama Care you supported was not working.  All you wanted was to "fix it" but no suggestions on how.  @POTUS
Only one of the reasons I'm happy to have you represent me!
Only one if the reasons I'm happy to have represent me - thanks, Michael!!
Thank you and I have your back
House bill is a disgraceful tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of the vulnerable - who are these people ???
Thank you!
Please resist the bill! Protect women's healthcare & those with preexisting conditions. Thanks for your work!
thank you Senator Bennet.
Please promise me that you will not let the GOP force throught the Senate with reconciliation.
I hope you can talk @SenCoryGardner into joining you in that fight #singlepayer is the solution. Get rid of insurance companies
many thanks!
Again,not fixing problem but craft of a repeal of start of a solution to a long term prob by trying to fit into ideological box.Never works
A bill that (-)affects those that need most assist & helps the young,healthy $ wealthy of supposed financial burden.Pathetic proposal
thank you @SenBennetCO for your no vote - representing Coloradoans
Looking to you to lead the charge to block this horrible bill. Let the House Repubs look like the cons they are. They care not about people!
Thank you Senator Bennet! Please resist in the Senate!
Hey bennet, thanks for the support! Any chance you can get cory to listen?
Please work on your colleague Senator Gardner.
Thank you @SenBennetCO!
Thank you, sir. Please continue to do all that you can for Coloradans.
Thank you Senator!
@SenCoryGardner  I am a constituent from 80907 Colorado Springs. Kill this bill with your vote AGAINST it!
Keep standing up for all of us. This Rep run Gov is scary.
Thank you. As for @RepTipton he just handed in his resignation.
Thank you, Sen. Bennett.  After this fisaco, I am thinking more and more that we need to remove the ins. companies and go for Medicare 4 all
thank you, Senator. Means a lot today to know we can count on you to look out for us. Hope @SenCoryGardner will do the same!
Thank you, Senator Bennet.  I'm grateful to have at least one senator representing me who cares about the welfare of the American people.
Thank you Senator - healthcare should not be a partisan issue - we all have to use it - Keep up the good fight
Thank you, @SenBennetCO.  We are counting on people like you to protect Coloradans from this giant step backwards in our health care.
Thank you we will fight with you!
Obama Care was going broke and insurers pulling out, so by all means work with Reps to create the best outcome. Healthcare not political.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for caring about us!
It's time for single payer!  Fight for us!!
Thank you Senator. Coloradans will suffer and die if this passes. Your job has never been more important. It must be stopped!
No one is going to die, obcare is gone, new must be voted in
You I support the other not o much
I will be calling Cory daily! This cannot pass senate or it will be war in the trenches.
Thank you Senator. Please convince your counterpart @SenCoryGardner to do the same
Please tell us how we can help you fight this appalling, deadly piece of corrupt legislation. We want to help!
Thank you Senator Bennet!
Thank you Senator Bennet for standing up for the rights of the most vulnerable Coloradans, especially those trapped w/in the opioid crisis
You would think, Mr. Tipton serving many rural communities would agree, but he clearly doesn't.
no one cares about the house bill because everyone knows you just sold us out to a police state
Thank you!
Purple is the new BLUE! I have always been a voter of conscience and never vote party line...I will from now on. @SenCoryGardner @RepKenBuck
Thank you...  keep fighting.
You've never been bi-partisan before. Why start now.
Thank you! Proud to have you representing us.
THANK YOU!!!
I'm so glad we have at least one senator fighting
Me too - I will be hounding the other one.
Same. I think his office is sick of me.
#goals
Thank you
