JUST IN: Jeff Sessions says “I feel I should not be involved in investigating a campaign I had a role in” http://dpo.st/2mQBfGy  
No, he needs to resign. The GOP dragged Clinton through shit for a blow job. This is colluding with a foreign power and lying.
So glad I don't have to call your office about this! Hold him accountable. The law should matter.
Yes, and #SessionsMustResign
Should we investigate Pelosi too??? Or only GOP?
your job is to unravel this. He lied under oath. Unacceptable!
#SessionAG

@SenBennetCO "Recusal first step, but independent prosecutor commission still needed" 

@SenCoryGardner where do you stand?
let's have independent prosecutor look into C Schumer, N Pelosi, C McCaskill's Russian ties!
trying to change the subject from #SessionsAG.  A little hint; nothing screams guilt louder than trying to change the subject
no,no that's the only thing you candy asses understand!  We call it: Do unto others as you would wish them to do unto you!
you will be calling on Sessions to resign, correct? Join other Dem senators doing so.

Sessions needs to RESIGN too!  Get him OUT, please!
Baloney! This is bogus, and you know it!
Thank You!
absolutely! And he should not be our AG. Candor and attn to detail should be a given in his position.
Thank you for speaking out.
@indivisibleden Stay strong and focused. Do not give an inch, we are watching. 80227
EXCELLENT for starters! But Americans INSIST on a complete independent investigation!  Please follow up!!
Zip code 80209
Please join some of your senate & house colleagues calling for his resignation.
please call for resignation
You know this is nonsense but you will not do the right thing.  Can't even say you will vote for Gorsuch.  So sad!  
Recusal is not enough.  Sessions must face criminal repercussions.  Push for a Trial.  Evidence available on @cspan.
Sessions should be held to the same standard he held on others. Use his own words. Treat him as he treated others.
.@SenBennetCO Will your GOP colleagues advocate for independ.prosc? Think not. Test to their patriotism. This is a democracy issue. A duty.
Yes! Sessions must also resign and perjury should be considered.
Absolutely.
I totally agree.  It appears that there's something bigger behind the numerous contacts w Russia.  Special prosecutor req'd!
@denverpost my goodness. Get a grip.
The Russians exposed the corruption of the DNC - I think that was a good thing. The American people had a right to know.
as well as resignation.
funny, I don't remember you saying anything about Eric Holder or Loretta Lynch?
He needs to resign, he's lost all credibility.
I Hope that Comey is not heading the investigation. I wouldn't trust anything coming from his office.
How is this not perjury? Don't stop pushing! Equal treatment under the law. #SessionsLied #sessionsperjury #FireSessions
I hear #SallyYates is available.
Retweet this if you're down.
RESIGN NOW
just like you called for independent investigation of AG Lynch & HRC! Hypocrisy
glad at least one of my Senators recognizes the gravity of this.
@SenCoryGardner NO, we need this investigation to thru Judicial branch - Leg & Exec branches are biased- GOP runs them
It's not just about what happened during the campaign. What was he doing during his time acting as a Senator? That's important
that's right Mr. Bennet! We won't settle for less. Thank you!
.@SenBennetCO sounds like something you and @SenCoryGardner can work together in! #80303 #CO
Yes! Keep it up! We also deserve to know how far in bed this admin is with Russia. Very uneasy about that.
Please, get to the bottom of all of this mess.  We need to know what happened and figure out what needs to be done.
HE should never have been given that position!
Our chief law enforcement officer lied under oath! He is NOT above the law. #NoMoreLies #ProsecuteSessions
an independent prosecutor would be completely ridiculous and a waste of taxpayer money.
please explain....I'm listening.  Birther movmt, R wing obstructing Obama unimaginable waste. This is real!
recusal is only the first step. With more of #45's people involved, it's really time to push for Ind. Commission.
oh please!?! No crime was committed. Stop! Stop., stop! We are sick and tired of the dems crap!
*per (jury)

Is a crime ...

He should quit ...
Yes! Independent commission, not special prosecutor! Let's shed some light!
thank you for taking a strong position on this. @SenCoryGardner please follow suit. Our country deserves answers.
absolutely- thanks for fighting for justice.
Yes, but resignation is also essential. The nation's top lawyer cannot have perjured himself before Congress. Unacceptable.
Resignation is second step.
@denverpost Thank you Sen for speaking out but resignation is the only acceptable outcome for #Sessions, please demand it.
Thank you for being on the right side of history Senator, and for making your positions on issues clear & quickly public. 
.@RepBarbaraLee is right. Resignation not recusal. Stand up & be PROUD TO BE A DEM MIKE! GET LOUD & STRONG, not soft n squishy!
Dana Boente is tainted to say the least. She needs to go as well.
independent prosecutor & commission needed.We need to know what happened. Future US & other Country's elections maybe at stake.
only resignation & prosecution 4 perjury will suffice. Unless Sessions' own standards apply to Dems but not himself?
second step, resignation!!!!
