What would've been spare $ goes to freaking Obamacare instead.
Why are you contributing to the destruction of our democracy by voting yes on SCOTUS nom of a prez under FBI investigation? #stopgorsuch
That's a start. Vote NO on Gorsuch and Dark Money. And support DeGette in congress!
You're supporting Putin's pick to the SCOTUS. Just thought I'd let you know, bud.
Vote NO on Gorsuch, you coward. You WILL be replaced.
Vote NO on Gorsuch. This is a make it or break it decision - do you represent your consituents or CO $ cronies?
It's not partisan it's Gorsuch is way to conservative. Do not bs us please
Be with US!!!
Why are you 'on the fence' about #Gorsuch? A president under investigation doesn't GET to appoint a Supreme. 

VOTE NO. I'll be calling
Stand with the Dems and vote no/support the filibuster on Gorsuch. Don't support him just because he's a Colorado judge. You're transparent.
Why are you not doing what is right and supporting a filibuster. NO on Gorsuch, it's simple, you have to be smarter than to be on the fence
Why are you making it easier for Republican nominees to be appointed? Both are questions neither of us should have to be asking. #resist
VOTE NO until we KNOW!  What is wrong with you?! #trumpRICO
don't let 'home state' cloud your judgment on Gorsuch. His ideology disqualifies him from serving. #NoOnGorsuch
Your Gorsuch support is going to cost you.
Do you actually care? Your move to support Gorsuch just sold out ever person trying to save for retirement. SHAME!
Sources reporting this ass will vote yes on Gorsuch cloture vote.  A blue state & he isn't up for reelection until 2022.
Bennet clearly supports overturning Roe v. Wade and supports Trump's muslim travel ban.
With all due respect you must #FilibusterGorsuch
You are a part sir.
Lifelong Democrat here - up and down ballot party line - but will never vote 4 u again if you vote yes on Gorsuch.
Why are you making it harder to re elect you? Vote NO or Gorsuch
Why did you just betray your constituents?
Your refusal to filibuster Gorsuch is a betrayal of me and all the other  Colorado Dems who volunteered,contributed to you. Heartbroken!
A president under criminal federal investigation should not be allowed to pick or supreme court justice
Because you hate America and you want to destroy this country!!!
Yes! For those of us who can it's ridiculous re changes to IRAs and other plans!
You back corporations over people if you support Gorsuch. I smell a change in the air in Colorado.
Us Colorado Citizens and this Colorado Native need you to vote YES for Gorsuch. He is 100% qualified. Colorado is proud of Gorsuch!
you're bought and paid for by lobbyist and special interest groups. You've done a poor job representing the Dems of CO!! Shame.
Because, like you, they are only interested in creating their own wealth 
A CO Sen voting for cloture on Gorsuch. This is a vote for the Muslim travel ban and reversal of Roe.  Terrible Dem, worse American.
I have supported every winning nominee in every primary going back for decades. If you're losing voters like me, you're losing your primary.
Just heard you are betraying your country and voting for Gorsuch. Can't wait to destroy your political career and kick you out of the party.
MERRICK
Filibuster. #frozentrucker "Bennet joins @GOP in bipartisan support" -- good luck if that's tomorrow's headline.
As a fellow Coloradoan, I urge you to vote for Neil Gorsuch who is eminently qualified for SCOTUS.  Is there no end to this partisan BS.
Mike vote for Gorsuch, stop playing around. Colorado farmers are watching you, so are independents who vote.
I'm a independent from Pueblo, grew up in Holly. They say your pro farmer and fair. Vote for Gorsuch, we want him!!
Congress represents the banking interests who want to pocket fees from retirement funds and therefore oppose state #IRA's.
NO GORSUCH
Americans saving more is a great idea! But why do we move the responsibility from the individual to government? We need better leaders
We would really appreciate your vote for #gorsuch he's a good man and would be fair and honest. Are you? We pray you are. TY Sincerely US 
You know what's also bad for workers? Neil Gorsuch. Do not confirm.
Colorado Citizens Need you to vote YES for Gorsuch. He has worked hard all his life for this. 100% qualified. Colorado is proud of Gorsuch!
Please vote no on Gorsuch. His record puts corporations and big business before people. His appt. is questionable.
If you vote for Gorsuch kiss your political career goodbye! You better learn how to ask, "Do you want fries with that?" if you do!
because you like our money!
Keep the faith don't buckle. America First. Nulle Bastardo Carborundum.
Why are you making it harder for Americans by backing trumps scotus pick quisling
Please vote NO on Gorsuch. You have a duty to all Amers to not let his radical  conservatism on the court. Pls. don't vote to keep your job.
Just get the hell out of the way!  The private sector can solve this. #INDIVIDUALRESPONSIBILITY
Aren't you part of Congress, or is the Senate not responsible?  Support Gorsuch or explain youself to the people of Colorado.
Vote NO on Gorsuch:Dark money,anti women's rights,disability rights, civil rights.Overruled by SCOTUS 8-0.No vote until #Russia investigated
Please stand up to Russian interference in election by supporting @SenSchumer filibuster. Say no to Putin/Trump seat on SCOTUS #NoGorsuch
Do you think Gorsuch would side with Americans trying to save for retirement, or corporations that own GOP Congress? #StopGorsuch
The working class is going to have to work until they are in so much pain, they off themselves.  Greatest country to ever grace the Earth?
And this may end up in the Supreme Court.. so which side are you fighting for???
Why r u not voting for Gorsuch?
So this administration wants us to work hard, pay taxes, pay more for HC & get nothing in return, including future?
Auto save programs are government and employers imposing saving on individuals.  This country was built on people making there own choices.
Why are you undecided on Gorsuch? It appears that most of your @sendems are against #Gorsuch #StopGorsuch @SenBennetCO please #copolitics
Confirm Gorsuch.   Don't be a partisan
Since you site statistics then you must vote NO on #Gorsuch because more Coloradan's voted for @HillaryClinton agenda not Trump's!
Yes! We need to make it clear that GOP is for corporations, not ordinary folks. Dems are the only party looking out for the little guy.
#StopGorsuch who has characteristics of #Fascists like rest of administration whether they admit it or not!
#Gorsuch admitted he was a #Fascist in college rulings since favor corporate control at expense of majority! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/propaganda-campaign-for-fascism-in.html … 
Please keep your campaign promise when you said Republicans can trust you. Vote yes on Gorsuch. These fake smear campaigns are ridiculous.
Was wondering the same thing. Thank you for serving Colorado well.
Plan to have v rich and v poor, like the good old days. poor will beg for low wages and manufacturing jobs return
#weobject ARE YOU AWARE OF THIS HASHTAG? Opppse the confirmation and cloture of Gorsuch. Don't be a coward.
Please lower my taxes!!! This is the largest barrier to me saving more for retirement!
Vote NO on Gorsuch! @coloradoan
Because "Americans saving for retirement" don't give a zillion $$$ to Congressional campaigns. "Financial industry" does.
Too much common sense coming from you Senator. Can you please share some with Sen Gardner?
Why are you still undecided on Gorsuch? His record shows he consistently puts corporations over people. Stand with your supporters! #resist
Please support Neil Gorsuch. We need to get on with things
Alphonse Maddin wanted to save money too Fired because he chose life over his truck. #Gorsuch supported his firing. Vote NO!
Because they fail to enact laws that prevent the Government from confiscating already taxed amassed family wealth in the form of DEATH TAXES
Thank you for supporting us!  And filibuster Gorsuch to prevent a generation of injustice. Please.
Is this a rhetorical question. ?.. I mean it is Congress we're talking about right...
Please vote NO on Gorsuch. Thank you.
liberals have been making it harder for decades by confiscating the productive money & giving it to the beggars
You must be a very unhappy person. Those mean people stealing all of your hard earned money. Just think about the new auto you missed!
not unhappy just giving  facts We've created legal theft from the beggars through shit liberal politicians
why don't you politicians get real jobs and let Americans live freely?
Agreed - why not give folks another choice for their retirement savings? Also, Please Filibuster Gorsuch! Make a stand!
People already have the choice to start an IRA. This just automates it, further removing the responsibility from the individual.
why does Congress do most of the stupid crap they do?why can't we just live unhindered by government?
To protect people like you
that actually scares me
Do you like drinking safe water? Do you drive a car on public roads. Have kids in school? Want a fair trial? Not cheated when you buy?
you make Mr Bennett sound God like.does he make the Sun rise as well?
NO TO GORSUCH.
Are you going to force me into my job's choice of investment? Or can I opt out like a grownup & pick my own retirement plan?
Auto opt-in means that by default you are opted in, but you can always opt-out. Your choice.
Auto-opt-in *might* mean there's an out. If I can't, it's possibly using up some of my limited contributions. Post doesn't say, so I asked.
More vocal these days , that's good.  Voting to Filibuster #NeilGorsuch, that's Priceless 
