single payer
Cosign. That’s the solution. It’s obvious & the only thing standing in the way is ridiculous ideological objection.
it's time to elect people that are willing to state their support for single payer
and no one in congresses has to use it how American.not good enough for the privileged class? Corrupt politicians
Medicare for all.
Medicaid for all
Wait until 2018.
you shoved it down our throats and now you want help fixing it? Didn't need any bipartisan to screw it up. Kill the dam thing.
Tell that to @SenCoryGardner since he won't talk with us.
Bipartisanship wasn't a word in your vocabulary when you were the deciding Obamacare vote!
Agree, but let's forgive him and start clean. I like what an editorial board wrote in today's paper re: healthcare:
Thanks for sharing.Less fed involvement would be gr8!Let states play their role as test cells 4 different solutions.Not sure Dems want that
How about speaking to those small business owners who provide healthcare INSURANCE but can't themselves afford to use it?
Join the rest of the world with universal health care
That doesn't drive health care investment or innovation, and the industry needs both.
Well, that should be the case, but why did you vote to roll back Dodd-Frank protections???? UNBELIEVABLE--- you don't have my vote in the next cycle----bye bye
Yeah, we'll tell that to the Dems who refuse to work with us.  Shameful.
Too bad you did not feel this way when you voted for Obamacare.  No more subsidies or exceptions for Obmacare for Congress and their staff.
Incorrect! #SinglePayerNow #UniversalHealthCare is the only way forward. Don't compromise with #Fascist #republicans .
Let's look into measures that improve price transparency, personal health accountability, & put ppl closer to the cost of what they counsume
Colorado people get it where is Cory Gardner why doesn't he get it
Because obaaaaaaamacare sucks.
The only solution is a single payer system. Bipartisanship is not going to achieve that.
There's an excellent editorial in today's Springs _Gazette_ on this topic, sir. Highly recommended! http://m.gazette.com/editorial-colorado-governor-wants-states-to-solve-health-care-crisis/article/1608140 … #Healthcare
- Do you know how to WORK? For 7 months you have RESISTED EVERYTHING AND ACCOMPLISHED NOTHING!!! That ain't work!! We will remember!!
#FakeRepresentative @SenBennetCO taking kickbacks from special interest while promoting any issue calling 4 bigger Government & more $$$
Repubs aren't interested in fixing it - did you not see their last vote?
Let me get this straight. You voted for This ACA disaster and now you want to be the one to fix it? Ridiculous.
Universal Healthcare!
Thank you for your stance @SenBennetCO .
I hope Trump rips away your special subsidies so you can experience raw Obamacare for yourself.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/891711071576354817 … (Ranked 1st for Jul 30.)
So. Now Trump wants to cut subsidies?  Then in all fairness for lower income folks cut Medicaid too. People over 60 can't pay 1/2 their
Amen to that!! Bipartisanship is the way forward, hope McConnell realizes that.
And make darn sure you people have to eat your own cooking.
Yeah, Good Luck unfucking the Obamacare nightmare that the Democrats SINGLE HANDEDLY AND FORCIBLY shoved down Americas throat.
Single payer
YES, I sent the plan for bi-partisan support to Alexis in your Denver office last week. Get with Senators Gardner, Capito , Manchin call me
@SenBennetCO fights for bipartisanship for the sake of bipartisanship.  Don't you have any actual real values?
Oh here @SenBennetCO goes again with his bipartisan stuff.  He seems to think bipartisanship is a virtue.
The less government involvement,the better.  All gov does is make health care more expensive, not any better.
Explain to Americans why you - our employees - don't give us access to 200+ plan FEHBP we provide you, with 72% paid premium we pay for you?
Bet you wish you didn't talk so much shit in the last 6 months spreading your lies and hate speech to divide the country even more :
Single payer/Medicare for all is the only answer. Insurance companies have screwed us over. Enough of getting rich off our health!
One party had the votes to break it in the first place.
Single Payer eliminates VA, Medicare, Medicaid and insurance companies in matters of human health
Medicare is bankrupt, Medicaid is bankrupt, social security is bankrupt. What do they all have in common? Hmmmm.....Government run.  Next!
I SO agree. Start working TOGETHER.
You should work with @SenSanders on #singlepayer legislation.
Expand medicare to cover everyone (pd from payroll taxes), go to drug companies for better prices...kinda like what GOP promised
Medicare for all but they must all be willing to participate and pay for it!I pay $105/mo out of my SS.It's workable on a $ scale for All.
Not everyone is going to be happy but as the saying goes,you can please some of the ppl some of the time but not all of the ppl all the time
Full Repeal, No Replacement and full IRS refunds of the penalties for the past three years.
Dems are now invited to the table. Object is to fix ACA so there has to be flexibility, give and take to make it work for everyone!
You keep saying that. Where was the bipartisanship in 2009 when you and your cronies shoved it down our throat. Surprise us you try!
It works! People love it! 48 Dems just voted to keep skyrocketing premiums and deductibles!
Thanks, senator!  Too bad six months have been wasted by the GOP.
single payer is the thing
Move to Canada
I am 57 and disabled and my Medicare begins next anyone can receive health insurance now If they want it.
What is there to fix about Obamacare, nothing.
Full Repeal, No Replacement and full IRS refunds of the penalties for the past three years.
THANK YOU!  Please talk to your colleagues & @SenCoryGardner, he is a disgrace to Colorado.
Yeah, single payer worked for Charlie Gard.
Insurance like we had before the government got involved is what we need.
Repeal Obamacare and go back to competition, which works to bring costs down.
The government should not be in medicine, just ask the parents of Charlie Gard who couldn't even take their son home to die!
Charlie was incurably ill, No therapy could help him, He only suffered, Read the statement from dr. Mirano of april
A US doctor flew over there to determine there was something that could be done, but the 'death panel' would not release him...
...until ultimately it WAS too late. People who want the government in medicine don't know what they're asking for.
Medicare for all. That is the only answer.
I truly believe if we renamed Universal Health Care something that fed Trump's ego he would get on board. Like "Trump is awesome care"
Fix it with single payer.
Yep one party has the ability to make it fail
Mitchell D. Stein, you can turn the Flag upright.  Obama has been out of office for six plus months.  MAGA
give the people the same insurance the congress gets for free!
No such thing as free.
@ImpactDemocracy The only reason it needs 'fixing' is because of the relentless obstruction of the criminal gang known as #GOP
Imagine how good the healthcare bill that could net 60 votes would be....that should be the goal.
Funny this wasn't your stance in 2009 but Dems did have the votes and passed a non-partisan failure. 51 votes are enough. #RepealAndReplace
Wrong!  Healthcare is a commodity.  If you want single-payer mover to Ottawa
Join John McCain and others and get this done...
Great. But don't make it worse, just so you can say you 'compromised' - we need better health care, not some ephemeral 'bipartisanship.'
Hmmm. If only our other senator could see that. @SenCoryGardner
Then start working with the republicans instead of just talking about it!
I'm glad that intelligence isn't a prerequisite for politics. Otherwise, it would be far less entertaining.
Time for Medicare for All that is what a majority of this country wants Senator.
Not the best.
YES! .@SenCoryGardner .@SenateMajLdr .@GOP .@SenateGOP .@HouseGOP .@realDonaldTrump .@SenSchumer work to fix the ACA & #ProtectOurCare
Full Repeal, No Replacement and full IRS refunds of the penalties for the past three years.
Bipartisanship to pass Medicare for all is the only way. Healthcare for profit is cruel, period!
Just make sure one size fits all. Not just for a few with $$$$
It's become clear that "great healthcare for everybody" and "repeal and replace" are mutually exclusive. Bipartisan regular order please!
Single Payer
Move to Canada
I agree, the democrats took a meat axe to a few pimples health care had
Get a 3-tier system. Cash only primary, Ins 4 Major Medical, Gov't 4 mental health. Subsidize certain clinics for low cost care where needed
please tell me that @SenateDems now have the opportunity to get the job of fixing ACA done!
