Dems had Harry Reid do it November 2013. GOP did the same thing today.
As Obama said "Elections Have Consequences, And I Won"
#copolitics
Sen Bennet(D) was apparently proud of Sen Bennet voting to change Senate filibuster in 2013. What changed?
#copolitics #cosen
I'll look forward to seeing you voted out of office. Your "no" vote, cowardly! #PeterPrinciple!
You have disgraced all of us in Colorado that supported this fine judge. Who did you listen to? Michael Moore?
Bad vote.  Gorsuch is so qualified.  Many people voted in Nov based on who will pick the next justice.  This is nonesense.
Rules should not be changed to accommodate the outcome
SenB - is it also the @SenateGOP that is to blame for you confirming only 2 of 23 Judicial & 48 of 197 Agency WH appts? Bipartisan? Get real
Thank you for showing some measure of courage and voting against Gorsuch! He is ANTI-Woman, ANTI-Worker, ANTI-Colorado. Kevin in 81001!
If you can honestly say Judge Gorsuch is not qualified,  then that tells me all I need to know   about your judgement. Pure Partisan.
So you voted on party line vs.facts and evidence that he is totally qualified - the chasm deepens and widens due to party pettiness.
You are not voting based on the best interests of Colorado or USA. Apply some "butt hurt" cream and do your job.
Thank you!Thank you! Thank you! NO on Gorsuch!
Thank you for taking a stand. Keep up the fight! #resist
Good on you, @SenBennetCO
Time to stop playing games then. No matter what candidate is up for nomination Dims would have blocked it anyway.
Gorsuch is one of the finest candidates  for Supreme Court Justice that I can remember and you voted "NO"  I am disappointed. No for you!
So, you chose to vote against the republicans at the expense of one of the most qualified candidates ever nominated.  We will remember this.
U are a true wimp in the finest tradition of quasi-Coloradan pols.
So disappointed @SenBennetCO, but not surprised. We certainly can't have you vote FOR anything good for Colorado. Who is it you represent?
HAHAHAHAHAHA!
The Democrats, when they thought they would win a majority!
didn't the democrats start the nuclear war?
TY @SenBennetCO for having integrity in this matter. Disappointed the @SenateGOP made the choice to not safeguard protections #StopGorsuch
Yes, GOP invoked the Reid Option to confirm a very qualified candidate
Gorsuch on his very 1st day has shown himself to be a Trump puppet and no nothing.
So it is all about politics and loyalty to party BEFORE state and country? You should be the most ashamed of all you scoundrels!
I’m glad you changed your mind. We’re going to be very sorry for having put this monster in place… #NotMyPresident
I donated to your campaigns in the past you gd traitor. Don't ever ask me for a donation again!!!
It's a same you are such an Igmo. To think that you are nothing but a lamb following the flock. You should think for yourself.
I am saddened by this choice.  Lust for power has truly condemned freedom and chaos will continue to be the ruler as it has for 30 years.
This is about Gorsuch and the Supreme Court. Not petty partisanship. Very disappointed with your decision. @SenateGOP
Will you be taking direction from Sen Schumer on all future votes or just this one?
Wrong decision - your job is to negotiate NOT obstruct!
It is no surprise that Democrats began this erosion then blame the GOP for finishing it. Both parties are to blame.

I'll vote no on your reelection!!
You voted no because you were ordered to by the party and because you want their support to stay in office! You are a coward!!!
You are discrasfull! Total joke! Put your parties lines aside & represent Colorado!
Your job is to serve the ppl not your own interests. Vote yes to confirm. That's what the ppl want. Do your job! You can be replaced.
SHAME ON DEMOCRATS-vote yes on Gorsuch 4/7/17 -USA has big issues on foreign & domestic policy. STOP OBSTRUCTIONISM!
So you'll engage in partisan obstruction while crying about partisan politics. Got it.
Were you crying when Reid invoked in 2013?
Terrible decision Sen Bennett to filibuster! Vote Yes/Gorsuch Friday/deserves at least 60 votes.  +Unite HC/taxes
Thank you for being a sensible Senator
I respect your considered approach to this issue. However, @GOP damaged Senate way before this move. #Gorsuch is an extreme partisan choice.
there's information about a tape of you and a 12-year old boy supposedly having sex. Can you comment about this before the tape goes public.
Thank you, Senator Bennett.
Didn't #dem #harry.reid first make this change?  Appointments.  This is disingenuous.  Beneath you
As one of my representatives in the Senate, thank you Senator Bennet for representing my & the majority of Coloradans' wishes.
Thank you!
Next cycle, Bennett and every other sitting US Rep & Sen should be out; way past time for "the people" to take back govt from the idealogues
Like Obummer's picks were NOT partisan? Are you smoking the weed?
Wow! What a disappointment you are. Neighbors in 80020 are all disappointed with you.
Thank you for voting No.  Are there six more Senators willing to put the people first and change their votes to No??
@SenateDems @SenateGOP
Thank you!
YOU ARE NOT MY SENATOR AND NEVER WILL BE.
You voted a wishy washy vote you are not acting in the interest of the American people. You should resign.
Why can't you be for the USA.
The best interest of the United States is clearly not in your heart & soul. Very ashamed of you.
How can you have it both ways?
You are not a democrat and you will NOT BE  reelected.
Hmmm. So you were in the losing side twice?
Why was it ok in 2013? The hypocrisy is stunning.
And I will be voting NO on @SenBennetCO in 2018
BFD! You sold average Colo citizens down the river.
Thank you for your no vote on Gorsuch & also for the integrity to try to avoid the nuclear option. The latter was a tough vote.
you are dead I worked for your election now anyone who runs against u betrayer
Thanks Senator Bennet! We appreciate your listening to your constituents!
Thank you @SenBennetCO  for your strong stance against the @SenateGOP and their disregard for the American people
Thank you!!!
Centrists like you weaken the resistance. GOP not playing fair? what a surprise. Find the courage of your conviction and represent CO voters
You proved yourself once again to be a partisan hack rather than a thoughtful representative. Gorsuch is an outstanding judge by any measure
How many Federal judges did you vote against to protest the Reid Nuclear rule change?
You're a hypocritical SOB
Mr Bennett you're the worst Senator for Colorado in my 41 years. You only serve the democrats not the people. #teplaceBennet
Illogical thought process. It's not about YOUR PARTY. Escape the groupthink and do right. He's MORE than QUALIFIED, that's the standard.
Thank you
Your vote represents why pot should not be legal . Kind of makes thinking a bit hazy, doesnt it? Enjoy your last erm in office.
You did the wrong thing in my mind.
Thank you for your no vote on Gorsuch!
I get, but I would have respected you more if you would not have stood with GOP. Gorsuch can do lasting damage and that my friend is reality
You forget you were sent to D.C. for us, not your partisan hack friends in New York City and California...Disgraceful!!
Where were you with the Liberals on the filibuster?  Schumer lap dog!  If this were a "Liberal" judge you would love him. HYPOCRITE!
I give you a D-. An F for your NO vote to #ConfirmGorsuch but cloture vote raised your grade to D-. You chose Schumer over CO. #COPolitics
Senator Bennet, you are a hypocrite! You voted to end the filibuster in 2013. Be honest, you never would have supported Gorsuch. #copolitics
LOL!  You guys triggered the nuclear option...well, you think this one is too conservative, just wait for the next one...or two...!
Thank you Senator. You've got my support again. Thanks for listening to your constituents. You are doing the right thing!
Yet no mention of the 2013 change- that you supported- that made this inevitable.
Russian traitors!!!! Whose country is this?!!!!!!!!
Ridiculous.
-- And trying to have it both ways opposing a @SenateDems filibuster and then voting no isn't a "political exercise?"
Actually Harry Reid set this up long ago and you know it.
No, what you did was turn your back on the voters, #gorsuch should have already been confirmed without DNC games.
Boo.   Partisan hack.  #confirmgorsuch
A sad day. I feel like our government has lost all sense of representing Americans as "one people".  We must end this internal war.#gorsuch
Well said!
Harry Reid was a member of the GOP? Who knew!  #gorsuch #SCOTUS #nuclear
Again, nuclear option was great when it worked in your favor but now your against it when it doesn't benefit you. 2/3 vote = inaction.
Thank you, Senator. You continue to have my support and vote.
Glad to hear it.
Thank you, sir!
This will be remembered when you are up for reelection.
He is a qualified judge who will follow the law.  The "questionable" decisions are based upon Congress's inartful and incomplete laws...
GOP was destined to do it. Just as they are destined to be voted out in the next 6 years. Americans are truly woke. Change is a comin'.
Although I can appreciate your difficult situation - political inner circle vs constituents - your actions have likely alienated both.
Thanks for voting no!
You're a two(2) faced "friend" of Justice Gorsuch & HE will NOT forget your vote or your laws/bills... #Karma cc: @MarkDice
Thank you
This is pure party over confirming a respected judge. You are just doing what you have always done since 2009.  No surprise here.
THANK YOU!!!
Too bad you already betrayed you base, you will lose your seat. #resist
Thanks for at least trying to stop the filibuster. Sometimes Dems just can't get out of own way. This wasn't issue to try to appeal to base.
He wasn't trying to stop the filibuster only worried about reelection. We will remember this vote come Election Day
These petty games you guys are playing are ridiculous, as a Coloradan this vote will be remembered when you're up for reelection
Thank you for voting no!
And the people of Colorado will act accordingly. Enjoy your term.
Thanks for the no vote on cloture, but I'm curious: what changed your mind?
Thank you for for voting no.
Bennet tries to blame Bennet voting NO on Gorsuch on Republicans. Just as predicted. Bennet was probably voting NO from start.
#copolitics
Bennet is a hypocrite. He can't take this position now after voting to end the filibuster in 2013.
hes dead to me
Thank you!
