@RandPaul awful choice. I've already lost... cannot afford Obamacare deductable..so, health is not over food.
Of those alleged 22M.....75% will choose to be free of the democrat health insurance mandate that you imposed! Net change 5M! #StopLying
funny you used that hashtag whilst lying 
Here you go Jack.
Thank you Senator Bennet! Please keep fighting - lives depend on it! #ProtectOurCare
Liar, Bennett your just like all the other liberals . Liars and deceivers.
The problem is that the ACA isn't working for many of us. It needs big help. I appreciate your recent comments on that. #singlepayernow
Thank you, Senator. Wish @SenCoryGardner was more like you - like, representing the constituents of CO.
Thank you Senator. Please keep trying to influence @SenCoryGardner. My wife and I are calling him daily.
Thank you for standing firm.
Thank you Senator Bennet for all your hard work. #Trumpcare would hurt Colorado terribly. Most voters want ACA discussed & adjusted.
Thank you for doing the right thing.
I'm calling Gardner everyday!!!
Can't you talk some sense into Cory Gardner?  Thanks for doing the right thing.
Sad you won't even debate or discuss!
It's a crying shame that the Republicans follow Trump's ideas that's not what America wants but yet they listen
Thank you, Senator Bennet! Keep fighting- we need you!
shame on you, as though obstructing the changes America has been crying for is a good thing.
22million? You aren't very good at math or facts. You can't have more losing their healthcare than are in program FAKE FACTS
go sit on @SenCoryGardner's lap, pup
Stay Strong Michael @SenBennetCO.  We need you!  Can you talk some sense into @SenCoryGardner?  He really needs to start representing us.
Cory showed he is nothing but a trump loyalist and radical conservative terrorist with his vote he has endangered millions of lives #evil
You are absolutely sick to call someone a radical terrorist just because he voted for something you don't agree with
Cory with his vote will kill 45,000 people a year. His motive hate & certainty that he is right just like other terrorists. #TrumpcareKills
You watch way to much MSM and are brainwashed to the core. Why don't you provide a solution instead of just polluting valuable oxygen pal
Solution Medicare for all. Radical conservative terrorist trying to use talking points & ad hominem attatcks. No facts. Just hate
Your timeline is full of brainwashed talking points and hate. You have been reported.
Single payer. Give us what you have. How simple. @SenCoryGardner
Of course you did, if you were on it for your own healthcare, you would have voted for it.
just called your office to THANK YOU! wish i could do the same for your counterpart, but alas I cannot.
Thank you!
Our deepest gratitude!

Thank you!Fighting 4 OUR lives is an incredible gift to ALL of US!

Without health, what do you have?

Thank you!!!
Thank-you SEN.BENNET
Proud that you're my Senator! Keep fighting against these awful GOP plans! From Lakewood, Colorado.
Thank you!
Support the 2015 Clean repeal Amendment - it's dying under its own weigh - just put it to sleep and work on facilitating WELLNESS PROGRAMS
You did not do us any favors by resisting! Obozo care is dead ! You can be replaced. Stop resisting, work for America
Throw your weight behind Single Payer.  Just do it.
If you see @SenCoryGardner in the halls, please kick him in the shins for me. He is actively sabotaging the lives of 500K+ Coloradans.
Thank you Senator Bennet. Been reading how this will affect Colorado. Not good. Thank you for looking out for us. #Healthcare
How many of those will choose to drop coverage? You are so misleading.
No you voted to keep failing #Obamcare alive.  It is a government takeover of health care by leftist Dems 7 years ago. It is not sustainable
It reduces the RATE of Medicaid growth. Stop the fear tactics!
Thank you.
TY for all your good public service work...yes a bipartisan bill is the answer to improve health delivery...
Thank you!!! Your efforts are appreciated!!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for your support. We know ACA isn't perfect. But what the rep are pushing is horrific. Hold your ground!
NOT TRUE! You have turned your back on Colorado and America!
Thank you Senator Bennet.
Obama care failing. The 22 million are by choice because this is America where people are free to choose.
Thank you.  ~CO voter
Thank you. We won't be discouraged either. #resist
Thankful we have one Senator who votes in favor of Colorado. Thank you sir.
Thank you Senator - we are with you!

Big Mistake!
Thank you.
Thank you for representing your constituents!
Thank you!Stay strong Senator!
Thank you
Thank you for listening to us and fighting for us, senator!
Thank you. You are our last hope in CO. We will do all we can to help you! Keep fighting for us and we will fight for you!!!
These gambles they take hold lives in limbo. Please stabilize the ins industry. We will all be hurt.
Thank you!  You are doing an amazing job for CO!! #NoRepeal
You don't care about the people that have to pay for it.  That will be your political undoing!!
You are no more a centrist than the pope is Jewish.  You are a radical conservative terrorist who’s timeline is full of hate.
hang in there, sir. We need you.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator. We appreciate you working for us and listening to your constituents.
Of course you did, why do anything to help the American people? Too bad you don't have to deal with the  costs and deductibles that we do.
Are you a bot or do really believe your lies? Another radical conservative terrorist who’s timeline is full of hate. You have been reported
Thank you Sen Bennet. I've been to Sen Gardner's office voicing my opinion against this legislation. At least we have one great Senator!
Thank you please tell @SenCoryGardner he needs to join you & vote no too.
Stay strong, and thank you for fighting the good fight on behalf of the citizens of CO!  
I appreciate this.
You will lose & the disastrous NObamacare law will be gone. #zerocredibility
TxU!  4 #Listening 2 & #caring 4 #Coloradans #wellbeing We R #praying, #rooting #sending #GoodKarma 4 #success in #SavingLives
Thank you @SenBennetCO we appreciate your efforts.
Thank you, @SenBennetCO. It's nice to have at least one senator that listens to the people he serves and represents their interests.
Geez Mike, get it straight. How do you lose 22mil when only 10mil are enrolled. Cut the crap tweets.
Stated another way. Why not let people choose what they want to buy? If THEY want to buy something cheaper why not let THEM? Why not?
I am so proud of the work you are doing! Keep it up!
Thank you.
thank you, Senator Bennet! People in CO are with you.
Thank you for standing for the American people. I recognize the ACA isn't perfect, but it's a damn sight better than R's offerings.
Thanks, @SenBennetCO
Thank u 2 every Aide, Intern as well as yourself 4 putting citizens of Colorado first, fighting for & w/ us!

Our gratitude,
Coloradans
Good then you can pay for the millions now who can't afford Osama care!
Thanks for representing me (as a Coloradoan with a pre-existing condition).
U don't care about the rest of us in Colorado?
Thank you! Maybe teach @SenCoryGardner what it is to have a soul.
Sen cory is an evil bastard that has chosen to kill Coloradans by endangering their healthcare. He doesn’t represent CO or our values.
Thank you. We'll just keep fighting.
Start proposing single payer!
Thank you! So grateful to have you fighting for us!
Why not let people choose what they want? If you want to give out Healthcare then make it a separate welfare program and tax. Why bury it?
Thank you, Senator, from Paonia CO
Thank you!
Michael, let's get the Colorado numbers out, time to send your honorable friend from Colorado back to Yuma!
Thank you, Senator Bennet!
Thank you
A grateful constituent
Isn't it a done deal? Haven't the Repugnantcons screwed us all with their millionaire tax cut disguised as healthcare. They're despicable!
Thank you!
From a Coloradoan, thank you sir. Have a good night!
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator Bennet. It's sad that I have to call @SenCoryGardner every freaking day to ask him not to take away my health insurance!
Stay with it Senator- we are all behind you! You have our thanks.
Thank you for Caring about Colorado and Americans right to healthcare.  #stillfighting
Thank you! Please keep fighting peoples lives are depending upon it! #HealthcareBill
Thank you @SenBennetCO, fight and protect those that are the most vulnerable here in CO. Remember that beating #Trumpcare Isn't enough.
Thank you so much for voting to protect healthcare for Coloradans and all Americans.
Thank you. We will not forget it.
Thank you Senator Bennet
Thank you. You will get my vote as an independent in the future.
Thank you. Any influence you can exert with @SenCoryGardner to  rethink his commitment to wealthcare is also much needed
Don't hold your breath.
Today his staffer either mislead (if I'm being gracious) or deliberately lied to me about a specific amendment.
Bennet or Gardner staffer?
Gardner
Figures. Someone bothers to pick up the phone and then lies.
Keep fighting the good fight Sir
Thank you, on behalf of my children.
Thank you!
Thank you for protecting CO
Thank you!
You make Coloradans proud!!
Thank you, @SenBennetCO!
Thank you!
Thank you, senator
Thanks you for standing up. Unlike @SenCoryGardner, who is a wimp.
Thank you!
Thanks for your work and still calling and leaving messages!!
Thank you, sir!
