he should resign. He can't tell half truth when he wants 2. He had the meeting. He is head sheriff & should be above all others
.@SenBennetCO YES. Thank you for standing up for what's right!
Oh you mean like Loretta Lynch did ?????? Just saying
hypocrisy, a word you live by.  Do you ever do what you know to be correct?
do you and @SenCoryGardner ever talk to each other. You could really help him.
He needs to resign and be tried for perjury and treason. Recusal is not enough.
-Lying has been a part of the Democratic party platform. Hillary committed perjury 8 hundred and 76 times. But who's counting?
Thank you Senator. However he needs to resign. Wish @SenCoryGardner would do the same but he's all party before country. SHAME
.@SenBennetCO Forget recusal. Sessions needs to RESIGN.
- Hey Michael, what about the Bugging of the Trump Tower? That is like a continuous Watergate. Ask for a investigation!!!!
Agreed! Thanks for insisting on this!
Push for him to resign. You and Sen. Gardner. Please.
Recusal is not enough. We need a call for RESIGNATION, "at a minimum". @SenCoryGardner We need this from you as well.
well you got what you wanted but what you need to do is push for an investigation and resignation #SessionsLied
This isn't a time when Democrats should be demanding "the minimum." The Attorney General of the US has perjured himself! Stand firm,Senator.
for the last 8 years the Left been lying to us and now we deserve the truth! Why Now? You were ok with lying to us before
Sessions needs to resign.  As AG he is not above the law.  Please hold him accountable.  Thank you 80235
THANK YOU.  Please keep up the pressure!!!!
resignation
Ask for his resignation.
not enough. Demand his resignation!
No, at a minimum he should resign and be held to the same account as any citizen who lies under oath. Don't go easy on this.
Thank you for voting no during his confirmation hearings but now you need to hold the yeses accountable
no senator,  he should resign.  He committed perjury. He should be charged with a felony.
nothing less than resignation and full independent investigation into Russian destabilization efforts.
Resign and prosecute! How come gov officials r above law but kids are in jail for weed and immignts deportd 4 traffic ticket?
-(1/2)The answer Ni, is because the Democratic elite have been in control for eight years. They made lying under
not recuse.  He lies to the US Congress.  He should resign.  Like Flynn!
Thank you! I hope @SenCoryGardner follows suit
Recusal is not enough. He lied under oath. He needs to resign.
I personally want him to resign. Any person on trumps team that had contact with Russia should resign
Thank You!
He should RESIGN! Get tough on these corrupt liars.
At a minimum he should resign. Anyone else who lies under oath would be charged with a crime. #resist #impeach45
Thank you for speaking up for all of us. At worst, it's perjury, at best his memory and judgement are too bad to be our AG
just recuse? No independent investigation?
agreed Senator, but he really needs to resign. Perjury from the attorney general not acceptable.
NO. Sessions needs to resign!!
Sessions lied under oath. He is no longer credible as AG.  Needs to resign AND be prosecuted for perjury
Thank you @SenBennetCO for having common sense and fighting for the truth!!
Recusal and investigation is insufficient. As AG, Sessions needs to FOLLOW the law! Please work to get a resignation!
Thank you!
thank you!
Americans did not get the truth for the last 8 years!  And now, all of a sudden, truth is important to you?
he should resign.
Please demand #Sessions immediate resignation and a complete independent investigation into #Russia and this admin.
call for resignation, he perjured himself to Congress! Jeez
Recusal at minimum! Please do what you can to make this happen. This CO voter wants full accountability on Russia interference.
he should resign.
Recuse is not enough. Call for resignation now. Not the time in history to be seen sitting on the fence. Truth is elusive
Thank you Senator!
We need you to call for Sessions resignation. How could a Sessions appointee be trustworthy?
Thank you, but he perjured himself-- He should resign.  Constituent here.
Recusal is no longer an option....RESIGNATION.  I am a Colorado reisdent
Thank you, but take it a step further please. He lied under oath. He should resign.
I hope you will go further and join the call for his resignation.
Get him, senator Bennett!
Thank you, Senator!
This is a lovely statement, but what are you actually doing on the ground, in Washington, about this?
And @SenCoryGardner? Still silent on Russia & Trump's business interests & campaign? Cyber security is NOT the whole story.
At a minimum @jeffsessions should be fired, charged with perjury & placed in federal prison. Unless breaking the law is legal?
resignation is minimum.
Have you reviewed the entire transcript or are you following hearsay?
That 'minimum' is no longer sufficient.   Resignation is required.
Thank you 
At least one of your constituents thinks he should resign or be fired immediately. 80303
He should be facing public hearings so we know officials are held to the highest standards. #SessionsMustResign
At a minimum. Recusal AND investigation are required. The AG must be held to the highest standards.
Sorry, but recusal is NOT enough. He lied under oath at least once. He'll do it again if 45* wants him to.
I say he should just resign...
thank you
We're way past "at the minimum".
Yes, I agree. The more that comes out, the harder it is for @GOP to deny admin's Russian ties.
