I stand up for president of U.S.
.@SenBennetCO
So true…

#Trump is damaging our democracy in terrifying ways.

#Resist! 

#UniteBlue
you are a typical obstructionist libitard! Hope Colorado wises up and votes you out of office!
what can I do to help stop the republican agenda?
Help Wanted - Courts that follow the U.S. Constitution/media sources that validate facts & report vs repeat news.
Senator Bennet my so Joseph Devin Church is being targeted for voter fraud in Grand Junction Colorado
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/830455903107293188 … (Ranked 1st for Feb 11.)
We were standing outside Cory Gardner's office for Planned Parenthood funding. #PlannedParenthood #ShePersisted
I stand for a Free and Appropriate Education for ALL American children left behind by Charter School Unions.
#IDEA
same as you!
Thank you. A very important issue. The press does deserve our THANKS and somehow to distinguish the credible / non-credible
standing for democracy. Families should not be torn apart by Fake Pres. Tearing our values apart.
the same values that you opposed in the primaries.
To #KEEPITINTHEGROUND #SOILNOTOIL:)
Students with disabilities (http://idea.ed.gov  gone!!), climate science, health care, #TaxReturns, Russia-Trump ties.
Students with disabilities. Help us fight for them. Their futures depend on all of us.
both of those and health care
I am standing up for Planned Parenthood
Religious Liberty and confirmation of Supreme Court Justice nominee Gorsuch
democratic senators that aren't corporate sell outs
#freepress #freemarket #RESISTANCE
planned parenthood!
to keep funding for PP and have @SenCoryGardner listen to us
INVESTIGATE Trump and Russians
I'm standing up with demands for congress to investigate Trump's love for Putin. Treason?
thanks. Can't be there today but am sincerely happy that you give this the high profile it deserves.
#NODAPL #NOKXL
impeach judges!! Nation of laws! Political judges should be arrested and so should you for NOT representing CITIZENS!
The Constitution vs activist judges who get overturned 80% of the time.
Thank you, Senator Bennet for being #ontherightsideofhisotry
.  Do u plan on a face to face with state constituents?

A free press is unbiased, balanced, and objective.   That does not describe the current mainstream media.  Partisan.
I'm standing up for one of the things that makes Colorado special - The environment. #KeepItPublic #cleanwater
the same.Economics not based in trickle down approach.Votes against unqualified partisan cabinet nominee ideologues
stay strong, We stand behind you all the way. Without a free press and independent courts we cannot survive.
Honesty and integrity in Government. Keep up the great work!
#protestsaturday we need our senators to be the #tipofthespear
today I'm standing up for immigrants, EPA& Trump to release his taxes. Do we enough to impeach yet?
you are not even close!
children's right to feel safe and valued, regardless of their gender identification, sexuality, race, or religion.
Standing for Planned Parenthood in front of Sen. Gardner' s office
Praying that abortion will be a thing of the past.
@PPact Standing up for Planned Parenthood!
I am standing up for rule of law and human tights.
sorry....human rights.  But human tights are ok too.
And now Senator it's time to get on the Impeachment bandwagon! You've opposed appointees now help impeach 45! I support you!
I'm standing up for #NoDAPL and I think you should too
I'm Standing.With Planned Parenthood in Skyline Park. Where's Sen Gardner?
Michael Bennet is badass.
any chance you can convince your gutless colleague @SenCoryGardner to host a town hall in CO? We all have some words for him.
We are looking to you to be a leader for our state. Perhaps @CoryGardner will follow and learn what CO people want.
Cory is representing the silent majority who favors following existing laws & free markets!
.@SenBennetCO I would like to stand up for illegal immigrants and help them become U S citizens. Please tell us where to start! #Colorado
Independent COURTS! Follow the Constitution, not make Policy.  9th Circuit ruling means they make Policy not elected officials
Thank You, Sir for fighting for Coloradans & our country. I fight for climate, national parks, democracy, diversity.
Keep courts and press out of the hands of #DJT. That is a hallmark of what America stands for.
border security, legal immigration, lower taxes, and fewer business regulations
We are there with you, Senator Bennet.
yes!!!!!
.   My undocumented neighbors, health care for all, woman's reproductive rights, moving forward instead of back.
I'm so grateful to have you on our team, representing the true voice of Colorado!
Congressional oversight of our elected officials and their appointed lackeys. #DoYourJob #FlynnLied #russiagate @POTUS
So where are you at and the time of the protest???
Thank you! Proud to be your constituent!
I'm standing up for a press and a judicial system that honors the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Liar
.@SenBennetCO Thank you! You are a credit to the state of Colorado! And you're right; It's not fake news, just b/c you don't like it.
#publiclands and #PlannedParenthood
@PPact Heading to Old Town today to protect a woman's right to choose.
standing up for democracy, free press, and impeaching a dictator.
standing up to you bennet for taking big pharma money and outlawing seniors buy drugs from Canada. You're corrupt
BRAVO Senator. Thank you for doing your job. You make me proud to be a Coloradan.
Senator.  Colorado is a purple state.  Why are you moving so far to the left?
TY for this! Standing up for DACA, science, climate change reality, Constitution, PP, truth-tellers, public ed, ACA ...
@ Fort Collins Town Hall right now, I stand  up for InJustice in any form
M, I hope u r trying to find out why Pence lied to citizens about Flynn & doing all that you can to look into Russian ties!
I'm standing up for the constitution and laws enacted by congress which are to be upheld by the President.
Families being torn apart in our immigrant communties. Man am I p*ssed.
I'm excited laws are finally being enforced.
Your resignation
Trump is doing good because criticism improves the system.
Planned Parenthood  March in Denver.
How about a free market in drug prices?
