"You have thrown our budget a little out of whack, because we've spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico and that's fine," Pres. Trump says 
Much of Puerto Rico is still without power, water, food, and medical attention. Here is how you can help: 

http://prfaa.pr.gov/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Presentation-United-for-Puerto-Rico.pdf …
Sir, your state will pay its share for what PR has chosen not to do for its own citizens. Is that what Colorado sent u to Washington to do?
Yes. I send my politicians to Washington to have va heart!
It's going to take a lot to fix it there. You act like it can be done so quickly but it can't. People are there helping, quit talking
He has a tiny dick
We are helping them with a DYNAMIC force of resources.  Fiscally, TX & FL did not file bankruptcy on $74 Billion dollars. Also....
The infrastructure wasn't 44yrs old & not maintained! TX & FL do not require ENTIRE power distribution lines rebuilt, roads rebuilt, or
A dam completely reinforced! PR has $0 to pay for it! TX had $10B surplus to meet some of their needs! YES we need to help them because ...
They need help to saves lives! They are an American Territory, so we need to "help" rebuild for them. But it is a major fiscal ...
Commitment that will need to be funded.  We also need to make sure we set them up for fiscal health. Trade deals, finding revenue streams,
Providing guidance for new guidelines so they can withstand Cat 4/5 more effectively in future. Ensure funding is managed properly!
Having a DIALOGUE on challenges and finding long term solutions is NECESSARY, and the responsible thing to do!  Help is a given!
Trump thinks he's being funny. Back to it's not his words but his heart...no tact or humility or decorum and ego above compassion
Yes Puerto Rico happens to be 120 billion in dept due to Democrats and letting people retire at 55, you idiot. Don't bail them out....
"I live in Puerto Rico.We ARE getting help From Army,Navy, FEMA,Volunteer Ministers Turn off CNN. They lie"-@WhoWolfe
@SenBennetCO RESIGN!
William, you live in Colorado....or Russia.  Please don't make things worse for ppl who are actually suffering for your agenda.
Thanks for pointing out that CBS is making it political and anti Trump. They do that all the time! Fake news!
No one has provided more help to PR than @realDonaldTrump. #politicalhack #fakenews
Every time he speaks he says something stupid and embarassing!
He is a piece of shit
Stop whining Bennet!  You know that his comment was tongue in cheek. And you try to make his comment racial! #Bullsh**
Impeach this man. He is unfit to serve. I'm done
That’s it spread more hate speech will you be the next crazy Antifa ?? How many will you kill?
Loveland based nonprofit http://www.internationalmedicalrelief.org  is sending 3 medical teams over next 3 wks to PR. Distributing H2O filters & meds. Donate!
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/915282983631904769 … (Ranked 1st for Oct 3.)
Remember that Puerto Rico can't vote in the Presidential election so he doesn't get anything from them so why should he care.
Please please please start serious talks about getting rid of him! He is a detriment to our country.
No he made a joke, just because you have no sense of humor and can't see that.@Kmarthumor5.00bluelightspecial
And they are getting our help.  But you would not want to miss an opportunity to further divide the country.  Try passing some bills.
His pathological need for constant admiration & incapacity to accept criticism is all I need to understand different response to PR/TX/FLA
And spent a lot of $ on TX/FLA but I'm sure thru his intelligence he budgeted for it.Didn't for PR-didn't know it existed I'm sure
@SenBennetCO trying to rally the #LiberalLoons with half truths&propaganda 
Using any opportunity to spread miss information&unrest #Resign!
Pure Horse Manure!
....."and that's fine" @POTUS said...that's fine! @SenBennetCO trying to play the race card. Shame on you mike! You're no diff than Schumer
Oh my gosh..he said it tongue in cheek. Get a life!
They say MDMA is empathogenic. Just a thought.
"My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello & his team"-@POTUS But continue yourBS @SenBennetCO
Knock it off. He just saying what many of us think.
#dotard
Don't Texas and Florida owe any money at all to the federal government? Amazing
@CBSNews it was a JOKE, Senator. Come on now.
Hmm. Called previous mismanagement. Power grid was useless , sticks before hurricane. Territory bankrupt.  Call a dog a dog
If Republicans had spoken LOUDLY when Trump started the birther business, Trump would not have been elected. @realDonaldTrump
And I don't believe he threw paper towels and toilet paper at them in Houston or Florida either.

I'm pretty sure he also didn't throw paper products at the TX and FL victims, but I might be wrong.
I'm glad you are finding your voice. So badly needed now
Can’t you read or listen? He said but that’s fine!  I’m ashamed of you
@SenBennetCO did you hear the entire sentence? He said that's fine. Stop trying to discredit POTUS ! Best president ever.
Or tell them happily that more could have died, like in a "real catastrophe?" He is so disgusting.
Every time he opens his mouth he says something awful.  Budget?  Really?  Then he follows up with the dead comment.  H
He is a disgrace to our country. Please impeach or invoke the 25th amendment.
ALWAYS INAPPROPRIATE - on that we can count.
Incredibly heartless.we will talk about #guncontrolnow.Your way,@GOP does not work,has not worked nor will it ever work.History proves this.
You=Democrat above all else;@POTUS not complaining.PR votes against statehood over 100+ years. We are taking care of them.Give @POTUS credit
We should give Puerto Rico independence.
Thank you, Senator! We take care of each other. Isn’t that what families do?

Why does this POS consistently go positive negative in his sentences? Why does he even  speak?????
He's the greatest embarrassment our country has ever seen.
Weird that Trump didn't mention how his massive tax cut for the wealthy was going to throw the budget out of whack.
And they're bankrupt unlike TX or FL.
He's great at stirring up racial animosity. Gets digs in at other cultures all the time. Part of his playbook. How he won the election.
Exactly. But that's the only way America becomes great again. This "Melting Pot" thing doesn't work.
So POTUS when to Guaynabo, an upper class neighborhood, why didn't he go to the small towns destroyed by Maria to show empathy
He's a horrible man and I just hope to god that he is impeached or tossed out of office via the 25th amendment very soon!!
Thank you Senator for continuing to make sure our fellow Americans get the help they need to recover.
He was joking, got laughs and applause. Maybe you should have been there, Senator
No problem helping Puerto Rican's..... as long as their leaders AREN'T COMMUNISTS!
How much time have you spent there helping? Any legislation you have presented to fund the recovery? No? Why not? Isn’t that YOUR job?!
He should be ashamed. But he has no shame.
They are getting help. Go home, you’re drunk.
But Trump owes them that money!  He is still a conman!
So it is Schumer who pulls your strings, as suspected. Why am I not surprised?
He is a white racist ... every time he opens his mouth ......
Do you think his content that PR threw OUR budget out of whack indicates he still may not realize that OUR is part of the US?
This president costs us more in money and world good will then any other. He is the demise of the US and it will take generations to recover. Impeach Trump.
Senator I think your being unfair. You aren't helping with the Hate problem we have in this country your adding to it. Stop with the HATE
How is he showing hate? He is just asking for Puerto Rico to have the same benefits as Texas and Florida. Not sure what you're referring to.
Tired of you Bennett tired of your Socialist Communist Views!

You will be removed from our political SYSTEM!
This is freaking absurd.
When will everyone see how racist he is?
i don't think he was complaining,merely stating a fact.quit being petty & small.try to rise above partisan politics.if you can.
He is just the saddest example of a human being on this planet. Really? It's like saying to one of your kids.."Yah, you've cost me a lot of money but your still my kid. " Good God! What will it take for this guy to show any real compassion? #PuertoRico
This man is not fit, please DO SOMETHING! He is not a President and he’s not even a decent person. Please! It’s getting worse and worse!
Stop it, Bennett!  Mayor Cruz is deliberately sabotaging recover efforts to make an anti-President Trump statement.
Get some reading comprehension skills and stop making a clown of yourself gungrabber
Do you?
