.@POTUS @SpeakerRyan We need to improve health care access & lower costs. #AHCA was not the solution, but neither is giving up.
so get with it, work with the a Reps and be a part of the solution, not the problem. Represent us for once!
Obamacare is dead, period, no reviving it.
single payer, please.
Really, you did a great job before.  START WORKING FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS, NOT THE DEMOCRATS!
Its time to solve the problems with Obamacare. Reach out to the moderate Republicans and come up with a plan.
No.Your next job is to defeat Trump's SCOTUS nominee.Stolen seat on our highest court.T may be indicted soon.Stop the confirmation process.
call it "Trumpcare." Make him own his pitiful failure.
Remind me again, who said, we won't know what's in the bill until we pass it? At least, our system is working as it should.
.@SenBennetCO @cdubgma No vote on Gorsuch until we know everything re: #TrumpRussia. And then no on Gorsuch.
single payer should be the next step like all civilized countries!
Wrong-the NHS in England has chronic funding problems and lacks doctors.  Look it up
what you just described was Obamacare...
How about this Republicans, Trump, and Democrats?  Work together to improve the Affordable Care Act (ACA)!
Senator BENNET are first priority should be to get a independent prosecutor to investigate king con and his comrades.
But... is the leadership (and I use the word loosely) of the Republican party even willing to listen you guys?
The first thing you've said that I agree with. Yes: work together to hit a home run, boys and girls!
actually, let's focus on Russia and treason next.
hope the other side will realize that together things can be worked;fix what doesn't work without hurting the less fortunate
now vote no on Gorsch
Thank you Senator!
Glad you all held strong! #failedbigly
Step one is to decide precisely where the ACA is broken. Don't put up with vague hyperbole.
we want single payer and senators willing to stand up for it
you can't obstruct and then blame him for not fixing the problem
sounds good to me. Why don't we start with the free market. I'm sick and tired of subsidizing other people's Healthcare.
maybe you shouldn't have rushed thru Obamacare.  Hypocritical post!
Excellent time to introduce #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll ! Majority of people want it.
If it worked well in England or Canada I would agree-but it doesnt
Single payer
thank you Senator. Working together is the only way to create a lasting and caring healthcare system
Yes please!  Thanks for your work, now let's lower premiums....or better yet, get Universal Health Care!
Amen!!!
Don't tell us about secret processes.  That is what got us here in the first place.
What an opportunity!  How about Universal Healthcare?
Obamacare was pushed through with no Republican input or support.  At least Repubs didn't make same error
um, that's exactly the error republicans made.
How about Medicare-For-All???? It's a proven system that works.  Just expand it. Done. Now let's tackle the environment...
Go get schooled by Hillary. She had a plan detailed. Input by stakeholders. Dont reinvent the wheel!
Thank you for fighting for us Coloradans! Looking forward to seeing a bipartisan ACA repair that actually helps Americans.
Great idea so now let's see you @SenCoryGardner @RepMikeCoffman Get with the top hospitals and Dr's in CO and work on it
We need bipartisan effort to get something past #KenBuck and his Freedom Caucus cronies
Please, @SenBennetCO -- lead the way on this!
dont gloat Go to work to fix Obamacare. Its good but needs much work. Show the American people you can do it
Thank you. First sane &realistic comment I read. Fix ACA move beyond partisan politics. This is owed to taxpayers.
you did NOT just say this was a secret process, did you?
universal healthcare now! Just put forward Conyers bill.
democeats and republicans need to work together. There are 2 sides to the coin and by working together we can address all needs
Stay the course!
after seven years of trying to repeal it,they have come to their senses,and we can move forward. #republicons
Just as soon as we're done gloating.

PS - Gorsuch is a HARD PASS, my friend. Keep doing us proud.
so was the ACA, but more insurance regs won't fix anything. requiring providers to use set pricing would be a big step forward.
PREACH. Policy that gets at the REAL drivers of health care costs not tweaking the end result.
could you put forward your bill and stop talking in generalities?
we don't need another bill.
Secret process?  Dissapointed there is such obstructionism and lacking help from both sides getting it done.
the power of Dems standing together, kind of like you're all going to do with re to Gorsuch, right?
yes, but the key part is "work together". Time to do your part Senator, bring your party to the table and stop the games.
Now is time for @DNC to lead & bring bill with effective fixes to #ACA Show @GOP how it's done
Hey @SenBennetCO Will U support the #FILIBUSTER of Judge Gorsuch? State your positon. #TheResistance #Indivisible #Resist @Moot_Point_
"Let's move on & work together to fix health care." We're behind you on this 100%!
single payer for all!
Thank you for standing up for us on this issue Senator! Now you can work on blocking Gorsuch . . .
A single payer system is the only way to go!
Your side really can't talk about secrecy- considering y'all pushed the "We have to pass it to find out what's in it!" bill.
woot!
We need to fix it, not let it implode.
Thank you for looking out for us, Senator!
