Thank you for standing for Colorado, now the work begins for Dems to put together a fix to Obamacare care & improve it. Big job!
Thanks for supporting your constituent's health:)
I'm a lot happier calling your office than your colleague's.
Thanks to you and all Ds, @SenBennetCO. Don't let Trump succeed in eviscerating ACA; please open bipartisan continuous improvement process!
Thanks to you for your vote and eloquence
"Thank you for fighting for health care for all Americans and stopping Trumpcare! You've saved health care for millions of us. KEEP FIGHTING
Where in the constitution is healthcare?

Thank you, Senator Bennet. You gave 'em hell on the floor! Now we need to fix ACA and save it from Trump retribution.
You made a lot of Resistors happy to learn later that it was you on the phone this morning.  Do that more often? See you in Denver on Sat.!
You hate free market healthcare. You want every single aspect of our lives regulated by the government. You stand for tyranny.
What are you doing for Coloradans HURT by the unaffordable insurance act? I hear from Sen Gardner but not you
Thank you! And, it was very nice to meet you and march with you at Pride!
We still have a disastrous healthcare bill.
a hole, what are you doing to fix obamacare then?
Thank you!!!
you meant to say obstructionism works. I voted for you as a Rep. You ran on reaching across. All I see is obstruction. No vote next time.
He is voting per the desires of his state as any senator should do. To bad the other one is only loyal to his party and not to CO voters.
We wouldn't have disfunctional health care without your vote on obmacare.  Get rid of the $12,000 subsidy for Congress.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/890954328994983937 … (Ranked 1st for Jul 28.)
Thank you for your leadership and coming out to City Park this morning to protect our healthcare and save #OurLives!
Too bad you couldn't get the junior Senator to actually talk to us... Thank you for your help in defeating the bad bill.
@SenCoryGardner LOOK CORY! This really happens when you care about your constituents!
Thank you Senator Bennet!
Thank you for listening and standing with us and for us!
Thank you Senator. Looking forward to seeing how #ACA can be fixed!
Thanks for fighting for Colorado!!! 
Thank you. Keep it up.
Thank you for all you do for us!
Thank you, Sen. Bennet, for considering your constituents with your vote!
Thank you @SenBennetCO for doing right by Americans and protecting their health care.
Obamacare and your support of it is a disgace.
Your welcome! Never called you but 199s if calls to ex Sen Gardner. We want him challenged in his next election.
We need help with ins. costs & RX drug costs even with ins. UnitedHealthcare is awful & we are happy to have ins. but they hold the cards.
Hmmmm I've called and emailed @SenCoryGardner....crickets from him.
I've emailed him; I do get emails back. Auto-resp, then vague email completely fails to address my specific question. FWIW. (Not much.)
Me, too.  I bet he's getting sick of hearing from me.  Wait till he's up for reelection!
Now please continue effort to repair the damage caused to "prove" ACA failure. Resistance proves it works, just needs fixed!
Thank you Mr. Bennet for standing up for & with your constituents. We need the counter-weight to Mr. Gardner!
Thank you!!
Thank you, sir! Let's hope @SenCoryGardner looks to you and people of #Colorado before voting to destroy US healthcare system
Great, a former bureaucrat votes to empower more bureaucracy.
Thank you Senator Bennet for all of your hard work! We appreciate it all!! 
Thank you senator Bennet!
Thank you Senator for representing and listening to us in Colorado!
Thank you so much, Senator Bennett!!  Now if only Gardner would start voting FOR us and not AGAINST us. No worries, we get to vote him out
We are thanking you too @SenBennetCO.
Thank you, Senator!
Yep, making america great again mr fake prez
Keep up the good work. Fighting is vital.
Hey, @SenCoryGardner this is how a PUBLIC SERVANT treats their constituents.
Yes!!!
Thank you Senator Bennet for your hard work and passion on healthcare for all! #ThisIsWhatDemocracyLooksLike #regularSenateorder
Thankfully there were three republicans with a conscience. Thanks to Sen. Bennet and all democrats.
Thank you so much for listening to your constituents & voting NO on a bill so dreadful they were embarrassed to let it see the light of day.
Thank you to you and your colleagues.
Thank you!
You are a disgrace. What are your plans for dealing with the debt ceiling this fall? Just keep piling on, no doubt
Thank you for listening to us!
Next, is making sure that the president is unable to make those who'll be testifying about the Comey affair look untrustworthy. McCabe etc.
loved what you said last night on Senate floor BTW
Michael, you're the best. Thank for standing up to the threat of losing the ACA to a plan that doesn't exist and would be five times worse.
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator!!!
and every DEM Senator who spoke and/or voted for WtP also gets kudos. Please grab a hold of those who will work together and work with them.
Thank you, Senator!
Colorado budget will be destroyed by Medicare expansion. Will make Rep plan look like a great deal!
I called, but thank you again!
If it still worked team blue would actually be for #SinglePayer Not just say they are. To be called out on such by a team red, as a stunt.
Thank you Senator Bennet!!
Thank you for voting no on the health care bills.
Great speech, great job Senator..thank you!
When Obamacare fails it's on you. No insurance company bailouts
thank you Sen. @SenBennetCO 
As a breast cancer survivor this is important to me. Thank you!
Thank you sir
Thank you!
For whom?
Thank YOU!!!!
Our Republic works because we have wise and good leadership like you Sir who can rally the people behind them to fight for what's right.
The republic works well 4 #FakeRepresentatives like you playing both sides against the middle taking the people's money & special interest $
Thank YOU Senator!
Thank you for your great work representing Colorado!
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator.
Thank you so much
Just called and passed my thanks along to one of your staffers. It was refreshing to actually talk to a person 
Thank you for your support of all Coloradans!!!
@CoryGardner doesn't care about Coloradans. He will be handed his pink slip in 20
I appreciate all your hard work, thank you @SenBennetCO 
At least we have one senator who actually listens to his constituents! @SenCoryGardner could care less about us.
thank you senator bennet!!!!!!
Thank YOU, Senator Bennet!!
Thank you Senator ! Proud to have you representing our state !!
I just called and bawled my eyes out to one of your staffers for saving my small business and my husband's biz. We need the ACA. #ThankYou
thank you for your NO vote.
Thank you for the NO vote.  It's nice to know there is one politician in Colorado that cares about the people.
We love your hard work for us Michael Bennet
Thank you for CO and the nation!
I'd hardly call this working....
If this isn't working, then @SenCoryGardner must really be on vacation. 
That, too, although to be honest it was poor wording on my part, I meant ineffective.
Thank you!
Now the real work begins to fix the exposed health care issues so that it works reasonably well for everyone. Please Lead the way
I tried to call you, but you are on the phone. Thanks for standing up for us! Your speech yesterday was heartfelt and spot on!
Thank you @senBennetCO. I am so proud that you are our Colorado Senator.
Thank you, Senator, for saving my cancer-survivor husband and my disabled grandson.  You rock!
Thank you again, Senator.
Thank you Senator Bennet. Now time to make adjustments to #ACA so it works better. I still prefer Medicare for all.
Thank you!
Thank you for standing for us @SenBennetCO Dissapointed in @SenCoryGardner as usual. W/O O'care, we would have lost our home due2 hosp bills
Thank YOU @SenBennetCO.  I hope the Senate can move forward with some bipartisan legislation to shore up the ACA now.
Thank you, Senator. Proud to have worked on your 2010 campaign!
Thank you for standing up for Americans. We are counting on Congress now that we have a hostile, absent, & adversarial Executive branch.
I've called you many times. You listen. Your staff is kind. Thank you. I don't hear anything from the voicemails left for @SenCoryGardner
What common ideas hold us together? 
Rule of law? There's no consensus,watch Trump
For the common good? 49 GOP senators voted yes last night
Thank YOU Senator. So glad one of our Senators cares.
You mean taking calls from all your financial backers who are in favor of government takeover of everything humanly possible?
Yes.  Thanks for the healthcare I can't use.  5,000 deductable after paying 12,000 per year.   Straight up theft.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator, for your speeches and tireless efforts!
GREAT! Not everything will go so well. Perfect ur msg so that u votes matter. dont do same ole from years past. DNC needs refresher course
We're thanking you Senator. We're thanking you. 
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senators Bennet! Keep working for your constituents!!!!
Indeed Thank you to all who worked to stop the destruction of the ACA
