Senator please withhold consent for Senate business to proceed normally and filibuster
Get your CO counterparts @RepKenBuck @SenCoryGardner to stop the idiotic rhetoric & work for common sense. Stop @POTUS
NOT
What a detailed and well thought out response. But again, expected of trumpets
DeVos is confirmed...let that sink in, disasterous Common core coming end, YES
oh it sunk alright. Obviously you don't have children.
ahh name calling, mature.  Shows your colors and they're not red/white/blue
you started the personal attacks on me , a mother because of my opinion
Crimes against humanity ...
Feb 20 ... impeachment pro*(test) day ...

*(love) ...
Thank-you, for your hard work! will U hold @realDonaldTrump countable if he doesn't follow new fedcourt order on BAN?
Yes - we stand with you on this Senator. Thank you!
Yes ...
double-speak Bennet, ban what is not a ban to make America safer by flooding individual un-vetted
Thank you. 10,000 people gathered in Denver today to say #noban @indivisiblefrr
Sen. Bennett, your actions agains POTUS are a disgrace!
as said by Sec of State -- DO YOUR JOB!  You were NOT elected to obstruct Congress!  Grow a brain and stop whining...
thank you for your excellent work and continue your efforts by voting no for Pruitt
Thank you Senator Bennett. Please also protest Steve Bannon's appt to the NSC. He is an extremist and warmonger.
- Please tell us Michael, whatvare your values. We don't know. All you do is criticize.
Thank you Senator Bennet you speak for the majority of real Americans who oppose the #muslimban
Thank you for standing firm.  Keep talking with all of Congress to resist the tyranny.
I believe Bennet means "Liberal-Progressive Democrat Politically Correct Values" which overrides the safety of Americans
Then let them all come to Colorado, welcome them with open arms.  Dont ask for help when they rape and kill your loved ones...
Thank you for standing up for what is right!  Thank You for No Vote on DeVos!
Sen Bennet U Must Keep the Ban in place President Trump needs 2 add 10 more countries to ban & 9 months to process !
sen Bennett. Please talk to sen Gardner about deVos and how she will negatively impact rural schools. No public sch supp
Thank you for standing up for our health in Colorado, sir.
Thank you for sticking up for our values.
: thanks- for your hard work, please stand up if @realDonaldTrump doesn't follow fed ruling today! #notapaidprotester
it is not a ban on Muslims. Bennet needs a new pool of voters to draw from as the Dem's do
Ask other Dem Senators to  be bold be as obstructive as poss, filibuster, any legal means. You have the power to stop it
Rescind the EO on immigration.  Bad for America.
thank you & block Judge Gorsuch's nomination to the SC in support of women's rights & the separation of church and state
is the congress going to do something about it?
agreed! Emphatically!!
No.
Please oppose and filibuster Judge Neil Gorsuch's confirmation.
proud to have you representing our state Senator Bennett! #staystrong #NoBanNoWall
Why does the travel ban not include countries trump has business deals.  Trump stands for CORRUPT.
YES I AGREE
SHUT UP!
why?
hey Mike start wearing these. Get ready for a new job to. @BobLeahyJr It only took Trump 5 days to erase 8 years of STUPID!
And my son voted for Trump.
Obviously you Senator are not concerned about the Citizens safety and my son & only grandchildren live in your state.
it is not a ban. What don't you understand ? We need to improve vetting.
We need extreme vetting of POTUS: #25thamendment
This is exactly what voters are tired of. Pure politics-party before Country. Sad!
@POTU
We voted for you! Please work with Congress and Pres! First, Protect the borders and us. Keep the bad people out!
Thank you Senator!  We stand with you.
Thank You so much your constituents are proud to see you boycotting and using every way possible to stop all this.
Withhold consent for any further Senate business, including the nomination of Senator Sessions.  Filibuster if necessary
no filabusters. Senator Reed (d) did away with them. Have you not been paying attention
stand strong no nominees
I am a Colorado voter. 
You're not listening to us. We elected President Trump bc he said he would keep us safe. Support his EO
#resist #standtogether and #stopsessions #NoBanNoWall  We support you! Make our voices heard!
Sessions will be a proponent of equally draconian orders. From one of your constituents, please vote no on Sessions.
you normalized him by your lack of action. now undo it.
Thank you! Now please vote no on DeVoes and Sessions
Dear Sen. MSNBC reporting DT fired head of Immigration customs: smells like DT is about to defy a Fed. Court Order?
Thank you! Thank you!
Keep Standing Senator.  @RepDLamborn  on knees in front of King Donald. In awe he is, Blind to injustice. Need U for CO
Good to hear. Been trying to call you about this but can't get through.
he just fired Sally Yates. Vote NO on Sessions!!
Oppose consent in the meantime.
You fail as a man first and as a Senator 2nd...I will remember! Filthy hypocrite u r CRAZY!
R U kidding..You should resign..nothing but political hack w/ no concern for people of the U.S. and their protection!
Thank you for speaking up. I'm glad you are my Senator.
Please KEEP standing up to Trump and the devastation to our Constitution!
Are you co-sponsoring any legislation to help with this?
Thank you @SenBennetCO 🖒
Let's do the work now to make sure that this ban can't be legally upheld (or made into law) after the 90 and 120 days
thank you Senator Bennet.  You make Coloradans proud! 
Stop @POTUS A Disaster for our country. Please oppose the cabinet choices esp. Du Voss & Pruitt. RESIST the ban. Thank you
Thank you for saying you'll oppose Jeff Sessions!  Hope your other Demos will also vote him down.
I have US citizen family with duel citizenship who will be denied entry!!!
yes! thanks, senator!
Thank you for your common sense - rare in Washington these days.  Please no Bannon on the NSC! Listen up @CoryGardner
yes indeed, this is a travesty.  Enough vetting is already in place.  This is just a show.
Why is this the only voice? Where is the outrage? Where are your values? #Humanrights
Thank you very much for showing up and speaking for the detainees. It is very important to me that you continue this.
PLEASE do all you can to help end this ban!
Thank you Senator Bennett for calling on POTUS to rescind EO. President Trump is wrong about this, and so many things!
from your state, thank you more than words can express
thank you. Fight for us!
Thank you @SenBennetCO! Where is @SenCoryGardner on this? He should not be silent!
Thank you for standing up against Trump's immigration ban.
I agree.Also, do not forget to vote against confirmation of Betsy DeVos, who would be a disgrace as the Secy. of Educ.
#WithholdConsent
Thank you Senator Bennett!
U SHOULD PUT AMERICA FIRST & SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!Look at what muslim refugees are doing to Europe, SAFER? I THINK NOT!
Thank you - you definitely have my support, Senator Bennet!  Please continue to fight against this insanity.
Senator Bennet, are you committed to withholding consent on Senate business until the ban has been lifted?
Thank you for standing up for Colorado and America's values. #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat #NoBanNoWall #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am counting on you to stand up for what is right and fight this administration tooth and nail! Thank you #fightfascism
thank you Sen. Bennet, from your constituent. Absolutely agree with you on this! Keep fighting the good fight!
This Colorado native and persistent voter thanks you for your comment. Please act on it ASAP.
Please follow through! Your constituents are begging you! #NoBanNoWall
tell him and Preibus directly, then. That is why you are there for us. Bigger yet - demand honesty and dignity.
- Please continue to work and resist this unlawful EO. Your nation needs strong voices standing up to oppression.
Thank you @SenBennetCO
@SenCoryGardner Thank you for doing what is right and working to remove this, Sens. Bennett and Gardner, from 80129.
Withhold consent, Sir! Fillibuster Everything until the EO on immigration is cancelled!
thank you @SenBennetCO
Keep up the work of maintaining our dignity as a democracy. Colorado needs your leadership, as does our country!
this is an attack on our freedoms. thank you for standing up and defending them
Also look at competency of @realDonaldTrump. Has proven in 7 dys his ego gets in the way of intell. Decisions, dangerous
Stop the Muslim ban and work with dems & sane republicans to impeach this loose canon B4 he wrecks our country!
Thank you! Vote that executive order down!
Trump is a dangerous lunatic with several 'Svengalis' advising and directing him. Impeach him now! Thank you.
Thank you Senator Bennet.
I'm sorry, something needs to happen in Washington to clean up the mess in the Whitehouse! Constituent! #NOTMYPRESIDENT
Thanks, Sen. Bennet. Coloradans r grateful to you 4 standing up 4 our shared values & protecting those in need of help.
thank you Sen Bennet. Do not let up.
We expect you, Sen. Bennet, to lead the charge on impeaching this immoral man that is the 45th president.
We expect you, Sen. Bennet, to not for any appointees made by this immoral man who is the 45th president.
We expect you, Sen. Bennet, to resist EVERY action taken by this immoral man who is the 45th president.
written by Harry Reid's former deputy chief of staff. Must Read
Hey Senate Democrats, get it now? VOTE NO ON EVERYTHING. Do NOT enable this monster! #WeWillVoteYouOut
Yes, Senator Bennet, I applaud your resolve and support you in taking action.
thank you for supporting the greater good Ssnator.  I hope you visit COSPGS so we can thank you personally.
why isn't hickenlooper standing against the ban?
its not just the eos its bannon checks need to be put in place to stop this
You need to impeach him. Immediately.
Thank you, Senator Bennet.  We're counting on you to fight this.
and extreme vetting will make it safer.
Thank You for finally speaking out against this.  Please we can no longer let Trump do this to America
Thank you. Glad I voted for you. Now, is there enough evidence yet to impeach? Just asking.
@jeffsessions Thank you for voting no for Jeff Sessions!!
I absolutely agree. Thank you for continuing to speak out publicly about this awful EO! Your constituents are proud of you.
@corygardner Thank you senator Bennett. This is the right rhi g to do. CORY Gardner you need to take note.
THANK YOU Senator for having the guts and heart to stand up and speak out.  Don't stop!
#RESIST #MuslimBan #ResistOften
Thank you!
@SenCoryGardner delay sessions confirmation until EO withdrawn
IMPEACH HIM!!!
thank you for standing up for what is legal, what provides us safety, and for what is right.

Thank you senator Bennett for standing up for what is right!
Thank you Senator for speaking out for what is right.
finally he speaks. Thank you
.@SenBennetCO .@POTUS Thank you, Mr. Bennet, for supporting your many constituents who disagree with this ridiculous order.
Thank you Sen Bennet for representing your constituents. We want you to continue standing up to 45
Time to stop the insanity. This administration is not just an embarrassment, but irrational & dangerous. #25thamendment!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you for taking a stand!
Rescind the EO on immigration. Unconstitutional. Freedom of religion.
Thank you Sen Bennet for being a voice of reason amid the chaos.
thank you, Senator Bennet, for standing up to senseless xenophobia.
Thank you, thank you! Please keep doing everything you can to repeal the #muslimban and protect refugees. #NoBanNoWall
Thank you Senator! And @SenCoryGardner CO is watching for your reaction.
Thank you Sen Bennett for your sane and honorable stand!
 Now please STOP confirming his idiotic cabinet picks. There is NO working with this guy. Period. Stop pretending.
.@SenBennetCO So you'll be voting NO on nominees till ban is lifted and Bannon is off the security council?

Yes....don't stop keep on as we will keep on....marching Denver Saturday feb 4 will be there will you?
Thank you for speaking out on this issue and representing those of us opposed to this illegal & immoral EO activity.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator! Let's hope @CoryGardner will also stand up for the integrity of Colorado and the country.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for standing up for America's values. Take note @CoryGardner & @POTUS
Agree strongly.  Thank you.
Thank you!  #NoBanNoWall #themarchcontinues #WithRefugees #trumpwatch
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Bennett! White House orders are tearing at the foundation of our country.
Thank you for standing up for what we as a country stand for. (Also, your phone mailbox is full)
Yes! Do it! @SenCoryGardner CO is listening & watching @indivisiblefrr @indivisibleden @IndivCOInd @IndivisibleCOS
let's not hold our collective breath. Act now. Stand now. Resist now. #RESIST #thewholeworldiswatching
Yes, please stand up against this ban and against the neo-Nazi advisor who helped write it. This will not make America safe, just broken.
Thank you for representing the wishes of your constituents! We stand by you.
Thank you, Senator Bennett. Your constituents are behind & you have our support. Please fight Trump.
Yes!  I have faith in you! Do it!!!
Thank you Senator.  You make us proud.  And at this point in history, Congress & Judicial must use their powers @SenBennetCO @POTUS
THANK YOU Sen Bennet. This is how you work for the people. Take note @CoryGardner. #NoBanNoWall #COpolitics
we have to take action quickly.
Thank You Senator Bennet!!
