Park hill resident here, please cut all those things. There, now you've heard it from a Colorado resident. #unsustainable
You can support fed funding for libraries in #Colorado by signing the #LSTA and #IAL letters. #SaveIMLS cc: @COStateLibrary, @MPLAtweets
Heading ASD 3 dept (severe)16 yrs. Asd Committee made decisions that will negatively impact our vulnerable children. (Budget) We need help
perhaps if Congress weren't over paid for under performing there would be enough money!
Thank you Senator.
@CoryGardner should be ashamed of himself. But this GOP doesn't know shame nor human empathy. the scourge of the nation.
Hey Bennett.  Cut Medicaid and put a work requirement on food stamps.  I guess I'm the first Coloradan to request it.
The sheer horrific thought that the country should continue 2 waste money it doesn't have. Doubled our deficient in last 8 years. Faux Power
http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/04/28/ap-fact-check-claims-about-trumps-tax-plan-dont-hold-up.amp.html …
Then you are not fucking listening. Time to vote you out
R U listening @SenCoryGardner ?
Our autistic babies at Pennington Elementary feel this. We need help immediately. I have 4 ASD boys. Staff & us had no voice. Staff has been
Military $ +tax cuts for the rich cost Bigly. Dump the ppl so the rich can grab more. Why have So many fallen for this?
save a social program take a pay cut!you are the biggest problem
Cut Illegal Immigrants from Medicaid !! Our health care is for Citizens Only !!
How many more times do U Need to hear this !! #EvilLosers
Halve defense spending (while still spending more than any other country) and divert $ to health care and education.
I support the budget cuts in the President's budget. We have been borrowing on our children's futures for far too long, its time to stop.
Read the responses for once.
What a kiss ass! This guy only follows politicians! 
What cuts you you recommend then to balance the budget? $10 trillion added to debt over last 8 years.
Are these cuts? Or reduction in rate of increase?
Bingo.  Mulvaney's briefing won't make the evening news but he explained that it was reduction in rate of increase.
Its always nice to try & balance the budget, but when its done at the price of democracy, is it worth it? What will be left to protect here?
Programs that aren't being pilfered by people who don't need them. That's what.
Thank you @SenBennetCO. Fight this ghastly "wish list." I wish your colleague @SenCoryGardner listened to his constituents like you do!
So you just want govt to keep incurring debt and passing it on to next gen?  $10 trillion in debt over last 8 years.  Math does not work.
#FakeNews Plenty Coloradans want a #BalancedBudget That is because you only listen to Schumer.
Missed your tweet on blue cross totally pulling out of Missouri.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/867056976769015809 … (Ranked 1st for May 23.)
that's because it's cruel and insane! @RepKenBuck, I hope you stand up to the Trump Budget.
#liar. I've asked for all those things.
Either you are ignoring my replies or extremely forgetful.  I've been requesting just those things. Quit wasting our money Senator.
Thanks for listening to your constituents.
classic trickle down approach to a budget.The same approach that fails with every R Admin.With a sprinkle of spite to the poor and sick.Ugly
Where in the constitution does it give the government authority over any of that..?
Easy to critique and criticize someone who actually puts a plan forward. Haven't heard @SenBennetCO put any ideas forward to bring debt 
Did they ask for tax cut?  If so, they asked for cuts to the programs that taxes fund.
And what the GOP would say is that if they Coloradans weren't all stoned, they would ask for the cuts 
Maybe it's time to spend some of that marijuana revenue your state likes to parade on the internet?
Thank you senator! I prefer my taxes going to those programs than a stupid border wall!
Like programs that give Health Ins, homes & food to #ILLEGALS & our citizens #Veterans go without #BuildTheWall
No #sanctuarycities Period
Ha, I want my taxes to help veterans too! Border wall is #wasteofmoney
It cuts medicaid by over 800 BILLION!!! INSANE! Lets just kick 16 million Americans off healthcare BEFORE repealing Obamacare!
And finally, Senator, how would YOU go about addressing the US fiscal problems?
I bet your health insurance hasn't been affected by the ACA. Let's put Congress under the same rules as all of us.
Speak for yourself, not for everyone else in your state. Not everyone in Colorado is an F-ing libtard. Instead of Food Stamps, get a job!
@SenBennetCO It's the opposite of what his voters elected him to do. Will they still support him or buyers remorse? Prob. the latter. Sad.
I live in Colorado, and I want Obamacare gone, less spending on worthless public education, and no more of this "clean energy" bs.
Clean energy credits only help rich people buy 'clean' toys and distorts markets. And clean energy can survive on it's own now. Cut this too
Ed Dept only contributes to bloating of Ed bureaucrats. Cut it.
No one cares about Colorado it's  just a blue state full of stoners
, no one? Then you have not been listing. Well then, one more time so you can hear. Stop wasting our money!
Glad you're holding your ground!
Then why don't to try to add something to make better instead of just crying and obstructing
Expanded spending on all of these + arts. No to endless war. No to defense spending & DHS increase. Stop bombing Muslims(!)
Trump, Sessions and Pence want to move these back to the early 1700's. They are also lining their own and their friends pockets.
And you won't hear anyone ask for those cuts - unless you're spending time at Goldman Sachs.
Then you have not been listening.  Cut all!
I Applaud the TRUMP BUDGET.. Cut Administration Salaries to make up the difference. Yes it's that easy!
That's because you live in a bubble.
Thank you for actually representing us!
Thank you for being our voice!
Please keep up the fight!  Thank goodness we have a politician like you, in Colorado!  #intouchwiththepeople
isn't the mantra for the GOP to head to the interests of the few over the needs of the many...?
Wrong I live in CO i can't afford healthcare. But i pay for others to have it! My illegal neighbors own 6 new cars and get food stamps!!!!
People aren't "illegal." TROLL
Please keep fighting! Your efforts are noticed. #gopisdisgraceful
@RepTipton has
We must stand together & fight atrocity. Keep in faces of GOP MoC every day. Make sure greedy, callous GOP MoC hear us!
Tax me for services that help other people.
Senator, how long before we can get started with #Trexit?
URGENT 
MT election tomorrow! #ResistWithQuist every1 of us phone bank just 5 calls WeCan flip It! #EverySeatCounts
Thank you. Please find out if @SenCoryGardner will issue a bipartisan statement with you on this.
After today's Brennan hearings, it's perfectly reasonable to assume GOP party over Country.
We need more innovation in education.  Not more money.  So count me as the first
Will you support single payer? Will you stand against Trump arms deal to Saudi Arabia? Will you support ending citizens united?
When will you be conducting an open town hall?
You need to get out more
Then you haven't been listening to all of us. ($20 trillion)
Nobody questions a $100K mortgage on a $100K income. US GDP is ~$19T.
What's the collateral for the American people? Not apples to apples.
No, not an ideal analogy, few analogies are. Point is, it's not as big of a deal as some make out. Higher priorities exist.
Apologies for not being clear.
If not a big deal for you now, it will be when theft (taxation) is increased and you have to foot the bill. But, no big deal.
Taxation in the right places benefits all. It's part of the social contract.
The Mafia used a similar "social contract" and it was deemed illegal...tell me, how were these beneficial for all?
Also, please no cuts to library funding! It will also hurt the most vulnerable among us. #saveimls
We never want to tighten our budget but it's time. We have to to it at home and within the Government. Stop spending on credit!!!
Tell that to your colleague?
Would you support a pledge to put country above party?  I would like to try to make one and get a movement going.
