America is compassionate, but must care for its own first, including unborn Americans. Please support @SenatorSessions .
Please consider http://www.upworthy.com/a-massive-new-study-shows-how-to-reduce-abortions-and-its-not-more-regulation?c=upw1&u=584c739ffa01b466a31d09da … Regulation doesn't stop abortions.
It seems that life has such little value now. I believe:Use the pill, etc, not abortion, to prevent conception..
Most sane people agree w/you, so let's not cut off access to free birth control.
The thing is, it isn't free. Funded by taxpayers,of which I'm one. I had to pay for my own. Part of Self-responsibility.
Spent 1st 1/2 adult life as working poor, unable to afford insurance. Rather my taxes go to help others than war. Acts 4:32-35
Went thru similar position early on. Been paying taxes since to 'render unto Caesar.' i don't want war; sons in military.
I'll keep your sons & those of my extended family in military in my prayers. The aggressive posturing out of DC scares me.
Thank you for standing up for all the people of Colorado! Please continue the fight for equal rights!
I support your reasonable ideas on this
Please don't support Pruit either, as his EPA views would be a detriment to Colo way of life.  Stay Strong!
and so have you.
thank you for denying Sessions! Now, stand strong on education and the environment, too!
Thank you! Now perhaps help @SenCoryGardner recognize the people of Colorado, your constituents, strongly oppose this nom!
How are you voting re. #SwampCabinet? 100 constituents marched & want action! #WomensMarch
thank you. Please vote against Tillerson and DeVos also.
Also please reach out to your colleagues like Senators Capito, Heller, Moran, Fisher, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski ??
thank you for saying no to Sessions
PLEASE do all you can to block Sessions and DeVoss. THANK YOU!
also please vote no on Pruitt and DeVos.  We are counting on you!
thank you Senator Bennett. You are speaking for liberty and I will work for your re-election
Thank you Senator!
Thanks for helping insure our next AG will be trusted to uphold the law even if opposes Presidential preferences
Thank you.  Especially today.  We cannot afford to have his backward thinking & his devotion to Trump and not the constitution.
thank you!
Thank you!
Jeff Sessions is too extreme to serve as Attorney General. Please void agains is appointment to attorney general.
I'm glad to hear of your decision to vote against Jeff Sessions
thank you!!!
please use the 30 hours for more ? ? ? of Price, Sessions, DeVos. These are foxes guarding a hen house!!!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator.
thank you!
NO to Sessions,No to DeVos
Thank you! Keep fighting! Get Bannon out of there before you let anyone else in!
Thank you! This Coloradan supports your decision.
.@SenBennetCO @catyzsmom THANK YOU SO much!!! Stand strong we have your back!!!
having a temper fit
Thank you @SenBennetCO
This CO constituent thanks you and encourages you to also oppose DeVos.
Thank you for opposing @JeffSessionsrbx from a concerned #ColoradoSprings citizen!
Thank you!
For this and your response to the travel ban, thank you, Senator. I'm proud to have voted for you.
thank you Senator Bennet for taking a stand against Sessions and the Muslim Ban. Please #ProtectVAWA as well!
thank you senator...
Sessions will also trample all over CO's marijuana laws. @SenCoryGardner should also oppose him.
Thank you!!! Please fight as hard as you can against Trump's unconstitutional agenda. Please!!! We need you to keep fighting
Thank you from a constituent. Please let us know how we can help your re-election campaign.
Thank you for making reasonable choices, Sen. Bennett -- from a nonpartisan 80129 constituent.
Thank you Mr. Bennet!
EXCELLENT! Thanks for listening to the majority of your constituents. Stand firm, Senator. We support you.
'Bout frickin' time.
Thank you, Senator. Glad I voted for you.
thank you
thank you
THANK YOU
Thank you
thank you from someone who voted for you!! :)
thank you for not supporting him
Thank you @SenBennetCO  for representing my position on this. Please remind @SenCoryGardner who CO voted for in 2016.
Jeff Sessions has repeatedly opposed efforts to protect the rights and liberties of all Americans. I cannot support his nomination. 
keep up the fight. Looking forward to moving to CO and proud to have you as Senator. #resist
THANK YOU!
thank you!
Thank you! What recourse does Congress have about the Muslim ban?
Thank you, Senator.
thanks for not supporting Sessions!
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/825061539774361600 … (Ranked 1st for Jan 27.)
thank you, senator!
Thank-you!
thank you from Denver!
Thank you! & Thank u for knowing facts & asking tough questions during confirmation hearings.  Please continue to do so!
thank you.
Thank you! <3
Thank you. Please help we citizens convince your colleagues to do the same.
thank you for listening to us. wish you had come to listen in person, but ty.
Thank you for standing up
thank you for standing up to the incompetence of this nomination
Thank you.
@EconCharlie Thank you Senator Bennet!
Thank you for your leadership Sen Bennet
Thank you
thank you for your good judgement on Sessions
jeff Sessions should not be attorney General! I applaud your decision.
So pleased to hear that senator. Civil rights are at grave risk with Sessions. Thank you for your NO vote.
#sessions LIAR. #politicalhack #fakenews
thank you!
Thank you, Senator @SenBennetCO for rejecting the nomination of Jeff Sessions. – from a Colorado constituent.
So proud of you for standing up to blatent racism. Thank you.
Thank God for some sense in Washington right now.
Thank you for taking a principled stance on this nomination.
yes! Not supporting Sessions is the right position to take. Bravo.
As your constituent I fully support your opposition to Jeff Sessions.
Thank you.  I hope you oppose all of Trumps nomiations
prove it. Progressive liberal ideology put the country in this vulnerable spot. The voters rejected your views in DC.
Sen Bennett. Start the bi-partisan healing. Support Sessions.
Thank you from a constituent.
Thank you very much. Also, I don't want to pay for the Wall with my taxes. Our POTUS has to get funding from another source!!!!
Please block Betsy DeVos too.
THANK YOU for standing for us and against insanity
Thank you for strong stance/no vote on AG nominee  Hope CO colleague @SenCoryGardner will as well #countryoverparty
Thank you @SenBennetCO for supporting equal rights and justice for all Americans.
Jeff Sessions has repeatedly opposed efforts to protect the rights and liberties of all Americans. I cannot support his nomination. 
YES
thank you for recognizing that we, every citizen, need the DOJ to fight for justice.
Yes!! Thank you for being one of the voices of reason!!!!!
Thank you, Senator.  Your job is very difficult right now.  Please vote against DeVos as well.
@_JohnTierney_ Bennett says he will vote against Sessions.  Now he needs to come out against DeVos.

@missb62 Thank you,  Senator. I wish all your colleagues would stand up for all Americans in a similar fashion.
@NoLiesLizzy THANK YOU!
@agavecorn Thank you, Senator
Thank you Senator Bennet for taking a stand for what is right  I applaud your bravery and hope we can continue 2 depend on you
Please also oppose Pudzer for Labor Secretary - he is anti-labor, anti - minimum wage increase and misogynistic!
thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator!!!
Thank you Senator Bennet.
couldn't agree more! Keep up the good fight! #ConstituentinCO #resist
Please ask Sen. Gardner to follow your lead.
Thank you for supporting us and holding to what's right.

thank you Senator. Please, for the sake of public education, vote NO on DeVos. Can we expect an announcement?
Thank You, Sir!!! Your NO vote is very much appreciated for civil rights, human rights and voting rights. AG should rep people.

nonsense, senator.
Thank you for standing up for the civil rights of all Americans.
Sir, thank you!
Thank you, please oppose DeVos she is incompetent, and Pruitt, we can't afford to go backward.
Thank you, Senator Bennett.
Jeff Sessions is qualified to be AG and is chosen by the elected admin. Please confirm quickly so governing can begin.
#youloseliberal
thank you!
kind of sound like the Left. Only telling ppl part of the truth. Try telling the whole truth once. If you are able to
I support this, Senator! Thank you for your courage. - your constituent.
Thank you for your opposition!! Please continue to fight for all Americans.
thank you!!!!
You rock Bennet
Thank you. Please also vote no on Pruitt, Price, and DeVos.
thank you, sir! Please ask you CO peer to listen to his constituents and follow suit
way to go
Awesome decision. Thank you, Senator Bennet.
Today a march for "A world where every human life is valued and protected." Your silence is noted.
Excellent news Senator so glad you have the integrity #resist!
not true. Look at his record on civil rights wouldyoueversupport a Republican nominee. Inaction your mantra
Thank You Senator Bennet.
Thank you!
Thank you!!
thank you
thank you. Now please get some Republicans on board!
Thank you for the NO on Sessions.
Thank you for putting our country's interests over professional congeniality!
Thank you!
THANK YOU for your opposition! Please oppose De Vos and Pruitt also.
Thank you for opposing Jeff Sessions for Attorney General. Please ask @SenCoryGardner to do the same. And oppose DeVos too.
@maddow Thank you Senator!
Thank you for doing the right thing, Senator Bennet.
I wish your peer, @SenCoryGardner would do the same.
are you kidding me?!? @SenatorSessions is a man of integrity. You disappoint me!
Thank you! Please pressure your colleagues to join you in voting against a man not deserving of this position.
Thank you. While you're at it, maybe you can stop supporting big pharma and help get affordable drugs for your constituents
thanks for standing up for us!!!
thank you for standing against Jeff Sessions.
thank you. Please oppose DeVos and Carson also. I hope @SenCoryGardner will join you.
Thank you thank you thank you! So proud you are my Senator!
THANK YOU!
Thank you for standing up for Colorado!
Thank you Senator Bennet.
THANK YOU
Applauds! @MoveOn #Resisttrump @IndivisibleTeam #swapcabinet
Thank you Senator Bennet!
My thanks for that.
Proud of you
Thank you!
Thank you, Sen. Bennet!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator! @SenBennetCO
thank you Sen Bennet for representing the State of CO!
@SenatorSessions You don't represent me! I'm a Colorado citizen.
Good! Please urge @SenCoryGardner to do the same!!!
I support your opposition to Jeff Sessions...thank you for standing firm.
Thank you, Senator. Please vote against DeVos and Pruitt as well.
Thank you to my senator!!!
thank you Senator. He is clearly not supportive of voting rights and holds disturbing views.
Thank you! Please also vote "no" on DeVos and Pruitt.
& now please follow with NO votes on Pruitt and DeVos
Thank you. Please also vote no on Betsy DeVos.
Thank you, Senator. Please vote no on DeVos, Pruitt, Price and Mulvaney. They are all very bad choices.
thank you.
good for you!! Will @SenCoryGardner have the courage to oppose Sessions?
Yes! I support your opposition.  @SenCoryGardner Are you reading this?  What side of history do you want to be on?
Thank you Senator. Now please talk across the aisle, and get some of the @SenateGOP to agree to put their country above party.
Thank you! Please say no to Devos also.
Thank you senator, please use your same good judgment on Davos for education and Pruitt for EPA.
Thank you!
THANK YOU, Senator Bennet.  Stay strong!!!
Thank you Sen Bennet for having to courage to stand against bigotry. #JeffSessions
thank you Senator
Thank You!!
Thank you!
I agree.
