If @POTUS really wants to fix immigration, he should study the Gang of 8’s 2013 comprehensive reform bill: http://www.denverpost.com/2017/01/14/trump-should-look-to-gang-of-eight-for-immigration-reform/ … /1
Our bill would've secured borders in a cheaper, more effective way. 
Unlike @POTUS plan, our bill reduced the federal deficit by $900B /2
At same time, our bill showed compassion for upstanding immigrants through a fair pathway to citizenship & the DREAM Act /3
We must fix immigration by honoring respect for rule of law & heritage as nation of immigrants. @POTUS EOs does neither & further divides /4
I support this stance to look to Gang of Eight for immigration reform Hope @CoryGardner does too.
Thank you. Please keep fighting!
Thank you for the statement. Now what are you going to DO about Trumps's actions?
What will you do to stand up to this injustice? I would like specifics please.
Thank you for standing up and speaking truth. Keep fighting for our great state + country! @indivisiblefrr #WALLofUs
Enforcing laws is not an American value? To liberals I guess it isn't. But keep pandering for votes.  #wall #Borderwall #MAGA
people with a green card are here legally. They work and pay taxes. They are your neighbors.
Well, goody for them, but this has what to do with building a wall and finally protecting our borders?
Thank you for standing up to @POTUS! @SenCoryGardner Hope you are reading this. Choose what side of history you want to be on!
Thank you, @SenBennetCO - I am proud that I cast my vote for you.
Thank you, Sir! Your words are wise.
Thank you for representing our values. Looking to you to actively resist and vote against this radical unAmerican agenda.
1-Rule of Law has been ignored by Sanctuary Cities, 2-non-citizen felons must be deported, 3-Border enforcement must be strict
get the story straight. It's ILLEGAL ALIENS that he's talking about. Why can't you tell the truth about something?
it is not illegals. It also bans people who are LEGAL US residents with a green card or visa.
I seriously doubt that cause they are Legal.also they cannot over stay their visa then they become illegal
our founding fathers stated this country is not built on Christian religion.
#NotThisAmerican
I stand with you, Sen Bennet...your values reflect the America I want to continue.  Thank you.
IF PEOPLE ARE GIVEN A FAIR CHANCE IN LIFE!THEY WILL STRIVE TO BE THE BEST POSSIBLE  CITIZEN!
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/824391095505354756 … (Ranked 1st for Jan 25.)
Respect you; voted for you.  Now convince your colleague (Gardner) to see it that way too.
thank you senator Bennet, please continue speaking out and vote accordingly.
I can't agree with you more. We, as citizens need to keep up the pressure and continue fighting for our values.
Thank you for being one of the voices of reason in CO!!!
Your continued, outspoken support for all the people of this country make me proud to have you as our senator. #resist
Thank you. @realDonaldTrump Listen up, the people are SPEAKING don't ignore us or that would be another #trumplie #impeachtrump
Please protect Colorado from the Furor!
except my neighbors would get back to work and off welfare. Colorado is being bleeded dry. Housing and COL are astronomical $$
All these changes that Mr Trump is making scares me. How can he make all these changes w/o harming the American people?
Thank you, Senator Bennett. Please work to keep Price and DeVoss out of the cabinet. America needs you to resist the insanity.
REPRESENT YOUR constituents-NOT Illegal aliens!! Put AMERICAN's-LEGAL Americans-FIRST!  THAT's YOUR JOb!!!
BIASED Leftist Liberal VIEWPOINT!....Up for Re-Election soon??  NO Illegal Immigrants in Colorado! HIRE American!
yeah we need to read tweet this again
Thank you for this Senator Bennet. I'm standing with you. Except for native Americans, we're all #immigrants.
Please please vote no on the border wall.  I do not want my tax dollars spent on this rediculious lie of Trumps.
Thank you for your statement. Will you also stand against Sessions?
Thank you. Please keep up the fight. SO proud you are my Senator! #ResistTrump
I voted for you. Time to push back on the Trump agenda, rhetorically, legislatively. If you don't we'll find someone who will.
NO!! It undermines your globalist agenda.
is there law or do just pick & choose which laws you follow? Change the if you don't like it. Otherwise you support criminals
Vote no on Betsy DeVos.  Getting concerned about media gag orders.  Help us with this.
Thank you for representing me in CO. #resist
Now please vote against all of his cabinet nominees!
Bennet is a virtue signaling idiot who is not on the side of America or Americans.
this land was stolen from my ancestors now you want to give it to other people.if you didn't want it why kill the true owners?
How long until the countries we kick off the visa waiver program reciprocate? What will that do to tourism revenue?
you better start ACTING against this. SPEAKING against this won't work. We're watching you. Do something!
please continue the good fight to maintain democracy.
Thank you for standing up for American values and fighting for fair immigration policies.
Please make sure that no funds are authorized for this ridiculous wall.
Thanks for representing Colorado!
Bullshit
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking out Senator!
thank you, Senator. Now vote appropriately.
Thank you Senator.We hope your followers will support your voice by adding their names as #MuslimAlly at http://TrueIslam.com  #Solidarity
Thank you for standing up for immigration rights.
#AmericanValues RU Friggin kidding? Did you not take an oath? Since when is it in-American to enforce American laws. You didn't
Please fight him. Best sign at the Denver women's march: too many issues, not enough signs. Fight him on everything, please!
Wonderful letter. 100% behind you. This has to stop. People can not live continually in fear. #immigration
Thank you, @SenBennetCO Please keep up this pressure!
I appreciate these tweets in opposition, but you also need to VOTE in opposition.
let's set the ground work to get him the hell out!!!
I support Trump's Executive Orders
I applaud this action.Supportng prog social issues wellbeing is 1 thng.Supportng economic wellbeing is another. 80214
Better ways to spend tax dollars than a wall.  Keep on fighting this!!
Thank you.  We'll be keeping an eye on who has the guts to take a stand and who doesn't.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for speaking up against Trump's executive orders on immigration. #DiversityMakesUsStronger
u sir are a true politician. Concerned only with those u can control.
You have my support! Stand up against Trump's badly flawed plan.
what are you doing?
Our new president continues to show that he doesn't share the same values as most Americans!  Thank you!
Thank you Senator Bennet for these words.
time for law & order Mike!  Enforce current laws!  No border control = no country
I know.It takes a heart to understand y immigrants come here and r current laws r flawed. Not to mention the positive econ benefits
If we can provide sanctuary to any of these downtrodden refugees, make sure they can't get Canadian drugs.
@coloradodems another little slice is taken away with hardly a whimper
thank you. I hope @SenCoryGardner is listening -- tired of band-aid "solutions" from republicans. #NoBanNoWall
Proud to have you represent me. Thank you!
Thank You please let us know what we can do to help you in this fight.
Thank you!
there is nothing wrong with LEGAL immigration. Our borders should have been secured long ago.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Bennet.
please keep fighting!
proud you are my senator.
.@SenBennetCO Go for the jugular!
Thank you!  I'm proud to have you representing me
Thank you, sir.
thank you!
Thanks for speaking out!
thank you
