Republicans should do right by Americans and scrap their cruel health care bill, by @SenBennetCO http://dpo.st/2seF1k5  
Remember you created Obamacare & it's time for people to pullup their bootstraps & take care of themselves. Work 2 jobs if need be
So people that are sick - very sick- should pull themselves up by Theo bootstraps and work two jobs?  What about the elderly or sick kids?
Govt cannot continue covering everyone. People need to be responsible for their needs & if need be work 2 jobs - it has been done before
One follower!  That's just really sad, dude!
LOL only egos are counting followers. Obamacare is dead & govt cannot provide everything. Help truly needy but people need to get up & work
Get rid of the lifetime cap it will cause parents to choose between life of a child and financial future
Though on current ACA what we need are benefits for insurance agencies to offer low cost plans and pools to lower premiums
LET OBAMACARE FAIL!
OK, Mike, STOP sitting on the sideline with your RESIST EVERYTHING AND ACCOMPLISH NOTHING! Roll up your sleeves and participate! No excuses!
Good Morning. Yes, you are correct. There is a plan to do what you are suggesting. How can I help you?
Bipartisan? Kind of like how the Democrats passed Obamacare.  "Elections have consequences". The ACA was and is a train wreck.
1. Rublicans own the healthcare mess now. Not the Dems. Anyone can see that. 2. Bipartisan, yes! Thank you Senator!
Pass health&tax reform.Create economic climate 4good jobs creation so more can take care of themselves&need less help from gov. Reduce debt.
Senator, Good Morning. I was given a plan to pass a Healthcare Bill, and you are in the middle of it. How can I help you?
did you cosponsor the bill to make it a felony to not like isreal ?  wtf dude
Thank you Senator Bennett. 
We need #SinglePayerNow
No we don't. No choice means bad healthcare for patients. Competition creates better choices. Smart docs are better and deserve to be paid!
Omg if you want a private doc you can use one but if you can't afford it at least you'd have one at all!
Competition creates more incentive to exploit people for profit when they are at their most vulnerable.
Let's have doctors well paid because we value what they do, let doctors be competitive because they take pride in their work.
Yes! Agree!
Pay attention to this @SenCoryGardner Ur constituents are & we'll keep calling #copolitics #Trumpcare
SenCoryGardner is a lost cause to Colorado. We will not be re-electing him.
surprise! both parties take money from health insurance/ big pharma- bennets no different- wake up
Bipartisan craftsmanship is what this country was founded on! 
Thank you, @SenBennetCO
There should be NO DEALS with terrorist democrats!
The GOP won because we were told Obamacare would be fully repealed. I want my private insurance & healthcare back. Let it go. #RepealFirst
DJT could have been a real leader & ask for bi-partisan efforts to fix healthcare. But no..he chooses revenge and to divide.
Repeal obamacare. Cut taxes. Cut spending.
I think democrats have done enough damage don't you?
#Repeal and do NOT replace! Let every state create their own, there is no 50 state solution. Midterms we will have the chance to replace
We want #repeal or we will replace you!
https://twitter.com/WhiteHouse/status/885202925370224641 … #MAGA
The Congressional Budget Office's math doesn't add up.

Faulty Numbers = Faulty Results 
Obamacare was stellar. Nice job on that one. You're delusional.
@voxdotcom reports Senate exempts Congress&staff from healthcare changes: https://tinyurl.com/yd8vqgej  Assume u disagree; does @SenCoryGardner?
YES. You have my vote!
Selling out Americans for big pharma blood money.
Then quit stonewalling & get to the table & make the bill better. Quit being lazy & most importantly don't give handouts people can work
YES
Bring in healthcare professionals and listen to them?? That's a pretty radical idea. Be careful, good ideas may be hazardous to arrogance.
Thx 4 working 2 protect the ppl from #Trumpcare. I'm a disabled mother, & my 3 y.o. & my husband w/ heart disease can't go w/o med care.
Healthcare costs are high because of all the hospitals standing half empty.stop the building and #make America great again!
Bennet do something useful! Make Colorado a certificate of need state and stop building hospitals on every corner! Can't staff what's here!
YES!
Thank you Senator - we are counting on you to stand strong!!
What we need is the government out of healthcare completely. Please start supporting President Trump. He works for Americans.
He works for himself. He couldn't care less about you
Socialism sucks, especially in health care! Obamacare has bankrupted the middle class with high premiums and higher deductibles!
Our crony capitalist system has resulted in the most expensive but not most effective health system. Repeal of ACA will make it worse!
Exactly, the failure of our Congress to find bipartisan solutions to problems facing America is embarrassing and inexcusable.  It must end.
Where's the Democrats Senator? Ur ALL TALK & NO ACTION. Pathetic that U would rather OBSTRUCT than work w/ GOP 2 actually help Ppl.
All criticism, no help.  Share ideas with public if u have them.  Offers from both sides to work together are a sham. All talk, zero action.
Just admit you are one of the lefties who joyfully embraced & voted for #Obamacare w/no objections until Someone wanted to change #Obamacare
An yet you still offer no solutions yourself other than putting lipstick on the pig #Obamacare. Still refusing any responsibility yourself?
Thank you for your vocal, motivating and engaging opposition to #BCRA @SenBennetCO and for all you do to #KeepKidsCovered
Note the implicit admission by a sitting #Democratic senator that the #ACA is a failure? For once, he's right! #copolitics #ACA #AHCA #fail
No sir. You #Democrats passed this bill without a SINGLE Republican vote. You own it, you fix it. #copolitics #ACA
Exactly- R's control Washington now, do a REAL healthcare bill not a tax cut for special interest/ rich paid for by poor/sick/old.
Thank you Senator.  Please keep fighting against lifetime limits and pre-existing conditions.
Yes to that, from SW Colorado.
We need to improve #ACA, not dismantle the entire system. Please add nurses and doctors on the board.
YES! Get @SenatorCollins @SenSanders @SenatorDurbin @SenCapito @Sen_JoeManchin and anyone else together I WILL SEND FOOD! #FIXNOTNIX #ACA
Work with the R's to replace Obamacare
Republicans allowed McConnell to block everything in the past 8 years, so no one knows how to stand up to him. McConnell killed bipartisans
Repeal Repeal Repeal.
We need Medicare for all or at the very least a buy in option, otherwise blood will be on everyone's hands who passes this bill.
Thank you Senator Bennet for fighting for healthcare for all US citizens!! Especially us Coloradans!! We appreciate you!!
Thank you Sen. Bennett for the ACA healthcare for all - that got my plan cancelled and me kicked off my health insurance. Gee thanks!!
They fail to care. Fail to educate themselves fully. Greed. Immorality. If they had 4 autistic boys, they coul
Couldn't handle it. Imagine my life. No laziness here. It's non stop. My children won't pay for the polluted Earth that so many gained from
Please pass a budget, replace the ACA with something better, reform the tax code, start to pay down debt, make sure immigrants come legally.
It sure fails to address issues that rural seniors had w/ACA ... except to make it worse.
McConnell is in need of a conscience @AttorneyHerman
It addresses many things I have asked to fix. I live in #Colorado. #FakeNews #COPolitics
When will you sit down with them & not reflexively vote no!
Talk to @SenCoryGardner, he needs to get on board with Coloradans.
Why is it that your Republican counterpart is not willing to bipartisan reform. He knows Mitch McConnell is wrong and still he supports him!
Please work with @SenatorCollins and others to draft an ACA fix. Lead a bipartisan group of senators committed to doing what's best for all.
So you have completed how many hours working on solution?  Hours whining????  Do your job
No. We need universal healthcare. Nothing less.
We need a whole new Congress and Senate. #Trumpcare
2) on the #DeathPanel for the bill, & as an attendee at this weekend's KOCH BROS summit in Colorado Springs. He likes his dark money.
And @SenCoryGardner needs to lose his seat for refusing to hold Town Halls, talk to constituents, his role as one of the 13 Senators 1)
3 in my family would be bounced by lifetime limits. They still need affordable health care. Thanks for fighting for them!
You go Mike!
Make Colorado a certificate for need state and stop building needless hospitals that can't be staffed! Lower healthcare costs-result
Obozo care is dead !
And what are your ideas, other than the Obamacare bill you supported that got us to this point?
Typical - no reply. All talk.
Sounds like you're in the business of profiting off other people's suffering, so it's funny you think you deserve a response on this topic.
How about fixing the ACA...
@RepDianaDeGette has a list of reforms-she just needs ONE Republican to step up to the plate!
Don't think McConnell is going to go for that. He won't want "cede" his power center. [real or perceived]
I agree with you 100% BTW
Yes
Sorry to be bombing you Sen. Bennet. Can you reach out to Gardner and ask him to have his staff respond to constituents please? Frustrating!
That's really poor word choice when speaking to a US Senator.... 
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting for us!
Like single payer?
So ignorant it's not Trumpcare., it's #RyanCare. Stop acting like CNN with fakenews.
Really? Please elaborate what part? Sorry to say but you guys all automatically disagree with the other side without even reading bills.
Read the CBO score. It's all terrible (unless you're one of the richest 400 families in the US).
Yea terrible we will cut the deficit by 351 billion. Also actual working families will be able to afford insurance again. Yea horrible
Affordable premiums that don't actually cover the essentials, plus lifetime caps. A bargain!
Since when is maternity coverage essential for a 60+ yr old couple?
You're right so why does Obama care have a mandate on it? Or charge a 21 year old the same as a 70 yr old? No sense
Trumpcare has a hideous de facto mandate. Missed payments = unable to get insurance for 6 months.
Honestly, where are the Democrats??  This is not how the founding fathers wanted our government to work.  Trump is the great divider!
No we don't.
The US Industrial-Health complex has succeeded in forcing us pay 2x what the rest of the world pays. They know #SInglePayer will doom them.
Most Americans would applaud a bipartisan effort on Healthcare.
