@realDonaldTrump @potus more calls for you to denounce the blatant racism behind yesterday's tragedy.
Where do you stand on Antifa? Will you condem their actions?
How conveniently myopic. Would have never happened without BLM amd Antifa as well.
Oh please! ANTIFA is just as violent and just as guilty! Who do you think the other side was??? Ignorant!
Pay attention for once & stop being a partisan fool.
Big surprise? Hate Groups on the right conflict with Hate Groups on the left. Is anyone really shocked? 
"United We Stand, Divided We fall"
The Libs can have the Left coast, N.E., except PA and upper mid-west.  We get the rest and rename it "Heartland."
The liar in chief gave it lip service, but today's remarks show it was just that. Keep fighting for justice, Sen. Bennett
@SenBennetCO Is Congress searching for options that are faster than impeachment? I don't think democracy can hold on that long!
I think Presidents statements are perfectly right and saying that the violence by  left and right is wrong.  AntiFA terrorists real problem
Call the attacks what they are. Paid protesters, back by the globalist regime. They came in busses and destroyed the civil planned protest.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/896484389244329984 … (Ranked 1st for Aug 12.)
Thanks to you and @SenCoryGardner for doing the right thing and calling it what it is: Terrorism by white supremacists. #Charlottesville
Have you denounced BLM and Antifa?  Clearly domestic terrorists as well. POTUS denounced ALL hate crimes.
Pres Obama called former KKK Dem Sen Robert Byrd "a true champion a voice of principle & reason”!!!!
He has multiple times now. What about ANTIFA who showed up with bats intent on violence. Both sides are wrong, both filled with hate
Demand the removal of Bannon, Gorka his w Ife and Miller. They are pouring gas on the flames of hate. Thank you.
Thanks for the leadership here...so lacking in the Whitehouse (er, presidential golf course) these days
He said against all racism, duh. So you think it's okay for Black's to have racist groups? Mexicans etc?
Think all violent groups need to be stopped. NO reason for VA, CA, MO, etc. to happen. ALL USA leaders get on same page &  ID politics!
Be a profile in courage and call for impeachment loudly and clearly. 80214
Trump campaigned on building a wall. He will not divulge taxes. 
You have power. HELP AMERICA NOW.
In contrast, every member of GOP in Congress should own their choice to align with the alt right/fascists to win a Republican White House.
Thank you, Senator, for calling this attack what it is.
The folks in VA on the Left sure looked like they showed up for battle!!  Unfortunately, the AltRight still has their right to free speech.
There is no excuse for violence. But the group on the Left wanted this to happen. Violence gains attention from the press for the resistance
Thank you.
Too late.
I'm more disturbed by this than the threat of nuclear war.  This is a cancer from within, eating the body of America.
Right!
Domestic only in that both sides are Americans. Don't assume the right started it - oh, wait, that's the PC thing to do! So predictable.
Both the white supremacy and antifa group are bullies not just one side because it's convenient for some.
And trump's kids and son in law
Ty for a strong statement against white domestic terrorism & #potus45 lack of denouncing white supremacy/fascist acts!
What are you doing to make sure Denver doesn't become #Chalottesville? There's a strong white supremacist presence in Colorado. BE PROACTIVE
Trump and Bannon want nothing more than a civil war. I agree this was an act of domestic terrorism & they should be prosecuted as such.
#ManySides verbiage fr @realDonaldTrump only legitimizes hate-mongering fringe groups. Unpresidential & unacceptable.
Absolutely
but he won't because now he has to placate David Duke.
Trump's reluctance to denounce Nazis & white supremacist suspicious. #Charlottesville riot organized to detract from #TrumpRussia?
He should resign now!
Yes, I agree.  Sen. Michael Bennett should resign immediately
And you should focus on Healthcare reform.
Blood is on the hands of all Republicans who have fanned the flames of hate for 4 decades in order to win elections in south.
To condemn one side is to vindicate the other. I don't want to see violence from any.
Why pick on one side??
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Tweets won't budge @POTUS . Get @SenCoryGardner & other Senators, tell President no more votes till Bannon/Gorka/Miller are fired.
He has previously denounced David Duke & his ilk and accurately said today that many R responsible for today's tragedy.  #StopBitching
Thank you
Thank you!
@POTUS can't recognize racism, white supremacist, and nationalism are the reason for this act of TERROR, he condones the rhetoric of hatred.
Whoa. Let's not forget my part in this.
Thank you Senator Bennet for your strong words! We need to stand against domestic terrorists #LoveTrumpsHate

I couldn't agree more. Can you say the same and DISAVOW  Antifa and organized assaults at pro Trump peace rallies?
But he wont
Thank you! He won't denounce his voter base.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for speaking out and calling it what it is - terrorism by white supremacists. @POTUS will you do the same?
Yes, denounce KKK. denounce Antifa. denounce violent BLM.
It is time for you, sir, to support our President! You call for inclusion. Then include! That means support @POTUS
Amen! Thank you @SenBennetCO my daughter visited @AuschwitzMuseum this summer then saw Nazis on the streets of America. #Neveragain
It's good that you teach your children to remembers the sins of the past, otherwise she'd have issues recognizing these evils.
Erasing history is dangerous, but when large amounts of people come together the collective IQ plummets. What happened to e pluribus unum?
Unus pro omnibus, omnes pro uno.
But that's his base! He can't do that. Plus, he shares their views
He is unfit, as are Bannon and Miller. Try your best to see them removed from govt. Thank you for all you do.
Might I add Gorka?
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Bennet for deliberately denouncing white supremacy & domestic terrorism. #Leadership that DT could learn from.
Just like @BarackObama should have denounced BLM, Occupy, Antifa and the anarchists..but they were ok because Dem Hate Actors
EXACTLY.  Thank you.
Is there something the Senate can do to remove white supremacist influence from government? I'd like to see policy on this. Action.
Thank you, Senator. Even though we know he's incapable of that.
I'll give you one guess why he never has, or will.
He should denounce antifa and BAMN while he is at it.
Thank you Senator Bennet!  Bravo!
But he won't.
Exactly! Thank you for speaking out
Thank you! Now please vote to #ImpeachTrump
uhhh...what a great time for the Carpet Bagger to explain that you are CLUELESS
How do you know who was the driver? What if he's a leftie?  Will you still condemn or stay silent?
Thank you, Senator.
POTUS HAS ALREADY DONE SO.DID OBAMA DENOUNCE BLM?
And white supremacists (Nazis) don't belong in the WH! @StephenMillerAL @SebGorka @stephenkbannon @USAGSessions
Absolutely. Thank you Senator.
It should be.  But @realDonaldTrump is a coward.
But he won't. Should we all bet on why?
He doesn't want to upset his base. Trump should be ashamed
Legislation needs to be formed to suppress the hated and violence of these hate groups in Colorado.
problem is you have to define hate?  are white supremacists any worse thant Antifa or BLM?
and if the person turns out to be one of the "counter protesters" will you walk it back?  maybe you should wait to find out who it is
It is an act of the GOP, Senator! Please stop shying away from this obvious fact.
Why do you insist on using "domestic"?! Terrorism is terrorism
"Domestic Terrorism" is home grown, no blaming it on other countries.
