In a move likely to threaten ACA marketplaces, Trump to end cost-sharing payments http://wapo.st/2wQsJwC 
.@POTUS should be encouraging bipartisan negotiations to strengthen health care for millions of Americans--not undermining them
@SenBennetCO your words mean nothing until you speak out against him. Until you do you are complicit & just as cruel.
yeah but they voted for this. they asked for this. that's the rub. people just might get what they asked for, not what they wanted.
But I didn't. My retirement just died, and I may soon as well.  Life with chromic pain and no insurance to replace joints isnt sustainable
oh, but just pick up and move to a state with better options. literally one of the options republicans give - SMDH over here!
Obama care was horrible. The insurance companies are the only ones that benefited
Trump cate will be worse. Now my retirement has been pushed back and millions have no reason to make enough to get off medicaid.
Disagree
No matter what he does u libs go against
And that makes my life better how?
'cruel move' Mike? The 'cruel move' was obama spending taxpayer money without Congressional authorization! Imagine that @SenBennetCO ..cruel
All YOU have to do is pass an appropriation for cost sharing...oh that would require true bipartisanship and you are not interested in that!
So you support taxpayer kickbacks to insurance companies?
Sort of like Obamacare did.
Cruel is making someone pay twice what he was for premiums with 3 times the deductible. Can't afford healthcare to pay for health insurance.
Now you'll get to double that again. Happy?
I will be happy when we return to Capitalism.  Socialism sucks the life right out of a country.  Ask Venezuela.
Giving up your freeways, military, social security, and medicare?
How old are you?
60s with two chronic ailments, one crippling, one merely life threatening. You?
Late 50's on disability from an accident caused by a drunk driver with no insurance.
About time we asked the freeloaders to work for something! Thank you Mr President!
Just give us the same coverage that you have..problem solved
My family is screwed. My wife has cancer. Her meds are beyond our reach without a functioning ACA
.@hwy89media I feel for you. We’re in the same boat. @POTUS & @GOP play their power games & f**k over real human beings. #unamerican
Can you please tell us @SenBennetCO which law, passed by Congress, authorized this spending of my tax payments?
Are you serious? What a lie!  ACA is anything but affordable.  I have chronic life threatening illness and no $ 4 over $600 RX.  ACA kills
For the first time in yrs #healthcare was affordable via #ACA -saved my husband’s life. Now? Back to uncertainty - will he survive?
And Obama care isn't.  Someone needs to try something.  Congress isn't.
Wrong
How does a family financially plan when we have a President who is playing revenge politics w/ our healthcare!
Wake up, aca was horrible
#fakenews
Not only cruel, this will put many Americans in a place where bankruptcy is their only option. Where are the Republican leaders?
Let's follow the money Mr. Bennett. Since Obama care insurance stocks have gone in the moon. That tells the story
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/918678225211068421 … (Ranked 2nd for Oct 12.)
If you truly believe that then you have no idea what you're talking about. But I know you don't believe that.
#Trump's vanity knows no bounds. Terrorizing millions of #American families is just fine by the #Donald so long as he gets to count coup.
Please help us 
Whining is not leading! Get involved and help fix this problem. All know it's a problem that needs attention. Quit obstructing
Please LEAD on this.
If only we knew someone in a position to propose legislation to improve the situation. Like a Senator or something.
Premiums for my daughter and I are going up $200/mo next year. Self employed and not eligible for subsidies. Going without not an option.
Will Colorado do something to stabilize the markets and/or lower premiums in our state? Will Congress take some action at the federal level?
Clearly this dramatic increase is due to the actions of the current administration because previous increases were only slight.
Is there any sanity left in our government??? How horrible... 
Everything has been dismantled by this Bogus administration
There is something seriously wrong with our elections when 3 million more ppl voted for the candidate that lost. Bogus!
Quit bitching start doing give him a bill to sign that addresses your issue as well as his. Deal with it.
Those who can least afford it are paying the mandate tax
Wrong again the Executive Order will cover all concerned without the hassle of state lines and only certain hospitals for the people@takeit
As one of “those” receiving insurance on the exchange, I am BEYOND FRUSTRATED.
His decisions on healthcare and puerto Rico will kill people.  He's intentionally killing Americans out of spite.  He must be stopped
"Cruel" is a very nice way to describe him.
It's time everybody actually knows what this BS healthcare actually costs
Trump hates poor people, trump hates the middle class. So much for all that winning.
Mr. Senator, the 45th holder of the Oval Office has no clue and because of his selfish nature will continue to cause the mess he believes he inherited. Bad decision again by 45.
Shame to All Senators that support this move by POTUS, I hope American people will remember when is time to vote. POTUS hate poor people!!
This is devasting for CF inpatients & outpatients in CO w/ largest adult clinic in US
Right before re-enrollment,remove $
This isn't US 1st!
Mr bennet do you support releasing illegal immigrants who rape murder u.s. citizens
Mr bennet here in Denver a illegal immigrant murdered a United States citizen and the police department released him back into the community
Elected officials need to stop this insanity. Trump and the GOP have been threatening our lives long enough. He MUST BE REMOVED!
We are so done with this man.  Please remove him from office.  Our leaders are failing us.
He’s this nations president and he’s doing a great job!  He’s not going anywhere for a long while. TRUMP 2020!
See what happens to the political pendulum when one side pushes to far.  It always swings back.  It's a ship, not a jet ski. 
It can't be legal for him to make laws. Time for the Supreme Court
It just isn’t smart.This is a phantom solution that will neg affect way more than any MIGHT benefit.False “market” solution that isn’t
You mean all the unsubsidized ACA victims. Go to the single pay marketplace and see what aca cost those not getting a free ride.
Do something then. CO ACA rates already going up an avg of 25% due to dotard instability. At this point, I'm disgusted by the lot of you.
Bennett is one of 48 democrats. Little hard to fix things with trump and minions in charge. Vote our every republican next year.
I'm liberal. I get it. But unwavering congressional gridlock needs to stop. Their 9% approval rating is well deserved at this point.
This can't be Constitutional! The president can't make law, only Congress can do that. Isn't that what Republicans said about DACA, well?
And that's why #GOP should no hold a majority 4 a very long time.
No @SenBennetCO this is a move to rid the country of a detrimental law WROTE by republicans. Love how the Dems support it. #liesbybennet
No you just love bigger government . We the conservative want LESS government involvement. Stay out of our Health insurance
As a #Colorado voter I am beyond concerned. Congress must do something. #coleg #copol
Aca sucks, needed to be changed
Please
Regardless of what/why @realDonaldTrump does this whole #HealthCare issue was started by Obamas actions

Obama doubled MY insurance
I am so glad you are fighting for the people in my state sir! We have your back through these troubled times. I am glad you are our champion
Those who can least afford it have Medicaid and that's free.. They are on welfare and food stamps.. Get out in the real world and off your..
Most adults on medicaid have jobs. It's just the jobs don't pay well or have benefits. We subsidize mcdonalds, walmart, papa johns....
http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2016/05/12/judge-blocks-reimbursement-of-insurers-for-aca-cost-sharing-reduction-payments/ …
Trump now owns everything that's about to go wrong with healthcare. #Trumpcare #TrumpIsAMoron
At the same time lowering premiums for those who can least afford it.
The vice president needs to go too. 

Yes! BUT can’t you and your Senate friends do something about it! He’s wreakless and if you do nothing...well so are you!
4i democratic Senators, 52 Republicans, most of whom sold their souls and spines to kiss Trumps, um, ring. Tell me how we will fix this
Mine tripled in 2 years on Obummers Health Care! You need to stop going to the dispensaries!
Why does stupid come out every time you speak?
No it's a move that'll provide millions with coverage they don't have b/c they can't AFFORD it! 
Mislead the masses like a good #FearMonger
Cutting subsidies to poor people will not provide help, will cut insurance to 7 millions Americans, how will they buy insurance? FAKE NEWS!!
She's just a troll. Not a Colorado resident and irrational Trump supporter who doesn't realize breitbart is propoganda.
Michael I'm sorry but you are part of the problem. Sick & tired of hearing " he's cruel, he's unhinged" do something about it! for F sake!
Who is this remotely helping? “The Best Healthcare”, my ass! I’ll be back to where I was pre-ACA, asthmatic and no meds.
Term “cruel” rather lost on DJT. Please take appropriate action.
My premiums are going up 43% in 2018. Colorado needs to act.
Oh puhlease ... How can anything that benefits me personally be cruel??
Troll bot
