Ending DACA isn't just cruel, it also hurts our economy. DREAMers work hard, pay taxes, and are invaluable in our communities. #DefendDACA
We value the DREAMers in CO, and we stand with them to #DefendDACA
The height of cruelty is having this burden put on the American people. Either thy are legal or not. Let OUR children dream!
what is cruel, is that your natural citizens, mean so little
America first!!
cruelty was Obama promising fake amnesty by executive fiat and by allowing them to be here this long illegally
Can't we end DACA and have pathway for those already here to register and have a pathway to citizenship?
Immigration reform is the responsibilty of Congress. Do your job and stop blaming Trump!
Why would you defend something that is unconstitutional and illegal?
You won't be re elected, unless you dems still have illegals and dead people still voting
No shadow...back to Mexico.,
No, not cruelty. We finally have a president who respects the rule of law. #EllisIsland
they were kids..brought here by their illegal parents ass..they did nothing wrong....get a clue!!
real solution is use DACA as a HAMMER by extended 6 mo & letting everybody know fix Immigration by 1 mar R DACA EXPIRES.
And demoncrat baby killing is not cruel right!
WHATTA HYPOCRITE!
They need to go! They do not belong here. Get 'em out #ScrewDACA
You are a Senator. Pass a law and do it legally.
Please stand up for those without power. Please stand up to Trump as well. He needs to be impeached
No the cruelty is a Senator who defends Illegals over the US citizens they commit crimes against,  @POTUS
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/903335131745746945 … (Ranked 4th for Aug 31.)
What's cruel is the mayor of Denver signing a bill to have tax payers pay for the legal defense of illegal aliens! WTH!
One more indication that #potus is empathy-free
No not into shadow back to their illegal alien parents
Quit lying..he's not going to send current Dreamers back only ending it for any more. #MAGA!
NO
Are you going to run in 2020 please
Why should they be rewarded ?
and he wants our tax money for that ridiculous wall. so also  the height of stupidity  ( sorry Sen Ben - you know we love you )
We have already invested in our DACA students, by educating them. What a waste to condemn them to a life outside the legitimate workforce.
Shadows?  How about country of parents origin.
yes god forbid you should defend America after all you just draw a pay check from the government. Corrupt politician!
Just STOP! Your "dreamers" should have been utilizing their time becoming "legal" American citizens if their "dream" was to live here!
When you had complete control of congress you would not do what is necessary to help these people!! They are now illegals and have to go.
Mike, any remote chance you can get @SenCoryGardner to support #DACA and #BridgeAct? #copolitics @COindependent
Thank you Senator for standing up for what is just, moral & right. #DefendDACA
One who lives by the laws of this country.  Would you give forgive a person who purposely killed your dad?  Just as illegal! Follow the laws
Hyperbole to say that this looks a lot like a run up to Kristallnacht if left unchecked?
Agree. Thank you. #DefendDACA

#endDACA ASAP! American children need a dream to shoot for. Support AMERICAN CHILDREN benet!
Not into the shadows.... Back to their own countries.
You know he's here to kill our DREAMs.  The man has no heart...give it up, Mike!
You need to convince GOP traitors you work with to impeach: 1. Obstruction; 2. Conspiracy with putin; 3. Emoluments. GOP russian $=treason!
Send them out of the US and let them apply for entry like the rest of the world. Do not reward law breakers!
Every state should be as lucky as Colorado. We have a senator who cares about people, not impossible promises and failed policy.
So change the law Senator. POTUS doesn't have authority.
You know darn well #SCOTUS is going to shut #DACA down for the illegal act it is. @POTUS is restoring #RuleofLaw. Lobby Congress 4 amnesty
He just did it
I think we all know Trumpy will be ending DACA. This sick cruel white nationalist administration is horrible for our country.
Good bye illegals!
What shadows are you talking about?  Dreamers were fed a false narrative from the Democrats. #DefendDACA #IStandwithTrump
If someone goes to jail for robbery, should his children get to keep the money anyway, since they didn't commit the crime?
Thank you Senator. Please do everything you can to #DefendDACA
If U can stop bitching long enuf Mike I think @POTUS is willing 2 begin some long needed negotiation 2 find a reasonable immigration policy
He will make them look like fools again Drama never ends 
Horrible! What human being with any heart does this? Appalled! @realDonaldTrump
What part of "illegal immigrant" don't you understand Senator?
What part of innocent child don't you understand?  Is humanity dead?
When U Obama) rule by exec orders rather than legislation u can anticipate the obvious reaction!U were a church mouse when obama overreached
Overreach my ass like changing unprecedented rules so they could steal a Supr Court nominee, trump shld be denied the last year to pick any1
U forget the rule changes that Dirty Harry Reid made in the senate?Exec orders R not passed legislation!Net,Subject 2 change by future admin
So does that mean trump shouldn't be allowed to choose any1 on his last year in office? Since McConnell said obama wasn't allowed to?
Yep!
Only because Obama was for it.
Time for BIG protests to protect our fellow citizens (DREAMers). @MoveOn
#feettostreet
