Trump administration orders EPA contract freeze and media blackout http://dpo.st/2jnca79 
a democracy is about transparency. Freedom of speech must not be taken away from any agency.
@denverpost  maybe start voting against his nominees then. You're in a rare position to actually do something, do it!
Thanks for speaking out. 80+ citizens @ your Co Springs office yesterday: keep standing up for democracy, truth, & rights.
@denverpost - Stop using all your energy for political and negative things. Start doing some things in a positive way for all
Question is who will stand up to him-next step after muzzling fed employees will be muzzling us-anybody ready to take him on?
@denverpost agreed. Grow some balls and fight fascist Trump.
is there a giant red button we can push?
, keep speaking truth. Say it loud. Never back down.
@denverpost - Coloradoans
Mr. Trump, daily is coming out with more seriously worrisome behavior! Please stand up to this man. Do not vote for  Pruitt
EPA/USDA gag/freezes are not "troubling" they are censorship, dangerous, fascist AND they hurt AMERICAN JOBS.
Completely agree but what to DO?? @ActingOnFact @denverpost
@denverpost stay on top of these guys. Trump is horrifying! We are behind you.
@denverpost Exactly, Michael! Democracy can be messy, but I'll take that any day over pater/maternalistic edict.
If there can be no real discussion based on real facts, what will happen to our democracy?  We must have this freedom
Thank you for speaking up!!!!! We are proud to have you representing us.
Yes, and also time for YOU to stiffen your spine and start resisting everything they do. EVERYTHING! #MakeAmericaFreeAgain
I reached out to your office but please vote against Pruitt when his nomination comes up. Send a message that this is not right
how can you work to stop the gag orders? Stand up to the alternative fact propaganda machine!! Stop alt-Hitler from holocaust
@EcoFlight1 @denverpost afraid of free speech & release of accurate scientific information? Insecurity flows from incompetence
LEFTIST Liberal VIEWS!  NOT representing Colorado Americans!
You want a smooth transition, how are you resisting? BLOCK THEM  ALL http://www.cnn.com/interactive/2016/11/politics/new-cabinet/ … take a play from the tea party
As my Senator, I IMPLORE you, resist this tyranny coming out of Washington. Don't let them destroy everything. We will back you
How much of our taxpayer dollars will Trump waste on bogus claims of voter fraud and inauguration attendance. Bogus=POTUS!!
@denverpost Trump's Fascist Regime censorship is underway with worse to follow #Resist
@denverpost - Don't let these noisey, violent (burning cars, breaking windows, beating people up) altleft fanatics try to
Voting fraud, great-Lets redo all the elections-president, senators, representative, majors...everything!
Do not vote for Price or Sessions! Insist that he stop this censorship re:National Parks!
@denverpost please stand up to this bullying. We are a country of freedom. Don't let that be taken away. No wall, no gags.
@denverpost NOT troubling...unacceptable
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/824053522396303360 … (Ranked 1st for Jan 24.)
@denverpost - bully you. You are smart enough and are obligated to donwhat is right. Start now!!
Twitter's great, but you might need to try something meaningful
@denverpost this is scary. Fight against.
Censorship in the United States? What is next?    We need strong representation and have elected you for this.    Step Up!
absolutely, please lead the way
Thanks for fighting for us. Science is real, the environment and its resources need protected, and opinions are not FACTS.
so where's the fight??? Where are the Dems on the news cycle fighting this policy? Make noise and warn people of this policy
I know it's a busy time, but Colorado scientists need more action on this than just your comments on social media.
Agree. So what are you doing about it?
Trump has got to be stopped. We need the EPA
Please stop Scott Pruitt nomination.  Keystone reinstatement, EPA, USDA and HHS gap order.  No coincident.  No autocracy in USA
Our freedoms are at stake. Don't allow this to become normalized.
@denverpost please take legal action on this. Sue! EPA works for America. We deserve to know what is happening! #EPAfreeze
This is truly frightening. Please do your best to bring back open communication and transparency!
#censorship #dictatorship Senator, we are counting on you and your Senate colleagues to stop suppression of information!
@denverpost you're just now "troubled" by this lunatic's actions? Maybe you could raise your concerns to the other senators?
Thank you. The behavior of the Trump Administration terrifies me. Please keeping standing up for the Truth.
Thank you for your courage. Suppression of information is absolutely frightening. Please do what you can to change this!
Agree. Please support CO against candidates for HHS, EPA and ED!
Civil servants may need to start practicing civil disobedience. We have their backs!
Thank you- this needs to be heard loud and clear. We will not stand for censorship!
@denverpost Let Washington know that investment in renewables and US environmental leadership will boost economy in long term
Thank you! Please fight this. We deserve to know science and facts that affect our health and safety.
So what are you doing about this??
THANK-YOU SENATOR BENNET!!!!
Mike, please sit down, buckle up and shut up. Non politicians are in charge now, not your unqualified "First Black President"!
Even more troubling & unacceptable: not having cabinet leaders in place. As you say, it's time to govern with solutions. TY4YS
Nazi Germany and Putin ring a bell?
Hopefully you will be fighting this type of censorship. Hallmark of a democracy is openness. He needs to stop now. #gagorder
@denverpost this is crazy. Government is for the people - transparent. Secrecy will not work in our democracy.
@denverpost thank you for letting us know but now what? Why are they keeping everyone in the dark? What are they hiding?
Please continue to stand up and fight against this misuse of power.
When the @POTUS violates the US Constitution, he loses the job. #25thamendment
@eddyrogerparker @denverpost   Didn't you get the memo: USA now a Kleptocracy
@denverpost Unacceptable. This action threatens the Republic.
Sen Bennet, You're greenlighting all of Trump's nominees. You're losing us voters if you don't start voting against his admin
you voted against lower prescription prices from Canada... you are part of the problem
bought and paid for by big pharma
@denverpost Thank you!
@denverpost Thank you Senator. Please fight this.
.@SenBennetCO Thank you for speaking out for free speech and truth. @IndivCOInd @indivisiblefrr @IndivisibleLoCo @IndivisibleCOS
Unacceptable, reprehensible, irresponsible, wrong and scary. Fight for your constituents! We need strong leadership #DumpTrump
Thank you @SenBennetCO!
thank you for msg about this issue. Keep on it. Administration won't stop with these types of moves we start allowing them.
Yep. How long until Amendment 25, Section 4?
We also need to see our senator standing up more against trump cabinet nominees. Voting record so far disappointing.
Thank you for telling the truth.  Fighting for USA!  Now please Investigate Russian hacking and Crosscheck.
@denverpost Thank you for taking a stand on this! Please keep fighting.
@denverpost thank you, please do something! Help us!
Please let us know what you can do and how we can help!
@denverpost can we impose media blackout on @realDonaldTrump too??
@denverpost Thank you for speaking out. They are LIES and censorship. Please continue to speak out, we are behind you 100%
@mtnmama14 @denverpost The positions being taken by @TheRealDonaIdTr are not acceptable.
and so how is our Sen/Congress going to save the people?
The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), 5 U.S.C. § 552, is a federal freedom of information law ?
Keep up the fight Senator Bennet, we are with you.
@denverpost Taxpayers deserve & demand transparency. These gag orders be reversed. Save our National Parks. Thx for fighting!
thank you. It would be great if @SenCoryGardner joined in; these times demand it
Yes it would. He did answer his phone today, that that was a small positive.
Thank you!!!
@denverpost Thank you, Senator! Alternative facts are just lies.
Please convince those on the other side of the isle that #alternativefactsarenotfacts and that #trumplies are not acceptable.
@denverpost thank you!
@denverpost please vote no on all his confirmations senator. 200K of your constituents are!
absolutely unacceptable. The transition to a new administration deserves transparency. Not, "Surprise! Trump's EPA is here!"
thank you for speaking up. We need outspoken members of congress to defend our democracy in this DT fiasco
What a ridiculous assertion. Meanwhile, Obama targeted reporters, weaponized the IRS, & more. Leftists are ridiculous
@denverpost @BadlandsNPS too! Please do something!
@denverpost I presume when the Democrats regain the executive branch GOP holdovers will be able to tweet away at will?
Thank you Michael Bennet....tell us how we can help.
@denverpost : Agree. This administration's actions are extremely troubling. CO delegation must push back or resign.
@denverpost  Thank you Senator for
taking on the fight. We need you to be our voice. He will destroy what makes America great
@denverpost I could't agree more. Prayers that other #congressparty members believe in some if not all these points.
@denverpost whatcha gonna do, Senator?
@denverpost this is anti-American, anti-democratic and just plain scary. Please do what you can to fight against this! Thx!
Keep fighting @POTUS "If liberty means anything ... it means the right to tell ppl what they do not want to hear." #Orwell
How will you confront this? @realDonaldTrump wants to operate in total secrecy-deceit-ZERO transparency -just as he campaigned
Please stop using "alternative facts" and just call them lies like you and I know they are. Use your status to make a difference.
@denverpost someone postd on FB that all incoming Presidents do this? Yes or no ?
thank you! Now if Gardner only felt the same...
Thank you for responding - please take action for us! Do something to limit these heinous acts!
I'm very scared, Senator. I hope you will do everything you can.
Keep fighting for our country. We will stand along with you.#Solidarity against tyranny is #Patriotism
.@SenBennetCO thanks for speaking out.
I'm afraid these are just the earliest of steps to tear down everything.
.@SenBennetCO Alternative facts are lies, we have elected you & your colleagues to stand up for America. We will support you as you #resist.
What can we do about this, senator? Is this even legal?
