Great to see you putting country B4 partisanship. Would love to see you vote FOR CO's Neil Gorsuch as well.
pls keep Trumps oil and gas greedy cronies away from our land
Senator Gardner should reject Devon and Sessions! Stand up!
What's wrong with Sessions?
It'd be great if you guys could protect our #publicland all over the country. I don't want oil rigs in my NPs.
convince him to reject Sessions as well!
great work! Confused why Gardner keeps saying we are paid protesters calling his office. No - DeVos & Sessions!
But you voted in favor of Keystone?
thank you for protecting our beautiful state and the gorgeous scenery we love  #protectpublicparks
Thank You also for the nay vote on repealing the EPA protect our streams regulation. I wish Gardner cared about our streams
so happy you are taking action to protect our state! Hope you both will vote against Scott Pruitt too!
@RepDianaDeGette since Mr. Gardner is not responding to CO residents can you please tell him NO on DeVoss!
While you're at it, convince Sen. Gardner to vote "NO" on Devos, why don't you?
Yes please!
convince him to do what's right and not support Betsy DeVos..our kids before politics..
as a constituent I beg you both to vote against Betsy DeVos.  The entire country is behind a "no" vote.
.@SenBennetCO Mike, maybe you can talk some sense into @SenCoryGardner about the whole 'paid protester' myth. He needs to HEAR us.
POTUS approval rating going through the floor. Think about that when constituents ask you to respond #imnotpaid
agenda 21 eh?
NO on DEVOS!
glad to see you both working together to protect public lands. Thank you.
Thanks for working together to protect our lands. No ban! No wall! No DeVos! No Sessions!
Thanks for working with Gardner on this...AND keep up the great work. I vote and will keep supporting you.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/827301764772802564 … (Ranked 1st for Feb 2.)
Thanks for the bipartisanship. We need more of it!
#Resist
Bipartisanship? What do you guys think this is 1941?

Kudos to both of you!
Thank you, gentlemen.  Colorado lands are for the good of all.  I appreciate your effort to protect them.
I sure wish you'd join forces and get Bannon out!
Good job, now please see if you can persuade Gardner to vote "NO" on DeVos! For Colorado and The United States!
Hey, if you run into @SenCoryGardner tomorrow, tell him his constituents who AREN'T lobbyists don't want DeVos confirmed.
Thank You, Sirs for working together to protect the precious lands we Coloradans love so dearly.
Thank you for workin g together to protect our state.  Vote NO on DeVos and protect our children
Finally some potential good news coming from Washington! Thank you!
probably more regulations against me walking my dog in the woods.
Great!  What are you gonna do about Trumps opening up proposed drilling in national parks?
Thank you!!!
hard 2 believe he seems to only be focused on saying protestors are paid to protest!
thank you!
This is great, @SenCoryGardner & @SenBennetCO, but how did the Stream Rule vote go today...
that sounds awesome!!!  We are Colorado!
It is a shame you can't get Gardner to vote for the protection of our streams
"Common Sense" from politicians... that's hilarious! You're the guys who vote on your own pay raises, right?
1) sounds great But does not these things, impart, contradict Cory's vote 2 allow coal/waste 2 impact waterways
thank you for working to protect public lands.  Don't forget Trump never Divested and probably broke the law
Good to see you guys work together for the good of CO. Now work together to reject DeVos for the good of CO!
That's great, fillibuster Gorsuch
Thanks for working together for Colorado! Great example of bipartisan work for the people you represent. Proud!
today Corey Gardner voted yes to allow dumping of mine waste into streams.
working together, a very welcome change. Neither party should obstruct but work to compromise or agree2disagree
thank you for showing that folks out west can work together to solve problems. No on DeVos! #ColoradoProud
thank you Michael Bennet. Please continue to protect our world!
and reject Davos and sessions!
thank you.
that's great! Now you should both vote NO ON DEVOS.
Thank you, Senators.
Thank you for working together on this.
thank you for making this pledge to protect our beautiful state
Great news. I'm new to the state and would hate to think this could be ruined before I see it all.
And both of you please vote NO on Devos.
thanks. Tell CG to oppose Devos. Both of you need to oppose Pruitt and Sessions as well. Not good for CO.
now do everything you can to block Devos
thank you for taking time and effort to protect our very special and unique public lands today.
I'm glad to see some bipartisan cooperation in Congress.  #IndependentVoter #CountryOverParty
Really happy to see the bipartisan cooperation on these bills, Senators - and the support for public lands.
what are you doing on our Colorado guy, Gorsuch, Sen Bennet?
because I'm all for him
glad you are working together.  Can you PLEASE get @SenCoryGardner to support our children and vote NO on DeVos
Thank you Senators Bennet & Gardner for working together for Colorado. Need some good news. #Colorado
and did you tell Cory to come to his senses and vote NO on DeVos?
Thanks @SenBennetCO @SenCoryGardner but where is press release about giving streams back to coal @SenCoryGardner?
Thanks to both of my Colorado Senators.
Thank you for working together for CO. Warms my heart and makes me optimistic for Colorado's protected lands!
Amen!
What have you done to place Garland SCOTUS? #stolenjustice @SenateDems
Reject Sessions and DeVos!
For the moment, I'll pretend that Gardner has a hint of morals & will keep his word... without porking it!!!
Thank You for these bills. Colorados value our public lands and their protection
 for CO wins over party loyalty. #priorities #goodleader
Good job, Senators!
if you vote for DeVoss you don't have common sense.


