Maybe in addition to statements you could stop voting to confirm Trump nominees. 50% "no" is not good enough.
Great point. If these career politicians don't start listening to their constituents, they might as well work on their resumes.
#ImpeachTrump
All of this needs to stop today, enough is enough!
Oh and before you go down that rabbit hole.. the Secretary of State is not allowed so lets press on with investigations
This administration needs to end
The president is the only that can declassify intelligence information for dissemination... President Kennedy did it with U-2 photos in 1962
#WTH @SenBennetCO "if this is true"?  An unsubstantiated rumor & you jump on it! How many times did you critique your dem friends?Obama Reid
Seriously?? This is your statement? Don't think our allies care about his 'explanation'!! @Indivisibleps @washingtonpost
He stated via tweet that he's allowed to do it. So it is true and that is his explanation. Now what?
@senbennetco POTUS tweets brazenly confirm he shared details. Time for independent counsel.
Michael Bennett is a lying, traitorous pig.
Fake Flake lying news 
#resist.....speak out public ally against Trump.  This has to end
It's time to step up and be an American. This behavior should hurt you to the core. Country before party.
#WithholdConsent
lock him up! lock him up!
If true, confirms that DJT is an ignorant buffoon and a threat to the nation.
Why are your Republican colleagues supporting him? If it was Clinton, they would scream for her head. He needs to be impeached now! Treason!
Trump: Dangerously incompetent and arrogant, now trading declassified info. Demand independent counsel to explore his Russian connections.
Agreed.  Wish you would have stressed your concern about your secy of states emails then you would have credibility.
It's WaPo, fool...they are just as much #FakeNews as @CNN, @ABC, @NBC and the others.
So why did your #DearLeader CONFIRM #WaPo's story this morning on Twitter? Can you explain? Or do you prefer to keep your head in the sand?
"If"?  Are you telling me, with all the information that is out, you are questioning the source?
Agreed.Also, Congress needs to vote for measures that make the government more ethical, rather than blindly voting along party lines.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/864260099900149765 … (Ranked 1st for May 15.)
IMPEACH. I no longer want to hear one damn word from this "man's" mouth. IMPEACH.
he just did on twitter. He says "because I can" uh no no that's not how this works. 
The MSM knew for 15 yrs that he was in bed with the Russian Mob yet they normalized his candidacy and this is what we are left with#traitor
What's more important? Allowing innocent people perish in the seas or giving them #SafePassages & #Resettlement opportunities.
Where's America's Big Fat Door for #Refugees? Looked everywhere/not found/got lost. Pls send the coordinates over here. It's urgent, u know.
I am sure we will not get such explanation.  simply wanted to brag &boast to enemy how great &clever he is!
Impeach #45
Who cares what his reasons are? If it's true, Congress should explain why they won't remove him from office immediately. #accountability
Um. No. If the report is true the president should be impeached and jailed for treason.
He won't, Senator, so perhaps we could get moving on impeachment.
Please support an independent investigation. This is not globalization. This is insane-nation.
What ACTIONS will you take, Sen. Bennet, to ensure the truth comes out?
PLEASE START IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!!! This is not the only crime of which he is guilty. Time is of the essence.
Explain? Quit being a mealy mouthed wussy. If it's true, he has committed high crimes and misdemeanors! He's gotta go and you need to lead!
I find your language toothless and conciliatory, considering the seriousness of the accusation. Stop saying 45 'should' & demand compliance.
Come on, Senator! He won't explain anything. Please vote to impeach!
Please stand up and demand that he do so.
Given the last like 50 things from anon sources WaPo has pushed have been utter garbage...

Do you have any critical thinking skills?
Disappointed to see someone so easily conned by WaPo's storytellers is a CO rep.
That's not exactly a hard response. Shouldn't he be held accountable @SenBennetCO #Coloradovoter
If true, every rep. Should be calling for articles of impeachment!
Trump is a danger to America!
Who determines what info is classified, Congress?
Treason. Period.
Sen. Bennet you are going to need to find your spine.
Regardless he should explain himself
We need more, Senator. We all denounce the administration. The people want to see action from the Democrats. Be bold.
Michael F. Bennet...my Mother taught me to never repeat rumors. Did your Mother not teach you that or do you not have a Mother?
Why don't we have an independent investigation yet? What can you do to make it so?
He was only bragging... 
like in the way he can grab em' by the p.... 
oh, wait 
that's bad too. 
I see it now
He needs to be impeached.
it's all very well and good to produce a picturesque quote, but what are YOU going to DO about it?
No, if the WaPo report is true, we need to IMPEACH him for TREASON!!!
Because he's treasonous and insane?
Unlikely he'll discuss his indebtedness to Russia...
This awful weak response is why Democrats continue to lose election after election
Where are you, @SenCoryGardner?  Still defending this piece of filth President?
Seriously, @SenCoryGardner & @GOP  where do y'all draw a line? If you are holding out so you can look like heroes later. Too late!
Crooked @realDonaldTrump & his team "were extremely careless in their handling of highly sensitive, highly classified information." Not fit!
I don't want an explanation from a liar. I want justice. #impeach
Maybe more? This is scary Sen.
Impeach! this is treason at worst and gross negligence at best.  He's not fit to be president either way.
Cause it made him feel like a big powerful guy.
It says in the article. "If true" The Post prints sensational headlines.   Let's see. There is nothing yet.  Stop spreading #FakeNews
Thank you, Sen. Bennett. We need many more like you. But know, it's time for Trump to have serious consequences for his missteps - impeach.
Trump needs to be impeached as a traitor to our national security
My personal information was published by WikiLeaks as part of the email hacks. Please fight for a special prosecutor. Enough is enough!
He should resign.
Why? Probably because he doesn't have a freaking clue what he's doing.
Time for stronger words than these. Trump is dangerous. Time to pull the plug on this administration before we can't dig our way out.
It's all a ploy to cover-up and distract from the tapes that have been released.
He should also resign. This is unacceptable
Explanations = lies! Get him out!
If you want the Democrats to win in 2018, start talking about policies. Enough with this god damn noise.
Oh, I think more should happen than 1 of his "explanations", way more. @indivisiblefrr #copolitics #Trumprussia
No, he should be impeached and tried for obstruction of justice and treason.
He should be impeached.
