Thank you.
thanks!  We must stand together for public education!
Please work to convince @SenCoryGardner to follow your lead. Betsy DeVos does not have our kids best interest in mind.
Thank you!! Can you try and convince @SenCoryGardner to vote against her too?!
thank you! As an educator of 30 years, I appreciate that your decisions are informed by your constituents!

of course you are, you guys are going to oppose the whole way through-regardless. You'll hate POTUS SCOTUS pick too coming soon
Merrick Garland.
Thank you for using common sense in this era!!!!  Your constituents will be relieved to know this!
Thank you, Senator.
thank you!
thank you!!!
thanks for opposing #DeVos. Any chance you can sway @SenCoryGardner ?  Might be tough since she gave him $49k.
thank you!!!!
thank you for voting NO on DeVos. It's the right thing to do!
Thank you Senator for your leadership and dedication to Colorado values. So glad we have you fighting for us.
Agree Thank you! Please base all votes on qualifications and VOTE NO on Pruitt, Mnuchin,Sessions, Price, Perry!
Thank you Senator Bennett for opposing DeVos!
Thank you for standing up do our kids and the education they deserve. Please convince colleague Gardner! #NoDeVos
thank you!
Can you loan @SenCoryGardner the $50,000 he took so he can also vote NO on #devos? #notpaid #independent #taxpayer #80113
Thank you, Senator! Please also vote against Sessions! We need your voice!
I'm less worried about Bennet on these votes. It's Gardner that we need to pressure.
Careful, that's bullying language. Speaking of elementary school, aren't we above that?
The people in Durango appreciate your vote against DeVos.
Thank you Senator Bennet!
Thank you for standing up for CO schools. We appreciate you! #copolitics
doing what his party wants, not what Colorado wants. Expected. #Notmysenator
thank you. Sad that Gardner does not think for himself
I disagree, system is broke, hire someone to fix it!
Thank you for this! Please talk to @SenCoryGardner - he needs to do the same. #Education is not a partisan issue.
why can't @SenCoryGardner  make wise decisions too? Please remind him to side with the residents of Colorado.
thank you
I'm on of your constituents. Thank you for standing up for our children,  and in turn our future leaders. You are appreciated.
thank you senator!!!
: THANK YOU!
Thank you, Senator Bennet. Please vote against Jeff Sessions also. No wall! No ban! No to Trump's Supreme Court nominee.
Thank you! I don't have to call your office now!
Thank you for putting the best interests of Colorado children first!
thank you!!
Thank you. Please work to get other senators to join you.
and I've seen nothing that inspires any confidence from you.  Bought and paid for cheap suit
YEs! Thank u
PLEASE CONVINCE SEN GARDNER TO DO THE SAME. impossible to reach his office. I'm originally from MI. De Vos is a HORRIBLE choice
THANK YOU!
Glad to hear it, otherwise you'd be getting a call from me just like Senator Gardner is!
thank you!
thank you for making an educated,  thoughtful decision.
thank you for your opposition
Good job Senator! She is completely unqualified and destructive to Public Education. Thank you!
And the NEA and ED have done such a great job for 30 years.  Dept of Ed costs $2K per child every yr.  For what?
Been calling to ask you to do this, but have only been able to leave messages. Will continue for future issues. Thank you.
THANK YOU on behalf of our children
Stand strong in your opposition to DeVos. She is not good for all our children.  continue to talk with your fellow senators
we need school vouchers.Approve Devos.
You owe us your constituents  to be cooperative  with the POTUS! Stop boycotting & discipline the rioters! Annoying!
Do not vote for DeVos. She is grossly unqualified for the position. Thank you!
so you are going to show up and vote no? You must of not got the memo from the union and your twits in charge to stay away.
you make me proud to be a new CO resident #NoonDeVos
@Dave02658272 thanks for the retweet.  Senator Bennett is a warrior for CO!
thank you sir!
Thank you!
NO on DeVos.  Please encourage your Republican colleagues to prevent her from destroying public education.
Can you please convince your colleague Sen. Gardner as well? Colorado and U.S. can't afford a mistake like DeVos for our kids!
Thank you Senator Bennett!!!
tytytyty for voting with integrity!!
Thank you Senator Bennet!  As an educator, it is very disheartening to see someone with NO understanding even be considered.
good
Yesssssss! Thank you for standing up for ALL kids!!
Thank you, Senator! Please continue to take principled stances on behalf of your constituents- we need you to be our voice!
vote no on the supreme court candidate also. Just say no
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for backing up public school teachers!
Thank you fro not voting for DeVos. I agree and I will remember your vote
thank you for committing to a "no" vote on DeVos and for your nays on Tillerson and Pompeo. TYSM for listening to CO voters!
as an educator working in Greeley, thank you! Time to step up for your constituents @SenCoryGardner
Thank you. My calls to Gardner, I fear, are wasted efforts.
This is good.  Continue to stand up and resist this Fascist regime.
Thank you again Sen Bennet. I'm sure you are in a difficult environment. #DeVosvote
THANK YOU.
thank you, Senator Bennet. Clearly she unqualified.
Thank you!!!!
@MrMcNeely1st #CTA Extreme donate 2 Planned Parenthood Feb 11! #RT often! Thank You Mr. Bennet!
THANK YOU!!!!!  I was deeply concerned by her senate hearing.
thank you for your decision to vote against Betsy DeVos
Thank you, senator!
Thank you! As one of your constituents with two kids in DPS, I agree with your assessment.
thank you!!!!!!
thank you. Keep fighting!!
Thanks Senator
thank you!  And everyone should be calling @SenCoryGardner to ask him to do the same for our kids! 970-484-3502
thank you, so many of us appreciate you.
Thank you for listening to your constituents! #nobetsydevos
thank you!  And everyone should be calling @SenCoryGardner to make sure he does the same for our kids!!!
thank you 
now who else can you bring over to the NO side? Your neighbor to the east?
thank you so much. Idk how you could lead the Dept of Ed without an ED degree. You make this veteran proud!
THANK YOU!!!!!!
thank you! I'm not from your beautiful state, but your No vote for @BetsyDeVos supports educators & our children.
Thank you, Senator Bennet!
THANK YOU! .. @SenCoryGardner looking at you now. This OpEd by CO teachers of the year says it all
As one of your constituents, I am grateful that you are keeping our children in your thoughts when you vote.  Thank you!
I agree.
please vote against Sessions! And the restructuring of the NSC and Bannon's place on it!
thank you Senator! @SenCoryGardner, can we count on you too?? She would be terrible for Colorado's children!
Was glad to see the "no" vote on Tillerson as well.
Thank you, Senator!
But, but, @BetsyDeVos will have her first job after 40 years of being lazy. Lazy isn't good on resume.
Thank you! @SenBennetCO
Good for you! Hope you can persuade at least one more senator to vote no.
thank you. I can only hope there is enough sense among the others to vote no as well.
Thank You!
Thank you
Thank you for standing up for #publiceducation
Thank you! We need to protect public education!
Thank you Senator for standing up against Betsy Vos!
Thank you!! #NoSessions #NotoDeVos both are wrong for their perspective seats
Thank you @SenBennetCO for putting our kids first and voting no on DeVos
It figures Senator, I urge you to hurry and vote FOR Sen Sessons for AG. Don't forget to vote for the SCOTUS nominee, QUICKLY
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TY!!! As an educator, her nomination sent chills down my spine. At least on this, you might have some Reps join you.#StopDeVos
Just contacted you and then saw this...thank you so much for looking out for my students!
Thank you!
Thank you! Please stand strong in this decision.  Please work to get GOP senators to do the same.
Thank you!
Thank you! Now please tell colleagues Sens Capito, Heller, Moran, & Fisher to have courage like Susan Collins & Lisa Murkowski
Thank you.  More votes against these dangerous nominees, please
thank you!
thank you.
Thank you for voting against Betsy DeVos.
Thank you Senator for opposing this completely unqualified candidate.
I just wanted to say thank you for standing up for the children in CO and the US. Keep fighting for us!
We are so glad you recognize her utter lack of qualifications and also her experience in Michigan was a total failure.
We appreciat having a Senator who actually looks at the truth not Alternative Facts and will oppose a pay for play nominee
Thank You for voting to make America smart again.  The rampant ignorance and willingness to listen to LIES has created a crisis
Thank You so much it is time to dig in.  The majority supports you.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/826470807274668034 … (Ranked 1st for Jan 31.)
thank you Senator.
Thank you!
what are you plans for Scott Pruitt, Jeff Sessions, Rex Tillerson, and Niel Gorsuch?
why was she the only one you voted against? You have failed any supporters of this party and 3rd party will be the future vote
THANK YOU SENATOR!!  BOYCOTT ALL TRUMP NOMINEE!!
I agree
thank you.  At least Colorado has one senator we can count on.  #downwithgardner
Thanks!  Will you please talk @SenCoryGardner into doing the same?
.@SenBennetCO And please please vote against Sessions and Tillerson!
Thank you, Senator Bennet! Our students deserve better. -a Denver constituent/parent
Thank you for this!  And the boycott of the Finance Committee. It means everything in the long term.
Thank you for standing up for The public education system.
please reconsider we must stop the Common Core mess and need new eyes on our children.
Thankyou thankyou thankyou!!! With decisions like that, CO's got your back! Keep fighting!
Thank you for opposing the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. SHe is not an advocate for public education, essential to a democracy
Like always, we disagree! You do not represent the people of Colorado or of our nation. You are like a thorn in my foot!
thank you for the no on DeVos & your good vetting. Can you get any Rs to cross aisle?
.@SenBennetCO Thank you for committing to a "no" vote on DeVos.  She's truly a bad choice  for Colorado.
As a Colorado voter I did not vote for you to be the resistance party., but to work together to solve problems.
And will you provide Gorsuch the same courtesies that Republicans provided Garland?
My Grandson has autism & relies on Spec.Ed to progress in life. DeVos is extremely under qualified, & our kids deserve the best
Thank you for standing up against this incompetent nominee!
Now vote against nominee #noGorsuchscotus
excellent!
thank you. As a non paid protesting Coloradan I'm looking for integrity from my senators. (Hint hint @CoryGardner hint hint)
move education back to the states!
Thank you, from a constituent.
what do you think is the right decision on school choice?  CO has a lot of charter schools for you to be against.
thank you Senator Bennet!  Proud you are representing Colorado in DC!  Keep up the good fight!  #leadresponsibly
Thank you, Sen. Bennet!
Again, thank you Senator!
Thank you for looking out for our kids.
Thank you! Please also vote no on Sessions!
 Thank you for fighting for us!
I voted against you too.  You gave me less confidence after your first term and not much into 2nd term.
Thank you @SenBennetCO & I hope you convince other senators to stand with you against a bad candidate
Thank you.
drain the swamp...  next election
Hello, understatement much! And that's for voting for real education.
thank you!
thank you so much
Thank you, Senator! Please vote against Sessions! He does not belong anywhere near the White House!
Thank you! Happy to have you as my senator.
As you should. She's proved not to be in clear understanding of the position nor does she have a clear direction. Bravo!
Thank you!
can you convince that jerk Gardner to do the same?
Thank you Senator. Your willingness to seek the best qualified candidate is appreciated. Politics aside get the best person
.@SenBennetCO thank you. You gave it your best. Keep fighting the good fight.
thank you!
@COSBulldog As a teacher, thank you for standing up for all our students
thank you Senator Bennett!
thank you thank you thank you
- thanks for listening to your constituents on Betsy DeVos
.@SenBennetCO thank you for voting #NoOnDeVos! You have my support!
As a Colorado citizen this disappoints me. I think that she is terrific and will help our children’s education system well.
thanks for knowing where to take a stand, wise decision!
Queen of buy down chits. In Colorado, Ad Valor High stipends.
as one of your CO constituents, I thank you for standing up for our best interests.
thank you. Please work with your colleague @SenCoryGardner as I hope he will follow your lead.
