Under Graham-Cassidy, 30 million more people would be uninsured in 2027 than under the ACA  https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/20/439277/coverage-losses-state-graham-cassidy-bill-repeal-aca/ …
Vote Yes on Graham-Cassidy Bill.
What part of this G-C bill looks good that you'd like our reps to vote for it? I must've missed it. Thank you.
My state had excellent care before ACA. No one went without care including vision & dental. We've lost so many programs since ACA.
You believe your state had 100% insured rate in 2010? If love to see that data, cuz I know it doesn't exist...
What our community had was MEDICAL CARE not worthless coverage.
Ok, so you're claiming 100% of people in your "community" had accessible healthcare. Where is that, exactly? You said state the first time
Western Slope is more Red than Eastern Colorado.
When Democrats enacted the ACA how millions of people lost coverage they liked?
Do, but it fed didn't throw 32 mil off healthcare, didn't remove patient protections and give more power to ins. Companies... this one does
ACA threw everyone off their healthcare plan that they had and was lied to. This takes healthcare out of Federal Government hands
Every1? That's not true. ACA isn't perfect, but also not what Obama wanted. GOP added 160 amendments. How much dem input did GOP allow? None
Everyone that had insurance lost their plan because it didn't meet ACA mandates, fact, I m a insurance agent & no Republican voted for ACA
Again, saying everyone lost their plan is a bald faced lie. GOP wouldn't have voted for free speech or free guns if Obama had initiated it.
Obviously you have no idea other than drinking the kool aid, educate yourself before you try to debate someone, best of luck to you
U keep saying EVERYONE lost their plan. That is simply a lie. So stop saying it. Don't tell me what I know, when u continue to lie.
You need to talk to @SenCoryGardner about this. He's not supporting Colorado citizens.
Thank you, Senator Bennett. You’ve been working very hard for our state and all of us who live in Beautiful Colorado!
My increased premiums of over $300 per month on a fixed income to support ACA is the best you can do?  If I could I would fire you damn it.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/910945808727625728 … (Ranked 1st for Sep 21.)
Those are feebies , what about the millions who can't afford it !
I support you, Sir! Still: While we play around with this, what about behind the scenes?  What about the environment?
How come, Senator Bennett, we had better & less expensive health care in Colorado before ACA? My primary has 8 min to spend w each patient.
Thank you!  #GrahamCassidyBill: Not right for Survivors, not right for Colorado
The other CO senator, @SenCoryGardner,  the one infused with #kochbros tea, needs to hear this...
Your ACA #'s didn't add up not believing you now either!
My son is elgible for medicaid buy in because he has a disability,  why not expand that  to any1 who doesnt otherwise qualify for medicaid?
Keep up the good fight,sir!
Mr Bennet, you are a shining light in a sea of darkness. Thank you so much for your tireless work, keep fighting the good fight.
Please keep fighting the bill!
WE know, tell Lindsey Graham that!
Talk, talk, talk sorry but I honestly wish y'all would work and not tweet as much. 
why do you want to enslave the population with this god awful law? Aren't you getting rich enough fast enough?
how much stock do you own in the insurance industry and big pharmaceutical companies?
they can't afford to use the coverage they are forced to purchase so it's kind of a mute point.
It would be helpful if u didn't just rely on LEFT WING WEBSITES for your #.
@SenBennetCO you MUST fight so that all of us have the same healthcare you do!
I wish your counterpart, @CoryGardner , cared about the CO constituents enough to fight alongside you.
Thank you from Estes! Stay strong.
thanks! now how do we use these facts to convince @SenCoryGardner to understand what is best for us coloradans and the rest of the country?
Thanks for this. Cory Gardner will vote the party line and screw 470,000 Coloradans while he 's doing his "bipartisan" stuff on N.K.
What's the rush?  How about putting in the time to get it right!  I can't afford private insurance without the subsidy st 60!
Thank you for fighting it!
Since you're such a genius, what's your solution? You already threw us under the bus with Obama care once
I have been calling @SenCoryGardner every day. Not sure if he's listening...
Vote no !!!!
. @SenCoryGardner won't listen to the people of Colorado; maybe you can get through to him.
.@SenCoryGardner You want that Cory??????
Medicaid was meant to cover blind, elderly, and disabled, not the able bodied!  Expansion hurts the group it was designed for!
@SenBennetCO the Medicaid expansion hurts people who were already on Medicaid, like my severely disabled son. Get rid of expansion now!
Pls share ur story. How did expanding  this vital public ins prog hurt ur son who was already on Medicaid? Many thanks!
Why didn't you fight #Obamacare #disaster
Where did you get the figure 470,000? Is it made up from whole cloth?
Thank you for your leadership, Sir!
Vote yes on Graham-Cassidy Bill get rid of obummercare and no to removal of debt ceiling congress is spending to much with a limit
No you need to repeal obummercare I can't afford ins now repeal and replace it, also no to removal of debt ceiling you spend to much now
If Colorado would oversee medical coverage, wouldn't we be better off than if bureaucrats like IRS & incompetent VA workers DC manage?
Congress will be powerless to find a plan for those 470k in the next 10 year's?! Actually, the 470k be powerless to help themselves??
Liar! Graham/Cassidy bill puts states in charge of the federal allowance. Puts limits on Medicaid spending and stops people from abusing it
In 2027 NO ONE UNDER OBAMACARE will be able to afford it! So all would lose it.
I support your efforts and you have my vote
Thank you Senator!
@SenCoryGardner Look at what happens to coverage in Co., employment in Co., decrease in GSP, increase in costs. VOTE NO!
Thank you for keeping up the good fight!!
Talk to @SenCoryGardner please.
Maybe he'll listen to this one story. Please ??https://www.facebook.com/NancyPelosi/posts/10155998449794384 …
Thank you Senator Bennet!!
What have you said to your colleague @SenCoryGardner about this fact?
Folks you don't know those numbers are based on people having a choice to drop healthcare
What does @SenCoryGardner think of 470k losing coverage in our state? Is he ok with it?
Thank you sir from Fort Collins. PLEASE TALK TO @SenCoryGardner
So full repeal is out of the question then?
Not true.colorado would keep decisions local, catering to needs of its constituents. Fed gov can't do that.
thanks! talk to your GOP counterpart...his line has been busy all day! @SenCoryGardner
More like all summer...I hardly ever get through
Thank you for fighting on our behalf.
That's funny cuz the Center for American Progress puts the number at 270,000 #imjustguessing #inflatednumberslookbetter.
I would lose mine long, long before that. Bill would destroy my quality of life AND bankrupt me. #TrumpsAmerica
When Gardner votes yes, we will elect someone to replace him on yjiscsungke issue
BOTTOM LINE VOTE THEM OUT. REPUBLICANS ASHAMED OF THEIR OWN PARTY. VOTE THEM OUT.
Thank you Sen Bennet. You are helping all Coloradans.  Now fpr our other senator not so much!
Does that number count those the voluntarily choose not to insure?
No - GrahamCassidy would leave it to the states.  Are you saying that CO couldn't afford to subsidize that many? But $20T debt fed should?
Take your Obama care and put it where the sun don't shone.
Thank you senator. At least one of our senators is on the right side of the issue.
Good, fight that Graham / Cassidy and full repeal of ACA, because obamacare was extremely harmful to millions.
Please to talk to Cory.   He doesn't seem to give a damn about Coloradans.
Neither do democrats and Bennett.
Man if only we had single payer here and this wasn't a problem at all for us
Single-payer costs way too much.  The smart move is getting the Federal Government out of everyone's life.
It's literally cheaper than our current system lmfao
Uh, don't think so.  When the private sector is allowed to compete, the consumer always wins.  Canada has S-P and everything is expensive.
You literally couldn't be more wrong.
You are a fool.  All those countries are socialist and their cost of living is much higher.  I travel through CA: ON-B.C. It's expensive.
Yeah but they get a better bang for their buck I'm out here for efficiency my guy
Uh, no.  US gal of gasoline, $2.50.  CA $4.00. Burger and Fries, U.S. $6.25+\-  CA $8.50.  Get the picture?  Everything costs more to cover.
