Thank you for supporting those of us whom marched for equality & against the new tyrant in the WH. My 2 daughters were proud!!
We are here, we'll remain engaged and we'll be holding our elected officials accountable. #grassroots #activism #copolitics
Thank you for your beautiful letter of appreciation for our women's march.  I agree it was a wonderful gathering of community.
THEY Didn't even KNOW Why they were marching!! An AFFRONT to the American Woman!! READ book on GOSNELL! LUNATIC Madonna/A Judd
Hope you will send an equally nice letter to the women shunned by the Womens March that marched today, standing for life.
.@SenBennetCO Senator, can you speculate as to why your Republican counterpart, Sen. Gardner, was silent about the Women's March?
Thank you. Please stand with us and hold Trump accountable for his conflicts of interest.
I can't recall your concern when obama divided our country?  He was the #greatdivider and you sat idly by #firebennet
There is no trust and unity without Ethics.  Enforce our norms.
incorrect.  Every President since Nixon has abided by same ethical standards as their cabinet nominees.
did you march?
This is pure wordsmithing. Today u supported Donald Trump by helping confirm his Nazi nominee. People need 2 know who u r.
I was there and will march again. Thanks for your support. Resist this emotionally unbalanced president.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/823574928767287297 … (Ranked 1st for Jan 23.)
no on Tom Price. We have enough lunatics! https://www.facebook.com/motherjones/posts/10154441523767144 …
vote no on Devos
Appreciate your letter supporting the Women's March and what we stand for.
Now we NEED you to stand up and say NO to #DeVos #trumpcabinet How can we help?
When the bill to over rule the global gag rule comes up, I hope you support it and women's rights!
Many voices spoke out for justice and inequality at the March for Life.  Are you giving equal consideration to our concerns?
YOUR JOB IS TO VOTE NO AND OBSTRUCT EVERYTHING! NO COMPROMISE NO SUPREME COURT WOUT GARLAND!
#RESIST 
#RESISTDAYONE 
#OBSTRUCT
please, please, please vote no on DeVos!
please publish your voting record on unacceptable cabinet nominees
Now, you stand up for us..
The time is now Senator. America needs you. Fight for us and deny this America
Please stand up for the Ppl, protect public education, especially  SpEd Svcs that help students w/Autism, hearing impairment!
Please reject the appointment of B.DeVos. My son has Autism & is hearing impaired. He has benefited tremendously from SpEd Svc
please block Tillerson, DeVos and Tom Price. We are counting on you,sir.
please vote against de Vos. My son's special education depends on it.
thank you for your words. Please keep fighting for all Coloradans. Stay strong, you have all of us behind you.
U R a Trump Dem. u are wrong for CO.
How disappointing that The Big Money Representative who's done nothing for COLORADO NOW IS A FEMINIST!
.@SenBennetCO thank you! Please ensure you hear our voices and fight for us, esp in light of #ACA and #globalgagrule already. We count on U!
Thank you for your support!
were you there?
yeah, that's what I thought
Thank you!
Ugh again!  I can't believe you appended your last "national discourse" tweet mush to this statement with all that's at stake.
anything @realDonaldTrump has said
And @BarackObama 's message wasn't one of hatred and division? We are more divided by race politics of dems and #MSM than
Were you there?  If not you should have been....
My family, like many others marched Saturday. We'd love a copy to frame and hang in our home. How can we get one?
thank you!
thank you senator it was a true honor!
This is what it's all about...CARE!!!
You didn't do anything to protect these people.
thank you senator for understanding that this is more than "hurt feelings!" This is about respect, equality and freedom!
. Thank you!
now we need you to not compromise with goodwill but throw wrenches into the GOP dismantling of our country!
now what can you do about this federal hiring freeze?  Making corporate America great again.
Thank you!!!
thank you for acknowledging the March and recognizing the problem. Nice comments
Hope we can count on YOUR passion and engagement, Senator. Because we'll be voting in 2 years.
and today the attack against women began. Don't vote for Tillerson, DeVoss. Fight for ACA and planned parenthood.
thank you for helping us fight and hearing all of our voices to carry to Washington
Thank you for your support of the March! Please vote against DeVos, Tillerson, Price and Sessions!! #WomensMarch
Talk is meaningless until it's backed by ACTION!
thank you. We're fighting and working, what are you doing? Please tell us what you plan to do. CO is watching. We vote.
Thank you!
thank you! Coloradoans are fighting on a grassroots level. Hoping you will voice our progressive values in DC.
thank you for your letter and presence. The RNC seems to have forgotten they work for all Americans. I appreciate your reminder
make sure you are fighting for ALL our rights AND for our planet. Colorado is watching.
Great words now put them into action starting today! We are watching you! If you do not represent us we will find someone who does!
is supporting us on this.  Its @SenlGardnerCO you need to watch.  He's was the lead in repealing the ACA last week.
I know he's generally on the right side of things, but i want him to know we won't tolerate him "playing nice" with Rs just cuz he's a dem!
Thank you Senator Bennet. It was amazing to be there. Please keep up the fight, stand strong. We support your efforts
the momentum of the government is against "trust and unity" right now. What will you do to correct that course?
thank you sir. Now, can we issue the arrest warrants for Trump?
.  Quit sharing alternative facts @didi_hopes
I was there.  It was AMAZING.  Thank you for all you do, and please power up. WE NEED YOU.
#WeThePeople are pain attention and will be vocal!
Remember two words: 'Emoluments Clause'; and please push for a deep investigation into Russia's interference in the election.
Thank you, Sen Bennet. We will remain engaged &continue the fight &support you in your efforts to uphold our values.
Obama wasted 4 years trying to make nice with the Repubs. I hope you understand that now we need opposition, not collaboration.
Thank you for your support. Please stay supportive of ACA for many of us will be affected if repealed http://facesoftheACA.org 
Thank you, Senator!
