Interesting...guess it was ok to change filibuster rules back in 2013.
And in the midterms, when the Republican lose their majority, they will regret their short term thinking.
I am pretty sure the Democrats are regretting their short term thinking under Harry Reid!!
I'm pretty sure the GOP would have done this without any action from Harry Reid. The GOP cares only about their donors.
Trump consulted RUSSIA about the strike on Syria, not Congress.
Even KUSHNER consulted Russia and hid it.
That doesn't strike you as odd?
Putin controls this White House and the GOP hides the evidence.
Don't expect any honor from them.
The GOP is going to do whatever they want. Dems can't splinter and must keep focus on Russia-gate. It has to be independently investigated!!
You lost my vote next time around.
U should stick with your base that's all u had bye sellout
Let's face the facts.  The Democrats are just as guilty as the Republicans.  It takes two to tango.  History will speak for itself.
playing nice has done nothing for us for years. Time to stop now. Standing up to bullies is only solution.
Good Republican response!!
Very disappointed in your vote.
You work FOR all CO people, not just AGAINST Reps. Chance to lead/be voice of reason but you 'went partisan' Lost this independent. Done.
No @Potus should appoint SCOTUS when under investigation by FBI. WH admn with VP may be negated by Russian election interference.
Stop.. Trump is not under criminal Investigation by the FBI. Clinton was impeached on Perjury and obstruction of justice charges.
You're in a no win situation they either override you this time or next time. I get he's  popular w/ biz in CO. But stick w/ fellow Dems
I agree with you @paws2112. The minority must stick together.
So ... Judge Gorsuch is extreme? Senator Bennet believes that judges sticking to the Constitution is extreme?
You will never reason w/R's win at all costs #GOPAmnesia filibustered 79x, c'mon you know better! We voted NO to GOP everything
Talk is cheap. The lose will cost us for many years.  You let down CO and America.  explain yourself.
He's okay, hopefully not a bible thumper and looks after Americans. Keep religion out of government and he will work out.
there's information about a tape of you and a 12-year old boy supposedly having sex. Can you comment about this before the tape goes public.
#UniteBlue. GOP will regret deeply in 2018 and 2020. Gorsuch was a radical shift to the right to favor dark money and corporations #Impeach
Colorado voted against Trump, we don't support his reactionary nominees either.
Speak for yourself.
Are you saying Gorsuch is an extremist? Wow- labeling people must be the new tactic for trying to create a perception not supported by facts
Interpreting law according to the Constitution is not being extreme. Give me a break
You are betraying the people of Colorado and their values. Gorsuch is one of us.
@SenBennetCO I've got news for you.They will be nominating more extreme judges in the future anyway. Do not try to game the process. Think!
You were a coward. I am so disappointed in you.
You mean that narrow philosophy of upholding the Constitution and not legislating from the bench, that one...
Glad you don't understand simple game theory, Senator. CO will suffer b/c of it. So glad biz got their way again.
If @SenBennetCO was actually good at bipartisanship, this vote never would have been necessary.
They wouldn't even meet with Merick Garland. We are half way down the road with no exit already.
Sry Senator but this line of reasoning doesn't hold H2O.Rs get their way with or w/out filibuster.More radical judges on the way regardless
.@SenBennetCO By not using the filibuster, you have now lost the filibuster. :-(
Thank you for speaking out.
Do U mean like Ginsberg and Kagan. We've already ready got them. Grow a backbone and do some work for Colo.We got rid of Mark Udall, UR next
Stand w your constituents and #VoteNoGorsuch! He doesn't stand up for American workers or for their children! #VOTENO
You are a coward. I have my wallet ready for your primary challenger. Shameful.
Tired of government gridlock and posturing.  Nothing will ever get done if everything is always 100% party line.
Thought you were finally going to do the right thing, guess I was wrong.
Completely agree with you @SenBennetCO. Thank you for taking the hard way with your vote to try and prevent the #NuclearOption.
#HeyMike
When are you going to #Payback the #BribeMoney you took from #HealthCare? Surely you want #CleanHands?
#Hypocrisy
#CorruptCongress
Well, we just lost everything. What is the point of the Senate anymore? #Termlimits for all of you.
The nuclear option was triggered anyway and you were counted with republicans, you have lost my vote Senator.
Way to stand on your beliefs & "officially" lose both times! J/K, you stood for your business interests! And won!  #2022
Apparently, the phone doesn't make a wolf emoji. But the sheep works just fine, too.
CO did not vote for Trump agenda - you work for CO not the GOP, not Trump.
for women & girls this not about politics it's all about men legislation of OUR BODIES who will Never have to carry a child of violent rape
#StopGorsuch
We shouldn't "settle" for a lifetime appointee to the Supreme Court!  Bc Gorsuch may not be as bad as the next nominee is no reason to elect
The Democrats need to act on the current threat, NOT anticipated future threats.
You guys unanimously liked him until Trump nominated him. Y'all will tear the U.S. apart being sore LOSERS. Too much politics in politics.
Why did you just vote to end the debate then ?
Filibuster on SCOTUS noms will eventually be broken, this appt or the next. Better to break now and send message that GOP stole the nom
Of course.  The Constitution stands in the way of your agenda
If u were so worried about this, why did u not push harder, speak out more aggressively to have R's give Garland a hearing
@SenBennetCO you MUST ABSOLUTELY work as hard as possible to #StopGorsuch. He was nominated by a man who is under FBI investigation! #resist
At least be honest about your motives. Today, you failed to represent your constituents - something that likely won't be forgotten
Vote no on Gorsuch
I think you can count on that happening regardless.
The Democratic Party is an organization of liars, traitors, and terrorists. The American people should treat them as such.
1. The seat in question is a #stolenseat 2.Trump's legitimacy is in ?. 3. It would be hard to get more extreme than Gorsuch. #NoOnGorsuch
Doesn't make sense.Why would filibuster result in more extreme judges?They will do what they will do anyway.Oppose Gorsuch&support women.
I do not understand your logic. You think the Rethugs won't just go nuclear next time? You are sadly mistaken. @indivisiblefrr
Republicans have not been playing fair for seven years. When will you learn you have to fight fire with fire
You're about to nominate a nominee who is illegitimate. The real Donald Trump has three ongoing investigations, With investigators recusing.
It's not a narrow philosophy - it's a mean spirited, bought and paid for attack on individuals and progress. Don't play their what if game!
We'll get them anyway- as the "nuclear option" will still be there
Gorsuch is a textualist.  We don't need activist judges, regardless of the political persuasion.  Do the right thing.
Stand against Gorsuch!
Any #SCJustice who is confirmed without at least 60 votes in the Senate should be assassinated immediately.

#GorsuchNomination #GorsuchVote
Do better, @SenBennetCO. This angry constituent says filibuster the #GorsuchNomination
If you're afraid to filibuster then you might as well not have it. You've already lost.
Then don't lose the filibuster. They don't get much more extreme than Smooth Gorsuch. Stand with your constituents, Senator. #NoGorsuch
If Repubs want to confirm a more extreme candidate later, what stops them from changing the rules then? They've shown they're willing to.
So basically you've decided to stand with the Republicans over a threat that will be carried out whether you stand with them or not? C'mon.
Pause Gorsuch on the grounds of #TrumpRussia to prevent Gorsuch from becoming the #RussianJustice (fair or not).
You are 100% right. These are scary times...i cant believe nuclear option is going to be invoked on a lifetime appointment.
Your constituents have told you what we want. Now the question is, are you brave enough to do it? We are 
Sounds like you are being bullied into a yes vote. Once again, McConnell rules the sandbox.
take a stand Mike! This lack of integrity will not get you re elected
Colorado Springs says, "Confirm Gorsuch!"
But of course Colorado voted with Bernie Sanders in a landslide and you did not vote with the will of the people then either. So what's new
Excuses. You are our public servant Vote with the will of the people who elected you.
7. vulnerable and unstable right now. Please prioritize the gravity of this issue over party politics. This is where we see who you are.
Garland sat 239 days without a vote having been nominated by a POTUS not under investigation for treason
6. THING and please listen to our voices. This action can undo the goodwill you have earned. SCOTUS is too important, and our gov't is too
5. the right pick, but NOT UNDER THESE CIRCUMSTANCES. This is big picture, bigger than your own career, history making stuff. DO THE RIGHT
He wants the Constitution to strongly guide decisions which is the point of a SCOTUS role.
4. lasting. Please set aside "local boy" politics and DO THE RIGHT THING. We are counting on YOU, Sen. This can and should wait. Maybe he's
3. until we have answers on the Trump/Russia connection. There is NO reason to rush this through, and consequences are far reaching and long
2. plagues every other aspect of the gov't. This is ESSENTIAL. Lifelong confirmations to the highest court of the land ABSOLUTELY MUST WAIT
I think you're missing the point, senator. Mitch McConnell is evil and petty enough that he will do anything to win. Fight now.
Actually, in your own words you think he's great. Be a leader, not a partisan!
1. You are normalizing this ridiculous administration. DON'T. We need SCOTUS to remain free from the shadow of illegitimacy that currently
You must resist them at every turn.  Stolen scotus seat must not be stolen. Impeach trump and the scotus seat is easier to deal with
Gorsuch is "highly qualified", votes with the majority and has almost never been reversed on appeal.  Opposing him is strictly political
Thanks for being a grown up.
Thanks for looking at the long game.  Sometimes you have to go with what is effective rather than right. There are many versions of right.
Either way we're going to get more extreme judges as long as Rs are in control.
It sounds like you are complicit to the whims of the partisan divide the republicans are creating. What do your constituents want?
Shame on you, just pretend for a moment that you care about your constituents and vote with the Democrats instead of the Republicans.
For crying out loud. The Fillbuster was nuked when Garland was refused a hearing. Can you Dems just stick together for once? Plagiarism?
So don't lose it.
This is stupid and if you really think it you are not qualified to govern. Apply literally the first week of freshman Economics to it.
There are good reasons for red/purp state Dems to vote for cloture, as long as it's not > 7. But none include saving filibuster. It's dead.
if you don't use the filibuster bc you're afraid to use it, you never had it in the first place. #resist
We should take a chance.  Vote no
I'm not convinced of your logic. Gorsuch gets in either way. CO wants you to stand for us in principle. Vote NO!
disagree sir! They will just invoke it next time. A protest vote for M. GARLAND and against Gor preference 4 business>people
Lose, Must Leave Your Vernacular...Now!!!
Stand strong, Senator. McConnell will continue to be unethical, but we must not surrender to a bully. If we go down, let's go down swinging.
u get our support when u stand firm on principles. He's a poor nom, CU should fire per policy. We got your 6 if you got ours.
I see your point. However, I think being nice isn't going to gain us a thing. We're unfortunately way beyond that point. Plus #noprobenorobe
GORSUCH SHOULD *NOT* BE CONFIRMED. HE FAVORS CORPORATIONS OVER PEOPLE AND TAKING AWAY WOMENS RIGHTS.
If you can't use it without losing it you've already lost it. It can be restored if they kill it. Commit to restore it and do your job.
If you do not support your constituents you will loose your job #indivisible don't let @GOP intimidate you
You are wrong in this action. Giving Gorsuch a free ride is going against what is right for Colorado and America. You will pay.
As a constituent I disagree. We cannot afford to confirm while this administration is under its current investigation
To many "IF's" in ur speech. what we know NOW: 1: @POTUS is under fed investigation2:Lifetime position3: @potus lies VOTE NO for CO! 80537
Do you honestly think you’ll be allowed by McConnell to filibuster judicial nominees in the future? Either way it’s gone.
Not good enough
Losing the filibuster is not on the Dems if McConnell goes nuclear. The President's Admin is under FBI investigation, maybe Trump himself /1
A lifetime appointment by someone who is potentially a traitor to the country is a serious threat to our Democracy. Plus, Merrick Garland?
You need to get behind this filibuster, stand strong now. We need you to stand with us and for us. You hear us. Do your job please.
RUSSIA! Real Story Is  #TrumpRussia
Dems: INSIST NOTHING moves forward until Independent Investigation: no lifetime appts by illegit WH!!!
Your duty is to ppl U represent NOT TO A POLITICAL PARTY! Your stance on Neil Gorsuch shows U do not support CO ppl! WAKE UP!
@EconCharlie what evidence do you have that this choice was at all moderated by the threat of a filibuster!?!?
whose more extreme!?!?
just say no. #bendingisbreaking
Is "Bennet" a French name?
I agree Senator and urge your vote be cast to confirm. While he is very conservative I believe he would be a principled Justice.
We need you to stand with dems and fight for us! Vote NO on Gorsuch YES to filibuster.
: epic fail on your part not to support a respected Colorado resident over the petty political obstructionism of your party!
Excuses excuses. CYA, Senator?
Lose it now or later. Resist now!
Apparently you were just fine with this process when Schumer&Reid used this for the Democrats and against the Republicans...Correct?
I understand your gentleness, but this is no time to be afraid. We fight EVERYTHING! Because it is necessary. No other reason.
What do you mean by narrow? Are words too limiting for you? Judges shouldn't legislate. #confirmgorsuch
your such a sellout
You need to show loyalty to your party and constituents. Period.
He's not worth falling on the sword for
No on Gorsuch! #plagiarism
You represent Colorado not @NancyPelosi  and @SenSchumer Gorsuch is a brilliant Judge from Colorado endorse now.
You've allowed yourself to be bullied, you must fight for your constituents.
we don't know when the next opening will come on Supreme Court - better to address current known threat by Gorsuch
A radicalized activist judge will throw -off SCOTUS balace for 40yrs! Don't backstab the people or JUSTICE. Vote NO on Gorsuch!
It's principle. Stand firm.
It is time to check them now. You will own the Senate soon enough.
I'm sure they swear on a Bible they won't nuke it next time if you play nice this time... they're so honest and trustworthy!
Lose the battle.  Win the war. The GOP will adopt their nuclear option and that consequence is not worth it.
I want any Democrat I vote for to finally do as the GOP. Fight, be strong, never give up, never back down! Use any and all tactics. Be bold!
If Merrick Garland being refused a vote, and then having Gorsuch shoved down our throats isn't worth a filibuster, you're not worth my vote.
A lesser of 2 evils is an evil none the less.  Take the high road and get the right justice that will serve all of us.
We risk that anyway? Respectfully, if nothing about the future is guaranteed & you knew nothing more than his record, what would you do...
That is supremely naive. They will go nuclear when Dems try to filibuster the "extreme judges in the future." The filibuster is dead.
They will just take it away next time.
Blah, blah, blah? Where do you stand on supporting an overqualified judge & fellow Coloradan Gorsuch? #lunaticleft
Yeah but the rules have already been broken.
If not now, it will happen later. GOP has already broken the system.
You need to get behind the filibuster.
I agree with you, but he has ruled more for business than individuals. And the whole maternity leave commentIs there no one better?
Who is to say Republicans won't use the nuclear option later if you give in this time? Giving in ensures nothing.
If you don't lose it now, you'll lose it next time. All we want is for you to fight.
pandering weak person. Very disappointing.
Surely you know that you will see more extreme nominees in the future but you are supporting an extremely conservative nominee in Gorsuch
A supreme court justice should have the narrowist of philosphies. "What does the constitution say?" THAT'S IT!!
You enjoyed the "nuclear option" when it worked in your favor, but now you fear it when it works against you? Your party set the precedent
I look forward to working for your primary challenger in 2022.
So Mike-Uthink adherence 2 the Constitution and laws as they are written is narrow? I think it is consistent w what our Founders envisioned
if they intended a static doc, it wouldn't have a means to amend. They weren't omniscient, expected change & interpret
Please stand with the Dems.  GOP will ALWAYS threatened with the Nuclear Option.
Personally I believe he is an excellent choice. I would rather see him confirmed instead of nuclear option.
TRump is being investigated by the FBI he should not even have a nomination being considered! & the repugs will never do anything upstanding
So, no filibuster = the ability to check the Admin now and in the future?
Sure.
Share concern; hope Senate can move away from the dysfunctional body of today toward a governing body for those most vulnerable. #gohigh
Can't happen until Mcconnell is gone.
You represent Colorado, don't forget it.  He's a Colorado boy and CU Buff.  You need to something to support the state that has elected u
You need to be concerned about his plagiarism. A law breaker has no place on the Court!
Some of us prefer a judge that decides as the law is written not as the current whims would dictate.
He is great selection for judge 
Keep playing your political games!
Try doing your job!
Merrick Garland
Really? One has nothing to do w/ the other. GOP will Always go as extreme as it can. If u dont say NO now, give it up forever!
And then of course there's the whole "Anschutz connection".
When will you and the other Democrats ever learn.  You are taking a knife to a gunfight.  How's that working so far?
