No, you must fight for Americans and protect us from Trump & his Cabinet of Deplorables! #SaveACA #HandsOffMedicare
so what happened to this resolve ?
I'm an optimist but too cynical for that one. I'm sorry for all of us it went belly up faster than we expected.
Would you be willing to sign on to the @justicedems platform and not take any money from corporations?
Are you nuts? Bennet (my local rep) voted NO on Canadian drug imports. HELL NO! He needs to go!
He is my rep too and for sure he is going down.
A week in, the honeymoon has ended and facing irreconcilable differences? #MuslimBan #defendtheconstitution
Still feel this way?  Or is it time to stop playing patty-cake and resist maybe?
fight for us.
Your task is not to repair politics. Your task is to protect Coloradans by standing up to Trump and his enablers in Congress.
is going to continue his slimy self enriching ways are you not? @DNC and this is why #democrats are losing
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! Last 8 years of thumb on necks of all American-EXCEPT the ELITE celebs/Obama Cronies!
Unfortunately @SenBennetCO we are quickly heading to a dictatorship and our elected reps (you) don't seem concerned. Fight for us!
Whacked things taking place R make it extremely difficult 2 unify w POTUS Twumpy. No wonder he loves Putin, acts just like him.
what?
I'd feel more "healed" if first words out of nation's press secretary weren't egregious lies. Perhaps you could help with that?
I am a lifelong democrat and I am embarrassed by this tweet.
he voted with republicans by order of his masters the #pharmalobby to stop access to cheaper #prescriptiondrugs
Do not give an inch Senator. It is an abomination that Merrick Garland was not seated as a SCOTUS Justice,. NO APPEASEMENT!
@ja_maloneco @SenBennetCO @coloradodems #toolate his #trampstamp says #propertyofbigpharma #pharmawhore  #dunningkrugereffect
I expect democrats as a whole to give it back to Trump like the republicans did to Mr. Obama.
First step is to stop incompetent, corrupt DeVos. For once, stand up for public education, not privatization.
as long as we don't forget that our country is diverse,we need you to speak up for the disenfranchised. Don't normalize.
You're my Senator but please. Trump is a con man who is about to fleece America for his own gain.
#notmysenator #haveyounodecencysir puppet of #pharmalobby #greedyfreak #pharmawhore
Not interested in unifying with #Kremlin installed @POTUS #NotInThisLifetime #NyetTrump
unifying like the Repubs did for the past 8 years? I think not.
I am counting on you to be disrespectful of this administration! Grow a backbone and Fight!
Please do something to stop @potus from issuing any more gag orders.  This is America, not Russia!
No, sir, we must start the process of peacefully and lawfully resisting Trump's hateful, authoritarian policies!
we can unify by standing together to protesting trump. Just as they did on Saturday.
please vote NO ON CABINET APPROVALS FOR Betsy DeVos, Ben Carson, Rick Perry, and Jeff  Sessions, Tom Price.  Thank you.
like you did by voting with the republicans to prevent cheaper prescription drugs?
200,000+ folks showed up in Denver and over three million world wide, the national discourse is likely to become very intense.
What are you doing to combat the lies aka alternative facts coming from the White House?
UR childish behavior at hearings shows UR all talk & not serious. #Trump deserves to have his cabinet confirmed. STOP THE GAMES
No, we need to start getting a spine or we're all done.
Here is what's at stake.
If setting aside our differences means giving in and giving up, you don't know your constituents.
#ResistTrump Resist the Trump Administration
There is always a choice. https://theintercept.com/leak/ 
I'm expecting you to get to work and fight this lunatic!
save Obamacare, we need it.
This disappoints me terribly. I not only voted for you the past 2 campaigns but I went door to door getting votes for you here in Parker. /1
As your constituent and someone who worked to put you in office, I demand you stand up for us against Trump. /2
If you do not do your job and represent Colorado we will replace you with someone who will. Our voices will be heard and represented. 3/3
It can’t be done with a lunatic in charge.
thank you, you have our bipartisan support
there can be no repairing and unifying when racism and misogyny are involved (oh, and climate change denial) #resist
I'm sorry senator, I respectfully disagree. If you want to hold on to your seat you'll stand against this.
You are not doing a good job senator. I hope you pay attention to what people say to you. You know whats right now do it!
screw you as you are not for us
After that speech how can you say that
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/822604567997255683 … (Ranked 6th for Jan 20.)
This is your constituency today. Where are you?
With all due respect. Fuck no
where is your leadership, your voice?
Now is the time to bring us together. Congress must return to negotiating. Trump loves deals; Use that to our advantage!!
Speak for yourself.  Many of us do not have the privilege to unify. Our lives are on the line and we expect you to fight for us
Ugh. How about showing some courage against the pending destruction of our republic instead of worrying about polite discourse?
please filibuster DeVos. You of all senators should know she is not fit for office.
Thank you for the right message!
Thank God for leaders like you. We need a voice of reason.
This is why some CO repubs vote for you!
yes,  but appeasement doesn't work
there can be no cooperating with them in anyway if they attempt in any way to destroy our democratic values
I respectfully disagree. You're job is to stand up to this destructive administration and fight for justice and sane policies.
you were re-elected based on the principles of the voters not the principals of Trump. Don't fail to represent the voters!
NO! No compromise with #Totalitarianism. #ImpeachTrumpNow #TheResistance
NO SURRENDER....RESIST!
please don't make me take away my support from you. "Unifying and healing" never wins anything. All eyes need to be on 2018.
When the new White House staff deleted references to racial equality, LGBT rights, and climate change from the website?
you've lost me. You are supposed to be protecting us. You aren't going to stand up for us, I'll vote for someone who will
NO @realDonaldTrump needs to start the process of healing!  He's the one that said our community is like Beirut!
not interested in setting aside all that we've worked for. Interested in you representing us who voted 4 u.
DO NOT NORMALIZE TRUMP. THIS IS NORMALIZING HIM. STOP SENATOR BENNET!
New POTUS actions do not = unity! Will you stand up for us? #ACA  #womensrights #humanrights
with all due respect, Sen Bennet, the country cannot move forward with the specter of Trump's collusion w/Putin uninvestigated.
Please don't compromise. You job is to advocate for us. To protect us. Please resent our freedoms, our liberties. Please.
Appreciate the sentiment. Happy to unify w Dems & Reps alike to remove the treasonous dictator from power #russianinfluence
with all due respect, moving forward requires forward thinking, not #Unqualified privatizers #StopDeVos
dont know if i can support you anymore after this tweet. #thinkbeforeyoutweet
I'm embarrassed for you! It's your job to strongly defend Colo from destructive policies. They are morally bankrupt.
bullshit, grow a set and stand up for the people who put you in office.
or we will show up at you door in support or opposition. Democracy is collaborative.
I want you to stand strong. Be the progressive dem. We voted for. You need our help. Ask.
I don't think healing is in their agenda. gutting more like. repubs are wetting themselves they are so excited at their control
no one should ever be made to feel unpatriotic for fighting for what they believe is right.
we heal our health, environment, economy, humanity and future capacity to live peacefully. Anything else is pretty much BS.
it's ok to b nice but I won't b if he destroys our environment and "entitlements"
we've got your back
as long as Trump Does not cut ACA, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. Protects environment
Hold their feet to the fire.
Counting on you to protect our environment, public lands, women's rights and healthcare.
what did President Trump do to promote unification?
As long as you still have your constituents in mind.  This president is not business as usual.  Please look out for us.
Appreciate the high road, but his address only furthered divides. He won't change. Please fight like hell for us. We need you!!
Nope. Starting right now your task is to fight, fight, FIGHT for the lives, liberties and happiness of your constituents.
Just re-read this and I'm even more disappointed in you this time.
You voted for a cabinet member who openly supports deporting children, it's hard to put that disagreement aside. There are lives at stake.
sitting in bar in LoDo, having a marg,  looking forward to @MarchonColorado. Not ready to accept @realDonaldTrump as my pres.
Dont join the farce. Fight for your voters. Fight for policies that help the average Coloradan. Fight against greed.
I respectfully disagree. I hope that you & rest of senate will fight to protect Constitution & for safety of your constituents
Please let us know how this can happen in Colorado. Your Website does not have much info.

Havethe last eight years taught you nothing? GOP cares less about u and Citizens. U must fight not capitulate.
Healing can only come from debating the horrible cabinet and the issues at every turn. This includes bigPharma. @SenBennetCO are you ready?
Neither side is doing a good job of making this easy but I share your feelings.
You just retweet Cory Gardner tweets.
8 years of disservice and divisiveness won't sweep under the rug overnight.I look forward to voting against Mr Bennett soon!
At only 32% approval 68% are unified! Against @realDonaldTrump
