Cost taxpayers millions securing Trump Tower and Mar-a-Lago. Camp David not good enough?
Malania roots would feel at home at camp David. I don't blame her living 3 states away of Trump Troll let him pay
just please make sure #Trumpcare doesn't go through. My family has a child with special needs. We need the coverage we have now
@DocHoliday7203 denied access to legit news agencies,abysmal nominees,Russia,lies,lies,lies,roll back environmental regs
Oh, and supports the self-off of those pesky public lands the tree huggers keep whining about.
@Balling1Merrill And the beat goes on...
Again, I'm proud to call you my senator!  #ThankYou!!!
I remember your outrage at obama golf game ......right? Sorry....you were quiet as a mouse. Stop bitching Start working!
I get that we're playing defense & it's important to track these things (some of which may be valuable in court) but
What we can all do to push that forward for 2018 elections and beyond. Most of Dem 2016 fundraising messages were focused on Republicans.
We have to lead first w positive vision for the country. There's an overload of things to be angry abt but that's only inspiring to a point
well said. @SenBennetCO what are your thoughts?
Please stand up to this guy!!!  Glad to see you Saturday at the State Dem re-org.
VP said Flynn lied to him but Pence is a liar like all of Trump's cronies!
remember when he said he had a plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days?
drumpf is a liar and is set to destroy our country. Do not support anything this groups trying to do.
.@SenBennetCO Pls don't miss the importance of SCOTUS. Block until Russiagate independently investigated. CO Dems are counting on you.
Has not removed himself from businesses (including international) Hosting foreign dignitaries @ your resort/hotel on taxpayers$
agreed!  Thank you for representing us, Senator.
it's been riveting. If you count terror as riveting... Keep up the fight!
What will be done about it?
Please keep up the heat!!!!!
Also censored the @ClimateNPS and @BadlandsNPS for relaying #climatechange information to the people
nice start, but please don't forget to investigate #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia #Russia
Media is getting too sidetracked by the curveballs Trump is throwing them. Remain focused on #russiagate
Yes exactly. Everything else is intended to distract us. #Russiagate
Good one!
Scared & Jealous? All the polls say the American people think he's crushing it.
Can you please start holding Town Hall meetings of some form?
do not vote to confirm Gorduch
@upstateresist The demented piper making the nation dance to his tune.
@DocHoliday7203 silenced gov't agencies.Suggested martial law in a USA city,claimed economy a mess after 77mo job gains
#resist
Please, Senator Bennet, may we add, continues to hide his tax returns?
Good job, Sen Bennet. Still unproven but suspected close ties with Russia that jeopardizes our democracy
this is a fraudulent summary for sure. How wrong can you be?
That's plenty! Thanks for staying on top of things Senator Bennet.
registered Chinese trademark for an escort service
Please run for President of the United States in 2020!! Please!!
You apparently missed all the good and positive things
You sir are traitor to the country and an embarrassment to the state.  You protect criminal illegal immigrants.
You forgot how much @realDonaldTrump is costing American taxpayers since @FLOTUS continues to stay at Trump Tower
please post what you have accomplished in the last 50 days.
#RussiaRussiaRussia and when can we impeach
forgot hiring wall st crook treasury sec, brain surgeon hud sec, anti-public school ed sec, real estate mogul omb,
Keep up the good work! Pls remind your fellow Senator @SenCoryGardner to quit avoiding town halls
Turning back EPA water and air protections. Restarted pipeline and lied about it. Threatened to destroy a man's career
Impeachment NOW!
Greenlighted DAPL & Keystone pipelines... rolled back Clean Water/Climate regs
@nayasala
Great hearing you speak today, Senator - feels like you're finding your voice in fighting this administration!
please please keep fighting for us. #FIRE_THE_FOOL
if you can't support our President Trump then it's time to go!  Your time is up anyway. You haven't done anything for us.
any comments, @SenCoryGardner?
we still need to get to bottom of the size of his inauguration crowd. (Can we spring the clocks forward 26,537 hours tonight?)
mortgage increases, dumping in waterways..
Great, now what are you waiting for? Stop them before people start dying!
Thank you for your posts.  I appreciate that you are standing up for all of us resisting.
OUR? You helped write this? But re-election campaign was about how often you agreed w/ @SenCoryGardner Does he agree with list?
let's not forget Government brought this party, fix it, or you can stay home too!
Dishonored American Indian treaties.  #NoDAPL
Neil Gorsuch Supreme Court nomination = hostile record on discrimination, the environment and women's reproductive rights
Marines in porno scandal. Commander in Chief says "treat em like shit" and "grab em by the pussy." Evangelicals rejoice
allowing mentally disabled to buy guns, let coal companies pollute our streams are just a couple more
we need to keep a running total of all his trips to FL and the cost. And the cost of his sons secret service as they make money
