GREAT FAMILY HISTORY!!  Hope it INSPIRES you to FIGHT LIKE A REPUBLICAN!  RULE BREAKING by the Sen. Committee is a good start!!
Thx for standing up for American values!
Please oppose Scott Pruitt.
please help to fight these impulsive Trump.
@POTUS not against immigration. Against allowing in one who wants to chop off my head and rape my daughter.
I am a first gen American. Immigrants make our country great. Keep up the good work! #WeGotThis #coloRADo #NoWall #nomuslimban
it is appalling what Trump is doing to United States. Why are Democrats voting for Trump nominees?
. Speak out. Get in the face of GOP @cnnbrk @maddow
hope you will be actively opposing this current action on immigration....
I ask that you and your colleagues protect us with your actions and do not abandon the good aspects of the Affordable Care Act.
please vote  NO for sessions and pruitt also!!
My grandfather immigrated to this country in 1911 from the Slovak region of Eastern Europe. We are a country of immigrants
Big diff between legal immigration and uncontrolled borders. 1st obligation of Federal Government is to protect US citizens.
I bet they weren't coming from countries that support terrorism & want to destroy us. AMERICA FIRST, SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT
Why are you not speaking out strongly against this.  You cannot be moderate on this issue.  Lead speak out.
Thank you, Senator Bennet
R U thinking about the unlimited power the President has? Then start a repeal of the Patriot Act
Impeach the dictator acting as all 3 branches as gov. Trying to turn Muslims on us.His  illegal order defies law, legislature.
please let all house congress members stay in http://D.C.is  up to voters who are protesting
We need ACTION, not inspirational words.  You can do something.  Please stand up.
Pease boycott all trumps appointments. Sessions and SCOTUS will hurt this country.
so proud of you saw you on @cspan colorado is proud you thank you for speaking out for us we are behind
Lots of excellence.
civil war was awful  shattered many lives
my parents were born in Wyoming & Colorado
their parents immigrated from Minnesota, their parents immigrated rom Virginia
they had to be approved and register on their way in!!!  so did mine!!!SO HAVE ALL IMMIGRANTS IN HISTORY!!!!!!!!
@Sen bennet thank you Sen Bennet. Keep at it. We need you. Ann Brookens is CO.
thank you for fighting. Hoping others will join you in Congress. This is becoming a nightmare.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/825448479866617856 … (Ranked 2nd for Jan 28.)
We voted for you. History has placed you in power at this pivotal time. You must stand up & represent the people. #NoBanNoWall
Thanks 4 saying this. Go to DIA & make a stand. Sincerely, a voter from Highlands Ranch #NoBanNoWall #RefugeesWelcome
that's a nice sentiment, but a weak response to a bigoted, authoritarian & "unAmerican" action by our federal administration.
Thank you @SenBennetCO!
Post-WW2, mother/grandparents came to US, the 1 country they thought could rebuild their shattered lives. And they did. #immigrantexcellence
Please get out and FIGHT for the Constitution.  The people of Colorado are counting on you! #MuslimBan
thank you for being compassionate at a time when it's becessary
stop the racist immigrant ban
you are on the right side, but am feeling increasing despair that our non-POTUS elected officials are sitting on their hands.
THANK YOU
Please follow with immediate legislation on Monday to block this absurd executive order. #standwithrefugees
Prove these words by introducing legislation that will block the Executive Order banning Muslim refugees.
It is time for you to speak out loudly. We are doing our part You need to start doing yours. You have to get engaged in this.
Please take action. Trump is out of control. This is not my America. Stop Trump. Please start Congressional Action.
Please do something to stop this insanity! Stand up to the injustices perpetrated by this administration!!!
#immigrantexcellence please help us all. GOP only wants their agenda. Liberty is for ALL
this ban does nothing to keep Americans safe! It does everything to stoke antiAmerican sentiment world wide. STOP THIS
My grandparents were immigrants BUT they came LEGALLY!!  Can you understand the difference???
I hope this means you will fight the refugee ban - particularly as to Syrians.
Please reject consent for all Senate business going forward.
Please call out @SenCoryGardner. Republicans must speak up now! @SenateGOP
so what are you doing to fight these dangerous EOs?!?!
Get on it Senator. The people of Colorado need you! Now!
"give us us your tired, pour... yearning to break free, except for those our racist President doesn't like?"  This is wrong!
LET THEM IN! #ImmigrantsWelcome
You have to fight this and really fight. It's terrible and dangerous
But yet u voted for Kelly for Secretary of Homeland Security You betrayed america u betrayed country Millions terrified #shame
you guys better fix this! I'm seriously getting on the #throwthebumsout bandwagon!!! #impeachNOW
#RESIST or be #REPLACED
thank you for your support regarding the travesty that is happening right now. #standforthem
so I'm assuming you're busy figuring out how to fix this?
your words are appreciated but what are you going to do about this unconstitutional EO?
help stop this craziness!
We need to see legislation to overturn the EO.
Not much this Congress can do. Set your sights on 2018 and ORGANIZE!
please do something, a monster has taken over and you have to stop this! These are the tough times we hired you for.
clearly the only mandate is to obstruct completely.
please help the refugees. Please stand up to his Muslim ban. We must stand up for American values. We MUST.
We are a nation of immigrants-my family &I immigrated from war torn Germany/was 9 yrs old.We need to help these desparate not bar entry
obama banned Iraqis in 2011 for 6 months. No one blew up then.
so where is your legislative proposal to reverse this EO...?  do something... do your job...
thank you for speaking out, Senator!
But no Russian ban ? 

Rosneft oil is welcomed ?

It will not help ... *(we the people) 

Turmoil is in the term OIL
Civil liberties ?

Constitution ?

Morality ?

Disgusting state of America ...

I'm so ashamed to be American ...

Truly ...
we know this already. We are all immigrants. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!! Begging you.
Thank you Senator Bennet for being a light in these dark times.
What will Congress do to override this order? None banned from countries where Trump has significant $ interests.
#Resist
then do something!! repeal his executive order, get together with others and get rid of this lunatic.  you have the power, we do not
