- or resign!!!
Now that Flynn resigned, confirmations should halt until emoluments/blind trusts/income tax is settled for national security
Thank you Senator. Keep investigating and standing strong.
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/831279709161979904 … (Ranked 2nd for Feb 13.)
Curious if NSA had necessary warrant to eavesdrop on a then private citizen ~
Very brave after the fact bonehead! @CraigSilverman
Flynn is THIRD Trump advisor to resign because of ties with Russia. Manafort and Page before him. Who's next? hint: @POTUS
POTUS can't be responsible for this.  He is incapable of telling the truth.  Pls make sure all parties are investigated.
done! 
then congress and senate need to speak up. Why isn't anybody in Washington doing anything? He's going to get us killed
Flynn is gone. I want to know what drumpf is promising Putin. What r his ties to him? We've got a lot of ppl 2 go after
there needs 2 be further investigations on #Flynn matter. We should be hearing uproar from ALL of congress on this.
He won't answer and will be replaced tomorrow witb another white, pro Russia guy.
Thank you @SenBennetCO for pushing this! @realDonaldTrump must hold his people accountable for security breaches and issues #StandUpToTrump
@KSinkovitz @POTUS Flynn scandal is only 1 of many trump will have B4 GOP will give him up. When their supporters start waking
@joshtpm @POTUS   

Thank you for your leadership, Senator
here here!
looks like he resigned.   Wow you told them Bennet.
And investigated.
what say you @SenCoryGardner ???
I think it's clear that he did. The bigger question is who told him to do that? Pense, Trump?
He already did and Flynn did do it do your homework.
thank you for having the courage and candor we need so desperately right now!
-(3/4) u do nothing politicians.The dictators of negativity.Wake up, we have a new president, support one of his stated
-(2/3)in foreign affairs. And ur pompous mouth didn't say a word. Didn't u get the memo, the American people are sick of
-(1/2)Get off ur high horse.Who made u the judge and jury over other people. Carter and Clinton meddled more than anyone
Thank you for voicing what we're thinking. Certainly seems clear that the discussions took place.
there is more to this than just Flynn. He was either directed 2 have these discussions or he advised POTUS after they happened
just wondering. What would be the appropriate next step if @POTUS knew the true nature of Flynn's Russia call?
now it's time to call for an investigation and find out who knew what when!
when can we begin impeachment?  Enough is enough!
Thank you for speaking out.  Please continue to demand a thorough inquiry.
Sen Bennet, is he listening to any of you? He seems to be just walking away from everything. Frightening. #natSecurity
absolutely!
- You as a negative, do nothing politics above all else, politician should step down. U have done little but undermine. Useless
#Flynn should resign? Why? If he did discuss sanctions-didn't break law.
At this point, what difference does it make?
He did break the law- Logan Act.  Then lied to the VP.  All of it signals secret collusion with Russia.  Big big deal.
Thank you Senator
Senator, What If The President Knew? @POTUS
the current oppressive regime can't clarify anything, he is busy on #twitter #Resist
yes the president has a lot to answer for. This isn't fake news.
And President Obama should have explained what he meant when he told Putin things be ok after his reelection. Hypocrite
and take Trump with him! #treason
We are stunned and furious. Flynn should be charged with crimes against the state.
The President and Vice President knew as well.
And Congress should clarify whether @POTUS ordered the call.
and what if POTUS knew - need to look more deeply into this
we need an investigation into this & Russian hacking.
Keep pushing for the truth. The rats will scurry and try to hide from the light of reality. Keep going!
Flynn was fired for lack of leadership. Should add lack of integrity. #flynntoady
yeah great, did @POTUS -elect know?
, thanks for taking a stand. Just curious: what is the appropriate action if @POTUS knew?
.@POTUS should clarify whether General Michael Flynn discussed US sanctions with Russian officials. If so, Flynn should resign. 
@geen_geluk @POTUS You get that Trump doesn't like having an outsider offer advice. Flynn has already admitted, he should go
Thank you, sir. I can't believe that we have to demand the president do this.  He should do it on his own! But, he won't, so TY
YOU people should be forcing the issue. What do we send you to Washington for? GET RID OF THIS MESS! Starting with WH.
Thank God for you @SenBennetCO. You are a man with a moral compass, not giving in to greed. Doing your JOB. @SenCoryGardner Right?
will @SenCoryGardner be joining you in this demand? #unitedcolorado
do not trust POTUS
Full Independent Investigation re: this, Russia/election, other ties w/Russia
what did @potus know and when did he know it ? Flynn is just a pastie, a fall guy for Trump illegal dealings with Putin
Thank you so much for being a senator Colorado can be proud of!
Thank you for your stance on flynn
maybe he sent them to Hillary's server by mistake
what about what Trump knew? It's turtles all the way down on his one, Mike
Fake News... Where's the source and where/who is this quoted?
This tweet hasn't aged well.  Declaring fake news at everything you dont like can't save you from the truth.
what about @POTUS discussing national security in the middle of a crowded dining room?
@anesam98 @POTUS  A General who doesn't know not to tell other Gov'ts our State Secrets? Funny, since Obama fired him for that!
what makes anyone think Flynn wasn't acting by Drumpf request? I mean really. Isn't it obvious? #PutinsApprentice
what if  Flynn had Trump's blessing when he  talked to the Russian ambassador?
I think you mean..."should be prosecuted".  Colluding with Russia requires more that a resignation.
I don't think 45 has the mental capacity or desire to make such determinations. He'll delegate, and Flynn will stay.
Did you care when Ted Kennedy, back doored President Reagan, to make a deal with Daniel Ortega, a communist. No
.@SenBennetCO Keep up the hard court press on @POTUS, Senator. We deserve answers.
I'm afraid POTUS deals in #alternativefact I encourage you Senator to call for a full, bipartisan investigation #copolitics
& POTUS needs to resign for holding a NATSEC review in the middle of a public dining room with God knows who & photogs present!
@joshtpm @POTUS You guys assume old rules apply. Not to DT. He'll lie about this & it will blow over. Like all the other lies.
Flynn should be arrested. Treason. Period.
What if he didn't but lied about how many calls happened? Pence, Priebus, Spicer said one call. Reports are of more.
Any way we can get our other Senator to demand any answers re @POTUS?  Or is he too busy trying to re-fill Gitmo?
Thanks for the good work, Senator.
What did POTUS know, and when did he know it? To coin a phrase. That is the question.
Good start. Keep fighting.
honey 45 is well aware. Heavily involved is more like it. Flynn is the deliberate distraction. Fall guy.  #resist
Pretty sure we should also be asking/determining if @POTUS knew. Also, misrepresented = lied.
Thank you, Senator Bennet, for standing up for what's right. You are an inspiration. Others should look to you.
aim higher
...and so should Trump. If you think we are going to "buy" that he didn't know, think again!
thanks for trying to help our country. Cory Gardner is useless.
The Senate should clarify what is known about ALL illicit communication between @POTUS and Russia.
Thank you Senator Bennet (or as we call you around the house, "The Good One")
and WHEN because that does matter
what if he was falling orders from Trump?
Flynn should not resign Dems need to stop @realDonaldTrump from having cabinet heads so leaks can be stopped
Can he be removed by congress?
Thank you for being a leader and pushing for answers for us.
What if #TRUMP continues to ignore #Flynn Russia ties? Did he okay the calls?
Thank you for holding them accountable. Please continue to press this issue, I feel the rabbit hole goes much deeper!!
.@SenCoryGardner @RepMikeCoffman I am asking you both as your constituent: Do you agree? #unpaid #FireFlynn #represent @POTUS @SenBennetCO
.@SenBennetCO @POTUS  Thank you Senator for standing up for us.  We've got your back! #Indivisible @indivisiblefrr
What if the President knew about it?
@joshtpm @POTUS That does not seem to be a issue when NSA has tapes and transcripts. Fired is solution. Agent Orange kills.
No .@GOP tax cuts for treasonous, cynical game with Republic. Shut it all down until RU infiltration uprooted.
@joshtpm @POTUS And who asked Flynn to call. Who. When. Why.
Thank you!
If so, we must find out if/when Pence knew. If/when Trump knew. Then ask for more resignations, based on timing.
Also what about alleged pre-election call. Campaign coordinating with Russia?
don't you think so @SenCoryGardner ?
I wonder what would have happened if @HillaryClinton won and her adviser were in same position. Hmmmm.
Hmmmm. People with ethics put country above party, any party. Don't condone lawlessness
That's for sure! Thank you for your statement. Is there anything Congress can do?
Please keep pushing for this, Senator!
We need an investigation into WH's ties w/ Russia & conflicts of interest. Not enough to have him resign.
Thank you Senator!!
We appreciate you,  Senator Bennet!   Please talk some sense into @SenCoryGardner , he is ignoring his constitutants
Gardener is representing the silent MAJORITY.
