your another corrupt democrat that supported quid pro quo Hillary, sold her soul. Support Obama destruction of American values
you mean he is a bad sen. because he supported his state's vote? 53% of Coloradoans did NOT vote for Trump in this election
colorado Denver Boulder doesn't represent the rest of us
raised in rural Larimer county, city bias! The cold hard facts are that the majority of Colorado didn't vote Trump!
you don't get it, the state is controlled by the liberal metro area, look who the rural counties voted for
I hear Wyoming is nice if you prefer a state populated by less people/square foot,  but tend to have the same political views
Please keep opposing his terrible picks and EO's. Too bad @SenCoryGardner has become one of his top supporters
I've heard rumor that @SenCoryGardner might vote against Devos ?! Please do!!!
You missed that you're a liberal, gov. loving career politician that should RESIGN; take @RepDianaDeGette with you TERM LIMITS
McConnell and McCain gone? Awesome.
Michael,really? Should we throw together a halfbaked,slanted list of 'accomplishments' for Obama, Hilary?
None of this is "half baked " this is LITERALLY what the President has done.  No question about it.  That's how facts work
it was not literally what the President did. It was a slanted editorialized version of opinion - with the intent to denigrate
please,  correct me where I'm wrong? #MuslimTravelBan  #alternativefacts  least diverse cabinet #globalgagrule   pro torture
He threatened to send troops to Chicago because he thinks Chicago is full of black people and therefore violent.
Or you can look at the statistics in Chicago and see that our fellow Americans need help with crime problem .
You think shooting them is going to help with that crime problem, my eggy friend?
No better policing, family support, and good schools.  Dont put words or motives into anyones mouth or hearts.
Remember 51.9% of CO voted against you
remember,  more than half the country didn't vote for Trump
Thank you!!
You have all the info you need. What are you going to do to stop him?
Follow the US Constitution! 
He needs to be impeached.
#doyourjob #impeach based on #EmolumentsClause #russiancollusion ##25 WE ARE WATCHING
Thanks for speaking up Senator Bennet...proud to call you my Senator!
Be alert and keep your eye on the liar.
this is really sorry! I'm disappointed I. Sen Bennet. Divisive.
keep up the good fight!!
You haven't said if you'll oppose SCOTUS nomination for stolen seat. In-state courtesy? Only 1440 days left LET NEXT POTUS PICK
and the next POTUS is looking like it'll be Pence, which is worse...
Thinks Frederick Douglass is alive and well
This is so great. Was hoping someone would do it. So hard for us to track it all down. Are Republicans affected by this at all?
if you have an app phone download @countable. It will help keep u up 2 speed on issues and how ur reps r voting, etc
Can't afford I-Phone. Anything on line?
Of course! You can use Countable on the web at
my apology for leaving that out. Will keep in mind for next Shoutout
What you missed was he is our president...try to work with him and represent us!
Work with what?
Also threatened to invade Mexico
And Chicago
Congratulations on writing a great Colorado Government Tweet: http://cogovtweets.measuredvoice.com/SenBennetCO/status/827937806618083328 … (Ranked 2nd for Feb 4.)
... not that it means anything to u, has also done everything he promised his voters he would do! How refreshing! Dems r lost
thank you for fighting this insanity.
In case it's not obvious, @SenBennetCO, I'm delighted that I voted for you, and fully intend to do so again, when opportunity arises.
His support of DAPL, Keystone and order to allow coal to dump waste into streams.
Can you please correct the typo on the word inauguration?  Thanks from a data entry geek. 
Without tax returns, every military order endangers our troops but we don't know if it's for US interests or just DJT's
EO to weaken Dodd-Frank, Volker Rule & consumer protections. #WomenInMyGrill
keep fighting this is insanity. Nowall noban no devoss
you missed one...Dems keep getting their a$$ handed to them!  1500 State and Fed seats LOST!
So what will be done about Trump? Our marches and tweets don't resolve it. Mr Bennet will you lead the fight?
Will people have to repay to get a new visa after Trump cancelled them?
eased sanctions on Russia
He fired Attorney General Sally Yates because she wasn't going to defend the immigration ban.
You are just amazing at your job. Thank you Sir
I kno CO high pop areas are leaning more and more dem but being too partisan either way seems dangerous in a high indep state
you forgot DT being sued by the state of Hawaii
Botched rush job on Yemen.
Threatened to declare martial law in Chicago and send troops into Mexico.
Celebrated BHM without actually acknowledging the contributions of any black people.
Insulted our IC in front of their memorial to fallen IC members.
Thanks for being brave and vigilant! Not even about Dem or Rep anymore - this fight is against a mentally ill president/tyrant
Also, please add the signed executive action directing the Treasury secretary to review the Dodd-Frank financial oversight law
Thank you sir for standing tall and strong for our democracy and our Constitution.
I don't think his staff (i.e. Bannon) is required to have secure and record-able phones like he is.
please protect the people of CO from his dangerous policies. Be our voice.
Ignored millions who marched for equality. Insisted females in WH dress like "women".
planned elimination of violence against women grants. Pls fight for the safety of us ladies Senator.  #resist
Now that you are done labeling people, what are you going to do about the $20,000,000,000,000 debt this country is facing?
USDA abruptly purges animal welfare information from its website https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/animalia/wp/2017/02/03/the-usda-abruptly-removes-animal-welfare-information-from-its-website/?utm_term=.aa0af059b276 …
also: coal dump in streams, methane release rollback,  and the dog food regs, lab animal records roll back.
Threatened to send troops to Mexico.
What is missing is where YOU and other leaders with brains turn up the heat and GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE.
thnk you-its rest of us who needs a vaction from
Let the world know he has NO IDEA who Frederick Douglass is. Or any black person not named Ben Carson or Omarosa. #ResistTrump
thanks for standing up for all Americans. We appreciate all you do.
2 for 1 regulation order and reopening pipelines.
Thanks but what can you do to help us as we slide into chaos nationally and globally? There seems no end to this calamity!
Thank you for a having a backbone against a bully. Thank you for putting the people first unlike@sencorygardner.
unfortunately I see you as well as the rest of the libs just whining away.  Not everything is right buy it's not all wrong
if you acknowledge he is violating emoluments clause of constitution why don't you call for impeachment?
Don't forget, too, there are Repubs in Congress that are proposing legislation which harms #publiclands.  I'm very concerned.
please keep holding him accountable
Is consistently disrespectful of women,from the "bus tapes" to telling women to dress like women(whatever that means)in the WH.
Ask for prayers for better ratings for the Apprentice.
#wethepeople support @POTUS #2018#2020
Everyone has hit the nail on the head here. Get in your colleague @SenCoryGardner 's ear and wrangle him back to reality.
@senmarcorubio @CoryGardner Work together, get the administration to the Hill and hold them to account.
thank you, keep speaking out against this administration.
Used the National Prayer Breakfast to toot his own horn and dis Gov. Arnold.
I love this senator! Thank you for standing up for core values! Keep up the pressure!!
took away internet subsidy from the poor; ok'd secret $$ to foreign govt by big oil; promised to destroy the Johnson Amendment
please ask @SenCoryGardner to quite supporting everything Trump does!
Trump and/or staff ordered various agencies to remove all climate change data from their websites
keep fighting the good fight. while ur at it, plz try to convince your colleague @SenCoryGardner to stand up for coloradans.
Nice job, Senator Bennet.
At this point we all need proof of his business holdings - already lots of shady deals with oil & Russia
Fired the acting AG who told him his Executive Order wasn't legal, denies climate science & wants to abolish the EPA
Suspended EPA grants and projects while nominating an EPA opponent to lead agency!!
Now we have one more: Removed animal welfare information from WH website.
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/animalia/wp/2017/02/03/the-usda-abruptly-removes-animal-welfare-information-from-its-website/?postshare=6581486232886033&tid=ss_fb&utm_term=.73a1c0ddaee8 …
Fired most of the State dept & threatened the remaining ones who used a sanctioned dissent channel
put US forces at risk by not acting on sufficient intel & excluding qualified advisors, blatantly lied to the American public
Threatened Mexico, threatened Chicago, refused to record call w Putin, demonized & threatened free press
Treason 

MAKE RUSSIA GREAT AGAIN 

http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/02/02/us-eases-some-economic-sanctions-against-russia/97399136/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter …
Keeps calling refugees "illegal immigrants"
keep opposing! American needs to be reminded that #thisisnotnormal #SoCalledPOTUS
Allowing guns to be sold to the mentally ill.
Filling the "swamp" with greedy corporate, Big Oil & pollution loving, Global Warming denying Repugs!
wait he wants a vactation already
So what did you and the other Democrats do to stop any of this? You're being 'bipartisan' or ? What $$ is behind you Dems?
Has nominees that, first, are unqualified and second, do not have the best interest in the departments they will head.
Took credit for Jobs Report when he wasn't even in office when the report ended.
You could add "Hasn't been effectively checked by Congress."
Repealing the Stream Protection Rule, the rule that protects streams from coal mining pollution.
What's missing is the impeachment plan. And the action.
thank you for your support. It's going to be a long 4 years. We are counting on you to block & resist!!!
.@SenBennetCO
21. He has repeatedly and consistently shown contempt for people based race, ethnicity, gender, sexual identity and religion.
.@SenBennetCO
20. He has strongly advocated for the silencing and suppression of a Free Press.
.@SenBennetCO
19. He has knowingly, repeatedly and egregiously misled the public, and directed his staff to do the same.
I appreciate your hard work. Thanks. Missed Dodd-Frank step back from financial advisors ethical practice.
.@SenBennetCO
18. He has illegally threatened to cut off funding to Sanctuary Cities which have determined their values through self-governance.
.@SenBennetCO
15. He has hastily signed multiple Executive Orders without the advisement of Congress, policy experts, his cabinet or staff.
.@SenBennetCO
13. He has vowed to enact policy and legislation which clearly tread on the separation of church and state.
please keep opposing destructive policies and listening to Coloradans!
so what is Congress DOING? You guys need to keep him as honest as possible.
.@SenBennetCO
11. He has purged the State Dept. of its highest level officials without any regard for a responsible continuity of State Affairs.
It's not just Trump. It's across parties. Senate votes bought with $. We need extreme vetting on our key government officials.
.@SenBennetCO
10. He has dismissed an Attorney General for fulfilling her oath to defend the Constitution, defying the autonomy of the Dept. of Justice.
@potus seems to have forgotten basic civics lesson re. 3 branches of govt providing checks and balances. We are a democracy!
Thank you for the list. I had been looking for something similar. Now fight even though your job may be on the line. Please!
It's a valid & terifying list. Congress needs to work together to address trump & Bannon. Party politics will blur true issues.
Churchill, Eisenhower, & DeGaul all omitted ANY mention of the #holohoax in their 8000 pages of WW2 history.
Becuase the the #holohoax is a lie and extortion and Jews will pay back with INTEREST.
Jews will also pay reparations to Blacks for the Slave Trade with was a Jew job.
threatened Mexico
Any movement on impeachment?
Said "what the hell" at National Prayer breakfast .
Please keep opposing this Administration and their policies. He's going after the Judicial Branch. Congress will be next.
Colluded with Russia - Putin to interfere in our democracy? How bout that?????
threatened to pull funding from UC Berkeley
Did not record phone call with Putin but as per SOP recorded all other calls.
Can the next one say, "impeached?"
Go Senator Bennet!  We are counting on you!
said publicly "we're going to be cutting Dodd-Frank...so the friends of mine, with nice businesses..." You can google the rest.
Authorized the raid in Yemen over dinner without knowing more about risks involved. Lives lost needlessly.
Fired acting AG because she did not agree to his unconstitutional EO, which numerous courts have ruled as such already.
thank you!! Been waiting for you to weigh in!
.@SenBennetCO threatened to invade Mexico
fired Yates.
Seems like you missed the part about not being a partisan hack.
How about turned off recording during Putin call.  Can you confirm??
