No American should allow President-elect Trump to obstruct an investigation when he gets into office—we must get the answers voters deserve.
thank you Patty!  This Russia hack is at the core of our democracy and dangerous!  Fight for us the repubs are downplaying it
Thank you for leadership beyond partisanship; this is national security.
Your colleagues are too busy worrying about getting home for the holidays while the rest of us deal with the fallout
What bunk. You cannot be as naïve as your tweets make you out. 
Here comes the bogeyman!
The sky is falling!
Boo!
Yes Patty.  Weve been saying that for month.  What are you going to DO???
Postpone the EC vote until investigation determines the truth. Can't let madman steal our votes. #TrumpTreason #RussianHackers
Please RT/share:
I wish twitter had no character limit so I could just obliterate every single little shit Hilary supporter like I do in person.
That focus is too narrow. Look at all candidates and all forms of foreign influence like endorsements and donations.
You and your Establishment Dem' Comrads should be investigated for screwing Sanders. After 52 years I am no longer a Dem'.
Trump wouldve never been accused of racism if he were keeping out Canadian illegals but then they didnt screw up their country
Democrats support LGBT feminism and BLM now when they were the supporters of slavery and the oppressors of women and gays.
Russians had nothing to do with the Presidential election. DEMS have lost touch with reality and had a really bad candidate
, delighted that u back investigation. Pls defend our right to equal/fair elections. Don't yield We r with u!!
Hilary was allowed to run for president before she even was cleared of an investigation that wouldve brought felony charges
thank you.
I doubt Russia was involved since hillary got the popular vote and the electorial college choose trump instead.
Thank you for your hard work!
@Liberalyogi A state of emergency should be declared and he shouldn't be allowed to take office.
are you serious  when you bunch of crybabies lost you wreck cities its time to grow up
And your politics are to the left of what exactly? @MonroeG5 @PattyMurray @Liberalyogi
have you been nominated by snowflakes to be the knight in shinning armour to attack me 
Im asking you a question. Can you answer or choose to hide behind insults?
educate yourself about irish politics snowflake and you'll find the answer
You are hurling an insult at me and it doesnt register. Too bad, you lose. The Troubles.
CIA concluded Investigation
We need leaders to demand Audit of Votes and Forensic of Machines immediately
Well? What are you waiting for?
It can't be soon enough.
don't wait. He's surrounded himself with military. You won't be able to oust him if he's guilty. Military coup.
Seth Rich did it. He narc'd DNC emails because of cheating Bernie. #SethRich, ultimate Bernie Bro, RIP. #RussianHackers
otherwise the US is forcing the electoral college to enable a corrupt election. I applaud your efforts in standing up to this.
or if the proof is clearly Russia rigged #Trump, give the oath to the popular vote winner. Otherwise 2/
whether #Clinton's or #Trump's, how can any vote be considered legitimate now? Any other country would seek new election 1/
Make it happen.
@summerbrennan All the shit goin on in the world, and needing to know"if" they played role? "What diff. does it make @ this pt.
@MaddowBlog Turn the heat up investigate and void this election.
the, #demandanewelection
Thank you for speaking out and promoting action!!!
https://board.freedomainradio.com/topic/48825-toutube-the-truth-about-fake-news-russia-hacked-us-election-for-donald-trump/ …
Educate yourselves, please, for the love of all you hold dear.
@freeandclear1 BEFORE THE ELECTORS MEET ON DEC 19th!! WE NEED AN EMERGENCY SESSION OF SENATE IMMEDIATELY !!
@realDonaldTrump is #NotMyPresident #TraitorTrump #TreasonousTrump #PutinPuppet #RussianTrump #DirtyDonald #BraggartBuffoon
although back then attacks on Americans were taken more seriously
but everyone is going home for Xmas break instead. Will revisit after inauguration. Thank God Pearl Harbor was in early Dec
Thank you for continuing to take a strong stand, Senator!
Thank you, Senator, for speaking out loudly about this matter.
thank you. We must get him out. Audit and/or redo vote. He's not legit.
The country needs immediate answers, not after Trump is sworn in. There will be no true investigation after swearing ceremony
he MUSTnt B INSTALLED,till a complete critical investigation,of he and  family,that travels with Russians is done.2 much power
all citizens need to show enforce enmass to demonstrate the power of the people 
All Dem leaders plan execute before Jan15
Go Get 'em!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This CANNOT be allowed
This division was part of the strategy
Divide De-struct Destroy Democracy
Sen. Murray, thank you for having the courage and wisdom to push this forward.
We will vote you out! #TRUMP was elected by the American People! The same people that are tired of crooked politicians- like U
Thank you! Before Dec. 19?
We need Bipartisan political leaders to urge Electors to support popular vote!  as a matter of National Security!
Stop transfer o/power,recount/audit all swing states,emergenC invstgns,& charges brought. We cannot live under a Russian coup.
Your voters deserve for the legislature and @POTUS to invalidate corrupt election and have new one
And whether/how #Trump team/confidants (even @RealDonaldTrump) worked with #Putin/#Russia. @PattyMurray @summerbrennan
good
@summerbrennan Murray also called for investigation
you Dems can't accept the outcome, and have wild conspiracy theories. It's laughable since that's what you always accuse us of.
Democracy's gasping shot "heard round' the world" has been fired in America, D.C. must take up arms now! All hope depends on it
Thanks @PattyMurray, I'm proud to be represented by you.  Keep the pressure on!
@TrustissuesLisa 
Absolutely
@amyselwyn Signs of this dangerous time were revealed evry time #trump opened his mouth & @ evry new scandal revealed! #UNFIT
The US authorities could investigate the content of the emails, what do you have to hide?
What's taking so long? We've known this was going on long before the election. Russia stole our election & our govt let them!
The Romney family and my ex-husband involved. For 28 yrs my ex-husband acted as a RU asset
Thanks for info - never trusted him on foreign policy - always felt he was hiding something - he was!
Russian influence in the GOP began 28 yrs. ago thru the Romney family & a Russian import/export co.
Finally makes sence - heard rumors years ago Romney's company was involved with USSR and nothing after that,
I tried during Romney’s presidential runs but few understood, others said it was 2 complex and not a sound bite
@JoeBeernink Trump must be held accountable. This is treason. Period.
Thank you, Senator Murray.
I want to hear much stronger outrage and leadership on this now!
Electoral college vote should be stopped pending investigation!  #Trump is corrupt! @SenateMajLdr should be impeached! #fraud
Thank you!  This situation is really disturbing.
as a Washingtonian I am so proud you are leading this fight, Patty!
An investigation needs to be done with your money hustling, lying ass.
Wow. This is pretty deluded. CIA already say they have no specific evidence. Some serious growing up needs to occur here.
@NowIKnoEvrythng so start the investigation and stop this bastard from taking office! Stop him now
Finally we hear from you. I voted 4 u, wrote,called about trump & what was happening to us as a nation silence, pls make it rgt
yeah can you guys put a rush on this. For the sake of our precious planet!
We need a COMPLETE shutdown of the tRump inauguration until we can figure out what the HELL is going on!
Hillary won the popular vote by 2.8 million. Russia,Gop and Corrupt Donald cheated to "win".There's only one solution here.  @PattyMurray
@Ivanroberson DT mustn't be inaugurated until it's resolved if proved should be indicted. DT/Putin stole election. Hillary won.
@winterthur Well get on with it...you have the microphone.
Hooray for Patty Murray. Anybody else in congress care to speak out without worrying about your future. It's only our future too.
Too late ! They are in the White House come January. The 'Americans' voted for it.

First Dems&Clinton blamed Comey for defeat, then fake news, now the Russians. Everything except their corrupt candidate. Next space aliens. 
So Trump was crazy to think the system was rigged? Now that u all lost, u are grasping @ straws!  #MAGA
The only one trying to hijack the election and change anything is you. I am sorry that you represent my state.
@MrJamesonNeat Dems are bringing a knife to a gun fight. Sorry, @PattyMurray, but that's how it looks.
@Ddebn8R yes!
yes! Please! PEOTUS makes comments against the CIA NOT Russia!! Scary Scary! We need your voice
@bannerite Take the lead...don't wait for someone else to do it. Time is running short!
You rule!!!
@namenotme Pending the outcome of investigation, void the results! One who cheats should not be rewarded as winner!
thank you for standing up. Doing the right thing is hard
Thank you for standing up for #democracy
@CruzWhobris @BarackObama @CIA @DHSgov @JoyAnnReid We must go radical&revote:Constitutional crisis! We have to stop TRUMP&Putin
you are the one with power.  Start the process!
- search Pence, Trump, Giuliani and Gingrich emails
thank you! Keep up the tough scrutiny.
w all due respect, illegal DNC tactics lost the election, https://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY . How's that investigation going??? #MAGA
Please lead.
Like before December 19 or January 20 at the latest!!!!!
Call Emergency Session of Congress. Halt the meeting of Electoral College
DT should be disqualified.  The election is tainted.
@bannerite Yes!!! Yesterday!!!
But nothing on Hillary selling Fed seats to foreign Nationals?
BEFORE 1/20. In fact, before 12/19. Probe with bayonets!
It's done &  must be presented BEFORE the Electoral college votes. This can't stand.
@chestnut_daniel Pres. Pussygrabber Ruskies pick.
@GoddessKerriLyn And we must demand a #ReVote
I'm okay with that as soon as you finish the investigation into the MSM hijacking it and trying to elect Hillary Clinton
Thank you for speaking out. We cannot inaugurate a President elected by Russia
The investigation into Russian hacking our election should be completed before the electoral college votes!
We stand with you!!! Our Republic is in danger!!! #PotusTrump #45
Thank you for standing up for this!
I miss having you represent me and I agree, agree, agree. We cannot bear waiting.
@deejay90192 not justthe Russian hacking.Chek absentee&provisional ballots plus gerrymander'g/dstricts 4GOP favor - pa,mi,nc,fl
we have to do something we are behind you no room for cowards anymore
@marvswife   Finally - a Democratic leader is giving voice to our concerns. Thank you Senator Murray!
thank you.
Still butt hurt I see.
@rtraister YES THANK YOU! This week before Electors College!
I am a constituent. Thank you for speaking up.
@RiseUpAbove Stop all Senate business until this is discussed on the floor of the Senate in detail with the public watching
@deejay90192 @SenateMajLdr should resign or be #Impeached
@deejay90192 Not enough to just investigate. Trump should not be sworn in until all the facts are known.
once he has power of office you can forget it with him.  Given McConnell's sell out I hope you can find Reps with some courage
Can you point to a single time Russia hacked a US govt entity? Quick hint - DNC and Podesta are private citizens / org
not the investigation you need. You need an investigation of why Trump is appointing one Kremlin flack after another to admin..
Can you please speak to Sen @SenSchumer about starting this ASAP? Patriotic Americans see this as an urgent crisis
start with Secy Clinton's recklessness with her "private" emails/server, that dumped ALL of this around the world!
Dear Senator @PattyMurray : If a presidential candidate is at war with one branch of US IC and another helped get him elected - then what?
Don't drop the ball Patty! I'm counting on you. (from Kirkland) #donaldtrumpwantstobanghisdaughter
He can NOT get into office period.
@rtraister Don't count on the Dems to take the lead...they ran for the hills...no wonder we lost...no leaders!  Sadly
@drkarenpaiva yes!
Senator Murray: Please tell us the remedy. What will the Senate do? Help us, please.
Sing it sister!!! LOUD.
@LorettaLynch Do not let this stand! The American people deserve a fair democrat process. This is not reality tv
You sound a lot like @realDonaldTrump claiming it's a rigged system. Just sayin...
We can not put any pro-Putin people in our next cabinet!
go!!!!
shut up patty
tax returns
The Electoral College should NOT vote on Dec. 19th until they have been presented with all the facts themselves.
the election was a sham and needs to be overturned!
agreed & that investigation has to happen NOW,not after the Holidays, that will be too late.Dems have to FIGHT NOW!
follow DJT it will lead u right to Putin
THANK YOU!!
The @CIA also needs 2 turn over all available evidence 2  #ElectoralCollege electors. And what did #Comey know/when?
NOW! right NOW!
Whose responsibility would it be to begin that investigation?
@POTUS has already requested CIA report. He & Congress will be briefed. Congress then needs to call for investigation
Thank you.
Thank you! I hope @SenatorCantwell @PramilaJayapal & @RepJimMcDermott are equally as vocal on this important matter.
Are you working for this with your colleagues? Thank you, if yes!
soon isn't fast ENOUPH!
Halt EC vote!?
But what difference would it make? If they did - does that make the election null and void?
Thank you.  Want to see more out of our Dems in Congress.
SIGN HERE
Finally! Hearing from a Senator with a little sense! Go for it, Patty!
with NSA spying how are we supposed to believe this went unnoticed? If intelligence failed us, why trust an investigation?
@TheTaijiNews wait… youre the senator and youre telling us we need to do something
Russian investigation just one of many to start now and worse to come!
@MrDane1982 We don't have much time! @LorettaLynch stop Trump, he cannot be allowed to take the oath! #HeDidntWinHeStoleIt
I agree! We can't let this get any further than it already has.
why are Dems so timid and Reps like McConnell without shame?
RIGHT NOW! Once Trump is in office, it's too late. Are you in Washington DC, right this moment, doing something?!
it's all phony. Just like the #recounts and so on. #FakeNews #WeWon
sure, I'll believe random internet guy over the CIA and several GOP senators and reps. 
@BarackObama stay in office until this is all straightened out& ALL votes R audited! Too many irregularities in rust belt & Fl.
absolutely!!! We can't have #TraitorTrump take the office of #POTUS!
It's a national disgrace &puts USA in peril! #LockHimUp
Thanks for addressing this. We need OUTRAGE from our Dem Senators. Game is different. No more nice.
.@PattyMurray What can ordinary Americans do to ensure this happens? Suggestions welcome!
Not ASAP! ...Immediately! @SenSchumer 
- I'm with her
and what is Comey's involvement
Absolutely. This is not partisan issue. We r REAL people, REAL lives WE NEED REAL ANSWERS, REAL integrity
absolutely
he's blatantly unfit and if obama refuses to do something we must stop this ourselves. trump traitor

@tuckersworld09 what's your plan?
