@SenSchumer Wonderful! 
@SenSchumer didn't you creats and vote for this disaster called Obamacare? Can we still keep our Doctor?
There is such a thing? Have they only been talking about abstention from sex and God, not doctors, saves lives previously?
For 50 yrs now, Canadians have 6 mths paid leave & many companies will pitch in an additional 6 mths. US is so behind the times.
We have a similar program in the USA, it's called welfare,seems to work good for those on it, those paying for it,not so much.
How is welfare, which has a limited benefit period thanks to Clinton, compare to LEAVE when a family has a baby? You gotta be a robot?

Why is this even up for discussion?  How about not paying for prostrate exams?
#SaveACA
They be taking about the @GOP and the closed door re:  #ACHA they are trying to screw is all.
Has he ever had a baby? He hasn't got a clue.
The WOMEN should be in CONTROL of this trumpnoncare crap bill. Burn it, tear it up, flush it. Just STOP IT!
Seriously. Those assholes need to step down.
Since only the GOP have input on the bill, will they blame themselves for getting pregnant with #AHCA in the first place?
Really pretty insulting is that all you have
just absurd how out of control both parties are in DC - this is the example of how to far you morons will go to do nothing
#ThanksIvanka
Blah blah blah
"which by the way", Majority Whip John Cornyn added, "won't be covered by our health plan anymore, because men shouldn't have to pay for it"
Since Sessions has such a poor memory, he is unfit for office #FireSessions
The best thing is that the Republicans won't mandate maternity coverage for men.
@SenSchumer so now we just have to get hospitals to accept republican talk as payment for services
while the media is consumed with Russia (which is a big deal) the healthcare issue is just a shrug. This country is a disaster.
Thanks for your efforts to protect ACA and affordable access to health care.  This constituent is grateful and would support a filibuster
FIGHT! Boycott hearings. Protest on the floor! Whatever it takes to get people to keep calling.
@SenSchumer 
Funny
Let them talk all they want, demand they fix ACA no #Zombiecare 

#fixthedamnACA

Short memory.  Ivanka been talking this up for months.
yeah because women have a right to demand I go out and slave labor for u when u get pregnant. Why dont u women pick ur own cotton ur slavers
Republican women's health care caucus is an oxymoron.
Please be more forceful in your fight!
Come on @PattyMurray never a doubt maternity care was not going to be in Trumpcare! Talking about a man believes in family@children.
Since you aren't withholding consent, what can be done?
How is secretive legislation legal? It certainly isn't American.
Please slow down this crazy #TrumpTrain - delay, obstruct, buy any means necessary. Take no prisoners, don't bring a knife to a gunfight.
@SenateDems Not one Dem senator has endorsed withholding consent to stop #TrumpCare! What you don't oppose, you endorse!

Barring convincing change fast, @RepAdamSchiff & Sen @PattyMurray: only 2 D's join list of ALL #GOP will work as hard as nec. to vote out.
Sen. @PattyMurray is this a joke? But late to be glad #GOP health care caucus talking. Your talk? Delay 1-3 wks not worth it so why bother?
She voted against bill to import Canadian media, too. She doesn't want to fight big gift to her insurance industry bosses.
You know nothing, Mr. Cornyn. Can't use us as an example if you don't support our healthcare. @JohnCornyn
We usually know way more about babies than what we know about this Republican health care bill. #resist #SaveACA #ACA #AHCA #Trumpcare

This plan totally stinks and will hurt "WeThePeople"
Healthcare should not be a Party issue! It is an All the People issue! We all pay taxes
Fight this with all you've got, senator.
Notable---if carrying the bill to term would threaten the health of the GOP, we wouldn't cruelly insist they have no choice in the matter...
Time to.stop.Trump and GOP from  discriminating against ppl w disabilities. They know Trumpcare will hurt them most for no reason. Chk ADA
The Democrats need to figure out the best way to fix Obama care, start promoting.Start by let ins cos insure across state lines. Competition
For themselves? 
@johncornyn don't know nuthin bout birthin no babies
Don't be lulled into complacency. I know how Dems are. FINALLY talking about it? Really.
Please fight this on behalf of all women.
So Democrats are just going to sit back & let corrupt Republicans ruin millions of lives by trashing ACA with a death certificate?
What the actual fuck are you talking about?
Them listening to Leader McConnell would be a failure. He's acting 4 Trump,  not for #GOP and certainly not for the American people
"It's like having a baby", said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas), "In that it won't be covered under the AHCA, lol."
Find it interesting that the BIG SHOT "men" get their girlfriends, wives or lovers pregnant-then deny maternity care
Typical ASSHOLES 
It is time to withhold consent. You're a senior member, use your leadership and shut it down. Open hearings are a must.
Excuse my French, but what a bunch of dumbclucks. DONT LET THIS HAPPEN. Thank you for all the work you do. 
Speak out vehemently on behalf of #MedicareForAll or you are irrelevant. That goes for all of the @SenateDem. We're sick of being bamboozled
Make it as painful as possible for them, please.  We are counting on you.
They're afraid fighting for us will backfire, so apparently they'll be sticking to snarky tweets
Ds also say withholding consent/grinding Senate to halt only delays vote by 1-2 weeks. Why risk having it backfire if meaningless anyway?
Don't worry though I'm sure Senate Dems have a nice song cued up to sing for once the bill passes
No.
Tell that to the women who've died or lost their fertility because they could not obtain an abortion.
Gallows humor but I can't argue with the barb.

Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
