.@PattyMurray & @SenAlexander announce first two September bipartisan health care hearings—full statement: http://bit.ly/2vVctMM 
So where have you been? Are you just trying to save your seat. It should have been done before Recess!
@HELPCmteDems @SenAlexander why? What's wrong with Obamacare?
It doesn't cover everyone and it has no pricing regulations which has caused healthcare prices to shoot up for alot of people.
I was being sarcastic
And add funding to Medicaid services cause that's health-care
Democrats could have worked across the isle with Republicans to iron out all the details for a good ACA which could have been in place now.
But, they didn't, and they are trying to hang on to a failing system because pride will not let them admit they were wrong.
Please remember to vote "yes" to lowering RX price ...last time you were 1 of 13 democrats who forgot or represented the pharma!!!
In order 2 do so, insurance companies need 2 b included 2 control costs & tort reform needs 2 b addressed.  Only way 2 do it right.
Any chance HELP could post some key comments from gov's, etc., re health care/ins in their states? The facts need to be in people's minds.
While U attempt CPR on AHA, doctors are refusing to see Medicare patients.  Gearing up for Single Payer, they save room 4 wealthy Pvt Payer.
#HappyLaborDay @PattyMurray @SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris @RepJoeKennedy @SenSanders @SenWarren @EdMarkey All #Americans Dems #DefendDACA now
Democrats did this.
You better do something quickly Patty because the next vote I'm voting you out!
Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow that voted for Obama's joke care without reading it.
Please. Get on with it.
@HELPCmteDems @SenAlexander  Word is GOP going to their governors to kill ACA?
I thought that's what you and all the Dems promised with Obamacare. Are you saying Obamacare has failed us? You were brilliant to support it
plz do so, especially to those foreign students like me.
Your constituents, those who are still Ds & those who've #Demexit, want #SinglePayer. What part of that are you & @TheDemocrats tone deaf to
And address Climate Change.
The band around your head is to look tight

Public option, public option, public option ... in places where the insurance co won't serve ... like Amtrak does ...
Where does it say that in the constitution ms. Patty?
MOVE QUICKLY TO REMOVE MR. CRUMP
...and in a responsible manner....that would be NEW for the Dumbocrats in the Senate.
Let me help @SenateDems figure this out. NO  NO SUPPORT! 
We are headed for Single Payer.  Average citizen will wait for service.  Wealthy can afford to pay doctors fees outright.  This is new HC.
70 yrs old, lost family practice Dr, but can't find another.  Doctors refusing Medicare. Not AHC, Medicare w/ supplement.  Country ruined!
#SINGLEPAYERNOW
@SenateDems hahaha tell someone your lies you haven't done thing like except year th country apart with stupity
promote nothing but hate & violence. Shameful and disgraceful is your rhetoric. RESIGN.
If you want to talk healthcare, tell everyone about your VA coverup. And how you used vets with ptsd for your own political gain
Obamacare hasn't been repealed yet and U want act quickly to build on your failures. Are U joking? U are a good definition of insanity. LOL
support the buy into Medicaid proposal coming out of HI All Americans need healthcare they can but into regardless of HC market
Can I get Medicare to cover nutritionalist visits for gastroparesis, ma'am? It's not covered. Diabetes, transplants are: not gastroparesis
How can I help you Senator? 
It's nice to hear you talking about the promises you made to come back and work on this issue.
You own Obamacare, I really doubt your sincerity or qualifications to come up with something better.
You are not responsible, you are not honorable and you do not represent me!
REALLY? When did u first think something was wrong with obamacare?  I vote for all elected officials not getting exempt from parts
Start by defunding planned parenthood
HaHa...Bipartisan??? You don NOT know what that word means! You ONLY represent WESTERN WA.! This nanny state mentality has ruined Washington
Bark at the moon Patty.
#Medicare4All 

Problem solved.
Don't need workers. Last I checked, we print money at the Fed. See #military spending for reference on how it's done.
You're confusing taxes with printing money. The Fed isn't the IRS.
Nothing can be done unless we get rid of the social predators who are after the public money.
#SinglePayer #medicaid4all #peoplenotprofits
It's because of your "actions" that I will never vote for another Democrat again.
REPEAL AND REPLACE FACT.
The best thing you can do is get it of the way. YOU caused this mess, so please, go talk crazy somewhere else. We're all full up here.
we advice republic senators to forget, the trumps dream about to create new health care that is one advice.
Second is  to keep the truel .
Step 1. Stop taking money from big pharma. Step 2. Give the people what they want, health justice via universal healthcare for us all!
Health justice? 
Please give back the $475000 you took from the Pharma giants. Let's start there. #fakeleader
You had 7 years to act responsibly. You destroyed healthcare and now you want to "fix"it? Your raising less money  because your liars!
Americans
U missed your chance when you voted for Big Pharma. Talking  out both sides of your mouth and taking corporate money loses my vote #demexit
ITS PAST TIME THAT WE DISBANDED THE RACIST HATE-FILLED DEMOCRAT PARTY.  THEN WE CAN TEAR DOWN THEIR SYMBOLS OF HATE.

Nationalized single payer healthcare is the only solution
The only solution to what? Losing the rest of our solvency and health care altogether? Sounds reasonable. 
Yep. We're already there in all the states with one insurance co on the exchange. One company is no choice at all.
@SenateDems - DW Schultz & Awan Family new watergate ?
ACT
X REPEAL OBAMACARE
X REPLACE OBAMACARE
X CONTROL MEDICAID SPENDING
ITS SIMPLE
Now you're in a hurry? Put yourself on same plan as your voters.

Can GOV. of states work to make more http://INS.CO . POLICES available cross states ?
You did passed Obama care disaster but made sure you and staff got 75 percent subsidies
"Good noW!"®,B"H. What do U mean higher quality? it must b patient centred. focus on preventive & rehabilitative as well. #peoplesplanhealth
Patty we want a "non partisan" solution. If that's not what you're offering we're not interested.
Medicare for all Americans
Will you please post the total political contributions given and accepted by both political parties by h/c and pharma co. Be Acountable
Why does the gov't not negotiate drug prices? Tremendous fraud
Why is it needed to have insurance company negotiate healthcare cost.
#singlepayer?
Please do!  Thank you Senator
Yes. This is good for the people. How about a model that is built on the same architecture as Canada health system. Makes sense so no way.
