Not at taxpayer expense.
Bet you are pro-life too. No birth control too.
No birth control at taxpayer expense & yes pro-life.
The rules of gov't you've just laid out would be incredibly expensive & fail to raise a healthy, productive next generation of workers
Your policies would have extensive, long lasting negative consequences including increased childhood poverty due to lack of family planning-
-options and decreased social support for families. May also increase divorce rate; financial stress can be significant factor in divorce.
You would also likely see a decrease in birth rates, as we are currently seeing, due to reduced ability to afford kids.
Without a growing population (since I can only assume you wouldn't support increasing immigration to grow population), the economy slows-
They do.  It is called parenting.  Has worked for centuries.  Your child is your responsibility, not mine.
Way to support the common good! Let me guess ... trump supporter?
We think all representatives and Congress person's senators should have same health care and Pension we all are subject to.
Why dont you say anything about the low pay of childcare professionals?
Embarrassing that America under GOP is only industrialized democracy unwilling to provide affordable health care to its citizens. 
That's great, but I need you to co-sponsor #S1804, #MedicareForAll, too!
Free unicorns too. And free Netflix. free strippers. Free everything.
No, no. You're thinking of eliminating taxes that fund things like roads, bridges, electrical lines, child care, and healthcare.
$20 trillion in debt and your precious federal govt still can't give you libs enough. Go read the enumerated powers of the fed govt
It's almost like Bush II spent untold trillions on militaristic boondoggles and kept them off the books to hide the debt they generated.
Wow, how do you keep debt off the books?
Not "access," but ACTUAL child care, and healthcare, too! #SinglePayer
If you were not taking bribes...  it would be more afforable. Drug prices up over 40% since passing obamacare. Thanks!
Can you please support single payer and cut your ties to pharma and medical companies?
I also think every person should have access to quality healthcare without the hassle of navigating insurance rules. #Medicare4All
Lol
(you, dumb): we should pay workers more
(me, has taken econ 101): you see where this line meets that line? that's why the poor should starve
I think families should have access to single payer healthcare . What do you think Senator Murray?
Of course. Don't let these idiots get Their way
There are a lot of families on this planet to cover. Are you sure you afford the pay cut?
Why is the govt sticking there nose in everything? Stop finding more ways to take money out of  taxpayers pockets!
Great way to employ people who get subsidies need monitored work environment transportation and meals. Like granny
Cuz now childcare is a Constitutional right??  
Hold on let me check the Constitution...
Nope not in there.
Sign Bernie's bill! Shame Patty Murray! Had your back all these years but I'm not afraid 2 turn around! Time will tel if we part ways...
Every state should be free of dim-bulb Senators like Patty Murray!
Head start tried employing grandmothers in the classroom to one on one with needy kids worked great and they were provided for
Yes, buy it just like I did for my kids.
Please protect Transgender Military Service!
If GOP base had their way, your income wld determine your eligibility to have kids. Less poor ppl that way. Little money, no kids allowed.
Single moms with access to affordable childcare are able to work. Therefore are less likely to need assistance. W/o childcare, can't work.
Should families pay for *anything* themselves!?

Yet, you say nothing about the $21 TRILLION given to the banksters? Whhhhat?
smh you are so emberrasing sometimes Patty.
I think every person should plan for family/day care BEFORE they make, yes you have to make them, a child.
@PattyMurray That $20+ trillion debt YOU amassed doesn't faze you at all does it?...As long as you make millions...
how many gov gobs have been eliminated due to the use of computers ? I am sure none its bigger How many gov employees do we have $$$$$
No. One parent should stay home. Live within your means. My taxes shouldn't subsidize your decisions and lifestyle choices #getgovout
Nope.  You have to work for it.
Most definitely
Not at public expense!
Murray, get there lazy ass people to go get jobs earn money and PAY for their kids health care! Enough government welfare programs for them
What would be affordable?, A $15hr job to pay for the $15hr daycare?
See all you non tax payers at church on Sunday.What kindness you have for your neighbors. Support working people & kids
Hello, @PattyMurray are you there? Are you listening? About 75% of the responses here are against your socialist utopian delusion.
2-stop signs or cross walks or schools or police or fire departments.  Good luck with your lower tax society. Do u care for grand kids?
what about the coal miner you put out of work.....
I wonder if all these mean tweets in reply are from real people. Give me a break. Cindy Mann, no E.D. drugs at tax payer expense, or
Maybe everything could become a right?
Nope, some should pay more. Shouldn't childcare workers earn a living wage in your utopia? Affordable means some1 doesn't earn living wages!
Drug tests for all Assistance programs!!
Keep up the good work the Lord shall prevail
This was along time coming! Good to see there is still a few folks down there that have their compass calibrated to what is Important 2day!
Yes I
It sounds like the people have spoken Patty.
And every fit parent should have the right to raise their own children without DSHS & Juvenile Court interference!!  Free our children!!
Not if the government is involved
Is this gonna be like the Affordable Care Act? Not sure y'all need to be involved if it is
What if we just think you're a lunatic...?
That's all most impossible with all the regulations y'all put on the industry and still chimos get thru
#MedicareForAll healthcare! Not just kids! #GOP scumbags offer "access"
Start acting like a Dem! Johnson expected Medicare to grow 4 all
Really? Is there anything you won't stick your nose in? Let "We The People" be. #PermanentVacation
What about those of us who don't have children? Are we supposed to pay the bill for someone else's?
If u give me a child I will say yes! But thanks to certain ppl, & my medical problems, not my problem. & yes that's 4 u sis, if u found Acct
Found that money tree? It's not out here because you're taxing us to death.
I want a unicorn
How about cost of living adjustment that allows people to raise their own children if they choose? Choices would be nice.
Here, let me open my wallet! Are you freaking serious? How about we let parents take care of this, Senator.
That's brilliant Patty cuz if it's not affordable then you can't afford it, gotta be affordable parents gotta pay for it make sense. Duh
I think more business should incorporate day care facilities so the parents have access to their children. It is a win win for all.
perhaps they should but we are not paying for it PATTY.
Raise your own children instead of handing them off the strangers.
I think you should buy me a new sports car because I deserve it.  Sound fair?  Oh, and throw in a free nice home on Lake Washington.

$20,160,009,329,677.81 (-) #NationalDebt
#shinyobjects4all  is what corrupt dems offer. Stop ur corrupt BS and giving corp welfare to price gouging ins corp & pharma. #publicoption
is there anything else you think the gvt should be paying for? better yet, is there anything you think the gvt SHOULDN'T be paying for?
it's called they pay for good child care not the tax payers
Access to it?  Or do you mean we pay for everyone else's childcare?
#ChildCare4All is awesome. Every child should receive access to affordable care. Start children on the right path early
My children are on the right path. Paid for all their schooling myself.
So am I but it's expensive as hell for a good education.
529 Direct started w/$25 when they were born
I'm sorry don't really understand that last tweet. Started at $25 now it's $529?
A 529direct acct (u can open up w/o an agent) you can start one for $25 and keep adding to it. It is a pretax deduction on ur income
We actually do something like that through my spouses insurance. But our childcare is $195 a week per child.
Mine was a $90 each but that was also 10 years ago.
More govt interference & taxpayer funding. Heck no!
List details of quality and affordable please? I don't know what you are talking about.
Who made the child??
People already pay more in taxes than they do on food and clothing according to the BLS. You all control and misspend enough of our money.
Why don't you vote with @POTUS to change the tax codes & end over bearing regulations 4 corps, so they can offer on site DAY CARE! Win, Win!
And the same decent public education I had growing up These charters is ret to segrgation See Little Rock Arkansa story Huff Post, Stop Now!
Thank you @PattyMurray.  Please make sure the CHIP gets funded.
Not the government's job to provide child care for everyone. When does it end with Democrats thinking up more ways to collect taxes?
It’s about control. Increased dependency on the government (that they’re running).
Why are all of these bots following Patty Murray??
Ridiculous. Who pays? How much? #Democrats want children (a) aborted or (b) conscripts to the State.
I think it more important that every child should have access to a quality mother(female) and father(male).  Can you make that happen?
They DO. So you gonna' go wreck the child care industry like you did the insurance industry? #BIGgovernmentBIGproblems #LessGOVT #lowertaxes
If u can't afford health care perhaps u should think before having 6 or 7 kids. Some self responsibility is required before we all pitch in
You assume 6or 7 kids? Most ppl don't wait until they are financially secure to have kids, as most don't get there untill 30's.
RT if you think every family has a right to healthcare. #MedicareForAll
I think every family should try to have a parent take care of their children. #lowertaxes not #ChildCare4All No more socialist policies.
One might argue that before having children you should make sure you can afford them. Responsibility is a radical concept though
Children shouldn't suffer for parents poor decisions.
Madame Senator, aren't you the one advocating for ever higher ($15) minimum wage? How does that make child care more affordable? #duplicity
You brought logic into the equation. Stop!
Health care, child care, where does the "free" stuff end?
Not at taxpayers expense
Access isn't the issue.  Paying for it is.
Yes, every father should be able to afford that every mother stay home and take care of the kids. #ChildCare4All  Leave the govt out of it
Nothing affordable about our current healthcare system.
I think every family should have access to their brains to prioritize what they find 2 be important without requiring others 2 do so 4 them.
Money trees and unicorns for everyone!!!!
Lay off the booze.
I did - I raised them myself.
I want my Lamborghini.  Where's my damned ObamaLambo ?????  GIVE ME MAH OBAMALAMBO !!!!!!!!!
Retweet if you have the financial answer to this suggestion
First her party engineers the destruction of the traditional family. Then says we need govt to take care of your kids.
No thanks comrade, I'm good.
They need to find a way to pay 4 it themselves, not tax payer funded. U do realize the US is NOT a socialist country, right?
But God damn it she is trying her hardest to make it one.
Yes, yes she is.
It's called being responsible adults! Once again NOT the governments responsibility, it's parents.
Lower taxes so working families have more of their own money & flexibility to make their own  choices. Govt not the answer to all problems.
<You go, Patty!
Oh, heck no.
Free ponies for all good children. Free houses. free college. Free medical. Free food. Free transportation. And of course free birth control
I think wages need to go up so a parent is able to stay & raise their 3 and 4 year olds
Maybe you should demand the govt take less.
yes the same healthcare available to senators and members of congress #ChildCare4All
Great idea. Get a job and pay for it yourself or don't have kids you can't afford.
Retweet if the government has no authority to be in your health business.
Sure. But they should pay for it.
I encourage you to support and co-sponsor Bernie's Medicare for All legislation.
Jim, why don't you adopt a family and pay for their insurance. I will pay for my family to help you out.
R u going to take a pay cut to help fund it?

Where,  here or in Moscow?
Get government out of health care and we will.
Once again trying to get the middle class WORKING people paying for everyone's  Nope no way!!
Absolutely Not ..Work And Be Responsible For Your Own Children !!
It's called parenting.
You CHOOSE to have kids, you can CHOOSE to afford them.  I CHOSE not to have them.   Take care of your own kids.
Wtf? When will this madness stop?
That's great, implement a system to help women stay at home and raise their children if they want! Decreases Gov spending and helps society!
How about.. no.
Taxes pay for it,, half the people dont even have jobs.. bring back workfare.  It's gov theft.
Pull out your chckbook then Patty! Stay out of ours please. thanx.
Don't have children if you can't afford to take care of them.
What's your position on birth control and abortion?
So the person with 5 kids with 4 different fathers and no job deserves the same child care as the family with 1 kid and 2 jobs REALLY
Hey how about stop taking 40% of our paycheck in taxes? Then we can live off one income so a parent can stay home.
If you add in your state tax, city tax, Sales tax, utility taxes& property taxes it's more like 65%
I did the math
Yes #ChildCare4All, and @PattyMurray should pay all of it. Stop making the tax payers your wallet to feel good.
RT if you think the govt should stay out of our wallets & focus on pharmaceutical companies that charge outrageous prices in the US! #RXPAC
While we're at it, how about #LouisVuitton4All or @dolcegabbana r All?
#LouisVuitton4All.  I hope that catches on
They do
Why stop at childcare?  Why not mandate a 2 story house, two cars, and restaurant subscriptions to all?
Raise your own children. Stop letting the government do everything for you.
I have no more $$ to give.
Hm.... how about no?
No, never. Move to France.
Ah yes, the anti-child contigent has arrived
Says the pro abortionist?
Your name is ChuckNASCAR. I'm not sure what else there is to say here.
I could be a team owner & be a bazillionaire, your assumptions make you look silly.
It's funny that you say that while assuming I'm somehow pro-abortionist so you then have an excuse to post your creepy misogynistic meme
That meme is 100% accurate.
So you're not really pro-life, you're just pro-birth. 100% accurate.
Every family has access, you just have to pay more for quality care. It's the parent's responsibility.
You bet! And we should all have access to quality healthcare too.
Do we all get access to Senate level care programs?   Patty would you support that and fun that without raising taxes?
#MedicareForAll
How will #ChildCare4All be paid for?  GOV already abuses taxpayers $$$
who will pay for it?
Gubment
Why stop there? Quality healthcare that can include childcare for all. Show your support for @SenSanders 'Medicare for All' bill.
Isn't that what SSHIP already does?
What do we do if we think that Government should stay out of our lives?
