America has long been a place of safety for people around the world fleeing religious, political, and gender-based persecution and violence.
So much of what makes America great is our diversity.
I urge this Administration to work to further our national security, not merely target individuals based on their religion or nationality.
thank you Patty, now form a plan and act effectively, block nominations, investigate ties, win senate, impeach!
That immigration executive order violated the Constitution. He should be impeached.
there are numerous Muslim countries who could help them! It is a big world, so why always the west!
@AuroraBlogspot
what????
Daarbij gaat het om de islamitische landen waarvan de inwoners de VS niet meer in mogen.
who is he to judge? Ag nee that guy he will not be in that White House for very long.
Weet ik niet, dat zou je even moeten nakijken via Google.
Ok now I am laughing!
stop talking, start doing. Share the democrats plan of action of be prepared for the rise of a viable 3rd party.
Thank you @PattyMurray - please continue to oppose this!
thank you for standing with immigrants and refugees. #NoMuslimBan #standwithrefugees #standwithimmigrants
Thank you. Democrats must unite and stop this shameful madness.
Push on the doors of China that has entire vacant cities for masses of humanity; sheltered, not Tents!
WTF You're voting for these idiots.
ThANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR VIGILANCE ON ALL THINGS HAPPENING NOW.
Start impeachment proceedings NOW!
your bought and paid for by special interest groups i.e. Boeing, Microsoft , Amazon, Expedia. You should be ashamed.
Fight hard to end this horrific ban.  I appreciate all you do for us.  Do all you can to get the Senate moving on this.
Thank you for speaking out.  Please follow up with whatever is within your power to fight against President Trump's tyranny.
keep fighting tooth & nail #StopPresidentBannon
but in 2011 it was different right? http://thefederalist.com/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-stopped-processing-iraq-refugee-requests-for-6-months-in-2011/ …
Thank you for your good work. Please continue to fight for what you and we know is right. We need you!
Tell the truth Patty! False & Fake @VivaLaAmes @TruthFeedNews @LeahRBoss @nia4_trump @veganvecoh @BreitbartNews @VivaLaAmes
DO something! Not just words - though these are a good start.
@alybee930 Will the Democrats pursue legal actions against these executive orders? They should.
I believe the ACLU may be pursuing legal action. Hope Dems will do something as well
ACLU lawyers currently deployed, but this is massive. Dems in Congress also need to mount aggressive legal actions.
We're with you. Now stand up to this administration. Deny his cabinet picks. Lead by example. Be courageous or be complicit.
thank you for speaking out against this un-American ban!
Thank you for your statements of opposition. Please work to oppose the administration at every turn.
Patty I am behind you! Let's work to make sure this type of action can't happen here and keep fighting!
This man is ruining our country, along with the people operating behind him.  Impeach, block, stop this tyrant!
Why is @SenGillibrand the only Democratic senator the only Senator to refuse everyone one of Trump's  nominations?
Thank you for speaking out. Let's do more!
Thank you, Senator Murray.
It is time to obstruct. Trump is a figure head for Bannon. #resist
how can we stop this horrendous behavior
what are you going to do about it?  We need action from our leaders to oppose these dangerous and inhuman policies.  Please.
.@PattyMurray @CNN @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump If it's truly about banning potential terrorists, why not include Saudi Arabia?follow the $$
help us Patti we are in such perilous times!
@ConnieKOMO oh brother.   Look at the pictures, few are women and children.
Thank you for being my senator. When I was in 4th grade, I memorized your name for a social studies quiz. 20 years later ...
... I am proud that you (still) represent me!
filibuster every vote. EVERY VOTE. That is THE LEAST you can do, ma'am. This man is trying to DESTROY our democracy!
.@PattyMurray What will we do about the economic cost to the effected? Homes=mortgages, businesses=loans.
get loud and get serious about this. We elected you again and expect your to organize the battle of this dictatorship!!
I am ashamed!
keep fighting.
 We need you!
We're counting on you. Don't let us down.
So how will YOU be fighting this? What actions will you take? #actionspeakslouder
@Varidienne We already know this. Why don't you organize the Senate to withhold consent? We are tired of empty words.
Thank you for standing up for the basic tenets upon which our country was formed.
Keep up the good fight and know we are behind you 100% here in our WA!!
@Varidienne trump needs s psych ward badly
Expel Trumps wife for being illegal ! Request all papers and drag it out for years that she is an illegal alien!
She's be way happier to get away from this goon.
@kak089 When will there be an investigation into the Russian influence on this election/bloodless coup?  We demand one.  Now.
@Varidienne
And their blood will be on Trump's head if they did.
"Many"? Many as in young adult males. Pandering again. #SoUseless
Yes he did. Now speak up! Fight! Do something about it.
Obama did the same thing to Iraqi refugees in 2011. Were you outraged then or just not to pander?
.@PattyMurray What was your position when President Obama suspended Iraqi refugee applications for 6-months (versus 90-days)?
when do you put the safety of America first over the safety of others especially when America pays you to look out for us?
Patty quit your crying and get over it!
and voting to confirm any of his cabinet nominees will do nothing to change this trend. You buy nothing. NO on all of them.
Block him.  We're counting on you.
I'm a constituent. I want to see VOCAL opposition from those who represent me in Washington.
Why should the American people keep footing the bill for these people they hate us and refuse to assimilate. Trump 2017
stop urging. Start filibustering. We're going to start shutting down your offices in WA until you do
Washingtonians are watching & voting. Support freedom & the American way, not trump phobias & insanity.
Please do all you can to stop this madness. Our country was started by immigrants. It's what makes us US. I'm so ashamed.
What can we as citizens do to help? What will prove most effective?
Fight him in every way every day. It's your only job now.
please let us know what we can do to help stop this. This is insanity. How can we help?
Stop voting for his cabinet picks! Seriously...
: Much like you slammed the door on sick people who can't afford their medicine.
enough urging. Do your job.
Thanks for speaking out.
Please do more than just tweet. I voted for you for a reason. You get things done so GET TO IT!!!!
this is a lie no door slamming safety first and foremost the picture I have seen are most young man!
What do you propose to do about it? Tweet?
Great words! Now do something _past_ words. Withhold consent. Lead a march to the White House. File 4 impeachment. Something.
Question is...What will senate dems do about it?
Impeach this man. He is not thinking about all ramifications of his dictatorial executive orders. I am beginning to feel PTSD!
So what are you going to do about it?  Fight Back! Do not be silent!  -- 98115
...and tell us in Seattle what we can do to be effective against this ban.
another one of your constituents here. We don't need statements. We need gloves off resistance in congress. Resist!
, I support you as my senator and look to you to keep the exec. branch in check!
we are relying on you and @SenatorCantwell to help bring sense to this madness in DC.
You are responsible because you voted for his nominees!!! Don't try to say you did not know!!!
violence financed by the Democrats. remember  https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/01/jewish-refugees-in-the-us/514742/ …
please work to open it.
I agree, Sen. Murray! What legal action have you and @SenateDems taken in response to the #Muslimban EO?
@nawlinsred2010 DEMS SHOULD SLAM THE DOOR ON THE GOP. STOP PLAYING NICE . LOOK WHAT THAT GOT US!  IMPEACH THIS NUTBAG.
and what will the dems be doing about it? He is insane, why are you not stopping him!?
We must resist tyranny in all its forms #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall
I'm sickened by what has been done. We as a nation will feel the same of this for a very long time.
I have ALWAYS been a big fan of yours but your votes recently have been very disappointing. STOP APPROVING HIS PICKS!!!
this cannot happen,  what is Congress doing to stop this maniac
@igorvolsky then do something! He's acting and everyone else is talking. ACT! Don't approve cabinet picks!!!
@mattmfm WHERE IS CONGRESS?
@Tommy8668 JUST SAY NO 2 EVERYTHING TRUMP!!!
@igorvolsky What can Congress do besides impeach Trump? He's done so much damage. 70% of Amer. want to accept vetted refugees.
I'm about done with tweet politicians, are you reading the replies? Please respond to our valid concerns you have our support.
pushing us closer to war.
 @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP stop him? #Amendment25 Article 4.
Beyond violating our American values, the POTUS order on travel to US makes us more unsafe. #muslimban #resist
You're preaching to the choir. Stop approving unqualified cabinet picks. Time for hard ball. "Urging" won't cut it. #Action
what can congress do to keep him in check?
Now what are you going to do about it? This requires wolves not sheep.
@mattmfm Well, what are you and rest of Congress doing about it today?
@loserboy Then you, and the rest of the Congress, should be flooding the airwaves  and Sunday shows with opposition. Stop this.
thank you for supporting our American values! Please fight every order every day! America needs you!
Please reach across the isle and fight hard for them. We are better than this, aren't we?
thank you. Get this message on television, on the radio and in front of all Americans. We cannot stand idle as Trump acts.
@igorvolsky so something about ir
@twoosheds He's not listening & he doesn't care.
good not my problem
And what do you plan to do about it? How will you challenge this?
@igorvolsky 
But he thinks it's the way to MAKE THE COUNTRY BIG.
dems are finally trying to fine their voice!!
.@PattyMurray Didn't you VOTE Mad Dog Mattis in, Senator? Wasn't that Mattis at #Trump's shoulder when he SIGNED Muslim ban? TRY HARDER!
we need you to act. what are you going to do?
@igorvolsky I'm glad I clicked on the tweet to see it was a thread. As a constituent I want a hard stop on all things Trump
@igorvolsky Retweet if your ancestors were immigrants!!!
Stop working with Trump.  Vote no on his unqualified nominees, force cloture on every issue, slow this train wreck down.
how about you all grow a spine and challenge him legally, rather than on twitter, cool?
@igorvolsky stop tweeting do something!!!
@igorvolsky he's blocked men who helped OUR TROOPS as translators! Men who stood up to the oppressors. THIS IS UN-AMERICAN
can Senate and/or Congress overrule?
@igorvolsky no dangerous refugees!! #thisisnotmyAmerica #shameful
@igorvolsky SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO!? Stop tweeting and resist.
Yes. When will the Senate take legislative action to stop him?
SO DO SOMETHING!!!  Quit just posting about it.
@lori_hanaway stay strong Senator. You have more power than you know
He's MASA. Making America Safe Again. Leave him alone.
Insane
, this is disingenuous, and you know it. This isn't even a half-truth.
Yep. Nothing you can do about it either. Protect America first!
@realDonaldTrump insane clown and his posse have stomped on the heart of Christian values.
Keep speaking out!
.@PattyMurray What will you be doing with .@SenatorCantwell & .@RepDerekKilmer to fix what POTUS is doing to the USA? #RepealAndReplaceTRUMP
obstruct, withhold consent - you will be supported!
Please, cloture all Trump initiatives. I support you. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2017/01/27/democrats-in-congress-can-block-trumps-agenda-if-they-want-to-heres-how/?postshare=991485546595031&tid=ss_tw-bottom&utm_term=.b7a2adf42ca5 …
@onewhistler Dems need to quit playing nice. Period.
#LOCKHIMUP #impeachTrumpnow #TrumpWasRaisedByWolves #EvilMonsterTrump
you're our voice to stop this atrocity. Needs to be overturned immediately. So many lives at stake.
We are better than this and we need leaders to stop his insanity.
Do something.
Congress needs to Act! Abuse of Power #ImpeachmentHearings This is NOT America #Fascism
I voted for you, stop approving his cabinet picks then
Yes Senator. Dems ready file charges Unconstitutionality?Election fraud?Treason? Republican lawyers always ready.
Please fight for these folks Senator Murray, America is about freedom
And at least in Syria, he's going to let his friend Putin finish the job of destruction.
He's also targeting immigrants already in this country legally, including people who live in WA. Please fight for them.
#stoptrump
#NotBanningMuslims
please fight back. We are better than this.
please block all nominations until it’s lifted, signed a constituent of the state of WA
Exec Orders don't have force of law. His "directive" to fed agents to deputize local law enforcement contradicts state laws.
and how does approving his cabinet picks play into fighting against him?
Then why did you vote to approve Gen John Kelly?
@lafloran DO SOMETHING!!!
Please fight against evil and tryanny! I have always believed in you. Fight! Find a way! Do something. Your country needs you!
Please don't be the bigger person here. Sabotage this orange menace in every way possible.
we find this beyond unacceptable.  Please continue to resist persecution based on religious affiliation or ethnicity


please please stand and fight. No Donald SCOTUS nominee!
Time for Senate/House Dems to stop cooperation while this policy holds.
The egg has spoken!
- use your vote to resist. Go on record, DO NOT stay silent. We are told vote is power, use yours!
Guess we shouldn't have armed ISIS and Hezbollah.
He's wrong! We know! Vote no on cabinet picks!
Why are Trump's cabinet nominees sailing through confirmation with so many Democratic votes? What has bought the acquiescence?
Fear, don't want to get on his blacklist I imagine.
Fight back!
this man is an insane narcissist @realDonaldTrump needs to be reminded what our constitution is and of peoples rights STOP HIM
this binding of church and state cannot possibly be constitutional.
must we all be "Christians" now? Is America dead? Congress? Supreme Court? Is anyone even there?
violence which the US government is complicit in causing directly and indirectly
...And on the same day they're marching for embryos. Quite honestly, it's hard to comprehend.
Please @PattyMurray, understand that approving his cabinet picks is enabling and supporting this.
Fight against this. Stop voting for his cabinet picks!
Senator, CONGRESS can override his lunatic activities.  All the rest of us can do is march and phone.
and give Liz Warren and Amy Klobuchar a call, eh?
like I care when their presence is taken food and housing away from Americans seriously ill
can you be more specific? Not sure what you mean.
I'd theft license theft passport theft there is a organized Isis here since 1997 and you report it it is ignored loans busine
I'm sorry. I don't understand your tweet. Can you clarify?
This America first philosophy will come back to haunt us one day
please stop approving his cabinet picks! It is time to be bold and fight!!!
i would like to register my standing opposition to anything Donald Trump wants to do.
How are we going to stop him?
