Molon Labe #MakeWAGreatAgain
What loop hole?   Automatic weapons are illegal already.  Geez learn what guns are first
Meanwhile our state is trying to push legislature through that bans "military style weapons" that include most handguns.
Let's start by media and authorities getting their stories straight! Ask the victims. There was more than one shooter!
Senator what about getting the kkk and white supremacist out of our Police forces, the judicial system and back on the Terrorist list?
The democrats coddle criminals at every turn and then wonder what happened every time a major crime event occurs! Lock them up!
I'm glad there might be something but it is truly the least that could be done. I know you and Sen @MariaCantwell  would like to do more.
#CriminalControl would be a good start! You know, enforce laws! Start fighting for law abiding citizens before criminals! It's a concept!
Exactly!!  How about some #criminalcontrol ?!
Start with getting rid of NRA.
Oh please, how are you going to check out all the nut cases
Get gun control up for a vote but at the same time, single payer for mental health, PTSD help is needed
How about you not politicize this tragedy. We don’t need rash, worthless legislation, for a minor “toy”.
We can vote senseless Senators living in fantasyland out of office. Violence is a people issue not a gun issue. And U FAIL on people issues.
Instead of letting this lone gunman ruse be the focus of everyone's attn. please get us autopsy reports! Then find motive for true events!
@PattyMurray Why don't you stop the continued debt? You need to worry about the damage YOU have already done to this nation...
Fingers crossed this kind of effort will be repeated until it finally works! #GoAwayNRA!!!
What about the truth from LV investigation before a gun debate?
You've got my support. Would love to get rid of all of them!
The POTUS & CONGRESS Job Is To Protect Americans from GUN VIOLENCE! ! They Aren't Doing Their JOB. ..FIRE THEM
Automatic firearms are NOT illegal, expensive, hard to qualify to own, NOT illegal. Fearmongering doesn't help!
Do something! The cry of ignorance. Tell me what you can do WITHOUT infringing the law abiding citizen!
You've already trampled on our 2nd Amendment's rights enough!
Senator, 4 four years the Dems've controlled both houses& theWH, where wereUback then?Did U've change of heart?Have intigrity.We'll remember
Why I don't vote for Washington's two senators. To deep into establishment politics of the left. Would sell out America for their agenda
*too
Well, Senator, how did you vote to allow bump stocks? They became legal under Obama admin Congress. What's your record on it?
Knee jerk reaction that is using a tragedy to move your agenda forward.
not enough, but yes, do something, please!!!!!! it's a start!
Needing to do "something" without a clear path forward has generally lead to some of the darker days of human history.
"Anything"? Seriously, this is what you have to offer? A sitting US Senator, all you have is useless pandering pablum? #ThereTooLong
Let us know when your colleagues and you are serious. If  the massacre of 5 & 6 yr olds didn’t do the trick this won’t either! #termlimits
Maybe you could start by letting us know what you call common sense gun control.
Right now unless you can implement mind control you can do nothing, And I can do something vote you out for stupidity!
Murder is already against the law.
Nothing is not an option!
Laws are already in the books which keep people from killing. We need strict enforcement.  The Ten Commandments, followed, stop killing.
Thank goodness....we will never have mass murder now that bump stock is gonna be outlawed! 
Phew! Hard work ...call it a year.
The proliferation of guns/rifles in this country is incredible. Now with adverts. For silencers, "bump stocks", armor piercing ammo=criminal
You have my full support. I am proud to live in Washington! Thank you.
Your party allowed bump stocks that you now want baned typical
Deaths from firearms in US since 2001 (not incl terror-related shootings): 541,498
 
From terrorism: 3,192
We must stop electing anyone with "can't" in their vocabulary...which means we need more women in office.
DO SOMETHING! #ZIP98105
History shows what happen when you "curb common sense" gun laws. Adolf Hitler banned guns from citizens, Results were genocide of millions.
When will the Democratic Party realize that you can't legislate your way out of a problem? In Europe trucks,bombs used for mass killings
Gun ownership is banned. Which will embolden criminals and terrorist. Know anyone which intends to do harm follow the law?
I vote "do something"! We've already tried nothing. #VoteDem
THANK YOU.
Determine the causes first, enacting gun laws only addresses the symptom
Another law that will do the trick what an idiot
Prosecute domestic violence.
Like what ? Please list how this works ..
If you truly cared about life, you would go after what takes the most, not what you don't understand and are scared of.

lets penalize all drivers for the actions of a few, limit speed to 45mph, no driving at night, 25yrs old to get a license, no big engines
The people of Washington State back you.
Require liability insurance, free market will take it from there
RT this if you think @PattyMurray and #Congress should be put into #Obamacare
Please back Schiff-Blumenthal liability legislation.
But your for killing 100,000 baby's a year.

What would that be? Socialism? Communism? When you people and celebrities give up armed security then we'll discuss it.
Ignorant Patty:  Gun DON'T kill people - People KILL people!  The BAD guy will ALWAYS have GUNS! Anti-gun only affects law-abiding people!
I want to be protected from gun owners.  Keep them at home!
Instill family values, good principles, and most importantly faith in God in the minds of our children. Starts at home!
I choose better senators to repeal WA state
You have this voters support
Please help @RepCurbelo with this small victory to ban bump stocks. Practice working together again, @PattyMurray & @NancyPelosi . Unity!
HOA/COA Homeowners experience violence every day. They’re abused & you look the other way. Help fight to keep families in their homes.
What about climate change?
Too bad what the Obama administration chose to do was approve bump stocks for use. Don’t think that was a choice in the right direction.

there is no "we" in this. Time to put the true blame for out of control gun situation where it belongs.

Very lame attempt at defecting. What is your recommendations to reduce deaths and injuries from firearms? Waiting!
That's what we keep asking Chicago....It starts with creating family values in  the homes of lazy and entitled parents and bring God back.
That is true. What is your proposal?
Find out when their re-elections r up & vote them out! EXPOSE their dirty secrets. If anyone ou there has into & proof on them RELEASE PLZ!
