I am just sick about how many elected people who are saddists and has pleasure in hurting others.
According to their own statistics about 80 % of their expenditures go for contraception and STD detection 3% abortion. Was the 3% worth it?
Nice!!!
There you voters go your losing funds for birth control ,educating young girls sick T republicans
Yes!!
@SenMikePence May God bestow upon the VP many a healthy and pregnant out of wedlock granddaughters and at least one blessed transgender too.
I think crisis preganancy centers, which help wimen keep their babies, get funding.  Whst do yiu think?
I'm so happy for this
he really would be more comfortable in a country like Saudi Arabia...
That's great
They need to be privately funded!
You do know ,if allowed, these people in the WH, will do as much as they can to destroy US(A) before they are asked to leave. ASK THEM SOON.
Women are smart enough to plan their own damn family without government involvement. Have sex don't have sex, make the guy wear a condom....
If he won't then don't have sex with him...  Unless you believe women can't do this w/o the government.... Is that what ur eluding to?
You misspelled "abortion clinics."
@MikePenceVP  Maybe @realDonaldTrump isn't the one we need to get rid of first, eh Mike?
Pence is a hypocrite and anti woman and is afraid of his penis
Translation: federal tax $ won't b funding abortions. The Senator assumes ppl have no sense of personal responsibility.
Hmmm.. guess we know who to vote for.
How does St Pence reconcile this crap w/ his superior morals? This admin is the richest, most conflicted, least transparent in living memory
He makes me sick. He was a horrible governor of IN, & now he's a horrible vp.
Filibuster #SCOTUS #StopGorsuch
the idea is to get a job & pay for your own birth control. I did (it wasn't always an entitlement). Nothing sexist about that.
@Tommy8668 PENCE IS LUCIFER IN THE FLESH. .AGAIN making VERY BAD DECISIONS
When the trials are all said and done, the Civil Assets of Trump's cabinet and camp followers may help pay for a number of good causes.
I wish Twitter had a "makes me mad" button!
All this does is penalize disadvantaged women's access to such services - people in most need
planned parenthood helps you plan a family?  Odd
Men deciding on women's choices... when oh when will this madness stop. I think they fear women!!
well since they werent family planning but baby killing centers good for them hitlers former allies pp done shows crime does not pay
The media does NOT get enough of the important info out to the people!
We will NEVER FORGET this creeps egregious nefarious actions! The whitler haus cabal must fail and fall!& yes, I am one angry American!
Disgusting
#Shameful
You are a senator. Deal with PP in your state.
@mike_pence  That is because our VP is a hypocrite and he sided with the insane #fakepresident
The poor people need better representation in Washington this bunch of GOP suck needs to be the last time they control bills.
@VP why do you hate the planet and families so much? Did you need more hugs as a child?
Will all these who oppose PP adopt unwanted children or pay for women's care out of their own pockets? I don't think so.
NEVER FORGET
Friggin old men.
These bastards are evil.  No regard for poor & middle class. I suppose Pence's wife kept her legs crossed? BS
Taking away money that uses tax payers money for abortions is not okay to do. If they want to kill their baby they should pay for it!!
Deny low income women basic health care!! Real smart. The DEATH of a NATION. Gangsters all!!
We must vote them out of office. What in the world is wrong with them?
Not surprising...he's anti abortion but doesn't mind killing women. Another fake Christian.
Again a male makes the fatal decision over women's health for the sake of a few . 
@VP a man afraid to be alone with women
Remember that one Democrats.
Everyone has ins, so why fund a health care facility??
Well PP refused to stop performing abortions what did they think that the gop was going to keep funding them?
"Christian" Taliban... that's what he and his ilk are 
These r the same centers my republican congresswoman told me we should rely on when she told me she didn't like PP I'm feeling betrayed
NO!
MEN IN GOVERNMENT DO NOT GET TO DECIDE WHERE WOMEN GET THEIR HEALTHCARE
this will hurt women, children & families 
#VoteGOPOut
@Trump_Regrets @realDonaldTrump ANOTHER LOSS for the poor/middle class by Trump
