Today's vote was just to proceed for a debate on healthcare no vote on healthcare today people in this thread seem confused by this ??
Remember when you supported "we have to sign it to find out what's in it"? I do. Keep your plan, keep your doctor. You should not be exempt.
Millions lost their insurance to get this mess started in the first place it was a single-payer scam from the start
The democrats started this mess stop laying blame on trump that wont fly
OWN THIS MESS YOU CREATED
Dems& GOP both R stupid& foolish. Back 2009, Dems didn't outreach2 GOP&  Pelosi said "Pass it & then Read it". We citizen R paying the price
Then simply vote No. Any Senator who votes yes should be immediately removed for their reckless behavior and dereliction of duty.
Voting no is a dereliction of duty! Allowing debate is how it's supposed to work! Her job is to argue the +! #RepealAndReplace!add amendment
A civics lesson on regular order would be awesome after the last 8yrs of ram it down our throats!
Tell that to the Republicans who are circumventing every single standard on congressional bills.

Every. Single. One.
I stand with you on voting no on whatever this “bill”is that is being voted on today. Those Senators that vote yes w/o seeing bill 1st, OUT
There was no vote on HC bill today just vote to proceed to a debate on hcare????? Now they debate
Sadly, neither do they. They just care that it will get rid of the black man's legacy & don't care how many die to do it. Money over morals
Two wrong don't make it right. Most politicien including U became SUPER RICH ON OUR DIME. We were sold cheap!! Shame on U &the rest. Shame
It's called legislating, Senator.  Why are you afraid of it.
I wish we could take away your health care and then see what you'd call it.
It would be nice to see Senators of both parties legislate.  She voted against doing her job.  But her entire career has been useless.
Are you serious you don't even know wow this is nothing more than just a motion to proceed. I can't believe you don't know that , more BS
Maybe if you and other Dems had worked with the GOP, you might have had a better outcome.
Praying for all of you!!
JUST b rest ASSURED that GOD ALMIGHTY has HIS PEOPLE COVERED UNDER HIS BLOOD. He WILL PROTECT US FROM THE ENEMY/ TRUMP. PRAYER is POWER.
GOD'S word say that, PRAYER of A RIGHTEOUS MAN, AVAILETH MUCH. CAST ALL OUR CARES AND WORRIES ON GOD, FOR HE WILL BEAR THEM  (ALL).WTCH OUT
IF UR HEART and SOUL ain't ALIGNED with GOD'S WILL and PURPOSE for his PEOPLE, then EXPECT GOD TO DEAL WITH U TRMP,,GOD HOLDS THE POWER. YES
Your angry jabs at republicans are so hollow. Stand for something for once! Single payer healthcare for all NOW!
So don't let them. You're our voice, is taking too long
Do your best @PattyMurray . We count on you! #MyFamilyMemberDependsOnMedicaid
Truly disgusted with all of these idiots
Kinda like your colleague saying we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it....
IT'S OKAY, GOD ALMIGHTY HAS WE THE PEOPLE COVERED. Y u think that NOTHING is going RIGHT with TRMP, HIS HEART/INTENTIONS AIN'T RIGHT.
It'll be just like when you voted to pass Obamacare. I know you can blindly vote for something Patty!!
It's quite clear to me government has no business in the health care industry.
That's because today's vote is only a vote to proceed with debate on the Bill. You should know this, right?
Kinda reminds one of the Dems and Obamacare
Remember to have dinner and drinks with all of your GOP colleagues afterwards!
And Big Pharma and Health Care lobbyists too!...Bought and paid for...
what house representatives are not listening to washingtonians. please CALL THEM OUT SO we can fight with you!
You should be getting in there and kicking GOP ass
BREAKING: GOP is proceeding on Trumpcare. Next is a final vote. Ask your friends to call on their GOP senators to vote NO!
Why'd you vote no on debating the Healthcare bill? Yesterday you were saying you wanted debate yet today you don't. Flip flop Patty. #MAGA
we have a failed plan now. Is it really that difficult to  just pitch in and help? Or is the only ambition (of either party) to bicker?
Same thing done by the Dumbocrats 7 years ago.
So why do you say it's awful, because it's conservative? Grow up
Resistance,  obstruction and retaining status quo do not constitute vision or strategy Lyin' Patty.Do ur job and debate the bill. No guts.
Lyin' Patty has no vision for health care,  1/6th of our economy.  Her's is do nothing and keep Obamacare. No guts to tackle even a debate.
@PattyMurray at least be honest with your tweets! If you truly wanted to fix #obamacare you would vote yes and help amend it!
#RepealObamacare #RepealObamacare #RepealObamacare !!!!!
@TheDemocrats want to prevent any debate of Obamacare because it will reveal to all American where it is failing.
Vote to take it to conference and make it better! Single payer that you would push is wrong and un-American! We need less govt control!
Thanks for continuing the fight for us!
Sounds just like the NIGHT Obamacare was passed by all Democrats.
Guess you'll have to pass the bill to know what's in it, right Patty?
Don't repeal #ACA.
We must remove the cancer to bring Democracy back. 
#RepealAndReplaceTrump 
American lives are not toys to be tossed aside
Trump is insane
And the ignorance of people like you, is even more insane!
So we can expect a yes from you?
hoping @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins will join you in finding a solution, not pulling the rug out from 22M Americans

This morning, @SenateMajLdr informed me that the plan for today is to take up the 2015 clean repeal bill as I've urged.
That doesn't fit her narrative...Mean GOP pushing Trumpcare sounds so much better to make her look good...
PLEASE stop them!
@RandPaul we hear you're caving  will vote yes on this bill you don't have enough information on to vote! What the hell is wrong with you?
Thank you for all you're doing to save us from #trumpcare !
The Republicans only care about destruction, not governing.
Please stay strong Senator Murray. Fight for us. Fight hard.
Like everything under trump no direction
Fight fight fight!!!!
This is the most terrifying period in recent memory for our citizens. When you feel that the majority is literally out to harm you. 
Thank you as always for your leadership! I'm glad to have you there representing Washingtonians! #KillTheBill

Hard to hear McConnel lie on the floor of the Senate. Thank you for everything you are doing to help protect American from this cruel bill.
Can you tell me what's cruel about it?
thank you for your leadership, senator Murray
Thank you for your service.. passing this no-thing Bill would surely be stupid, telling GOP that we are watching them, fix it, don't nix it
Sorry this isn't a socialist country, if you want to live somewhere that gives you handouts for nothing...move!
Stand strong Senator Murray. Encourage those GOP senators on the edge to do the right thing. Thank you for your tireless work.
Maybe you should go find a safe space. Waaaaaaahhhhh. I need my pacifier.
Now is your chance.  You wanted to fix Your Obamacare, vote yes on replacement bill today.
@KaivanShroff #VoteNo
Resist.  It's the only sane thing to do in this insane process.
Ridiculous! Thank you for your work to stop this mess.
Please vote NO until you have full disclosure and input.
Thank you for voting No!!
tit for tat Patty.Your Party said vote first read later remember? Then Demos stuck it to the taxpayer.

Really I would just like everyone to at least be able to read the bill before there is a vote.
Obama did not personally WRITE the ACA. So let's stop acting like it isn't a big moneymaker for Med industry. #RepealObamacare
#RepealObamacare
Please #Resist!
Personally, I would start with those that put us $22 TRILLION in debt...Murray & Cantwell are at the top of that list...
How can this be legal? Seriously. You are lawmakers, why haven't you fixed it so there is a long mandatory review period? #MakeBetterLaw
Because they do the same thing, or worse, when they have the majority...Does "We have to pass it to see what's in it" ring any bells?...
Unhurtle - dump this attempt to scam the American public just like the rest.
I called Rubio and told him to vote NO. I know Bill Nelson will put people first and do the right thing.
Just say NO to thugs!
Don't let Trump and his pay-to-play pals bully this through just so he can say he won something. #SadDayInAmerica
WE don't know?  THEY DONT EVEN KNOW!  It's a surprise pkg without ribbons, bows and glitter.
you dont know whats in the bill but you already know it's awful? are you a psychic or do you hate everyone with different political ideas?
Stay strong !

Not gonna bail out INSURANCE CO... I hope.
But you do know is that whomever votes for it loses votes, short term, and confidence in the long term. Winning at all costs = bankruptcy.
Awful!  Keep fighting for what's right, Senator!
I feel so helpless  @GOP is just plain mean with this one. Please keep fighting Senator!
#FireMcConnell
How is this allowed to happen? Educated people being treated like sheep. Are we not better than this?
hang in there Patty -- thank you for your honor, your strength & your deep commitment to community-minded  righteous action.
And your duty and responsibility to America should be clear. Keep fighting.
Constituent from Bellevue here: Will you be voting NO?
This should be illegal
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
Get Senator Schumer to jabber on while you take time to read the bill. Better yet, just vote nope, DC is done trying to run healthcare.
Isn't their some arcane, procedural rule you Dems can whip out to stop this train wreck? Wishful thinking...
They created this both with Obamacare and the nuclear option...And now they cry about it being used against them...
When Bush left office, gas was $4 a gallon. Of course, Obama gets no credit for them getting to the $2 range, Trump?
http://americanpresidentdonaldj-trump.com/index.php/2017/07/25/trump-sets-12-year-low-schumer-and-company-drop-ridiculous-response/ …
Trump Just Stimulated the American Oil And Gas Industry With 1 Stroke of the Pen
http://americanpresidentdonaldj-trump.com/index.php/2017/07/25/trump-just-stimulated-the-american-oil-and-gas-industry-with-1-stroke-of-the-pen/ …
It didn't take long after the unveiling of the Democrats new slogan fora Republican super PACto hit Nancy Pelosi..
http://americanpresidentdonaldj-trump.com/index.php/2017/07/25/watch-republican-super-pac-just-nuked-pelosi-with-this-surprise-attack-ad/ …
传真你们国会：要求撤走人员：要求签证：要求解散公民党：要求审查和胡春华要好的美国人
Isn't it the one that promises low cost, full coverage, and free cake?
The cake is a lie.
Elections have consequences
