Please don't let them!  you Patty
@PattyMurray  - these two republicans are real D-Bags.
Senator Murray, what are you doing on our behalf to make sure this doesn't pass?
Unbelievable they're going to hurt all Americans & hurt rural commodities where hospitals are the #1 employer to get Trump 'a win'.
Put the Republicans on it
Put it on the Republicans. Make all who vote for this bill live with it. Keep OBAMACARE intact for Americans until an actual replacement.
Thank you, Senator. #VoteNo
Lets wait until ObamaCare 2 get so expensive no one can afford it then wait for D's to win congress to give us single payer. How do you win
What happened to working together? Didn't you have anything good to add? Oboma care is dead. Kind of like Hillary lost. GET OVER IT!!!!
If it passes file a bill to refund all SS/Medicare $ to those of us who die b/4 we collect because our insurance was cancelled #micropoetry
and we are to believe that the Murray Alexander plan wouldn't be a debacle?  We arent that gullible Patty, you own the ACA's failure.
any female with that hair style is clearly out of touch
You all could Care LESS for the American People... The Real work force in America  Ooooh Save OUR jobs jobs jobs. How about DOING your JOB!
SHAME on you Lindsey Graham! This attempt will RUIN you politically.
Outrage, fury, boiling mad Repblicans will be the end of many people
Please keep fighting for us and what is right!!
GOP does not recognize they are jeopardizing their seats coming vacant by trying to ram (a no sense bill) through just to say they did.
So angry that GOP shut down the work you've been doing for an ACA strengthening bill, bipartisan no less! Keep fighting for us all 
@SenJohnMcCain America deserves better #VoteNo #rushjob
REPEAL obamacare completely
if they do it's suicide for their party.
Bad News for women!
And what do dems offer?  Massive deficits and taking away private coverage working class earned.
Still quiet about the 700 billion military spending package. Absolutely a shame.
This #rushjob is #wrong
Then YOU need to get on the stick and talk to your GOP friends in the Senate...you know the ones you have dinner and drinks with!!!!
SUPPORT  SINGLE  PAYER
Whats going on with the bipartisan hearings? Word is theyre on hold so GOP can push Graham bill. Please say it aint so?
Why aren't you backing the Medicare for All plan? I'm a constituent and I will remember
Same with Cantwell!!!!
Keep fighting for us! Thanks, A Vet.
Keep fighting for us. #SaveACA
How much is that fucking twat Graham getting paid for his noble stewardship??? Tweet that.
The GOP and the insurance industry is literally a vicious enemy to the people of the USA. There is special place in hell for these people.

Stop it in its tracks! Withhold consent!
I want a country where it's hard to get a gun, and easy to get health insurance! Is that so much to ask? #GrahamCassidyBill
Thank you for voting against it!
Your right. We still need full repeal and replace!
Thank you, @PattyMurray for fighting against GOP repeal efforts.
The Disaster known as Obamacare must be Destroyed!
Please keep fighting for us.
No way to fix failing ACA-insurers drop like flies, no one can afford their premiums& deductibles.And Single payer is NOT the answer!
Dems' ACA is a huge entitlement program at the expense of the middle class who cannot afford their own care now & Dems don't care at all.
Pls do t let it happen #KeepKidsCovered
Y isn't crossing state lines for insurance being considered?  Listen to Sen Paul
i hope so....
Use every means possible to stop this bill! Fix don't replace.
time to back single payer system.....get on the right side of history #senator Murray ..hear your people, not big pharma
jam it thru.  p o the DEMS.
Why aren't you supporting @SenSanders #MedicareForAll? It polls at 60%. Do what the American People want, not the insurance industry!!!!
Honestly, my healthcare package was FAR worse after Obamacare passed, & I'm by no means rich.
as a result, though theoretically Dems hit all my soft spots on caring for the indigent, my real experience as a doctor&patient
-- as a patient, comparing what I have witnessed as a doctor serving the underserved in a multifarious  setting, I have GREAT
I have GREAT difficulty connecting and attesting to the supposed improved access touted as Obamacare
I personally encountered far more previously unimaginable bureaucracy and vulnerability to abuses than ANY of the years before
SO I beg Democrats to hurry to make substantiatable improvements ASAP - it IS life & death if this is delayed for many
Let's put politics and partisanship behind us and put healthcare FIRST -- patients FIRST, shall we ?
Many dying needs this repeal to live.
Stop them in their tracks!!
Terrible!
This must be defeated it is still nothing short of Legislative Genocide against the American people to fund tax breaks for the wealthiest 1%
SUPPORT SINGLE PAYER OR BE VOTED OUT! #MedicareForAll STOP THINKING ABOUT YOUR DONORS! YOU GET FREE HEALTHCARE,WE DONT!
That fuking  sleazy little back stabbing  bassturd
Bunch of white guys trying to negate Black American POTUS. I am sorry, but it is as simple and as ugly as that. No other logic fits.
I sure hope you can influence friends and enemies
I am so ashamed of the People's Congress, abandoning the very people who sent them there
Obama care has failed cuz Dems can't pay 4 it - single payer can't pay for it so let ppl have control
Where's your new BFF Lamar Alexander on this, Patty??? Should we phone barrage him, too?
Graham spent so much time on TV knocking Tr*mp. Turns out @LindseyGrahamSC is just like him only worth a southern accent.
No on #CassidyGraham! TrumpCare by any other name is still TrumpCare & bad for the people. The Senate & House should get the same insurance!
Please don't let this happen 
#HellNo @LindseyGrahamSC
In Canada for 55yrs now we paid in our taxes according to income2 have healthcare for ALL. WHAT IS SO HARD WITH THAT? @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Do you want to be HEROS or not.
Republicans need to start representing the voters who put them there, not serving themselves!  No repeal!
Keep fighting Senator!  Let's save ACA and start moving to Medicare for All!
It's the most horrific version of Trumpcare yet!
Hey @GOP  So your going to kill some people needing healthcare (nursing home residents, etc.) to subsidize the rich.  SHAME on all of you.
Keep up the good fight Senator!
No thats graham care another obama care lite. Horrible. Strip it completely! Allow nation wide for competition, negotiate w/pharam no fines
I hate this bill and do all so will not get 60 votes to pass that is needed it worst than last one and tell all about it
Sounds like a great time to unveil the #medicareforall bill.  If it actually exists that is.
Let's hope!!
@marcorubio Vote no on Graham/Cassidy bill.Floridians hv bn devastated by Irma;don't take away r healthcare.
Thank you for fighting! Please delay! Don't let them pass this!
Sooo glad you represent Washington state. Thank you for standing up to this unpopular and uncompassionate ploy to strip away healthcare.
Keep your fingers crossed. ACA has honto go before it crashes
Debating it now and the Democrats are running out of time keep calling and writing for them to stop
I called your office, faxed you, emailed you! My daughter who has Crohn's Disease life is at stake. She's recovering from a bowel resection.
Do anything in your power to kill this thing.
Please don't let this happen.  A member of my family will surely die.
