In making women pay more for birth control, President Trump just rolled out a tax on women & families nationwide. https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/trump-administration-could-narrow-affordable-care-acts-contraception-mandate/2017/10/05/16139400-a9f0-11e7-92d1-58c702d2d975_story.html?utm_term=.f2a7c8f2c534 …
Since women having sex with men causes pregnancy, the sure way to prevent pregnancy is to stop having sex with males. Problem solved.
Way to 'grow' economy Jobs down first time in 7yrs, 24%US say country going right direction, yes! 24%! No social nets 4  bc no birthC?
How about women close there legs. Best birth control ever.
Proven.
Or become financially responsible for their actions.
$20 a month senator, cut back on lattes and nails and you don't need others' money.
How abt you zipping your pants. BC helps hormone deficiency it helps pcos it helps endometriosis not all abt making babies educate yourself
Some women get migraine that time of month due to increased hormones taking the pill regulates or stops the cycle and reduced migraines.
Women who are on birth control helps prevent Ovarian Cancer
Another way to keep us down.
Ladies we kno what we must do n 2020 esp th female nitwits who voted 4 hm n 2016 get hm out of th WH
What's next? If an employer is Jehovah Witness, will blood transfusions be denied? Christian Scientist, will surgeries be denied?
What is wrong with paying for something you need, it's like diaper for kids
Everything This Potus Has Done Is Backward
Since i am getting NO enjoyment from them having sex Why the hell should I pay 4 it ?
BOT! TAG UNDERNEATH, REPORT, BLOCK, DON'T RESPOND, DON'T RETWEET! ALWAYS CHECK 1st! Resistance must do due diligence to fight!
if woman where not so promiscuous they would not need #birthcontrol
Why are you so against taking $ out of their pockets? You have no problem taking $ out of mine. @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
Time for hetero women to say NO to sex until men realize that women's BC is in THEIR best interest.
Murray worries about birth control How about some worries and action on Obama Care.There are people who cannot afford insurance or penality
Thank you, Senstor, for always do no the right thing.
Population control is a government interest. Free birth control satisfies government interests. Unplanned pregnancies do not.
Does this mean that you'll start funding my condoms and Viagra as well?
America does not want to pay for people's birth control. I know this idea is a foreign concept to democrats but let them pay their own!!!
BOT! TAG UNDERNEATH, REPORT, BLOCK, DON'T RESPOND, DON'T RETWEET! ALWAYS CHECK 1st! Resistance must do due diligence to fight!
Ever tried abstinence as a birth control that works??
BOT! TAG UNDERNEATH, REPORT, BLOCK, DON'T RESPOND, DON'T RETWEET! ALWAYS CHECK 1st! Resistance must do due diligence to fight!
Yearly spending $
Latte's 1100.00
Cell 700.00
Fast Food 1200.00
Movies 1534.00

Going to Bar 150.00 weekend

BC 30.00 month
Do something about it....talk is cheap!
My disabled daughter is on birth control not to prevent pregnancy but for other medical reasons.  The moral argument about bc is BS!
Patty, the government paying for birth control steals $$$ from those who don’t need birth control. That’s robbery. Who are you kidding?
You keep bitching about this. Get the govt out of HC, problem solved!! No to single payer!
@realDonaldTrump showing his love for women
I would like to see a charge against a man for practicing sex without a condom. Jail time for guilt
It's also an unnecessary health care coverage
Dear earl...are you a virgin or just impotent
Birth control is a individual decision and an individual expense.
Fix this please
Oh I get it, so being financially secure being a woman is having other people pay for your stuff. Got it.
They don't have to work for a company that doesn't provide it then.  Stop
So now your worried about$$. How about this Obama Care nightmare you voted for
It was not a nightmare...it was a lovely http://dream.today  is a nightmare
An aspirin place firmly between the knees works great for birth control and they are cheap.
That is an old canard and not funny to anyone under 90.
Let #trump adopt the unwanted babies!
BC helps endometriosis pcos low estrogen levels even in teens who need BC to develop  Do some research before presuming only about sex
They are stripping womens healthcare away bit by bit. We are not 2nd class citizens we are American citizens and need to vote out these men
Patty does not care about Americans she only worries about illegal immigrants and dreamers check her tweets u will see
Rolled back history a bit too far also
So woman can run for president but are incapable of paying for birth control
RT IF #CONGRESS AND @PattyMurray SHOULD BE IN #OBAMACARE LIKE AMERICANS

Then go gratify yourself. It's not abt just preventing preg. It's used for other health issues. Mens testosterone supplements are covered
Only if you are a dumb woman; BC is cheap and I have data on the rankings. https://www.rxrankings.com/datatable/default/chart/LoSeasonique … also why should men pay for this?
Because without men, women don't need birth control.
Good idea Kate.. A fine way for you to improve the gene pool an save society $$. Brilliant!
No affordable birth control, no sex!
Who takes the money?  The government?
It's good there's a senator for women and a senator for men so you don't have to worry about men's issues....oh wair. What?  There's not?
Women have insurance and ALL our medical needs should be covered as yours are its not only abt preg. BC also used for other med conditions
Ok Patty why not just socialize everything all at once thats where your logic takes us. You should do the right thing and retire.
Yes. Please. Understand that if we are ever to dig out of this depraved #fascistic hole, #democratic #socialism is the best way forward.
Depraved Fascistic hole? They really did their work on you. You have been indoctrinated and brainwashed and socialism doesnt stay democratic
No. Lifetime of travel provided best examples. Multiple #social #democratic #republics succeed today. #US is source of negative #propaganda.
Consider fraud in #US, including #Gerrymandering, #CitizensUnited decision, corporate lobbies in #Congress & depletion of #VotingRightsAct.
Birth Control is about medically preventing an egg from becoming fertilized by sperm. Health & $$ security come from personal responsibility
Tax payer monies
I hope the Democrats have a great strategy to explain to people how abhorrent these decisions by GOP are and how women's rights are losing
All depends on who you vote for. We became comfortable, took our eyes off the ball and now this is what we ended up with....
BCP's are also used for treatment, not just birth control.
In which case they are covered as a medically necessary Rx.
What right do women have to other people' money?
Who says were not paying for  BC we pay our insurance just like you should we pay for prostate exams we don't need & BC helps other med cond
Not when the left uses it as code for "I want muh free abortion!"
Abortion is NOT free. Get educated. Fed $$ dont pay for it. You don't pay for it. But you should help pay for it if your the baby daddy
"Get educated." 

Get fucked.
How is birth control about being healthy?  Why should taxpayers pay for girls to be sluts?
Better start Federal Welfare Program for all those babies born to poor women.
Well, you have 20 weeks to decide! Should be plenty of time for someone to decide if they want to kill their baby or let it live!! Right?
Birth control is used to control conditions such as endometriosis and abnormal bleeding that causes anemia. Viagra has one purpose.
You are wrong. Viagra was an angina/anti-hypertensive medication that failed but its primary side effect became its claim to fame.
So then...women should have universal free health care, no?
Yes...universal health care for all Americans...just like the rest of the civilized world.
GOP GOAL Seems Rs want women "pregnant & in the Kitchen" - shame on any GOP women who voted for it. They need to get the boot too!
OBVIOUSLY you know nothing about the GOP! Just regurgitating the spoon fed BS by the loony liberals! #HispanicsForTrump #womanForTrump 
Rita- tell me about the GOP.
I'll tell you what they DON'T want! Which is "Woman pregnant & in the kitchen!" GOP wants ppl to take responsibility for their OWN actions!
Then WHY are they taking women's healthcare?
They aren't!! Please get informed.
What if your testosterone is low and your losing your hair dr says you need replacement drugs should it be covered? BC is used for many cond
If taking money out of peoples bank account is a concern of yours you should be willing to vote yes for tax reform.
I do not trust Repub to tackle taxes. They care only for themselves and their donors.
Republicans don't want to pay for birth control or women's health. They'd rather build a wall and support Roy Moore, right @RepFredUpton
No we don't! How about taking some personal responsibility for your own birth control and abortions ("woman's health")!
So you want #Government out of your uterus, but that #Government should pay for pills for your uterus... #LiberalLogic
That isn't government paying for your uterus! It's not allowing EMPLOYERS to dictate what healthcare INSURANCE can cover for employees.
Was there a reduction in pregnancies after this policy was implemented under Obama?
Indeed, but that money is their own, not someone else's. That's the idea.
You don't pay my insurance I do. I pay the deductable the co pays the co insurance. I don't want to pay your prostrate exam
That sounds good to me!
And $ out of young women's retirement savings
And it lets employers put themselves between doctor & patient. It's not just about #birthcontrol.
http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/endometriosis/diagnosis-treatment/drc-20354661 …
Resign
