@SenatorCollins Please come together, take politics out of the ACA, and propose thoughtful improvements.
For the #LogicImpaired like @PattyMurray
just let us know when you logically realize that you don't have a right to tell a woman that - grow a uterus, then we can talk
I have every right to call you are murderer regardless of my plumbing. Even if it hurts your feelings.
doesn't hurt my feelings;am stronger than you will ever be by virtue of my chemistry;let's be clear you have NO RIGHTS OVER ME
And FTR. I have every right to stop someone from murdering other human beings. Your chemistry is irrelevant.
Did you see Sean Spicer today?  See the video of him comparing the paper size of ACA to their plan? It says it all.
Interesting that a book on pathology represents the Democrats.  Examining their diseased politics maybe? ;)
You miss the point often, don't you?
Not at all. I'm an adult pointing out how poorly thought out the picture was. Have your say, but think what you post first ;)
.@mwilson603 @JeffK_BanGMOs It's a branch of medical science concerning the cause, origin & nature of disease. Trump is a fitting subject.
You @PattyMurray didn't care about the lives of 2.7M WA citizens when #FDA denied them the cure for #smoking. Now you pretend to #Trumpcare?
@lindsayrda53 while stealing millions of dollars from the rest of us
I would LOVE to tell you what to do with your body - It starts with "Go" and ends with "Yourself!"
Nobody is telling you what you can and can't do with your body, he is just standing up for the baby you won't.
stand w/ equal concern 4 the baby after it's born;girl or boy; birth to old age;rich or poor - then I will believe u are pro-life
Please fight this. It hurts seniors too.
How many of your fellow senators would exchange their health care plan for this wonderfully improved Trump Care? Let me guess..
works for the people, and has a excellent record unlike Ohio's @senrobportman who supports Trump
as opposed to a wish list by and for progs who insist on telling everybody what to do with their own money...
babies are bodies too.
bottom line; we get what you get--federal plan for all.
And yet ACA is working so well...you are out of touch ma'am
@EdMurray4Mayor  @JayInslee Thank you for working hard for US and Washingtonians, We want to remain a #BlueState #Resistance
fight that liar trump.
if you're talking about abortion,that baby isn't YOUR body!
RICH politicians! Anti women's choice!
like Big Pharma tells you what to do. $483,000 got your vote didn't it. Your a sell out. Never getting my vote again
@davereichert Is this You Dave? 98058
get to work !
Please continue to support the ACA. So many of my neighbors in red WA now have health insurance and stand to lose it again.
you couldn't be more wrong
U R Lying again Sen Patty-conservatives think there are unborn babies lives at stake not a viable tissue mass. And u know it!
I prefer #Republicare  make them own up to their mess
believing life begins at conception is not an extreme view and you know it. Stop the straw man argument
stop the madness! We support your efforts
Need to rename it TrumpMispractice
and democrats is a party who wants to rule America!
please make sure this bill never becomes law. #HealthCareForAll
old white men
and the ACA wasn't? Lol, Patty. You slay me.
keeping fighting for us!
@Limac62 created by the #whitehoodnation pissed that a black man beat them TWICE. They don't care about ACA. It's revenge.
@ChloeBennet4 But can we just call things by their actual name? The bs of "Obamacare" instead of ACA doesn't need a 2.0
The GOP wants to control our wombs.
@ErinMaloneyPE Have you ever seen the bodies on these politicians? Since they can't control their own, obviously trying others
at it again, Murray stirring false claims and trying to divide America! #SenateWaste #TermLimits #Murray4DividedUSA
They made that decision when they had sex
healthcare should only focus on womens issues? That is the only issue I hear you tweeting.
@ChloeBennet4 Seems more like its telling women what the American taxpayer shouldn't have to pay for
patty please take your lard bucket body to the gym. Back away from the buffet.
@ChloeBennet4 Well, whatever it takes to keep you from killing your children…
if you mean abortion, it isn't just your body.
More like #TrumpDoesntCare
just saw a Rep on @chrislhayes saying we free to make our choices without interference from politicians in Washington. Unless you are female
And you can keep your dr and your costs will go down. Lie lie lie. BTW I did not vote for you. Taxes UP every year since.
No you left wing extermist ruined health care system and now #Rino @speakerpaulryan is  push #Obamacareliite on the public
Women have the right to have
ABORTION
TAXPAYERS HAVE THE RIGHT
NOT 
TO PAY FOR IT!!!
it will also harm children with chronic illnesses/disabilities (Medicaid/CSHCS).
unlike politicians like you that tell young girls they must tolerate weirdo creepy men that want to use their bathroom.
what about the father?
once again a stupid tweet from Patty Murray
Trumpcare like Obamacare excludes politicians from required inclusion. What's it feel like to have that Freedom?
 Thank you! Please keep fighting for us!
GOP = malfeasance @SpeakerRyan
@SuzanKBuckner and the poor and the elderly and the sick.
@GOP just wants the poor,elderly, and sick to DIE..in my opinion. They care NOTHING for us.
Calling abortion "healthcare" is antiquated at best. Birth control works great compared 2 early 70's The tide is turning, Patty
You are the one who told women which healthcare plan they had to buy! Choice is always best.
All of those jerks need to be voted out of office.  What we really need is a single-payer system.  Medicare for all.
If GOP get their way & imprison women for abortion, then they have also given rapist the right 2 bear childrn w/ their victims
You can't be that crazy?
.@PattyMurray #Trumpcare is an oxymoron, for there is nothing caring about this.
