Good now maybe congress will get something done
Illegal immigrants
Reading these tweets, I am appalled at the lack of civility. It is quite sad really. It's ok to disagree but stop attacking!
Fuck daca
Whaaaa???
800 illegal immigrants
800000
Trump is doing just what the American people elected him to do
More fake news How sad and how sick. Anger because their choice did not win People are spreading such hate towards our President
We have not forgotten! #StrongerTogether #ForwardNotBack #PDMFNB #DefendDACA #DreamAct2017

#FuckTRUMP
If Congress keeps dilly-dallying with the lives of these bright young adults, America's loss will be Canada's gain

Thank you Senator!  Please work to pass a clean Dream Act! #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers!
What about thousands of Americans that lost thier jobs due to DACA? Doesn't fit your agenda, does it?
They knew that were giving so much time. No Excuses. Apply for citizenship or go and make your own country better.
I believe that has bannon written all over it. Trump had to keep it alive to save face. Or what he thinks face is.
With all do respect Senator...your job in congress is to pass/change laws...if you have not done so by now, you have wasted valuable time...

"no promise is credible" says Rep King as Trump supports the DREAMers... get it? Trump is a #pathologicalliar   He can't be trusted.
Time to celebrate.
Nope haven't forgot that we still paying for them and that we will pay to get rid of them! See you not coming soon enough!!!!!
Senator: the ball is in your court in the Congress. Stop blaming @POTUS @realDonaldTrump.  You & your compadres need to figure this out.
ISenRandPaul's idea on DACA-2me it'd be bi-partisan compromise&open the door to actually working together4 a chg-Guess I must B a Dreamer!
You have bigger problems #DACADeal
Shut up Patty.
What good is DACA if our border continues to allow more illegals to come swarming into our country? Hold the line, Mr. President. #MAGA
Again I see in the comments that people don't like you very much.
If these people get thrown out it's because congress has failed them. Make no mistake about it.
How's about you work on a better plan instead of planning more vacations and forgetting about a budget?
It was only a temporary action. It was also illegal as it violated the standing law and criminals like you who back it should be hung for it
U make the LAWS!  President Trump is finally up holding them!  Make sure U have the MONEY for all this!  Drain the swamp!!!!!
PATTY, and her friends cant hear you.
Patty and her friends REFUSE to hear.
More accurate,
what about the steel auto coal worker you put out of work there lost there income,they are american first before daca.
Make DACA law thru Congress. Deportation no longer possible. Give Dreamers certainty. Exec order keeps them in limbo. @ChrisVanHollen
What about legal citizen's dreams.  We don't count.  I a war vet.  Sen Murphy you give hand outs to illegal immigrants.  Look up the def.
Nope, haven’t forgotten. Better get 2 work as the blame is all yours if you fail and we start depleting Hollywood of their maid service.
Pass a law to make it legal! That's your job!!!!!!!!
Wow Democrats get obsessive if anything even remotely threatens illegal aliens or their children... but interest in citizens ?? not so much.
Hardly Patty, now it is up to you and the rest of the do nothings in congress to do something. Any bets on how likely that will be folks!!
This Maniac is NOT our president!! IT ILLEGITIMATE! The whole campaign! HILLARY WON & THEY STOLE IT!! MUST B RECTIFIED!
Not much time left to PASS THE DREAM ACT!!
Patty you are awesome!
No I haven't forgotten I just started getting over the hangover from the after party celebrating the fall of that unconstitutional EO
OMG! Are you still whining about this? Do your job senator and fix it.
DACA is illegal political overeach purprotrated by Kenyon Snowflake.Deport ALL Illegals NOW
As you are a Senator, I demand YOU get to work & fix it 741,546 (88%) approved, 60,269 (7%) were denied, and 43,121 (5%) were pending. SHAME
What's Daca? #EndDACA #maga
I think Hillary felt the same way as Trump.
Hillary advocated deporting Illegal Immigrant children. "Just bc your child gets across the border, doesn't mean the child gets to stay" 
Can you do one where we RT if we remember congress doing nothing for dreamers and want to thank @POTUS for getting y'all off your hands?
LIAR! He extended it.  Obama set it to end in December.  You just can't tell the truth.
FALSE!  DACA didn't end a week ago.  But we know Democrats continue to lie about what Trump did and said while ignoring their own failures.
Sorry, but it ends six months from now.
dig a hole and climb in it

I call BullShit, they are here ILLEGALLY, why should I care about INVADERS?? 
Send them back and have them go thru PROPER CHANNELS!!!!!
Where's the money coming from to support this?
whatever... America first!
Patty DACA are illegals get a clue.
It was your responsibility not Trump's to correct ,talk about passing the buck and distorting reality..sad
Make Washington State proud Senator! Help to #DefendDACA
Why haven't they started the path to citizenship patty?
I'm happy to see all the dissenting comments. Please vote her out in '18.
Remove incentive for others to break laws. #Medicare4All will collapse under unfettered illegal immigration. #Dreamers #DACA
Forgotten? I'm celebrating!!! Viva America! No democratic voter farms whoo hoo! 
DACA needs to go! & so do those ADULT illegals! We were generous enuf 2give FREE educations, now they can take back to own countries!
So go pass some legislation
Done! #ZIP98105
I have 11 Dreamer grandchildren, get off your la la wagon and work for #Americans. So over the WashingtonDC cronies and their $ grabs.
Your social media team is making you look like @NancyPelosi with tweets like this. It is not a flattering comparison.
How was it a threat, they were never here as for US citizens and Obama didn't have the right to make an executive order!
What I haven't forgotten is how many jobs he opened for American dreamers.
End daca,  my kid is a dreamer to also a natural born American.  I ask what are you giving him,NOTHING CAUSE HE IS NOT HERE ILLEGALLY .
Here we have a Senator A SENATOR who does not know how laws a are made. @PattyMurray please educate yourself on OUR Constitution
Nice Willow.  I wrote a lengthy letter to my Senator saying the same....adding look up the definition of illegal.
Screw U & your "DREAMERS", to you they are just potential VOTERS, that's why you Left Wing A-Holes lost the election, BTW, I have DREAMS TOO
so do i & dont know about you, but mine been trashed for years! i'd like to be healthy & have medical care for my illness. ZERO help 4years!
One of President Trumps best so far and he has done a pretty good job already. Tax cuts are next and then back to repeal Obama care
We not only remember. We applaud @Potus for addressing this problem. Congress needs to do their job
Are you joking?

If you are for all ,give all poor Americans the same funds and support you all are giving to DACA and refugees legal or not
Except it doesn't end until next March. You fail at honesty
Are you going to introduce legislation to make #DACA permanent?
Patty it's up to congress. The exec order was unconstitutional and Obama knew it
Best thing our Great American President Trump could do! Dreamers now have six months to apply for Green Cards! Bet those lazy asses won't
Trump's so called Presidency needs to end, not DACA. @realDonaldTrump #CHEATER
Please take a CIVICS class
Move to Russia.
Wow,is that how many illegals? That's 800k for America's children to dream.stop exploiting minorities for your Liberal vote.
Republicans need to hold back on any DACA votes until the wall is BUILT! And tax reform is done and ACA is repealed. Much more important
I know you're not use to this, but now you have to actually do your job. This president isn't going to do it for you
And we r glad he did. No daca until the wall is funded fully
#Enforceimmigrationlaw
Did what need to be done. Now Congress needs to do their job on immigration reform.
@POTUS did the right thing making Congress do there job, enforce immigration law, we don't need law breakers that expect special treatment
I am glad he did we don't want them here. Need to come here legally no ifs ands or buts period.
Providing 800,000 jobs to American citizens.  Winning!
No, I haven't forgotten. Just wondering if all 800,000 are gone yet and, if not, how long is it going to take? #DACA
Exactly a week ago our President upheld our Constitution and the immigration laws are the act of congress. USA will vote New reps.
Illegal aliens.
ADULT ones too!  NOT children like they want us to believe! & we all know they wont waste time vetting! they havent done it so far!
No! DACA was abused like every other government program.
I stand for law and order and the restoration of it after our last lawless president. Do you support governance by executive fiat?
Go dream in your own country. Bye Bye
What about the parents? Will you rip family's apart? Is illegal imigration good? What about legal imigration? What is Dem imigration plan?
Parents brought them here, parents can help them with their country of origin
YOU ARE DIRECTLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SLAVE TRADE AND MURDERING THAT RESULTS
No, I don't have short term memory loss. I clearly remember DACA  being unconstitutional.
I'm so tired of being used as a political pawn to rescue illegals, pending illegals that I could die. Who in the hell does govt represent?
Congress is so out of touch that it's nearly obsolete. Why do you need your job? You costs us time, money, and are corrupt. Enough. Thanks.
We'll NEVER forget one of the most anti-American and stupid decisions in US history! Trumphole can feel the walls closing in! 
We sure can!! Coming soon to a border near you!
Said the guy who's great grand parents prolly came to US illegally but...yeah
Do your actual job and defend #AmericaFirst
More pandering, scare tactics. What are you doing about it Senator? What "have" been doing about it for the last 25 years? #UselessPol
I haven't forgotten. Pass some damn legislation. No DACA
