We are working right now to get answers on what’s happening at #seatac. This ban is counter to so much of what WA holds dear.
Why are the Democrats so slow to respond? You guys are being caught flat-footed.
Too busy kowtowing to the pharma lobby @PattyMurray
To you traitors to America, the rest of us are sending YOU a message.
We know the Judge responsible is a special friend of yours & we will hold U responsible 4 anyone harmed by 1 of these refugees.
should be  more worried about them whiteboys shootn up defenseless church goers than refugees! !
Yes and they are going to be smacked down hard
Sadly the message seems to be be radical subversive insurrectionist supremacists and we love you.
does not represent the state of WA. @realDonaldTrump
- morons from my home state - where were you when Obama did the exact same thing? cheerleading.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Please carry the torch for our children & grand-children...
McCarran Walters Act 1952 Ch.2 Sec. 212 Support your president and We The People!
Yes, stand up for ACLU,George Soros,ultra left wing of USA,CAIR,all progressive minded people ruining the country STAND
You have time to show up at Seatac airport but are too busy to show up at the US Senate?
Spokane 99019 
Ban @PattyMurray!
WA supports our President and his ban! You do not serve us well! Spokane WA
Communist Patty Murray wants to defend our Democracy.  Okie Dokie
we need more support in the trenches out here. Vote NO on the remaining confirmations. Don't give Twitler more allies.
thanks
how about you start voting against these terrible cabinet picks and show some leadership?
- Thank you Sen Murray. Can you encourage our Republican representatives to speak up? #WeAreAllImmigrants
Yes, they are sending a message but not a correct one.
Yes the same old one let everyone in and the middle class at for it.WA always sends a message vote for me. Forget the people
A message more people than you think don't want to listen to anymore. Wouldn't be here if you (25 years!) folks had done jobs.
WOW! A sitting senator supporting a terrorist group, disrupting a major airport... W.A. this is what you voted for #waelex
Think Senator. This type of protesting could be headed your way. PEOPLE are tired of it all.
@SenatorCantwell DT is defending our democracy from those that wish us harm.  WA will soon be sending you a message.
please get detainees released
senator you do this is legal right obama use this law https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/8/1182 … 3yrs ago?
U will be charged along w/ other Congress members before election as perpetrators of violence. 'Inadmissible Aliens' code used by Obama 2011
What is the message and what change is it making? They can do other things to get their cause across by contacting congressmen
Washington sent a message when 4 of your electoral voters didn’t vote for Hillary Clinton. 
you need to send a message! Voting against lower drug prices sends one! Your constituents see everything!
The people at SeaTac making nuisances of themselves do not represent Washington or Washingtonians.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10100510418868571&id=28002955 …
About 1 hr 26 min, peaceful protesters are being maced!
By the way how is that Russia hacking coming that trump trying so hard to cover up with this banning
Amen
and the message is , hey, we don't care who ya are or if you wanna kill us, come on in! VETTING. VETTING. VETTING.
When will they let them in Sen. Murray? Thank you for following
You are all hypocrites. Obama had bans in place & look what he just did with Cuba!  However, this fits the globalists agenda
to the senators who represent us (that's you & @SenatorCantwell) please show the same bravery your constituents are.
what's happening now?
We are your constituents. Hear us. We need action now, not just words.
Various police forces are pepper spraying and physically accosting those same protestors. Will you stand with them?
@LiberalResist Patty please say nay to all trumps cabinet nominees. You are our employee and we expect nothing less of you.
why are police using excessive force on peaceful protesters?!
Please follow up on this.
Officers, some wearing riot gear, have detained several protesters at #SeaTac. We're gathering details: https://goo.gl/QNGGJf 
Not a single WA state superdelegate supported Bernie.  Tone deaf to the voters.  One of the main reasons Trump is now President
why are demonstrators being arrested at #seatacprotest ? Were they peaceful? Are there greencard holders still detained?
don't arrest protestors! Protect them!
.@PattyMurray now send help to the protesters whip are being violently arrested while waiting for detainees to be released.
Oh For Carp's Sake! Do you think this 'hold' was written willy nilly? It's within the admin's perogative to do this!
.@PattyMurray thank you 4 your words abt #seatacprotest & travel ban. Please take those words to DC, let congress & the president hear them
If you are not resisting every appointment, every regression - my vote goes to your competitor next election. DO YOUR DUTY.
Glad to hear you chime in, Senator.
Great!  And where were you?
the police are arresting those protestors. Are you doing anything to stop them?
why were you not here with us?
Thanks for weighing in. We need you to represent us in supporting democracy.
We'll do our part and you keep doing your part. Stand up and be bold.
great message yelling at passengers as they're just trying to get their luggage
You should send a message too. No yes confirmation votes at all. Obstruction=protection now. #DUMPTRUMP  #indivisible
@rabiasquared I know they control everything but you have to do as much as you can. You have to defy.
please stand with us. No more confirmations, no Supreme Court hearings, nothing until EO & Bannon gone.
Mob rule, it's not who we are ! We are a nation of laws.
@Chrisvance123 -get the FULL FACTS BEFORE MAKING JUDGEMENTS !!
Now do your job and stand up in congress and take this man to task, Nothing else is more important!
what about the Bannon thing? Can Trump do this?
Where are you??
stand with us and block the Pathological Liar at all costs. Though he did promise this, the voter didn't believe. Resist!
as you sat silently for eight years while we bombed the shit out of all these countries. Boeing MIC money was more important.
Your first responsibility is to protect your constituents, and the American people.  Time for a priorty adjustment, Senator.
well said!Whats her issue,that's what's wrong w/GOVERNMENT tryin to stir shit within our walls, #GetTheFuckOverIt
Support our #POTUS or resign. Your agenda is not important.
- But remember separation of powers, we aren't in a monarchy that's why those founding fathers protested in the first place
you are really encouraging people to protest at an international airport. You maam are a joke.
Great job Patty. We need to keep protesting at airports and everywhere else until @realDonaldTrump is no longer POTUS
wow. you are smart.
@lindseydgraves Will change nothing...if only they used their time towards productive, positive change...
I hope you are there now, working on behalf of us!
give it up, Your tennis shoes wore out a long time ago. You dont represent me. #NotmySenator
yes, Senator! Getting to the streets, calls to resist via tweet, America will resist the Tyrant! Help! Legal resistance U help!
Can you get the sheep to donate to Seattle to make up for loss of Fed Funds. Actions have repercussions
What will you be doing to help stop this monster?
@ennoia3 yes support breaking the law. That's why conservatives have 2/3 of the states the majority and the presidency
Now please follow up on that message with action in Congress.
you represent us, you better damn well speak up
@ABCPolitics @maddow @PattyMurray TY for fighting for what is right. @realDonaldTrump:The people r screaming at you. Do you hear us now?
Vote against Sessions,Tillerson, Devos,Price, Zinke as they are unqualified as cabinet members.Do something about Nazi Bannon 2
I requested she do the sameShe's OUR employee &we expect her 2 do her job according 2 the wiil of her constituents
Thank you Senator Murray! Now, what about your Republican colleagues?

, @SenWarren is at Logan airport. Are you there defending #seatac?
thank you for supporting us right now!!! #outlineyourplan
What are you going to do to protect us, @PattyMurray ? Stand up & resist!
I don't think anyone is fighting harder to keep out these swamp scum than PattyMurray!
The swamp scum are already in, @mazzyberry . Time for dems to stop rolling over. @PattyMurray
Dems are playing dangerous game with voters. Need daily reminders
send a message to your republican peers. Or democratic congress-people aren't doing enough.
everyday call or email or tweet Congress and Senate that we the People are keeping notes their careers are done!
Hypocrite, where was your outrage when Obama stopped refugees from Iraq for 6 months in 2013? Banned Christian refugees?
Obama banned anyone on the No Fly List from entering into US without vetting he never detained US citizens
just let 500 people in with ties to terrorism after a "glitch". @POTUS hasn't done anything to US Citizens.
And they now occupy OUR WHITEHOUSE with a traitor. Not happening pal this isAmerica. Terrorist is DT
Hey Pal, you lose. and, your typical name-calling&conspiracy theories have been exposed. You are irrelevant.
take note, these are not normal times.  Please fight with us every step of the way
Please fight this lunatic & his henchmen!
While Murray votes for President ASSHOLE's nominees!!!
can you deport ryan, mitchell and trump to Russia
don't leave out all DT appointees. Especially Putin bff Tillerson
HIS Ass too!!
A pretty good sign that your base will support you voting NO on all nominees including Supreme Court justice.
What are you doing? Honest question.
