House Republicans are voting on a bill that would allow politicians in Washington, D.C. to interfere with the most personal decisions a woman can make.
And yet politicians can tell a viable fetus they have no basic human rights.
A viable fetus isn't human yet. They have to live autonomously first. Until then, the mom is a human with rights.
You seem very sure of that.  What if you're wrong? Shouldn't we err on the side of preserving life?
If you want to "err on the side of preserving life" stop eating meat, wearing leather or using antibiotics.
I get it,  Two of my kids are vegan.  I happen to disagree, but I respect your consistency.
When you're in delivery rm w/your next, feel free to err on the side of preserving life. Until then, don't commandeer other delivery rooms.
I am 61, so not likely. But I did deliver three and adopted two more.
You're old enough to understand my point then. Don't tell people what to do in delivery rooms if you're not delivering.
So you're for terminating the life of a baby after 20 weeks gestation when it can be viable outside the body?  #DemocratsAreSick #Murder
1. There are real medical reasons, other than opinion 2. The GOP is not pro-life is they take away HC, & benefits that help for housing/food
Republicans are pro-life but also pro-personal responsibility.  Don't get pregnant if you don't want a baby.  If you have a baby, don't....
Another idiotic statement. The GOP is not pro-life or personal responsibility if it only applies to women. They use it when convenient
Bottom line - no one gets an abortion after 20 weeks for convenience - some lethal fetal anomalies are not evident until then!
If abortion after 20 weeks is illegal we risk REAL WOMENS LIVES by making them continue non viable pregnancies - see Texas for example....
Maternal mortality in Texas is  than any country in the developed world-poor access to care,contraception and abortion. GOP killing women
AND, YOU WORK IN NEW ZEALAND!!!!!!!  You are a liberal propagandist--nothing more, nothing less (other than being a liar, that is)
When it a good time to rip a baby out of her uterus? Just curious, asking for a friend
They act like it's just some casual thing.  They disconnect themselves from the reality of taking their own child's life. I don't get it.
Cold heart is a dark soul
At PattyMurray Its no a womens choice to kill.The unborn are people too.Your radical stance is indefensible to god.Thou shalt not KILL!
They do it all the time with drug use and prostitution.. I assume you mean the baby killing part...
Lots of people need help from them selfs.
But it's OK for you to tell people what to do with their body regarding chronic pain patients!  You talked about opioid use BUT...
There is NEVER a good time for politicians to try to tell ANYONE what they can and can't do with their MEDICAL CARE!!!
Where does your support of murder end,babies,the elderly,what?
Yet DSHS tells parents how to raise their children. How does a Fred Meyers cashier turned into a Social Worker decide our fate?_
Correct!
But its ok for politicians to force those who don't support baby murder to pay for it?
If you can't make decision ont an abortion in 20 weeks then you have an entirely different problem. After 20 weeks it is Murder. @FoxNews

I'm tired of men trying to contorl are bodies
I got sterilized a month after Twittler was elected. What does that tell you about general faith in our country?
You must have respect lives, if you created it you can’t destroy them, used your brain and a lots of ways to prevents pregnancy
I trying to understand. Why do they have any say in my heath care. I dont have a say in thiers.
If your child is LGBT, the good news is that treatment options are available to make them normal and straight. https://www.rxrankings.com/datatable/default/diseaseinfo/Gender@Dysphoria …
What the hell. I will not spread that around to the nuts that think it is thier place to change someone.
How about trying on condoms for size? Or would that be too inconvenient?
You say this, but then force them to #BakeTheCake. Hmmm…
If an organism has its own heartbeat, blood type, and can feel pain is it really part of your body?
It's it funny that the Republicans love you if you live in a petri dish. But don't move out. If you do,   you're on your own. No love there.
Except when they have another body separate from their own within them.
You said 50% of births were born to addictive mothers! 80% of those are alcohol related & not opiates!  Twist the truth again.
When we talk about a women aborting a child then it should be talked about they made the decision to sleep with the guy so deal with it
We should not allow abortions after 20 weeks.
So true.
You NEED to RETIRE Patty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And murder is NEVER ok
Immoral baby killer
Thank you!
Thank you
So are you saying that your not one of them. Cuz you just said CAN or can't do
Baby killer
What about  Doctors?
We are all tired of "politicians" telling us what to do, that is why we elected @realDonaldTrump
Women support respect for life and humanity, @TheDemocrats don’t.
Is there a good time to tell babies they're about to get hacked up there Patty.  What a joke to the U.S. You are, pure joke!
Citing Sandy Hook and dead kids against guns. Millions of kids aborted... crickets. You don't care about kids, you want convenience.
Where is your law allowing women to engage in prostitution, if that's what they want to do with "their" bodies?
Who's going to care for the innocent babies born to people that can't or won't love them? If gov. Takes away RIGHTS. I hate abortion! BUT,,,
God gave everyone free will but don't ask my tax dollars to fund it when it's against my morals. Don't want no part of it
Thank you, now help us afford coverage. A pelvic exam is over $300 #SinglePayerNow
How about the body of an unborn child I guess it has no rights! Even illegal aliens in some states have the right to vote!
Wish I could retweet this every hour on the hour
God sure can!
You tell them Jennifer
If U R A Moslem, NEVER. IF U R A WHITE CITIZEN OF THE USA. NEVER. THIS IS NOT A FORM OF BIRTH CONTROL. U MIGHT CONSIDER HOLDING KNEES CLOSED
Especially if they are men
Abortion. A way to lessen American population. While Moslems Never abort. We will be outnumbered by 2050. You are a FOOL.
Really? Never? I guess Casey Anthony never did anything wrong, then.
Should probably get gov't out of health care then.
Who speaks for the bodies of the unborn?
How about when they have a viable infant in the uterus?  That's a really good time to tell them what to do with their body.
Does that apply to the unborn too?
I'm sure you would love to be able to tell my wife she can't protect her body with her gun.
But its always a good time to tell men they need to reduce testosterone in their bodies. Always. #RxRankings
Once you become pregnant it isn't just your body or life anymore ! .. And I'm a woman!
That is the truth!
Persist Senator!
What about the dad's choice he may want his baby, and these murdering bitches are killing them.
That's the discussion before you release sperm, not after.
the woman's movement says it is ok to kill a growing fetus as a solution for irresponsible sex
Especially male politicians
I like how you are talking straight today. I'm noticing!
When will we know if CSR Plans are funded for 2018? 
@SenAlexander
TELL IT
Everyone has rights to protect their bodies as they see fit. Keep the government out of our decisions! Protect our freedom!

But they never cease trying. They are deeply terrified of strong women.
Never and a day.
You can't tell them they must get abortions either!
What about politicians telling citizens how they can defends themselves. When is that a good time?
You go Senator!
Amen.
Tell that to Hillary.
