And cheap political points and pandering
bad science, check the facts
They're not into facts. They cling to they're propaganda spewed by Fox, Breitbart, Infowars
What propaganda?
It would do for you ti concentrate on most immediare needs...tax reform, heath care, DOCA.
We here in our country have the highest eco standards at high expenses. But we are asked to sign even tougher agreements meant to hobble us.
More Patty LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Supported by right-wing Babylonians #Christianity #Christians
Your complicity in UNscientific accords agreements that rely on consensus rather than science, shows your corruption!
Isn't there a special branch of gov't that can make/amend laws that the executive branch then has to enforce or carry out?
Policies that are designed to cripple USA, are not science. Politics are not science! Science is not consensus. Not even @PattyMurray's
If you would do your jobs and actually PASS legislation then you wouldn't have to worry about this now would you? #EndIncumbancy
Baloney; shun science? I would shun media and political created junk science.  BTY, I am a scientist...who actually knows scientific method.
So you call pollution and clean air junk science as well?!

Blocking #Keystone pipeline, but letting @WarrenBuffett carry oil on $CSX trains? Oh that's safer? How about trucking oil? That's safest?
Thank God!
Climate change threatens national security, Pentagon says
Of course it does. Climate Change has always occurred since there has been weather. Causes and remedies if possible and or practical is the debate.
Science debunks 'hiatus' in ocean warming: Sea surface heating twice as fast as thought
“...as thought...” this time they got it right though.  What is the best surface temperature for the earth and why? How do you know it’s best?  Has it ever been that temperature before? When and how did it change to that ‘best’ temperature?  What caused the change?
"One consequence that does seem clear is that coral, actually a sensitive animal, is all but doomed, which is bad news for coastal ...
Another erroneous citation from someone who has a personal financial interest in their ‘cause’. I sell for a living too and recognize I’m not unbiased about my products.
So that is your scientific conclusion? Didn’t take long for another liberal to get personal.
Sending millions to an unaccountable global slush fund in Paris isn't science. Thank you President Trump  #CleanPowerPlan
Trump has added millions of bots/trolls. Lordy
I know right? My partner Boris is in charge of the invisible Pokémon Go Russian thought control machine. Lordy
Fewer registrations  more money  2 the rich
Oh...my surprise face is now on!

Patty Murray is SO IGNORANT, USA does most to protect environment but NO other country is accountable. China & India are enviro CESS POOLS.
Well Sexual Predator Trump is paying back all these corporations that dumped millions in to his campaign so Trump really don't give a crap
You are our PROBLEM...in this COUNTRY
You know what you need to do. Go see Corker and remove his Ass. He's killing us all. #RemoveTrump
He will.  here 8 years
Too bad you only read 1 science report. Try reading the rest of them, you just may have a different opinion.
You want to hurt our nations economy with all the made up BS.
You clearly forgot all the money Obama pissed away on solar panels and wind turbines that were comically inefficient.
OR, #Dem 'leaders' could start ignoring the white house sock puppet, and start proposing ANTI-corporate legislation. But no, donations...
A sad sigh button is needed.
Go patty
Yes they do seem to shun science...unless it has to do with abortion. Then they use science to back their claim.
I just hope we'll be able to recover as soon as these clowns are gone!  HORRIBLE!
Thank god!!
Senator Murray teach humpty trumpty a good lesson , Have everyone stop breathing ! That will teach humpty trumpty a good lesson .
Anyone who is the least bit surprised with how this is playing out will hopefully open their eyes for all future elections.
OPINION/
The  "Current" Administration By Deconstructing The #CleanPowerPlan Changed The Name Of The US EPA To Enviromental Polluting Agency
You mean Gov't paid science.
@DFL @GOP @CNN Senator Murray, you and your colleagues need to get together and impeach the fool in the White House.
Maybe you would like to use horse and buggy again..look under your hood and see what coal does
Of course business man + powerful position= more corporate interest rights
You need to get off twitter and get back to work. Try doing something to prove the Democrats are any better.
#Trump2020 #MAGA #NeverHillary #GOP
How about climate change is bogus bullshit. Yeah, you suck that bad
#TrumpIsAMoron and #Trump knows #TrumpIsAMoron and we know #TrumpIsAMoron and #Trump knows we know #TrumpIsAMoron
We need to go after the companies. Our representatives don't care. But WE THE 325 MILLION PEOPLE have the real POWER.
To do what to the companies? Shut them down? Protest? Break windows? What
Your* office has shunned me concerning my local mail problems.
What's up???
In the end, PM and her money grubbing cohorts what us to believe they can predict the weather 50-100 yrs from now when they only have about 3.3E-8 % of the data. Is it going to rain Saturday? They’re not sure.
Go trump!!
Speaking of science .... "pain capable"
Shun science @PattyMurray? Shun common sense...the Obama Admin on the Paris deal. The Paris accord has nothing to do with carbon emissions or climate change. It’s all about extracting middle class tax dollars from the US.
Trump is the God of the GOP right wing rebels! All for the 1% and forget everyone else!
your spreading FAKE news,
Senator Murray, please support the Mueller and Senate investigations of the Trump Admin, and any action bring our country back to wellness.
Jody , when Mueller tells the World it was Clinton and obumer concluded with Russia are you going to accept it. Shut up.
Nice going Patty.. stirring up the fears of the ignorant in hopes no one sees how you shun science as much as Trump to weasel in your agenda
Because that’s what his base want. They want the factory jobs that have moved to countries with no regulations. No thought of cost.
John Coleman is & scientist, Weather Channel Co-Founder Climate change myth!!  ... https://youtu.be/xi1Y9VSNzt0  via @YouTube
Deal with taxes. Corporate and individual!
Is it really such a shock, Patty?
Senate is dumb founded to put the Executive Branch in it's place. 
One man one rule.
Has got to be against Constitution and legislative law.
The Senate is a joke. Get rid of the leadership from both sides, they are the Swamp
Republicans apparently do not love their children and grandchildren!
Not true, we just don't like Libtards and lying Demon rats.
Getting rid of Obama's signature legislation is a mark of a great leader and we have that in president Trump.
Fake science
To be fair, those poor execs at Exxon Mobil need to pay for their yacht collections... Who's looking out for them?!
What did a non binding accord guarantee us?  Bueller?  Bueller?  Bueller?
are you a LEGAL U. S. senator?
what?
Science has not proven man made climate change. What has been proven is colusion to misrepresent data
Make it stop...
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, CONGRESS NEEDS TO DO SOMETHING.
Help us Patty! #notaleader #unpresidential #unAmerican #notnormal #Resist #hurtingallofus #SomeoneSaveUs
and we will undue all the harm that unfit lunatic is causing.
Like you shunned Americans and voted for Big Pharma AKA your handlers. Voted for U since 92. Never again. I'll support any primary challenger
Corporate interests...or as they're commonly known, jobs and employment. And tax base.
@PattyMurray don't give a shit about jobs. D's are more worried about creating victims
Undoing unlawful executive orders from a former corrupt president is the right thing to do. If you want it to be different then do your job.
So pls continue to help protect us!
Protect, this bitch is part of the problem in Washington. She is the swamp.
Perhaps you and your colleagues in Congress will do everything you can to protect us from this idiot/madman and his team!

Daycare schedule it's bath and  Story time for #dotarddonald and they take away his phone&send him to bed #25ththe45th #Resist #TrumpRacism
There is no global warming or climate change, except what happens naturally and we can't control that. There is no human climate change.
We knew all along that this was the agenda.   Cabinet positions have either remained vacant or been filled with the intent to dismantle.
The admin is comprised of corporate vultures, lobbying & legislating for their continued supply of fresh corpses.
Would you please stop using twitter? How about concentrating on your job rather than giving us your opinion
In addition to the environmental stupidity, there's the economic imbecility. Clean power=economic future; fossil fuel=economic oblivion.
No sir, there is such a thing called clean coal. No more obumer selected boondoggle.
"Clean coal" is not a "thing"--it's a marketing ploy.
How can U be Dumb enough to believe Al Gore's swill.?the only scientists who write paper on a+ are intimidated into this or loose funding
Nonsense. Resign.
impeachment time?
For what, believing in America
 Sue you are dumber than a box of rocks.
I know right! And just think if you didn't work directly with him and had to have a proxy speak your mind! REPRESENT US ALREADY! #ZIP98105
It only a matter of time before @realDonaldTrump proclaims the Earth is flat and that the Sun god revolves around it.
Just giving all the things obama broke
No Patty. He is saving the tax payers money. I can't understand why you have such a problem doing what we the people want! We are the BOSS
NOTHING positive might of known
Kinda like dems not supporting single payer in the name of corp interests and not sound economics...
You mean your junk science...
And BS propaganda
True, however redundant (libs)
That's where your wrong.  President Trump is in favor of our interests. We the people #MAGA
Scott earthquake Pruitt & his environmental pollution agenda: The war on pollution & the tycoons who benefit from it is over.
Please senator do something.  Impeachment now!!!!
Makes me so angry.  What can we do? So short sighted!
Please do something. Talk to people and get around the bullshit. We need some strong Senators to show some courage, integrity, and principle
Individual states can regulate as needed.  Start locally, federal government shouldn't have to
If money was carbon then the earth would be dead.
True!  But science will. Win and they won't
First the Paris climate accord, now #CleanPowerPlan. Trump Admin continues to shun science & your health in favor of corporate interests
-PM
#fight
Senator what powers all those hybrid vehicles a coal fired power plant get real all climate change is a scam to fleece America
Clean power, no CO2, go nuclear!  How about it Patty?
And that is just 1 of 1000 ideas
GOP should find a set and pressure him to resign.  America can't afford this insantiy
For what? Climate change/global warming is and always will be a sham
If I had access to the Ag Dept. resources, I'd change the way the world thinks about farming.
Food shortages are fabricated. There are solutions to starvation, but greed dictates lobbyists derail such things.
Please call it what it is...CORRUPTION!
We could truly grow many things year round and never have to worry about drought or famine.
Extremely gratified to learn that you're for getting money out of politics. Please support @justicedems @lessig @ZephyrTeachout @SenSanders
It's not even in corporate interest. Most businesses recognize moving to clean power is inevitable. Failing to do so is just stupid.
If clean energy is the future and business agree then government doesn’t need to be involved.
There’s really no other excuse for it.
We just need to stop making the gov't do things. Do it ourselves, w/o worrying about lobbyists. get enough ppl together, you have a business
People not involved with gov't should bring themselves together for various methods to R&D the best of the best ideas. That's what life is.
I.E. we could be rid of 'in season' crop growth, but how many farmers have? Why not? Food industry greed carries heavy weight.

These are the five most valuable companies on earth. 
You’re next Murray. We all know you got elected to office by cheating!
"Coal pollution contributes to heart disease, cancer, stroke, and respiratory illness. Coal-fired power plants also emit almost half of ...
Then don’t by an electric car. That’s how they are powered in most of the world.
Wind power generates 140% of Denmark's electricity demand #keepitintheground
"Coal burning power plants are the leading source of greenhouse gas emissions in the United States."
So we can expect Senate democrats to table more comprehensive legislation that addresses climate change soon then?
Yep, and it will be laughed at! HAHAHAHA!
He needs to be impeached.
