Disgusting! This is totally and completely disgusting. Good job hiding it in the news cycle so people won't notice. Disgusting!
Well at least women stopped that lady with the emails by voting 4 trump! Small price to pay. Right? @GOP sees women as possessions
Elections sure have damn consequences, don't they?
This appointment for Education is so vile. Campaign donor, the case for Nepotism is clear. Betsy must go!
She's an evil shit but that's not nepotism.
Nepotism: the practice among those in power of favoring relatives or friends, esp. by giving them jobs that they are not qualified for.
This is Pay to Play if I ever saw it
That it is.
Lots of Pay to Play with Trump's team - hypocrite.
Another champion fir women. Shame on you.
literally all this is doing is victim shaming and giving sexual abusers a leg to stand on. soooooo messed up.
POS
Her utter lack of competence and visible contempt for human decency and equality is appalling.  Bought her job and @GOP let it happen.
If you could see me now you would see my "I'm not even shocked a little by this horrible person's current actions" face.
POS.
No one should be surprised.
Well, when her boss is a sexual predator, and she's okay with that, not surprised.
The idea that you are even spending a second thinking about this is ludicrous .
LYARS!! Get the truth before you make your ignorant stupid comments!!! You have zero credibility with voters!
"..punish campus rape victims..."? What a blatantly false statement. This move by DeVos is meant to give the accused some actual due process
Disgusting
Well, isn't that special....in my best Church Lady voice. Sweet Jesus!
What a slap in the face to all victims.
Disgusting
Now the local police will need to step up & actually deal with the victims with sensitivity.
Awful
Witch.

Not surprising. Since she works for Trump she must be fine with sexual assault
DeVos is an unqualified Moron who can't run a Weed Wacker let alone Department of Education.decision to roll back reports of rapes is vile
betsy cannot roll back a LAW patty.
She's one awful piece of a despicable, incompetent, unqualified, wrecking ball administration.
I know you will fight to get them back @PattyMurray thank your your cute t work and everything else since 1985!
There needs to be a better way to handle it than there is now. An accusation can ruin someone. Innocent until proven guilty.
This thread by now should have about 5K likes. I guess some female Dems don't get the attention or following that others do.
If something happens at campus, call the police. FIXED. Byeeeee
Isn't it illegal pretty much everywhere to sexually assault someone?
Women should help protect other women. What is her problem?
she's a horrible human being with no business being in that job.
Damn why is she so horrible????
And what's her reason? Besides being a fricking racist?
Run, Patty, run for POTUS!
These people aren't a "basket of deplorables," they're a basket of despicables1
Because women and girls are the next target
So, Betsy, your moral stance is: "boys will be boys" - amiright?



What is wrong with this woman?  Despicable!!




R U OUT OF YOUR RICH A$$ MIND #RepubliCRIMEfamily.



Are you F-ing kidding me?
I think it's time for another pussy march
Or enhance due process



Utter disgrace as a woman I've said my bit go have ice shower don't come out
Best DeVose is incompetent and a disgrace!

It's probably a good thing that Obama didn't pass a directive which explicitly said that "one may not slaughter puppies and kittens"
She's a despicable excuse for a female human being.  Time to revoke her woman card and get her the hell out of our government


What's wrong with that dizzy chick?
Hmmm. Make rape the victims fault. How very Taliban of you.
I'm sensing a theme from the Trump administration...
So, this is the world you voters think you want!  Think Again!
Serious question, why does she hate women?
DeVos is mentally ill and incompetent. She will go down in history books on the side of rapists and viscous sexual assaulters. Sick.
This is why Democrats should never trust trump or anyone around trump.
We expect our "leaders" to be looking out for the greater good of the largest number of people not letting predators out Scot-free. Sad.
Just Trump's view of the world: bad is good and good as bad.  Donald Trump is not a sentient being.
She's a vile person. Pure evil.
This DeVos woman is a thug. She has no qualifications for the scope of her job. She is a female Bannon-intent on ruining recourse for humans
It's a travesty that Betsy DeVos has anything to do with Education.
Betsy, just how will that increase literacy rates?
When we must expect sexual assault policy roll-backs it's a sad day in America.
Why can't #Congress stop these #vile #Evil acts by #Cabinet personnel?  Is lawsuit the only way2  stop #Fascism frm taking over the country?
Sad!!!
Can we please revoke her woman club card?
What a vile, evil rich privileged white woman. This is NOT America. Not even close.
What is WRONG with this stupid, yes I meant STUPID, woman.  Isn't there some legislative way to get rid of her?
Of course she will. When someone is THAT rich, there is no comprehension of reality of life for those who aren't. So insulated.
Of course she is. She's horrible.
Hey, Betsy?
Why would she do this?
thank you for noticing and caring, senator Murray
Trying to scare women away from college? She tells us higher education is for men while women belong in the kitchen. Hold my barf, Betsy.
Here we go again
Are we surprised? No. It's all about $$$, not people. Disgusting
Horrible!
The system on some campuses is being abused. The civil rights of all students must be protected not just the accusers.
Evil like her boss!
. . .and let's not forget stupid!
So..she's not a woman then?
Debra Katz is going to eat them alive.
Shamefully typical. A second, governmental assault on the most vulnerable.
Betsy Devos has taken over the image of the evil witch of my childhood.
DeVos would eat Hansel and Gretel alive ,to hear them scream!
In what universe is that considered "normal"?  That is completely an insane concept.  She may need a psych evaluation.
Uneducated Amway zealot quietly dismantling protections for disabled, LGBTQ, assault victims and more. Is this what Jesus would do Betsy?
Your actually Dumber than you look.
The last Sec of Ed = STOLE MILLIONS OF OUR DOLLARS!!!
Of COURSE she is! May she get ONLY what is coming to her. That in itself will be bad enough.
