I keep asking... just how are we put at risk? What are the odds? Greater or less than a meteor impact on Seattle in the next 100 years?
That is BS! We still will have an obligation to keep pollution in check, but not at the hands of other countries.
OMG. It will not. What a big fat lie.
He doesn't get it, and if he did he wouldn't care.
Take the PARIS ACCORD and get it ratified by the Senate. If not, submit your plan for Healthcare Reform. TAXPAYERS ARE PAYING YOUR SALARIES!
You don't get it.
Damage economy for #HoaxClimateChange redistribution of wealth of USA  to countries ie India & others who pollute & don't adhere to accord
Lack of good health care, jobs, and not taking care of the terrorist problem will have the same result.
No he does not get it at all , I think this guy need to go somewhere else and play golf  lol
He doesn't give a crap about Americans health. He'll throw anyone off a cliff for a dollar.
Fake comment, news 
It's not that he doesn't get it. He's consistently shown that he does not care about people.
- Shame on you Senator for allowing WA Pollution to get that out of control!
So Pat, you might want to move to another state.  Evidently Trump policies will be the death of all citizens of the state.  Go while you can
Sen Murray did you not listen to your President During Withdrawal if you pollute your State of WA do something about it,Quit Whining!dts
No he doesn't and he doesn't care. Be strong like @MaxineWaters and call for Trump's impeachment!
He gets it...  He doesn't care
Why should we (USA) waste our time on the false premise of man made climate change.  So sorry it doesn't fit socialist/marxist agenda.
Thank You Senator for standing up for WA on all the issues of today 
pax
Senator Murray we are tired of the Democratic parties Bull. You can not be trusted. You have put Washington state at risk.That says ENOUGH
Get serious.  It won't hurt our health.  It will creat jobs and properity which is very good for someone's health.
He doesn't care! McConnell is in his ear saying "withdraw" so he will do it!
Funny. That's the same thing they're offering to women for birth control.
That's hilarious
Can Congress do nothing about this?
He's a monster. Doesn't get it or doesn't care? Even the rich people die when the earth dies.
Yes. I think he does get that.
Republicans only care about resources they consume during their lifetimes, as they despise 96% of Americans.
He gets it.  He just doesn't give a damn.  Between lack of healthcare and bad environment how can you think cares about any of us?
How could he make money off of THAT information?...then he'll care!
Wonder how long is gonna take to the next president to fix all this mess
He gets it.. he doesn't care
Please move to impeach!
How can we stop this deplorable person. We need leadership not dictatorship.
There's nothing in the PA that benefits his cronies.  If Washington would open a DT hotel or perhaps a Snoqualmie lodge...
Patty, Trump gets that ISIS and N Korea endanger the health and safety of WA families, do some thing about them!
Can you get off the hate Trump speech?! I expect you to rise above this hate and start doing something positive!
He doesn't care. It's about what business wants. And they want no rules. Good luck to our kids and their kids and their kids.
Do we even need to ask if he gets it he doesn't even really know what it is wants out because Obama signed off on it
Do you not get that there are other ppl in this country than you in WA?
If this makes you mad, you can join the #Resistance 6/3 for the #MarchForTruthSeattle Cal Anderson Park, 10am!
He doesn't care. You should know that!?
Trump gets nothing about what is in the interest of average citizens.
He doesn't care...it is just politics to him!
@PattyMurray with the Emissions program ending in 2019 it is time to put forth legislature to extend the Air Quality program.
@PattyMurray It is time to ramp up air quality restrictions in WA State. We need to extend Emissions program & increase the vehicles tested
Senator. It is time to ramp up air quality restrictions in Washington State. We need to extend the Emissions program & increase the vehicles
Better question..... does 45 care
I stand with you and @SenatorCantwell and I voted for both of you. Keep us the good fight. 45 is incompetent & dangerous, let's get on that.
Hey as long as there is $ in it for us .
Please keep fighting! Reach across the aisle and get some support! 
Irresponsible that @POTUS is even considering this. #ParisAgreement
PATTY STOP LYING TO WASHINGTON STATE THE NUCLEAR POWER PLANTS & RESEARCH CENTERS LIKE WASHINGTON STATE POISONING FORESTS, NATIVES BY DUMPING
You need to go back to meditating and chill...
Don't you get...china, india are the main polluters. Why hold only American taxpaer/ wage earner shoulder burden?
Lead by good example, not from the everybody else is shitting in the pool, I should too. We have ONE planet, but then I'm not sure I want
humans to save themselves. It just upsets me that we will kill all other life while we're killing ourselves.
I don't think he gets much.
https://twitter.com/CarlPalmer01/status/869556716890972164 …
#ParisAgreement is massive wealth redistribution. Period. US already leads the world in carbon footprint reductions. @POTUS is correct!!
Do you really imagine that he cares? Find out what polluters he owns stock in. His goal is always to benefit himself, so start there.
Is there anything in the world that you don't think will put WA families health and safety at risk? Your face is an example. @FoxNews
Can states band together and participate in the agreement without Trump?
Withdrawing from the ParisAgreement is a wise decision. We can protect our planet without killing jobs as well.
You need to stop being so hysterical the scientist for just the reports on climate change the earth knows how to take care of itself
It is all about personal profit. He and his old white men support coal and oil. He must be removed
Oh no @PattyMurray he knows, he just does not care. For Trump it's all about removing anything good that has Pres Obama's stamp on it.
Why should we throw money at something we are already doing? Leave to Dems to spend. Stop the bullshit politics, please work on America.
Another promise...KEPT!...
@SenateDems - no more hand outs to other countries !
China is part of that agreement. Their part is worthless. Most polluted country in the world. How does the agreement help/hurt WA ppl?
These whiners are just complaining...this does NOTHING for WA...and I'm glad he pulled out...globalist agenda IMHO...
No he's oblivious.
Guessing they do, but don't care
@SenateDems he does but he can make more $ this way. Don's dollars
WA state can continue to abide by the Agreement rules just like CA will. Then we'll know we did our share
He doesn't get it.  He is all about big business making more money.  Screw the environment and anyone else that gets in his way
@SenateDems he gets it,what u don't get,he really doesn't care #The People #DEMS #Media
PATTY  ALLOWS HANFORD NUCLEAR TO DUMP RADIATIVE CRAP ONTO OUR FORESTS INTO OUR RIVERS IT'S KILLING US ALL NOW "NUCLEAR WASTE"
@SenateDems pure garbage....
Find a legal way to STOP HIM!
No, he is OUR PRESIDENT!!! and we should support him like we did Obama...so, get off your high horse and start #MAGA ...
Then states should join PCA independent of the government.  That way we remain protected.
Another idiot has access to twitter...clueless in Seattle...
He doesn't care.
No he does not. He's incapable of understanding that so don't expect him to understand.
He loves America...get a clue and get a job...see, the job market looks great...soon taxes will be coming down...lifes good!... #MAGA
He doesn't care about Americans. Just wants to make money from polluting factories.
Please do whatever it takes to keep the USA in the #ParisAgreement
No he gets nothing
@PattyMurray you liar it will not 2018 vote the #FakeRepresenative #Criminalparty home #wethepeople
Amen John...amen...
Why is this treasonous lunatic, his family, and a Russian cabinet still making decisions for us? I thought treason was a federal offense???
IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH. READ WIKILEAKS, READ THE WEB SEARCHES FOR DNC LAW SUIT IN FLORIDA, STOP LISTENING TO THE MSM LIES
@SenateDems @seattlepi as a nation, we can address this...not PARIS
@SenateDems @seattlepi let's talk about USA 97% leaking nuclear plants and Fukashima... interesting how they r making $$ off it
Oh yes and the stars will fall out of the sky, every volcano will erupt at the same time andvwe all will die!!! Drama queens!!
It's all about him and Trump's administration making the BIG BUCKS from backing out of the Paris Climate deal.  So sad for America!
Really??!?!?...
Its not that he doesn't get it @pattymurray, its just that he doesn't care.
WASHINGTON STATE REP. PATTY ALLOWS HANFORD TO DUMP NUCLEAR WASTE INTO OUR FORESTS & RIVERS. FAR WORSE THAN CARBON. PATTY'S KILLING US ALL
#ToddlerTrump is throwing tantrums like a child with a stinky diaper in Walmart kicking screaming & pushing over displays. #DrainTheTrumps
Think you are the one throwing a tantrum...give steve his nose back and lets start #MAGA ...
He probably doesnt get it, he doesnt understand it & he doesnt care.Climate change affects all of us even him but he doesnt understand. Sad!
Climate change is bull$hit ...please get a clue...scientist scaring peeps in order to get funding...srsly....
How much $$$ do you get out of the Paris Deal, Patty? You must benefit financially in some way. That's all  you care about.
#BigPharmaShill
You are assuming he gives a hoot, come on man
He does, not like your boy Obama who hated America...Trump LOVES #AMerica ...
He doesn't get it and he doesn't care. 
He doesn't care about people. Sociopaths never care about others. #ImpeachTrumpPence
Mudslinging never helps...he does care, he loves America ...#MAGA
All he cares about is himself and the mighty dollar 
I disagree, he has shown MORE patriotism than his predecessor! Really...Obama...You have Obama as your pic...srsly...worst prez ever!
He simply doesn't care.
Proof. Show me HOW exactly it "will" put WA families' health at risk, and HOW exactly it is linked to this!

The Left has gone Insane!
Bull, if you & Sen Cantwell were really concerned you would have forced this thru Senate as Constitutionally required. Knew it would fail...
If not for 7 Billion people, for Barron, please do not pull out of the Paris Accord. Barron deserves a chance to play outside the bunker.
Bunker? What???...mother nature going to start tossing nukes or something...
1. Love you 2. Please promote the special elections across the country to flip some seats blue?  @flippable_org @swingleft
At least he's not butchering puppies like Tom Perez and Maxine Waters.  Sickening.
Sad times @PattyMurray .  Our children will bear the consequences.  Please keep doing what you can and I will as well.
Wait, you speak about the children what about the liberal progressive values been shoveed down our kids throats? LBGTVBMERYFGLR < really?!?!
It puts at risk AMERICAN families along w/ people all around the world! Our very survival hangs by a thread due 2 the narcissist in the WH
Wait, and you got a pic of Obama as your profile pic Obama  WORST PRESIDENT IN US HISTORY! PERIOD!!! its cause of Obama we are in this mess

Most of the USA feels like the Senator's daughter in the pit waiting for the @FBI to rescue us from @potus. Where is Agent Starling?!!! 
He gets it. He just doesn't care.
