One WA school counselor recently shared a story abt a former student who didn’t know he wasn’t a citizen until he went to get his DL at 16
He signed up for DACA, got his license & a job, and is now a straight-A college student in his second year w hopes to transfer to @UW
Now, after President Trump’s reckless decision, he may be forced to move to Mexico—a country he’s never visited & where he knows no one.
While President Trump chooses to pander to his extreme, hardline base, it’s up to us—the majority—to stand up and #DefendDACA
We can’t let President Trump strip protections or use #DREAMers as a bargaining chip for his hateful agenda or wasteful border wall spending
We must find a solution both to honor the #DREAMers who call America home & the very foundation of our immigrant nation.
Then let's get them legal!
They may have been children at the time, but now are over 18. In this country responsible for their own actions, had years to correct.
And how do you think they "correct" it? Don't you think they would if it was an option? Please read up on #DACA
They take a travel leave back to their country under DACA request a visa and return to the US and apply for citizenship it's in there read
No it not that are here illegally, we have laws follow them
But they didn't commit the "crime." Their parents brought them here as small children. They are victims of someone else's choice.
But that does not make them citizens they need to follow the law of the United States just like you and I have to
Okay. Agree to disagree. Thanks for engaging in some adult conversation. Thanks for your service 
You can't even help the legal citizens who are homeless in Seattle, but you're passionate about giving illegal aliens in Wa state preference
Excellent point.  Such disingenuous pandering
If deeply connected why haven't they applied for citezenship, I know some that have, Let's stop the sympathy and return to responsibility
We deeply connected in our communities! We own homes & business. We are harassed & bullied, but never hear you cry out for our protection.
Never!
Get to work and pass something to help them. Trump has put it to the congress to work it out. KEY WORD...WORK, not slander our president.
You mean, ILLEGALLY connected to our communities
I am Hispanic & a Citizen, wife was an immigrant now Citizen. we have $60k in student loans, DACA students in our college go for FREE! BS!
VERY TRUE... IN MY COLLEGE THEY ARE PRACTICALLY GUARANTEED EVERY SCHOLARSHIP FOR A FULL RIDE
Just like everyone else? Laughable because these Scholarships are custom tailored for the children of Illegal Immigrants...
Obama made a mess of our country over 8 years of . Why were the sponsors of these families not pushing a need for citizenship???
Then vote your conscience when the bill comes to the floor.
They need to apply and follow protocol to get the citizenship they desire. I agree the compliant kids should be able to stay.
I own property, you decide to live there, be it one day or 16yrs, you are still there ILLEGALLY.
What's the difference @PattyMurray ?????
All feeling no action. It's so old!
Mrs. Murray, please do your job and put legislation on the presidents desk like the CONSTITUTION requires you to do.
Do your job he was right to revoke it!
Really sad some elected leaders more concerned abt illegals than veterans who have saved their ass & kept them safe. TERM LIMITS FOR SURE!!
Patty Murray, the voters will remember you care more about illegals than veterans.
Like the ones stealing jobs in construction as they work do less cash?
Nice to know that you care more about Illegal Aliens than the rest of Washington State including the Veterans.
Wow, looking at the responses people don't like you. I'd be interested in seeing how many illegals have voted for you.
Stop whining and pass legislation to protect them. I know it's hard being told to do your job by Papa Trump but seriously DO YOUR JOB! #MAGA
And it’s their parent’s fault for not going through the citizenship paperwork. They are not citizens. Send them back.
Well do something about it. You are part of a group of people who can pas laws and they can stay.  Why all the complaining and doing nothing
No matter what, keep fighting.  You're awesome.
Thank you for standing up for this impressive group of young people, who are already de facto American citizens!
Please stop referring to them as children or young people..their ages range from 25/35..they are completely grown up and can leave and surv
Congressmen & Senators need2 focus on our kids dream 1st &2make them come true. R we country of laws or country has laws? Charity at home1st
If U,Dem&GOP care about middle class& income inequality then tax on idividuals NOT Corp. Sould B 20% <250k,25% <500k,35% <5mill,65% after
Senator, we R paying ur salary2work4us not2serve illegals on our dime!!Dying & forgotten middle class citizen need urgent help.Citizens 1st.
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
No one is going no where! The American People will not allow this! Period! tRump is not a dictator he's a lame ! #ImpeachTheRussianSpy
Actually you are wrong. Dreamers who are productive members of society are staying. Dreamers who have criminal records are going.
Doesn't change the fact that they are here illegally. Your quick to tout sad stories but never point out the criminals @FoxNews
Just showing that you couldn't stop them from getting here in the firstplace
The utter lack of researching the facts before tweeting or speaking by 45 is astounding. His ability to lead in general is lacking.
Pathway would be acceptable ONLY if the boarder us secure.  It would be cruel to continue fir Anericans if the boarder remains insecure.
Unless these children and their parents are held accountable for their illegal residence in our nation, future millions will repeat problem.
if they're r illegal I don't want to pay taxes for them I want my Governors senators & congressman to support the elected president !!!!
Why have laws if they're not to be followed.  Why not strive for a sensible bi-partisan solution.  That's why you're in office.
where is the pathway to citizenship for these kids and their families?
Then, fix it. You have the power.
Deport. Or do your job
They were brought here and they can leave here with there parents. Their parents broke the law!
Still illegal immigrants!!! They were brought here illegally!! Why do you think constitutional laws don't pertain to them??
Ya know what, so are the #Americankids who's parents are US citizens and they are US citizens. What about them?!?!? YOU SPEND TOO MUCH TIME!
Ignore DACA and focus on our own people the homeless the hurricane victims the people without jobs The Veterans #ToHellWithDACA
You should be proud your SD vote helped with the election of Trump. Or was that the plan all along SELLOUT!
We love the #Dreamers! Thank you for standing up for them!
And you swore an oath to uphold the constitution, all while getting a paycheck from hard working legal citizens that go to jail if criminal
Good to see that the devastation caused by multiple hurricanes and forest fired hasn't interfered with your support of illegals. #Sarcasm
What can we expect from a racist.. His Motto is...
"MAKE AMERICA WHITE AGAIN!"
What does a "fake twitter" account look like??

I want to see the Alonso Guillen Act from Congress to reinstate #DACA permanently.
I want to see illegals become legal or get out.
These people should be deported from our community as they are not citizens or legal residents, even banana republics deport illegal aliens.
Pass a bill.
DO YOUR JOB: pass the Dream Act TODAY!
But Patty, still illegal. So they need to go through the process if immigration.
And learning our American language is a good start.
Um yeah. They speak English.
Who were brought into this country... ILLEGALLY
Total strawman argument patty, why haven't they filed for citizenship, they've been here for years.
There still illegals there parents and them need to go back to there countries and come back if they want the right way.
And like all of us need a sustainable future.
Thank you Patty.  Are you aware of the rumor that ICE plans a "MEGA raid" b/t Sept 17-21?
Hurricane Irma is bearing down on Florida and your concerns are for these idiotic Mexicans who have done nothing for the US! You Idiot!!
She forgot the last word... Illegally.
EXACTLY!!!!!!!!!
I don't give a Damn how long they have been here, they are still here ILLEGALLY!!!!!
They make so many excuses for them when they are not legal Americans...
You ignored your constituents, backed Hillary, gave us Trump, and now pretend to care? I'm for DACA, for Bernie, and you're for Boeing.
American citizens are suffering under the burden of no healthcare and no jobs because of @TheDemocrats policy.
Deep connection to community does not equate citizenship, Patty
Sen.Murray. If your so concerned with 17k ppl in W
Why are you not making them become American citizens
Cut this bs virtue signaling about DACA. WA has one of the biggest private detention facilities in the country.
Stop ALL detentions and deportations and and quit the respectability politics. People are more than their education or their job.
No one is disposable.
Uh, yeah.... We know that. #zip91805
1st ten months of fiscal 2017, the Treasury still ran a deficit of $566,022,000,000 =  $1.3M debt every minute
Can you fight for them? Unlawful collections & foreclosures cause by poorly written laws need to stop in WA state, not be ignored.
We have over a 700,000 HOA/COA homeowners who have no constitutional rights & some are fighting to save homes from vindictive boards.
