I guess he could draw a red line, then go out for a few rounds of golf.  Wait, we already tried that.  It did not work.
Please, isn't there some way to STOP Trump -- 
PLEASE !!!
I hope not.
Can you please stop saying Trump is "unhelpful" when he is actively, actively working to sow chaos and destruction?
We are still at war with Korea trump could bypass Congress and blow em all to he'll if he WANTED to. We went to Iraq on less. Open your eyes
^^bot
Thought so.  Your double standard is disgraceful.
Yea, you would rather have wimpy racist boomer, who is the one to blame because he never did anything about North Korea.
Obama
When will congress impeach him? Serious question. He's nuts and endangers us.
He.  Will be. Impeach when will are killed by North Korea Nuclear Attack
Get out of NEW JERSEY Trump
The. Country Is. In. Danger Catastrophic Nuclear Attack and Trump And Friends are not doing anything on. The. Golf course
Let's get advice on how to run out government from the guy with a third grade reading level and that's being generous.
Senator, I want to point out an idea. North Korea keeps launching 4 missiles at a time. In 2013 a map shows 4 targets explicitly. Beware of
20% of NK's population was slaughtered by the US and they have not attacked another country since, but whatevs...
To bad it wasn't 100%
Two toddler leaders who need to be removed.
Yes you're correct Patty NEEDS TO GO
Patty is a hero and you're obviously not,so you're blocked.I don't do trump Bots.
wow the more I read your twitter feed I have to ask myself way I voted for you did you want to send North Korea ANOUTHER $5 BILLION ?
The mealy mouthed soft talk from Clinton, Bush & Obama helped create a nuclear NKorea. Trump is right.
This is happening because that failure Obama
I'm with @RepJayapal on the House move to limit @POTUS ability to utilize nuclear weaponry. We've got a toddler w/ the codes. Restrain him.
The last eight years we've had a Kenyan with the codes, I'd trust Trump more than the Kenyan.
Well, there is no point in arguing with your steady diet of wackadoo conspiracy theories. Good luck to you and your weak grasp of reality.
So nothing  is condoning N.K.   like any bully, they need to be dealt  with.  Pressure from neighbors working too.
Polls say most Americans disagree with you.

Not really. They'll still bark. Nothing will still happen
Eight years of ignoring the obvious and having your heads up your butt, but blame Trump....
Senator Murray thank you for your service I know you have a lot on your plate but if you can please regroup with the other senators stop him
Yes and go get Pocahontas from Mass and smoke a peace pipe! Or have Pelosi wag her crooked finger at Kim. That would do it.
First order of business should be to remove his power. He's a threat to everything this country stands for.
Your constituents agree! We thank you for fighting the big fatty in DC who acts like a child. He is the biggest danger to the US - EVER!
Her constituents DO NOT AGREE. Don not presume to speak for Washington.
No, giving millions to them and their Iranian pals gives them strength.  Trump trying different approach, using language Kim will understand
Trumps response was perfect. NK backed down. Elected officials have done much to divide this country & not support @POTUS. #VoteThemOut
You are so pathetic.
Where was your outrage at WJC: "[North Korea] would pay a price so great that the nation would probably not survive as it is known today."
Seems inappropriate to be questioning the commander in chief during a time we should have national unity.
What the hell do you know about anything Patty!?!? You Dems did nothing to stop NK during the mismanaged obama years. #VotePattyOut
So you think asking Kim nicely to stop will do the trick? You're a joke.
Even Susan Rice is now admitting that "strategic patience" has been an absolute failure.
Six decades of feckless diplomacy and broken deals are why we are at this point.
Appeasement is OVER. You Democrats have no idea how to keep us safe.
Yea I'm sure they been spending enormous amounts of time and resources on building nukes just in case Donald Trump uses the wrong rhetoric.
Let's face it #NorthKorea you think a 63 year old sease fire should've become a #PeaceTreaty by now
 Let Kim keep is freaking nuke's #SoWhat
this is just what we need and the only rhetoric is coming out of your trap. what about the coal steel auto worker you put out of work.
Go away you liberal do nothing.
I suppose you want POTUS to hide his head in the sand like the last Dem Presidents?
As senators please start working together to get this man out of office. Foreign policy via twitter is scary. He has no clue how to lead.
You're funny #Patty Murray!
Blood on his hands!
North Korea is dangerous because of wimps like you.  You let them get by for too many years. Your ideas for America are wrong all around.
@NickSotoudeh
Very worried.  What can congress & senate do to remove this dangerous president?
Thanks for hard work but this must be priority govt.
Trump is a cornered rat willing to start WWIII to divert attention from corruption investigation and heartless policies.
Where were you the past two decades when previous admins, including sec Clinton, allowed North Korean to reach this point?
He's clearly unstable and needs to be impeached.
Murray you do not know what you are talking about - as usual.
Agreed
Is the Senate in touch with each other re: NK and Trumps' remarks? We hope someone can help with this serious situation
Can Trump tweet with impunity? Is there no mechanism to stop a public servant from endangering that public?
POTUS is mentally unbalanced and incapable of protecting Americans in a diplomatic and positive way.  The man should be removed from office!
Can't you people ever come up with your own words? You are always repeating Dem talking points.
We can always hope DC will be N Korea's first target.. but WA is closer.
Help us out...  where will you be?
That's so nice of you my dear
My cousin is stationed in Japan w/ her husband. My family is terrified. Please stop being 'unhelpful' and do something to STOP @potus
Why can't our congress men and women  just say that the truth that Trump is mentally ill and dangerous and needs to be stopped ASAP?
Please help defend our democracy against this demigod President.  Thanking Putin for expelling our diplomats in Russia is unconscionable.
Would you rather have a fake redline for them to cross
Diplomacy takes an inner strength & patience that only the wise & experienced politician possesses. Hire the skill set if you don't have it.
Please.  Trump makes a tough stance.  Which is lacking in our weak politicians who fail to stand for anything these days.
Thanks so much! Proud to vote for you!
Good bye World
Please PM he is unfit for office and a danger to us all! #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thamendment
#Trump is a blithering, blathering, blustering buffoon spewing #wordsalad .  WA may be in harm's way from #NorthKorea .
#ImpeachTrumpNow
He must be removed from office. I live in fear. Will I have health care? Will he blow us up? Will putin take over?
You're why we're here. You and eight years of Obama and Bush did nothing either. Iran and NK must be stopped. They encourage others.
To many of the other commenters: Before, NK was all talk. Now Trump has said put up or shut up. NK will 'save face' by shutting up?

No.
Can we put this on a postcard and airdrop them on NK?
My Dad lives in Guam and works on base. As my state rep, is there anything that can be done to stop the President's violent posturing?
I'm living in terror that I'm going to lose my Father and step-mother. Seeing the tensions escalate, I fear for Guam.
Well isn't that special.Thanks for offering a solution.Oh wait....you don't have any answers just wanna hand out hugs, tax $ & hate on Trump
Is there anything the Senate can do to prevent him from using military force?
So...what you are saying is that we should sit back, do nothing and hope that he just goes away?
Yes, this is what I'm afraid of Senator
The rhetoric must be toned down, not up
Ya we know your answer BEND OVER AND TAKE IT IN THE ASS,and say thank you KIM
Trump has incited this madman without asking approval of South Korea or Japan that would suffer immediately. He is a buffoon and fool.
Yes a specific existential threat against Guam doesn't deserve a stern rebuke. ::blowing kisses::
Do u think Kim just needs a job  like one of ur Dem colleagues said about Isis? Or has this been brought on by global warming?
But really lets keep North Korea and get rid of trump
Yes it does! Trump is guilty of "reckless endangerment" of MILLIONS of Americans. Someone stop this fool!
Oh like Obama's "red line"? You may be seated zealot.
Yes let's go back to the Obama apology tour and look the other way. That should calm down "Mini Me".
What do you wanna do? Send cash and beg for forgiveness like obama?
Duct Tape comes to mind.  Doesn't someone in Military or secret service have a signal jammer to block his damn cell phone.
Patty, you will disagree with POTUS on everything out of pure spite. What is your bright idea for dealing with NK?
His recklessness should be grounds for immediate impeachment - the price and collateral damage of war is reason enough
Why isn't anyone doing anything to get Trump out of office? Seems worth the sacrifice of a political career to do what's best for America.
Get over it! You lost.
Uh, she won.
Uh Hillary lost so Patty is still bitter and refuses to get over it! Sorry I forgot libs have a tough time comprehending.
Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were speaking English.
Your constant bantering of the POTUS does not do a thing except show how hateful & contentious you are !
Ya.... it's Trumps fault!!   Cmon Patty!
Absolutely right.  We need to be more intelligent than North career.
Another war for corporate profit must stop. The same corporations that buy your votes in congress.  I'll never vote for you again #Demexit
What are you and your colleagues prepared to do about it?
Whhaaaaaa
So, you trust that little maniac after years of sanctions, giving them $ and talks? Ppl like you want to wait till we're nuked-then act.NO!
Did Obama's harsh rhetoric escalate tensions?
Your agenda is not liking our President. That's it and that's all. Trump did the right thing
It's exactly what we will do if someone gets bombed
We are done putting up with that psycho. I'm glad someone let him know what happens if he bombs anyone. You may not like what Trump said BUT
We need a real president in America not a fake one who is in way over his head. He is incompetent.
It's far beyond "unhelpful" Senator. His rhetoric is dangerous & having a State Dept that is practically unmanned is dangerous. Madness!
Patty, please! Trump's reckless. Disrespectful of our government norms. Flaunting his power. Threatening lives!He must be reined in! #Resist
The tensions were there 1 year ago.
Oh shut up.
We really need to do all we can and will support you in everyway possible in stopping this carelessness by the President
please support S.200.  Only Congress has the power to launch a first strike.
So what did POTUS43/44 and Congress do during the last 20+ years that helped de-escalate tensions and stop their creation of nukes?
Crickets...
So Ms. Murray... what's your plan? No.. No.. Not your emotional plan! I mean the plan using reason. I forgot... You don't have a plan..
Senate Switchboard: 202-224-3121
or text RESIST to 50409 Free & easy
#Earth2GOP #NoNukes4Trump #25a
More FAKE NEWS (propaganda) to kill more and steal more for bankers! Prove NK is that stupid! still can't prove 9/11 was terrorists

*you're
Speaking of nuclear, how's Hanford these days after your 25 years as Senator?
I so agree. He needs to think before he speaks.
Just "unhelpful"?? Sh*tload worse than that!!
And if you would have done something? Anything in the last 30 frigging years we wouldn't be dealing with this.
YOU'RE unhelpful.
You know nothing. Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
Diplomacy hasn't worked for decades. Buckle up, buttercup. There's a take no  POTUS in the WH now.
