we cant get through to Toomey at any of his numbers! Constituents, fax him DC fax # (202) 228-0284. https://faxzero.com/fax_senate/75 
NO you got it so WRONG...she is the RIGHT choice! It's time you step down!
Thank you!
You only fight for powerful unions, not for those of us who want education put back in the hands of parents.
Choice is fine. Don't use public funds for private schools.
fix the problem not avoid it by taking resources away.
current regime IS bad. Fix it. Not privatize.
fine. do it anyway you want at a private school.  Just don't use public funds. Fix the problem.
so with the weekend delay and the social event the GOP has planned they will bring their big $ to apply pressure re: Davos.
Totally get it $$ drives all.Davos nomination in danger-she paid a lot of $ for a position she is unqualified for
simply not true previous secretaries all had background in education.
education has never been a priority. Hard to attract quality teacher when there's no $$. You're right, pathetic.
Senator thank you for your eloquent defense of public education. I also applaud you for shining a light on underhanded GOP acts
ask questions. fight hard. fight4 teachers union. if u took senate scrutiny seriously,  then why not reject nuclear option '13
Nice speech today (on the Senate floor).
seen you on  floor about Betsy DeVOS, you made me see the light she is the woman we need to run the education. 
yes I saw too! @PattyMurray was a disgrace as @SenWarren disgusting and irrelevant!@BetsyDeVos is the right choice
Thank you! @tedcruz @JohnCornyn take note and #StopDeVos
keep up the good fight for our children . We are with you. NO ON BETSY DEVOS.
funny....Dems can dish it out but you eat it now. We put up with 8 years of your crap.....it your turn now!#licktheshitspoon
This is a must. People should know that being a major Repub donor is not a qualification for this important job @SenToomey
she is never going to but  we will just keep fighting #ResistTrump
Thank you for your articulate response to DeVos. You are spot on and courageous.
awe poor dems didnt get to ask their questions. Boohooo ahould of asked better questions. Shes in and youre washed up
Thanks for NO vote on DeVos. I was in special ed, I'm a mom, & grad student in special ed.  DeVos is danger for FAPE for all
yes she is. Keep her out of public service. Keep up the good work.
We stand, we shout, we resist. We need more action that can give us hope and the energy to continue 2 stand, to shout, 2 resist
what can a regular citizen do to stop ?
put a stop to her!
Please stand strong on this and Pruitt.  Some lines must be drawn in the sand (in cement if need be!).
You rule!
Thank you Senator!
thank you for voting No to DeVos and standing by parents and children ! #DUMPDEVOS
Voting for her would go against the union funding you?
please give trump the same treatment the republican gave to president Obama . Trump is a bully
Allan of Trump's picks are wrong.
HURRAY!!!!
Thank you for your comments, you are so right!
Choice.
you call this "standing with parents" by blocking #schoolchoice  ?
Thank you Senator for the stands you have taken and the great work you are doing.
Thank you for fighting this one! Washington State appreciates it!
Don't lump all of Washington in to your silly comments!!
We've got your back!
Brought and paid for by the UNIONS. Can't wait for the next election cycle, we are watching your support OF OUR PRESIDENT!!
#DeVos is perfect. Why? Because the @HouseDemocrats don't like her. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Educate Educate Educate 
Thank you, Senator.
haven't stood with me over the last 30 years. 
Public schools are hell.
as one of your constituents,  I thank you for your hard work and persistence in resisting this administration. 
#StopDeVos
our public schools have become a tool for Left indoctrination.  #DaVos, through school choice will mitigate this trend.
I'm concerned with the vote happening after the donor party this weekend.
Thank you for continuing to fight!  Proud you are my senator!  Keep it up!
the only thing you stand with is the teacher union
Thank you!
Get Collins on board when it's time for the floor vote.
.@PattyMurray keep fighting Senator!
Please make sure ALL your Democratic colleagues vote against her. And some Republicans.
keep up the pressure! Thank you. Proud that you represent us Washingtonians.
You forgot the union's, who spend 95% of their political funds on Dems. No wonder you're so opposed. And students? #Pandering
Best sign that I have seen " If teachers have to be "Highly Qualified" why wouldn't Betsy DeVos?" She has nothing to offer.
Right on!
vote NO! @SenateGOP stand up for American values. The majority of Americans find her against kid's in America.voteNO

...and, of course, you'll be voting NO ON SESSIONS as well, right?
as a public educator I thank you for standing up for or children!
so your share your liberal bias with your students?
actually, I'm a republican. But thanks.
I doubt you're a Rep if you don't support school choice.
it's not all or nothing. You can disagree with your party on certain issues you know.
absolutely.  But choice is huge.  I have witnessed, and told by my kids, Liberal indoctrination.  Terrible.
we have a schools of choice program in our district as well as charter schools. It's not all it's cracked up to be
ours is excellent.  I think choice is important though; even better trade schools.
Thank you Senator Murray.
You are doing good work, doing the right thing, fighting a tough fight. Thank you.
THANK U SEN MURRAY FOR DOING THE RIGHT THING! WASHINGTON CONSTITUENT IS PROUD OF U!!!
Thank you Senator Murray! Keep fighting!
Dear Senator Murry,

Thank you for standing up to Trump. 

You know what you need to do now.

#AmendmentXXV
Everyone that Reps send thru...SCRUTINY and WATCHFUL EYES will be the Dems Renewed Agenda! Pass Out The Whistles!! :)
@AmericanIndian8 @NancyPelosi @charlierose @SenSchumer
and yes agree on DeVis, but Russia attacked our Republic with intent to elect this guy. @FBI @SenateGOP @SenateDems
#Russia
did you know that Russia attacked the U.S. to elect the guy in office? Yeah, happened 90 DAYS AGO!!
@POTUS44 @SenateFloor
no you don't you and @DNC stand with your teacher union donor bosses you or progressive gave a damn about kids or parents.
Thank you Senator. Our future is at stake with opposing this nomination Please fight with all you have #noDevos
our public school system is a mess! Common core is making lots of $$$for unions, lobbiestPM.Our kids lose! THINK AGAIN
Patty we applaud you & the rest of the Dem. party.Truly time to listen to supporters & block everything. Say NO to Autocracy
Thank you!!
WE THANK YOU! Please keep fighting for us!

