Thank you for working for families
Please don’t
Why? This bill is DESPERATELY needed to solve the ACTUAL problems with hour HC system unlike Trump(Dont)Care
I want Single Payer as much as the next progressive, but I am not a greedy purist like the #NeverHillary bunch: I am willing to take
Have u ever heard of the VA hospital system it is single payer. It doesn’t work
It used to work before Reagan got involved and tried all that free market crap.
We have not had a free market for a long time to much money to be made by public servants like Hillary and bill the rapist
Free market "economics" is myth spread by oligarchs to convince poor people to let rich people do whatever the hell they want.
Marxism is just there to convince u that u will be equally as poorly off as the next guy as long as they aren’t in charge
Thank you for working on a bipartisan approach to solving healthcare.
Thank you Sen Murray for undoing Trump #ACAsabotage!  I sure hope @SenCoryGardner and @SenBennetCO are on board. @Colorado_AAP #copolitics
Guess who's received over $1,200,000 from the "health industry"? No wonder we can't get #MedicareForAll, but #Mexico has #singlepayer.
Almost every country on tge planet has managed to achieve this. Smh
Back this for Kansas @SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran @RogerMarshallMD We do not want more chaos over ACA.
Great work-we must compromise-so much bluster-so much ignorance-so tired of pompous ego/real people are impacted
Must continue to do things like this/that will keep America great-not rhetoric
Thanks Senator.
THIS IS SUCH A FRAUD!! The taxpayers of this country want Single-Payer and the theatrics we're getting is nothing but patronizing. 2018
Thank you very much Ma'am. FYI, I would not have your job for all the money in the world.
Is it going to reduce premiums to pre-ACA rates? $750 before, $2800 after, UNFREAKINGBELIEVABLE!
I’m proud of my Senator Murray!@PattyMurray
This is the least you can do to help the most vulnerable Americans!  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
AWESOMELY AMEN
Thank you, Senator.  Hope this the start of sanity in D.C. No thanks to @DonaIdTTrump
Thank you Senator Murray! In the bizzaro world of Trump, its heartening to see leadership from both parties working on behalf of the people.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for being my representative and doing something to save the ACA. Please save Medicare and Medicaid, too!  #bipartisanship rules
I've lived in the 206 area since 1980. Voted for you now...3 times (?), 4 (?). Very proud of you.
Great. Libs are showing they are interested in m
MAGA
Thank you for fighting for the Ppl you great! Keep up the good work hopefully the in the WH won't screw things up he doesn't like to read.
Including Iowa!

@RepDavidYoung 
@SenJoniErnst 
@ChuckGrassley.
@IAGovernor
Thank you!
You go, Patty!!! Stay strong!! People everywhere are counting on you!
Go Patty Go!!!!  Thank you for your persistence!!!

Thankyou! 
Rogelio nieto García Imágenes de amor para celulares
No...Big Healthcare will be even stronger. Families will continue to lose loved ones and go bankrupt.
Great news re bipartisan effort. @pattymurray
Thank you for everything you're doing.
Thank you for your tenacity, Senator and @SenAlexander 
This gives me hope and is what governance and leadership look like
Please work for Medicare for All instead of kicking the can down the road with more wealth transfer to insurers and zero cost controls.
I lost my doctor. You said I could keep my doctor. You said I would save $2500. I pay $10,000 more. You lied. BAmacare is dreadful.
Thank you
Well done - I loved hearing this short-term bipartisan agreement today! Keep remarks positive as we all #loveamerica. #respectforall
Then enact Medicare for All. Let's solve this problem for good!!
novel concept working together to get things done! imagine if that happened every day what you all could accomplish for the American people!
I want to thank you Sen. Murray for your part in saving our healthcare Thank you from the bottom of my heart! Don’t hurt Medicaid/Medicare
Thank you for caring and trying madame Senator
I would like to know,what sort of health care does the Goverment have, and do they pay same as  citizens, who aren't from the Goverment.
Thank you for never giving up.

Finally doing your job. This is what it’s like when you have congress doing their job and not having a president making crap up as he goes.
Please, I've voted for you since the 90s. You HAVE to get the word out that you were working on this BEFORE @realdonaldtrump pulled the CSR payments. Dems have to start calling him out on each & every lie! Don't live with any regret. We need DC Dems to get louder! #FlipTheGOP
Obama said you should be saving at least $2,500. What happen d ?
#singlepayerorSTFU
Thanks, we love you.
Congress is God damn whorehouse. u could give a rats ass about people
every insurance company will be richer just like pharma is richer even if you killed people .. repeal this law
Wrong.
I'm allot of things but on this I am certainly not wrong. people like you are part of the problem. We R pillaged&raped by a corrupt congress
What you are is a waste of my time
Thank you!
I am Inpatinet
Rather than worrying about getting better
I worry if I can come back if ever I needed to!
Thank you for hope!
Senator Murray...First off, THANK YOU! But, what about attempts to CUT MEDICARE & MEDICAID in budget??

Does agreement have any protections?
Same thing was said concerning Obama Care.
Ha, as usual, it takes a woman to lead the dumb horses to the water! Thank you Senator!
