They. Don't. Care. @GOP damage is done.
Why only stop at 15$? Why not 20$ or higher?
Spread some of your wealth and reduce the number!
Bernie, the Cuban Regiment that you support had invaded Venezuela, training thousands of killers, who are killing the population. SOS
Bernie we tried socialism the last eight years look where at. How's the investigation on your wife stealing money
I actually care about what happens to people, Senator. The real minimum wage is, and always will be, $0. This will destroy jobs.
min wage should be 22.50 hr basic income is a necessity. 15$ is not radical it's a watered down olive branch
min wage does not kill business monopoly's,outsourcing, and illegal corporate practices do
Have you ever thought of what it's going to do to the cost of services of a small businessman? Reportedly were 80% of the workforce is from?
$15 will only cut public assistance benefit to the poor and prices will continue to go high, this is a very serious situation.
MW jobs will disappear entirely as the rate increases. What then?
Service jobs at McDonald's is not a career. Choices. I should not have to pay for your bad choices!
Some jobs are worth less than $15/hr.  That's reality.  Making it illegal to employ workers for those jobs helps nobody.
Not workers...illegal aliens.
Bernie Sanders is a disgrace. He is a part of the progressive left that wants to globalize everything and remove all borders so that they can rule the planet. If space travel was in vogue they would all be marking territory in the universe!
Clearly, you have no idea what libertarian means. Sanders is a Socialist/Marxist. He appeals to the ignorant young & to illegals bc they think it'll get them free stuff.
We need a federal mandate for States to increase minimum wage based on the needs in that individual state
The living wage in Idaho is going to be significantly lower than the living wage in New York.
Doesn't make sense for them to have same minimum wage.
Huh? These federal minimum wage levels help those living in lower cost of living areas most. Idaho's minimum wage right now is 7.25.
We know for sure your not living in poverty at all
get some skills people. radical? my near 50% tax burden to cover your ass.
Capitalism is a religion. Its first commandment is cheat & lie and make it legal for the super rich. See: Aid SCAM
Socialism is a mental illness.
Thank you for your opinion.
Look a Venezuela for the affects of socialism.
You confuse social dictatorship with social democracy. Why don't you look at Norway, Sweeden, Denmak, Netherland, etc.
Ok let's throw economics in affect. Their tax rate is ridiculously high. Which is why there are not a lot of businesses there like here.
Sweden and Denmark are know for being some of the best countries for businesses.
They don't have as many there as here. Their population before the migrant crisis was a LOT smaller so it was easier. The US is to big.
Silly Bernie. You skipped Econ 101 didn't you. Kick back in mansion #3 and read a book or 2. Mmmmkay?
I don't see your argument ? Is he not fighting for PEOPLE?
Intentions may b decent, tho misguided. Min wage increases have been shown 2 b detrimental 2 people & overall economy especially small biz
How has minimum wage increase shown to be detrimental to People?
Sorry for influx of links, I want you to know I'm not just playing the usual twitter run your mouth game
who would pay for that Bernie ?
sure, if you want massive unemployment that'd be a way to do it.
Lol you mean a "small reduction in employer profits?" Because let's be real here, without the people to work in their stores, how would retail companies make money?
We need price roll backs
So the Rich stay rich
that isnt a problem solved by a $15 wage which would just adjust everything upwards. its solved by training people to do meaningful work.
Wow. Blast from the past. I'm on board with 15/hour at this point
What about areas with lower costs of living whose economy couldn't sustain a $15 minimum wage?
Inflation will happen and nothing will change
Except you also can't keep median wages flat for decades and expect no problems. Change is necessary, but must also work.
Increasing the wage isn't the answer though. If someone knew the answer, then the problem would be solved
The answer is to make the wealthy pay their fair share. That's when it DID work
It's easy to be generous with the money of others.
Poverty, which according to Ben Carson, is a "state of mind." Keep fighting, Sen. Sanders - thanks!
Well it is. It's beginning to not be but yes, currently you can start from any class and move up to any class with the right decisions.
Bernie, you and I would love to believe that Socialism works. I have very bad news for you .
Not every job is meant to be a career.  Rather thn demanding a higher min age. How about people getting an education  a skill just a thought
Because getting an education is putting me 100k in debt to only get a job that won't even pay enough to make pmnts on said loans.
A lot depends on the degree.  But hiking min wage leads to more automation. Sorry flipping burgers doesn't warrant 15 an hour .
Neither does a degree in Gender Studies, #BLM #WhoteShaming #SocialJustice
You got it.
Again. Why do you want Americans to be poor?
Um... what? How is increasing min. wage making Americans poor? 
Did you learn math at Trump U?
Did you skip economics class? Raising minimum wages has a much MUCH bigger effect than un/low skilled workers making more than they do now
What you just said: 1) does not disprove what I said. 2) your sentence barely makes sense. What's your point?
Of course increase of wage has bigger effect, that isn't necessarily a bad thing...
And people with more disposable income means also healthier economy. So no, didn't skip econ class, seems you did though? Projecting much?
Here, a bit of reading on the subject of wealth redistribution for you:
the #business killer!
Sorry but that isn't really true, studies have shown that companies that tend to pay more do better and retain a lower turnover rate.
Yes and do well when my employees are healthy and happy.
That so trumpian don't address the issue just attack without any facts.
You didn't you called me a liar sir. With no fact base to support your claim. Done with your mindless attempts.
What’s radical is that Libturds pay what turns out to be “constituents” welfare to sit on their ass so they become dependent and never get enough education to get better than a minimum wage job. It’s how Libturds control. That’s radical Burnme.
Pres Clinton said same: that no one who works 40 hrs/wk should live in poverty.
I went to Walmart recently, comrade, your $15 an hour minimum wage means there are self check outs everywhere and three people running the entire store.
I realize YOU had no incentive to further Your education, but min wage teaches US youth to do just that! #NvrStopLearning
$15 am hour wage increase, without being staggered for youth and servers, will shut many small businesses/restaurants. Balance!!
That's been proven to be untrue.. don Seattle at least. Business have continued to thrive.
Or a socialist has 3 homes
Honestly, it would be weird if he wasn't a home owner at this stage in his life. He earned it. Life long Congressman working for the people.
You missed the point entirely
My wife and I are among those people... Greed keeps us from earning a livable wage. Poor stay poor rich get richer.
I had to give plasma to eat. Now own #1 lawncare biz in a medium sized city. Get off ur but. Stuff envelopes or whatever but blaim urself
Seriously don't come in mid conversation and put ur 2cents in. I already said I work my ass off.
Ok little buddy.
Is it hard for someone to ask for a raise or get a better job?
What makes you think small businesses can afford 100% increase in belabor costs. This will close businesses and cost US  jobs. THINK BERNIE!
increased buying power from employees offset increased labor. people who normally couldn't afford a service now can
For the purpose of your argument why not pay employees $100 per hour because they will simply spend it all back into market right?
They will. I spend 100 pct of my income. Every dollar goes back into the economy. Billionaires pull money out and send it off shore
$15.00 an hour is logical and people can't qualify for food stamps, section 8 housing, Medicaid. This saves Feds and states $$ $$$.
Stop! You're making too much sense lol ;)
So, youre one of those bigoted Okie country bumpkin, sexist, racist, inbred, sloped foreheaded neanderthals my mom told me about.. 
Done with the name calling? Anyway if you raise cost of the workers you end up raising the cost of products. This gets your right...
Back where you started. What you do is you work your way up then start living on your own.
The problem with the MW is that it hasn't increased in 14 years. In today's cost of living, wages should be $26.00 ph. $15 ph is fair
Tbf. It ws raised frm 6.55 2 7.25 in 2008 lol. Also wages have went since 01 when i went in as an entry level receptionist makn 14/hr
that anyone lives in poverty, bernie
never!
Can you keep your mouth shut, you're spewing shit everywhere.
Good one, that really got to me.
Why not $50/hr? That'll lift those high-schoolers out of poverty. Take a course in economics and stop talking nonsense.
Why not $0.50 an hour? Your logic is flawed
No minimum wage is a much better idea than $15/hr
You win for the most correct tweet.
Agreed. I find it stupid the lack of control companies have over their own money. If they choose to pay low why stop them. Nobody is forced.
Senator, Obamacare gave companies waivers to limit work hours & avoid paying ObamaCare, forcing people to work 2-3 jobs to meet basic needs.
Sanders is a proponent of Single payer, not Obama Care.
I understand. I'm sharing why the number of people working 40-50 hour weeks has exploded in the last 8 years. One Word: OBAMACARE.
Getting a decent wage for your efforts (and $7-$8) is not, is what Sanders is pushing for.
It all depends on the Cost Of Living Index. In Northern California, that would be an impossible wage. In Mississippi that's a great wage.
McDonald's only purpose is to introduce young "kids" into the work field, it a minimal job requiring minimal education and minimal skills
Know what's radical? Waiting till age 40 to get a paycheck and then becoming a senator to live off of the taxpayer's dime.
Lmao not like any other politician ever done that before 
That's not a good thing.
I work 65 hours a week and I'm still broke as fuck help me bernie
haven't heard one word bout people busting their ass to support their fam living week to week an struggling?
What
referring to making decent money don't help anymore, and it's all about supporting peeps with free shit an burger jobs
Yo I bust my fucking ass at a shitty fast food service job. Doesn't make me less hard working or deserving of anything.
You are crazy I own a small business some job titles don't warrant that amount plan an simple

No they don't. They're bad with money. And minimum wage wont fix that even if u made it $30 an hour. Get real

Rent and bills to live alone $1,000+ monthly per person, not including Food, health care or a car.  $15 an hour is $2400 a month before tax
surfs up bro
Minimum wage jobs are for teenagers just starting out. Not full grown adults who can't take care their own damn selves.
Sickening that Republicans/Conservatives even call themselves prolife, yet have no compassion for the working class. Appalling!
I have a relative that works very hard for so little. If he didn't live with a family member he would be homeless.
Like me. College educated and I can't get a job to support the basics of living. I don't even have a car.
Bro people who really work hard work like 60 hours a week shut up
I make 15.05 an hour why should I support this
Higher minimum wage = more cost-effective automation. I don't wanna be replaced by a touch screen, Bernie.
That's called slavery!!! They just dont understand.
You don't even pay your own people $15 an hour. Sell your 3rd vacation house.
Keep talking crazy man... this coming from someone living in multi million dollar home..gated..with armed security. Phony old a- hole
Just get my order right 75% of the time....then we can talk.
Why to you keep whining about "the man" keeping people down? You own THREE houses. Working people's money supports your lavish lifestyle.
Why not $30.00 / hr?
$60?
I love your kindergarten logic that leads you to believe that all jobs are worth at least $15 an hour. Some jobs just don't generate much $
You know what's radical for libtards?  Asking people to start at the bottom and work/earn their way up the financial ladder.
Yes, sir. Can't say "they're poor cuz they're lazy."  That's a full-time job...and still living in poverty.
a company has a $50 /hr payroll. they pay 5 people 10/hr. bump that to 15/hr and you now have 2 unemployed people. wake up.
Minimum wage jobs are intended as an entry-level positions… Not careers
So after that kills jobs, causes inflation which will hurt the middle class whose wages wont raise, then what? Become total gov't slaves?
Or let me guess,raise  min. wage again because you won't learn the cause & effect of policies?or maybe you want to make us dependent on gov?
The 2 most violent things in the history of mankind: islam and socialism. You love both
It would be radical if you acknowledged the connection between wage stagnation and immigration.
You know what else is radical, that high school drop outs expect to have the same income as college graduates.
If you increase min wage, companies will just just respond in kind with a reduced workforce and increased prices.
Most small biz barely make enough to survive. Baltimore's Dem Mayor reneged on $15 min wage after reality check of shuttered biz, lost jobs.
Thank you for speaking up for the 99%! You're awesome! 
Go to college. Get a real job. Don't live in poverty. Problem solved
JUST BECAUSE YOU BRING IN THOUSANDS PER  WEEK FOR YOURSELF,DOESN'T MEAN THAT NORMAL PEOPLE CAN'T LIVE WELL W/ A 40 HR. WEEK JOB.
And sometimes can't afford housing while working full time
A $15 minimum wage would only make everything else go high and the problem would be worse.
Bernie FACE IT! You're SO insignificant that your OWN party didn't hesitate an IOTA to cheat against you! THAT is being INSIGNIFICANT!!!
There's probably no way to actually get his party affiliation more incorrect than this. Congratulations.
poverty created by Democrats giving away what others have worked for!
Oh u mean the real welfare queen..u know big corporations with their billion dollar bailouts
Oppression at it's worst.
@benmarinojourno can't believe how low wage the US actually is! Disgraceful
So looking forward to hearing you in the UK!
Wonder why the cost of living is skyrocketing in California shortly after raise the minimum wage...oh wait.
Because of Obama care many ppl that work 40 - 50 hrs a week have 2 jobs.
Ya think about the small businesses that can't afford to pay more than 1 employee or small diners and the cost of food or product it's dumb
Than why pay someone else $15 an hour if some 14 year old would do it for $10?
Than get a job and earn a promotion that gives you a raise like the millions before us lmao
Yeah that would be very radical if it were true. U shoulda went to school instead of just crying about  and maybe you'd know something
Great.  News.    Sports.     @SI_PHnews    @ESPNCFB    @ESPNNBA    @cnnbrk   @cnnphilippines    @CNNnews18    @KyungLahCN@NHRA  @RonCapps28
You know what's even more radical? You still don't understand economics.
You're a crackpot
Raising min wage is a bandaid solution. That on its own will not decrease the income gap. Cost of products will go up and  1 of 2
I blame the government for failing the people for not creating jobs in that wage scale
Minimum wage isn't made for a family of four... or greater... it's made for single to two people. You're not meant to stay your whole life
On minimum wage. You're supposed to move up in world and away from minimum wage.
You know companies will raise prices to cover the wage increase.
Yes. Good plan. So the mega co.'s can implement robots. Which already exists. Foolish.
I work a $20/hr full time job, with benefits and I still can't afford an apartment for me and my son. It's ridiculous.
You know what else is is radical? Providing short term relief to workers via inflation, resulting in long term harm for them.
@MichiganNation2 your a snow flake
So if minimum wage goes up $5 for a minimal job should others get a $5 raise to compensate for? Cuz if I'm making $21/hr for running half a
I hope u r not going to run for president again.
I think a larger issue is that minimum wage jobs aren't supposed to be permanent. Get a better job if you want more money!
They made poor life choices. And if you cannot get promoted at Mcdonalds or burger King that is not society's problem.
Ideally it might work. But practically I don't think it will. Instead of a long winded explanation I'll just say: because I'm cynical
you do understand that raising the minimum wage is going to cause more people to lose their jobs, right?
Of course we can not have poor people comfortable.  We need them desperate so they believe our lies easier.
Union busters
And now they want to take away their insurance from all that hard labor for practically nothing. #Slavery
Imagine you've taken econ 101 and can realize how absurd your policies really are.
Lived in car/tent as child while my parents earned $2-$3 to feed us.Hard labour & conditions.Most not asking for handouts just fairness.
Base living wage is a SAG BG contract. About $20/hr, guaranteed 8, BR and lunch, time and a half at 9, doubletime and dinner at 12, P&W
AMEN!
groom the next candidate who will represent the people's interests for our next big election in 2020.
Should be a minimum "liveable" wage.
The right wing replies to this are disturbing and stupid
Hey Bernie, tell them your trick to get a Participation Trophy of a Lake House and a Sport car for caving and handing the election to HRC
You know what else is radical? Taking something by force with the threat of violence and saying it's for the good.
AND DNC staffer murder investigations being obstructed by DNC!! #SethRichCoverUp
we need equal education for every body not only for the riches who have the opportunity to pay
Try working 90 hours a week and still unable to fully pay bills.
They live in poverty because YOU SHOWED THEM THE EASY ROAD TO GOVERNMENT SUPPORT.  Min wage is not a career choice. It should be temporary
better yet, let's just give everyone a salary, and a job! Oh wait, that's socialism and it doesn't work.
Somehow regulations should be developed to decrease the income gap between high and low. The money is there for all to make enough
They don't care Bernie we who work for min wage are beneath them
Then stop importing cheap labor and let the market determine a fair wage! It's not rocket science.
I swear minimum wage jobs are the hardest 2 because everyone treats u like shit. If ur lucky enough 2 live in a right 2 work state
Hey Bernie your 8 years to late. Go back to your fake reality where you think people care what you have to say you. Or buy your 5th home
Say living wage instead. Life is hard on $15.5 /hr now.
And you what else is radical? Inflation. Did you know that inflation is a bitch or are you still stuck in your own oblivious world?
Then stop taxing them?

Say it, bernie!
Great Idea! With a $15 min wage instead of working 40-50 hours a week and live in poverty they would instead be unemployed and be in poverty
$15 dollar per hour minimum wage is too much for most small businesses to stay in business. That's common sense. #SocialismSucks
You're*
Cut the pay and benefits of congressmen and senators
Quit giving there money to people who work zero hours a week.....
did Jane teach you economics
Don't be a dumbass
Really Bernie. Look at the businesses going under and laying people off due to areas that already have it.
Bernie you kissed Hillary's ass after she stabbed you in the back what do you know
You could introduce a bill stating that businesses must pay a sustainable wage, without forcing employees to depend on welfare.
Yes, but do you know a $15 minimum wage is radical to Democrats? #EndTheDuopoly
No Bern, what's radical to republicans is that people will then have to PAY $20 dollars for a hamburger at McDonald's!!
...and that American taxpayers are funding food stamps etc. for hard-working Americans b/c their corporations won't pay a living wage
Pay me
Ain't nobody paying you $15 to press buttons on a cash register
Doesn't matter Bern-Bern. Those who pay $15 will raise prices to cover the payroll. = Rich get richer.
Raising minimum wage will only move the poverty line higher. What about jobs now that are between 8-17/hr? All wages increased...
And when their wages are increased and they are making as much as skilled workers, why keep a skilled job that is more taxing on you?
And this will push the cost of services and goods and make fixed income recipients fall further below the poverty line making government
Assistance programs need to get larger and pay more, costing taxpayers even more and straining the system even more...you're pushing for
The collapse of the system. Is this your hope so you can impose real socialism on America? Trade in freedom for security?
And no health insurance ...
You said it all Bern.
They should have made better life choices. This is one of the easiest countries to work your way up the chain and that shouldn't change.
LOL, this country is one of the easiest countries to also get your ass educated. So why don't you start educating your ignorant ass?
I am buddy.
Apparently not.
If you want to show me how I'm wrong then go ahead.
Ppl who work 40-50 hrs/week wouldn't live in poverty if you damn Dems would keep your grubby hands off our earned money.
Employees have to break even. It's economic failure if working for a scrooge company leads to increased personal debt.
@SenSanders Retire!
What is it gonna take for the American people to become an honest & caregiving Employers?
A $15 minimum wages gets us a $10 happy meal...big business will always hit their margins. Stop raising the wage...
You know what else is radical?  Paying $15 for a cheeseburger at mcdonalds.
Or being replaced by s robot
All three houses will be a little more empty after your wife goes to the slammer.
Share your wealth
Know what's even more radical? Millions of hard working Venezuelians can't buy food. Socialism doesn't work,Bernie!
Bernie work for 15 bucks an hr then! Didnt think so.
Get an education, so that you can get a job that will provide, not a part time job!  Those jobs aren't to provide on.  #seriously
Show up Stay Clean Keep the Dream.
Yet how much money have you made off the tax payers?
This conversation is all about angry old men being mad about paying any type of wages for labor. Especially since it was free!
