if you do not want children do not have intercourse there is many ways to satisfy your animal NEEDS
Ignorance at its extreme.
pregnancy is preventable
Yup turn it around and make sure you buy a box of Trojans.
that's true people should take responsibility for their actions
Get the women Senators together. Stay away from our birth control!
Birth control not only HARMS women's bodies, but it gets in our water, & food & causes harm to men & women who NEVER have used it!
For the GOP, it is now about abstinence.
FOR TRUE CHRISTIANS IT'S ALWAYS BEEN ABOUT ABSTINENCE!
You say you're being clear, but you're fogging the issue. You want carte blanche to kill small people. Maybe reevaluate your life choices.
A woman that won't share her life with a new born is as selfish as a woman can get.
what if you made all the people that don't want anybody to have guns buy me a gun. can you see where I am going with this?
That’s like saying make all the women that don’t want an abortion have one. Extreme example that doesn’t even apply.
How is this not a violation of separation of church and state?
I think you are getting the 1st amendment twisted.
With highest maternal death rate in develop nations and only one where it is rising. It is about saving lives.
Wouldn't it be more about saving lives IF we help other women in other countries have healthy babies-than to kill the innocent/vulnerable?
I9000000 411
Can't birth control be bought OTC?
Congress watching @realDonaldTrump insanity & not one is stepping up to help remove an obvious danger to our country!
ideology meaning keep women pregnant and in the kitchen. we will not go there quietly. Know this you jerks.
Of course 'financially secure' is not a factor in the minds of those who were born into wealth and taught to worship it. Abe Lincoln was not
It's not about ideology! It's about being forced to support women who don't care about killing innocent babies with our tax dollars.
It’s not my job to pay for your sex drive
Insurance doesn't cover birth control for men, so with all your whinning about equal right just buck up and get over it.
I don’t understand why you expect American taxpayers to foot the bill for birth control.  It’s obvious you want us to pay for everything.
We at the Women's Health On Reproductive Education Service(WHORES) of America support your message
Then they should pay for it.
I didn't hear the part where he said prevention methods would be illegal.
I beg to differ! You are making it about ideology. I don't want to fund a clinic that provides abortions. How about the baby's rights?
Why not over basic health insurance for everyone. All these extras the individual can cover the cost of adding them on.
Why are we trying to use reason with these unreasonable men? We hold the ultimate power. Women, go on strike: NO birth control? NO SEX.
It's time to show men that birth control is not just a women's issue. Women, use your power: No birth control = no sex.
Not government responsibility.
I used bc to keep my job. My pcos and endometriosis were killing me. Birth control is more than family planning. #womensrightsarehumanrights
Why does GOP want to de-regulate everything except womens health?
The tRump policy will inevitably lead to more abortions.
It's about our rights and it's time to get NASTY.  Our DEM reps seem to do a lot of talking but no action. It's up to us women to show 45
What real chaos looks like. On every street at every golf course he's at. Roe vs Wade repeal is coming I fought to hard to let that happen
Its about killing babies.
How about free Viagra?
What did the poor ignorant masses due before #goverment provided contraceptives?
Time for you politicians to start doing something besides talking!
Birth Control has nothing to do with being healthy or financially secure poor and rich alike can plan family growth.
Or, we could just go all radical and try a little-known idea called, "The Free Market" where the gov't doesn't interfere with my choices.
I want to sue this guy!this cant be legal. How would any employer have this kind of power - sick and twisted
You know what else makes families financially secure...I'm gonna keep calling until you back #SinglePayer
I hope you get voted out soon geed
Of course it is. They just want to politicize every stinking thing to cause hate and discontent in the people to hide their greedy plans.
You fail to realize that by saying Trump Admin, you actually mean "the majority of Americans"
So please then regulate Viagra!!
Senator do you really use the same HEALTHCARE? I CALL BULLSH***T.
You want the  government to steal at the threat of prison to fund your program and subsidize destructive behavior, and you have no ideology?
Women claim it is my body. I said it is federal money my monies i pay.
If trump wants women to be secure then he should pass equal pay, but I know he won't do that.
Trump Just Want To Dismantle President Obama Legacy, And Not Care Who He Hurt Doing It
then have them get out their wallet, not mine.  It is preceisely about ideology, you think Govt should nanny state everything.
He's not stopping any woman from getting birth control. Please use birth control before getting pregnant. Abortion is not birth control.
No, he wants to make it about him. It's all about him getting his narcissistic fill. Any attention will do.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Stop DSHS CA from kidnapping our Children for profit!! This is human trafficking!! No child is safe in WA state from DSHS CA!!
Ideology? All our God who created heaven and Earth about that. His answer is in the Bible
What’s a woman to do? No birth control or abortion. Rhythm method perhaps? Good luck with that!
Remove the viagra coverage .
No it's not. I don't want to pay for it like i don't want to pay for ABORTIONS.
OK so we quit funding planed parenthood! I'll go for that.
Every day they sink to a new low. This is insanity! Punishing women in 2017 is crazy.  I will be donating to @ACLU! @SCOTUS here we come!
WTF buy your own stuff. Do you not drive  because the government did not buy you a car? Woman want equal rights. Nobody buys anything for me
Men have to buy their own birth control, why can't women?
Absolutely no one has the right to take away a woman's control of her own body. Anything less is slavery.
The best birth control is not having sex. Simple as that.
Doesn't PP give out free birth control?
What about viagra?
Trump has no respect for women, and the GOP agenda is always about controlling women, nothing else.
Unfortunately , It's about less beer french fries pot for many.  Wish the money were directed to the people who really deserve  it get  more
Hahaha if only @RepTimMurphy had made sure his mistress was on birth control. @GOP y'all sure y'all don't want BC available for mistresses?
You have continued to think abortion is a birth control! Your sick and need to be voted out of office.
Just think how financially secure #SinglePayer would make them. Why won't you support it?
He wants to make it about necessity and closing loopholes to fund baby killing.zzz
Birth control is a women's health issue, which is why Trump and his bunch of cohorts don't care about it.
Why can't women pay for there own?!?!
Trump is wrong on everything, we need a new stabilizing president.
Controlling your life as a woman....Cynthia HARRIS hello Portland Oregon formally Bay Area
Let them buy their own contraceptives. I did it for all my life. No big deal.
Republicans want to make EVERYTHING ideology.
Soon they will say...after one child you must have a hysterectomy. Now there’s your birth control. Right @GOP  @SenateGOP what you wish 
ThanksSenator! but we must insist IDEOLOGY is NOT A FORM OF GOVERNANCE. belief is not truth or knowledge>must stop sayin god bless america
Tell us, Senator, how many women will this actually affect? What businesses are exempt? Misleading, again.
Sex is the leading cause of abortions. Just remeber that.
Constitutional right to bodily autonomy. Uteri are not objects subject to popular or governmental votes. Abortion=sterilization w/o control.
Remember:

In the new Putin America Limp D***s are covered, Birth Control NYET.
#TrumpRussia #TrumpsCorruption #TrumpLies
It is obvious what Trump is trying to do. He and some in Congress were likely in Office through Russian altering of digital voting results.
Very soon, Trump will consolidate military support and declare himself God and Nation.
Congress, if you were not elected by Russion hacking, impeach and convict Trump and Sessions. We are on the verge of a dictatorship.
It's about power of little men
Abortion isn't birth control. Late term abortion is barbaric murder sanctioned by government.
@GOP going back in time. NOT progressive, but REGRESSIVE: Place religion in politics, gun wielding at rallies, tiki torches, birth control!
But what about the rights of the fetus?
They are using their religion against me! This is an infringement of my rights!
Ideology from the man who publicly cheated on Ivana with Marla..guess he only picks the commandments he likes.. not one to judge morals
U can't go to cvs?
Stop acting like you care. It's all about a vote and vomiting democrats rhetoric

Good gods, people! Federal funding has never paid for abortions. Pull your head out of your bums and do some research!
Why do you continue to misrepresent the actions of our President.? These are lies and you know it

Rs want less abortions and got it through birth control for everyone. But reverse that? Cut health Ins. for children . Need more children ?
One would think @TimMurphyPA could get behind making sure BC is accessible to all.
Trump is trying to drag America backwards using decisive words,actions. @realDonaldTrump is incapable, & incompetent.
A TRUE CONSERVATIVE knows that the only thing worse than TERMINATING unwanted pregnancies is PREVENTING them in the first place!
LET STATES PAY FOR RUBBERS AND PILLS.
Who believes this shit? Grow up. #TermLimits
This is silly. It costs pennies and why should we pay for someone else's life decisions?
I want all the money paid back to me for the many years I paid for birth control. It cost me $30/ mth for 20 year's Do it now!

You know, it’s really so very, very sad that this man doesn’t have a clue about what women need! It’s mind-boggling how stupid he is!
That's why it's ideological: Trumpians want women to be not-secure.
And as a former practitioner of risky sexual behavior, Trump knows his ideaology
And it's our choice! He who does not own female parts have no business telling the ones that do anything. tired GOP agenda #birthcontrol
His actions hinder the fight against poverty and injustice.
you rock erin! also perpetuates ignorance, superstition and Power for Gain Credo, dreamed up by ancient cavetard Underman and his crony bros
I'd probably agree with you if I spoke your language.
Why don't women pay for their own birth control. Society does not have to contribute to every aspect of a person's life. Pay your own way.
Pay attention. This is about insurance plans offering coverage, like they do for ALL OTHER PRESCRIPTION DRUGS (including Viagra.)
It is the entire @gop that has made this issue about ideology. And then performed #hypocritical acts like @RepTimMurphy.
In fact, I have a friend who worked as a physician at @PPact. She was used to protesters preside their walls, then one day...
One of the protesters comes into the clinic, in disguise, with his daughter and consents to allow her to get an abortion. The next day...
He was once again, outside in the pocket line with pictures of dead fetuses. #deplorable behavior.
But I realize we are talking about the pill here. And it only makes sense, if you want to prevent unwanted pregnancies, then...
It's not about religion, it's another policy to advance an agenda based on the principle that in America, men come first. Period.
Oh that's not just in America, that's everywhere. Try Japan or Russia or any of the Asian countries.  Europe too, & Africa is 
remember the aspirin.
By birth control, do you mean abortion?  Cause I can stop right now and buy a contraceptive effective as any, and protects against STDs
So you must mean abortion, and it's sick to call abortion a financial security decision.  No not sick, repugnant
Please... that is the most flawed political argument around
Not even close... in extreme cases (rape and incest, provable) I'll listen.  Otherwise, the risk of sex is pregnancy.
I apologize, I would also be open in life and death.  I'm not an ass that says never.  I just say it's not birth control
