Patty's office depends on idiot's that believe she has your best interest, big bucks from the medical fields.
...compared to funding for republican candidates?
Make sense please, utter something that even sounds reasonable.
If you disagree with me, I must be on the right track... thanks!
All trains can derail just like the liberals train to glory, sucks to be in second place.
Thanks so much for your intelligent observation. It was very helpful.
The idea that a woman thinks she needs a village to pay for her birth control is disgusting. Maybe women should keep their legs together!
The idea that a man needs a village to pay for his prostate screening is disgusting. Men should rip out their prostates. See how that works?
Not even close to the same thing.
Yes actually it is,I don’t need BC 2 block birth. I need BC 2 control hormones& help me have periods , no periods=increased risk of cancer.
And your increased risk of cancer is a bad thing?! Stop assuming other people care.
So there goes your prostate screening that everyone pays for. Those pain meds that are covered. F*%# You, take care of your own sh**. 
LOL no one pays for my prostate except me and my PRIVATE health insurance.
Yes, exactly. Same thing. Wouldn't you be outraged if your private insurance company suddenly said "no more prostate screenings?"
To minimize risk of pro-hate elected again, REGISTER people to VOTE https://www.rockthevote.org/action-center/volunteer/ … - encourage people to VOTE - take people to VOTE
Hooray for Wa. State! Limiting funding 4 birth control results in more abortions. Limit funding for Viagra, instead!
Uhm... since your vajayjay & womb are your issues, so is your sex life. My money is my issue & it will not pay for your sex life. If you want us to leave you alone, leave us alone. Your sex life, vajayjay, & womb are your right. My tax money, my right. Be fair.
pay for it yourself
Tax payer wasting partisan hack.
Yeah everyone should have to fund your sexual adventures
How about crossing your legs & zipping up and stop bleeding us for your behavior problems!
How about a condom instead it cheap and prevents disease!
"Birth control is about being healthy & financially secure." WTF does this even mean? What is going on in that fevered cabbage of a brain?
Meanwhile,in developed world nobody thinks that universal health insurance is a  privilege, including birth control -check Northern Europe.
#fakenews Not taking away BC, Cher. Just not requiring employers to pay. #educateyourself
Birth Control is about responsibility. Be responsible for your own sexual health don't lay it off on me.
good luck the line is long we need people like you who will stand anyways thank you
Nope nope nope if you can't afford your own birth control keep your legs close..I don't want to pay for it..better yet Bob can pay for it..
Its Scantioned Murder @HuseinObama 's #4... ~ !

Thank you @PattyMurray for standing up for real people and not politicians pockets. I am proud to be a Washingtonian. 
Finally of voice of sanity, reason and compassion. Ryan Murphy is 100% dead on in calling this election a cult following. Mindless followers
Bob Ferguson should run for President

Everyone has always had access you nut!We DON'T want to pay for it !!
Take care of yourself and personal business! I can't even go to doc
Our deductible is sky high!! Because we're paying for everyone else !!Screw You Cher!!!!!!!!
Leave her alone
Wow you people don't get it this is just now your employer has a choice on including this in healthcare plus men don't take BC so
Tie them in a knot, that should save a lot of public support $'s!
@cher TRUMP'S A FASCIST He's more worried about the Const Amend. He's stupid on the 1st, supports the 2nd, but needs to worry about the 25th
Thank You!!!
Proud to be a Washingtonian!
Thank you
Since when did birth control make you financially secure?
Thank you Bob Ferguson. 
Thank you for actually representing the people and not a political agenda.
Yes AG Ferguson,
Women's educational & financial security rests with planning family timeline. To keep women from this security is criminal
Start Trump Impeachment process!
This is ridiculous
Proud of WA, OR, & CA!! West Coast leads the way!!
Obstinence and Natural way is safer and chipper, that’s what needs to be tweeted!
Awesome choice.
How much is a dead baby worth?  All about the money with you loser democrats
How is birth control for women, being healthy?
So proud to have Sen. Murray & AG Ferguson on my side.
Piss and moan Patty has a bag of  on her side . Both fighting for themselves. Patty gets money from drug companies and AG promoting himself
It takes an asshole to love an asshole the proof is in the I like Bob ferguson
Another waste of tax payer money for ideology and special interest
Awesome! Very proud to support you, and AG Ferguson!
Women have always had access. This is nonsense!
If you have money...if not you don't
BY YOUR OWN IT'S NOT OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO BY YOUR STUFF
She wouldn't want to miss big pharma dollars
Birth control has nothing to do with your health, 20.00 per month will not change any thing financially, oh my wake up
Just a thought but maybe @AGOWA could spend the money and resources processing the backlog of rape kits to fight for women!
http://www.atg.wa.gov/news/news-releases/ag-s-office-wins-3m-federal-grant-process-backlogged-sexual-assault-dna-evidence …
Thank you!  Birth control is basic healthcare.
Love Bob Ferguson!
WA speaks up again!  Thank you.
Why can't Washington State just provide free birth control for men and women. How hard could that be to achieve in this state?
I continue to be very proud of my state and our elected representatives. Thank you for all that you do.
I don't have a prostate. I think insurers shouldn't pay for prostate cancer screenings.
But that's not how insurance works!
No, honey, that's not how insurance works.
Nope.
If finances are such an issue, may I humbly suggest abstinence? Unlike what you're proposing it won't cost US taxpayers a dime.
Good news! The birth control mandate doesn't cost taxpayers a dime. Win win.
Who pays for it then???
It's cheaper for insurance companies to pay for birthcontrol.
Insurance companies make their money to pay for more "benefits" by raising premiums.  So, Jeremy can't say it doesn't cost taxpayers a dime
They ALSO make money by lowering costs.
Government force! Yeah!
$9 per month makes someone fina finally secure? DAMN! I remember Trump's admin being mocked for saying someone could buy a new car for $1000
You can’t get BC for $9 w/out Insurance. Factor in DR visit, pelvic exam, then the cost of BC. Orthotricyclen is $153 a monthw/out Insurance
Condoms are free at most clinics.  Birth control and disease prevention rolled up in one!  We all win!!!
But I don’t need condoms to help me have aPeriod to help me not get cancer because of hormonal imbalance. I also don’t need you to pay for
Anything at all, I can do that. But there are women who do need help with all of it. It isn’t only for stopping pregnancy
Love our @AGOWA
Bob Ferguson is good people.
