Is Trumpcare "mean"? Well, under Trumpcare, new mothers would pay as much as $1000 more a month just to get maternity care.
how do you know this Patty Murray?
You been screaming that you haven't had a chance to look at it cut negative stuff & be part of solution
Obamacare raised rates for my senior parents.
The cost  of treatment is a  fee shared by insurance company and patient, it doesn't necessarily go up.
In other words we can't afford it so we die.  Great, thanks @GOP for killing me and 24.999 million more. #daughterwife
Might as well call the coroner. I can't afford it
So you have read the Bill and know what is in it?
Filibuster, filibuster by amendment, withhold consent!
How would u know if u haven't seen it. Such liars
Premiums have gone up 252% - 600% in my area.  People could afford insurance before you Democrats got so intrusive.
Not the Dems sir, it's the greedy insurance companies trying to make the big bucks for shareholders and execs before change to Trumpcare.
No mama, it all went downhill after ACA   took over 1/6 the ecomony & headed for single payer as designed.....bad plan!
Take the profit out of Healthcare and you'll have a great plan.
What incentive does one have to be a healthcare professional then?  You just end up with super expensive & crappy healthcare.  Bad plan.
@realDonaldTrump Like most Republicans despise 97% of Americans and lied about the great plan that would replace the ACA.
Give proof so tired of figures yelled but you have nothing to show for your rhetoric.
We support your efforts to bring business to a halt in Congress since the Senate under McConnell has turned into a dictatorship. #Resist
In practically, TrumpCare is NoCare.
I thought you all had not seen the bill - if that is true this is either speculation or fear mongering!
It is time for the Senate to do it's job and represent us, the American people.
Rather than calling it Trumpcare, a more appropriate name is #deathcare
You voted for a Bill with nothing in it but requirement for HHS to write it after it was passed.  You have lost your way and we dont trust U
Trumpcare has got to be stopped.
PM, Please do everything within your power to oppose this. Filibuster, filibuster by amendment, everything you can.
I'll just save the premiums so my wife can pay for my funeral.
Tweet of the day.
Oh no ladies the way it read was Preexisting conditions here are 3, Rape, Domestic abuse ,pregnancy
Party still fractured due #DNC and superdelegates; you didn't  support WA voters in primary.  Admitting mistake would help reunite #resist
Wish more would pay attention.   The sad thing is.  All those Republicans will vote for this even if they haven't read it. To please him
That is not true. Stop with the lies.
Sounds real to me, but I'm the choir.
Hey. Nice tweet. Thanks for killing the Canadian drug reimportation bill btw.
Let's face it, we're going to have a LOT of broke, tired, sick people out in the streets.
To all the idiots: based on the bill the HOUSE passed. 
You liar
You can keep Obamacare for yourself

'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
@gcgrytdal I hope u r rich too
I would have to be in order to afford Obamacare. And that's based upon fact, not hyperbole.
How do you know Patty when your party has been screaming about how the GOP is doing this Trump care behind locked doors?
And how will it be stopped?  Are there republicans that can think beyond the box?  What is the matter withpeople?
Why have kids if you can't support yourself
49 for four how many people I'm I paying for ? That why Acne preexisting 49 dollars won't cover the drugs .
How is a family of four paying 49 dollars a month whileseniors for one paying last year 7500 with 1000 deductible for hospitalizationperday
You have seen the bill yet. In one year 116 % ,67% 53% my healthcare increase fourfold already .
Talking about HEAlthcare ,demonstrates your clueless
Party over people , do you know the top five thing wrong with Obamacare ? No . You passed the bill without reading it . Listening to dems
Bs obamacare will kick off 27 mil which is worse that the three GOP plans, dems caused this and how many plans dems submitted O
What about your healthcare Patty ? O ya your exempt from Obamacare arn't you ,and congress also.
Lie
Worry about yr own state
I worry about my own Country Thank You
What about your citizens in kliktat and grays harbor county who will have no insurance 
In exchange..... why don't you work on that patty
Obamacare leaves me a little hope however Trump will murder me. What kind bull is this killing off the Americans with this new health plan
But will it repay all of the working people that got robbed by the Unconstitutional obamacare?? That's a resounding Hell No!! Stupid ass!
@SenateDems everything #Trump & #GOP says about #Obama care,multiply those things by 800,that's how bad their bill will b#Voter
EL TRUMPCARE SERÀ MEJOR QUE OBAMACARE? 
Carpetbaggers.each and everyone of them!
And for everyone else
Help
Well said my friend!
If my type1 diabetes gets any more expensive to manage, my wife and kids may have to fend for themselves. #Trumpcare
How do you know, other Democrats are bitching they have not seen the bill yet. So my question is how do you know if it good or bad?
U don't know that. Remember!!! U don't what's in the bill.
And you read that where????
He is going to kill the population
Then tell me why did you vote against import cheaper drugs from Canada. If you care about this so much??
How do I know. Thought u haven't read it yet
@PublicHealthRTs does trump care?
Lies, all lies
I fear AHC will bankrupt me when I retire.  But if the ACA can be replaced with this sham can't "trump care" be replaced too?
Like we do with Obamacare?!
And that's where the disaster gets started
#lyingleft
@TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats BS Words   Again & Again
Well #RadicalThought they cost more to take care of, why would they not have to pay more.  It's insurance not a credit card.
Bahaha you should have seen that spider, it was 850% bigger than I've ever seen.
Your party fooled up healthcare.
You have a lot of information for somebody that's in the dark about it because people won't share. Patty your pants are on fire 
Sound ridiculous, especially since you dems claim you dont know whats in the bill
If we could buy prescriptions from Canada that would help millions
#ahca more than the RXs, it's paying more for having a pre-existing,lifetime insurance caps, 50 & over paying more$,guttingMedicaid/Medicare
PlZ give back the $475K in pharma money you took.
Show proof. You can't see the bill so how do you even know?
No one can pay 850% more in premiums. They just wouldn't have coverage. 
Hint: you should try AHCA since trumpcare sounds like you're whining.
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
Which means most of us can't afford it
Only 850% ?
Why the fear mongering when you claim you haven't seen the bill yet? Why not do your job and reach across the aisle and help instead.
Oh, so you've finally seen the bill now?
Senator Patty Murray - I was once told if you're going to LIE go big! WOW - Did Patty Murray go big!! She has the MOTHER OF ALL LIES !!! 
GOP followers idea of health care is already done.  They drank the Kool-aid, now it's just agree with what they are told.
Use some arcane rule like the Rs always do and grind the Senate to a halt. You owe WA more than tweets Patty. Be an obstructionist, it's OK!
Somebody needs to to there for the people
Caus they have2 find the $$ to give THEMSELVES,DONORS&fatcats tax cuts;Ppl wont knw 4 a few yrs caus they're tryin 2 hide taxcut;GA6 
win
Any proof of this?
If no one has seen the bill, where do you get this info?  Either u r lying to incite fear, or you have seen it, and r lying about not.
I am in that post-60, pre-Medicare gap!
It's obscene!
What a load of ! You are clueless
Insurance wasn't so bad before u politicians got ur hands into it. Shows everything u ppl touch is instantly turned to stone
Many studies indicate costs would be worse w/o the ACA, and I recall my prems going up just as badly pre-ACA
Not mine. I even carried secondary which gave me no deductions. ACA killed that and my premiums went up because of mandates I do not want
Is that what the pharmaceutical lobbyists/commanders told you?
also Planned Parenthood.
? How can you possibly know that without seeing the bill
