It is great dems like our own state's @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell that will prevent any of this GOP nonsense.
So watch your premiums go up, or are you one of those getting so called, "free healthcare?" All of us are paying for it.
Haha! Don't worry Cheryl, I'm not part of the "welfare state" that you detest because I'm lucky to have healthcare as a public educator.
Good for you
Like the complete lives system ?
Sorry a woman of your incredible talent & accomplishment still is spoken to in that condescending and patronizing tone. Best wishes
My Greetings!
R
Just like you democrats did when pushing obama care...and again,you didn't read it..
Sounds like the democrats when pushing through the ACA... both sides have lost the ability to legislate transparently
#MAGA

LET IT GO

.

NO EXEMPTIONS !!!!

.

DO NOT FUND OBAMACARE

Let it MELTDOWN

It's THEIR Baby

The DEMS SIGNED IT

#OBAMACARE

.
Lover they way you sat at the vote on one hand and texted with the other. You don't play with others. You should be ashamed. I am of you.
And Obabacare 2as passed on a holiday weekend without any of you reading it. Why don't you step up  and work on this with the others?
Real reform begins with insisting that our Legislature be AT LEAST (we keep our 2 Sens in CA) 50% female the next 60 yrs (10 Senate cycles).
Are you really that stupid and hypocritical to forget how you slammed through obamacare? Not to mention the lies barry told us about it.

Thank you, Senator. Enzi was horribly uncivil to you that night.
You want the public to be dependent on the government. I'm watching how you will act when the tax bill comes into play.
O please!  None of you looked at the ACA, before you passed it in the first place!  Nancy Pelosi was quite clear about that. It's a fail now
What happened to "we have to pass it (ACA) to see what's in it"??? Oh it's different now... no cred!! #Hypocrites
More Patty LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The GOP have no idea how to govern
Stop drinking your bath water, your party sank us in the deepest depression since the 1930
Oh, they needn't worry! We are all paying attention and taking names.
Yea taking names on the repulicans that voted no!
"We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it" - N. Pelosi

Any questions?

Hypocrite!
Your efforts are admirable to say the least. How deplorable that this RParty thinks only 2take away frm the US citizens.
I have to agree, your time would have been better spent reading it.  He made it clear that your pushing him to have your was working.
Like Leader Pelosi said ... even Democrats did not know what was in Obamacare.
Funny how tides turn; you did the same.
Wonder if @SenatorEnzi realizes if @SenatorCollins or @lisamurkowski were included in bill prep it might have passed. U sure kept composure
And they would call women "bitches." wow.
Hey can I skip car insurance? 
B/c by law I am required to have it.
I live in WA State & vote! I'm so tired of the obstruction of the Dems. Clean your own party before you ruin our country!!
Maybe you can do this like Obama Care, wait for everyone to go home then slip it under the desk of a LIBERAL POTUS Great beautiful statement
Has the Senate shut down the amendment process?  What are you waiting for?  What do you do with all your free time?  Pathetic.
You are expected to perform "due diligence" for every bill you vote on yet you have perfected the art of cherry picking which bill to read.
Now you want to look at the bill? You didn't need to look at Obamacare before you voted for it so why do you need to look at this one?
That's because they think we're blindfolded and can't see what's before our eyes! Too bad we have an information highway and cameras now! 
We are paying attn with you!
so move forward bipartisan.  OC Imploding.  Remember OC passed/ installed w/o input from R's.  Need Dem cooperation, no obstrct
thank you Patty and Maria for defending access to healthcare, especially for the disadvantaged.
BEST STATESMAN, BEST Speech I've heard in YEARS! Wish there was more of this; THANX @SenJohnMcCain
Satisfactory
You do realize that Obamacare was unsustainable, right?
His behavior was reprehensible
He was such a boar and a bore last night
I am, I voted Republican. Disappointed that D's NOW see that Obamacare needs fixing. Thinking this maybe the  way to go.
Just like Dems provided no time to look at ACA and yer buddy Grubber even said Americans are too dum to understand it
Now, you know how 2010 felt, you small minded twit. NO GOVERNMENT HEALTH CARE! "We the people" can determine our own health care needs!!!
Now let's turn around and LEAD the nation on Health care. Single Payer. Strike while the iron is hot.
Hypocrites.  You did exactly the same ! Cans dish it. Can't take  it !
THANK YOU!!!!
So now you have Obamacare. Sen Murray will soon have it too if there's any justice in the world. Carry on Senator.
Nice try...good luck holding on to your elected seats #GOP ! Your time is up...vote this one and the rest out#November2018 #GBFA
Guess he shudda  cudda..wudda....yielded time for a question..thank you Senator Murray 
Damn Republicans
Thank you Senator Murray!
THANK YOU Senator Murray! I am so blessed to call you my Senator!
Where were you when Obamacare was passed?  We haven't forgotten.
Good job tonight Senator
THANK YOU for working so hard for us.  THANK YOU SO MUCH from Tacoma, WA.  Watching u now on MSNBC and very proud.
Thanks for fucking us over again!!
Lots of people are paying attention right now, and appreciate the GOP Senators that had the courage to vote no.
Thank you Senator! 
Thank you for fighting for your constituents
It's dead Miss Murray let's move on and fix a Obama care. Now they want to be our friends. Get em Chuck.
@SenateGOP watching you! 2018 means you get replaced. Will all work towards that @MSNBC
Once again you people are useless it's time to vote every one of your people out.
Really? Many folks paid attention when we were not informed of the contents when your party passed the HCA aka ACA back in March of 2010.
I appreciate your attempt to ask a question about a bill that's been under cover. It's ridiculous for Republicans to proceed. Shameful!
We're awake and watching.
Same here :-)
the old guy from Wyoming was a complete embarrassment babbling about insulin pumps and wasting time
Stay strong.
@PattyMurray  Thank you for putting them on spot and I don’t know why they don’t want response your inquiries. #DONOTHINGGOP#
How do you not pull all of your hair out. Hang in there. I really appreciate all of your dedication and hard work.
I was watching! Thanks
oh, we're watching...and we're thankful for your efforts
You look so tired. Thank you for hanging in there for us. We are lucky to have you as our Senator.
Jan Roberts. Snohomish WA
Oh, we are paying attention alright.
Paying attention! Vote NO!
Oh we're right there with you.
repeal obamacare completely, FIRST.  just like you presented obamacare.  did YOU personally ever read the entire bill
Oh! We're paying attention all right and both parties are going to suffer the wrath of the voters
We need bipartisan process spoke. Of earlier this week by John McCain.
This WA voter appreciates your fight against this nonsense bill!
why didn't U work on bill rather than to obstruct & resist-American ppl will remember obsession of  Dems  & their RESISTANCE

Hang in there Dems. Stand your ground
Thank you!!
I just realized how much GOP has helped create next years political adds...for their opponents. Lotta material, quotes  provided tonight
Nobody paid attention last November!
Thank you, Patty! I am watching & I appreciate you & all the Senators who will stand up to this insanity!
I have to pay attention, this is about my disabled daughter. Keep fight Senator!
Oh, but we R paying attention to this insult to everyone's intelligence.  They think we're all as gullible & misinformed as the "base".
Hi Patty!  Just saw you in a cameo behind @SenSchumer on @maddow tonight fighting the good fight at all hours.  Hang tough!
What goes around comes around. Shut up and eat your karma pie
THESE REPUBLICANS ARE HIDING BEHIND DONALD TRUMP , THAT COLLUDED W RUSSIANS .
#RepealObamacare
There is a solution. Work with Democrats. Educate your base that we are not your enemy.
I am watching capn live from Redmond Wa. Keep fighting
I am proud to have you as my senator, ma'am.
Too late. You didn't want to talk when you passed Obamacare. Your party is full of hypocrites!
We are tuned in!

#Breaking: Here's a full copy of the #SkinnyRepeal bill—all 8 pages of it. This thing is a pure steaming moist pile of garbage. #NeverRepeal 
Thank you ma'am for doing everything you can.
That old fart needs a nap.
Sorry Patty I thought you were going to get it there for a minute
So you read the entire ACA bill before voting on it...right????
Proud of you ...
@PattyMurray FIGHT!!!!
We're paying attention. #VoteNo
You can tell them we're watching!!! And we know they're doing this because they're bought off by the 1%.
They own this monster! Trumpcare owned & operated by GOP! I heard they cut off questions! Why would anyone trust them after to be bipartisan
Do your best.  So many of my friends and patients will be hurt by this.  I am watching.  Thank you for your hard work.
we are watching.
"We have to pass it to see what's in it" - Nancy Pelosi. One of your fellow Democrats on passing Obamacare.
We're paying attention and we'll remember the names of those who vote yes for this travesty of a bill
98034 is paying attention
We are paying attention. We have been! Calls, letters, faxes - ignored.
It is 9:20 in Moses Lake, Washington and I am watching every step that the mean Republicans are doing! I AM ANGRY!
We are paying attention Senator.
we're still listening. Fight 4 the American people. Affordable healthcare isn't a left or right thing its a humanitarian thing.
WE ARE PAYING ATTENTION! @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenatorCantwell #NoTrumpcare "Skinny Repeal" = #BigFatLie
Dems are pathetic for the complete loss of any effective response to ANY of the craziness of the last 6 months. PATHETIC.
Same way Obama pushed it
We are paying attention maybe they should.
Seems I remember Dem senators not reading Obamacare. #hypocrites
They have to start somewhere this isn't set in stone but the constant doing nothing  nothing's got to stop you have to start somewhere
We are certainly paying attention
I'm right here. #NeverForget
Give em hell Senator!
I hope the voters finally express themselves by voting to oust this type of shameful action by elected representatives.
You better believe we are...Enzi hated on Twitter.
We are definitely paying attention to this travesty.
Fight on Senator Murray for the people of Washington State!
The US Government has gone mad. Bannon won.
I'm paying attention. As one of your constituents, I appreciate all of the hard work you are doing. Stay strong! #ProtectOurCare
We're awake in Washington state! Thank you for fighting for us! #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare
Keep fighting for us! #SkinnyRepeal #ProtectOurCare

Seriously...Have you considered a new hairstylist? The flowbee isn't really dependable. .@rooskies1
@meatball_writes He a jackass
This bill cannot pass!
History will not be kind on weak senate Dems who stood by and did nothing
Too embarrassed by their GOP bill or too ignorant of its contents to be able to discuss it in depth? One has to wonder.
Great job senator!
Elections Have Consequences!
Oh we r paying attn.
I'm watching
Down vote down
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
#VoteNo
Go Patty!!! 
We are watching! Thank you senator!
Go Patty!
@EyeOnInsurance we are paying attn and the @GOP is writing @TheDemocrats add for them right now
Send @lisamurkowski our gratitude
We are watching, Patty.
Go get'm!!
Please just go smack him upside the head. Knock some WA state sense back into him. I'll pay your bail if you get arrested.
Enzi should explain how families living paycheck to paycheck have HSP.  Save 3 years for 1 annual deductible? What do we do the other 2 yrs?
The first 30 minutes the senator from Wyoming was talking man what an eye opener.  he's just rambling the last half hour to use up the time
I'm wide awake and watching.
We are watching!!!
We're up, we're watching @GOP.
Keep interrupting him it's making him furious
Sen Murray, thousands are watching. We are semailing, tweeting, calling supporting NO on this bill. THANK YOU for all your efforts! Hope.
WA voter here, paying attention!  Keep standing up for us. Thank you!
We are watching @SenatorEnzi refuse to answer questions & rambling on full of alternate facts. He's a bloated, vile, wind bag.
with you from Kirkland stay at them!
What the fuck is this guy talking about?? And he smirks at the guy next to him and says,"do you want to talk?"
Keep resisting! So sick of these old white men deciding for their party instead of the people!
Refusing to yield is another form of filibustering.
WE ARE ALL PAYING ATTENTION!!! #WeThePeopleWhoVote
This is making me sick.  It's a ridiculously obvious tactic.  And he's making no sense - stop saying "read the bill."  You just got it!
It's just like 2010 all over again!
Oh, we're paying attention.
I am definitely paying attention. Appalled, horrified, scared.....yes. I cannot look away. So glad I live in WA with you & @SenatorCantwell
You got time to tweet?????? Don't you need to be reading????
VOTE NO!  FIX ACA!
@frannie1225 ASK YOUR QUESTION.
@SenateGOP We are paying attention and will remember this when we go to the polls each November.
I called you and @SenatorCantwell tonight and knew you would be working on this. Thank you!!!
We're watching, Patty. We're watching. They aren't allowing questions for a reason.
Come on now. You could have a month to read it all five pages of it and still not a chance in hell you'd work on it or vote for it.
I see you
Me toooooo
Keep fighting Patty!
Oh WE'RE PAYING ATTENTION. GOP, you are on notice!
Hmmm I C U failed to include the DEMs. Was this an oversight or are U discriminating against the GOP? Both parties are working against you.
Thank you for fighting for us Senator
Stay strong @PattyMurray
Thank you for representing Washington state! We are watching and will not forget.
Nobody is. The Mooch pulled the old DISTRACT routine....MSM fell for it. Disgusting....
a morbid spectacle playing out as if in slow motion.  The only thing worse than a train wreck is a slow-motion train wreck.
This is a disgrace @BenSasse
Keep fighting the good fight, @PattyMurray!
KILL the BILL!!!
I can assure you we are watching.  Love, your constituent.
