We can't trust him, period. He needs to be impeached, and so must Pence be. The whole administration is corrupt and treasonous.
We can't trust @realDonaldTrump to be honest about anything, let alone independent.   #traitortrump #WorstPresidentEver #ImpeachTrump
We can not trust the Democratic Party to do their work to help get America back on track! Do your job!!
Senator Murray, 

Sadly, we are way beyond the "can't trust" phase. His actions and behavior warrant impeachment proceedings. 

Please help.
Patty Murray is useless and clueless.
Ms. Murray... Why should you be trusted? The president has no power but to enforce the laws congress enacted yet it appears you fear him.
We should never trusted oboma. Look what he did for America.  I can't believe you want sharia law
Obama did his presidency... no sharia law. He was, however, one of the best presidents our generation has ever had.
He brought Islam to USA uncontrolled. No he was not for America
A Russian investigation will turn up connection between Sanders and Putin also
This is why we #MarchForTruth on 6/3. The #Seattle sister march FB event page is https://www.facebook.com/events/1723249677690442 …
March for global control. Ultimately Islam???
So very true.
What do we do Patty? How do we push for an independent investigation. Why are the @senategop paralyzed against acting? This is insane.
Patty how can we investigate hillery. Benghazi. Pay to play. Soros antifi  Russia and uranium
#SethRich - His parents DESERVE closure. Can you help them Senator? #DNC
Amen to that!
It is time to stop playing gotcha.  If U are serious about classified leaks &  #Russia @HillaryClinton with #uranium should B UR concern.
Deflection.
@PattyMurray, Are you going to support single payer healthcare?  That's what many of your constituents want to know.
Thank you for writing that!
Not one shred of evidence - @POTUS/russia. NONE! MSM, NYT,  WAPO CNN etc. fake news! Shame on you @PattyMurry. No reason to make this remark
No proof
The GOP/KKK/Nazis/Evangelicals/Russia invested BILLIONS in antiHRC propaganda. So, white supremacist feel okay voting 4hate/against humanity
You support a proven criminal, treasonous person. And her husband is a rapist. Really?  Troll!
How do we push for term limits.
Please go back to sleep Patty. You have nothing to add to the world.
We must stop 45! He has no judgment! @GOP owns this mess!!
@SenateDems Please do something to stop him. Stand up and be heard and don't stop. We need you.
We need Patty Murray like we all need hemmoroids.
Why should anyone trust you?  You are a comfortable Democrat Washington insider, with 6 offices that do what exactly in WA State?
It was flake news
Stop talking and file it.
How many dictators will he invite to the WH to share confidential info with? When we will wake up & realize what this tells us? #Impeach
Withhold consent.
What happened to #SethRich you hack!!!!!
You had me at, "we can't trust President Trump "
Tons of emotion on this thread & not a lick of reason! Thanks, Patty, for your pathetic, dangerous leadership. Look at what you are doing.
So what are you and your elected colleagues on both sides of the aisle going to do? #WeThePeople are waiting for action. This is getting old
@SenateDems very clear we can't trust any of you demons on the Hill. You all make me sick. Start doing what's right!!!!
I completely agree.  I think it's time for impeachment.  Something is clearly not right with this man.
Well please do something about it ASAP!!!!
More outrage in your response please! No headlines of Dem outrage. Only apathy from GOP. #whatwouldGOPdo if parties were reversed
You Democrats are relentless! There are already investigations in the Senate, Congress, and the FBI. You want more money spent on what?
Correct, he leaks security info DURING an investigation regarding the SAME people. He cannot be trusted, impeach him NOW.
#doyourjob
your a hack!
We can't trust him in any context. He needs to go. He's a threat to global security.
Can't trust him period!
IMPEACH TODAY!!!
WE CANT TRUST TRUMP AT ALL, The USA's security is at stake, IMPEACH TRUMP!!!
Push for impeachment!
Today we learned that it was a DNC Staffer,not Russians,who provided DNC emails to WikiLeaks.Who shot him? Tweet about that!
When will the indictments be announced? When will RICO charges be brought against the GOP for laundering Russian money?
Crazy
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
You could have just stop at it's clear we can't trust Pres Trump. @GOP #resistance
Has anyone in the GOP going to AMERICAN and work in getting Justice.
Clapper said under other that there is no collusion. Stop repeating a lie that has been discredited. Investigate the illegal unmasking.
Your constituents must be horrified at your stupidity. They do not have an honest person to represent them.
Every day we experience a @TheDemocrats smearing someone based on a fabricated lie. You also ignore real crimes; unmasking, leaking, email
Your tweet makes no sense, Patty. The FBI leads the investigation. McCabe testified he is unimpeded & fully funded. #TermLimits
A Russian agent (trump) cannot be allowed to destroy democracy from within the Oval office.  He must be stopped immediately. #notmypresident
*or his surrogates
Nothing there Patty Ann.
With respect @PattyMurray we are past soft words of concern. The engine of gov't must grind to a complete halt until this menace is removed.
Stay strong. We are getting desperate for truth
The DNC has been looking for 8 months and found nothing. It came out that this was a fabricated talking point for the DNC losing. #squirrel
Always wondered how great countries began to fail and not correct that path. Are we going down that path?
My biggest fear was the day he won the electoral vote... now... how do we get him out before he completely undermines democracy?
But there never will be. What are you so afraid of?  What is everyone so afraid of?   Democracy is dead. You can add that to your legacy!
And the "Snowflakes" go crazy. You people crack me up. Funny stuff!!
Is there something in the coffee there at the capital???  Get busy and do your job before we fire you
The same can be said of you.  I'm waking up to the left use of media to destroy political opponents.
Clapper appointed by Obama Says "No Russia evidence by ANY US intelingance agency on #Trumprussia " #WakeUp #Really #GetOverIt
Yes! Independent investigation into Trump collision, corruption, competency, possible treason.
He is beyond unfit !
Begin impeachment proceedings NOW.
Patty, we cannot trust him to be president
You are so wrong. If this happened to Obama you would have called it racist. I am a shamed of the democrats. You make the US look bad shame
So what is being done, Senator?
What are you going to do about it, Patty? Your constituents want to know!
She's useless and clueless.
I no longer trust anybody holding office in DC.  Credibility, integrity have disapeared, party is first, the country second. A mess it is .
The problem is we cannot trust Democratic Senators to conduct an investigation.  Politicians have us between a rock and a hard spot.
Holy sh*t, senator, we can't even trust him not to betray our country
We can't trust trump PERIOD.  The GOP TRAITORS refuse to #StopHimNow.
All you have to say is this: you're either with US or with the Russians. Repeat, ad infinitum. Every time you're on tv. Repeat, repeat
Do something stop this band together and take action
He. Can't. Be. Trusted. Period.
I look forward to the day your conspiracy theory falls apart. It will make replacing you in 2020 easier.
How many investigations will u do before starting the impeachment process
or the gop
That's the understatement of the year.
We. Can't. Trust. Him. At. All.
Please start impeachment proceedings before he gives away all our secure secrets. #ImpeachTrump
Just like we couldn't trust dems to find the truth about Begahzi,  or fast and furious, or pay to play, or Iran's money deal.....
Democrats can't be trusted  they would sell their own Citizens and sell our country out for a goody 2 shoes feeling.
Ahhhh, no. The American people have known that for a long time, waiting on Congress to figure it out & step the hell up.
If this was any other president, he or she would be deep into impeachment by now. Is Congress waiting for nukes? Bodies? Come on! Do it.
Great! Keep speaking up
EXACTLY!!
Agreed! Thank you for representing Washington State values!
@BlueVotr you should have ended your tweet after the word "trump."
Tell us about these "pieces" im a real media junky & I have no idea what you are talking about!
It's BEEN clear! What are you going to do about it???
We can't trust him to be President!!
Your feed is filled with negativity towards Trump and unverified "news". We need positive leadership! Rise above
Senator, please please please make him go away...
Senator, ur tweet needed to say "we can't trust Trump."
IMPEACH him! Enough is enough
you could have ended that sentence 6 words sooner and it would be just as accurate.
It is quite clear, President Trump is real !!! President Hillary Clinton in just a nightmare !!! The TRUTH eludes the Democrats !!!
Here you go again #chickenlittlemurray
ABOUT #45
He is reckless and dangerous #dumptrump #ImpeachTrump
Hillary is much more trust worthy
He's an incompetent mentally disturbed person who can't connect with reality
That's for sure...."loose lips sink ships"! Americans know Trump"s got the loosest lips of all Americans. What a meatball!
"Every day & every new piece of information we learn, it’s clear we can’t trust President Trump" - fixed that for you.
Will you PLEASE step up?! We can't trust him to run our country! Impeach!
The FBI, Senate, and House investigations all independent of Trump. No evidence presented to date that there's anything to investigate
@SenateDems We can't trust him to handle any serious issue/situation or crisis! It's like being locked in car w drunk driver!
Yes we need a special prosecutor for Hillary's connection to Russia, lock her up.
We don't trust the obstructionist Democatic party. You won't even give @POTUS a chance. I hope we get to 60 GOP in the Senate in Nov 18.
I think all  secret documentation and information needs to be kept from the president
Understatement
Hahahahahahaha  nice one
Senator Murray, please just shorten that to "We can't trust Trump."
We can't trust Senator Murray or the Senate either.
Time to impeach.
Shut up and fix it.  Get republicans on board.   You may lose your seat!  Get to work.
Call HR McMaster and everyone he mentioned in that denial to Congress to testify under oath that nothing happened in that room.
No one in DC is to be trusted. But we still support you. You are our hope for liberty. At least Russia has #Liberty Maybe we can get it back
Psychologically,He was especially needy the date of Russian WH visit craving praise,encouragement for his fragile ego.
Russians provided it.
Its becoming clearer every day that there are a LOT of things we can't trust the President with.

WHO do we trust then? Or are we adrift?
He needs to go. He is not competent to hold the position of president.
He's doing a fine job and making America great again.
No, it's clear that we can't trust the media! SAD! #MAGA

The last six words of this sentence are unnecessary.
And once again,#Trump sends out his water carriers to go out and #lie, #distort, & #coverup.  When will #Trump and #GOP stop insulting USA?
Can't trust you either
We can't trust you and the Dems. Period. You all are in your hands and knees hypocritically praying for a Russian crumb. This was BS story.
Far be it for me to tell a sitting Senator what to do but I need you to stay strong and stand up to that bully of a president.
How could he be independent when he's the center of the investigation! Impeach him!
It's clear we can't trust him, period. For anything.
ya think? "kenya"
russia
mafia
46 fed atty's fired
bharara, yates, comey
emoluments
ethics
nepotism
cronyism
tax returns
@FDA
@EPA
edu
etc
so what are you going to do about it?  the time has come to take real action!
