Despicable. House GOP just passed #HR36 by a vote of 237 to 186. This 20-week abortion ban would throw doctors in JAIL. #NoAbortionBan 
So, no limits, Senator? 39.999 weeks okay with you?
Of course it is. DWS and Clinton have both said as much. No restrictions. 30 seconds before birth? Kill that "thing". Ah... the fairer sex.
As dead as a little baby human at 20 weeks?
Killing a little human baby five months after it's born is already illegal. We're talking about abortion, which kills no "babies."
Yep...abortion....kills babies.  I won't call them "clumps of cells" to ease whatever you call a conscience.  Babies.
Nope. Even the Bible (which I think is hogwash - but, whatever) says that life begins "at first breath." More importantly, nobody and...
nothing has the right to use any part of my body without my continuous consent. Even a corpse has more of a legal right to bodily autonomy.
Pour as much gravy as you want on that pile of dog crap....It is what it is.
...in your imagination. Since you aren't likely to have someone try to force you to let a parasite function within you, you're not affected.
What an absolutely vile attitude.  I pity you.  You are broken.
Here’s your dead on arrival Patty.
Why can't these people use birth control before they get pregnant? Murdering your baby is not birth control. It is murder. Be responsible.
Most abortions after 20 weeks are performed precisely because the baby is already dead, or continuing the pregnancy risks killing the mother
That statement is not true. Most abortions are done because someone didn't have the brains enough to think about their body & make a choice
So will millions of innocents thanks to you.
You're right. Millions of innocent women that just want to be in control of our bodies are thanking her. Thanks Senator!
The unborn feel the pain of abortionists ending their existence. Why? Because it’s THEIR bodies and THEIR nerve endings.
Ahh failing back on fake science for this one huh? Yeah, we're not doing this. I'm not interested in hysterical fantasies. Good luck.
I wish it was fake.
Apparently McConnell intends on using reconciliation
He can't use reconciliation on this. He already has it reserved for the tax cut budget.
I know that. I'm joking.
I'm sure you have not done anything to help
Thank you Sen. Murphy!
Thank you, Senator Murray. Medical decisions like this should be between a woman and her doctor, not politicians.
Why would any woman need an abortion at 20 weeks?  Life or death health issue?  #VoteDemocrat
Have you read the bill? Because EVERY source I've read so far citing the ACTUAL bill that was passed excludes rape, incest, life of mother
horrific!

I guess your NARAL check cleared?

Absolutely. Nothing more "human" than murdering children.
Unless it's their mistress. Hypocrisy at its finest.
Thank you!
I hope so!
Well then Doctors need to not preform them. Da!!
So to clarify #PattyMurray YOU'RE OK to KILL unborn babies even AFTER They're OLDER than 20Wks? What about PartialBirthAbortion
Thank you Senator. You have earned my vote.
Stopping the murder of children... yeah real despicable
Stopping the CHIP program that feeds and helps born kids? Not necessary..can't call up GOd on this one
Take individual responsibility. Leave it to liberals to pass the bills to the government @realKnightsWest thoughts?
Yeah use rare occurrences to justify murder...what's the definition for fetal abnormalities?
Pro-life doesn’t use rare occurrences to justify murder. Anyways , definitions can be summarized
I really REALLY hope you're right - but I fear them somehow pulling out a tie & having Pence put it over the edge.
thank you senator!!!
Let me be clear: unless the mothers life is in danger, your talking about murder.
Counting on you @PattyMurray murr and @SenatorCantwell to ensure it dies nit pass the Senate!
"Dead on arrival."  An interesting choice of words, in this context.
I sure hope so Patty. Thank you for protecting our rights.
Your position on gun control,  after the shooting in Las Vegas, and abortion confuses me.  Are you for or against murder?  Sounds like For.
can you explain why 3 "Democrats" voted for it?
Dems really like their victims UnArmed, don't they?
It’s unconstitutional! Sad when we cannot focus on making Healthcare for all a right, but lock up a doctor for saving a woman’s life
Thank you, senator, for protecting women's reproductive freedom
Thank you, Senator.
Keep up the good fight Senator!
Thank you, Senator Murray!
the democratic party = woman, gay, and illegal first party:  no middle class values necessary
Glad to hear it!
Thank you.
@NARAL "dead on arrival" ??? WTF? Really? Leftists are sick.
And let's be clear,Killing is killing.
We, As in most Civilized People,....Would also call it Murder,...But It's sanctioned our Overlords...
Let's B Clear,U work 4The very small Part of Washington's world..Not Normal Everday PPL,Ur 4 Elites & The Gimmies.
Not The Majority of us
Let's B Clear,Ur BAD 4 Washington,Ur allowed 2Rule BC of Corruption! U, like Gregouire Find Ur votes in PPLs trunks    
#Termlimits #VoterID
And Let me & 65+Million adding Hillary's Fraudulent Votes 2Tell U 
#TERMLIMITS 
U City Destroyer ! U & Cantwell Ruined our Great State
Hey, Patty! I see what you did there with the DOA arrival tweet about abortion. Liberals have an interesting sense of humor. Clever!
I sure hope so!!
When I say" republican" I taste shit in my mouth.
I hope so.  We really need something good to happen on all of these horrible laws that are ruining America.
As a Washingtonian, I'm grateful to you and Senator @SenatorCantwell.
Still trying to figure out why you think killing babies is ok. There’s still time for you to repent and ask for forgiveness.
So weird. I thought the GOP controlled the Senate. Have you told @SenateGOP that they aren't going to support HB36?
Las Vegas killer only killed 59 Americans. How many does abortion kill every year?
Only 59
Let’s hope so.
vote. them. OUT.
After reading the response of the pro abortion group here we should legalize the killing of over educated immoral useless pro abortionist
As dead as the babies?
Democrats love dead babies and Trump supporters but hate cops and military who kill criminals and terrorists.
Keep up the good fight, Patty. Signed, one of your constituents.
Let's ban viagra, hair implants, and prostate surgery.  Fair is fair.
Thank you!
Dead. Like millions of babies
As DOA as the babies you help murder? Checking for a friend!
really wow baby killer
Thank You Patty once again for being on the correct side !!  Doing the right thing for Women!
Let it be so. #KillthisBillToo
As dead as the babies you and yours rip out of the womb???
20 weeks is too late! Who needs an abortion that far along? It’s a baby at that point, not an embryoz
Not a great selection of words Senator! #tennisshoes
Thank you, senator. Sanity is a scarce commodity lately.
Good!  And what a hypocrisy Tim Murphy voted for this. Hope he doesn't knock up another mistress.
Shame on @HerreraBeutler
Sad that freaks like @cathymcmorris want to turn the US into a theocracy. Thank God for responsible lawmakers like you, Senator.
Please and thanks @PattyMurray
As dead as a human heart beat?
They're always trying to jail the wrong people
It has to be!  Women’s bodies are not property of the government! OUR BODIES OUR CHOICE!
Thank you! What is the best way to make sure the Senate will vote no on HR36?
Terrible choice of words there Patty. These pro-abortion fanatics can’t help themselves.
Elect women.
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank God for two houses of Congress.
@NARAL she wnts this bill dead on arrival like she wnts black babies dead from the womb since they're most affected by abortion
The @HouseGOP have GOT TO GO. Vote them OUT.
Good. Very sad situations surrounding the decision to terminate a pregnancy so late. Compassion and love to these strong women.
This is a good thing, right?
I know @SenCortezMasto will vote no & I applaud both of you. However our lame duck @SenDeanHeller will vote yes & we are voting him out 2018
As dead as the 59M babies killed through Abortion since 1973. Sadly your continued kill vision is clear Sen Murray
Let me be clear: this bill is as dead on arrival in the Senate. https://twitter.com/NARAL/status/915338578829479937 …
Thank God! But really, really????
Get a grip Patty.
Um, I appreciate your support but not the right way to say this. Think that through again.
Thanks, Patty.
Thank you @PattyMurray  #NOHR36  - stop regulating women's bodies.
Stop regulating my body on health care and gun control!!
#ControlGunsNotWomen
Thank you, Senator.
Work to select candidates that will stay out of women's beds and start taking care of born kids. They just ended the CHIP program.
If they had a mistress who got pregnant, what do you think would happen to that fetus? HMMMmm??
Thank you for standing with women!
Thank you senator Murray!
Men have no business rss doing this! Calling for a sex strike from women!
Thank you.
Who cares about science,which DOES NOT support their argument,when people “feel” like it might be true?Not a single legit citation.
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP WHAT A FUCKING WASTE OF TAXPAYERS MONEY!  If women can’t have abortions. MEN SHOULDNT GET VIAGRA.
Good
Thank you.
Are they nuts?
Just like babies at @PPact ?
Good. It’s a Disgusting piece of legislation, grandstanding with women’s health.
Please!!! Thank you.
Just... make sure it's dead, okay?
Senate has ways of bypassing. It has been done.
Those aren't real voices. The real voices are the women wanting full control of their body.
Why?
Thank you, Senator!!!
Thank you, Senator!
