I'm disappointed GOP leaders have decided to freeze bipartisan health care efforts & are trying to jam through a partisan Trumpcare bill -PM
Has any Dem tried to bring any thing new to the table , No, only keep Obama care. Wake up and work for Americans
How about I stop finding your free healthcare, Patty? Then we can see if congress gets anything done besides whining. How's that?
U are yelling at wrong side. Its @gop that's the death squad.
Believe me, I yell at all of them. Congress=scum. 99% of them work for same master. And it ain't we the people!
Thank you for your efforts.
Disappointed in what your doing. How do you sleep at night? Thought you were better than this. Not who I thought you were at all.
Please keep up the fight.  As someone with preexisting conditions and two daughters, we can't let women's health care be lost.
Resign
You helped jam thru the failing ACA Bill on us. So, don't act holier than thou here.
People will get better health care under a more state controlled plan than with the failing single payer system of the ACA.
Thank you Senator Murray for being a voice 4 so many of us who work hard just so they can have basic healthcare, even w/pre existing issues.
I'm disappointed with you for voting on a 700 million increase on military spending. I blush for you.
What happened?  Did the committee get anything done? Cassidy was on the committee?  This is insane!
That would be a switch if dems start working together
@stacy_friday This has nothing to do with healthcare. This is solely RW's lust for money. They will burn if there's a Hell.
Could WA state make a statement like NY has? That you'll take this to court and protect your residents? How can they do this? #Terrified
When will you acknowledge that there are no terms this class of GOP will offer that we should compromise? #MedicareForAll #endcitizensunited
link doesn't work.
GOP doesn't care what We the People want. They are waging war against US. Fewer of US means more stuff for them.
Thank you for you hard work.  We can reach a bipartisan agreement.  Until then, the insurance cos. and the wealthy keep winning.
What cost lowering measures are you contemplating ,that's what I want to hear not slogans
Your full statement is coming up as a Cannot Be Found error.
We’re tired of you taking money from the insurance industry. Support #SinglePayer or resign.
OR just maybe you could do the right thing and join @SenSanders in supporting Medicare for all instead?
Single. Payer. Now.
Thank you, Senator. I am happy to in your state under your protection. Without my #ACA I will die. Please stop this madness.
"There is zero possibility of bipartisan repeal of Obamacare." Sen Graham when asked about a bipartisan fix. Killing ACA is the GOP cause.
Please help us make sure it isn't repealed because if repealed, you know it won't be replaced! This is the time for Dems to take USA back!
Disappointed? You should be furious.
What is the GOP afraid of?
I don't you have a plan I clicked on link and page not found
Now if only your FRIEND Lama Alexander felt the same....it takes two to make a deal Patty!
My Dear I so hope  so !
Link broken 
Thank you so much for trying to improve things. It's much harder to do what you're doing than it is to make false promises.  Keep on trying!
Your "deal" should be MEDICARE FOR ALL.
I called your office tonight. Do all you can to save the ACA!!!
Your party has NEVER been interested in bi-partisan anything, much less committed.  You mistake complete capitulation for compromise.
Thank you for your dedication 
I applaud that, but here is what we're up against:
Was @SenAlexander ever sincere about this work, or was this a GOP game?  And my wholehearted appreciation to you, Senator Murray.
Single Payer Now
Thank you! Why is the GOP leadership so set on killing off its citizens?
We need to not be above the Republicans lack or honesty- use the same resources they do and maybe we'll start winning.

YOU DEMOCRATS R ALL WEAK PUSSIES! 
REMEMBER LAST 8 YRS? 
U BETTER GO FULL MCCONNELL ON OPPOSITION EVERY DAY! 
OR PLAN TO RETIRE SOON
We want cooperative bi partisan bill.  This act by the GOP is disgusting!
Thank you, Senator Murray
Thank you! 
What is it that allows U 2 only B disappointed? We R angry, horrified, scared out of our wits, anxious, nervous & sickened?  #CountingOnU
@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Like all GOP could care less about the 97% of Americans. Plus they did destroy bipartisanship.
Disappointed doesn't come close to how the People are feeling. Desperate, disgusted and deceived are more like it. Defeated?  Absolutely not
#TrumpCareIsDeathCare
Thank you.
Koch-daddies threatened to cut off their $400M allowance.
You dems did the EXACT same thing with Obummercare! Now you want to cry about it when it happens to you?
Appreciate your commitment. How GOP is so deaf to us is more than remarkable, it's intentional and destructive. More specifically it's cruel
Thank you Patty for trying. Now it is time to play hard ball. Please delay and disrupt any Senate activity until after Sept. 30th!
COMMIT  TO  SINGLE PAYER

#MedicareForAll
https://www.opensecrets.org/members-of-congress/industries?cid=N00007876&cycle=2018 …
Before sept 30th?
I see no evidence you are committed to a good faith negotiation. Obamacare is a disaster. Admit it.
Are members of congress going to covered under this new plan? I believe they opted out of the previous plan they were introducing.
Good to read. We want affordable health care.
Can you expound on this "..move in Chairman Alexander’s direction when it comes to giving states more flexibility."
Repeal Obamacare! Repeal congress' healthcare and recesses!
It's truly appalling. Congress need to work together. That's the point. Our tax $$ pay u for that reason.
Very disappointed that you and @SenatorCantwell haven't joined forces and signed on with what @SenKamalaHarris is supporting 
well ole patty what have u been up to for the past 8 years on healthcare? zip-nada-nothing-zilch. so now face it U DID NOT WORK 4 US
You mean my health insurance isn't going to keep increasing 40% a yr?
Thank God!!
Vote no!
And Trump tells UN America comes first. Lying sack of 
Please don't use the words Trump and care together
Wow, even after you voted to give $700 Billion to Trump's war machine, they still won't work with you? Maybe you're doing it wrong, Senator.
GFY, #TrumpTroll


Your party priced millions out of the insurance market! Unaffordable insurance=no healthcare! Stop ignoring our voices!
don't be disappointed, fight with us.
Why Are Republicans Putting America Through HELL Every Damn Day? ...Voters Will Remember The Way Politicians Treated Them In 2017!
The Republicans have the majority because the Dems priced the working class out of the healthcare market!
I would like to believe that but history has taught us different.
Thank you, Senator Murray.  I know you will keep fighting for all of us.
You aren't working together. The GOP is working behind closed doors to steal our healthcare to give tax cuts to millionaires
#NoTrumpCare
"I am disappointed that Republican leaders have decided to freeze this bipartisan approach." - Patty Murray
Excellent msg (w typo, just FYI). Proud you represent WA State!
Yep here we go again. FOLLOW the dollar. Money talks and Bullshit Walks
Thank you, Senator Murray.
Keep working senator – you're doing a great job! Please do everything you can to save the ACA!
