If he undoes DACA, the American people must make trump more miserable than he already is
Yes it is
Thank you for your continued hard work!! We love you Patty! #DefendDACA
Please #DefendDACAِ ! America needs Dreamers.
Why does it seem that the goal of Trump is to negate everything Obama did?
What kind of  "delay"  did illegals give to the American people before crossing our borders against our laws ?
Important that you work with others to pass legislation to protect #Dreamers.
All you who want Daca to stay. You pay for them and all their needs and stay out of my paycheck.
Please keep fighting to #DefendDACA !
To Trump, it IS final. It's an Obama program, so it has to be destroyed.  Why are people still saying, "He's wrestling with the decision"?
Please do everything you can to support Dreamers. These young people do not deserve deportation.
Have you talked to Jason Smith? He assured us at June 16th coffee, you would COSPONSOR SJR5.  What's happening?
Call 202 224-3121 like crazy this week.
You should be fighting for American citizens . Do your job . End it
the tongue is the root of all evil.
 Trust God, Trust your President 
Praying for the Nation
Keep DACA
Tweeting madly to State AGs, Reps, @POTUS... anyone who will listen, #DefendDACA #HereToStay
.So glad you support DACA. I hope Congress can make the program permanent--quickly.
Send daca back to Mexico! We don't need dreamers here,send them back to Mexico with there parents

You can defend DACA I want them go to their own country.
#DEFENDDACA WITH EVERYTHING WE HAVE!!! #NotMyPresident cannot keep turning over everything OBAMA & WE achieved. #FakeNews is foxnews.
YOU...YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHO YOU REPRESENT...UNLESS ALL VOTES IN WA ARE BS DUE TO #Democrat #VoterFraud !!

Tired of this, #AmericaFirst !!!
Patty, I did make my voice heard. I want President Trump to eliminate DACA! Checkmate! :-)
Please do what you can. This is heartless #DefendDACA
Why don't we deport an American for every DACA you wish to keep. And pay for them yourself.
USA needs to make good on its promises, not pull the rug out from dreamers @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell #DefendDACA
Why don't you agree to build the wall and then he may agree to continue DACA.
Election year for your greedy self and your colleagues!!! Now out that in your pipe and smoke that lady!
Al you care about is trying to ruin a President that is trying to make this country great again! You don't care about nothing except during,
He doesn't care about our voices
Thank you for reminding us all - it's a process and we all have a voice.
#realDonaldTrump Repeal DACA! If you break a law, there are consequences...they are not entitled to stay..blame their parents for doing this
Illegals deport. How can this be send my child to college
1) DACA is illegal 2) Democrats betrayed DACA kids by REFUSING, to compromise with Republicans on total immigration levels.
Senator, what does the current law that is on the books say?
You and mom and dad go back and turn around and come back and do it by the law, not hard people do it every day.
Try representing citizens and legal immigrants.
You are severely misinformed Elisabeth. The "ascent of fascism" seriously? The Fascists in this country are you and your liberal buddies!
If obama can implement DACA without Congress, then Trump can end DACA without Congress.
Follow the Law, Ms. Lawless or if you don't like it, change it, it is your job.  Don't just b***h about it.
Totally agree. Congress has to take control of this issue
Yes we want Americans taken care of.  We want our taxes going to homeless VETS & American families.  Give our jobs back
Thank you, Patty. I want you, @SenatorCantwell & your colleagues to #DefendDACA. We need all of their talent for our future!
But your President Obama really took a lot of money out of the swamp they just did learn how to hide a penis
I have a great idea to solve this DACA problem. Send them home and make him come back legal. I will agree with that. Obama and Dems DFTU.
Your cities are burning and need federal funds. All you care about is fighting trump.
Pay attention!
End DACA -it encourages parents to put kids at risk to come here. It encourages human trafficking. It must end
It encourages kids who have been here since toddlers to work, pay tax, report their whereabouts and keep record clean.Border has tightened.
You know senator is this all you live for to talk about the same crap. But I can see why you got to have votes more illegal votes
How long have you been a senator Patty I can tell it's been to long. You drank to much swamp water and your brain is decaying like McClain's
This is almost funny
mmmm.. and she's Hetro..
in Seattle wa. that's a big plus
in my book... opps.. uhhh.
uhh. Patty Murray's pretty...
Oh my. Every person commenting has never been through Mexico.  Hahaaaa. Think!!!
Really.. have any of you people been in Mexico?  Visa expires. You run for your life. And...?the USA should be diff. ???
Defend our immigrants coming in the legal way and end this illegal act obombya put in! You cant just jump in line in front of people! #DACA
On another note, I suggest that the house should use Farm subsidy moneys for FEMA.. Farmers can do without free Irrigation systems and CRP
Being paid to not farm land
Nope...end that shit!
Give it a rest, illegal aliens are just that, illegal.
I am glad you are our voice for Dreamers!
She should stop talking and get to work on a real #DACA law. @POTUS can continue it and face Supreme Court or congress can write a law.
All Americans should fight for Dreamers they are just as much Americans as anyone
I would like illegals to go home. This would free up legal immigration. Ppl who have waited years to come to this country.
Yes by all means, follow the liberal mindset and make your voice heard against the rule of law
Your Dreamers don't have a legal right to be here in the first place Patty
We r  speaking loudly &clear.End DACA! Your just not listening.American citizens,American dreamers.stop exploiting minorities for a LIB vote
I really think he just bought his time to go to Houston over this weekend, that is the only reason for his delay to announce on Tuesday.  
They just wealth with Ebola in which over 3000 people lost their lives. We should be merciful. Thank you for standing up for them.

#DACA #DefendDACA #DREAMers #DREAMer #GOP #trump #heart #daily #cartoon #news #fridayreads 
Right!! @POTUS ! Sir! Make if final please!
Imagine the affect effects such as disease outbreaks. Grateful if u could push for a TPS for them.
#DefendDACA
Senator, I am worried too because there are children from my country Sierra Leone and they just had a mudslide that took over 509 lives.
Trump must know that he has children.  Let him imagine it were his children in this situation, how would he feel? He should be thoughtful.
#DefendDACA !
He actually hasn't announced ANY specific decision yet, but of course you've never stopped spreading lies... "Mom in tennis shoes" MY ASS!
So are you saying he won't do it?  What will you say when he does?
Zuckerberg funded a Lawless JV POTUS Obama who used executive orders to rule!Vice pushing for Congress to pass LAWs! Goodbye to DACA & #MAGA
America First means end of JV obama's illegal Executive order bypassing Compliant Congress not doing their constitutional duty- Make LAW!
These so called kids are adults let's hope our President stops this it should never ever been allowed. Try helping American young adults.
Be loud proud and strong America! End DACA now! Make your voices be heard. Let us get Americans working! Not children of ILLEGALS! 
#MAGA
Amen my friend send them home I've been all over the world and I've never been able to stay over my Visa in any country
I'm a Trump supporter but I want all the DACA people that are settled and love America to stay. laws enforced for new immigrants only legal
Hell no. Its simply a backdoor to allow people to come into the country illegally & stay here illegally. Yes there are children who suffer.
DACA PROGRAM WAS ABUSED TERRIBLY.
We are fighting to provide for my grandson who was born with a genetic disease. Tell me again Patty, why is it that Obamacare is collapsing?
It's despicable watching this admin. destroy lives, security, and environment out of nothing more than ignorant spite! #SaveDACA
Think ahead Alex. Law needs to be upheld and strong when it comes to having a civilized society. It's should never have gotten like this.
#AMERICAFIRST
From a Senator that went to the wrong Hearing... Nor has enough IQ to spell DACA.
Does Donald Trump even listen to our voices? I'm guessing no.
Not sure u know this or not but as a sitting senator u can actually propose legislation maybe an aid can help u w/ that. Trump veto waiting
This calling, protests and so forth are far from over we must stay on top of them
Feels like Putin is calling the shots.  Making America Gag Again.
I knew the Russian thing wasn't completely dead. Inside hack from upset Bernie folks
I think it is final. He teases like a reality show cliffhanger to gin up turmoil. Destroying lives & harming US economy not a TV stunt.
Yea illegal aliens harm US economy.
You need to fight for someone other than non-citizens. You are not representing the American people.  This is the US not the UN!
Thank you, Senator Murray
For what she is the worst senator in the senate
Dreamers need a permanent solution
Congress needs 2 work together 2 craft such a solution along with comprehensive Immigration reform
Send them home
They were born here, that's the point. This is the only home they know.
U might want to read the Obama Era ruling the whole point is that they weren't. U r talking anchor babies which is a whole other story
Thank you for standing #withDreamers! We must protect #DACA. #PosseWA
