talk is pretty fucking cheap when they still vote to kill us, Patty
Please stop this you're way too experienced to be this astoundingly naive. The institution has been hijacked.
This sort of gullibility is precisely what got us here. Wake the fuck up!
Why do you believe anything they say?
actions speak louder than words, Patty.
When are you going to realize that their comment don't mean squat? How gulliible are you???
We are about witness honesty or #Hypocrisy 
This process degrades America
#DedpicableGOP 
#SpinelessSematord
{{neverending fart sounds}}
Time for party affiliation 2 go away for reasonable moderate members of both parties 2 all become independent, take Leadership H & S & work
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #crookedmedia
Stop rationalizing. You did NOTHING and now we're stuck suffering under Obamacare.  You will pay at the polls. You are useless to citizens.
repeal obamacare completely, FIRST.  just like you presented obamacare.  did YOU personally ever read the entire bill
I appreciate your optimism. Their votes will be how we judge what they want now.
Action will speak louder than words. A "yes" is a vote against the American People, freedom from fear, representation.
Yes but unfortunately they r afraid to speak this publicly!
Yeah, just like my male colleagues tell me they're not sexist, then expect their wives who work the same hours to do all the housework.
Actions speak louder than words, Senator.
They need to say it with their votes
Fortunately 3 of them had the courage to vote against party lines!
Thank you Senator Murray for you hard work and dillegence. So glad to have you representing me in DC.
Don't give up. Lives are depending on it. #SaveTheACA
How many of them are being threatened by the WH right now? Their families may not be safe 
They're not going to shut up til they get a potty break. Then quick lock them in the bathroom.
Not according to their votes. It's almost as if the things they say dont matter and are just ways of avoiding owning unpopular legislation 
i'm sure i've heard something about actions speaking louder than something whatever. probably not important
Are you new here? Are you really this gullible?
Cool.   If they VOTE that way, we will believe them.
Then why aren't they standing up for what they believe?
If you don't want it, don't vote for it. We the People will remember how @GOP votes in this bill come election time and will #VoteThemOut
Kinda like We The real American people voted the Dems out of govs, Senate,house and of course OUR American President, wow boggles the mind
over 60% of Americans support Medicare for All, that's bipartisan
Health care is a privilege not a right! Life's not fair.  I'm sick and tired of paying for someone else's Health care 2600 a month is insane
Add an amendment that whatever we wind up with they get too. No different healthcare for them. Good enough for us, good enough for them.
You couldn't be more delusional.
Y'all have a funny way of showing it. Bipartisan must me something different to Republicans.
Then why aren't they *doing* it? Stop listening to their words and start listening to their actions
Unbelievable, over the top BS! Are you serious? Did your absent mindedness forget how you Dems past ACA, so proud
Then they need to step up.
Talk is cheap
THEN THEY SHOULD STAND UP AND SHOUT. PLEASE DON'T TRY TO REDEEM THEM. THEY ARE SOULLESS.
Tell them to grow some guts and say so OUT LOUD.
Did you get it in BLOOD I DONT TRUST THEM!!!!! They're all LIARS!!!!! Tell them to STOP Messing With Our Lifes !!!!
Children like my child who has ADNP Syndrome rely on pre-existing conditions protection!  Please vote NO skinny repeal! #ProtectPatientsNow
...all evidence 2 the contrary.
But they are going to vote for it!!!
I hope they weren't lying 
Where are their spines then?
Please do everything you can to foil the passage of this bill.  Public pressure must be brought to the table by the Dems.
@SpeakerRyan Has Been Engaged In Treason for 8yrs Patty as has McCarthy  Didn't You Hear ?https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2012/6/8/1098434/-Eric-Cantor-Paul-Ryan-Kevin-McCarthy-Plot-To-Sabotage-US-Economy-with-Frank-Luntz … To Busy 4 Healthcare
Then why in God's name are we here?
Trouble is, what they say and what they do have yet to match up.

We've Got it! We have a copy! Roughly! VOTE NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
The only thing we can do is get out & vote in 2018 & 2020. Chump will b impeached by then & we can get Dem ldrs to impeach dence
Senator, this is not democracy. You are my Senator and I'm so glad, but I fear the @SenateGOP has subvert our Congress.
Focus on this https://www.facebook.com/KNDU25/posts/10154870141982939 …
JUST VOTE NO. Please get as many of them to VOTE NO WE KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON. THANK YOU SEN. MURRY.
https://www.facebook.com/KNDU25/posts/10154870141982939 …
Then they need to vote no. Voting yes and passing the buck and hoping it doesn't become law isn't a strategy. It's cowardice.
One thing I've learned from watching congress.  Never trust a republican.
Lying #FemiNazi keeps lying. We're going to vote you out. USA will be much better.
Vote no!!!!
Convince them that the skinny option is a no vote.

Pls vote no
Vote No!  People first!
aren't you a democrat really? full repeal
Sounds like some desperate rhetoric to try and salvage a win
No one believes what GOP says. Shame on all of you for putting the nation thru this continued anxiety and distrust.
But will their votes reflect that?
Send it to comity and make it better #repeal&replace
there's a remedy: vote it down.
insist on normal legislative route.
stop the bullying hiding harassment cruelty.
But yet they will still vote for this nightmare.
The question for Democrats is how much GOP fascism do you deem acceptable, 22 million? 10 million? Appeasement will cost seats come midterms
What are they afraid of? They are senators! What will it take to get them to do what they know and say is right?
They'll still vote for it.  @GOP has done nothing but put party before people for decades.
Why vote yes? Why?
Well then they need to grow a spine and vote NO. Preferably HELL NO.
And you believe your GOP colleagues?  So naive. Watch what they do, not what they say.
I hope they vote that way!
Who cares. If they had any guts they'd vote no.
Actions speak louder than words.
Who should we be calling???
#ResistRepeal #ProtectOurCare #StopTheSpeaker #StopTrump
#ACTION #KILLTHEBILL
#bipartisan cooperation is key to the solution
But they're spineless cultists so....
Booker is right.
Remember when the House bill rammed thru. We're told Senate will fix it. 
This bill is worse than House bill !
It's a fraud
anyone expect anything else?
what was the definition of insanity again?
Proud of our Senate Democrats. 
They're giving passionate testimony. 
I'm sure it's falling on deaf ears.
This is beginning of the end of HC
Explain what's happening now if that's true.
Yes, but if they still vote for this abomination of a bill, there words are just hollow, cowardly BS. #GOPHatesAmericans #GOPGreedOverPeople
then they should vote that way.
Then tell them to grow a pair! Country before party! Why is that not a mantra repeated every day?!
That's the problems with too many people in government; what they say is not what they do; it's the only consistent bipartisan route.
If so, they need to act accordingly.  Will they #VoteNo?
You look like FOOLS with this "Its a bad bill dont make it a law but vote yes on it. What is wrong with the Senate. My GOD
Always words never action
doesn't count if they will only "say it" in private
Choosing to not stand up & act = #FAILURE
#VoteGOPOut
They lied. The lie. Thats all thats left.
I wish I believed you (excluding Murkowski & Collins).
ACA has saved my life more times than I can count. I'm begging you, as a constituent, filibuster by amdt unitl the police drag you out.
Saying and doing is two different things.
