You would vote no for dog catcher if Donald Trump suggested it. Tell me ONE thing you will work with this administration on.
Thank you!  I appreciate what you do for the citizens of Washington.
Thanks for all the work you are doing
You wouldn't hire someone who has experience to help others? In business, u make decisions on the need & hire. R U Qualified?
thank u senator Murray. Hopefully we'll get some support from 'across the aisle'.
Please begin impeachment proceedings NOW.
What the heck for? 
Thank you!
surprise!
Where were you on the Canadian med vote? Oh that's right, you voted NO! #NOTMYSENATOR
Thank you for opposing Mnuchin's nomination.
Thank you senator
So how do explain Ben Bernanke an Obama appointee ?Did you vote against him ?
Thank you! Keep up the great work, frustrated and loyal Democrat here counting on you!
Thanks for looking out for Main Street!
you are the best Senator :)
Thank the Lord!  #LockStepDems Only hope for Americans to avoid authoritarian takeover of our democracy~ #NoGorsuch either
thank you Patty!
I'm so proud to be from Washington these days. Thank you Senator Murray.
Thank you! 
@SenatorCantwell I hope you do the same.
Thank you for voting no on Mnuchin.
what a surprise. You're really going to vote no?!
How did that work out for ya? Did a lobbyists pay you to vote no? You surely are not working for all Washingtonians. Do ur job!
keep pressing for the truth and what is good for the American people. We are with you!
Absolutely out to line his own pockets and that of his billionaire friends.  Thank you Senator Murray! #Resistance
Thank you!  Too bad it wasn't enough.  Bad for the U.S.
Thank you so much!
Thank you!
Doesn't everyone in D.C. do that now?  Just look at who bought public ed under Obama?  Bill Gates.
Thank you for fighting for WA state, for women and for democracy! Never give up!
I think anyone voting yes for Mnuchin should not be surprised by the pitchforks that are waiting in the next bank meltdown.
and I don't mean virtual or figurative pitchforks either.
@tates5a do people actually buy this?
Thank you!
Keep fighting the good fight! I grew up in Spokane Washington
It's because of people like you that gives me hope. We must continue to RESIST
thank you!!
Thank you!
thank you
I know but we are out numbers rubber stamped republicans don't care who goes in as long as they play 2 pay for future elections
good
thank you for standing up for us! You make WA state proud!
thank you
thank you for looking out for Washington!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator! This WA constituent appreciates your NO vote on Mnuchin. Keep up the good fight!
thank you
thank you once again for representing us!
The True obstructionist  #PATTYMURRAY !
U don't have the power 2 stop him and we don't need your vote. We'll vote Dems out 2018. Just ask Hillary about 2017 election
THANK YOU for standing firm!  We don't want a repeat of the 2009-10 financial crisis.
thank you, Senator Murray
do your damn job and be part of the solution. NOT part of the problem.
Thank you #impeach No #PresidentBannon
How have those "no" votes been working out for you so far? Give it up we're sick of hearing you cry about getting spanked!
Your standing in the shadow of Schumer. Some of the dirt will land on you. Your party is doing poorly and this will not help
vous être une femme de conviction.
Thank you Senator Murray!
party puppet. Expect nothing less from u
Thank you!
your worried about working families now???
surprise,surprise..
and this is supposed to be a surprise Patty OBSTRUCTIONIST Murray. So tired of extreme partisanship 
kind of like yourself and big Pharma!?? The irony.
thank you!  How many colleagues can you bring along? ?
Thank you. Will you push for investigations into Flynn.
yes!
of course you will the party of no continues the tedious saga
thank you senator Murray. This constituent appreciates your No on Mnuchin.
That is great. Thank you. Pls get Trump out before we all die. Are you as afraid as the American people?
Good work, thank you!
Of course your going too! You have nothing better to do! Your bring down America!
@MariaCantwell @SenateDems Thank you for standing by us when we need you most. #Resist #TheResistance #Indivisible #ImpeachNow
thank you for standing up. We at INDIVISIBLE appreciate that and expect our members of Congress to RESIST
Thank you!  Keep up the fight.  I want to see TAX RETURNS.  Tell them: #RepublicansAmericaIsWatching
Get 3 GOP to agree with the Dems. and do your job. Represent us in WA.  30 years in I expect results not rhetoric.
.@PattyMurray Unfortunately, that would be this whole administration.
Winning elections for Democrats not in our state does nothing to help our Washington. Which Washington do you work 4?
so now Democrats are the party of NO.  Will you get any thing done for working families under Trump?
but why did you vote against bernies drug bill @PattyMurray ?
Politics is such a mess right now. Feels like #WeThePeople have no voice, no representatives; politicians just do whatever they want.
our representatives don't represent us! #justicedemocrats,  Wolf pac
but so does the rest of the GOP. Thank you for standing up, but we need more resistance if we ever will save working families.
Thank you. We support you.
thank you!
and should probably be in prison
love you patty
That describes his entire cabinet. Thank you for staying strong!!  Also vote no on Gorsuch. Until Garland gets a hearing...
What does Geithner had to do with Mnuchin hiding $100+ million of capital in the ethics vetting stage?
No idea. Today, right now, her past votes are irrelevant. #ITMFA
You voted for a fascist & lecture me about engaged citizenry? Mansplain elsewhere. #TheFutureisFemale
Thank you
Thank you Senator, I appreciate all that you are trying to do at this very difficult time.
thank you
Thank you Senator Murray!
