Because of President Trump’s reckless, hateful agenda, some 800K young people in this country woke up w great uncertainty abt their future.
Please ask @realDonaldTrump for his resignation! It's time for this to be a part of regular discussion! #ImpeachTrump
get real and get over it. PRESIDENT TRUMP WON FAIR AND SQUARE. DEAL WITH IT!!
What does that have to do with Trump being so bad at being president that he should resign?
Trump is not a bad President. He has shown leadership where Obama failed.  Case in point- North Korea. Trump put America FIRST #MAGA
@realDonaldTrump has done terrible things to disgrace the office of@POTUS but giving the Russians classified information is enough by itself
EXACTLY WHAT HAS HE DONE? HE DID NOT DISGRACE THE OFFICE LIKE CLINTON DID.DID YOU FORGET HIS ASSAULTS ON THE WOMEN? IE MONICA L.
Pardoning sheriff Joe disgraced the office of @POTUS - that's enough by itself
WHAT ABOUT OBAMA'S LESSENING OF THAT TRAITOR'S SENTENCE,HUH? TRUMP HAS NOT DONE ANYTHING THAT CONSTITUTES AN OUTRAGEOUS ACT AS OBAMA'S
Hey Patty, QUIT LYING AND FEAR MONGERING TO THE PUBLIC
It actually was @BarackObama who left their status in limbo. Word is "deferred." @realDonaldTrump asks Congress to legalize.
You've been given an opportunity to create DACA-like legislation. Don't miss it! We are watching/clock is ticking/make US happy again. 
What's sad is that you hypocrits don't actually want to solve immigration problems, just want to use it as campaign issue.
You're appalling
It's been placed in your hands, Trump's making you do your job for a change. Obama passed an illegal law because he knew congress is lazy.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#ObamasFault!  DACA is BS-Barry's CACA - 100%!
Wasn't your job in the first place ?  He is just giving you people a second chance
What a grunt! U know it's u & ur bunch thats responsible 4 the state the dreamers r in! Get the heck off the mike & back to desk. Do ur job!
We are a nation of laws. Get out, get in line, and do the right thing. It's simple.
What's more appalling is the way Congress sits in judgement of our president 24/7 trying to undermine him at every step!
I am tired of you and others in Congress worrying over the chidren of Illegal Aliens (No PC for me) worry about OUR children first!!!
Talk to President Obama and the rest of your colleagues. You had two years to fix it. Even he said it was permanent.
800,000 you say Patty?Juan Williams claims that 80% of them are employed That's 640,000 jobs deserving of US citizens. Who lies
Welcome to the crowd of millions of Americans who wake up everyday wonders about their futures!
what's so sad, is this nut job is a senator, who has not a clue congress passes law, not a wanna-b King like Obummer !
What's sad is that a Senator of the United States believes so little in the rule of law
Democrats abandoned America years ago for identity politics. Gave away jobs and broke healthcare. Now obstructionists
Give these kids a pass then make it clear no more illegals
Pass a law right now to protect the Dreamers
Where were you when you King bypass Congress and made somthing onlu congress could do. You complice of his stupidity.
This is appalling the DEMS used a exec. order to scam the DACA's.  They do not understand who makes the laws.
RIGHT AND WE FOOT THEIR BILL!
Dear Patty;  Millions of American kids wake up to little hope for theirs. Think about them when you can spare time
shameless conduct by you. he actually is saving DACA after ur inaction.
Appalling? He put the destiny of these 26yearold "children" in your hands where it belonged all along, just do your job, stop grousing
absolutely awful!
The Federal Court would have ended DACA on/about 5 September 2017. Trump gave Congress months more time to legalize DACA. Blame Obama fail.
Obama himself admitted he violated the law when he illegally passed DACA. It's his and YOUR PARTY's FAULT. You're appalling, like your hair.
Boy you have no idea what your saying and not an American
My democratic leaders HAVE DONE NOTHING TO STOP THIS...so your words are hollow.
History will show dem leader talked...only.
Upset now that you have to work for a living! DYJ so these people can stay. Crying about DACA isn't going to save them. Work on law!
These are fine young Americans and my heart breaks to think of innocent children terrified by their own President !
What definition are you even talking about?
8 years of Obama and not stopping illegal immigration really is the problem and this was also under your watch. Your just as much to blame!
Senator Murry, there is no problem with Donald Trump if your President Obama would have let congress take care of this it wouldn't happen!!!
Wrong! Obama should not have made a unilateral decision. You can thank him.
Proud of president trump best vote i ever cast
Senator Murray I know you can come up with something within six months let's see if you can. Stop tweeting tell us what you gonna do.
Senator Murray be a leader and come up with the right answer for this problem instead of relying on somebody else
Stop complaining and do something about it! #DoYourJob
Patty Murray why don't you become the hero and come up with a constitutional amendment to correct this. That what President Trump wants done
you guys had 8 years and did what?!
SCREWED UP AMERICA AND ALL THE LEGAL CITIZENS!!!
Not true. People were screaming for years to secure the border. No one did. Gave Billions to help alevate problem - Good work: Deceivers.
You know as well as I do that no DACA people will be deported unless they commit a felony! Not enough $ or man power. Quit politicizing this
How many constituents do you rep. for WA? Its not #AmericaLast Senator...ITS #AmericaFirst b/c #AmericanKidsHaveDreamsToo
What did you accomplish in congress Patty? That's right, nothing.
Make it a law Senator, start doing your job! #TermLimits
Your right at home
Patty I truly hope you're having to look for a new job come the mid term elections. Your a disgrace.
We need you to fix it, @PattyMurray You don't have time to be appalled.
What is truly appalling is that Obama signed an unconstitutional #DACA ex order in the first place. Maybe congress will now do its job#MAGA
So do something!  You are the one to work across party lines!  @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
It was uncertain already since DACA was illegal by BHO's own admission. End DACA and get back to a legal immigration system. Get to work!
AMEN!!!!!
What's appalling is dreamers haven't bothered to apply for citizenship.
Wake up Patty for the love of God
DACA is illegal & unconstitutional. Dems  wanted them for votes. If u really cared about them, why, over the last 8 yrs, have u done nothing
Can you work as hard for American citizens please ? It's called doing your job and it would be greatly appreciated
So, if they are so bright why did they not know it was a temporary fix by BHO, dream on dreamers, your run is up.
No-not following our own laws brought us to this. Dreamers not at fault but YOU in Washington own this
Instead of complaining, do something about it!!!!
we elected YOU and expect a lot more from you than your expression of sadness. How about solutions, change.
The sad time was when you all didn't pass immigration reform.
How many times have we heard @realDonaldTrump talk about the children? Yet, daily, he makes it clear that he only cares about #WhiteChildren
You are really pathetic. You don't care one bit about our dreamers. You forget you were elected to represent the people of the US get to it.
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #crookedmedia
What's truly appalling is the fake legislation and lies coming from you people as the the conditions at the VA only continue to get worse.
Your fake outrage is hilarious!  Congress makes the laws, do your effin job, Senator.
Because CONGRESS kicked immigration reform down the road for decades...  CONGRESS PASSES LAWS...  not a President.
Shame on you @BarackObama @HouseDemocrats toying with these peoples lives #DACA .  Shame on you.
Thought this was politics 101. Congress makes the law. Stop being faux appalled all of the time and do something.
The sad time for our country was when YOUR X BOSS thought he was king and could create law on his own.that was your job patty now do it!!!!!
