Instead of working to lower costs for families, Republicans seem to be dead-set on jamming their version of #Trumpcare through the Senate.
We should work together to lower all health care costs, including prescription drugs, but #Trumpcare raises costs on millions of families.
And ObamaCare raised cost to all taxpayers!
That's because # GOPlawmakers are complicit in defrauding the American people w/o the courage to face us directly. #Cowards
Universal Healthcare is a WHO goal for 2030, but Repubs want to remove what advances we have made towards ensuring healthcare for all in US.
52 civil servants don't get to decide if I live or die. 
No #TrumpCare
#SinglePayer
#MedicareForAll
did nothing to educate or gain support nor did it help identify things that would need to be fixed get real, you don't deserve healthcare
The ACA is broke but you wouldn't trade a flat tire for a square one. Let's keep rolling with the ACA until a proper POTUS can fix it.
how sick they are. That why they calling it the Death Bill.
That's a bald faced lie, your party locked the republicans out regularly. Turn about is fair play and all.
GOP = COWARDS
How then did the Speaker say "We have to pass the bill to know what is in the bill"?
And you still crammed that piece ofACA down our throats with.  The GOP plan could be the best ever & you guys would still complain.
how about @SenateDems  demand #VoteARama
Prosecute those that abuse the system and jack up health costs!! WHY IS HEALTHCARE a FOR PROFIT? Making money off of illness, really?
And you Dems passed your bill before anyone could read it!! Do you have anything positive to say at all?
Does you just have to pass it to see what's in it sound familiar. Your party just never gave anyone time to read it. Quit fear mongering!
@HouseGOP @GOP talking 2 Patty with condescending tone 
Not impressive! 
Lives are on the line 
We want hearings on AHCA
Sums up that and a lot more about gridlock in WDC.
The Republicans are lying, they are hiding everything they do. The bill they are working on is being call the Death Bill! That is what
Thank you Senator. Yes @GOP the people want transparency & you owe it to us to tell us what's in the bill
Don't forget 161 GOP-sponsored / written amendments.
Keep fighting for transparency and a decent bill that improves ACA
Thank you for speaking up @PattyMurray . Your constituents appreciate you.
He fails to mention that GOP is planning on shoving Trumpcare down our throats with only 50 votes!
#RememberObamacare It has to pass before we can see what's in it.
So what are Dems doing?  Nada
Did you ever think it's because you liberals are just going to drag it out like u do with ever republican idea
they are call it. They plan on it kill at least 40 million people, and the republicans are happy about it. That
How is what they're doing even constitutional when they can block an entire party from this?
Sure you held meetings, yet with all those meetings... the Dems failed to reach consensus w/opposition but now you R willing to negotiate?
Oh puleazse
Withhold unanimous consent! Stop being cowards & fight back.
So what do we do, and what do you do?
And they're rude, defensive and disingenuous about the reasons. Thank you for your persistence!
Jesus, he wouldn't even look at you.
Thank you Patty!  He would not be so defensive if he was acting correctly.  Keep questioning the Republicans on this!
Because it's a delay tactic. No thanks. Quit wasting time
Can u please remind everyone that Republicans didn't want health care to begin with! So why do we think they can create a health plan?
And it was such a horrible bill not ONE #GOP member signed on..and NO ONE knew what was in it..Including @PattyMurray
They are reading it before they pass it peppermint patty
"If you like your plan, you can keep your plan." I'll just leave this here.
it is all partisan now.
They got what they wanted...
Don't allow them to pass this bill. We must see it!!!
And yet the Democrats were the ones who rammed their bill through.
#Trumpcare Yes, we are worried and condescending replies about whether or not to have hearings is beyond the pale.
Keep fighting, Senator!
We are in extreme circumstances, our democracy is at stake. No resistance is too extreme. PLEASE RESIST EVERYTHING! #TrumpRussiaCollusion
If the GOP were proud of their healthcare bill they'd show it. They are hiding it for a reason.
They all are caluding to make rich be more rich. 4 months of crazy and calusion to keep covering up. I want impeachment..of all of trumps...
Secrecy and deception are the GOP's only means of forcing this farce of a health bill onto the American people. Keep up the good work!
Ya right, you lie.
Wow he went off on a tangent! Good for you Senator for standing up for the public's need to learn what's in the trumpcare bill!
The American people are fed up with Democratic party who continues to not work with the Republican party. Drain the Swamp America vote out
Shameful.
Bwahahaha
GOP - bunch of criminals
I am a WA voter. Please do *everything* in your power to bring the Senate to a dead stop until this changes.
Thanks for trying, Patty!
Just like Devos hearing, @SenAlexander cares about party over country. She's talking abt debate, not vote. I hope good ppl of TN #VoteHimOut
Maybe this happened. but from the passenger seat, I do not remember you needing ANY non-dem votes to pass this scam on US: Debs in Everett
Shameful of the @GOP to hide the bill from the American people. If it would help the people they would release it. #noAHCA
Ah, Lyin' Patty, re: transparency of failed Obamacare legislation;we the people need to read the bill after it passes to learn what's in it.
NAZIS on the march!
The Chair of the Senate Health Committee doesn't want to discuss the #healthcare bill @indivisible_tn @Tennessean @knoxnews @TimesFreePress
Thank you
This is unAmerican.
Thanks, Senator Murray for fighting to save our healthcare
That's because it's not "Trumpcare", it's "DonTCare"
So appreciate living in WA State where we have a Senator like you
Fear for those in "red" states who are more prone to losing their coverage
Thank you for continuing to fight!  If they really want to fix it they need to come out of the closet and get to work hearing from all
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @Cabinet  Entire country did not vote Rep/russian, those who voted 4 Dems also want their voices to b heard in DC
are we a one party nation now? With no freedom of/press  or speech? DT billionaire's club can't relate 2choosing btw food or buying medicine
B/c they are chickenshit cowards &traitors. They're supposed 2represent ALL Americans which means dem reps serving need 2 have a voice too

Thank you Senator. @SenAlexander is kicking >630K people off healthcare in his own state. He's obviously a little defensive about it.
The GOP will be blamed for sabotaging the ACA. Voters need to understand how devastating trumpcare will be, keep pushing for the details
Nothing in the constitution prohibits them from doing this?
Stop any senate work now.  Be the sand in the gears until these senators can get home and hear from their constituants on the next recess.

As a constituent, I urge you to halt Senate business. Demand public hearing. AHCA puts Americans like me w/chronic illness at serious risk.
The GOP (Greedy Old Parasites) are cowards with a terrible #Trumpcare bill - they won't show it because they know it sucks for the people.
Nice revisionist history, you going to espouse how your program gave freebies to dem donors forced us to buy it and still collapsed?
You also held mostly closed door meetings shutting out GOP. You even lied to Democrats about what was in it...you can keep your Dr?
said the business banker and not so secret lover of Mike Pence behind his "mother"
Shut down Senate business until they stop all this secrecy! Deeply disturbing!
My guess is that they afraid that besides not being able to explain their own position on their own bill they can't defend it either.
Patty, Not a single @gop vote for #ACA. The ACA is a complete failure that @TheDemocrats own! Sit back and let @gop clean up your mess
Everyday the original DEM health care plan-single payer-looks better It should regularly be injected into the debate #Democrats #Healthcare
Big deal nancy signed it without reading it u people are a circus. Term limits patty propose that and be usefull for once
Thank you @PattyMurray for demanding a hearing!
Hey all follow @Celeste_pewter for calling info and tips! http://itstimetofight.weebly.com/call-list-for-612-132017.html …
Stop making concessions until your constituents get to see this bill. No more yes votes until #TrumpRussiaInvestigation is investigated
How is this not illegal?
Not double down and put together this critical piece of legislation with no opportunity for feedback from the ppl who are most at risk!
Do something to get the news out - twitter people know, butbwhat about people who only get their news from tv or papers? Make headlines!
With due respect to the Chairman, if he had issues with the way ACA was passed it's his job as a Statesman to right that perceived wrong.
Patty: 57 partisan meetings but not one single Republican vote. Oh and you forgot to READ IT!!
