I’m at the table ready to keep working & I'm confident we can reach a bipar agreement as soon as this latest partisan approach is set aside.
WTH??? All you do is trash others, common ground my arse.
Thank you
Wasn't what you said when the Dem's passed the ACA bill. Written in the dark and passed by not one GOP vote in either Senate or House. mixup
You've been a partisan hack for three decades, you're hardly in a position to cry for bi- partisanship now
Then what do you suppose we do senator because you and John McCain  way is not working. You have had 8 years for this
Please sign onto Medicare for All.
Yes. It may not get the social media attention that vitriol does, but working to find where our values do overlap is critical.
McCain isn't in his right mind. Says he has chemo and radiation then goes to work afterwards everyday. Don't believe it.
Hmm, so, you're saying that the ACA was the wrong way to do things?

Where was the 'regular order' or 'working together'?
When are you going to start, all talk
Just like dems did when you passed Obamacare. Democrats need to be held accountable for the same healthcare as America.
So where was this retoric when the ACA was first passed??? Seems self serving now
Seriously? The only time U try to find common ground is when U know U don’t have a snowballs chance to get what U want any other way. Loser!
Vice President Pence
Like if you know regular order ! Your liberal ways can't conceive of the idea, going rouge of the left ? I hope so
Where was that thinking when Obamacare was ramrodded through??? Effing hypocrite.
Then start working for Americans
yes like spending BILLIONS on war and war contractors and war paraphernalia and sending our troops to God knows where for what?
Release the TDA accounts and trust funds of the people fraudulently held by the federal reserve and there will be no need for all this
All I have ever hoped for with my votes are the beliefs that you will do us right. Right for me would be to tell a certain fool "I got this"
It hasn't worked in the past
Would you both please support Bernie Sanders Senate Bill for universal healthcare?
Yes   as he said if it's not bipartisan we will be fighting this same fight every 2 years.
So why did he back this crazy thing?
Thanks for your efforts to practice what you preach. Walking the walk; not just talking the talk. Your work across aisle is a model for all.
OK.... But let's not start negotiating from the middle this time.
When are you going to start working for Americans
Where was that common ground when you rammed the ACA through without a single GOP vote? #ScrewYou
Please articulate what common ground exists to get anything done?
Senator why not just say the bill was a terribly lousy piece of legislation? Regular Order is just an 'excuse.'
Common ground = disgust of the cheeto fingered twatwaffle in chief.
What's the plan?
John McCain is a piece of shit! Why don't you work with Rand Paul?
Where are your good ideas? We need more than lip service.
Common ground doesn't exist
Of course you do Patty
Get The insurance companies out of health care! Walk the Talk Patty! You take piles of cash from Big Pharma!
AMEN
And in this, I'm behind both of you 100%!
Thank you both for efforts to bring  bipartisanship back to the Senate.
Amen
Common ground with other sold out corporate puppets ?  U can get with repubs and fight to see corporate health care continue. Go away Patty
thank you Sen
Well that proves that Trump is right if you're for McCain!
There has been no order to Congress since #Obama was elected w/a super majority in place. Only shoved #Obamacare & #stimulus up our A$$!
Like when Democrats shoved Obamacare down American's throats strictly along party lines? Like that kind of working together?... #LyingBitch
Hope @SenAlexander has heart will come back to bipartisan table immediately a True Tn Volunteer would
Totally agree.  Bi partisan cooperation is long overdue.
I am with you. He is simply voting how anyone with at least an ounce of compassion would.
You & Maria need to join Bernie and the growing number of others and stand together for single payer. This is your shot @ it...NOW!
Thank you heros...
I agree also but it seems the president and the rest of the Republicans do not want to do that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer
Thank you for your effort to bring forth a bipartisan approach to health care. Eventually it is what will need to happen.
Thank you for fighting for us! #truepatriots
Thank you Senator Murray and thank you Senator McCain for speaking out against the bill. As a Democrat, I’m sick & tired of partisanship.
And as one of your constituents, I appreciate your work in this direction.
You were doing just that with Senator LaMar... Thank you for keeping your commitment to service unlike so many of your colleagues.
Bravo 
Thank you for supporting law making by regular order & bipartisanship. Please don't let the tea party run the USA.
Stop filling your coffers with $ from Insurance Co's & big pharma only then can you even begin to be taken seriously @PattyMurray...
Bc as long as you take their $, we know that you are not fighting for hard working American families. You're fighting for special interests!
We're incredibly thankful for Senators like you, that uphold the rules of order for fair and stable law making.
Thank you for supporting regular order and bipartisanship. How can I convince my Senator @marcorubio to join you?
Thank you for supporting law making by regular order & bipartisanship. How can I convince my Senator: @SenToomey to join you? Already called
Call again. Call each office. And show up at his office too!
We're talking about millions of people. no room for partisanship or donor pressures.
Thank you honorable Senator Murray! I am disabled and have had 7 back surgeries and about to have another. I need my Medicare/Medicaid
Universal health care is the only way to save his failed administration
Personally, I was under the impression that is how our founding fathers envisioned our government. Not the perversion we see now.
Business back to regular huh? How does anyone support that statement?
That is certainly how 99 percent of Americans want it done.
Hear, hear!  yes please senators - working together with civil discourse and highest intentions for constituents - thank you! @SenAlexander
Please go back to working on bipar fixes to ACA. Thank you.
You are saving American lives. #GrahamCassidyBill
"Regular order" is what we teach our kids in school about our system of government. The GOP BS lately causes them to question what we teach.
//Senator Murray and McCain you are very Honorable and served the American people well today.   I hope the bi-partisan negotiations resume.
Agreed don't  rule by intimidation, by coercion, lead  by democracy. Don't rule like Trump. Lead like McCain

Doing the right thing for WA and country as a whole, nice work!
I know, let's take a vote on Christmas Eve
You must have the best coverage! Others are not as fortunet as you and need coverage now. Having no insurance would change your perspective!
I agree with 1974 law,that said insurance can sell across STATES broders. Free market,control broders. The prices lower&competitive 
@SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman Hey guys-can y'all please get this mess fixed? Thanks!
Thank u Senator Murray! Keep fighting for the American people!
Then why aren't you doing it????!!!!
She's been working with @SenAlexander on a fix for the heath insurance marketplace
That's great. They sure are slow. I'm just sick thatvour healthcare was ever turned over to the federal govt.
Ex I need $5k for a #Spenddown #wtf is that? A 1$ a piece will do @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateDems

https://www.youcaring.com/travisobrien-836328 …
Yet you had no problem passing Obamacare with no bipartisanship.
Talk about rushed. Nancy Pelosi stupidly remarked that it had to be passed before they knew what was in it.
Mccain is a #Traitor ...
Thank you! I pray that means you will follow through on that with a no vote?
Hi @SenateDems @SenateGOP @GOP @HouseDemocrats 
Can you stop effing around w OUR healthcare? You can afford this  but the little ppl can't
Your nose grew an inch
OK so now we need to get big money out of politics, this bill would not be if Kochs et al weren't involved.
#pattymurray is a hypocritical #sackofdissemblingshit - no "common ground" when she n #Democrats rammed thru #Obamacare n killed my plan
I love reading these posts from Democrats after they rammed through Obamacare with no Republican votes.....
Bipartisan support  is the key to fixing the ACA. When you have a new product that's imperfect, you fix what's wrong, not trash it.
Well the original aca wasn't bipartisan...
Thank you for all your hard work!! Please hold strong! I and my friends & family all voted for you and we've got your back. Always. 
Thank you!
Then do it.
Of course you would!! #termlimits
McCain is a traitor to the u.s. and should have been hung
I don't recall the ACA following regular order.
How many years does it take?
And why are you and your colleague's exempt? Why? You need to be voted out of office. #AllOfYou
Says #3 chief obstructionist
Can you hear yourself? What the heck happened 8 years ago? And you're calling John McCain correct? Holy smokes.....#GoodGriefSenator
Support my health plan instead, moving us towards predictive medicine and saving taxpayers trillions.  U dub will love it
Please work to find common ground around #MedicareForAll so we can join the rest of the world's developed nations & get costs under control!
Liberal States Cali, Vermont, Connecticut didn't pass single payer because of the expense but Liberals think we can save money nationally
Every other major country covers all citizens for half the cost with better outcomes.
...and many of these counties have smaller economies than some of our states.
Californians love to brag that f they were a country they would have the 6th largest economy--didnt pass due to cost (2x total State budget)
Not sure of your figures, but a "single payer" system works through efficiency (not paying middle men) and negotiating costs down
I hope that means you reject .@SenSanders plan to take insurance away from hardworking teachers, construction workers & firefighters.
#fakenews
@PattyMurray -You are my Senator. Thank you for your work on this.

@SenJohnMcCain -Thank you for saying no to this one-sided, rushed  bill.
NO! to #PartyOverCountry!!!!!!
Thank you, Senator McCain for your call to regular order. It's refreshing & needed. TY Senator Murray for taking up the mantle on this. 
Thank you for your efforts. Hopefully things will get back on track.
Where did this go? Why, if bipartisan efforts are so important to everyone, has this not been addressed?

http://www.healthleadersmedia.com/health-plans/kasich-hickenlooper-no-cure-could-keep-aca-alive …
