Speaking out for justice and for equality is what makes us strong, and I proudly support the @Seahawks & those speaking up today. -PM
Try speaking to the bigot in the WH about it, the world knows!
Evidently you fail to understand the meaning of the word, bigot, and you need to practice what you preach.
Thank you, Senator. I wish more politicians were as level headed as you. Who does hate serve in the long run?
No you don't Senator. If you did, you would support equality, justice and fairness for those accused of campus sexual assault.
Are you joking?  Where is justice when DSHS kidnaps your children without a warrant, no just cause & violates your Civil Rights?
Where were you when Obama escalated  his racist agenda?
How can a president who received four deferrments, in order not to serve his country
even speak  to anyone elses patriotism.
I'll speak out.. this started with Obama but no one will say it.  Trump has not divided. But you certainly keep it going.  63 M strong!
This division started 8 years ago. But you would never admit that or open your eyes to the truth.
Thanks, Patty. Also our voting information was hacked. Washington state residents should know that.
Pattys happy about that fact  helped her win
 I'm pretty sure your tweets are often just as partisan and divisive... kettle, pot, pot, kettle
America's tax structure favors the rich, everyone knows it, forcing the middle class to pay the bill. You were there and in charge Patty.
When are you going to start doing something constructive
We the parents of children kidnapped by DSHS are standing up and exposing the corruption that the WA government is turning a blind eye to!
Alzheimer's? Amnesia? Dementia? Regardless, you are obviously suffing from one of them or all! #PattyMurry time 4 u 2 go 2.
You are a liberal plague on our state, resist against Trump is your party line, right!
I speak out to Obama who started this.
Stop #Trump about #NorthKoreaNukes. He doesn't think we exist! #DoSomething
It's critical to stand for the anthem, disrespecting it does not bring us together.
It is critical to speak honestly about what divides us which are false media narratives, crime and punishment and liberty and tyranny
Whose justice and equality Senator? Sure isn't mine!
So, you're going to resign? #Hurry
Please keep rocking that bipartisan #ACA improvement. We need you! Don't let them take away any shred of our healthcare security.
Senator Murray, thank you for speaking out and being a leader in improving the Healthcare.  Proud to have you as my senator.
Tnx, me also stand for peace
So let's speak out, shall we!  Speak out against the Libersls who have created this divisive problem in our country
all you do is push hate on us all...
This Charlottesville VA all over but we've been hit &killed bcse efforts r n vain 2 prevent grievous trespassing upon this 1/2 ass democracy
I told people propaganda at highest & God b glorified n it all-DISCERNMENT of 1's spirit 2 read Devils & not b fooled! 'Sons of birches'
Sons of bitches no woman accepts that BS calling their sons r any of their children .Definitely wasn't referring 2 white athletes 1-race
"F***" speaking out its time 2 shut some asses & mouths up n ur WH 4 real leadership bcse lines r being drawn n the sands.God will revenge!
You are right!!! Damn you Obama you should be ashamed of what you have done...
WRONG YOU ARE AN IDIOT THE SILENT MAJORITY STANDS WITH TRUMP YOU ARE ALL DELUSIONAL MAGA #MAGA #TRUMP
created by the likes of progressive /socialists
https://instagram.com/p/BZaW6s-gozhRIeRjN5oogByGyaF3sU5JZ_LVJ80/ …
You adhere to liberal tenant that lawlessness is acceptable in moving a narrative, ie DACa, why does it not surprise anyone you're ok here
We can all thank the resistance, obstructionists and fake news media. Not to mention people that dont think for themselves.
Yet if I disagree with your ideology which is progressive or socialist in nature I am a bigot, hater, homophobic white supremacist. Right?
Okay exactly what is you're trying to "speak out" about? Virtue signaling doesn't count
Pardon/restitution. Lawyer, freedom
Then be ready to be criticized!
#NFLProtest respects American values. Trump disrespects #Constitution Free Press, Emoluments, Freedom from religious persecution.
Ok
Patty, stop the divisive rhetoric, it's hurting our country.
What Democrat cares about justice. The Do Justice needs to be cleaned out of Obama left overs.
Sadly democrat top down pushed the narrative and brought down chaos. Ppl beat up for voting etc. Horrific
Congress OWES us a Fix to Forcing us into Unaffordable hc state. How many millions stretched beyond ability to provide basics to their kids
Amazing to see our country full of leftwing hating anarchists!  People want us to be a country with no hope, no jobs, just handouts, a joke!
They should be sent home at their expense and go thru the process like all the legals do, is not hatred!
We need YOU to Support Medicare for All!
Yea, nothing like the last +8 years to remain quiet about the mess YOU were creating. Thanks #obama
#PartyofSoros #PartyofHate
Because of your Obama America is out of control our @POTUS is working hard to find a way to Make America Great Again after @BarackObama
Not sure what you are speaking of. Hope you are not encouraging kneeling.  Kneel for your faith and stand for your country.
Yes #ObamaGate in chief 8 yrs legacy
https://www.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10213675045765799&id=1094261031&from_close_friend=1 …
I love Washington state!
Where were you patty???
I'd like 2 see a protest in front of WH. Play the anthem and a mass kneeling.
Like you stood up for our dead heroes in Benghazi?
when blacks stop being the ones causing their problems & blaming others that will be the day hell freezes over.this is all for criminals!FFS
Yes and the hatred and division are coming from with you and your people.. liberals
so blacks putting their fist in the air for black supremacy & black power is those black trash racists wanting equality!thats a new one!!
More than ever?  Are you suggesting this is worse than Jim Crow era?
Just go away...
Hatred and division comes from politicians and media trying to keep their base under control.
What are you talking about?  Your inability to help American children?
#WeThePeople , who stand 4 #Justice & #Equality , must stand against the #WhiteSupremacist  #DividerInChief in the #WhiteHouse .
#TakeAKnee
What are you doing to create a United country? Picking a side and telling people it is okay to hate our Flag probably isn't the best plan.
Proud of you speaking up Senator Murray.  No reason to allow that draft dodger dictate the national conversation.
You are the cause. Shame on you
Thanks Obama!
Practically everything #45 has said, done or implied; domestic & international ultimately benefits #Putin

Because if Trump
Yeah way to keep us divided!! Keep up the hate rhetoric great job!
All the hatred we see is coming from the Left
Yes that's why I'm so grateful for @POTUS not afraid to speak for forgotten woman/man against leftist media machine!
Speak out!  Get out PATTY CAKES!  Snake
Your right !!! Your a corporate puppet who relies on corporate money to run your campaign. You've been there far to long it time 4 U 2 go

Or kneel.....
You are the worst. And would sell your soul for power
Wanna talk equality? How about supporting @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill? Let's start there!
A horrendous bill that will drastically increase our debt, steal more money from taxpayers, and decrease Healthcare quality.
That is certainly true, but as important is choosing the proper venue, & having an accurate factual basis for your message to be effective…
Patty you are such a gem!
Go away. No president demonstrated the level of bigotry and divisiveness as BO. He was passive aggressive about it. Where were u last 8 yrs!
How did we get into this MESS-how is that for speaking out?
We must seek and provide justice for ALL. Hasten the day ALL Americans can stand proudly, assured justice is for ALL.
Pro athletes make an obscene amount of money for playing with themselves, how is that equal and just?
you didn't speak out on the last  previous 8 years. No one divided the US more.  You are another one that should take a walk in the woods.
Senator Murray.......Your FIRED!!
I did speak out. By canceling the NFL network putting away my 12 jersey and turning off my TV. Respect our flag or F off!
You’re right, I support Steeler #AlejandroVillanueva.
#boycottNFL
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #StopTheTrumpAbomination #TakeAKnee
First take care of theUSApeople and VeteransFirst sendFREELOADERS home theDreamersNo you are about follow the dollar Money talksand Bullshit
You are about follow the dollar Money talks and Bullshit Walks. Put up or shut up. And step down
You bet it is, Sen. Murray!  And we'll keep speaking out as necessary. Our 1st amendment rights are ALIVE and WELL!
Let me speak out then, Murray is a facist and a racist!!
Good luck with that.
Speak out about child predators. Your was raping your relatives. We are listening.
#speakout #resist #TakeAKnee

