No; what is a radical idea however is that artificially inflating the minimum wage is the answer.
It is contrary to scientific evidence on the impact of minimum wage hikes. It's just the easy (yet useless) solution given by people who
are too intellectually lazy to look for the real problem and solutions to them.
Except the minimum wage has been kept artificially low. Had it increased naturally with inflation it would be over $22 by now.
Except that minimum wage actually drives up inflation which is part of the problem.
Why are you so obsessed with money? Who cares how many dollars you have? What matters is what you can buy, and forced minimum wage
hikes makes it HARDER to buy stuff, not easier.
To support my earlier claim about minimum wage being inconsistent w/ scientific evidence, here is my discussion.
Again, a single data point does not constitute contradictory evidence.
What were the unemployment conditions like PRIOR?
I linked to multiple studies showing the contrary. Stupidity is strong with you.
YOU REPLIED TO THE POST WITH THE LINK:
No American is living in poverty, this is the biggest fraud perpetuated in modern American post 00's history.
Next time your in New York I'll take you to our local food pantry and you can decide if we have poverty or not.
I'd love to see it but be honest what have you got in there? Name 3 items 
I meant the people. They are very very poor. I know it's not like poverty in the slums of India - but it is unconscionable that people who
Work two full time min wage jobs can't afford to feed their family. It's not right.
Musicians like me shouldn't have to work 3 side jobs just to afford rent in Seattle...
Soon, many more people won't be working, forever. They aren't 'lazy', they just won't be needed- jobs will be done by machines. #FightFor15
Exactly. So let's get jobs going and get the economy above 3% vs the around 1% we have had for the past 8 years.
Raising the min wage to $15 will hurt those who already make that and can't make ends meet in states where tax burden is bigger.
I work 2 jobs over 50hrs a week between both jobs and still on the brink of Homelessness (one pay check away) ugh! !! More I.R.S. TAKES!!!!
HOW CAN I UN-VOLENTEER/STOP  PAYING THIS TAXES, IF THERE'S NO LAW THAT REQUIRES ME TO? Im not a Corparation but a flesh & blood human with
Says the man with 3 houses who has been saying same stuff for years and never fixed any of it.Your hot air contributes to global warming!
#IllegalAliens in the workforce are why market forces have not raised wages already. Remove them from the equation and wages rise.
Want to  know more, have one of your aides contact me and we can discuss further.
A non-custodial parent should never have to live on $800 a month after paying child support working 50 plus hours a week grossing 45k a year
Actually fighting for #noncustodial parents to get #50/50 custody and forego most #childsupport might be more beneficial @SenSanders
It's not a radical idea that of you want to make a real leaving, you shouldn't be working for minimum wage. There are better jobs out there.
Or even if you can't work, at all. There should be no poverty, period.
Raising the minimum wage to 15 would make a Big Macs price increase temporarily by 16-50 cents. Jobs would not be lost l.
You won't unless you spend more than you make. "MIKE DROP"
we are f&cked, the crime of media controlled democracy
We need this man !
Then stop stealing money from those who work and paying people who don't.
How much more common sense can you get!!!
AND, IVANKA LINE, MADE IN CHINA, WORKERS PUT IN 60 HOURS WEEKLY AND RECEIVE $62 WEEKLY FOR THEIR EFFORT.  PROBABLY LOTS OF CHILDREN WKG
It is estimated that 1 in 4 americans have a preexisting conditions-Total pop in 2017=324,420,000--81,105,000 have preexisting conditions
We'll need more than $15 and hour to pay for healthcare and even internet access.
It's also not a radical idea that the part time jobs that school kids usually get were never meant to support a  family of 4!
Recycled talking points
What's the adage, "god is so hard on the poor..."
@BeverlyMarrero  

To me, a fair living wage is how we really "Make America Great Again."
Just say no to #Socialism!
Way to go Democrats for killing the middle class! #goawaybernie
Artificially low mw= corporate welfare. Companies screw workers, inflate profits and share prx, middle class pays for food stamps, housing
I think we need to evaluate a similar but alternative issue @SenSanders; I may have a $10+/hr job, but they refuse to schedule me at 40+hrs
#fightfor15 just leads to more automation and less jobs. And higher prices for everything.Want more money don't make McDonald's a career
Exactly... So stop taxing us so much idiot
And I do...
Sentence can end after word 'poverty'
It's radical to think someone else should provide it... #PhonySocialist #LiberalHack
DT signed an executive order to remove Obama's plan to ensure people R paid the overtime they work. Is that a POTUS fighting 4 middle class?
60xmin wage >$23k poverty is $12K...it's called math, which is why you are called a fraud
It's not a radical idea that in America, NO ONE should be living in poverty.
How about lowering taxes.
Walmart, despite quarterly profits in the billions, pays it's employees low wages making many of them eligible for social
assistance programs. My taxes pay for these programs which means I'm subsidizing Walmart's payroll...
How about: in America, you should not live in poverty...Period!
Why do senators have full lifetime pay an free medical, while working class get your scraps?
It's not about how much you work, Bernie.  It's about the skill you have while doing so.  You're in your 70s. It's time to get a clue.

It's a radical idea that someone who knows 0 economics is spouting ideas about policy.
Thank you, I do not know how you are not president at this moment
If you jack up the minimum wage to $15, automation is just going to replace most of those jobs.
They already have fully automated fast food.
It's not a radical idea that in America, your pay should be based on your skillset. Entry jobs aren't for lifelong careers.
Yawn...... At the end it's been greed that wins. I'm always chasing the dollar no matter what changes or what doesn't change.
No. But if you spend all your $$ on things you can't afford...you have earned the prize of living in poverty.
You knw real solution to poverty is educ yet you & Dems have left kids trapped in failed schools w/o choice for 1 reason -Teacher Union $$$
Never a promise every job provides a Living Wage.People make choices in life ie education,developing skills,work ethic etc that impact wages
More will be living in poverty thanks to #fightfor15 just walk around NYC & San Fran w/ all the store closings in past year
Except that it did, I spoke w/ several. How many did you speak w/?  Oh and this:  http://finance.yahoo.com/news/fast-food-ceo-minimum-wage-172542952.html;_ylt=AwrTHRMGXQFZqVgAqM5x.9w4;_ylu=X3oDMTE0MGIxMGUyBGNvbG8DZ3ExBHBvcwMyBHZ0aWQDVUkyRkJUM18xBHNlYwNzcg-- …
You know - it's revolting that working people must be threatened with job losses for higher MW while CEO pay &raises are wildly unchecked...
It is if you 'work at' smoking dope
Could you live on minimum wage?
You don't understand how the buying power of money works. Fix the currency.
Don't worry #Trump tax plan looting the US Treasury for himself the rich will leave a few crumbs for us, literally
 BERNIE 2020
@UzoAduba it's also not a radical idea that women should have body autonomy FULL STOP. Stand for women or sit down.
exactly
Its not a radical idea...the radical idea is that the people in poverty are working 40, 50, or 60hrs per week. #Doesn'tHappen #MoreLike20hrs
Change the power of economy
Parlée comme un socialiste trus.
Yes, what is apparently radical idea is ending H1b visa fraud program which Dem  traitors Janet Napolitano and Bill Richardson promote.
Both of you are CLUELESS.
Yeah thanks obama
Yes it is, if your labor isn't worth more than living at the poverty level.
Bots won't understand that we r ending a system that ENDLESSLY rewards those in control of our laws n resources n Ppl who do the work r f'd!
And yet, we do.
No $hit sherlock!...#TaxPlan #taxreform #taxcuts #tax <-- No comment from #FeelTheBern ..just more rhetoric bull$hit...just words and BS!!!
Why are you attacking Bernie re: @GOP #taxreform? 

This honestly seems like displaced anger.
And yet you work probably half that and make as much as you do. That's odd.
Spoken like a true Socialist!
Also not a radical idea that progressives shouldn't be supporting theocrats or pro-lifers, anywhere, ever.
Why not make it $200 an hour.  Oh yea, it doesn't work.
Americans can figure it out, don't need Gov in our business
I know of not one person who works that much and is in poverty. Would be foolish to do so. Unrealistic as always.
Oh, but we are living way below poverty.
Anyone opposed to raising the minimum wage does not or has not had to live on the minimum wage. Until it becomes personal......just saying.
No kidding!!!
Nor is it a radical idea that getting rid of income taxes, lowering all taxes and limiting gov't would leave ppl w/a lot more money
Democrats ran the country for eight years...this is under your watch!!
I think anyone who's read Dickens would tell you eradicating poverty--even for the hardest working--is a radical idea. Work must be valued.
That's why Sen. Sanders is popular. He's says laws must change 2 raise middle class; not rich.
Yes that is what I want to hear from my president! Bernie is the best! 
People that don't support this proposition are effectively saying its OK for working Americans to live in poverty #AmericanDream ?
And yet nobody blinks when assistance is given to Industry. Why is market interference only OK when it benefits business, America's real god
I agree but these same individuals do not know how to manage their money#bigscreentvs
Really intelligent statement bernie Only problem is u have no knowledge or intelligence to create jobs for these people u r pandering Do u?
I agree all senators should take a 50% pay cut to help the poor!
BO agenda virtually wiped out in less than 100 days. After #ACA repeal & aside from the decay of race relations it's like he was never here
Really like the idea, but would like to know if you support a lower min wage for minors living at home? @SenatorDurbin @RepKinzinger @CNN
It is if you make conscious decisions including having children out of wedlock or poorly manage your finances. Idiotic as usual
Bernie, 30 years ago, how many people were making careers out of minimum wage jobs??
You have houses tho
EIC is the most efficient and effective way to achieve this.
They should as president to be a congressman and live off the public, then they could own 3 houses like you, who never held a real job
And you should not fear bankruptcy due to illness whatever your medical condition.
That may befed pov level but depending where u live it's still a struggle
I won't be in poverty once my government entitlements arrive
Bernie, my husband works 84 hours a week with only two weekend days off a month.  His shop is not a union shop.
At 50 hours/ week, my average hours worked, thats above 20k/year, its called #livewithinyourmeans
Your name is mud Bernard, disappear!
Bernie's not allowed to dissappear until he's replicated himself into perpetuity. We still need him.
YOU can have him!
Also, people don't realize that fact working full time in poverty is a product of a revolutionary movement. Capitalism.
Lmao I wish I could work 60hrs a week at this job... I wouldn't be living in poverty
Nation Builders have been superseded by Wealth Builders.
But it is a radical idea to change jobs if you don't get paid enough....
Would close thousands of businesses. Donate some $ sellout
That's for d.. sure.  I agree Bernie.  I wish you were in the White House.
You clearly never had a job outside government.
You have never worked in your life Bernie
Basket Weaving 101 = $0
what are you saying about Trump's proposed tax plan?
If you're living in poverty working 40-60 hours a week, you screwed up somewhere. It is possible. See John Smith and Jamestown, VA 1609. 
It's not that the work isn't hard, it's that anyone can do it. It's called "every level." Want manager pay, become the manager.
If they are living in poverty getting overtime —— they have a spending problem.  STOP teaching people everything is to be handed to them.
So stop giving money to people that are capable of working those hours and don't
It's the truth but many do.
We are Wage Slaves.
California has super majority Dems and the highest poverty rate. Leftism doesn't work.
You are such a has-been. Actually a sell out has-been.
Does it not depend on the choices you make as to what you are doing and how you got there?
Yeah, or you can only work 10 hours a week like Fitzgerald.
10 hours?? I am 53 years old - that would be slavery.
53 years old in Irish years is like 137 years old too.
Always picking on the Irish!
#FeivelSanders?
*singing
"There are no cats in America, and the streets are paved with cheeeeese..."

#IHadToWorkForMine!
It's not radical to suggest women not have babies until they are married also. And no, killing the baby isn't a solution to that problem
Stop working 4 rich corporations work 4 urself even if it kills u. Corporations don't care about we the people!
if the minimum wage rises again so will everything else. No matter what minimum wage is not liveable. It's made for teens.
And yet we do... our paychecks are bearly enough to survive on
Thank you!
BERNIE SANDERS I DON'T BELIEVE THAT ANYONE PERIOD SHOULD BE LIVING IN POVERTY, I AM AND IT'S CRUEL
I wonder if corporations would notice if we the people stopped spending for a week.
Support America first.... stop illegals from taking jobs and working for half the pay.
Have you idiots not figured it out by now?
Raising minimum wage is pointless, the cost of living just rises with it
You use the word 'poverty' quite loosely.
I work 50+ hours and still qualify for EBT. Single Dad, 2 teen agers. At least old enough now to understand why there is no Christmas.
Even at fifteen an hour is poverty.    If u give up two if ur houses to a single moms, then I will believe you.   But you won't!!
It's radical to suggest those who actually do work 40, 50, 60 hours a week DO live in poverty. They don't.
Depends on how much value do you produce during those 40, 50 or 60 hours.
we wouldn't be if we weren't taxed so heavily but you try to fix it with taxes.
What's radical is seeking to understand why and create structural change vs simplism of simply paying more with no increase in production
True free market w/o government interference is what works, it's the best system out there period. Your economically ignorant.
55 to 86.5 hrs. per week, until I injured my back permanently at age 40 it was damn hard to get by in trickle down economics before & after.
By your standards, neither should you be living the life of wealthy and priveledge.
I wasn't until Obama got into office. 50% hike in deductible.  I can't afford healthcare for my family.
yet more people are insured .. Medicare for all is the answer, like Bernie says
Right.  I am middle class. Every year I'm squeezed a little harder to support welfare and congressional pay hikes.  I'll need welfare soon.
I am sure the Republican Tax plan that will reduce taxes on the wealthy will help us all out a great deal
@TheDemocrats will never embrace progressive policies. Join @GreenPartyUS or start another party. You're wasting your time with Perez.
Keep telling them Bernie! We demand to be treated fairly and paid a living wage.
Due to the high cost of living in #seattle, "low income" has been redefined as $72,000 for a family of four. #crazy
Everyone must pay fair share of tax including corporations
Just ask all the people in Venezuela you nut job socialist!!!
Yeah, raise prices for everyone while nullifying the raise.
If you have a problem with raising the minimum wage you are one sick SOB.
Get em Bernie
If you work that many hours and are still in poverty you: suck with money, have kids(you shouldn't), need to move!!
Bernie which jobs deserve to be paid $15/hr? Most of these jobs are not meant to be career choices but temp for people such as students.
Workers to support you and your friends both parties doing nothing except serving themselves ...
Not a radical idea for term limits either, get the hint there Bernie
But what are you doing about Trump-Russia?????
Bernie don't mention prices doubled on Obama's watch which is why the minimum wage is an issue. Lower prices too! @POTUS
why make $15 an hour when you want to text 80% of it LOL stupid socialist
@SenSchumer so what is your plan????
@prashan_55 apparently 'in America you should not be living in poverty' is still a radical idea tho
Bernay says it's not tho
he should tweet that then instead of this 'if you...' capitalist propaganda!
I did it for some years as a single person. The idea that you can live/start a life on a $9/hr. job living by yourself is nuts.
You can barely survive. You need two of those jobs, and then all you're doing is working.
No that is not a radical thought but forcing min. wage up is not the answer and the adverse effects on the rest of economy would be horrible
I only hope 'the people' listen to people like @SenSanders in the #US & @jeremycorbyn in the #UK. Sick of populism winning with hatred.
Remember the Great Depression ? You guys and gals are going to screw everything up. But I guess that is what you do
17 all I care about is the wall *sobbing* my yacht, daddy if you raise there wage I want have a my my my yachet??? #keepamericaonwelfare
