DeVos is a billionaire w/ extraordinarily complicated & opaque finances—both in her own holdings, as well as those of her immediate family.
DeVos' ethics paperwork raises a significant number of questions about the companies she plans to remain invested in.
Betsy DeVos is being jammed through with corners being cut & with the minority being brushed aside—it's absolutely wrong. #DeVos
Betsy DeVos doesn't have the experience, skills, understanding, or vision to lead @usedgov at a time when it is more important than ever.
Betsy DeVos refused to rule out slashing investments in, or privatizing, public schools. #NoOnDeVos
DeVos was confused fed law provides protections for students w/ disabilities & argued guns be allowed in schools to “protect from grizzlies”
From everything we heard & all the questions that still remain, it's clear Betsy DeVos is the wrong choice to lead the Dept of Education.
Thank you, Senator Murray, for boycotting.
No on DeVos
immigrants get more vetting then cabinet members what the hell is wrong with this system??
you have to pass it to c what's in it. Comes back around, to bite all dems. #ted nutaitis
public schools are broken. We need more choices for our children in a fast advancing tech world. Better ed+jobs=success
more schools =more people to regulate them= more $$. Less regulation = low performance.
charter schools and vouchers will ensure more schools, better choices for ALL people. Public ed is now a failure.
charters arent magical. Theyre failing in DeVos home state. DeVos agenda of unchecked charters is BAD
not looking for magical...looking for choice. Don't agree w/choice?
ur saying charters allow for better choices but that's only when run properly. Check Devos record.
don't need 2-I have 2 grandkids in charter in south cuz pub school is failing. No more chances.
don't let her do it to charters in your area too!
Then the answer is simple, vote NO
Let's get this straight: You believe in minority rights or not? #Eastern#Washington #DuplicitousLiberal
.@PattyMurray Suggestions on how voters can keep voicing opposition? Who to call/write/send Harry Potter owl???
NO DeVos.  NO Sessions. Impeach Trump. Run Bannon out of town. That man is manipulative and very scary.
fight all of Trump's gov't. His nominee's COI, inexperience. He wants 'yes' men.  @potus authoritarian tendencies frightens me.
Say NO Patti, DeVos is anti-schools & education for all. She will bring back segregation. She is wrong for America.
you and your party are truly a bunch of parasites you care about you and nothing else
Thank You for voting no! #resist
DO YOUR JOB GO TO WORK AND VOTE! GROW UP DO YOU THINK THIS PATRIOTISM ITS NAZI BEHAVIOR #notmysenator
why was she confirmed?
I'm a constituent. Keep going Patty! Vote NO!
NO DEVOS
Thanks for your NO vote on DeVos!
@PxlJedi. She has made large donations to Rep on hearing com. Pay to play at its finest.
Are you going to join the filibusters? Why haven't you spoken about that yet?
Fortunately no time is needed. She doesn't believe in #PublicSchools or #SeparationOfChurchAndState #DumpDevos
#Devos
No need for more ?'s. She is unqualified; nominated b/c of her wealth, family connections and donations to R's. Just vote no.
Vote against #Devos. @kenquandt
like I said, on a witch hunt. she knows her stuff. nominate her.
Then it's a clear NO
good now vote. And then you can get to work.
You go, @PattyMurray & @SenatorCantwell. YOU GO!
@now7grandkids #neverBetsy #impeachtrump
- that means vote NO. No benefit of the doubt anymore. #DumpDevos #DeVosHearing
Privatizing #education forces taxpayers to pay for private profits, with far less accountability and representation. #noDevos
Vote no
Join the Finance peeps: boycott!
Please vote no.
Remember when Obama's cabinet was obstructed?  OH WAIT. That never happened. Time for #NuclearOption
you mean how we've had an empty Supreme Court seat for about 10 months?!
You are not advancing anything.Your obstructionism is not helping those you profess to assist.The Dem model is fraudulent.
RE:  Diane Feinstein bill stopping Executive Orders that were not vetted properly - Was that bill introduced?
withhold consent, please!
Then you have to vote no.
Thank you for fighting.
that right there should be an automatic disqualifier. If they won't let you ask questions,  there's a reason why. #VoteNoDevos
@Alt_DeptofED awesome job standing up! Thank you for working for all of us!

please hold the course and do whatever you can to keep DeVos out. My children (in WA) are depending on you.
thanks for your work in this.  It's important to draw a line.
ummm what is there to research? Just say NO -
You are on a witch hunt and can not proof any of what you said. confurm her and stop this grandstanding
you obviously missed out on education. Proof is in what Michigan schools are like. #detroitschools
you will lose in 2018! Elections have consequences. ! you're Team lost. Now its time to work to for Us AMERICANS .
you need some grammar to work for YOU
keep up the good fight, concentrate on actionable stuff. #resist &thank you!
Thank you for your NO on DeVos!
Just vote "no".  Surely you know enough by now
Ma'am. Dems lost.  We deplorable's won.  Please stop delaying our rapid march forward 
with our President Trump. #ted. nutaitis
you lost too. You r just to short-sighted to see it yet :(
seems like anymore questions still would not clear up her not being suited or qualified for leading our nation's education.
#resist
please vote no on De Vos!
.@PattyMurray We know Patty. You don't want #minorities & poor to have school choice. You want them locked into failing public education.
that would be DEVOS agenda

not buying it. Pulling ANY funds from public schools is going on the wrong direction. She is NOT qualified. That simple
We're pulling funds. We're putting funding in schools that educate our kids, not pass them regardless of performance.
shes BUYING  her position
shes simply not qualified
Plagiarism, too.
just say no
#StopDeVos
Devos is that she supports choice and challenge the teachers union.  The system is broke don't stand in the way!
choice does not  = performance. It just divided up the already scarce funds for our children
allows me to take my kids out of a crappy underperforming school with lazy teachers
When was last time u actually told truth. Im sorry I 4got. U R a radical liberal & incapable of acting in moral ethical manner
keep fighting for us and our children #resist
NO we need someone to LEAD ED not shred it
vote no and send her to school. Tell her to come back when she knows what she's talking about
vote no on #DeVosconfirmation She belongs nowhere near our education system.
Hoping the NO votes win out on this one.
