Us, too! And thank you for working on one!
Me too! Incredible how the hate 4 anything Obama is keeping leadership from working on bipartisan fix of ACA
Its gonna work itself out. To many warriors out there don't trip. God really do has this..
What Action Are The Democrates taking to stop this?
I'm disappointed that you don't support Medicare for All @PattyMurray
Medicare for all. Who's going to pay for that. Liberals hate facts and are seriously out of touch.
Okay, so watch your neighbors die. Witness suffering of those living in poverty, elderly in your community. Would Jesus want to see that?
That didn't happen before Obamacare and it won't  happen after its gone. Back away from the kool-aid.
He couldn't get Medicaid and he couldn't get treatment. He was a hard working man, he just couldn't afford insurance. Before Obamacare.
That's unfortunate about your friends Uncle. But free government heath care is not the answer.
It's not free government healthcare. It is a 2% tax increase. I will pay that to know that no one in my community has to suffer.
Since a lot of people in the US pay no taxes and they are the ones who can't afford insurance. Free is how they receive it.
SenMurray: PLEASE do all possible to stop #CassidyGraham. Peel away women GOP from supporing this bill. Talk to Lindsay & Bill. #Persist
Whoever wrote the bill should be forced to spend a year or two with only that health care, to test it out before dooming the public.
russians and gop on same page
YOU'RE NUTS TOO!
Please don't stop fighting those of us who need the ACA for affordable insurance. Without the ACA I'd be dead from asthma.
U.S. SENATORS please don't making so miserably for millions of peoples all Rices thank you so much all and GOD BLESS ALL
#RunOutTheClock #savetheACA
I'm not surprised. Why are they trying too kill people, for money to build their damned wall?
YOU'ER SO MISINFORMED (NUTS)
The bill Democrats and Obama forced through the Senate with reconciliation has created suffering today.Democrats wereincompetent, still are.
I THINK YOU'RE MAD
GOP are trying to kill us
THEY DON'T HAVE TO, THE LIBERAL PROGRESSIVES HAVE BEEN DOING IT FOR YEARS!
Please tell me you and Senator Cantwell are standing united with other Dem (and some sane GOP) Senators and will vote no!
#Trumpcare
McCain 202-224-2235
Murkowski 202-224-6665
Collins 202-224-2523
Portman 202-224-3353
Capito 202-224-6472
Alexander 202-224-4944
So are many, many well informed constituents! So clear this is not about *our* needs but rather tax breaks, and GOP getting from Kochs.
YOU'RE SO NUTS!
I'm not disappointed, & you shouldn't be either-you should be ANGRY; you should be OUTRAGED. GOP is gearing up to kill people to get a "win"
Idiot
Hey Patty how did you Dems jam through Obummer care. Partisanship? I think not.
I think its time to stop being "disappointed" and get mad as hell and fight!!!
No sense being disappointed, it is exactly what you did when Obamacare was jammed through
WHAT ELSE WOULD YOU EXPECT FROM YOU. YOU DON'T COME UP WITH A BETTER IDEA, YOU JUST COMPLAIN.
I'm surprised (sardonic dismay) that Dems like yourself won't support #MedicareForAll
U.S. SENATOR PATTY MURRAY you're a Excellent U.S SENATOR and Wonderful Human being compassion with the immigrants and rightnowforthosedreame
Disappointed is too weak dear Patty do better
Ikr. But at the end of the Day Absolutely nothing happens in Gods world by mistake. Its gonna be ok. We all must remember. FAITH..Boss Lady.
Keep fighting for us!
They are cruel traitors to the American people. They don't work for us, obviously.
YOU HAVE GOT IT WRONG. YOUR LIB PROGRESSIVES ALREADY HAVE, OBVIOUSLY!
I'm disappointed both WA state senators voted for giant +$$ to Military. OR state reps both voted no. Why aren't we progressive too?!?
If progressive means anti-military in this current world, then count me out. WA state Dems are NOT caring people.
Please. Hyperbole much? You don't have to be anti-military, to agree that our military-industrial-congressional-complex is an issue.
You don't think we need spending on the military right now? We still may have a great military, but it has been weakened way too much.
Why do you think our military has been weakened? We spend more on our military than the next 8 countries combined. MilitaryIndustrialComplex
Dissapointing to hear about the possible vote on a worse health care plan ...just need to fix up ACA
Were you "disappointed" when Dems did it with Obamacare without a single Republican vote?  #hypocrite
Me too. Healthcare is too important to be torn down so they can have a tax cut.
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-20/the-numbers-don-t-lie-women-make-more-effective-legislators-than-men …


You mean like exactly what was done by Democrats to force Obamacare?
As a Washingtonian, I proudly voted for you. Please do all you can to save my healthcare. I have a pre-existing condition and need help.

Bummer huh? Your political memory is conveniently short!
Please vote NO
Just like the Dems did with Obamacare? Patty you are unbelievable!!
Just like you helped jam through Obama Care!  Your an elected official for God's sake.  Quit the crap, PLEASE!!!
The death bill.
I am deeply disappointed that you did not co-sign Bernie's Medicare for All bill.
Patty, Please fight this.
If I fold what I pay for my co. 's insurance with my weekly Medicare takeout, I think a single payer plan might be cheaper. Just a thought.
Thank you for opposing the latest effort to cripple health care in the US.
Senator, I have faith that you will continue to fight the madness for us.
Only Democrats are allowed to do that! I'm mad too!
nothing new. and besides nothing matters anymore.
Just like demo did with obamacare.
This is sad. A new low!
They are EVIL puppets of the Koch brothers.

We are too. We aren't fooled. You were making progress on what 64% of Americans want stabilize ACA insurance markets.
Me too. Stay strong and keep talking with @lisamurkowski @sensusancollin @SenJohnMcCain
I'm disappointed you and the Republicans voted on increasing the military budget by 80 billion enough money for social programs
You might actually get more support if you would admit that the ACA was bad government and a complete failure that ruined people's care
Im beyond disappointed.
It must be good then.  You have no right to take away my privacy and freedom of choice.  Down with progressives/communists.
https://www.facebook.com/jimmykimmel/videos/1977414852535607/ …
You can't hope to compromise with a party that wants to strip healthcare from millions. Majority of Americans now want #MedicareForAll. Act!
They don't plan on wasting time on protocol or debates. They want to jam it through.  No discussions & will try every chance they get.
Me too!
Well... hopefully we can...
#PurgeGopCongress
Not unlike how your party did, which started this whole illegal mess.
I just called @SenAlexander office, he's voting Yes on #CassidyGraham. #TNStrong looses. @GOP All families loose! #veterans loose. #SaveACA
Why is the government so unbelievably broken?
They are @GOP. Cheating - trying to 'win' (aka Americans lose) at any cost. Vote them out!
These GOP people have to go. They don't care how many are hurt. They just want to pass something hurtful to brag about
This would be a great time to get behind the Sanders #MedicareForAll  bill since the Repubs are unwilling to compromise.
Thank you for continuing the struggle for all of us in Washington State.
WE want private health care cost & ins. cost cut why If someone is sick doctors  take advantage $$$ of those who need treatment
The ACA was never bipartisan. jammed through by dems. High premiums forced responsible from ins. Irresponsible gained at responsible expense
Medicare for All
Then defeat it.
Its part of their sick corruption. They want to take over the govt. Their motto is Power&Loyalty. Gingrich started it&McConnel peaked it.
Yeah, but not surprised
Thank you for all your efforts!  You are much appreciated for all you do for WA State!
I would use stronger language... but you are certainly justified to be disappointed!
Sen Murray - you're wonderful - doing what needs doing - hope Graham Cassidy dies and the bipartisan process is revived
Thank you.  Now get behind Medicare for all so we can wrap this up.
What are you doing to stop it? We need stronger action than words.
Their childish egos get in the way of adult common sense and good politics.

rage seems a more proportional response!  Do Dems not have any outrage left?
Go thank sanctuary cities because sensible citizens don't want to pay for illegals at the expense of citizens
You have to sign it to read it . You can't even be honest about that . What cost lowering measures have you imposed ?
Cow it not trumpcare ,trumo has nothing to do with it. Unlike Obamacare where senators had nothing to do with it
.@PattyMurray much admired "mom in tennis shoes" should run for Pres--really would do America good!
That's I a bunch of bs dems has tried to block, mislead and kill everything POTUS has tried. I would love to see the party's work together
Just like you and fellow DEMs jammed thru Obamacare without the GOP. It’s your turn to be ignored yet it’s We the People that suffer U fools
What can we do from WA State?
"Disappointed".  WTAF IS WRONG WITH YOU?  Get back to work! You're FAILING!
Disappointed? I'll refrain from thanking you for that pathetically weak statement. You must be joking. This is why Democrats fail.
Passing it will also kill the GOP. That I care little about. For The families and children that will lose care- I care #ICAREABOUTHEALTHCARE
These folks have no heart!!!!
Say angry.  Be strong
Hey, try enraged! And then make some calls to your fellow Senators! #GOP #Savehealthcare
It's outrageous! Such a disappointment.
Don't usually agree with you Patricia but then again I've pretty much lost any faith in our government to actually do something.
Maybe if there was an Amendment added that would take away their health insurance they would change their minds.
ONE SIDE, won’t work that way, in order to fix it with our current healthcare act, it’s have to be bipartisan party means both side.
It’s pretty selfish and ridiculous.
Me too. Fight on please.

Odd you didn't object to @SenSanders @KamalaHarris and others about introducing partisan single payer healthcare system.
Disappointed is an understatement.. disgusted!
Because @TheDemocrats are all about bipartisanship right?  Try having some integrity if gonna post the rhetoric - hypocrite
You are disappointed.  I'm angry.
So much for bipartisanship....disappointed????  You better wake up to the REAL World Patty!
Please don't let that happen!
Jam it back into their anal sphincters!!
It's deeper than that. This is what the have dreamed of. Quit paying for those slackers old/sick/poor #RepealRepublicans
They want to throw people off HC, guess that is WWJD?
Thank you for trying. McConnell must have leaned hard on Alexander & others. Such a shame they want revenge more than healthcare for 
Please keep trying!
Please keep fighting.
Thank you and @SenAlexander for your hard work. Keep fighting the good fight. 

—Your constituent
RINO
@SenatorCantwell I am disappointed that neither one of you is supporting a plan for Medicare for all. @BernieSanders @RepJayapal
"Disappointed" is WAY too nice.
Save us, Madame Tennis Shoes!  ~Snohomish
Great! MAGA!
Furious would be better than disappointed.
Please do not take away my healthcare!
Will call your office tomorrow to voice my displeasure about new healthcare bill put together by a bunch of old white guys. Alright already!
Not disappointed. Outraged. Furious. You should be shouting from the rooftops. Be visibly angry. Help us.
TOO BAD DEMOCRATS R ALL WEAK PUSSIES! 
REMEMBER LAST 8 YEARS! GO FULL MCCONNELL ON OPPOSITION EVERY DAY! 
OR PLAN TO RETIRE SOON! 
WAKE UP!
This latest version is the electoral college of healthcare. Weighting the value of red-state citizens at more value than blue. #Shameful
Well let's see the #medicareforall bill. I don't think it exists.
As a constituent, I appreciate all you are doing to try to protect our health care.
It is horrendous. AND thank you for continuing to fight for our access to healthcare. Our lives depend on your work - thank you!!
As tax payer who's paying UR salary,.instead of complaing DID U PUBLICLY OFFERED UR ASSISTANCE 2WORK WITH POTUS? Put us 1st &politics aside?
Disappointed yes!  But surprised?  Not one bit!
Disappointed but not surprised. We know you & @SenatorCantwell will fight hard to #ProtectOurCare. Will @SenatorCollins  + @lisamurkowski ?
Congress R elected& paid2serve us regardless of political differences. They desrve repremand4 wasting valuable time resisting U on our dime.
Senator, when will u stop complaining? Start doing ur job serving citizens & placing them 1st &politics aside.Go &work with GOP& POTUS.Can U
Congress must not be exempt from ACA or other laws.They serve& work 4us.They don' live above us &must bide by the very laws they legislate.
If U want2 fix health care. Here is an idea 4u. Senators & Congressmen must not have better health care quality than average American Can
Dems& GOP both R stupid& foolish. Back 2009, Dems didn't outreach2 GOP&  Pelosi said "Pass it & then Read it". We citizen R paying the price
You really should learn more "D" words...disappointed, disaster, dangerous is all you talk about. Why aren't you determined to fix it, hum?
vote it in....
#Shame
ACA was as partisan as Nazi Germany's single party system.
The question is whether avg American will survive Rs & this presidency. No health care for millions? No willingness to work with dem's? Sad!
And I'm disappointed that you've chosen to side with your corporate donors over the 522,000 uninsured people in Washington.
Its shameful and unconsionable and they will pay at ballot box. We wont forget
So am I, my family will be hit hard by a flimsy bill. What happened to the America I knew.
I am disappointed too
Only disappointed? Do better.
So true! I'm watching!
Send to every @GOP colleague please?
If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 

Keep fighting Patty!!
We are, too. Thank you for all your hard work. Stand firm. We're with you
Vote no
Disappointed? I'm enraged!
Shamefu! They don't care! It's never been abt America first!
The GOP doesn't care about bipartisanship. After the past 8 years, this should not be surprising.
Thank you, Senator for all you do. I am disgusted with the GOP. They are beyond despicable.
Disappointed but sadly, not surprised. Thank you Senator
to theRepublicanPartyPoliticians TheAmericanPeopleIncludingTheir SupportersVOTERS, are AcceptableCasualtiesOnly UnWorthyOfAnyConsideration!
Don't be disappointed be outraged. live in senator Alexander's back pocket until he votes no.
Would you PLEASE run for President?
Proud you're my Senator.
They been trying to sneak through the back door since they were kids. Don't let this happen.
You have nobody to blame but yourselves, you have refused to negotiate healthcare in good faith from day ONE.
lol remember when Democrats jammed the ACA through...
Why are you supporting single payer? Are you bought by insurance and drug companies
No. Reeeeallly. Ya mean like demokkkrats did with obummer care?  Can I have my vote back. You're awful.
Ya stop em from doing that, but saying bi-partisan is funny since neither party Carries the opinion of the ppl. Medicare 4 all!
Sound just like the Obama Dem's, yes?
Thank you for trying. They are cruel, don't give a damn about anyone but their $$. Disgusting.
I'm disappointed my senator is fighting to keep corporate profits for her donors instead of #medicareforalll  your a no vote #soldoutsenator
Disappointed? There is that word again. Time for Dems to start electing people who will be something more than disappointed.
I bet you are! 
Disappointed, @PattyMurray?? How about OUTRAGED! This is standard operating procedure for the GOP since January. Be tough! Get angry!
Disappointed? Ok. But there should be absolutely no surprise.
Yo, solution? Support the Medicare for All Bill. Thanks, a Washingtonian
Your @SenateGOP colleagues are really dreadful.
Please help kill this bill
They aren't leaders, please drop the facade of respect they clearly do not deserve. They aren't your colleagues or friends either.
.@GOP Congress sabotaging 1/6 of US economy by obstructing Ins Mkts, Not Funding CSRs & implementing #CassidyGraham #Repeal 4 #TaxCuts4Rich
@GOP @SenateGOP shameful disrespectful of process, of constituents, of ethics, of your own promises. Shame! @maddow @Lawrence @FoxNews
Believe me when I say we're all disappointed.
Whiner
GOP can't be trusted, just like it's leader tRump
Wonder where they got that idea. #Obamacare
I’m so glad you are my Senator.
I'm disappointed we are trillions in debt. Return your salary until you have a plan in place to reduce the debt.
Well, most of us are and will be devastated. DO SOMETHING!
Seriously, disappointed? That is a lame sentiment.
Disappointed but not surprised.
Now who do we complain to- this is disgusting and time we Democrats learn the cheating morality that keeps them in control. U represent us!
