you're my representative.  Please represent me also.  You wanted quick confirmations for Obama, the Reps should have the same.
he may not have asked, but that's not the point. Point is that Reps didn't hold up his appointments.
Not what Schumer indicated. Ethics reqs aren't optional.  But if they are satisfied, they should be confirmed
One has to wonder why the @GOP is so eager to prostrate themselves to Trump. Unleaked RNC emails, perhaps?
I hoped that the @GOP had a longer term plan than "pillage". Then what? The 1% ark? @PattyMurray @politico
kinda like when #Obamacare was crammed down our throats? 
Not to mention it was rammed through at 11th hour without single (R) vote, to avoid filibuster
I don't disgree with that, but both parties need to be held to the same standard.
we didn't need it before?
what's the progress?? No hearings without ethics check!!
Please FULLY VET Trump's nominees
they bring unprecedented #conflictsofinterest  / lack of experience & anti-agency goals
says the party that created #Obamacare in secret.
Ahhh, the sweet sound of melting #Snowflakes. #getoutoftheway #MAGA
Well aren't you a bowl full of sunshine!  You just keep on living in blissful ignorance of the truth! #MAGA
"Don't watch what we're doing here"? You should be very used to that, especially last 8 years and that ACA. #GetOutOfTheWay
Paint a big picture with a big brush there. Keep an eye on them, unlike w/Obama's 10 Trillion. Feel like Magoo.
You mean like you have to pass OBAMACARE to see what's in it keep your doctor plan won't change or go up lies
Announce u will not attend Trump inauguration.  Give Trump (the Birther) the same recognition of legitimacy he gave to Obama.
Please vote against Sessions. Unqualified, dangerous.
@PrincessBravato @politico STAY STRONG AND DON'T LET THEM PUSH PUTIN'S AGENDA
don't let them Patty!
Plz senator demand the vetting, clearance! @PrincessBravato @politico
do your job. That is what you were voted to do ! Help president TRUMP #MAGA
Kinda like Obama care? We will have to wait and see the cabinet to know what's in it. It cannot possibly be worse then O-care
@PrincessBravato @politico Just vote NO for all nominees across the board!
so what are our Democrats doing to STOP this?!!!  Republicans don't care about legality, optics, rules.  They just do!
I hope you make them accountable
I will be calling 1st thing in the morning to ask that you do absolutely everything you can to oppose hearings w/o cert. TY!
Thanks for standing up against this!
What are you doing to address this?
you can help by doing your job with no party interest. You should support President Trump , or anybody elected by the people .
yeah, 3 million questionable votes. Could be illegals votes, don't know. All came from heavily dem states.
fight Senator Murray we must not let them win. This is a nightmare!
You must divide and conquer
thank you, Senator Murray, for fighting for us! Keep up the good work.
keep holding feet to fire, Senator Murray
sounds like the passing if the ACA.
stall
Oh, but we are watching! We know exactly what is going on.
given very serious concerns re:Russian attacks/hacking, Comey's violation why didn't 1 Senator join to challenge EC cert?
you mean like, we have to pass it to know what's in it"?  Try not to be such a hypocrite.
Patty why did no Dem Senator challenge the electoral vote?
Divide and conquer, use social media to be everywherr.
Don't fall for their false flattery.  They have Kleptocracy written all over their applications.
do what you can to slow Rs down!
Thanks for all you do, Patty. Don't let Trump and republicans push these questionable nominees through the hearing process.
no informed citizen is surprised by trump's horrible cab picks.thanks patty for keeping an eye on these guys!
Hold strong.  Challenge all nominees.  Make them follow the rules to protect us & make sure they are suitable appointees.
@Braveswyn @politico Stand firm about the Ethic RULES
that's funny Harry Reid!
What can te Dems do?
We're counting on you to be one of those standing up to Trump's harmful agenda. We're proud to have you represent Washington.
like she blindly followedBHO?
Keep up the pressure and let us know what we can do to support you efforts to expose GOP closed door governing.
@lucydog93 @politico Please don't let the @GOP railroad these nominees through. Each must be thoroughly scrutinized for COI.
You did not back up House members on the illegal electoral votes so SCREW YOU!!!
#hypocrite
This must not happen. If I didn't complete application or submit required information, I'd NEVER get an interview!
B.S. YOU PARTY HACK
Plan well.
Her power is nothing.
Stay strong Patty Murray!
we are watching the whole train wreck unfortunately.
This is normal for DC... that way citizen joe only knows about the Russians &Saudis instead of dirty tricks (saunders-paul)
.@PattyMurray Yes, and what is the action plan? Any legal or other recourse?
Do as I say, not as I do. Dems must do more than point out and ethically discuss. GOP is playing dirty and unethical
hope you are saying this out loud very loudly no time to be nice
The Russian party; I mean Republicans want to push threw Putin lovers and White supremacists  Молодцы товарищи
*through
just go ahead an nominate, good people.

Each nominee must be fully vetted. Pls push for complete data, and more reasonable schedule. Thx for standing strong
I would like to know your plan for handling nominations and who you support or not. This is important to me as your voter.
Weren't 10 of Obama's picks approved in the 1st week?
Stay sharp Patty!  We need you to fight.
Yes! Please start paying attention!! Act against Trump. Start gathering information to impeach him. Block nominations!!
My dear Patricia, do you not recognize the hypocrisy of your statement? Your standards shift dependent on party?
I would like to understand why you did not object.  I thought we might be able to count on you.
And, what are you going to do about these cabinet nominees?
Is there NO way to make confirmations wait for background checks? There are no checks for this?
You are ON POINT on this Senator! I wish we had 50 more with your commitment and clear vision. Keep working for us!
Why did you not object to EC Vote Certification? #WeWillNotForget #TheResistance
