We are on ACA but still can't get treatment for 2 children w/aspergers or take our prescriptions as deductible is THOUSANDS per person. wth?
You and your scare tactics are humorous after 7 years of Obamacare get real!!! #TERMLIMTES
Talking to your Republican friends yet???
Repubbie oligarchs r really busy creating >poor people 
Bull. I pay 40,000.00 per year for BC/BS. Be happy to have insurance co. send copy of bill directly to you.
I DO NOT support tax cuts to the rich but neither do I support providing free HC to millions of immigrants & refugees we never wanted in US!
Can you be a bit more specific and not just spread your progressive fear
I wish a few more rich people would chime in with "I could do without a tax cut, considering that the amount would make 0 difference to me."
Because it does... But don't let economics teach you anything
OK! Do you live in Kansas?
He'll no, Texas. Washington born and raised though
My sympathies about Texas.

PS You could use a proofreader.
Nope, no need. Texas is free, free from tyranny
And spelling and punctuation, apparently.
Apparently your English lessons didn't pay off. Nice yet, keep trying though
Yep.. and you are one of the rich so I guess you get a tax cut at your constituents expense. I wonder how much you have cost the poor...
Why must you  continue to spread lies? Trumpcare does NOT CUT MEDICAID! Time to fess up to your lie!
The ACA saves my son! Guarantees coverage and eliminates lifetime caps! No repeal! No going back! Thank you, Senator!
Just trying to make sure my child has continued access to his care.
the age of 26, giving him ample time to study and become an asset our society.  These were all changes brought about by the ACA.
Does this mean you're going to support @BernieSanders' #MedicareForAll / #SinglePayer when introduced?
Agreed. We need to #Primary both @PattyMurray and @@MariaCantwell!
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #FeelTheBern #StillSanders #NotMeUs
We need government to manage the books. Save 20% insurance co. overhead! Business out of insurance!
Heard of Medicare? 2% overhead. Heard of BlueCross? 30% overhead. Nuff said.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Patty, you have this all wrong. (1) TRUMPCARE does NOT cut Medicaid! (2) the money saved is not going to the rich! READ THE BILL!
Doom and Gloom doesn't work anymore. The sky isn't falling
This brings a question to mind that needs the real attention & soon. Why are almost half of our children in Washington under Medicaid?
You keep fighting, Patty. The Republican bills passed by House and Senate are abominations.
Scare tactic
like the rich like you. you are political fear mongering. shame on you. you are a good reason for term limits.
Newsflash:  The rich are the ones paying the taxes.  If there are any tax cuts it will be for the ones paying taxes.
You mean so their parents can have jobs instead of leaching off the govt? Hmm
Give it a rest, Patty.
Senator, you make these wild claims with no verification and frequently they are not true.  You are ruining your credibility for no reason.
Thank you Patty Murray!  You're  great!!!
@SenateDems #DemsResist quit saying save  don't use #ACA because you're to good for it! Stop saying you know what is good For America #GOP
Not cuts - control of future costs!  Democrats are lying again
NEW POLL : Dems Are Significantly Divided, Out of Touch With The Rest of the Nation http://truthfeed.com/new-poll-dems-are-significantly-divided-out-of-touch-with-the-rest-of-the-nation/87576/ … via @@truthfeednews
Hopefully 1s voted 4 him feel his MAGA pains-God said trust Him only & they trusted @realDonaldTrump piece of flesh!
I would like to see a link to that data for review. Oh, that's right there isn't any such data.

WA state supports terrorists and terrorism..no more money for you!
Can we call it #RepubliCARE instead?  Republicans need to be labeled with it. Trump doesn't care what his name is associated with.
Sounds good. Blame all the "kids" who bail because they don't want to pay for insurance they don't think they need, not the Rs. Loon, liar.
Welfare care seems to be your medical plan, yes
Don't let him and the Senate majority leader.
Rip rip away
You have money enough to cover them
#ThankYou @PattyMurray for shining a light on a fundamental flaw of #Trumpcare--harming kids' lives to pad the bank accounts of the wealthy.
You mean giving kids parents jobs so they can afford to buy HC that's right for them? Damn, shocker
Miss him don't you Patty
That's a lie Patty.
Sure it does u igmo?!!
GOP'ers don't care, they want their tax money back.  Their kids will not die due to lack of health care.  Kick the crooks out of our gov!
Why are you not doing town halls? @SenatorCantwell & @RepJayapal are. You only show up when you want votes or money. #doyourjob #resist

@SenateDems
As a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing ,why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with POTUS .PUT US FIRST & PUT POLITICS ASIDE.
Thank you for your hard work fighting for us and our rights so very proud of you
Giving tax breaks to the rich? Do you mean rich congressmen like you?
Why are tax cuts or any other non healthcare issues even on the AHCA? Comingling issues is unfair & another con to push GOP issues.
Thank you for looking out for us who are not so fortunate Senator
And for the rest of the US. C'mon - fight for ALL of us!
So sad
False news  honesty is essential when elected to serve. 
Not all to give tax cuts to the rich. The other part of the Trump and GOP Don't Care Act  is to kill off the poor and vulnerable.
https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/881890334782898177 …
U all can resign. O'Care (ACA) alrdy left us without it. U all r bunch of jerks who can care less about Americans. U r only out 4 urselves
Thank you for staying vigilant in your oposition to this shameful bill.

Obama care + Corporate tax increases + Gov. regulations = loss of jobs. It is a pretty simple concept unless you believe in Socialism.
A Trump campaign promise. Repeal and Replace.If a tax cut to the rich means job creation then so be it what ever it takes.
You disgrace the honor of senator, you lie about hurting people with cuts when you know there are no cuts, just slowing rate of growth.
Your lying Patty. Those cuts will no take effect for many years. And it has nothing to do with giving the wealthy tax cuts.
Your party uses that scam all the time time. You all say the same thing because you all use the same tactical manual. Rules 4 Radicals
11. "If you push a negative hard and deep enough, it will break through into its counter side every positive has its negative." Saul Alinski
Keep up the hard work - very proud of you
Please continue to be willing to filibuster by amendment any bill to repeal the ACA! Thanks 98513
Right. U folks actually believe this legislation is about ripping coverage from kids to give to the rich? Wanna buy a bridge?
Your a no nothing worthless leftwinger.  Health care is a privilege not a right! Not paying for someone else, get over it!!!
That is not true they would still get their Medicaid take it easy now do something to help instead of just whine about it
