Comey's firing underscores the need for a special prosecutor to examine the Trump campaign’s ties to Russia. The public deserves the truth.
How is there not a single Republican in Congress – not one! – who will take a real stand against this president?
Trump "claims" Comey told him he's not being investigated, but the FBI is investigating the Trump campaign for Russian collusion
Who also said there was no there there
Besides, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that Trump and campaign are weirdly aligned with Russia and Putin.  Wake up.
And millions like me.  How could any reasonable person dislike Obama, but like Trump?
#Comey was your man and didn’t find anything in 4 months. Stop the altruism and stop watching #FakeNews
He also just fired the man covering up for the democrats and Hillary
Remember you liberals  didnwant attorney general Sessions involved in  Russian investigation & Rosenstein has only confirmed 1 month
He just fired the man who stole the election from Hillary
What can we do to hold these people accountable for their actions? This collusion and corruption needs to be investigated. Acting guilty 
Sooooo. What do we do now?
Hold large, peaceful gatherings in urban centers on Saturdays calling for truth and justice.  It worked for #SouthKorea...
FACT: not a scintilla of evidence to date.If there were, if it didn't come out in hearing, would have been leaked. Dem / media histrionics.
Uh-huh - the same guy that Hillary blamed for her loss. Time to unify, Senator.
No he didn't, he fired the incompetent head of the FBI. No investigation is stopped because of that and you know it. Stop lying, pandering.
I cannot believe Americans are being addressed BY THE RUSSIANS FROM THE WHITEHOUSE!!!
Sen. Murray. Please push for an independent prosecutor. Trump needs to go!
Agreed. What will you being doing to get a special prosecutor in place?
Pls insist on independent investigation! We are counting on you!
Can we really not get an independent investigation? How deep does all this #darkmoney go?
...and the next day he met with Russia's Lavrov... How long will this charade be allowed to continue? What country do we live in?
Hey genius? How many intel agencies do u need to tell u there is no evidence of collusion?
If such evidence existed, they can't talk about it publicly yet due to ongoing investigations.  Justice will be served in end.
Comey as next special prosecutor to probe Russian ties.
I deeply care and have the greatest respect for our U.S. Constitution. The president doesn't. He is only looking out for himself monetarily.
Honorable Senator, isn't it past the time to act? Impeachment would be a start, along with appointing a special prosecutor.
And the head of the investigation into HRC's treason.
Independent Prosecutor and commission is needed for the sake of  democracy.
Time for an independent special prosecutor...NOW!!!

Was it OK when WJC did it? Why'd u vote against lower drug costs? U picked HRC who lost to Trump. This is ur fault.

https://counterpropa.com/7-jaw-dropping-revelations-hearings-motion-dismiss-dnc-fraud-lawsuit/ …
fuck allah
Go away Lyin' Patty. This is long overdue. Where is your call for the investigation of Hillary? Rice? You are exposed as a partisan hack.
Special investigation NOW. What are we waiting for? #impeachTrumpnow
Yes, Donald called Vladimir for advice. Vladimir suggested polonium in Comey's tuna melt but Donald decided firing would be less trouble
Agreed! Please take drastic measures to be heard. I know you're outnumbered but you have to fight for us.
Every Democrat needs to demand a special investigator be appointed to get to the truth. Demand.
Time for an independent special investigator!
Please push to begin impeachment proceedings immediately.
Does any of this surprise you any more?
Liar, liar pants on fire, pathetic sore a55 losers
.@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell @davereichert       Independent Investigation. NOW.
the investigation cannot be stopped.  you are a good reason for term limits.  you have been on the gov. gravy train too long.
She's not trying to stop the investigation, she's supporting it. And as someone who has voted for her repeatedly, I support her now.
.@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell @davereichert Looks like it's up to Congress to keep him and his family in check. Balance the power.
Good grief...it gets more despicable by the moment. We need you there.
Comey needed to be fired when he failed to do his job with Clinton/Obama
And who was calling for him to be fired in early Nov? Oh the Dems were!!
But no...wait until he turns and begins to investigate your guy's ties to Russia before you let him go.
Would this be a great time to request that you do your all to get Americans an #independentinvestigation?
get it straight in the halls of congress - this is a coup and a power grab HE MUST BE STOPPED NOW
What does that tell you, If Comey has something on Trump he wouldn't be fired. He's testifying for Sen tomorrow he can tell all he knows.
Comey certainly deserves scrutiny re:his handling/impact on the election
IG review is the appropriate mechanism for that
#SpecialProsecutor
Werent u screeching fire comey when he wrote the second letter about hrc emails u are a complete twit or ur really stupid intern
She's been Senator for 25 years, PE teacher turned into elitist snob. #LipstickPig
Between that, Russia, the money dealings and obvious nepotism, where are the articles of impeachment, ma'am?
Please start Impeachment on this sociopath!  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation  #TrumpLied #SessionsLiedUnderOath
What can be done now? Are there enough Senate Republicans willing to put their #CountryBeforeParty?
Patty,  if it looks like a pig,  and oinks like a pig...it's an orange pig!  Now get a few in DC to make bacon out of that pig!
except the unit investigating trump is compartmented and won't stop.. will just make them dig faster, harder and deeper.  Nixon tried too.
This cannot stand, Patty.
#protectcomeyfiles
Impeach him.
Hello
#Hypocrates
Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is news?
This cannot be tolerated. We need an independent prosecutor. The gloves are off!
INDEPENDENT Prosecuter please.
No evidence of collusion. Patty, be more productive for your constituents. Stop wasting our time and money.
Trump must be removed today. He is interfering with HIS investigation. In the meantime, he is ending our democracy. Get him out. Arrest him.
INTOLERABLE.
Should have been fired on day one of The Trump Presidency. This is the man who would not recommend prosecution of HRC. @FoxNews
I wonder why everyone sees the cover up , please leak all info comey
P. Clinton fired FBI dir 4 ethical reasons; C wasNOT under invest, nor anyone in his admin The same Dir was under invest. during Bush's term
The firing of Comey at the end of his investigation into Trump's ties with Russia, has only happened 1 time in our history, Nixon=Watergate.

You can't make this stuff up... https://twitter.com/larryelder/status/862130451225366528 …
Keep in mind Sessions may have suggested it, but he does not hold the power to fire; & Sessions perjured himself about his ties to Russia!
Read the reason he gave or the associate AG gave… Doesn't mention Russia at all. In sum, it was they felt unethical how he treated Hillary.
How does Sessions recommend this when he was supposed to have recused himself from the Russian investigation?
They're Questioning about Sessions involvement on the news now.
So, can we stop pretending it will get better and start Impeachment proceedings now? We're waiting!
Good luck with that.
President Trump just fired the man who has failed to launch an investigation into who leaked classified gov. info to the press, a crime.
.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump is a disgrace to the nation and he is destroying our democracy! #impeachTrumpnow #SpecialProsecutor
thats his right first off, 6 months you hated comey for his actions on hillary, now you love him which is it? cant have it both ways
He should have been fired for not arresting Hillary
Comey found no criminal action by HRC. And Congress convened I believe 7 committees to look into her, they couldn't find criminal action.
Comey deserved to be fired.  Timing belies motives.  Congress must appoint a special investigation.  Find consensus to get accomplished.
IMPEACH!!!
Chill with the propaganda. Let's nail Susan Rice, #CrookedHillary #BarackObama #Unmasking #MAGA #pjnet
If #comey were really investigating Russian ties the investigation would have been resolved one way or another. He was useless.  #FBI
He is UNHINGED, inept and GUILTY #ImpeachTrump
There r no ties 2 Russia u liar!!!! Trump wouldve won without Russia's help.
I know it's hard hon, but the time has come to admit Trump is a con and in collusion with Russia.
No evidence of Trump having ties 2 Russia Lügenpresse is obsessed with a lie
Subpoenas were issued just hours before the firing. Evidence is coming.  Now they are requesting
I hope this charges bipartisan efforts towards an investigation. I'm tired of left vs. right. Let's just get down to the truth.
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
We are counting on you to make sure D.C. Knows that WE THE PEOPLE will not allow the Trump family to ruin our country! #TrumpRussia #comey
No. But you was willing to let the Clinton family do it
And the #corruptGOP will stand by and allow the demise of our democracy just to preserve their party. #GOPOTUS #trumprussia
How he investigating Trump & not Hillary & the rest of the Get Fresh Crew- Hillary & Podesta had more ties & doing shady stuff- INCREDIBLE
Do everything you can to take this mofo down, Patty!
LOL
That'll surely help to cull suspicion...
What the Hell is going on ! Trump is such a CONMAN and GUILTY !!
Senator, you just can't make this stuff up, can you ma'am.
Of course he did...
