Blowing up the rules for Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch is a dangerous path to go down. This is a sad day for the Senate. –PM
If you can't win, change the rules... right? Sounds like cheating to me.
Where were the snowflake tears when Harry Reid did the very same thing??? Thank you Mr. Reid for showing us the way... to get our way. #MAGA
November, 2018....REMEMBER this!
Trump won 10 states currently held by Democrats. Going to be a bloodbath. Republicans will hold 60 seats. Can't wait for 2018!!! #MAGA 
Lowest POTUS approval since... Civil War?
But do continue. Your adolescent delusional hope has it's own cockeyed charm.
#SlouchingToImpeach
Let's remember this when Dems use the same rule to bypass a GOP minority.
They already did!  That's the whole point. Dems went nuclear in November 2013! What? NOW it's not fair? Please.
America changes the rules to suit the pleasure of the ruling class
Where were the snowflake tears when Harry Reid did the very same thing??? Thank you Mr. Reid for showing us the way... to get our way. #MAGA
Where were the snowflake tears when Harry Reid did the very same thing??? Thank you Mr. Reid for showing us the way... to get our way. #MAGA

Heading to her "Safe Space" #MAGA 
McConnell "If Reid changes the rules to kill the filibuster, "Killed the Senate" will be on his tombstone"
Where were the snowflake tears when Harry Reid did the very same thing??? Thank you Mr. Reid for showing us the way... to get our way. #MAGA
Mmm... Copy/paste/repeat
Hello abuse of power & he'll be first to cry foul when Democrats use the option when power shifts. He's massive hypocrite
Actually democrats are the hypocrites for complaining as they deployed the nuclear option in November 2013.... #FactCheck
Here read this thread....
GOP is flatly lying when they claim eliminating the filibuster for Gorsuch is a precedent Harry Reid set in 2013. #NoNuclearOption
I understand argument however considering the hostility dems have shown this president,it's clear that every nom will meet same resistance.
except for... wait for it... Merrick Garland
Touché 
Typical hypocrite Dem, your party did the same thing, TWICE, but it's ok when Dems do it right you dolt?
very disappointing to say the least...terrifying for women's rights  gee back to the past
So now that you're the minority things you did as the majority is unfair to do? Can you say hypocrite? #JusticeGorsuch
Change your syntax.  You are starting to sound like Trump the great American fraud.
Thank you and @SenatorCantwell for fighting the good fight. Let's all eat a pint of ice cream and allow ourselves to mope for a couple days
THEN COME BACK STRONGER AND WITH A PLAN TO FIGHT THEM EVERY DAMNED INCH!!!
GOP declared war on our democracy! We the people Object to unfit nominee being bullied through to SCJOTUS! Lifetime of injustic
It's shameful to support the first partisan filibuster of qualified SCOTUS nominee ever. You don't seek what is fair, nor common values.
Let's see...okay for Harry Reid to do it but now you've actually got the COLOSSAL CHUTZPAH to be "SAD" that Republicans follow your example?
Absolutely outrageous!! Devastating to think republicans think so little of this country 
Democrats changed the rules for lower court you should be ashamed of yourself. Stop being 2-faced and grow up woman.
You out there Patty, I hope Your constituents vote you out in your next go around with all your crones friends in office!! GOODBYE!!!
C'mon! Very disappointing of you not to play in the sandbox Reid built & Dems filled.
Poor democrats you used it first.  Too bad huh. All depends on is the   ruling party. Now grow up.
Thank you Sen Murray for standing up for us! @MitchMcConnell- you deny vote on Obama's nominee,then change the rules for Trumps? Hypocrite!
The only disappointment is you Miss Murray that your so against are Constitution and are Fore Fathers
perhaps you and your political opponents can begin to work together.  This endless cycle of partisan obstructionism needs to cease.
Vote to confirm, be honest, not bought and paid for! No longer a Mom in tennis shoes, just own by special interest.
We need 2018 @GOP extinction event!
Filibuster should not have been done
This is such an egregious act by mcconnell! The republicans refuse to follow the rules. They make them up as they go. They aren't listening.
Just following the democrats example from November 2013. #FactCheck
What is so bad about it now. @SenatorReid & @SenSchumer did same thing in October 2016.
Republicans don't play by the rules, any rule for that matter
But it was ok when Harry Reid did it in 2013? Lol
Get Dems in WA motivated All elected positions have a shelf life 32 years is too long for this guy's twisted power hunger #OustMcConnell
#CheetoVonTweeto conveniently #SyriaStrikes 2 distract #SCOTUS #NuclearOption and #russiagate. @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
The Dems must stay united,which is usually true. But 3 did give  Gorsuch their nod! No respect from me in this VIP vote 4 SC!
You make me sick that you represent us in Washington!! Good thing you live on the other side!!
I don't see the tweet you did when Harry Reid did the same thing.  Your hypocrisy is showing.  Again.  You are so lame.
#dayofreckoning 2018 and 2020. American voters will have their say and the party of fools will be out.
So you're saying your memory can't go back to 2013, good to know. #resign
It's shameful that u overuse the word shameful in ur tweets. Buy a thesaurus.
law and Order is making a comeback!
Were you expecting they would nominate a liberal #SCOTUS candidate? #obstructionist #immature #NotALeader #Ideologue
I'm sure you were stunned.
#HeyPatty
When are you going to #Payback the #BribeMoney you took from #HealthCare? Surely you want #CleanHands?
#Hypocrisy
#CorruptCongress
#bullshit #pissyPussy
#TruthHurts
I had ALWAYS supported #HeyPatty until I realized she was selling us out alongside the #GOP!
You know one word
#BS
So clever.
Agree
Here's your buddy
You mean the same one Democrats used when Obama was in office? Or do we have double standards here?
There is a very special place in hell for people like McConnell.
Sad day indeed. Our only recourse will be in 2018 and 2020 to vote republicans out of office. Rs  HC for women, children, old & poor.
And why is it any more "shameful" than Harry Reid's history rule change in 2013? The Democrats pushed the issue. Get over it! #MAGA
Can't get over the arrogance and shortsightedness. With you. In solidarity from Shelton, WA
Majority rules, MINORITY RIGHTS. Basic principle of republican form of government.
Sue him.
AKA Dirty Harry Reid option. It works both ways but only one of them feels good.
Watched your questions during cabinet hearings for confirmation and am so very glad you DO NOT represent ME. Retire please!
The dems changed the rules.  What's disappointing is how the dems lie and act like children.  Grow up!
Despicable! Losing hope...
Everything else he has done in his career and THIS will be his legacy. Shame on Mr. McConnell.
Out he'll go!
Wait. Didn't Harry Reid start all this by doing the same thing in 2013?
Of course you had NO shame when Harry Reid did it. OH, that's "different." No double standard there, eh?
but it sure was Ok! For Harry Reed to use it when Obama wanted his judges. Dems are such Hippocrates.
Deplorable!  60 votes are not there - not 60 not SCOTUS!
@SenateDems tit for tat politics are childish and stupid. Fix it in 2018
and still you mouth the words of Schumer. Don't you have a mind of your own. You are part of this problem!
I think this option was approved under the Obuma administration 
This is the only option you Democrat left on the table SHAME ON YOU #TERMLIMTES
We, American voters, will remember and when election time comes, REPEAL & REPLACE GOP! McConnell will be gone!
We're you disappointed when Harry Reid elim 60 vote for federal judges? No you supported him so you have no right to criticize. Maj. Ldr.
We will regroup and vote them out.  The villagers are in the street with their pitch forks. These monsters must go.  Stay on Russia...
You must make it 100% clear that any .@SenateDems who vote to confirm Gorsuch will be immediately expelled from the Democratic Party.
Thanks to you and your democrat buddies obstructionism and extremism.  You always play politics instead of doing what is best for country
@SenateMajLdr Then he ran out of town like the coward he is.  I doubt he is heading for an open and honest town hall.
Typical Republican party  change the rules to make what they want happen. The most corrupt party ever.
thanks for standing strong against Gorsuch. As a Washingtonian, I support you entirely and you continue to have my vote.
He should have been voted out along time ago. Icky person !
Yes! McConnell finally showed some nerve! I love it! Thanks for the update!
Disappointing, but I think we all knew it was going to happen.
You had to know this was coming. Different strategy might have changed this.
If you voted for him it would not have been a issue. Remember Patty doing the wrong thing does not count as doing something. Be productive
Patty the dems created the nuke option shame on the dems. Sucks to be on the other side heh patty
You did it-now own it!!!
#StopGorsuch #gopTerrorists
Judge Gorsuch is a fine Judge and will make an excellent Justice. Congratulations. I am grateful for such a good man that will uphold law.
THAT WAS INITIATED BY HARRY REID IN 2013.........
Trying to understand why OK to change rules  dem but shameful if GOP? Do you even hear yourself? You & other Dems ARE very disappointing.
And who used the same tactic in 2013? Hypocrite much?
Yeah, but he says he loves you & has promised that the beatings will stop.
For God's sake don't read up on codependency. Too painful for u.
You did it as democrats in past and now you do what was done then and don't expect this action? Then you must be crazy to think different!
With Gorsuch there, GOP legislators will have free rein to enact the most egregious voter suppression and gerrymandering ever seen.
And by voter suppression, you mean you have to be a citizen to vote...
Standing with you! #NuclearOption  is TERRIBLE  GOP is party over country #StopGorsuch
Earmuffs, kids. Seriously, fuck that guy. At least it shows how much they want a one party system. Thanks for fighting, though.
As @PattyMurray said, "If you can’t get 60 votes for a #SCOTUS nominee, you don’t need to change the rules. You need to change the nominee."
So much BS.   McConnell is no Leader... He is the waterboy for the shadow government.
The Rs only care about power. Hear the flies buzzing around the Lord of the Flies, aka @realDonaldTrump. @POTUS dances to the flies' tune.
Thanks Harry Reid....#KarmasAbitch
You #CouldHaveHadBernie if you & the rest of the #Superdelegates had #DoneTheRightThing.

Stand with people, not the damn banks.
was it just like in 2013 when Harry Reid did it? Was it deja vu?
They are desperate to give Trump a "win" at all costs.  Pathetic!
I find it unfortunate that both Rep/Dems are acting like children.  I'm disappointed too!  And I'm a democrat.
Organize a Democratic boycott of tomorrow's confirmation vote. 55-0 will send a more powerful message than 55-45.

@emilyslist And there is nothing you ca do? NOTHING??
he is not a senator with honor, so why are you surprised?
Go talk to the repubs hand them a Pepsi tell them to vote no and tell your dem friends 2 enjoy the time they have left in the senate #resist
@305Pirate
 #turntheSenateblueintwo
you mean the same shameful rule changes that you had no problems with when Harry Reid  changed them. Hypocrite
You approved the same thing in Nov. 2013 for all nominees except those to the supreme court. You started it. They finished it.
Blow it up instead of any bipartisan work. That's McConnell!  I hope Kentucky has a good Democrat to replace him.
Thank you for opposing and fighting for the people of this country. We stand together and we'll continue the fight!
Thank you for standing against him, Senator.
@Nolisph
Come on. It's Mitch McConnell. What else were you expecting from the man who loudly, proudly refused to work w/Obama?
Because all dems are actively working with Trump.
We are counting on you to do what you can to resist this corruption of the Constitution and our country.
Dems need to stop being nice, passive and handy-holdy. It's partially why we are in this mess now - we were steamrolled by nasty, self-serv
They are going to go down. We will need you to fix then. Keep on!
https://newpittsburghcourieronline.com/2013/11/22/democrats-vote-to-curb-filibusters-on-appointees/ …  Just as shameful as when you did it?  Are you disappointed with yourself and your D colleagues?
so shameful your pal Harry Reid touted. Wonder if your hypocrisy and double standard keeps you warm. thanks for nothing. reap the whirlwind.
Thanks for your vote, Patty! My son Ian, who crawled up your first campaign office steps, says hi, just back from Japan
Too bad a POTUS was not picked by a simple majority.
Your entire party is dissapointing. 
a lifetime appt, Republicans are leaving their biased indelible mark of winning at any cost; party first, not unanimous
Reprehensible. They say they care about their constituents but they don't. We have their number, though. We aren't done yet.
At least the GOP gets things done.  The Dems are the party of NO, pathetic.  Do what's good for America.  Tantrums are childish.
Same rule the DEM's stacked the deck with in 2013! Enjoy your own rule Patty.
The approval ratings for all Congress will go down and voters will have their say next election.
Not only will I be voting out some reps of mine, I will be donating money to their opponents & canvassing.
Mitch McConnell has done more harm than good for the country. His constituents should vote him out.
You felt differently in 2013, Patty. You are a fraud as this video proves.
Thanks for standing firm, Senator Murray.
Thank you for fighting so hard for us. We will remember.
Very unfortunate leaders are acting like children,majority rules in a democracy.
McConnell is so unAmerican, it's sick. He's a horrible, narcissistic, self-serving, hypocritical ass. Congrats, GOP, you finally screwed us.
Hint: More power if Gorsuch is appointed re: gerrymandering
So are you in with the Cascadia movement or we all just gonna suffer from the Russians puppets.
The majority vote doesn't win elections and now the party not in power can do nothing without the filibuster. Democracy is officially dead.
Yep, just like Harry Reid invoked in 2013, how do you like it now??!!
If they need to #GoNuclear then #Gorsuch is the wrong choice
Disappointing is a bit bland. It's a travesty. It's horrible. The last bastion of American Politics is now just a fond memory.
#TheDayDemocarcyDied
The thing that's shameful and disappointing is you to smear this man for your agenda and politics. This is about the ppl of US & not u.
It wasn't shameful when Reid did it in 2013. Don't be a hypocrite. These are your rules we play by. We're fed up with your obstruction.
This why I have never voted Republican,and never will.
Reid put it there for him
