There are reports Republicans have the text of #Trumpcare. Something is written & almost ready. But Dems & patients don’t get to see it.
Republican leaders are treating #Trumpcare like President Trump’s tax returns—and not allowing it to see the light of day. #AmericaSpeaksOut
Republican leaders know the more people learn about what’s in #Trumpcare, the more they are going to rise up & fight back. #AmericaSpeaksOut
I hope people will keep fighting for democracy & what is right! What I'm witnessing in the  is horrifying.
THANK YOU for trying to protect us!!!
What you mean like the ever increasing rates of Obamacare that said we could keep our current plans yet canceled them and fines us for....
Not having health coverage that does not cover our preferred method of healing because we don't use large pharm drugs that you dems got.....
Paid off so traditional and homeopathic medicines and remedies are not covered?
I'm in Washington's 8th. Vote against reichert every freakin time. You'd better understand not even your seat is safe going forward
just like the democrats did. what was Pelosi line again?"YOU HAVE TO SIGN IT BEFORE YOU CAN READ WHAT'S IN IT!
Like the dems did? Hypocrites
You're a joke anymore.
Thank you for your efforts! Keep fighting!!
Oh you mean like what all you demorats did when you shoved the ACA down our throats.........KETTLE!
So far Democrats appear to have failed at every turn. Our only hope is that Trump implodes & takes the GOP with him.
#Republicans have no moral compass.
Obamacare is failing. People are already suffering from skyrocketing rates & cancelled plans.  YOU'RE letting THAT happen. #RepealAndReplace
I'm not quite sure what the GOP thinks will happen if it's passed and millions lose their insurance. Do they think we'll just let it go?
Because of the ACA, I went from paying $250/month with $3,500 deductible, to paying $467/month with a $6K deductible. Fair?
Because of the ACA my insurance payments went from annual increases of 10% to annual increases of .02%. Thank God.
Thank you @PattyMurray It is people like myself that will suffer is #Trumpcare goes through. Enlisted to serve my country - now suffer 4 it
You seem to be saying a lot about the bill for someone who hasn't seen it.
Thank you for fighting for our health care.
Counting on you all! We're with you 100%
While you do what, disgraceful
Thank you!
Thank you! Also, prescriptions are too expensive. Go Cougs!
What are you doing to stop it? Washington State voters want to know!
Thank you Senator Murray!!! As a WA citizen, I take great comfort in knowing that you and Senator Cantwell are there.We're depending on you.
You need to go into republican territory and spread a message of help and rescue. That's what the ppl need.
What is wrong you don't want to pass it before you can read it like Obama care how do you like it we voters don't like it
sounds like how obamacare was done.  you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians.
40,000 amendments
Patriots must fight 4 ACA Healthcare against Saboteurs .@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Congress. #TrumpCare - Tax Break 4 Rich must be DOA.
Saboteurs .@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Congress secretly jamming #TrumpCare - Tax Break 4 Rich thru Senate. Repealing ACA = MALFEASANCE.
Bwahahaha. You can read it after it passes. Sound familiar? What goes around, comes around!
Really?
You have no problem with the #DNC wanting to go into back rooms & choose the democratic nominee in secret.
Seems a bit hypocritical
#ShowUsTheBill

Stand strong Senator! We are behind you (The majority of sane Americans)!
You would know about the secret rooms, remember the ACA, that you neither wrote nor read? #YeahThatOne
Lyin' Patty, with the ACA you told us to wait until the doomed legislation passed,then read the bill to learn what's in it. No longer apply?
So you're unhappy about it happening before, but you're perfectly ok with letting it happen again because different people are doing it?
go look for them Patty and open doors closets etc
So you didn't like how obamacare was done either? You're just a hypocrite! Politician=liar
Keep fighting senator! Shut the senate down if you have to. This is unfair to the American people!
Backroom deals like the Cornhusker kickback or the Louisiana purchase?  Deals that cost you two Senate seats and the House.
Thank you, For caring about us.& speaking about this DeathBill that Trump wants to pass.
"We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."  Who said that!?
I wish I understood how this is even legal. What happened to deliberate legislative body that represents all Americans? Secret=oligarchy
Single payer,  Sen Murray.
Thank you for this show of strength in the interest of the American people to save our #ACA
Keep fighting for us @PattyMurray We are with you!
#EmbraceTheSuck
@GOP mindset: Healthcare is a privilege not a right. If U can't afford health insurance, U don't deserve healthcare!
Please don't let this happen
Thank you, Patty, for fighting for Washington State every day!
Stand and demand! En Masse!
Yet over 30 Demoncrats cut a secret deal with Russians. Don't forget about secretly passing Obamacare B's.
Yay! Good news. Healthcare law should not be done in budget reconciliation
Thank you!
HAHA! You're not going to stop it. WE decided in November. You lost. Get over it and get to work. #RepealObamacare. We want healthcare back.
Please be a voice for the Citizens and support Universal/Single payer as the ONLY option
I'm watching you live, Miss Patty. Thank you for putting up the good fight! You're a hero fighting for our lives!!! Thank you!! ♡
You just don't like it when someone else does that instead of you! Patty grow up
Thank you Patty. this New Englander - and many more of us stand with you.
I've emailed EVERYWHERE nobody is replying
This is certainly not American Democracy.
You Dems did that with Obama care!! What, you don't like it when the shoe is on the other foot??
Not true. There were 147 Republican amendments and hundreds of hearings. You're not telling the truth. Don't swallow the orange koolaid.
"We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."  Who said that!?
A regrettable soundbite doesn't negate the fact that what's happening is wrong. As already stated, there were many hearings & amendments.
And what about those that lost insurance or experienced massive premium increases under the ACA? Was that not wrong either?
I suspect you have no genuine interest in discussion. But the current system absolutely isn't perfect and needs overhaul - without sabotage.
Trumpster alert. Nothing to see there.
We are counting on you all, Senator.
I'm a fan of yours, Senator. Speak loud and long tonight on our behalf. #Trumpcare will hurt us.
Thank you.  Glad I voted for you.
