They would not have written this in secret, released only a draft, and then rushed a vote. Everything about this process is un american.
With all due respect Obstruction & Resisting IS UN AMERICAN.
Welp the founding fathers we're very unamerican then... Obstruction and resisting is arguebly the most American thing you can do.
Making my voice heard is a right of every American.
Because they like to do things in secret and push them through in silence.
You must have been absent during the debates on Obamacare. They were lots of them and they were open.
Neither party did what they needed to do. They need to start from scratch and go forward. They refuse to address out-of-control pricing.
I basically agree BUT there are a lot of good, solid banks too but we have gone through a lot of depressions because they got too greedy.
You didn't allow open debate on Obama Care before it was shoved down the American people's throats.  Desire to debate now is hypocritical.
#PatientsOverParty
Keep fighting. We love you
They are busy arresting people in wheelchairs.
Pot meet kettle. "We have to pass it to know what's in it" you all suck, just do the right thing for the USA.
The Senators that wrote this bill do not represent me. They don't represent their constituents. If they did, we would have a voice.
Like with Obamacare? You have to pass it to see what's in it. 
Oh the chickens are coming home to roost.
Dems will bloviate and grandstand the entire hour.
Because they can't defend this bill, and they know it.
Like with Obamacare? You have to pass it to see what's in it. 
Oh the chickens are coming home to roost.
You are dishonestly misrepresenting what she said, though if you only watch Fox, you wouldn't know that.
@SenSchumer how in the world do you two get elected? What is wrong with people in your states/ Good Grief you people aren't America.
Thank you @PattyMurray!
I don't remember the democrats doing that with ACA. they had to sign it to find out what was in it. Dems don't play well do they
That would be one more hour than Dems gave Repubs when they were cramming Obama(don't)care down our throats.
The same you dems asked the gop when you put Obamacare out
I love my Senator!

Thank you senator for all you do for us! Thank you for helping the people's voice be heard!
Can't you say what you have to say in five minutes, especially when nobody gives two shits?
Why didn't you debate Obamacare before you passed it on Christmas eve so the Country wouldn't be in this mess.
If we mattered, this would not be a tax cut for the richest and a tax increase for the middle class. The middle class does not matter to GOP
Their trying tho sneak bill through, once it's passed they wouldn't change a thing! BLOCK now!
Because they will ram this bill through no matter what. Dems better play hardball prior to 2018/2020 & harder if you win back congress.
They don't want people who are not healthy to have healthcare.
Like with Obamacare? You have to pass it to see what's in it. 
Oh the chickens are coming home to roost.
I support you
Ummm because you would shrill OBSTRUCTING the whole time and.....nobody wants to hear it anymore?
Debate over secret laws is not obstruction; unless you're in North Korea.
Like with Obamacare? You have to pass it to see what's in it. 
Oh the chickens are coming home to roost.
Can we do it midnight on Christmas Eve?
Patty is a very large boned woman
Would have been nice if you did the same thing for Obamacare!!!!
I agree with you 100%
Didn't you democrat dipshits do the exact same thing for the ACA?  Asking for a friend.
Because they have recieved alot of Corp money from the Ins&Pharma industries.ALL Senator's  should know this, most on both sides get Corp $$
Keep trying!
YOU didn't give GOP chance to read obamacare. REPEAL obamacare. now that shoe is on other foot your mad. pay back is terrible,
Keep up the hard work @PattyMurray! Thank you.
The Dem debate will not be a positive experience. Only meant to tear down proposals not positive change. Dems are only want to tear down GOP
I am with her!
Because they're all lining their own pockets with money. Rather than put humanity before profit
Because they've been writing it for years, but it has to pass now now now! Before the people can scare anyone into voting against it
Hypocritical
Because you'll oppose and obstruct everything on party lines regardless. Why bother?
Also what is the matter with starting with a small group of SME's and then having something to talk about? Otherwise it's heading cats
I would agree if there was the slightest chance if real Dem input.....but there is not
Like you guys did when you were in control.
@realDonaldTrump  this is not helpful   we should lead not act like the DEMs
Trump and his whole gang of liars and GOP thieves are greasier than a J Rock Russia love bone trailer park porno!
Oh look it's Sen Murray who sold out to BIG PHARMA....
Yeah, why not?
@ChelseaClinton so much work and they want to vote before taking a non deserved holiday break of course.
Thank you for your efforts!
Thanks Senator Murray.
Take them to task!!! Go get 'em Senator! Thank you for speaking out for Washington and our country! #ProtectOurCare #Resist #PosseWA
I heard Bernie Sanders say he will be introducing a "Medicare for All" bill very soon. Will you (finally) commit to signing on"? We need you
Well said Senator !
Are you kidding? McConnell & Ryan want a WIN 4 party NOT country! If they could have 30 seconds of debate, they'd prefer that!
Keep up the fight!
They are COWARDS!
America: the Secret TrumpCare writers sent the Dems a "Discussion Draft" - not a copy of the new TrumpCare.
Sneaky Bast**ds!
DIMMS Have NO ideas NO plans nothing but Negative Nancy & Crying @SenSchumer ! Come up with a NEW Plan or a New Idea! anyone can be a Critic
Where were you when Obamacare passed without reading it?
You're right! All I can say is we look to you to do your best to uphold our need for affordable healthcare. Thank you for standing up to GOP
Yes!!  She's fighting for American people.
Keep fighting please. My  only 1 grand child has Asthma and allergy and can't breath. We have to keep her when the lawn is mowed.Thank you
Not saying I disagree, but dems pushed O'Care so hard. No one read it and we were told must pass to see all contents. End the hypocrisy.
Thank you for your eloquent resistance.  Stay strong.
This whole process should be unacceptable. Would like just one R to stand for what is right for the American people and not for their party
Why couldn't we do that with Obamacare?...
Can't argue with stupid.
He wants to go on vacation.. and Ryan has a deadline or he will lose trumps support
What's the point? You hard core democrats don't want to listen us Republicans anyway, why should we waste our time?
YES! Please offer as many amendments as it takes to delay this tax-break-for the-very-wealthy #Wealthcare bill for at least a year!
Sounds like an ok plan to me!
Gotta love my Senator a strong woman #ShePersisted Thank You
pax
Lol , your party told us to pass the 30 thousand page Obamacare, read it later! Hypocrites! Your going to get fired if u don't get on train!
u r in a state of political warfare. the REPUBS have learned from u after 8 yrs of obama.  what goes around comes around.
"U can come along for the ride, but ur gonna sit at the back of the bus." Here's the draft. Read it. Come back with questions, duffus!
Go Patty!! Way to stand up not just for the people of Washington state, but these United States as well!! 
Because it's possible their public might accidentally get educated on what they are actually doing while in office
Here Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie. Here Chuckie Chuckie Chuckie
I don't seem to remember 1 hour debates on Obamacare. Wasn't that passed in the twilight hours?
Keep fighting @PattyMurray - we are cheering you on!
If they let us debate the people will see how phony this bill is. So the Republicans have to hide what's in it. SHAME
What did you study at WSU? Fraud!!! Fringe group rabble rouser!!! Time to retire!!!!
No wonder you shy away from the media... Dutch boy!? Go plant turnips on Whidbey Island!!! You suck!!!!
You are right . This is a disgrace and call it what it is a tax and religious cut. Tax breaks and defund planned parenthood
Thank you Senator!  I'm a Seattle transplant living in NY, proud of you!
Remember being scared to admit to your mom that you broke that lamp?
Democrats to bring the chamber’s business to a halt next week in to voice healthcare objections. Having another sit-in with pacifiers?
Pass the bill so you can see whats in it 
I remember when u Dems demanded the obama care had to be passed without any debate Guess u forgot huh HYPOCRITES all of u America Wake Up
Damn straight! I could hug you right now.
Please keep premiums down for low income families and seniors
To @SenateGOP
Before voting on this bill ask yourself : Is this a health plan I would like for myself and my family or for your mother?
Way to go! Keep after them!
Probably the same reason you #DemNOcrat cultists did not allow any input to ACA. Why aren't you praising ACA? @FoxNews
We don't demand better, we require it of all of you or your jobs are on the line.
Well played patty, well played!
Um....ya know....deceit and obstruction and obfuscation....Rethuglicans.
Disgraceful!!!!! Disgusting!!!! How is this allowed to continue in this manner!!!! #Wethepeople want Better!!! #Impeachtrumpnow
Because they now they'd lose then.
Let 'em have it Patty!!! PUBLIC's been BLINDSIDED! SUBMIT 1st Amend-"Everything in the ACHA Bill is null & void ab initio."
Thank you for fighting for us
This from people who passes Obamacare without reading?
It would make too much sense being that people's lives are at stake! Republicans expect us to accept what the 13 *hit out if there *sses!!!
I think we should just pass it and find out what's in it.  It worked before right?
@ChelseaClinton jobs ha
Exactly.  That is what should and what needs to happen for the people of our country.  I, also, want to read it.  Taxpayers have rights too.
Where were you on Obamacare?
Thank you Senator Murray!
Thank you, Senator Murray!!
Obama care and chuck schumer didnothing. Schumer said the democrats weren't going to help at all. Quit bitching
Because you never hold them accountable
yh
Thank you, Senator Murray.  Eloquent and honest.
Bite me Patty Murray. Another dem jerk
Nothing, that's why u stay up all night to get it done.  We are paying u, not the other way around.
While I may not support much of this proposal, were you a proponent of 1 hour debate on each amendment proposed to Obamacare?...
This is a dictatorship that Donald Trump is supporting!
Like always, thank you! So proud you represent me and my family!
There are some republican senators, including @SenMikeLee who will not vote if this process is rushed or isn't transparent.
Just an hour! LOL Women Politicians will yap all day.
Dems are irrelevant. Just cry quietly in the corner, out of the way, and we'll let you know when we're done. Winning!!!!
You and Schumer look and sound so silly
If you cannot negotiate, you're in the wrong job!
We couldn't stop a pipeline and we can't stop this RAILROAD.
go for it Senator Murray  keep fighting  you an Senator Cantwell represent our state
Hey chuck why did u vote yourself out of obamacare? How's your health care these days.
They don't want the American people to see what they are trying do to us!
thank you, Senator
Sis all the Trump presidency is going to do is come up with new medical plans every three weeks we're starving here it's either food or rent
Because only the Democrats would rather pass legislation and then they read it
What's wrong with that is that they know the bill would crumble under any sort of public scrutiny
#Countrybeforeprofit
Because we apparently live in Russia West now.
The ACA has its merits but one of the main reasons even passed was because it never threatened to control healthcare costs 2/
Stop stalling. Give it up. You lost. #ObamaCare is dead.
While corporations continue to make record profits at the expense of all of us. 1/
No one is into making commitments anymore,people break em anyways,that's why they have bad credit!
This is why I voted for her
They don't have to. Paul Lyin Ryan has been trying to take medicaid and medicare from everyone b long before Trump.  David Koch's puppet
How long were the debates when Obamacare was voted on? Let me see..... Oh wait there were none! Dems are out of touch but the people aren't
Because the @GOP and @potus need only  1% of Americans to approve of this bill.
Did you dims allow the GOP any chance to debate Obamacare? Why should they do you a favor?
They are scared. For being in charge they seem to be scared every time they talk about doing anything. Keep fighting Senator Murray!! 
THANK YOU!!!!!  Will they hear your words?  Not likely.  They are all of our words, and they will not be heard.  Shameful.
BRING 1000 AMENDMENTS IF THEY WILL NOT AGREE TO AN HOUR FOR EACH.
Go Patty!!!!!
@ChelseaClinton did we do that with Obama care
Yes.
Lots if debates and input prior to ACA, months if it.
but we have to pass it to see what's in it according to Pelosi,  
These GOP are Crooks, stealing the American Health care from the sick and giving the rich tax cut, Blood money @washingtonpost
Lying Bastards the big guy up stairs has something special for these people
oh .. I don't know... where was the debate for original ACA?  remember middle of the night? "have to pass it so we can see what's in it"
If they try to use reconciliation, doesn't that entitle you to unlimited amendments? 
Who needs an hour, if you can add 400 amendments. Each
An "unlimited number of amendments" could take years to process. *Hint, hint*.
Thank you to both of you for your leadership!!
Good for you! Keep speaking up! Remind the how long the process was for the ACA!
"No time to talk! We've got a reservation at Charlie Parker's!"
@RepMarthaRoby yes, why?
Power hungry bullies. In the final analysis,  most are in bed with big business and lobbyist that they owe favors for monetary contributions

FYI McConnell said "Republicans will release a discussion draft of their version of the healthcare bill on Thurs, wth a vote likely next wk.
I wonder if u read the discussion draft prior to you slamming it on the senate floor? are you not open to discussion or obstruct is ur game
because Republicans dont care about you, or the majority of Americans.
Thank you, Senator Murray!!!!
because thats not what you really want- you want to delay as none of those amendments will pass anyway and you know it
Why didn't the Dems do that with Obamacare? Karma is a bitch.
Because it has already been publicized that you intend to use that to obstruct. Bipartisanship is the answer. Enough w/party before people
Sure, but you're still a hypocrite. You voted against the #BernieSanders #drugimportbill. #HealthcareBill #SteamSummerSale #Trumpcare
It's garbage.  Ladies and gentlemen, it's going to be a long summer.  If this is the best the GOP comes up w/, we are all screwed.
