Thank you Senator Murray. It's going to be a long haul. Glad you're there.
perhaps you missed her no vote on lower drug prices by importing from canada?
Oh I did miss that, thanks.
and honestly its that type of accusation that divides people further; i live in her state she is my senator
is it that cut and dry no, but the optics are terrible and her office is providing no statement or answers
So why did you and Maria vote against Bernie's amendment that would have allowed cheaper drugs to be brought from Canada??
Since when is Canada a "poor country"?
I only mentioned Canada.  Your tweet implied that Canada was among the "poor countries".  You need to be more clear.
Not an explanation for why Canada has cheap meds.
Yes thanks for that  but what about your support of Big Pharma price gouging.  Canadians are not dying of bad drugs.
You should resign. You betray the very women you claim to support. PATHETIC!
The right wants to keep the "pre-existing" part of Obama Care. LISTEN COMPROMISE PUT YOUR HEADS TOGETHER
And you voted against allowing pharmaceuticals from Canada because why?
Not that any of it matters, with the ACA repeal!!
thank you. That is why we vote for you.
Vote for the People..not big Pharma
You should have voted 'Yes' to allow drug purchases from Canada. Put citizens ahead of Big Pharma. Shame on you.
In late night victory for PhRMA, YOU help GOP block Americans from buying cheaper FDA-approved medicine from Canada. SHAME!
It is so disrespectful of the great job women do bringing up the next generation.  To take away support for them?
I'm so ashamed of you! Picking Big Pharma over your constituents is absolutely shameful! I'm regretting my vote for you already
All talk. When it comes to action, your #BigPharma vote speaks louder than words. WE WILL REMEMBER! #Cowards #FAIL
Thank you for voting no.
& @SenatorCantwell voted against @BernieSanders Rx amendment. Big pharma didn't put U in office! We did
For woman that appreciates getting Big Pharma money, Murray voted no on SA178. Even Ted Cruz got this one right.
The Republicans want to preserve the "pre-existing" part of Obama Care. You didn't know that?
ESTOS 12 CONGRESISTAS DEMOCRATAS QUE VOTARON A FAVOR DE LAS COMPAÑIAS FARMACEUTICAS,SON LOS MISERABLES COMPRADOS SIN CONCIENCIA
- Murray voted AGAINST mitigating health care expenses. Do your homework - Murray is a corrupt shill.
is this out of context? You can still vote an amendment in, if aca is repealed goes with it, if aca stays lower Rx prices
if thats true why a no vote than other than to appease her donors, a yes vote would have been right and just as harmless
stop talking sellout
@tedcruz can rot in hell along with @PattyMurray. Time to primary 
But why did you vote "NO" on the prescription bill last night?
@HuffingtonPost but you voted no on affordable prescription drugs. #GreedyPoliticians
Why vote against lower prescription drug costs from Canada?  Are you on our side?
Yes but why not support Bernie's amendment?? Disappointed. Frustrated.
Thanks for nothing. You are not for women, you are for your pharma donors. Re-election time, I will not vote for you.
I didn't vote for her this last election. I wish more wouldn't have either
No, I just plan to vote 4 someone who will work 4 the people & not corporations
I would if the democrats weren't the ones bribed by those same corporations
Thank you from a former constituent now in AZ
Please explain your vote against @SenSanders amendment.
Usually a cynic, but can't stop myself. So proud of the Senate Dems.
you sold out. And we WILL remember. #senatesellouts #friendsofbigpharma #noreelection4you
Bullshit. Don't try to con us Senator.  You take money from them - you don't care about reform.
The 21st Century Cures Act: A huge handout to the drug industry disguised as a pro-research bounty
only vote that had a shot to help the American public you voted no on. Screw you. You and your band of 12 others cost us all
@Jill50161589   Your pre-existing condition was big $ from pharma.
THANK YOU
okay. What are you doing?  My LD 1 dems Facebook group is talking about replacing you and Maria for sanders vote. Explain.

shameful that you couldn't vote yes 2 allow citizens 2 buy medicine from Canada. Could it be the money you took from drug corp?
Thank you for voting NO. I appreciate your standing up for families like mine, who will lose our healthcare if the ACA is repealed. 
unfortunately your positive efforts here are vastly overshadowed by the terrible RX vote, I'll remember when voting.
yet again your vote considered your pockets and not the needs of your constituents. It's cool I guess we don't need medicine...
So what about your vote on Bernie's proposal to allow cheaper drugs from Canada.  Did your no vote relate to $ from Big Pharma?
you're a disgrace. I hope you have fun spending your pharma cash cause you're getting voted out first chance we get
But why would you vote against access to more affordable prescription drugs? Hmmm....
If you don't like Trump go to http://indivisibleguide.com . It's a national movement with a user friendly guide! Pass it on!
You NO to importing cheaper drugs from Canada. Why?
This woman would appreciate elected representatives who side with constituents over BigPharma  #SellOut
You know what would be great for women? Affordable prescription drugs. @PattyMurray represents big pharma, not us. http://bit.ly/2j5QtGQ 
really? Protect our care, after you voted against cheaper pharmaceuticals? More like #protectmypocket
why did you vote against lowering prescription drug prices?
Sen. this Dem. woman constituent is unconvinced. You voted against cheap drug prices, and accepted $254k from pharamaceuticals.
What gives?
WTF YOU VOTED AGAINST LOWER PRESCIPTION DRUG PRICES. How much are you getting from Pharm companies?
#disgrace Saying one thing and then voting for Big Pharma's interests is not going to work out for you. Explain to @SenSanders
Cool!
Why did you vote "no" on Sen. Klobuchar's amendment 178 to allow Rx drugs from Canada? #saveACA
legislators need to all vote for affordable RX plans (as apposed to voting against them).  https://represent.us/action/lobbyists/ …
.@PattyMurray How does it feel to be worse than Ted Cruz? You voted NO on an amendment that would import safe & affordable drugs. #HYPOCRITE
I don't get why men find it so hard to understand w/o women's healthcare THEY may not be here! Everyone is from a woman!
thank you for supporting ACA and as a woman, I appreciate your leadership knowing I will not be a precondition. #ACA
vote all you want it won't change a thing. It's about time your party gets the shaft!
Thank you!
#FollowBernie and realize it's time to fight for #SinglePayerForAll like @WAsinglePayer if you need help ask Rep Jayapal
wow. Blocked the lower medical prices. Shame.
as a PCO for the wa DNC, I believe I speak for many in our party. This will not be tolerated.
yes but why did you vote nay for lower drug costs for Americans ?!?!
.@PattyMurray yet, you voted to keep prescription drug costs high. Why?
it's a mystery!
That list included Dems, just top recipients for that year.
Or that timeframe rather
We're done with you!
Thank you! Keep voting to protect Americans and keep our essential #healthcare, and we'll keep you in office.
Big Pharma keeps her in office. @bonniejstinson @PattyMurray
For humans who appreciate that needing medication is no longer affordable, Murray voted "fuck um". Why did you do it-seriously?
I'm going to personally volunteer for whatever genuinely decent progressive candidate is chosen to primary you.
You voted no to lower RX prices. Don't try & obfuscate. You stand with the 1%. You are a neoliberal, not a decent progressive.
@zachhaller @PattyMurray The shame The heartbroken Those that need medication to live The shame Look in the mirror see you
Stay strong Senator Murray!  We need you.
Thank you for voting no, Senator.
Can you please explain why you voted NO as well for lowering drug prices?
You recieved $264,000 from Big Pharma and then voted against lowering perscription drug prices. Please explain yourself. #greed
about as much as you care about affordable medication...you don't
...and late last night voted "nay" on 178. Patty, will you verify if $254,649 is INDEED amount Big Pharma gave you?
WHY DID YOU VOTE AGAINST LOWER PRESCRIP. PRICES?  PLEASE EXPLAIN.
@Women_Vote as a superdelegate for Hillary, this feels out of touch given the rising tide of fascism
what about medication costs? Should these people be able to afford medication as well or what?
this doesn't even make sense
you may as well register Republican
Once again you let us down. Get Bernie or get out
are you going to answer about the Bernie amendment vote? Been a supporter but this is awful
Thank you. I appreciate you fighting the fight.
but why in the world would you vote against cutting medicine cost? Disappointed!
What about those who vote against the @BernieSanders amendment to lower prescription drug prices? You are a sellout.
Explain your prescription vote please.
Thank you!!!
Thank you thank you thank you for standing up for women! You are our hope. Keep giving it your all! #ProtectOurCare
So how does this square w a Nay vote on Sanders/Klobuchar amndmnt re Canadian drugs/lower drug prices?  Very disappointing, if not revealing
good job for this but why vote against importing prescriptions?
you also voted no on Bernie's amendment though :(
@zachhaller @PattyMurray Nice things around you make it ok, huh,sweetie Patty.
