So far in our society we have proven that people do need special laws because the majority of people are stupid
Yeah that's it because they don't agree with me
Good go be a fortune teller since you aren't surprised

Really??? Obama admin didn't protect the rights of Christians or conservatives. They actually targeted them. Enjoy the payback!!!
That's sounds like a Christian point of view...
As a Christian: that bloke doesn't speak for us.
I know he doesn't , that's what's sad.know many exceptional religious people and the problem is always with the One Bad Apple
He’s a bot
I know
The current administration is led by immoral morons.
Every tweet I see re the admin uses general terms, like u just did. No specific issues, proof to back it up, etc. What exactly r u saying?
They should be protected, but only on same basis as other employees, no special consideration.
Americans forget the purpose of democracy. Represent the people, not the corporations.
Liberal mental illness.
That's a key word ( citizen as in United States citizen) not whoever goes to sleep in the back of a truck and wakes up here Trump 2020
The goverment definitely doesn't belong in your personal life and that is what this is all people should be protected
There is a special place in hell for you sir!
Separation of church and state is now non existent.Time to tax church as If they are a business.Want to get involved in politics,pay t a xes
Sessions is one sided racist period.
You don't care about transgender folks. This is about exploiting for votes/money for you.
Can someone please!!! Read the Constitution and the Bill of Rights to this ignorant Administration.
The words might be to...BIGLY.
Transgender have the same rights as anyone else in Washington. None. Why should they get additional benefits.
Additional benefits? Oh please do tell how wanting a cake made by a bakery is a special benefit or applying 4 a job is a special benefit
This states representatives don't take care of its own people. We all had dissatisfied encounters with businesses from one time to another
What u r saying makes no sense, would u like to elaborate?
How about protecting my 2nd A rights ? FYI that is an actual right set forth in the const. Not some made up right like you are espousing.
So what are you doing about this.
Moron tRump has spawned a new underground in the most publicly armed country in the world. Does he have suicidal tendencies too?
Trump thinks he's immortal. Part of his personality disorder.
Bill Clinton thinks he's not immoral. That got him impeached.
Can you read?
Immortal. Check dictionary.
Have a great day!
#TheResistance
Acts by black robed men of such an arrogant gall “ip so facto” crime by all. Proven existed the fact a crime to exist under the rule of law.
How about the rights of the unborn?
He’s a Jim Crow cronie!
The whole administration is disgusting. Everyone of them wants to go backwards. #ImpeachTrumpNow
He has to go
He needs to come out of the closet.
@dominicholden Missed you saying that under Obama. And get on ACA Senator. #PutzHypocrite
Preach!
Yes, Senator Murray, civil rights should protect all citizens: every ethnicity, creed, and medical condition: being minimal in nature
He will get his CUMuppance at some point... one of his kids .. or his wife will cum out of the closet.. and he will have egg on his face LOL
This racist bigot needs to be fired!!!
Sessions needs to go
Evil , need to be fired!
Damn!!!
Religious freedom ends where human rights and equality begin. Otherwise we're not the land of the free, we're just another theocracy.
Civil rights should protect all Americans. And the two tiered justice system for wealthy needs to stop. No justice no peace
I'm furious about this. The Trump Dynasty and their cronies have GOT to go. #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow

Just like Obama did?  Let Dems continue their corrupt ways, equality for them?
Amen !!
Ok, what are you going to do about it! Twitter statements mean nothing unless they are supported by action.
The little waterboy is busy undoing America for his behind closed doors want to dress like mommy @realDonaldTrump but scare to be real.do U!
Then start protecting the rights of all law abiding citizens!
Sounds like a Supreme Court case
Past admin attacked civil/religious rights of Little Sisters of the Poor.
Have nice day!
Funny how they only choose to protect  straight  Christian white people
Jeff Sessions obsession with LGBT and Transgender is very suspicious ...
Southerners like Session make my skin crawl. Bigotry alive and well in this WH.
What is this little shit afraid of?
Like the unborn? Should I say undocumented baby?
Get rid of Sessions. He cannot distinguish betwn legitimate gun rights owners and insane people who want to murder with guns.
Um, by definition, civil rights law only protects protected classes. Transgender, whatever that means, is not covered. Sorry.
We are not supposed to pick and choose which Americans are worthy of protection.

Oh wait - the Constitution did just that didn't it.
More Patty LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Boo Hoo
Confirmed: Trumpy admin is driven by vindictiveness, hate and bigotry. When did US get in the biz of taking rights away?
Exactly right!!
Didn't say that during the last administration?
Gotta love Patty Murray!
What a doofus
And still we as the people are silent
Exactly!
Amen
This is outrageous!!!!!
Today police arrested a man for being gay, in front of a local YMCA. He resisted so police bloodied him with a bible, then whisked him away.
GOP is worshipping a golden calf.  $worshipers have no empathy and have no business being in gov't.  Godless bunch really.
And not only the rights of Obama's pets who obviously don't want the 1st Amendment for anyone but themselves!
You do mean ALL americans, right?
Maybe my senator can repent and protect the rights of the unborn. BLOCK the murderous voice here.
Sessions is a racist and white supremacist. He LIED DURINH HEARING HE NEEDS TO BE IMPEACHED TOO
You are a communist. Your deceit is being exposed.
Ur loyalty is to all the American people lil kids ass weasel u should of resigned but I got scared lol weak old pathetic racist
Ur a sell out u do not honor the laws of this land u swore on a bible to protect all the rights of every American! Instead ur a puppet

Not correct. Your assumptions of interpretation of established law is just that and is exactly what is argued.
This administration is a living nightmare.
Patty it's evident that you are not a Christian.  Abortion and homosexuality is not a Christian attitude. A Christian can't be a Democrat.
Well why don’t you pass such a law then?
Take sessions seat !!!!!
I'm Rep who voted 4U@PattyMurray . I support revoking of Jared & Ivanka's clearance.. 1 standard both parties
House Dems call for White House to revoke Jared and Ivanka’s security clearances over use of private email server https://yhoo.it/2yqNCml  
Where in the world was you the last 7-8 years.
Sorry Patty. You lost. Liberals are headed towards the Trash heap of history !!!
Damn straight. Thank you Senator.
What about my civil rights as a Christian @PattyMurray , the attack on Christians coming from your own states AG.
Oh god.. oh that’s right god is on their side.. NOT
Yes! 
Sessions' comment
DN make sense:
transgender have a gender identity.
S is parsing words

FixItFast
@HouseDemocrats
@SenateDems
#resist
If those people are citiczens then those rights are theirs alone. You people forget the rights belong to americans only. You know, voters.
I'm with you Patty. Keep the pressure on & continue to voice the truth. #Resist #notnormal
So you are a Demoncrat also. The party of Satan.


So if a weirdo comes to work dressed as & claiming to be the opposite sex, the employer shouldn't do anything about it. Hoo-kay Patty!
What a racist, sexist little transphobe.

Someone give that man an atomic wedgie already.
And bigoted Christians. His base.
This regime does not protect people. It blatantly and obviously protects business.
Senator I vote all senators take a salary cut to infuse our economy. I also would like to vote all senators be given a time line as a group
If you don't"t meet the time line then the assembly has to collectively pay a fine.
Isn’t this the cherry pickin U always do? Choosing the laws U like and ignoring the ones U don’t? The rule of law applies to all Patty.
Jeff Sessions......hmmm. Epitome of Christian cruelty, arrogance, SPITE.
bend me over & show me the 50 states you snowflake
You talking about abortion? Cause that’s literally murdering children
The law does, Patty. It's the GOP who done it. They're not a governing party and you know it. They're mobbed-ump fascists, you know that too
Or the rights of only minorities
Lady if you don't start being more civil you will have no rights
What about civil rights laws for the unborn children? Not just the rights of people that the liberal left chooses to protect.
Sessions has spent his entire life despising civil rights. He's a vile little man.
What about the civil rights of unborn children?  Or are you just concerned about people you choose to protect? #ProLife
I bet you don't believe in helping children once they are born. Am I right?
Thank you for that...it seems like most of the Senate and house may have forgotten that.
我希望美国能够早日给我Greencard同时日本政府给我常年签证
