Senate Ds have 2 thoughts on how to fix #Obamacare
1. Do nothing
2. A fully gov-run system that would take away even more of their decisions
I'm afraid.
Exactly right, Senator Murray.  Too bad @SenMajLdr doesn't listen well - or maybe, just maybe, he's trying to distort the truth.
as one of your constituents, i would strongly prefer you supported medicare for all instead. the market is the problem. #medicare4all
Thank you, Sen Murray for reaching across the aisle to try to fix the system for ALL!
What a total joke you and all dems hv become. U ruined healthcare and do nothing to fix it. #burninhell
All know there are more options.
@SenateMajLdr Obamacare needs fixes. A flat tire on the new family care doesn't mean you take the car to the junkyard. U fix it
Submit all your good ideas
Get busy & submit all your great ideas, not all freebies for the illegals
Bipartisan work is only great on NEW healthcare bill. Tired of corrupt politicians! Ocare has like 2 good things about it.
Health insurance does not equal health care. Let’s get single payer and talk about actual health care. Doctors and nurses not insurance co’s
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Yes, please continue bipartisan efforts. Thank you, Senator Murray.
Yeah, it's called "Single Payer" and Sen. Sander already has a bill that does this. Co-sign his bill now!
Or how about supporting single payer?
We need a bipartisan way to fix ACA. @lisamurkowski Give us your statement on voting NO on Graham-Cassidy today & let's work on the fix.
It's almost like he's lying about this.
Could eliminate the health insurance risk arbitrage business model by systemically accounting for individual risk.
/2 Or do we feel a need to protect the fairly unaccountable health insurance business model?
/3 There is a much smarter way. Could solve the problem in three cycles.
Health care is not a commodity to be bought and sold. Perhaps, Ms. Murray, you should choose your words more carefully.
How about you sign onto @SenSanders' Medicare for all' bill instead?
Just wondering, how is that paid for?
Bernie’s plan will cost over $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next 10 yrs. Check it out urself. #MoralThingToDo
Really...please share your source
You're old enough to do your own homework.
I figured as much.
So then you went to the site I gave you and read up on it? Goggled for more information on it? Time 4 our country to stop being left behind.
BTW, name one thing the government runs well? Post office, Medicaid? Medicare, SS?? Anything.
Patty, do you have other job experience? You're going to need it shortly. I for one, will not vote for you or the other senator.
Why are we treating HC like buying a car? Clearly healthcare isn't something to market place reduces price on. Pre and Post ACA proved this.
#medicaid4all #UniversalHealthCare why is this so hard? Just look at what other countries have done and take notes.
You must be confused. 
@SenSchumer says you have no seat at the table. So WHAT work?
WHAT? 

Your party has not offered one scintilla of an idea except exactly what Senator McConnell said. @SenateMajLdr @jaketapper @JoeNBC
Force Pharmaceutical and medical equipment companies to not charge so much maybe?
Please listen to Senator Murray, Senator McConnell. How about actually helping people?
Well done Senator. Please remain sane.
Lets get rid of greedy HMOs who care more for profit than people. Hospitals, Physicians, Nurses, Tx Team and Patients are suffering.
also, "bipartisan work to reduce & stabilize..." absurd. only goal of  GOP is increased profit for insurers, at vast human cost to poor&sick
Bipartisan only seems like an option you want when you are in the minority. Where was it when ACA was passed with 0 R votes?
Here's my thought: Medicare for All.
Still trust the GOP and Lamar Alexander who betrayed you...naive or just stupid!
What a great idea!
Keep up the good work.
#MedicareForAll That's what this Seattle constituent wants. Let's get in line with the rest of the civilized world. You represent me.
Please help McConnell pay attention, does he really know what goes on in his chamber....appears not
Here's my thought: I will only donate $ to candidates who support #MedicareForAll and I will actively work to replace those who don't
Just what we have come to expect as normal under @realDonaldTrump leadership a lie from @SenateMajLdr We know @SenAlexander & you working
If you want to actually reduce premiums, you should implement price controls, not just throw more tax money at the insurance companies.
How about you just pass #SinglePayer like the people are demanding, before the people decide they don't want to employ you any more?
Now you come around ! Gather all UR little Friends and school them on your very Original Concept , maybe they wouldn't throw u out a window
Thank you for your leadership!
Please keep fighting to stabilize markets and reduce the sabotage premium. Time is running out.
Crooked McConnell.
That's a great idea Senator Murray. The ACA needs stability and some tweaks. If there were bipartisan work, it could happen.
Thank you, Senator Murray.
If you don't support Medicare for All, we will not turn out to vote for you or any other Dem who doesn't support it.
Agree!
Yes! Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your persistence!
that sounds good, but the democrats have never negotiated in a bipartisan way. Is the dems way or nothing.  What are you willing go give up?
How about letting people order generics from abroad to solve one problem? How about not letting customs seize affordable Rx meds?
Agree
I didn't understand why the Republican Senator said kaput.  What I did understand that anything helping ACA had to go in GOPs heads.
Thank you for your steady leadership on this issue. I am proud to have voted for you.
I will continue to call your office to ask for your support for #MedicareForAll
If you represented the people of WA instead of corporations you'd support #MedicareForAll. Better outcomes for less money.
Dems and Repub owe it to the disenfranchised 40% of Americans to provide them with Federal Medicaid coverage. i.e. Single Payer, like Europe
I mean why don't we expand the concept to every sector? Does each American deserve to join a hedge fund to increase their wealth?
Please help Puerto RicoAmericans are dying there
Oh good, another man trying to tell women how to think. I'm glad you're my senator, Patty. #Resist
Sensible thoughts.... I love it!!
#RegulateInsuranceCompanys
Does that mean you reject .@SenSanders plan to take private insurance away from hardworking teachers, construction workers & firefighters?
Thanks Patty, you do a great job. I would prefer universal coverage please
I admire the sentiment, Senator, but @SenateGOP are not going to give up $400 million in Koch money over the healthcare of the rabble.
The problem is not only the Premiums, -they are unpayable- but also the high costs of medicines and hospitals. It's obscene.
The market *is* the problem. We want to go to the ER if we need to w/out going bankrupt. When will you see that?
since when is the dnc blackmailing the american people using bull shit lies dnc refused to do obamacare allowin the gop to help liar
Stop. You have done enough damage. Repeal and let the free market step in and fix it.
How about doing what the majority of the US wants and what the rest of the advanced world is already doing? #singlepayer
Here’s my thought, vote on it, if it gets 50 votes then send to House then WH
A mischaracterization…as if anyone expected more from a guy who is apparently unloved by both parties.
Love you Patty! Thanks from Spokane...
Maria Cantwell is thinking of endorsing Single Payer. Her office number is 425-303-0114. Give her a call and ask her to stand with Bernie.
Political expedience. She's up for reelection next year.
Right on, doesn't matter, call her anyway. I hope a progressive primary challenger beats her in next election.
Please help us SEN Murray
Help Puerto Rico...
Millions in Puerto Rico are without power & aid after #Maria. Congress is back today - emergency help for PR should be 1st priority. https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/912319043016839169 …
The Rs must have built up wax in their ears. Or a language problem. They don't listen to what the Ds want to do.
Thank you for speaking for most Americans. We do want a bipartisan effort to improve the ACA.
Tell me again when you have been involved in any healthcare bi-partisan legislation on ACA? Such a fibber you are....#Amazing
Would your office reach out to https://twitter.com/redsteeze/status/912443638680051713 …  to explain what is wrong w the Bill please?
Stabilize it? What's wrong with it? https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/912443395897004032 …
Did you just officially come out against Medicare for all? We'll remember that next time you run. @justicedems
Agreed.  I hope you and Senator Alexander can get your process back on track.
What bi-partisan work?
@SenateMajLdr @dnc @gop Y'ALL HAVE DESTROYED fellow American's ability to get HC ! COSTS WAY TOO MUCH! #Obamacare #FullRepeal
Why not try interstate competition or is that too radical for you?
Thank you for continuing to reach across the aisle, Senator. #WeThePeople appreciate your efforts.
Thanks for your leadership, Senator!  Musicians have benefited immensely from the ACA but there's lots more to be done.
Quit taking money from the insurance companies and big pharma. That's the first step you need to take @PattyMurray....
Until you do that your constituents can't honestly trust that  you're fighting for better healthcare for them. Until then it's only talk.
Which bipartisan work is that
Thank you for working for the health and well-being of all Americans.
It would be nice if Republicans would step up and work things out in a bipartisan way for the sake of the country's health & well being.
Here's my thought: until EVERYONE in the country has access to healthCARE at the same level, NO ONE in congress can take tax money  benefits
no do #2. that's the one we want.
attempt at repealing the ACA Senator Murray. That's what we the people want today. CAN YOU HEAR US(A)?
The US continues to pay  higher rates for care & meds than the rest of the world in part bc of the presence and benefactors of these lobbies
NO. Let's save the ACA. We don't like your thought. We don't trust you any more. We want to stabilize the conversation first and kill theGOP
Well how do you get the GOP to do that? #KillTheBill
Nope! don't need ins companies! Ceos making 800k /yr u will never get good deal. Sign Bernie Sanders' bill or stand up and say why not!
Single payer now
Please support @SenSanders Medicare for all. We need to be inspired by what Democrats are doing, not just what they oppose.
How is that paid for again?
Here's my thought, #MedicareForAll
Howsabout getting your R colleagues to go on the record with their voting intention?
If by stabilize you mean give taxpayer money to insurance companies then no.
You can't take more we the people are taxes to Death and taxes and more. You all are about follow the dollar Money talks and Bullshit Walks
Thank you, Senator Murray!
When are you & your party really going to do something to reduce the costs? RESIST will not reduce the cost a little work will from the Dems
Here's a thought support Bernies bill or I'm not voting for U Corporate puppets got to go !! Your making it easier & easier to not vote 4 U
Maria Cantwell is thinking of endorsing single payer. Calling her Everett office takes two seconds.
Thank you senator patty muarry
Yes, it was GOP, and the DEMS were the only ones who voted to put it in place even tho they knew it was a lousy program.
Even better, Medicare for all.
