And increase accessibility.
Hopefully not by single payer plan using Medicaid to pay
Senator Murray, We need you in the fight for #SinglePayer. Please do the right thing and co-sponsor @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill
Give all the immigrants free, charge Americans,  the dems way
Then why don't you support the Medicare for all bill?
For Americans, not illegal immigrants
Please support medicare for all, Senator.
so then repeal ACA for starters
Lost confidence in America.
Then support medicare for all you corporate sell out!
We are already paying a TON of taxes. Support Medicare for all.
Health care should be 'single-payer'. All vendors must be vetted for service and pricing before the gov't purchases it for the people.
Your "principal goal" should be what your constituents want. Not your donors. You and @SenatorCantwell will be voted out. #MedicareForAll
Sen. Murray, I am your constituent and have voted for you! Please support healthcare that removes the for profit incentive
Thank you Senator!!
Thank you... I am self-employed & until ACA, could not afford healthcare for myself. Healthcare costs are rising & need to go down NOT up!
Then make every one pay their FAIR share. No subsidy! Make people work for their health care. We don't need more welfare!
Why can you do that now and not when Obama Care came out. I think Senator's should have to get what ever comes out next.
Why is common sense such a hard concept to convay to some people, thank you @PattyMurray for trying to explain it to them!
Why don't we have the health insurance that you people have in Congress
Is there something wrong with everyone paying for healthcare
Why does health care in Germany cost 50% less per capita?? A large insurance pool maybe?
Doing away with the profit motive will go a long way to doing that
As my #elected official, please explain why you and @SenatorCantwell do not support #SinglePayer ?
In 'Single-payer' all vendors compete with each other to win the contract. Premiums for 330+ million will be progressive.  Capitalism works.
Anti prescription drug from Canada
Superdelegate
It was a hell of lot more affordable for the majority of Americans before you Dems ruined it!!
Please support the M4A that @SenSanders is purposing. Let's stop this mess now and do one payer. Let's step into the modern world
It's a choice we make as a nation and it reflects our values and priorities. Please get behind @SenSanders #MedicareForAll  #cultureofcare
then get government out of health insurance
My primary goal is telling everybody I can  to vote you out of office!
Greater efficiency through more layers of government! Has that ever worked?
By further ensuring private profit through subsidies and hope it "trickles down"? Kinda like the Stimulus n corp tax cuts.
Go @PattyMurray!  Get the women Senators together!  @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
single payer healthcare/medicare for all/universal healthcare
Patty if you socialism - MOVE TO EUROPE!
So your going to support #MedicareForAll ? Or has your corporate handlers told you No. voted for U since 92.  Not any more. #Demexit
Liar ! Is that why you voted for big Pharma ? I won't forget.  Corporate sellouts got to ho
Keep up the great work!
Then maybe you should get the government out of it.  Everything the government touches costs more, not less.
Than stop taking money! YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE...
Uh, what happened 8 years ago Senator? Had super-majority in both houses, & WH. You blew it, big time. Now we are supposed to believe you?
YOU'VE FAILED. #OBAMACARE IS A DISASTER BUT YOU DESIGNED IT THAT WAY TO FORCE AMERICANS INTO OUR VA STYLE HORRIBLE HEALTHCARE. WE REJECT IT
Like how you keep saying "Trump Care". Obama and every Democrat that voted for it OWNS this mess, so stop trying to pin it to republicans!!!
Yeah obam a care hasn't done enough damage get the hell out of healthcare you people suck at it
Thank you @PattyMurray #stayfocused on affordable healthcare but don't forget #IrmaHurricane or #FirstResponders. #politicalmultitasking
The best solution to affordable healthcare is for the patient to self treat. Paying more to someone else will always result in more cost.
When is it time to retire?
Let's see you support Medicare for All, then!
Cool! So that means you are supporting Medicare-for-All?
The ONLY way #Healthcare will be #democratic is passing healthcare for all #legislation .  Do away with private insurers. Time to choose.
Not paying you would be a big help
How has that worked so far? My premiums and costs have skyrocketed, over 150% and I'm healthy.
Then what's holding you back from endorsing @SenSanders single payer for all bill!?! #SinglePayerNow
Nobody wants to pay for it
As a registered WA voter who voted for you, I would like to see you support @SenSanders medicare-for-all bill. Please like if you agree
#MedicareForAll or resign. Done with you propping up insurance/pharma at the expense of working Americans.
How can we possibly call ourselves "great" when we are the only global power that does not offer some form of HC for all?!
Go Senator Murray!!  It's great to see our Washington State representatives leading the way for all Americans.  Keep up the great work!
The fact that this needs to be said is unreal.
Dictator can make it more affordable. Competition/freedom can do the same & with all getting only what they want. Problem is ppl must decide
Didn't you Dems claim this before with the ACA?
