By rolling back the #CleanPowerPlan the Admin is making communities across the country more vulnerable to #climatechange than ever before.
Ignoring #climatechange won’t just affect our enviro & health—we'll see rising sea levels, ocean acidification & longer wildfire seasons.
In the face of the growing photovoltaics industry, isn't this a tad hyperbolic?
Exactly. There is no global warming and the Dems are merely protecting contibutors who get federal $ to study.
you say no global warming but FACTS by scientists across the world prove you wrong. FACTS. Bye now
I put this chart together for you all...
@PattyMurray #climatechange #ClimateAction #globalwarming #hoax 

N Tyson is a propaganda machine. I used to respect him for being a brilliant black mind.
Good they are doing what should have been done a long time ago. Now it's time for you to go Patty
Who is protecting the oceans from football field sized boats powered by toxic sludge? Not you.
Unbelievable! Stand strong! Stop the Navy flights over our treasured Olympic National Park, too.
The Trump admin is doing exactly want he promised he would do. That is why we elected him.
And your point?
You're being absurd. The environment is fine & will continue to be. So many make huge $$ due to your "global warming" hysteria.
These changes will be challenged and tied up in court for years, right?  Easy to sign piece of paper.   Harder to implement.
Thank you for speaking up about environmental protection!
Patty. My fear was right. Trump is going to destroy all of the things that America holds dear. He must be impeached some how.
We need to stop being victims as the deception is out of control. Patty, people are behind you, what is congress going to do?
U have such little faith in ppl to b good stewards of the environment. Mt. St. Helens is more of a threat than POTUS.
thank you senator. we must not accept this time in our history as normal. Resist.
Shoulda supported @SenSanders
Truly a sad day...
AWESOME
Stop him!
we need you to fight hard for all of us! And let us know when you need our help! This craziness mst stop before it's too late!
Fear is the right word.
@hraptis72 in no time we will have no clean air, most csncer cases, can we sue him for that?
OK.  So he did this.  What can we do now?  I can't believe he signs this EO and we're all now doomed.  What can we do???
what can we do to over ride these EO's?
Keep up the good fight. We need your voice back there.
And trying to gut decency as well.They need to go.This is not a game of Empire.
I don't agree. By exaggerating what Republicans did you lose credibility, the Democrats lose credibility.
When socialist Democrats linked with environmentalist I lost trust in environmentalism. Faking data didn't help.
If @realdonaldtrump & conservatives have their way: every 1980's corporate-rule dystopian fantasy will come true. #impeachtrump
You put this into place so that you could have a hand in everything, medical, businesses, environment, schools, ...etc
#canwethepeopleGUThim?
Majority  of Americans did not vote for this. Destroying environment to enrich energy corps. is NOT a jobs plan!
How can we enhance & implement more restrictions here in WA to combat what he does?
PLEASE stop Trump while he is under investigation Trump is so UNFIT for President.Dems and REPUBS  ignoring all of this
@mtnresistance Trump is committing crimes against humanity! #DefendClimate
Climate change has always occurred throughout history. The question is how much humans impact it.
Don't make an idol out of the environment. It is a false god.  This emotionalism is absurd.
@borealizz just to piss off Democrats
"What plans has Trump revealed? He's got nothing. Trump is political theater, that's it. Nothing more. He can't read."
I can't believe Americans voted for this
Dems must be proactive and remove Trump & cronies ASAP. Pls lead the charge!
so awful and disheartening
The cost of clim change is hard on the average income, only rich can afford wind and solar
Unfortunately, we're losing chance to lead in a fast-growing industry http://www.businessinsider.com/solar-energy-job-growth-2017-1 …
scariest EO yet. Let's not let this be the distraction it's meant to be. Focus on #trumprussia for now and let's be rid of him.
, is there any process for undoing @realDonaldTrump's Executive Orders when he is impeached? @Nakhthor
@All100Senators And rep's @SenCoryGardner @RepMikeCoffman @RepDLamborn @RepKenBuck @RepTipton are ALL complicit!!!
He seems to want to stop anything the Prez Obama had a hand in, sad man Trump is
@metaquest why isn't this itself, treasonous?
They have done things to make angry and scared. This EA makes sad. We've come so far, now this
Impeach treasonous traitor Trump now!
@LOLGOP we lead the world in shame and denial
Thank you for fighting #ResistTrumpTuesdays
plus the lies that go along with this!! This man needs to be impeached!! He's KILLING our country!!
But, Senator, there is good news:I must provide you my source& will:American corps r regulating themselves;green's profitable!!
What can be done about it?
you do not represent eastern Wa. Quit obstructing, do you're job. #PattyMurray
The financial losses caused by this EO are heavy.  How can one invest in the future when Trump changes the rules suddenly?
Excellent!
Have BS in Environmental Studies and MS in policy studies.  Retired looking for work.
I'd like to see a list of all companies that will comply w all the energy regs as if the rollback did not exist & thank them.
“they have to #justify why they have #changed,” he added.
