Shame on you Senator! Do you think I could NOT get a group of Children with a picture of You and Hillary and them start spitting on it Wow
You have serious Mental issues to include Kids in Your ungodly agenda You truly should be investigated for the way You used these children
Do you really think kids should be used as pawns in politics??
Sad! How old are these kids. Using them is just another reason why ppl move away from the party. Only in communistic countries do u see this
AARRGGH! What do you think is happening now?Shall I send you my letter ending my ins for the 3rd time or my $800/mo bill?
Obamacare insurance is absurd = unusable insurance.  Deductibles for everything are thousands of dollars, so people rarely even use it!
those kids know nothing about health insurance or ACA or AHCA but pretty disgusting of you to pimp them out #YouFail
why do you have better healthcare than them?  you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians. get off the gov gravy train.
What?! And go back to doing what... Nothing? She's done nothing for nothing
Appeal to emotion fallacy using manipulated children as props is how low For Profit Politician Millionaire Murray has sunk to be relevant
You're disgusting. Next you'll talk to Veterans & bring up how much you love us because of family service... when in actual fact you hate us
Using children to try & argue a political point.. liberals: "Think about the children!" When you put them in schools/neighborhoods that suck
Hitler and Stalin used kids as props too!
But Patty, your Obamacare already did that! Look in the mirror. U already did that 2 us! You R deceiving to divert the blame. Shameless U R.
What is wrong with you Dems?
We've seen this type of indoctrination before....1930's Germany....
How would u know about trump care hasn't been passed yet
O know damn well she didn't read it though
What do you tell the thousands of middle class families who already endured that with Obamacare?
"These Kids" are thinking they would like to be out playing ball. Gov has already stolen $$ from their future & call it HealthCare :(
This is why you need to go
Well, at least you're finally admitting that your complaints against #trumpcare are childish. 
I've never seen competition result in higher costs. U evidently have no business training. Trumpcare eliminates state boundries. Lowers cost
You're a fraud
I paid $10,000 last year for healthcare and went to the dr once - for a checkup that included a $25 copay. Looking forward to more choices.
ObamaCare did the same thing.  Too bad you people never take Economics in college.
Are you saying the current ACA isn't doing exactly that?  What are YOU doing to improve our healthcare/ACA???
You're using kids for selfish gain & laughing? Do you laugh when babies are murdered by abortion? #ShameOnYou
Obamacare did that for my health ins.  Do you want pictures of my kids with a sad faces giving you a thumbs down?
You just described Obamacare.
It but that racist, LOL
Is there anyone in that room who does understand economics?
Wow... impressive leadership. Keep voting out Democrats
You are a Loser is all I can say
Nice to see you using kids as props.  Now throw granny off the cliff.  Oops, loonies already did that one
this from some 1 who exempted themselves from the "Gr8" Obamacare bcuz u knew it was bad Put your where your mouth is u socialist swine
Obviously their mother doesn't have to pay 1/4 her annual income as deductible as her premiums dbl each year like my grandkids
If Obamacare was so good, why isn't Patty's family on it?
The very best response!!
If these kids r being educated in your state, I doubt they'll win the spelling bee.  Maybe should re-focus on school instead of politics
Bad miss by her staff, and nothing personal, but she looks terrible.
Sad
Repeal ACA without a replacement
Ms. Murray, Are you aware of the rise in Insurance premiums since ACA, ObamaCare? You and @TheDemocrats have such nerve.
You Dems are just disgusting. Quit using kids for your agenda that they know nothing about.
Pretty sad you use these children for your political game!!!
This is a new low kids/children should be OFF limits can they go any lower  I really don't know but they will probably find a way 
This is absurd.  Grow up.
Those kids are too young to understand this so stop exploiting them. Also It is Obama care that is unaffordable with ins co's dropping out.
You're fake news Murray. Keep pushing BS and using kids as props. What's up with Washington's unfunded pensions? Focus on what matters.
Can't wait to c more of u dems out of jobs coming 2018 #DrainTheSwamp
#democrats let kids be & stop inserting them into issues they do not understand #Obamacare raised my cost to $2,800 per month #unsustainable
Are u on Obama care? No i doubt it so u wouldn't know about how it hurts families and helps the ones on entitlements
You must be confusing that with ACA. You know; the program built on a triumvirate of lies.
You mean like we do with Obamacare?
It's time we get our collective heads out of the sand and face the realities.  Seek the truth...
Give me a call sometime if you want to know the true impact of ACA on the average Joe.
You mean like their parents are having to do now under #Obamacare ?
#Trumpcare
Wow like nazi propaganda from WWII is this what dems have sunk too?
Wow, really? Gonna use kids? They shouldn't even be thinking about political crap! Horrible parents, horrible Senator! #DemExit
Wow Pat. Pretty disgusting prop. Kind of like your hairstyle.
How sad Patty using kids
Poor kids feel sorry for them with these libtarded parents
Why thats whats happening now w obama care. No wonder DC all messed up. Just listen to urself

You and your goons should be ashamed. The parents of these kids should be ashamed for letting you use them for your agenda. #DemsRDone
Hate it...and does this move any votes or public sentiment?
What you told them. I used to think you were in office to help and work with both sides. However, it appears you true colors are showing.
These kids should be busy being kids. Not woke tiny pawns for their political parents.
What do those kids really know about any care? Keep brain washing!
What did these kids say when you rammed ACA down our throats!!
another staff post---pattie busy trying to find mind
