This senator ripped Republicans for trying to rush their health care bill without a hearing 
Partisan politics need to go away, ACA issues could be resolved if parties would work together; GOP refused to work with Dems
Incredibly important to stop them on this. Not just about how terrible the bill will be. It's about how the public will react. Violently.
Senator Murray, Dem base thinks you all should do everything you can do DELAY, DELAY, DELAY.
Just got off phone w/ Sen. Murray (D-WA), who argued w/holding consent would _not_ meaningfully stall the vote. Said she'd do it if it would 
Senator, pls withhold consent for this vote. Even a short delay will 1.make them face their constituents & 2.be on the right side of this.
What are you planning on doing to stop this deadly bill from passing in the Senate @PattyMurray??!!!
Up to big things..Thank you for your service.  Cynthia Harris
If you care that much, maybe you and @SenateDems should grind the Senate to a halt? Just an idea...
Thank you for working on this.
Please do everything you can to block this bill. Boycott hearings until AHCA gets public hearings. Loudly and publicly speak out.
Anything to demonstrate dominance to the citizens. It has nothing to do with our health and future. Just to show the people who's in charge.
Since we don't need to call you or @SenatorCantwell, let us know what we can do to help, Senator.
Yes, you do.
its ok u have to pass it to see whats in it
weren't you just 1of2 Dems that voted against Bernies bill to import prescriptions. You take a lot of $ from INSURANCE lobby.
Now, now the Truth is the Democratic party is being revealed as corrupt. Your so called Obamacare is the worst in history.
Please do all you can to grind the senate to a halt until we can see the bill. Delaying a few weeks is worth it! Fight for us!!
Thank you Senator Murray. You have our support on this!
We are here to support you, we need to stop this bill, if they can pass this Medicare and Social Security are next!
WITHHOLD CONSENT ON EVERYTHING until they hold a public hearing.
We demand that all senate activities be stopped until Mitch stops hiding his plan & allows a public hearing on TrumpCare.
You have your work cut out for you. How can we help!??!
@nowthisnews   Just like Dems did with Obamacare.  What's the difference?
Please continue to fight against ACHA-thank you for speaking up!
Remember that time Patty voted against importing drugs from Canada at lower prices to appease her BigPharma backers...
Thank you for standing our ground!
@nowthisnews This is supercalifragilisticexpialidociously awesome! 
Still better than Obamacare being passed overnight.  You are a huge hypocrite Patty Murray
Kind of like u jammed ACA down my throat. one good Turn deserves another.
Much like you did with ACA.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @PressGop @GOPLeader @GOPChairwoman @SenatorBurr @SenJohnMcCain @davereichert @ananavarro @WSJPolitics @business @cnni
Make no mistake no matter how good it was democrats would be against it.. STOP the bickering and work together....
Doesn't feel very good does it?
Calling out that this process is not normal is so important.  Keep reminding your colleagues that this is harmful to both political parties.
I appreciate what the Democrats are doing to bring attention to this.
Really did they say you have to pass before you can read it
Guess what?! You were elected to stop this crap from happening! So do your job! @SenatorCantwell
Jesus.  Go get em !
Keep at it. But Dems have failed us miserably so far in health care and opposing this fool. We want actual results.
You need to do something about it. Getting your staff to compose tweets for you obviously ain't cutting it.
Oh like you help do with the ACA.  Come on, the ACA is sinking fast because it is crap!  Replace it now before people lose their coverage.
Thank you for standing up for Washington State.
Not much different than your plan of pass it then you can read it!!
Like y'all did with Obamacare. We need something done cuz all of us you have to pay for our health care are getting screwed by u all.
You mean the way Democrats jammed OBAMACARE through by giving the lawmakers 1200 pages of a bill and voting on it the next morning? assholes
Best news I've heard today. Thanks, Senator!
Right...we need to pass it so we know what's in it?  Dems to the rescue???
Caught! Pants down   Thanks Senator Murray!
Try finding out whats going on. At the present, you know nothing.
Good outweighs the bad? You have no idea what the bad is.
Don't let it happen.
OBAMACARE, should never had happened. It's a disaster, a complete failure. For every person it helps, it hurts ten.
My favorite Tweet all day! Thanks @PattyMurray
.@PattyMurray .@SenatorCantwell .@SenWarren .@SenatorReid .@SenBobCasey .@SenatorDurbin .@BrendanNyhan .@ChelseaClinton  - Everybody listen!
lol . it's ok for democrats to pass ACA without ever reading it ,but boy you get you panties in a bunch of republicans replacing a crap law
Fight it, Patty!! Who can we call??
They want to lose their jobs and work for lobbies. Let them!
Thank you for being our voice!
Blow a goat. You need relief!
Asswipes... stealing healthcare from Americans!! Old white men!
Sounds exactly what happened 8 years ago. Many Didn't even read the bill.
Shut up hypocrite.
ACA construction: But after weeks of Senate Fin Com public hearings, the Senate neg are now an invitation-only affair in Reid's office
Don't we need to pass it, to see what's in it?
People need to remember or be reminded of this on Tuesday, November 6, 2018
Resist with all your might!!
Sounds familiar doesn't it.
gawd damn
#savetheACA #saveDoid-Frank #ImpeachTrump NOW
What do your big Pharma donors say about this?
Thanks for fighting for us Senator!!
You have made it clear that nothing Trump does will ever get any support from you.
That's GREAT news after 7 years of Obamacare I can't wait!!  Get on board Mrs KING COUNTY.
They are going to try this before Trump gets impeached same with $ for wall street don't let them senator
Jesus what's happening to us
Unacceptable!
How did Orrin respond ??
I would like to know that as well
Thank you for your work on behalf of your constituents (including me).
Only the constituents that can't think for themselves.
Make no mistake, Patty Murray, Obamacare is failing. DO SOMETHING
Repeal Obamacare now. Replacement can be fine tuned.
Thanks @PattyMurray. The #GOP has shown repeatedly that it will eschew hearings whenever possible to push its alt-facts agenda.
Wasn't it Pelosi who said you can read it after it's passed?  Should've taken your time earlier.
Just have to pass it to find out what's in it?
you might be the most disingenuous member of the Senate, problem is, you have a lot of competition on your side of the aisle.  #demhypocrisy
Hmmmmm..... Kind of like the Democrats jammed through Obamacare while exempting themselves.
Shame on you! Dems did the same thing with the disaster that is Obamacare.
And I'm not buying the arcane Machiavellian take, that Senate Republicans are doing this so larger vote fails, so they can then blame Dems.
That's because the asinine Democrats are guilty of everything.
Another insurer left Washington counties today.
Patty, is fighting for her party. Not you, not me, not the country.
Thank you Senator. I'm glad you represent me and my family
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
Healthcare only accounts for 17% of the economy. It's no big deal.
It is when it effects all Americans in the country.
Senator @clairecmc speaks with such down2earth logic that even the @senateGOP has to take notice. Should use in #resist #trumpcare ads.
What if I told you....that you were empowered to resist?   #WithholdConsent #Filibuster #ImpeachTrump
what can those of us lucky enough to have D Senators do to stop this madness?  Now not next year.  Now how can we help?
Lucky enough to have Democrat senators? Fool, they've been scamming you for years and you're all to dumb to know it.
They do better than you Democrats do.
They MUST be stopped! My votes in the future will hinge on how members of the senate vote on this!
Thank you for standing up for your constituents. Please keep pushing for a hearing. #showusthebill
you had your chance and completely blew it. Move over.
Your hypocrisy never ceases to amaze me. Tell us again the story how Obamacare passed in 2009 with full bipartisan support. #youfool
It's very disheartening to see the ACA scrapped it needs improved true. I don't understand why it's only a GOP plan & not a bipartisan plan
It's time to quit obstructing and to start representing Washington citizens.
They must be cut off! If not soon, 2018!
oh God no.
Thank you, Senator Murray! Keep fighting!
Thank you, @PattyMurray ! That video is amazing - keep shedding light on what is happening!
Trumpcare sucks. His supporters will find out when they seek medical care. Might change their demented minds
Don't worry, you'll be able to see it before it is passed unlike the Obamacare scam your party perpetrated.
Once they have done so, i hope they live to regret it. BIGLY!
And you and other responsible Senators need to stop them!
Senator, we will be listening for your input on Tuesday 6/13 at 10:00am in the HELP hearing.
While YOU deflect! YOU wasted taxpayer $$ on BS trump/Russia rhetoric! #Apologize !! #Resign you hack!!!
& @clairecmc @dnc Dems need to do TV spot to tell public about this outrageous closed process that's going to ruin their #healthcare.
And what do the useless Republican women say about this?

Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
We stand with you Patty.
at least someone's working hard Patty. You should try it sometime.
