This isn’t about politics—this is about the integrity of our elections & our national security. #Sessions
If AG #Sessions lied & misled the American people during his confirmation hearing, he should resign.
(202) 353-1555 Washington, DC DoJ comment line. Folks should call - a criminal should not be the US's lead LE officer.
What about all the stupidity?
Liar Liar.  Horrible person.  Stop trying to under mine this administration.
@sarajane3h Yes @PattyMurray, you're right. Next House hearing 3/28, and Senate Intel hearing 3/30. Special commission next.
If Hilary would have not opened up her server for the world  much of this secret stuff  would not be out there
Thank you.  Do what you can to start independent investigation.
Thank you, Patty!
As one of your constituents, I urge you to support efforts to force his resignation.Thank you. Tracee Tomich @Traceethefirst
Thank you Senator Murray.
We agree! Independent investigation needs to start now!
no one believes your stupidity. We all know your plans and support trump even more. Your party is done
we need to concentrate on making sure they get the infrastructure bill right.  Don't let them distract you with fake news
YES! And thank you for fighting for the American people and our democracy.
Lots of dems talked with the Russian Amb. were they trying to get him to help Clinton? Investigate!
you were in the same meetings Patty.  WTF!!
you need to re-evaluate your platform, and listen to ur boss: ALL people is WA. This 'Evil Russia' platform is ridiculed.
Sessions - VERY Honorable to recuse himself because of conflict.  NEVER saw that with the last administration.  Where were you?
A 3rd look now? No matter how many times you do it, same result. Look up definition of insane...MAGA...vacate office:)
Make it so!
Please get your colleagues in the House to start Impeachment proceeding!  Please!  #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Senator! This is what your constituents want from you.
@kcleland thank you! Yes! I'm a constituent! #resist
You might want to look at that splinter in your own eye before you start celebrating.
Tarmac w/AG Millions from foreign countries private server bengazi Corrupt foundation taking millions for Haiti getting none
sessions should be removed from office and prosecuted for perjury!
us we demand it. A constituent in Vancouver WA
Amen
9/11 remember that date? Sure hope so. Russia offered there help in money, labor or whatever we needed. Answer what Russia done
I'll be waiting and I know a lot so be sure to come with some truth
Agreed.  And Sessions needs to resign immediately.  #TrumpRussia
#TrumpRussiaMoney: USA gov, White House never had Russia presence: #WE sanctioned them for hacking election. Sessions #Resign
I'm confused, four men all part of Trump campaign confirmed contact with Russian officials, how many more will it take?
Sooner the better.
YES! Please make that happen!
absolutely!  This is a serious matter of national - and potentially international - security
word on the street is you're being investigated by federal law enforcement ..when are you coming clean?
ALL TRUMPWORLD HOSTS IN AG SCENARIO REPORT TO OPERATIONS FOR REPROGRAMMING. PARK NOW ON LOCKDOWN, NO EXITS
Sessions should RESIGN. PERJURY'S A CRIME. WRITING A LETTER TO EXPLAIN WOULDN'T WORK FOR ORDINARY CITIZEN
the ONLY way trump won...with the help of #putin!!! They cheated!!! #WeThePeople
yes!
why can you be like senator cantwell...  she is truly a leader.
we still want a independent investigation of Hillary Clinton!!
step into your signature sneakers and do your job.
You are a fraud. Where were your calls for integrity when AG Lynch met with Clinton while Hillary was under investigation?
Is this News? Should have been going on from election Nov 2016 Russian invasion into our election #Trumprussia
make it happen, Patty! 
People are tired of #Democrats #whining .  Let the admin begin the important work of lifting up American middle class.
they have but it's not up
Call upon @realDonaldTrump to condemn Russia attack on AMERICA'S DEMOCRACY Stricter #RUSSIANSANCTIONS  any other US Prez would!
I am your constituent and I would like to know if you will join your colleagues in calling for his resignation? You said "If"
#perjury
Obviously appreciate Democracy Call upon @realDonaldTrump CONDEMN RUSSIA ATTACK ON AMERICA'S DEMOCRACY or 1Day we may not have vote
Yes!  Please continue to report on how this investigation is being accomplished. This MUST happen.
You represent me and I stand with you. #Sessions must resign and we demand an independent commission  into #TrumpRussia
remove the If.  He should resign.  He should be forced to resign for supporting Texas' Voter ID, but Russia clinches it.
-No evidence! Shameful how some of you are treating a former colleague! And now AG. Democrats are losing again on this one!
The evidence is on video. Educate yourself.
Thank you for representing us and demanding we get a full, independent investigation. A 9/11 type Special Commission is needed.
Reading more of those Obama talking points it appears. Intel Committee often meet with friendly & non Amb. McCaskill did 8/6/15
#Sessions Yes. We need independent review
apply pressure heavily between the 5th and the 15th.  Watch what happens.
Are you asking for Sessions resignation/removal from office?  I hope so ....
@JHerbert77 there is something really wrong going on and our country is in full blown danger!
You should be ashamed of yourselves....America is watching this temper tantrum and 2018 isn't looking good for D's.
At this rate 2018 isn't looking good for America. No actions against Russia attack on AMERICA'S DEMOCRACY is RIDICULOUS
Aftr 45 was told Flynn misled VP re Ru, 45 didn't tell VP, waited @ 3wks during which time Flynn cd access classified info.Why?
And Obama telling Russia i will be more flexible after the election please tell Vlad.
Please call for his resignation. We can not have someone willing to lie under oath as our AG. #Trumprussia #Russiansessions
what we are seeing something shameful US administration are all Russian clients!!
SESSIONS MUST RESIGN!!!
.@PattyMurray Holder: Fast & Furious, Lynch Clinton tarmac meeting, 2 AG's you supported, did you call for investigations of those two?
@SenatorCantwell 100% agree, the White House & DOJ are compromised. Please get the spies out STAT! #Russiagate @HerreraBeutler
I have a funny feeling it will be hard to get the truth out of #BenedictDonald
Right

It's hilarious that democrats constantly blame Russia when Hillary Clinton sold 20% of our Uranium to Russia.

…
Absolutely Patty! You reresent me & i support you!
Do your job n ask that @jeffsessions resign
The cancer is spreading. How long will we continue to treat it with Calamine lotion?
.@PattyMurray your candidate for pres facilitated the sale of us uranium to Russia then accepted $ via the Clinton foundation from them.
that's been proven a lie.
horse crap
There's way too many "coincidences" here. We need a full independent s is not against Trump. This is FOR our national security!
He needs to be fired or resign. NO Exceptions! Fight for it Senator. Get the GOP on board.
yes please do
