my cousin went to charter school. When they got the federal money her disability was an issue. They recom'd p.s. for her needs.
Work diligently to deny her that position. Allow the education of the nation's promise, it's children, to take priority!
Freedom to choose where parents place their children beautiful thing
I hope you can stop her from destroying America's education system.
Destroying America's education system? The U.S. ranks 14th in education.However we rank 2nd in ignorance.
Trump pledged to cut waste, public schools costs 4x private schools and perform 1/4 as well.
NYC spends the most ($20,500 Per student) and is least efficient on education ..  BTW WA is ranked 25
I'm glad she wouldn't.  Parents should be able to choose what's best for their children NOT the government.
None of Trump's picks are up to any kind of standard, but DeVos? PLEASE do let her get confirmed. Education is our hope!
@LeftOfMainSt @SenSchumer unfit to serve & must be blocked!
Obama's Arne Duncan succeeded in privatizing education more than any other education secretary, smh
@BetsyDeVos wants to destroy the public ed system .. not preserve it.  PLEASE CALL THIS WHAT IT IS.
Her answer, a big fat NO!  ZERO public education experience, moving all federal $ to charter schools.  She must be stopped!
Why? Complete failure of inner city schools needs to change, not desperately preserved for additional decades
Look @Michigan. Underfunded Inner city schools w/low income families, deemed failed by tests. Ask teachers, they know.
Funding falls back to keeping status quo, not working, so change can be a *good* thing for our most needy.
Districts are sold educ. materials that don't deliver, tied w/ tests required by states. Profits over learning...
Sounds like grounds for rejection.  #devos
DeVos is unqualified. There has to be a better billionaire.
stop being a partisan hack!
that is because we have BETTER IDEAS than your sad sick ideas letting our kids down. so hide and watch!
Thank you Senator Murray, let's get someone with experience & empathy for public schools, someone like Randi Weingarten
vote "FOR" for Betsy DeVos
.@PattyMurray Thank you for demanding a straight answer! If DeVos is confirmed I believe it is a direct threat to public education.
and I believe that @SenAlexander did a terrible disservice to the American people in how he lead this hearing.
Never got a notification but I totally agree! @SenAlexander's handling of #DeVosHearing was deliberately very poor.
Betsy DeVos must have taken over the notification algorithms without knowing what an algorithm is.
.@PattyMurray She's had no experience w/ public education & @realdonaldTrump mustn't care about our schools 2 nominate unqualif @BetsyDeVos
Please put your agenda and politics behind the needs of our children.  They are suffering!!
Senators, you failed us before but please not this time.
don't pass DEVoss - #SwampCabinet
@SenSchumer That's fine, Patty, because unions ruined public education. One more reason why Trump won.
Sen.Murray you were exquisite in questioning. In OR now, I am from MI. This woman will destroy the lives of so many children.
@rachelRACH10 the fact that she answers that question (and others) with that condescending smug smile... It makes my skin crawl
she knows she's getting confirmed. And she likes that we're completely aware she aims to defund public education
still making me sick weeks later
She didn't fall into your witch hunt, she's smarter than you. Funding, like for trannies?, sanctuary colleges ? HELL NO
@trekkerteach12 will someone wipe that poop eating grin off her face!
Do not vote DeVos into Dept. Of Education . Please.
#Trump is trying to tank the government. His cabinet picks are either inept or after cash grab. #DTS was a joke.
Such a bizarre joke. He has nominated the most incompetent crew in history.
This is known as a kakistocracy. If these nominees are confirmed that's what the US will become Fri.
Amazing, the degree to which conservatives have forgotten that Russia used to appall them.
They have just embraced them as if we've been besties for years and forgotten that Romney said they are our worst for.
Dayum! Apparent she doesn't know how to say "yes" or "no" but she sure knows how to ramble on. She's a politician, right??
Not the least surprising, given her public position beforehand.
thank you! deVoss has demonstrated she is unqualified. DO NOT CONFIRM!
she has an extremist christian right agenda like most of the incoming cabinet https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/821380089359298560 …
@SenateDems +underfunded schools. Public tax $ should not go to private religious schools.
@SenateDems Our children deserve someone who actually understands education policy and wants to improve our already +
@SenateDems #BetsyDevos is an entitled clueless dolt whose nomination was based on only $$$.  A trainwreck waiting to happen. +
Thank you for your continued efforts to get to the facts on subjects that are important.  Please continue to do what you do. 
 @PattyMurray
You were excellent today FIST BUMP!
When people say the public school system is broken....Here is why.
Thank you for holding her feet to the fire. She's unfit for the job. I hope you convince enough of your colleagues to vote no
DeVos is a Repug Oligarch who wants to enact her form of Private Ed and shove Christianity down our kids throats, no thanks
please do everything you can to stop her! From your constituent
save us
@SenateDems it couldn't have been easy trying to reason with that half wit - and I doubt the next 4 yrs will be either!

@DemResistance she's is a no vote
I just watched it. She (DeVos) used that many words to say next to nothing...
@Zenzinger_AtoZ  Every teacher I know has more experience than she does! Appoint one of us!
.@ShariCrist @Zenzinger_AtoZ Grew up 30 miles from @BetsyDeVos My public Mona Shores education better than her Holland Christian #alldaylong
thank you for asking great questions, Senator!

Disgusting performance Patty!
@gullsimpression #neverBetsy throw her to the grissly bears #idiocracy
@JaynAlexndr "a yes or no answer": 41 seconds later, still no yes or no response!
F for sure
@MoJohn8510 Options are far better than a #PipelineToPrison child molestation institution w/unions to protect theREAL criminals
yeah, I'm gonna have to give those rehearsed answers 
Thank you, Senator! We need to make sure DeVos does not get confirmed. She is unqualified and does not support public schools.
She's bad news America, bad news.
and the sad thing is the perks that government officials gets from our tax dollars is ridiculous. Shame on her
Thank you
@jimetoo DeVos as Sec Ed is not going to turn out well for children's interests
All we Dems & decent sensible ppl can do is work toward swinging Congress back blue in '18
I called today to express my dissatisfaction with your pharma vote, but THANK YOU for standing for education.
Please block her and convince your colleagues to do the same. We are counting on you to save public education
thank you so much for fighting for all the people in #America we cannot put  before people it's not a good investment.
wouldn't characterize it in that way? Facts r facts but R's forget that. She wanted to BS her way thru it & not be called on it
Difference in intelligence & understanding of the issues is staggering, please keep fighting the good fight
please don't confirm this nut!
It's going to be a long four years.
NO CONFIRMATION!
@OuiConnie our public education is a mess. Especially in inner cities it's not working world has gone by us we rank to low
She's almost as "good"as @KellyannePolls at deflecting the question. She doesn't seem to realize everyone sees right through it
I need to understand why these hearings are taking place before the ethics paperwork has been reviewed???
Please don't confirm this nominee! It's outrageous.
jeez!!
Thank you for representing ALL OF US who are appalled that DeVos is even being considered!!
Hello.  ALL EDU $$ should follow the child to the PARENTS choice of schools!  End the Greedy Govco Union/ Edu monopoly!!
Mrs. DeVOS seems to be for children, their parents, and the best education that is available by what ever means.I support her.
Disqualifying. Period.
@prisonforbush DeVos can not be put in charge of our children's education. I hope enough Republicants  believe this too.NODEVOS
In Devos' defense we are going to need to set aside some serious money for Grizzly Bear prevention.
@MKlave Patty Murray for president. she's on a roll
@SenSchumer wow!!! WHAT?!?! How does the the education secretary not think they have to defend public education?!?! Crazy!
@SenatorCantwell fight de Vos, lace up those tennis shoes!
Thank you for your work and your questions. Between you and Sen. Kaine, you show Devos for what she really is. Thank you.
thanks for keeping the pressure on last night/today for extended time in these hearings - Dems pls vote no on DeVos and Price
DeVos must not be confirmed.
They want leaders they choose with money to rule America..control the middle and low income by undereducating them..
do not confirm
You're misrepresenting what she said but your partisan attack needs that narrative so I guess it makes sense.
All funding or fair share funding?
@MaryEMcGlynn NO CONFIRMATION!
she has no idea what she's talking about. @PattyMurray @dovesandletters
Question was do you promise not to take 1 cent from funding. Totally different.
nice try. she doesn't even know the federal Individuals With Disabilities Education Act exists. @Artfull01 @PattyMurray @dovesandletters
"Will you commit to this dogmatic ideal, regardless of evidence or ethics." Lol. The question of a true politician.
Thank you for going to bat for our children's education.
@SenateDems Millions of people are jobless partly because so much funding goes to failing public schools. Root causes.Imbalance
Seems that selfish people getting ~$28,000 a year per student would rather torture others than be fair & honorable.
I was referring to failing Public Schools getting thousands of dollars per student per year, of course. Absurd.
...that includes failing public charter schools that are biased in favor of illegals over African Americans. Gross.
Nobody is forgetting your Pharma vote. Corporate sellout.  Not our fault you don't understand the new reality. You work for us.
DON'T ALLOW THIS WOMAN IN PLEASE.  TERRIFYING
thank you for asking the key question & clarifying her regrettable answer. Please do NOT attend install of bogus pres on Friday
We NEED TO VOTE YOU OUT. Listen to yourself DISRESPECTFUL from a CONSTITUENT! Stop Arguing and ask REAL!
@ZephyrTeachout wow
Go get 'em Sen. Murray!
Bravo Senator, you were great! Keep it up.
please...this nominee can't be confirmed.
The funding should follow the kids to the best choice in the area.  It's time we worked for the kids and not the teachers.
Thank you, Patty Murray
85% of our students go to public schools and we are appointing a person who doesn't believe in them? She paid $200 mil to play.
it was terrifying to hear her answering your questions. She is totally unqualified
Guess kids could always go back to working in mines and sweatshops
How sad that democrats only give a damn about preserving the teachers union and could care less about education.
you are disgusting....Get over it Its called locker room talk.
VOTE NO TO DEVOS!!!
@KathleenIannone how can she suport public ed,when she never attended one in her life.
.Pls,hlp us.Why not Prs.O' reduce student loans 2principle &split it4ways, Fed,Bank,State&Student &let state lawapply. Thnks
@HillaryClinkon she's bad bad bad
Outrageous!!
@SenSchumer she is lying just like trump clear as crystal
you, Madame Senator, were a rock star last night.  Please keep fighting the good fight for our kids!
what??? Vote NO
@chestnut_daniel Go, Senator! Thank you for fighting for our schools!
@WhitfordBradley just keep smiling...
Moms in tennis shoes FTW!
vote NO
Keep asking the hard questions.
@RVAwonk Pleased to see you're trying to make up for your drug vote w Booker.
she also has an extremist Christian agenda like most of the incoming cabinet:  https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/821380089359298560 …
yikes
yes, Devos, another example of a GOP coward.
Don't let her get a hold of education!  She'll ruin it!
@EMargoNY It's congress, not the EduSec, that has power over federal appropriation; read the Constitution! #StandWithBetsy
@EMargoNY read US Constitution Article I, Sec9 Clause7 (the Approps Clause) & Article I Sec8 Clause1 (Tax and Spending Clause)
@RVAwonk our children are fucked!
@maewest80 Dear God what a robotic corporate answer! Children deserve better! This is pure BS!
Liberal indoctrination is NOT an Education.  Safe rooms are a disgrace as is leftist control over speech in our colleges.
Karen mcclusky is that you???
Why is these people can't say yes or no.
please do not confirm this woman.
hater. Would you want Meryl Streep confirmed instead?
@SenSchumer As an American, I'm terrified by Trump. As a teacher, I'm appalled by this woman.
does your ACA plan cover medication for apallness syndrome?
and great grand children and great great great great great grandchildren. Such drama you tweet
@SenateDems good
@datagoodies   Damage done now to public education will have an effect for the next 20 years of inner city decline
thank you Patty! Keep fighting the good fight- we need the Secretary of Education to support public education!
Thank you for protecting our children.
Thank you for defending public education! We're behind you @PattyMurray !
Geeeeez - she's more dangerous than DJT - this is our children she's trying to destroy.
@RVAwonk nope. @BetsyDeVos thinks EPA good education is only for the wealthy, although she obviously didn't get one.
please just say it, Dems need to take a irrefutable stand on these issues. No Silence
@ukexpat19 but she did "thank her for that question".#Unqualified #IllegitimatePeotus
so much for a yes or no answer. the smug smile really sells it.
Lieberman looks like a rat waiting for cheese, closet rep.
#BetsyDeVos #BetsyDeVosHearing sounded like a miss.america pagent answer by a child. fail. F #EducationSecretary
what's going to happen To my son?  We're so worried about healthcare mandates and now this yahoo will run education?
@summerbrennan And look at Lieberman in the background. His law firm has been pimping for Trump and his nominees.
, what's the political ground to be gained with an anti-education agenda? Just weird.
keep pushing her. Not worthy of the position.
following this closely
@Pooky_LoveRebel she is not qualified to run department
She's not even qualified to run a dept store. Another Nutcase!
@RVAwonk Self-righteous Christian zealot billionaire. Totally detached from 99.99999%
You do know Bill left himself on a dress? Is that sexual assault or are you ok with what he did?
We can't confirm her.
@PGourevitch. 0lease don't let her take away our schools as Trump puts us in WWIII
I love that "Oh, when you say it out loud like that, it doesn't sound good" moment.
@summerbrennan that are "assigned"? to them?
@summerbrennan we know
@SenSchumer the people she gave donations too will confirm her, so why support public school rich don't use them so close them
I guess I'm homeschooling until this moron is done wreaking havoc on our children.
been failing in their job to educate the students, but rural schools routinely provide a much better education to students.
It all depends on where the schools are located, inner city schools of large metropolitan areas then definitely they have
