Health care is not a right, it is a priviledge. The doctor that studied for 10 years doesn't owe anyone anything. #openabook
As a doctor in training, I can assure you that this is simply not true.
Let's have a logical debate about this then.
As to whether or not people deserve to live?
As to whether or not forced labor should be a federal power. As to whether or not social programs actually benefit society. Either or both.
Erm... Who's talking about slavery? I thought this would be logical.

And yes, social programs are shown time and again to be beneficial.
If a doctor is not allowed to bill somone at a rate which that doctor chooses determines, then this is forced labour.
Uh.. Doctors don't choose billing. That's the healthcare company they work for. Private practices are dying out.
#StandWithBabies instead. #StandForLife
you think denying Pap smears and mammograms is standing for life. Preventing cancer!??? @PattyMurray
I think forcing me to pay taxes so someone can kill a baby is wrong. You want to support #PP, write them a check, don't make me do it.
Haha! You think that the federal government giving #PP money doesn't help them offset costs and therefore do more abortions? 
It isn't about the money, its about murder. And I ain't paying for murder.
Doesn't everyone have health insurance now? Why do we need separate funding?
No they do not. They can afford to use it. And it's not been reformed. Next question.
Are you sure? those items seem pretty standard not to be covered under the ACA. If they aren’t then perhaps amending it would be an option
I know it's terrible. This is what Trump was trying to negotiate the remainder of the basic things so freedom would say yes.
catches states decide what programs to support what money they have on their own not fed subsidized? Things like glasses. Until you've
Had to go on that aid you have no idea what you don't get. How it could take months to years. Too long even for multiple tweets.
You tell em Senator Murray!
A little off topic...Is Viagra covered under most insurance?
Sisterhood brotherhood bipartisanship Nirvana
Ask Paul Ryan How Him & Walker Destroyed Families In Wisconsin. Republicans Use The Excuse Of "The Bible"!! No Conscious At All. "PATHETIC".
It shocks me still that @CNN will have @ScottWalker on because he's nuts
So true. I live in N. il. & have friends and family who have moved out of Wisc. because what Walker & Ryan have done to taxes, unions, etc..
Just saw a breaking news that the Senate Intel Committee rejected Flynn's request for immunity! WTF?????
They have the power to subpoena him
Which they should and hopefully will ViveLaR. I am so hoping all involved go down. Mr Bigly-Yuge Is Counterfeit & Always Has Been, For Years
@SarahKSilverman you guys need to man up and win!

If you wanted, take it
Do you seriously believe vp hates women....grow up....hates big gov....it's about time
I believe any person who can't speak to a woman alone in a room has issues. I ask what his chaperone has to say.
It's called respect for his wife second the libs are on a witch hunt....if he was alone in a room you would call for an investigation.
What about men Patty M? Do I get that covered too?
Step by step,they R fulfilling the Mercers&Bannons plan 2 TEAR IT ALL DOWN.They do it with help of repukes.Bastards destroying people.
As long as fetuses (and gays) exist, Republicans will continue their war on women. It's ALL about legal abortion and gay marriage
Sure would be nice to think they cared about half the population of country
This message feels tainted since it came from #DNC shill Patty
Hear Hear. Stop the war against women. Stop the war against all marginalized people.
so if you're poor you deserve to die???????
Respectfully, that is the high or rich end of the Republican beliefs, not all but the really rich. One percent.
So in other words, Never mind the other 314 million American's that can't afford to pay their deductibles to use their health insurance. 
Health clinics which do not kill pre-born babies will not lose this finding.  Stop w/your alarmist, partisan attacks.
well, any additional funding that goes to a place, even if they don't do abortions and get planned. Parenthood will have trouble.
Stop killing babies and stop appropriating my tax money to do it! 
No mammograms or prenatal care though. Get rid of abortions and you'll have nothing to worry about
Does that mean you didn't have the votes and stood firm for abortion, that is, so as to lose the other federal spending on HC?  Just asking.
Nice and misleading. Planned Parenthood does literally only abortions. That's not health care. They don't need federal funding.
If only you would wear a pussy hat more often this dream could come true.
ladies can go to a regular doctor and get bcp.  I don't need to pay for planned parenthood.
"regular doctor" if they have health insurance - what happens if not? Where's your humanity? Any sense of haves helping have-nots?
Do it ALL the time.  No one gets turned away-ever!
not a party thing. Federal gov't has no business funding pp. not what federal gov't is for. Not an "attack" on anyone.
So press screenings cancer tell thats not what the governments for preventative medicine every other country in the world is.
sorry, not good argument, but I'm sure u know that.  Not to worry, cancer screenings will continue w/o gov't!
Says right on Rep @jodyhice R of GA webpage that planned parenthood funds abortion. FYI. Watching on C-SPAN. Thank you.
PP also provides Cancer screening, mammograms, contraceptives, family planning education, STD education
I know, I was pointing out that Rep.Hice had that incorrect claim on his webpage. Since Sen Murray was fighting for it at that time.Thanks!
I am a woman, and in NO way feel attacked by Republicans. I am horribly attacked by liberal Democrats. Dems are the guilty party.
Perhaps I could take you seriously if you actually registered your account and show an icon egg or are you a Russian agent?
None of your business.
We r over $20 trlln n debt ppl! That doesn't get fixed w/o cuts to progs! Time 4 indvdl respblty kids! Uncle Sam ain't ur sugar daddy #adult
@smp0312 Republicans are fascist that's an issue , inequality is just the tip of what happening underneath Trumps rule.
And yet the left wanted to vote for a woman who took donations from countries that degrade women daily and give them no rights whatsoever
@SarahKSilverman OR GO LIVE IN THE U.S. MINT preferably  Russia!
How would these GOP men feel about a group of wmn deciding about their access to condoms and vasectomies? 
Oh can we do it and see what happens?
Actually maybe there should be a kind of ghost bill mock them. Wmn would be laughing from one end of the country to the other. 
Oh yeah here we go again! Republicans hate women?
are you hallucinating Republicans want every man & women working for a living & want every unborn baby to survive to birth!
No they need to end their party period. History has passed their mean spirited, petty, narrow minded immaturity.
They already are!
Yet so many women voted for this kind of abuse
@zackhav
Once upon a time politicians were attacking the economy of the south by trying to end slavery. Whos side would you have been on
@PPact makes a profit without federal funding so how is this an attack
@PUSHN_Democracy how you got to be a United States Senator is a total mystery.Governor Inslee Sent. Maria Cantwell. Gov. Inslee
@PUSHN_Democracy . Sarah Marie remember your elections coming up in another 4 years stop the finger-pointingor youwill be sorry
@PUSHN_Democracy are they call politicians need to quit pointing the finger at one another and get some things done .
Nope. Planned Parenthood's main service without question was mass murder. All other services are available elsewhere. Let's stop the BS.
No way! Keep your legs closed!
Your facts do not support their "reality". The health of women does not matter to them.
They've always been anti-woman.  It just seems that now they feel too powerful to bother to hide it.  A GOP vote is an anti-daughter vote.
We need female Democrats to run for office as Republicans.
@SenDeanHeller Senator, this is what you voted against.
Apparently Republicans never have unprotected sex w/ strangers, breathe air, drink water, or live on Earth. Rich old white men nothin2lose
trump and Ivanka are frauds.
Go Patty!!! We need your voice to ring loud and strong.Maybe point out to them that Trump isn't even a Republican.He's a Trumped Up Man.
Now you can see why he avoids being alone with women -- they'd likely beat him over the head.
@GOP Stand with women and families. You wouldn't be here without a woman. Think about it that way.
They should but they won't. Ever. The GOPs hatred of women is limitless.
@DrCrane72 
They are still living in the dark ages!
Yeah by all means complain about abortions but don't fund family planning for birth control. Republicans need to think before they act.
None of #45 puppets care for women as people. VP considers them objects just like #45. Women need to fight back come elections-vote the out.
What is sad is there are women who hold the same beliefs as the republicans. I cannot figure that out.
How many packets of birth control can be filled for 1 trip to the ER? Lack of preventative HC = incr ER visits. Tax payer pays w/o insurance
I don't understand this #shortsightedness. Would ppl rather pay #cancer therapy, #immune therapy & #benefits 2 support low socioec children?
Thank you @PattyMurray for standing up on behalf of all women! Keep fighting for us! We appreciate it!
Same folks that voted against the violence against women act.  Should tell you something.
Yeah, that's all a political statement that real women don't get hurt because men never do that, of course.
This is so demoralizing. I am so sorry.
Heh .@GOP and .@VP ... a reminder that your immoral decisions and actions have consequences.
The whole point is GOP is going to continue attacking everything decent about USA. What are you going to do about it?
#takeBackCongress #voteBlue #blueWave
https://twitter.com/naretevduorp/status/847513630186901504 … to all let's get this Trending and signed it's the first step in stopping GOP s War on women !!
You know you can have all the citizens in the world sign it. It is Congress, which makes that decision. Try article 25 if you want this.
After today's hearing won't take much he's done ! They are all done
This is crap!
Hey your pants are on fire cause your a liar! We know pp helped fund your campaign!
@VP ,who will not be in a room w/ women who are not his wife, gets to pull the plug on women's healthcare?
Supports 100% male reproduction?
Title X funds are not to be used for abortion.  Also, abortion is not a form of family planning.
Patty how many democrats voted against this health care in rural areas just a couple of months ago?  you need to gather  the corp dems first
We need to gather people, not parties and take a decision at a grassroots level and have that shown parties are corrupt with their own power
@SenateDems are you insane the Dems need to work together with the GOP to help get this country back on track. Are you the one?
what was the vote count? All senators voted on this? So the women R's thought this was a good idea?
@SenateDems #GOP leaders could care less about women and they have shown it at every turn and issue on that subject #Women
Patty, it is a demonstration of male hegemony on the part of many of the GOP. Since they're affluent, they see no need.
love you Senator! Thank you for standing for truth and justice
defund Trump
Yes, Republican hate women, they hate the elderly and they want to destroy the planet. They should all be in prison.
i#GOP who actually are #prolife want people having these things
@HillaryClinton junkies in Florida frauds. John "David " & Debra "Debbie " Parker .Gary & Wendy Parker. Migrant worker children
@POTUS @POTUS44 adults @Pontifex raise in atheist standards @RussiaConnects @PresidentIRL use drugs & mass 
as a form to "forgive " themselves after. Gary & Wendy
alternative church full of kids. 07 & 08 visits 
@DocYilk IRB:age girls in 20's @Bush41Library Fl©™®
@SenateDems Amen! Thank you!
Apprarently the @GOP cares less about women, cancer prevention and birth control than they care about $$ and power.
Basic health screenings also include blood pressure & other vital screenings during visits-PP DOES catch diseases & save lives.
@SenateDems Stand strong! We've got your back #resist #IStandWithPP
thank you Patty, you're incredible. glad to have someone like you working on our behalf.
GOP criticized Hillary when she was the first lady working on healthcare. Shame.
the Republicans are idiots and clearly misogynists & have not realized that women are not just allowed to keep house & children
Major GOP donors are companies that PROFIT from uninsured & not insuring people with high risk conditions.
If you have money, you can work at WH?
Go fight! It is NOT North Korean or Russia. It is America where we live in...
Dem, are you Okay with Ivnaka and Jared in the HW?
@SenateDems 
and don't forget the morning after pill to all the irresponsible kids having unprotected sex.
or were raped.
Don't you think the rape victim would get the pill at the hospital? Maybe not. It's all about taking responsibility.
Stay on the attack!
