You'd look a lot more honest if you just admit you oppose school choice for the poor and middle class. 
@PattyMurray
what exactly would school choice do for poor Americans? Charter schools are notoriously corrupt.
It would allow people to choose an education at a place other than public schools, which are notoriously awful.
right but fixing the public schools, which aren't well enough funded by the govt. would be the more logical move
That's the problem. Public schools are never, ever "fixed". Why? Because in govt, nothing succeeds like failure.
@PattyMurray
"Our schools failed the kids and parents again."

"Would more money help?"

"For sure. This time."

Ad infinitum
@PattyMurray
it's not the schools failing the kids. It's the government purposefully underfunding schools that fails the kids
The problem is always, always, ALWAYS not enough $$. My point is that parents should be able to take their kids elsewhere.
DeVos is wholly ill-prepared to lead public educators. If Republicans force this selection through, make them own it every day.
school choice and anything opposite of @uft is whats needed4 the sake of our children. @timkaine now whining. vanquished loser
apologies @timkaine ...that was @ChrisVanHollen whining not you. you all sound the same 48 just say no whiners.
AND thousands HAVEN'T CALLED YOU
VOTED OUR NEW PRESIDENT TRUMP!  SAYING! WE VOTE FOR
BETSEY DEVOS ! SHE WANTS CHILDREN' FIRST
NO MORE UNIONS!! 
MOMAS & DADDY'S DON'T WANT 
UNIONS SHOVED DOWN THERE THROAT'S ! HOW TO TEACH THERE KIDS! ITS NOT YOUR KIDS
thank you Senator for standing up for what is right.
thanks bro.
@IamBreastCancer But she's got a yacht, great for school field trips.
She's not helped Detroit school system at all. Choose your battles wisely on the others! That Gorsuch fellow seems acceptable.@pattymurray
we deserved a better Treas Sec than a crook, too.
#Mnuchin
what time is the vote! I hope senate can finally stand up and unity for the kids!
you liar
Thank you! #publicschools
I support Betty Devos 100% and so should you. Make America Great Again! #MAGA
absolutely #NoOnDeVos
Our children deserve better, so hope she does not get confirned
what can we do to get the republicans not to confirm her? I've signed the petition 2x
I have been trying to find out what makes DeVos unqualified can you send me info?
wouldn't it be more appropriate to attempt to find info that makes her QUALIFIED?!most ppl would be unqualified
What I asked for was to be informed but no reply.
she has no experience in public school. NO EXPERIENCE.
PROUD to have you as one of my state Senators! Thank you for speaking up & speaking out. WA leads the way!  #resist
I simply cannot understand how anyone can support someone so completely & objectively unqualified.
thank you thank you thank you for your leadership here
No one will join you Democrats loser to vote against DEVOS. Y'all  should be ashamed of yourselves. Y'all full of bitterness.
The majority is for her, but you don't listen and never have. You are pro-government slavery.
we are behind you 100% in rejecting DeVos. Please bring Repubs on board.to shut her out.
boohoohoo.. with real school choice there will b fewer teachers forced to pay union dues which r in turn paid to your campaign
And Millions of the group the silent majority have had enough of all liberals!
OUR SCHOOLS WILL BE DESTROYED!
As a washington resident, I would appriciate your NO vote on confirming #devos
can you pass that message on to GOP leaders who literally will not answer phones?  Lol. Glad to see it working here.
absolutely correct Senator Murray!
I think it's time you accepted and respect President Trump I voted for him as did most of the state of Washington
@djwoolverton Don't help. You're the problem.
Vote NO for DeVos
actually she is perfect and will be confirmed
thank you for your leadership
#devos will make a great Education Secretary!
For FOX news
THANK YOU!!
When we lose Fed funding what can you lie to us about why we lost it and why we should not recall you?
stop being an obstructionist and do your damn job. Can't wait until this state goes red!
You were elected by the people of Eastern Wa. Not western Wa. Act like it ! And remember we are millions not thousands!!!
You suk #TERMLIMITS !
And it won't make a difference :)
why are US schools the worst amoug advanced nations but we spend the most

Watch this video and shudder... #StopDeVos https://twitter.com/FedUpWNarcissts/status/826104193979207680 …
is a traitor to Washington and her party. She with similarly minded democrats will destroy their party. Yeah!
LMFAO......u got one thing right....parents, teachers and students deserve better than what the past got them; DeVos is my pick
What a gross misquote about guns in schools!! You obviously have no problem skewing the truth in order to suit your needs! 
do u understand how angry Dems are? Dems expect u to obstruct all the way! Make us proud & do it vote NO
please look into reports that Betsy DeVos and team are paying for emails tone sent to senators to approve confirmation.
Sounds like you're butter about her wealth... Jealousy does not become you!
And would you please knick it off about @realDonaldTrump taxes! Kinda hard to anything while being audited! Seriously! 
Watching you on the Senate floor right now and hearing nothing but lies! You all had plenty of time to ask questions!
please keep fighting! I have been 35 years a public school  teacher..DeVos would be catastrophic
our future leaders deserve better. If teachers have to be educated so dose DeVos. This was a token Job for her donations to 45.
I am 66 years old, And Democrat 50 years ago loved America, Today Democrats are more like the Nazi's of the 30's
DeVos is the Best for Americas Children, VOTE DeVos
people are afraid of change!
No more government control school! Your pockets lined you are backing unions and NOT students! You must STEP DOWN now!Disgrace!
Did your children go to failing public schools...NOT! I bet your children had a GREAT ed....children should all have a CHOICE!
People love choice in schooling and the always hungry teachers' unions hate it.  Less immigration = better schools. @BetsyDeVos
not an argument
I vote Republican, I voted for President Trump.  I see you are not representing me, but causing trouble
great speech from the floor!
Teachers unions are ruining our education system, its time for a change, today's schools don't work for all kids.
Love seeing you lead the charge - keep fighting for Washingtonians. Stop DeVos, Sessions, Pruitt - all entirely unqualified
#Devos will be a great secretary of education.
Hey, how proud are we of our WA AG and governor!!
thanks for support against Devos, low funding, excessive mandates & testing hinders pub ed. #DumpDevos
it doesnt matter what you thin, it matters what our dear leaders think is best for the unwashed masses.
did Murray listen to the ones who arent opposed, or she simply disregard us?
Thank you for your courageous pushback against this lame nominee!
Wrong.  You're listening to the teachers union.  Do what's best for our kids. Born and unborn.
Between @realDonaldTrump disparaging #Berkeley this week & #DeVos history it is too clear they want to undermine US public ed.
thank you for your words during the 6:30 AM Cloture Vote for Betsy DeVos - I and my students thank you!
need to find one more GOPer to help us out. Know any?
Kids are being fed #globalist agenda rhetoric. Their learning is stifled by common core. Admin costs R above education. #Change
I am a voting constituent and I support your opposition to Betsy DeVos' confirmation. Thank you for fighting for our kids.
Colorado Friends...Apparently Gardner may flip on DeVos CALL NOW -

Pueblo Phone: (719) 543-1324
Absolutely. Stop her any way possible.  She knows zero about education, but has billions trump's only criteria..
What about the rest of his nominees? What have you heard about them and how will you vote? #resist
I'm voicing my concern as well. VOTE TO APPROVE Devos!
....plz do all you can do stop DeVos#grossly unqualified.
Thank you for trying to stop her and I don't even have children.
It is a very good thing you have the west side slaves in Your pocket.  Here on the east side would have had you fired years ago
you mean your union donors are lighting up the lines. Not the taxpayers you are supposed to represent.
this wld end if senators were appointed by state legislators as the founding fathers originally intended
not bought by donors/lobbyists. Convention of the states maybe? Term limits as a minimum. Your constituent,
- Thanks for opposing DeVos.
you are doing a good job and Washingtonians are proud of you! Thank you. I know you must be exhausted.
you cannot be trusted-temp. refugee ban was implied by Schumer during Paris-cant trust you bout this nomination now-sad
I watched you this morning. Teacher to teacher thank you for trying.
Thank you so much for listening!  Thank you for standing up for what is right.
hi
Your not going to stop change! Dumbing down our students keep them unable to fully comprehend the dangers our leaders put us in
@ZoeKissane17 This entire administration is an embarrassment and a failure!
Thank you Patty! Looking forward to seeing back in Washington.
thank you for standing up for WA kids and families, Senator Murray.
They deserve a DeVos. Teachers in my family for years. It is all about the $, but there are excellent teachers in Pub. Schools.
How many have called in to voice support? Are you not a Senator for "all" of the people? #YeahRight
Thank you for voting against her appointment. We need you to block @TrumpDraws at every opportunity.
They wouldn't approve a secretary of defense that only had private sector experience, would they? Or no knowledge of concepts?
I tried to call--but your phone line was down.
