Families in WA & across the country will make their voices heard & force Republicans to work with Democrats on a tax plan that puts working families & middle class first.
Working people get shaft as always.
Indeed. But somehow most Trump fans seem to not understand basic economics and why this is a bad idea. It's rehashed trickle-down.
I love it when people who think they are smarter than President Trump have all the answers, what a joke. The only thing u got is obstruct
I've been able to read since 2, had college level comprehension at 9, and spent 20 years between government & MS work. I know I'm smarter.
You just may be smarter than I, Mr. Nokes, but I have something far greater than just intelligence.Typical liberal so full of themselves.
After visiting your Twitter feed, I now feel sorry for you and hope you find what your looking for, Good luck.
As regards intelligence I was referring to Trump. Also why do you feel sorry for me? Just curious.
Don't you get tired of writing the same old crap, day in day out, if you Dems are so smart, why didn't you fix this when you had the house &
Patty—everyone will feel tax relief with this cut!!   Please support it.  America needs it!!   Middle Class Miracle!!
She won't Doc, POLITIC PATTY doesnt get paid under the GOP plan...
Now that's funny, but true
Seems they have lost the concept of fiscal responsibility, with an increased debt ceiling and a burdening national dedt.
Thanks to mr obummer
LIAR!!
Obama’s reference to “taxes” were corrupt extortion of grocery stores, universities, even libraries by his corrupt cronies —
Obama was deep in bed with drug cartel’s professional sex trafficking units - they were SO smooth in following me, the sex slave to sell -
- to sell lurid sexualized pics of me —    by threatening violence if the stores don’t buy & forced the stores to sell porn pics of slave
Obama tortured me with this game where the dollar value of the groceries I buy, become the percentage of what the store makes Obama takes
Obama himself does not physically come to take them but like at Macy’s recently, a man acting & walking like Obama cane to take a hi %
Besides the AfroAmerican criminal gangs created by Obama (never before seen in this part of Calif), Obama feeds Hispanic sex traffickers.
Some Hispanic sex traffickers are deeply in bed with police, judges, lawyers who control all avenues of reporting their crimes & corruption.
If anyone reports their corruption, they will falsify testimonies, plant evidence to make their victim look corrupt.
That is funny because Trump supporters will be hurt the most by this new tax plan!  Not surprised.
His supporters are in the same tax bracket as the left! Seriously
thank you!!
No it is not. Please stop lying to the people! You are part of the ones that makes the money off of lobbiests! Do not listen to her and read
When you say "biggest corporations", do you mean largest employers?
Still need to see trumps tax returns to determine how much this will help him personally . I bet that trump is the Biggest winner here.
Maybe Washington state can legalize another drug to collect more revenue!
Easy for you to say, as long as your State is overwhelmed with jobs

More money in their pocket means more money for deserving raises
8years with Obama and you guys did what?
You only care about illegals, not Americans
just as we all anticipated!
are we surprised?
Don't let him do that to us please
STOP YOUR CLASS WARFARE! Remove Taxpayer TEET from Sacred Cow Dem Entitlement spending. Reduce Debt! Do Hard Work Now! #TaxReformForALL
Ugh.  Your response...as usual, is predictable, mindless and mundane.  Articulate your reasons for dissent with supporting information. Cantwell will probably copy and paste your tweet and post. You two have been wasting our time for too long.
That COMMUNIST IDEA. Give to people a fish don"t teach how to catch mentality is killing the ability to tkink big and put people on welfare.
Yes tax cut to the entitlement vote payola!
More of the same? Like the past 27 years you have been in office more of the same? What’s different from what Democrats have been doing?
LIAR!
Who pays the most in taxes? Of course, the very same you demagogue against - you don’t make the poor rich by making the rich poor
Corporations paying 35% in America when world average is 22% makes US non-competitive.
Give us tax breaks straight across and let us grow our businesses and buy into U.S. Products & keep it out of your grubby hands
Tax breaks for your so called "wealthy" so you can vote yourselves another raise for doing not an f-n thing ?
RT @realDonaldTrump RE: #TaxReform YOU FAILED because you didn't address/fix the ROOT PROBLEM: BIG CORPORATIONS' TAX EVASION and FRAUD. #USA
Thank you Senator for always protecting Washington citizens.
Why are the wealthy Republican so selfish. I know us poor people are stupid to you smart people but it's enough really it is
Grow up time
Because the poor have nothing to offer the @GOP
The only tax cut I need is to repeal the individual mandate and make it retroactive. Obama care sucks.
Sometimes you've got to give them breaks to keep them producing jobs.
RT @realDonaldTrump The @GOP in cahoots with Big Corporations on #HealthcareBill & #TaxReform will screw #WeThePeople and Your Agenda. #USA
#GOP in cahoots? ACA guarantees insurance company profits with tax payer funds. Which GOP rep or senator voted for the ACA? Oh, insurance companies are ‘large corporations’ to be clear.
RT @realDonaldTrump Once again like #FullRepeal #Trump screws #Americans & #WeThePeople on #taxes & sells out to the Big Corporations. #USA
RT @realDonaldTrump #WeThePeople #TaxPlan req. changes: Ind & Sm Bus Flat Tax 10% (keep all deductions); Corp. Flat Tax 15% (No Deductions).
RT @realDonaldTrump @SenSchumer The #American People require both their Federal and State itemized Deductions (all) with no exceptions. #USA
No it isn't.  As a constituent, I urge you to vote for it.
I can't believe how you think! Truth is you don't. You are just a puppet for Chuck Schumer. Chucky pulls the strings and you speak. SWAMP
You should be happy
such a typical republican thing, who says trump isn't a republican...?
#TaxCuts
So what tax plan would you recommend Senator? How will you help the people that you represent? How would you help with the marriage penalty
Plz go do your job we have heard this story before you all need to work together and get things fixed that's why we pay you
I can't wait to give all my employees raises after I am paying less taxes! They will make more 2 ways. A raise, and paying less taxes!!!!
#keepyomoney
Reach across the aisle and find a middle ground.
No. It isn’t.
And taking taxes from the rest of us is theft if you don't manage it correctly @SenateDems
So you're saying you don't want a tax break Patty? Since you and the rest of congress are the 1% you say you hate? #Hypocrite #TermLimits
AND YOU VOTED YOURSELFS EXEMPT FROM THAT GARBAGE ACA WE GET STUCK PAYING THOUGH THE $%\ FOR NO CARE
We all should be asking het why she's making money from big pharmaceutical companies.....she could care less about the taxpayer's
true
What a surprise from Trump Cabal. Human value is monetary. The 1% rule. Really folks, we need to take our country back. Now.
It's about creating an environment for more jobs, salary growth.  Which produces a wider tax base.
Shame!!
Just as I expected
Why don't you just admit you'll never be ok with anything the right does, which is why your call for bipartisanship is a farce
Surprise!
Just keep preaching your same old crap it's too old and we've heard it before
Why don't you demorat asses give up taxpayer subsidies for healthcare and pay your own way, that's a tax cut for citizens
Stop lying. I hate the misconceptions you obstructionist Dems throw around.
And a distraction from the fact that the problem for most people is stagnant income.
Which would be addressed be a better tax code.
You don't see any benefit at all to everyone paying less taxes and businesses using THEIR money to hire more or pay more?
I'm so surprised  Shocked even 
Maybe there shouldn't be a tax cut now. It doesn't make sense. Our government will need to rebuild after this mistake. Rebuild ACA too
No surprise here...guess you will need to get to work!
Senator, why is Congress even talking about tax cuts, we're about to spend several hundred billion in hurricane relief and reconstruction.
Time to fire the @GOP employer- stop buying the stuff they make
...says the Soros puppet
UNDER PATTY MURRAY AND DEMOCRATS/OBAMA THE MIDDLE CLASS GOT SQUASHED, DEMS HAVE NO PLAN
UNDER PATTY MURRAY AND BARACK OBAMA THE WEALTHY GOT WEALTHIER    DEMS KEEP OBSTRUCTING PROGRESS BC THEY HATE POTUS
u never cared about the middle class and poor before why start now
Don't you ever agree to anything that's why you damn Dems screw everything up like Obummer care, that has hurt this country you own it.
Vote YES on tax reform (we know you never met a tax you didn't like!)
Wow, is this low hanging fruit/platitudes day in the office? How about some meaningful communication? What's next
"GOP bad- Dems good". Try!
Smart, follow the Venezuela plan tax the rich and corporations. Oh wait they left the country and took their money with them.
Exactly
Where is your plan? #Crickets 25 years is too long, time for you to go.
Principled Progressives are well aware any tax deal will involve democratic votes and we're watching...!   ;-)
#TrumpTaxScam
Sounds like it Dems mockingbird!
Easy Hip, think you hit too much of the sativa this AM...

If your lookin for PATTY to help...nope...
Not a surprise what a hypocrite none of these politicians give a crap about the taxpayers they just keep getting richer

And you believed them?..you actually believe the dems are fighting FOR YOU? Please...
Congratulations!! You 1%ers win again then #HYPOCRISY
So, what recourse do we have? Phone calls?
No, just give patty more $$
Then all those wealthy, whiney, disrespectful athletes who've unjustly achieved the American Dream will have something else to kvetch about.
WHAT?!@?!?!?

YOU'RE A LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We have to do a really good job of explaining the problems with their plan.
Yea, working together would be too much of a hassle...if you wonder what the problem w/ the world is...look in the mirror...
I looked, and OMG, I saw you! Very creepy.
A yuuge gift is 400 million$ from the Kochs if they pass it.
Sadly
Ok,  let's go flat rate then
