I've said b4, if PLANNED Parenthood in Berkeley didn't exist I'd have children, b on welfare #childfree #GOP #women #healthcare #choices 
Or you could have made better life choices before getting pregnant. #liberallogic
Boom!  Nailed it.
Baby killer. And you are proud of it. No place in haven for you...
Thank you House Republicans.  Ladies practice abstaining.  Realize and respect your sacredness and power to create life.
How is it guns can't be regulated, but women can? #WarOnWomen
Take responsibility for your sexual actions instead of killing babies.
Think women should stand up and go after mens reproductive rights,see how fast they backpedal,Grab Them By Thes
Men don't have choices
Women have all the choices
Not on our watch!
Abortion is not reproductive rights. Everyone has the right to reproduce.
So it's not okay to say NO to abortions but is IS okay to make everyone pay for it. #LiberalLogic
So are drugs, illegals voting, and high taxes. All products of #socialism.  You have a potty mouth....
I don't give a rat's ass if a lady gets an abortion, its between her and God, I just don't want to pay for it! Defund planned parenthood!!!!
Lol, your lies don’t work anymore. Dems just don’t win anymore and hopefully never will again.
Its my body I will do what I please. Now why do they want us focused on this. What are tbey doing that they dont want us to know about?
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP GOP targets women & Texas women now have highest infant mortality due to no Planned Parenthood! #gopmustgo
Not on our watch!




Pro-life #Republican Rep. Tim Murphy allegedly urged "HIS MISTRESS" to get an abortion http://www.post-gazette.com/news/politics-nation/2017/10/03/rep-tim-Murphy-pro-life-sought-abortion-affair-shannon-edwards-susan-mosychuk-pennsylvania-chief-of-staff-congress-emails-texts/stories/201710030018 … … @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain
My, aren't you are a remarkably hypocritical person. To be fair, the majority of congress is as well.@SenateGOP @SenateDems @realDonaldTrump
The usual its for the people but not "the elite". 
Men should not have a say on women's reproductive rights.
If men had babies, do you think there would be any anti-abortion laws at all? NOOOOOOOOOOO!
Of course, there would be.  Sex is for reproduction.  Do not want to create life, don't have sex.
As ever, opposition is as dumb as they come
If you don't know in 5 months that you don't want a baby, then all decision making skills should be revoked---I'm Pro Choice
Should probably know whether you want a baby or not before you have sex.
So, it's about controlling others, not the fetus.  Also, @Wild_Bill316 rated 10/10 as a #putintroll or #putinbot :

https://makeadverbsgreatagain.us/mlp/ 
Before you make a statement like that, perhaps answer where you stand on gun control and free speech?
1)  My statement was in reply to Wild Bill's comment about a person's sex life.
2)  I'm not going to play the conflation game with anyone.
1.I was included in the tweet. 
2.In regards to controlling people, it was a valid question. Carry on..
At least you weren't blocked.  i can only seeyour reply's
I'll be blocked, next, I suppose. *shrugs*
You do nothing but complain. No wonder congress has an approval rating in the teens. The complaints come from both sides.
NOT ON OUR WATCH 
Thank you Senator @PattyMurray. I missed this one. Could you add link or bill number? Want to fight back. Thanks!
.@PattyMurray @DrDinD --->
Shouldn't she be dropping a fetus.
The Handmaid's Tale brought to life. Even women of Congress aren't spared, of either Party, shut out of key decision making.
As we shall be soon, after the Republicans succeed in their takeover and consolidation of wealth and power in their hands
Stop crying about guns, the states with the toughest bans have the highest crime
Thank you for bringing attention to this injustice - white hypocrites forcing abortion on their mistresses then voting against choice...Sad!
So much ignorance in so little words. Check the abortion rates per income. Abortion is population control for the masses.
Why are the @GOP so set on making laws regarding the inside of MY body when they don't give a shit about the outside of my body?
#Resistance
Women's choice is prior to conception!!  In any case that life has a right to life, to its first breath.  Wiping out life is not an option.
this is of the utmost importance for the women of America.. don't let them pass this!
TY @PattyMurray
PROTEST!!! take it to the streets, say NOT ON OUR WATCH!!! I say this to all the marchers.
If it's a right... then why must someone be compensated?
59 dead, countless injured, infrastructure broken, growing poverty, joblessness, 48 in Orlando, oh and 20 innocent children in Sandy Hook
And these Vampires of indifference have the gall to vote against women's rights and say they are pro-life? They are only Pro- Death
It's about the control and the greed.   https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-ceo-pay-versus-typical-worker/ …
BS Patty, cut the crap. Move on.
Not on my watch!

@HouseGOP We see you, evil tools. We will not forget, will not forgive. #Republicanshame
Tell those Republicans to start packing. They will be leaving soon.
It may be me, but I dont think men have the right to vote on anything dealing w/reproductive rights. How would men feel if it was reversed?
If they can control women's reproductive Rights, why can't they control men's??? Clip, clip.
Not on my watch!
No
Hmmm #MassMurder is wrong & you condemn guns But #PattyMurray is OK w/ Abortionof UnbornBabies Over 20Wks HYPOCRITICAL
Definitely not. Not letting a bunch of old white male hypocrites dictate what to do with anything on my body. PERIOD
@keriRN @EnigmaNetxx @Progress4OHIO1 @rini6 @KimberleAllen @AmazonianGal127 @Da1PoliticalV
House Republicans just voted—yet again—on another harmful attack on women’s reproductive rights. RT if you are ready say “not on our watch!”
Yeah finally no genicide
GOP Pro-life hypocrisy:
#sexism = #Fascism = @GOP
20 weeks are 5th month of pregancy. I favor this time period. If you want to abort, so it in the first 3 mons!
RT!
You're not getting re-elected "on our watch" #nitwit
Ms. Murray. THANK YOU. We will fight @gop attacks on women’s Heath are again. People who understand SUPPORT YOU.
Understand what? That it's cool to exterminate human life? ! You're a hypocrite! Same dude wants guns banned - but it's OK to kill babies??
Francisco, we will clearly not agree. U r stubborn, &cant open ur mind. You think a fetus is a person but ur ok with enabling mass murder.
Ok. Facts dude. 3,200 abortions per DAY in the US. Let's talk when you really understand humanity and compassion.
People don’t realize it drives frightened daughters into back alleys with catheters!
Men should stay out of that arena.  We can't reproduce shit, so we should remain silent
So glad you're my Senator, ma'am!
Abortion is murder
#NotOnOurWatch
Bunch of old white men trying to keep women barefoot and pregnant and out of power structure and slaves to them
Yes ... stay vigilant #TrumpIsAMoron @maddow @tedlieu @HillaryClinton @SenWarren @womensmarch
I don't care what side of this issue you are on, if you don't help kids here already born you are not a Christian.
 Matthew 25:45
These Hypocrites don't care about abortions they care about their voting base of ignorant morons
Is this what GOP means about smaller government in our lives?
Not on our watch!
Why don't we attack their irresponsible organs?? They can grope, sexually abuse, invade women's rights & nobody attack theirs???
Legislation eliminates abortions after 20 weeks of life. Explain how killing a viable baby 20 weeks in is a reproductive right.
I understand that Tim Murphy, who asked his girl friend to get an abortion voted for it. Way to go, hypocrite pig!
Seriously? I hate these attackes on women and their rights. If GOP had their way, we'd be housebound and dependent on men.
We can't have any common sense gun laws, but they continually seek to legislate womens' bodies and rights. #Shameful #GiveBackBloodMoney 
Just one more thing we will reverse when we rid ourselves of this terrorist group.
What is it with these phony lying nut jobs? They don’t care about other kids.Take away  rights, then take awayrights.
After all it’s only fair. The conservatives are always spouting off about their rights.
Could you please pass a bill that female reproductive health cannot be a topic for Congress. So much time and money wasted every session.
Must vote these hideous people out of office!!!
Are you f'ing kidding me? I am not anti-abortion, but abortion after 20 weeks, if it is not related to health of mother or baby, is MURDER!
Devils advocate: what if at 18 or 19 weeks the baby is found to be unviable but not a threat to the mother carrying it to term. That’s ok? Should be forced to carry her non-viable fetus to term? Sounds pretty heartless to me.
Now you are being ridiculous! Too many women including a friend of  have a late term abortion's because they just can't make up their minds!
It’s not ridiculous. These things can and do happen. A woman who can’t make up her mind is sad. Clearly not counseled properly. But, it’s still her right, her body. I’m not pro-abortion either, btw. Make it illegal more women die.
It is not just her body. It would not be illegal if health is at risk!
Support single payer patty
But of course they are! While AMERICANS die from everything else they support or ignore!
Not on our watch
Patty you disgust me.
Doesn't babies have a right to live and not be murdered for monetary gain?
If you support #MedicareForAll, we'll know better that you're sincere in your concern. @SenSanders' bill repeals the Hyde Amendment.
@pattymurray "Thou shalt not kill"
@pattymurray what about babies right not to be dismembered and kille
Or perhaps they voted to not kill babies who have been proven to feel pain at that stage of their development.
WIN! finally they are doin something
Killings babies are barbaric, no more money or privilege to destroy life
Harmful attack?  So it’s ok to kill? Hypocrite.
Kill babies is a crime, stop the murderers
Can’t go back....
Not on our watch. Women gave the right to choose or abort.
I have come to the realization that Republicans are not humans.
Shameful, these attacks on women's reproductive rights - let women decide. If you are a christian why not instead focus on #gunviolence?
What changes are made to access to viagra?
Sticking their heads in the womb http://again.You  old crusty farts
What is wrong with these stupid people ? 
Not on our watch!
They voted 2 protect innocent children. If you don't want 2 be a mother,use effective birth control beforehand. Oh, by the way, I'm a woman.
I, a patriotic citizen, had worse than no reproductive rights under Obama who ordered rape to incriminate & cover his corrupt war crimes —
I WILL PROVE BOTH ASSERTIONS - ALL OF U SAW THE FETUSES ORDERED INSEMINATED BY OBAMA, WHICH DOCTOR CLAIMED NEVER EXISTED.
THE RAPE, SEX SLAVERY, SEX ABUSES WERE ORDERED BECAUSE HE KNEW I ABHORRED THEM-& MY MOTHER & I SUFFERED FROM HER WAR SCARS FROM WORLD WAR II
AND THOSE EXTREMELY PRIVATE FACTS WERE NOT WHAT I USUALLY CONFIDE WITH ANYONE; OBAMA LIED THAT HE’s FOR RACIAL EQUALITY, PEACE & POUNDED
Best news I've heard all day. 
They can't stop women from getting an abortion. If they can't do it legally, they'll find a way to do it illegally. This can be devastating.
I was hoping with this logic when I went to your page it wasn’t going to be full of gun control posts. But sigh. #disappointed
I see nothing wrong with gun control posts.
They can't stop people from getting guns. If they can't do it legally, they'll find a way to do it illegally. This can be devastating.
See what I did there?

Sad they'll stick their nose in women's business, but won't lift a finger about the gun problem, even after another 58 people were killed.
I don't like Republicans messing with women's rights and health Women's Health is important to our nation
Don't lecture me about gun violence when you support the mass murder of millions of unborn babies.
Good bye Planned Parenthood. You are good for nothing!
Planned Parenthood is good 4 lowcost confidential reproductive services like - contraception , STI test, breast exam, PAP tests, & HIV test
I'm sick of tweeting issues,congress needs to stop this-we've a President that colluded-then made EO&Supreme Court while being investigated

RT "keep your legs closed"
A right to privacy re med hx/choices I have to make for my health in no way should have less respect than my other constitutional rights.
what about the infants. too bad your mother didn't choose planned parenthood
Republicans are a one trick pony.
Tell them "now is not the time" for a discussion on abortion control - after all, some woman somewhere has just made a choice.
SO SAD.
I'm with you liberals, women belong in the kitchen!
What about the reproductive rights, of women, that you so willingly deny?
So over it....less government oversight unless it’s my uterus....time to vagina up and vote them out!

Civils Rights meaningless..Monk case = ZERO legal charging docs...Constitution= toilet paper 9th Circuit. Judge James M. Ideman crooked too
#ReproductiveRights 
#IStandWithPP 
#TakingAmericaBACKWARDS
#VoteGOPOut
VOTE! VOTE! VOTE!!
Killing babies in the womb is NOT a reproductive right. It is a wrong called murder. One day you will answer to God for promoting this evil.
Yes- and we no longer screen for cervical cancer annually, even with an HPV epidemic, where are the protests to that I wonder- #bothsidessuck
Actually they are representing those you refuse to acknowledge as people!
Do what you want, just don't expect me to pay for it.
Surprising they didn’t hide silencer legalization in there
Hey, that's my username so I have to retweet it, right?
So glad their moving the federal government out of the health care circus in which it should have never been involved in the first place.
Abortion is a constitutional right and they have chipped away at it in so many sneaky ways that the it’s practically illegal again. Vote.
Which article? I must've missed it.
A very polite way of making a boldfaced lie.
Lets be honest republicans are working on an agenda to move our govt into communism and this is a start.  Controlling the actions of others
And they are starting with women because we are the weaker target.  When law makers find it is okay for the speaker of house to be aware
Of trumps collusion with russia and it be recorded and no one does a damn thing about it there is nothing to taking a woman's right to
Healthcare.  With that in mind republicans are going to take all of our rights freedoms and security and congress supports them. We lost
They want to change the values of Americans through legislation. It didn’t work before. Back alley abortions abound, numerous deaths. WTF?
#NoAbortionBan women already have the right to say NO to sex ! pregnancy is preventable..... sex has consequences (stop abortion now)
Yes, fight this fight with us and for us
attack on woman ?? How about babies @19 weeks ??  Yes on my watch 20 weeks is still not acceptable but we will take it .
no guns no tears
Your voters so stupid they do not ask for the bill number .....not saying a lot about the opposition
Not on our Watch!
Tax payers should NOT pay for abortions!! Take some personal responsibility for your OWN choices! Libs have such a sense of entitlement! 
Busy restricting women while white men indiscriminately kill hundreds and "Nothing we can do about that"
What the hell is the difference??? Killing is killing whether your white, black, woman or a man!
Simmer down lady. Abortion isn't murder. The other one is.
Not a chance toots! And Abortion is absolutely MURDER!
Yeah. A fetus that can't live outside of the womb is worth more than an actual person. Cuz that's what you're saying.
They will never give up, but we will persist!
Maybe they ate just trying to lower the murder raste of preborn children?
All of you in congress are a waste, voting u all out is going to be so satisfying!!!
It is NOT the appropriate time for the GOP to rush legislation through while the nation is grieving. It's time to talk guns

Today is a proud day ! One step closer for tiny humans to have rights. Next is the replacing the Supreme Court justice .
Yes! #MedicareForAll oh.. wait sorry forgot you don't support that.
What a non sequitur
Patty. What a friend of Satan. How can you?  As a woman?  Do you have kids?  Do you tell them murdering is ok?  Crushing the skull to remove
Why does our government hate women so much? Why do we spend so much time telling women what they can’t do with our bodies?
You'll call it anything but what it is. Cutting a live baby to pieces to remove it. discarding in the dumpster or selling its living parts
One day you will answer to god and I pray for your soul because each life is granted by him and your helping to snuff them out
Your not fit to be a senator. Your just as bad as a mass murderer. You fund these killing fields and make them possible
Murdering innocent babies. Slicing them to pieces crushing the skulls to remove them
Either both are ok or neither. Your a hypocrite
Almost 2 million babies who feel pain are murdered in the USA each year. You call that choice?  Did the gunman have choice to shoot people?
It is sad that there are more regulations on women's body than on guns!!! GOPs need to get their heads out of their butt!
Simply not true!!
You think it's ok to rip a baby into pieces in the womb and to sell the baby parts?  You are sick
Senate Democrats and GOP (who are still sensible will listen to reason) need to unite and VOTE NO!
The GOP must be stopped They want to control women but not guns Pathetic and despicable #VoteThemOut #GetTheMoneyOutOfPolitics #StopTheGOP
Fight this.
What a joke.  If they aren’t trying to kill healthcare, investigate Hillary or vote on abortion they serve no purpose for humanity.
Abortion is a harmful attack on a baby's productive rights RT as u will u don't need me or this used up wind bag telling u what to do
Babies don't have reproductive rights. Women do. Men don't have a say. Besides those same men do zero for these babies once they are born.
Slaves & women didn't have rights at 1X either should we go back to that or was it rt to progress as a country. BTW lots of us do our part
Of course it's right to progress our country. Abortion legislation has already been passed. If anything, this moves progress backward.
Nope and it was decreed by judges in robes not passed as legislation

Ya ya your pro infanticide we know ...  One trick pony like all evil dems...  you'd like gun control if you could save 1 child. Hypocrite.
Ie they want to ban the killing of children after 20 weeks. Whoever uses euphemisms has lost the argument.
A woman should always have the right to end another human's life. #Abortion
CHIP funding?  Disaster relief?  Obamacare cost sharing sibsidies?  DACA?  budget?  They've got a full calendar of useful stuff to do.

War on women
How does killing thousands of future women help their reproductive rights?
Bot.
Everyone who says something you don't like, you call a bot. Hello miss troll!
BOT
Separation of church and state. ENFORCE IT
I'm confused how banning late term abortions unless the result of rape/incest or to protect woman's life is an attack on women
So you’re siding with the Russians now? You just lost a supporter.
Nicholas is an obvious bot.
Good job @GOP! Just say no to murder
Im watching back to CLOSE HANGER LAW.....
I stand with @PattyMurray
The same monsters who just like 9 million kids - kids - lose their health insurance. #Hypocrites  #ImpeachTrump
So you folks are FOR killing pain capable fetuses. Huh. Science only counts - sometimes?

between this & taking HC from 9m kids this should be seen as an act of war on it's own ppl by congress & I don't mean symbolically.
GOP is a terrorist group!
People need to vote. The House R caucus is batshit crazy. If crap like this ends up in the Senate we’re doomed.
Govote take someone with you
I'm afraid it's going to take a long time before these men wake up.
They aren't ever going to wake up. This is where & what they've wanted.
I'm afraid you're right.
