why are you wasting our tax money on This?  You need to fix problems not create more. Get to work or resign.
DeVos is the problem she's trying to fix. DeVos is corrupt and totally unqualified.
in what way? And be specific.
http://bfy.tw/9xL4 
Yes, the fight is over. You lost. Put on your big girl pants and start working on actual education reform. Quit whining.
You/Your kids lost too. You just don't realize it yet.
"our kids" have been losing. The time for band-aids and half measures has passed. Murray needs to step aside.
DeVos has 0 qualifications & was only considered bc of massive donations. She's only going to make things worse
Look at it this way: it can't possibly get much worse.
Famous fucking last words
walk in my daughters shoes and IEP kids for 12 mths then you can talk too me about Education! This wonderful common core edu.
this common core edu that public school make IEP kids takes away the No child left behind act away! My daughter went to private
Please keep fighting! I know it must be exhausting but we are counting on you! -your constituent in Tacoma
I just can't comprehend how  thousands on constituents expressing opposition could be ignored. Beyond belief!
While you're defending current system, explain how Jeff. Mid. School students barely meet expectations. https://tinyurl.com/grjza9k 
what about Common core edu it has no taking the No left Behind Child act away! For kids that have an IEP can't do these test...
thank you for working tirelessly for American families and education. Proud to have you representing our home state of WA.
Patty here you are CRYING again. That is what you Facist LIBERALS do BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!
we must become a united front of educators and parents that continuously put pressure on fighting DeVos. This is wrong!
dam straight it's not over!
It is over. What are you going to do about it? Cry like a baby that didn't get its way?
For gawd's sake get a new play book!! She didn't get annointed to a monarchy.. democracy still lives dumbass.
before u trot out the "libtard" insult.. I was a Republican for 34 yrs. Watched GOP destruct for 10+ yrs. He was the last straw
oh yeah..went to private school up 2 HS..public school almost literally saved my life. Will fight her on that every step
My political view, is that you are way to dumpie looking.
with all due respect sir, you aren't looking too stylish yourself. Why go there?
ditto, bimbo
Now you've actually heard the people. We need change not more unions, rubber stamp diplomas, silly bathroom rules #YESONDeVos
over!
Thank you for your championship #Devos #Sessions
Interesting....The Senators (including 2 GOP) that opposed DeVos represent 36 million more people than the Senators who supported her.
that is not senator patty murray
my bad, I like the senator-democrats are making me hella proud-GodsSpeed to them all
Madeline Albright used this line for years to applause. Do you see now why it was always silly?  #DeVos
Keep fighting, Senator. I intend to do the same.
thanks for listening to us
your Party has no message, no plan, no power, no clue! Get over yourself!
Kids have been losing the last 8 years, wake up! We welcome change to a system that broke long ago...
How kids losing in just last 8 years? Poor & minority kids been losing forever. Poverty & racism.DeVos doesn't care
You're damn right this isn't over. She won't Gordon Gecko our public schools. We're ready for constant protests over her.
at some point don't the protester resources get stretched thin?  It's going to be a long four years for you.
thanks 4 your concern. No, we're rearranging our lives around constant activism & protests. Enjoy!
penalties for protests that overtax law enforcement are coming, make sure @DrJillStein is in charge of campaign money.
I'm sure you'll be there to run us over, David. God Bless America
no need for violence, it's more entertaining to watch the implosion as more disenfranchised left exit stage right.
Thank you.
ahhh, how is it not over? Dems failed to stop the least qualified cabinet member in history.
the fight is over you lost.  The American people finally are winning again. Get use to it.  You can't stop Trump, thank god.
Common Core is the Communist Core in China. We must go back to tried and true basics.
Bill Gates and Common Core: 101 - 5 Minute Breakdown With Dr. Duke Pesta
Uhhhhhh, yes it is!
Keep up the fight Patty!
oh yes it is you just need enough money
Thank you for fighting this nomination.
You are out of touch. You, Maxine Waters, and Nancy Pelosi  need to be evaluated for competency.
Is #Devos "the best of the best"? At least as close to it as you are- surely you don't think you're better qualified?
yeah it is and you LOST! It was over when trump won the election, now quit crying.
thank you, senator Murray
What next? Besides waiting 4 yrs and 6 yrs for my senators to come up for re-election? Tell me what I can do, what WE can do!
Thank you for your hardwork. We just have to keep going.
Thanks for fighting and trying so hard, Senator! We won't give up!
HOW will you ensure that #DeVos fully enforces #TitleIX especially as it pertains to sexual violence/harassment?
- Constituent
I wish you, just once, would speak for me, Senator. Or even answer my emails. Not all of your constituents want party politics.
Thanks for caring about our next generation and for standing up for what is right. Keep up the good fight. #proudwashingtonian
Thank you for your tireless dedication against these outrageous nominees!  Proud to be Washingtonian &  you represent us!!
Thank you, thank you, thank you for your continued #advocacy for children and their #education
thank you for your work and dedication!
thank you for standing up for our kids!
Today the will of the American people who voted for Trump was respected. God bless President Trump, VP Pence and Betsy DeVos.
And it not just vouchers-it's school loans, special ed. , grants, higher ed., separation of church and state
THANK YOU SENATOR.  #indivisiblewashington #resist
Thank you for voting your conscience!!!!
Thanks @PattyMurray for your heartfelt support! Teachers, parents & students stand w/you for quality public schools regardless of zipcode
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
Thank you for all your hard work. Even Repub.constituents didn't want her, and their senators ignored them. Payback later.
Senator, there is the issue of influence peddling - DeVos reportedly donated money to Repubs who voted for her.
Correction:  "The Democrats parents, teachers and alienated students ..."
so glad I live in WA, I trusted both my senators to make the right choice. Too bad I can't vote out those who didn't.
@SenatorCantwell Yep. it's over. Elections have consequences. BTW how is WA paying for Medicaid now that Fed funding is over?
Thank you for trying. We will remember your colleagues in the @SenateGOP who ignored us. Their senate seat is #OurChoice.
Thank you for voting NO! This registered voter will not forget! #fightthegoodfight
I just don't understand. Does congress need to approve guns in schools, disability act, public school defund
@KathyMaland3 good points tobad 50 senators thought #StopDeVos was a GOOD idea! Thx senators.....WAIT TILL MID-TERMS!
thank you
THNAK YOU so much for fighting for us.

Keep fighting for as long as you can.
"Elections have consequences"
@bklynmike3 ah - you lost - what are real next steps as opposed to just saying it's not over?
thank u I watched vote in of DeVos and I was appalled at the yes' thank you for all you tried for our kids 
God bless you & @TheDemocrats @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski
thank you for fighting!
Can a minority force an investigation of her financial influence on @senategop? Go after her, please!!!
*we* must continue to fight for our country. Not Trump1950* envision.
#resist
Thank you Sen @PattyMurray for your hard work and dedication on behalf of #WA educators and children #resist 
I appreciate your commitment and work on this.  Thank you!
Thank you, @PattyMurray.
Between this and the FCC blocking Internet companies attempt to assist low income families--how does this help our youth?
Until we address the unequal funding of public schools through property taxes, we'll always educate the poorest most poorly
Thanks for your hard work on this.  Truly.
I want to weep.  What has happened to our country?  I thought that the voices of citizens mattered.
Your silly "fight" is over and you lost. Again. Send a love letter to Harry Reid for me for blowing up the filibuster rule.
Nice sentiment, but you shoulda thought about that before you stabbed Bernie in the back against will of your citizens.
Thank you, Senator Murray, for relentlessly fighting for our children.
Thanks Senator Murray. Hoping you can protect our children's education at a state level, and not give DeVos an inch.
.@PattyMurray
NO WORDS for how much I love this gif!
Thank you Harry Reid.
Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
Trump and his entire cabinet are a disgrace. Keep fighting.
we constituents are WITH YOU. Fight on, ever more fiercely. We will too.
oh it's over by the time the new adimst takes over in 4 yrs it will be too late. U whtpp voted for this new world order
I would like to believe that. However I see no strength in your party anymore. And re-electing old faces gives me no hope.

Well, if DeVos sucks at being Secretary of Education she will join every single past secretary at doing a suck job.
doesn't feel like it. Too many corrupt senators that were obviously paid off. Senators for pay. Another sad day for USA.
Yes, Please don't give up fighting DeVos and her corrupt and inept policies. We will support all Senators who #FightDeVos.
thank you Senator.
