But Antifa is a okay. Got it.
So when antifa threw bricks at me that wasnt another side?  When a BLM "black nationalist" killed 5 Dallas cops that wasn't another side? FU
I've only ever seen Antifa attack Nazis. Were you by any chance marching with a bunch of Nazis? If so, perhaps you might want to reconsider
Antifa labels all conservatives as "Nazis", regardless of race or beliefs.
What was the name of the organization that committed the Holocaust? Was it #Antifas or #Nazis? Because that's kind of a big defining feature
So if a group calls themselves Antifa and acts like Nazis it's ok because their name is different?
"Act like Nazis"; see, I've yet to see Antifa calling for an ethnic cleansing. Meanwhile, Nazis still call for killing non-whites even today
They aren't fighting Nazis. They're just labeling their political enemies as such and committing violence against them.
Are you trying to tell.me with a straight face that the guys holding swastika flags, saluting, and chanting "Blood and Soil" aren't Nazis?
DEMS cannot run and hide from their history of being slave holders before the civil war and kkk. no matter what they do.  facts are facts.
And fiction is fiction. 160 years ago the parties were totally different.
Heck, 75 years ago they were totally different. @stocktradr needs to read up on the Southern Strategy.
Democrats in Manifesto days (1956) were still Jim Crow supporting conservatives. Southern strategy started in 1963.
I don't know about that. VP Gore has done a lot to bring attention to global warming. I don't think that's pathetic
What about anti-fa, BLM, they advocate death and destruction, and you on the left prop them up, why is that?
If you're opposing anti-fascists, then why do you implicitly support fascists? That's all Antifa is opposed to, just like our grandparents

Did you know you can make a document say whatever you want and print it out? Got a news source for that even being real?
Regardless of who made it, it is who they are. Fighters for the right side of history don't wear masks. Are you an Antifa member? Seems u 
Wait, so if someone tells you a thing, you'll believe it regardless? Will you believe me if I show you documents of hookers peeing on Trump?
Also, masks come in and out of popularity in warfare. See for example these "wrong side of history" US soldiers
That would be a miracle Senator.
@PattyMurray join me in reaching out to WA Rep. @HerreraBeutler: ask that she renounce Trump's reckless, abhorrent enabling of the Alt-Right
I am so increasingly alarmed at #45 and the current administration. I can't even express my anger, He is starting WWIII and a Civil War.
HE had NOTHING to do with it!! Clearly, the left wing nut jobs trying to violently control everyone and everything. Time to PUSH back!!!
He is at best mentally compromised and at worst a hateful treasonous violent misogynistic xenophobe #25thAmendmentNow.
#Impeach
Why don't you run for President?! Not!!!
Thank you Patty! Now, how will Washington state protect its vulnerable populations from the hate groups he inspired today?
Paaaalease!! Such a short memory! There has been TONS of violence and destruction in Seattle recently!! ALL done by the righteous LEFT!
Courtesy @aj_macready
KOOKADOO!! Lol!!

One trick pony!!

But you are okay with "pigs in blanket, fry like bacon" BLM and "shut down conservative talk personalities" like antifa in Berkley. Got it!
You mean the BLM that is opposed to homicidal and unchecked cops, and the Antifa that tried to prevent a Nazi from spewing his hate?
Color it any way you like, but a spade is a spade! BLM and ANTIFA are both violent and driven by HATE!! Not deniable!!
Antifa hate fascists, fascists hate anyone who isn't white. Simple as that. Do you have trouble comparing molehills and mountains?
Where is your condemnation for antifa rioters and Blm cop killers? Democrats are the party of hate and division.
Uhmmmm u forgot antifa
are you saying its ok to be violent if your right? I saw violence on both sides even @nytimes had to admit violence on both sides
'https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/c/embed/8f8951a2-8831-11e7-96a7-d178cf3524eb …'
Fooey
He did.
But he won't not now or ever. Why are people wasting their time
So.....how about that impeachment?
The trolls avoid actual discussion by attempting to divert with foolish rebuttals. Naziism nearly destroyed all freedom. We fought it & won.
The democrats started the KKK.
@PattyMurray WA most succesful slave driver.
Get your eye prescription checked, turn up your hearing aids and get back on those meds Senator. Oh, and resign. #IdiotStick
Wrong as usual, Patty. Anti-Fa is the Left's extreme hate group.
Denounce them or Embrace them.
@POTUS denounced ALL hate.
Party supremists also have attacked your constituents over voting. I hope you address this with our other wa reps.-ppl attacked for voting!
Please add antifa due to their beating up wa citizens for their vote after election. Your constituents were bloodied, you must protect us.
What about black lives matters, black panther party, antifa? Oh that's right, they are all democrat votes. Keeping forgetting that
Dems must press  legislation for fair equal vote, justice, taxes,healthcare!!
How many times exactly? He has already said it.
One side? 
Step out of Washington and join the earthlings once in awhile geeeeze!!
What if the cops did they killed we're the ones that were supposed to protect you?

https://youtu.be/N2ssZ01R2LQ 

He says specifically Nazi are bad.
At the 2 minute mark he wants love amongst
He had
Be the hero we elected you to be. @realDonaldTrump has put our nation in danger with his incompetence and failed moral compass. #impeach
You snowflakes are the problem with this country. Trump is stating the obvious facts in the manner and the liberal media is going nuts
He has
Nov '16, voted for you& voted for President @realDonaldTrump. I regret that vote for you, partisan hack. It won't happen again. Bank on that
He did!
Until you add Antifa and BLM to the statement there are 2 sides.  The crazy far right and crazy far left belong together not in our country.
He did you hate instigating manipulator
Instead he said some of them are "very fine people." He's willfully dividing the nation. Please invoke 25th amend. He's dangerous to us all.
Witch hunt. Nothing more. Hateful Ness against our president. I'll stand by him thank you!
Two hate groups in one area. One legally with the right to assemble. The other wanting to prevent them from their right of free speach.
I voted for Donald Trump and I am not a white supremacist. Do not impeach my president. Respect by vote.
Patty, I may get bounced from twitter for this, but the Pres did denounce those groups. You're a fool.
He did Patty. My goodness, can't you read?
agreed. is there anyway we can put Teump in a mental hospital? Jail? Impeachment?
Maybe you should learn how to spell before directing people to a mental hospital
He has said that many times, but the left will never admit it! You are an embarrassment to this WA voter! Take your tennis & GO HOME!
If he doesn't say that, I expect you to demand censure.
Senator Murray  Please defend our country against racism, hatred & division.  Impeach Trump and remove him from office.
Senator it's time for the president to be removed by the 25th amendment. Please fight for that.

When does this end? Each day we dig deeper in ugliness. This seems very intentional from my view. Trump needs to be removed, not censured!
What abt communism?  U ok with their hate? They killed 10 million of my ppl...take down Lenin statue. https://fremont.com/about/lenin/ 
That is so true
ALL BECAUSE OBAMA SET UP COUNTLESS POLITICAL LANDMINES -- FOR PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES -- JUST LIKE OBAMA DID FOR DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE
THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH CHOOSING THE MORALLY SUPERIOR ACT - FOR A PRESIDENT FROM OUTSIDE THE GOVERNMENT WITH LITTLE  EXPERIENCE -- IS DAUNTING
ALSO BECAUSE OF OBAMA'S SUPERIOR KNOWLEDGE OF CONSTITUTIONAL LAWS & METICULOUS CRAFTING ILLEGAL SCAMS -- ACCORDING TO-- LOOPHOLES
THOSE CRIMES SHOULD FAIRLY BE UNDER BIVENS -- WERE THE SCOTUS NOT BEEN SCAMMED WITH MUCH FALSE CLASSIFIED INTEL
THEREFORE, THERE IS A LEGAL LIABILITY CONCERN, COST CONCERN, FOR TRUMP TO REACT HONESTLY & DECLASSIFY OBAMA'S LONG LIST OF CRIMES
THE DILEMMA IS THIS: THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH INHERITED TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS OF COMPENSATION DUE FROM OBAMA ILLEGAL SCAMS ON AMERICANS -& WORLD
AND ADMIT THE ROLE THAT ILLEGAL OBAMA SCAM IN CREATING THESE PROTESTS THAT PUT EXEC BRANCH OF USA IN A DILEMMA
Dems have a duty to admit that Obama showed heil hitler gesture,created by NSA &misappropriated it to his sex slave to distract from torture
Give 'em hell
Ok. Neither Trump nor Bannon can be this stupid. What is this cover fire distracting us from? Russia? N. Korea? Some $$ corruption?
You said nothing about BLM violence
And you need to listen to what he said
Excusing them and finding fine ppl among them violates his oath and not working for all. Thank you for your work!
You right
President  Trump walks his own trail.  I like that.  Senator Murray could never say that.
Neither do the fascist "anti-fascist" groups you support.
The weakness of his statements reminds me of the argument regarding rape nfimh caused by the choice of clothes.
Christian leaders like @JoelOsteen have been eerily quiet, don't you think??
Pretty sure he said that.
You need to get off your ass and get that maniac out of the WH. Shame on you for putting party over country. #DoSomethingGOP
We all know this
And you and your colleagues need to begin impeachment proceedings to rid the White House of the nazi sympathizer occupying it.
Absolutely! There's a reason Nazi flag and salute banned in Germany also every where memorializes the loss of life and students taught hx!
Our society also needs to step up and speak clearly
Breaking: We don't give a shit what he says - it's who he is. Investigate, indict, impeach, remove. Understand?
That's  right patty
Hey Patty? Why does Seattle have a statue of the father of communism (Lenin) and why haven't u called for its removal? Millions dead
Patty  Hillary  PRAISED  KKK Sen Robert Byrd (D)  "He's My MENTOR ~ WILL YOU DENOUNCE @HillaryClinton 
Why don't you condemn ALL hate groups? You should. But you only condemn the Right. That implies you support hate groups that support you.
I presume you mean to include Antifa, BLM and all the left wing hate groups too, RIGHT????
Sooo Patty... what about the hate groups on your side... THE one side... BLM? ANTIFA? These 2 violent groups vote DEM yet U R silent. Why?
But Black Lives Matter is ok.  Got it.  I assume the same applies to Beyonce's Black Panthers?  5 officers dead, Dallas... Balance that.
Yes
The Hon.President Donald J. Trump did mention them by name at least. I do also believe there's hate on both sides. We must unify as one.
Thank you for calling out our President. This cannot stand.
Only V Putin can make him say that. That's the only one person he hold aligiance to.
Black Lives Matter is also violent.
Lead us out of this freak show
Withhold Federal funds from state, cities that don't remove confederate statues, symbols from government & public properties
Why did you leave out #Antifa ?!?!!? Why did you leave out #BLM?!?!!?

Wow, #CluelessinSeattle
ANTIFA is not ok. You are a joke, Patsy.
He did.  He added in ALL hate groups such as BLM who killed 5 cops last year, or alt left threatening violence/death canceling google rally.
TERM LIMITS!!!
No affirnation of nominations until investigations are concluded.
No, there is BLM, antifa, alt left, LGBT, and snowflakes. Of course the Demoncratic Party of the Kenyan(Satan)
Please stand up for America and speak out against Trumps remarks in NY yesterday
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Here is your own hate group Pat....Your Alt-Left Night Walkers. Own it lady! Didn't you, Dems, say fight in the streets?
Problem is, Senator, Donald does not roll that way. TS Eliot wrote about "the beast" "slouching toward Bethlemem" http://www.potw.org/archive/potw351.html …
So who attacked all these people Pat?
Don't count on it! It's time for him to step down or be impeached.
Are you hateful liberals deaf? Trump has been saying that from beginning. You just twist his words to stir up trouble. OPEN YOUR EARS.
Needs to. And held accountable for are two different issues. We need to deal w/ the 2nd.
The other side had no right to come there to cause trouble. That's what he is saying.
What about BLM, kill cops, Obama & Hillary in Benghazi let ambassador and seals die. Can people remove this from History? History is History
Please demand that your GOP colleagues also state the obvious and then get to work on impeachment
Pretty sure there are more sides...
RIGHT ON SENATOR MURRAY!!!
Congress needs to stop tweeting and start DOING something #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNow
No idiot there were two sets of people fighting and they both deserve blame, plain and simple.
He did. You were not listening
Past time to Impeach the Nazi-in-chief
He will not say it because he IS one of them!
Freedom of speech and freedom of beliefs is always welcome in America. The speech we hate most, is the speech we should protect. #freedom
@POTUS did yesterday was pointing out obvious when will Liberal MSM & DemocRats Denounce the leftist paid for by SOROS Anarchists? DENOUNCE
Censure him!!
Really? Just one side?
Ignore the weapons and hoods right?
Patty it is amazing how you can manipulate the system and make millions of dollars and be so stupid
No, trump needs to step down and you need to assist him with that. ASAP!
YOUR NOT A PATRIOT, PATRIOTS DON'T ATTACK THE PRESIDENCY OF THIS COUNTRY JUST BECAUSE YOU DON'T THINK THEY SHOULD OF WON THE PRESIDENCY.
you need to remove him as President immediately before there's Civil War
AND WHAT ARE YOU WHEN YOU GO AGAINST THE CITIZENS OF THE COUNTRY? YAH THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
No, we need a president that actually believes it. He said it Mon. Tues we saw his true heart and soul.
YOU'RE ONE OF THE DUMBEST POLITICIANS IN THIS COUNTRY.
Have you heard of CAROL SWAIN ? SOUNDS LIKE YOU HAVE NOT.... PATTY MURRAY YOU NEED TO SHUT YOUR MOUTH FOR BEING SO IGNORANT!!
And you need to tell us what you're doing with big Pharma!
Problem is he doesn't believe it & even his remarks on Monday came across as insincere. Sad to have to say that about the sitting president.
Actually the President needs to believe that which is the problem.
President Trump already said that several times. When will @TheDemocrats apologize for their part in slavery. Stop killing babies?
The hate professed by you and your ilk caused the attempted assassination of Republican Congressmen.  How do you sleep?#Liberalhatekills
Constituent though I am, the old narcissist occupying 1600 Pennsylvania Ave will never say that willingly. he owned the "Birther" crap.
Is the United States still a free country or not.  Time for you to retire if you don't think ALL have the same rights.
Patty Murray you are wrong! I deplore them as well, but they have rights too!!! And its your JOB to protect EVERYONE's rights.
But Antifa and BLM have a place with their beating, rioting and burning? Have U called them out? Violence in whatever form shld be condemned
U must've missed the dudes dressed like ninjas that came to fight. They're on ur side. And oh yes the KKK is also Democrat.
He won't. It's clear he shared his real feelings. Thanks for the great job you do for WA. Barb in Everett
Would you please go tell @cathymcmorris to wake up?
Agree Patty
Which side goes to Seattle every year and does massive amounts of damage. Is that the peaceful fluffy antifa?
How has the senate not moved to remove this lunatic from office?  Why?  Why are you allowing this?
And YOU need to clearly demand the removal of Bannon, Miller and Gorka from the WH and GOP Administration!!!
He also needs to mean it.
That's your problem. There is NOT one side. Hatred is wrong but both sides are wrong. Free speech. Legal demonstration
He is not a racist.. Whats your job other than a Pot Stirrer?  Stop grasping for straws and do your damn job
No Senator, he just needs to go. It doesn't matter what he says any longer after today. He can not be rehabilitated. He must be impeached
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
Patty, lead. THIS. MUST. STOP.
POTUS needs to believe they're evil b4 he can say it. He doesn't. DEMs & GOP need to work together to find US a viable leader. #45 imploding
Even if he did, would we buy it? He lies and he is hateful. What he says means nothing.
Too late for trump to say anything redeeming. Time for him to retire to a nice mental hospital. #TrumpsterFire
Our President did say that.
He said what he thinks: They are on = moral ground with demonstrators for tolerance. Words in the face of evil=empty. #ImpeachTrump now.
@docmks trump might say all that but it's clear he doesn't believe it. Has been clear for quite some time now...
I don't understand what you're saying @Martina. What doesn't Trump believe?
if he were to say that the alt right etc have no place here- he would would be lying,
Gotcha. He's clearly allied with the white supremacists. His admin is full of "alt right"; we knew that back in the campaign.
This man is so unfit to be President, Senator, what can you all do? This will get much worse before it gets better.
