first of all HOW THE #%& DID HAVING SEX ever get mandatoried for HEALTH coverage; YOURE NOT SICK... 2nd STATES CAN ABSOLUTELY STILL provide
and birth control is a medical condition how?
That's AWESOME! If I had 1 wish, those pricks would never get laid again ever!!  But they would be so thirsty
What else is new? Women and children always get thrown under the bus first. Bet they won't end coverage of Viagra.
What is the matter with these people? Do they hate women so much?
No one pays for me.
No I have a job
Sexism alive and well...UNBELIEVABLE! Try again GOP...
Haven't read it but Can't be worse than Obamacare#TERMLIMTES
Can you imagine how these old men's eyes will pop when they meet St Peter and find out that God is a woman?  Karma!
Why should I be forced to pay for your birth control?
The bill would no longer allow Obamacare to violate religious freedom. Stop telling lies Patty.
Maybe people can actually pay their own birth control pills , it's cheap folks .. Jobs would help instead of tax payers paying for everyone.
How about every sexually active man pays half the cost of a woman's birth control?
How about a woman keep her legs closed...
How about guys keep their dicks in their pants.
I think that's a two way street unless their gay..
EXACTLY why both men and women should foot the bill. Takes 2 to tango.
Should men subsidize women's healthcare premiums? I'm not understanding of course women pay more women get pregnant women use birthcontrol
How do you think women get pregnant? Divine conception? Are all men celibate? Men need to pay their share.
Pay their share? That is what marriage, paternity suits and family court is for.
Ouch. Sounds like you got burned.
Nope happily married for 21 yrs but don't play like there aren't laws to keep men responsible heck u usually get the children
Sadly too many deadbeat dads. 21 yrs is fantastic. Rare these days.
good, why do I have to pay for your birth control?  Buy it yourself, it's cheap.  Healthcare is not a right.
Not cheap educate yourself. Why shldn’t be covered benefit-men have sex too unless I’m mistaken in how all these women are getting pregnant.
I still have to pay for my condoms... time for you to pay for your benefits too... not my job to buy it for you.
You Democrats are skewing as usual. You are really referring to Planned Parenthood which has no business taking our tax money for abortions.
U & Your Party have placed this Yoke around our Necks! 4me & my wife that are perfectly healthy pay $1,200 a month 4HC #GoingBK ThanksPatty
It's called being responsible/get a job! Highly doubt woman of age don't have the capability 2deal w/there BC. Taxpayers shouldn't have 2Pay
So your saying; Those That work & pay more for their HC (when perfectly healthy) than their Morgage that prescription coverage won't cover?
That's Perfect!! Why are Hardworking People paying for BirthControl and Abortion!! Women and Men need to Grow up and stop being stupid!
should we pay for birth control or abortion women should have the right to say NO to sex if a woman cant control her sex drive her problem
Shocker
Get it together and stop this! Stop playing to the donor's insanity. They are Not elected officials. I am furious with All of You!
This is insanity! You either pay now. by covering birth control or pay later if you don't. The economic costs to women are enormous!
Was that change made to try to buy off @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins ? Seems counterintuitive, but then, what's new?
Buy a condom
This just keeps getting worse.
Totes believable.
@LindseyGrahamSC must have never suffered any illness. Mom, dad, grandparents for centuries never had an issue either.  Seems narrow minded.
Thanks for your work senator
@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @robportman @RandPaul @SenCapito Put people before party and #VoteNoGrahamCassidy #KillTheBill
Wtf @IvankaTrump
Why pay for benefits we don't need? I can't have children, therefore don't need maternity/birth control. Wasted money in so many places.
So Insurance reform is what we need, not healthcare. Take profiteering out of those companies & taxpayers would save a lot.
Those are choices.  It's not a broken arm or gallbladder surgery.  We don't pay for cosmetic surgery either
Why do you all want other Americans to pay for your birth control and your abortions. Time to take responsibility for your actions
Be living in that basement on that hill I mean really do they forget how hard it was when their wives were pregnant
Good!  That's a feature
No being a women is treated like pre existing condition
Oh we believe it these men hate women I have no idea why there wives put up with them they'd definitely be living
How does everything these people do starts off bad and ends up worse? They are horrible at empathy but adept at greed. That's the problem.
It's horrifying to watch this @SenateGOP make each revision of #trumpcare worse, then bribe & buy votes all for self-preservation. @saveACA
Of course I believe it! .@LindseyGrahamSC
VOTE NO.           KILL THE REPEAL         THERE IS NO BILL.
So no birth control coverage = more babies born without pre natal care NOT COVERED and checkups and immunizations NOT COVERED = death

Bet the @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr protected their viagra - god forbid they can't get it up.
Scary.......
GOP members who claim to be anti-abortion *and* obstruct access to contraceptives are insanely hypocritical.
Bet Viagra & Cealis will be covered though. #NoGrahamCassidy #GOPWarOnWomen
Oh, I believe it, women have never been a priority, or even a consideration with republicans
If you really cared about healthcare and people you would support #singlepayer
How about we do away with anything to do with the prostate, viagra & any other man parts.  Give them some duct tape & wish them luck.
Didn't think it was possible to be worse, but GOP never disappoints.
GOP JUST DOESN'T KNOW 1ST THING ABOUT HEALTHCARE!  NO HUMANITY! CRAZY=DOING SAMETHING AND EXPECTING DIFF RESULT!
The misogyny is strong with the @SenateGOP
I believe it. This bill will harm Americans. Heartless, mean, inAmerican. #GOP
We can always believe they will make things worse b/c their primary desired outcome is a simple win, not making things better
That's not a big surprise conservatives are trying to force women into pregnancy, they want to keep up the white population
Then stop covering viagra. #worstbillever. #KillGrahamCassidy
Probably will be the same states that will make pregnancy a pre-existing condition.
#OtherPeoplesMoney
Let me guess....Viagra is covered? #enoughalready
Please don't call it Trumpcare. This & many republicans are smart enough 2 know that he has zero input or capacity to understand its content
I expect the same for #Viagra #Cialis taken by, what I expect is A LOT of,  @SenateGOP ? I AM ASKING A SERIOUS QUESTION? #WomenWantToKnow
!
It's astounding @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins have to even think about this! I am appalled!
They have unlimited healthcare that we pay for. #harshreality -our government uses us for our money to line their pockets. thats it.
I can't stand to look at them anymore! They have the "R" after their name & I should've listened to my gut that they're just like the rest
And they don't care!! It's sickening how they think this is a game when people's lives are literally at stake. I am ashamed of this country
Same. I have no idea how these people look at themselves in the mirror every day. They're truly disgusting.
Of course it is.  All these rich old white men want to control female sexuality. But don't you DARE touch their right to buy Viagra!
Why I got the vapors. Lindsey Graham not understanding a woman's gynecological necessities? How can that be?
Women can pay for their own birth control control pills, I had to, why can't these snowflakes these days pay?   Defund Planned Parenthood 2
Sure!
Even more scary! Who do we still need to call and encourage to vote NO!?!?
I fervently hope Senators Collins and Murkowski don't fall for the bribes being tossed their way.
S. 1804 would allow federal dollars to be used for abortions! Please co-sponsor it so that ALL women have access to reproductive healthcare!
#FakeLeader ... does nothing.
Here I fixed it for you–I'm sure you meant to direct that response to: @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy
Are we surprised? No.
Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
