This is an opportunity to show people across the country the United States Senate can listen to them. That their voices matter. #NoOnDeVos
This is a time for Senators to show that kids, families, their futures are above loyalty to a Party or a President. #NoOnDeVos
For most people, public education hits close to home. It’s part of who we are. So many of us owe everything we have to public education.
When someone was nominated to lead our Education Department who knows so little about public education, people made their voices heard.
Hundreds of thousands of people across the country are calling, emailing their Senators—& joining protests in their communities. #NoOnDeVos
Murray finished this debate where it started. Standing with students, with parents, with teachers, and #NoOnDeVos.

Thank You for voting no on DeVos, and for your valiant efforts on the Senate floor. I'm a proud constituent from 98155.
You all look like complete fools!! #draintheswamp #TermLimits
I call for Democrats to quit be obstructionist's.
Soerry, GOP will have to wait on that until DEMs have obstructed as long as they did to Obama.
As the left obstructed and trashed President George W. Bush.
wasted time and money! You better hop on the Train because we on roller! #SoreLoser!
just imagine how many potential Democrat Senators were aborted you wouldn't have this problem then.
I told your office too but: Thank you so much for voting no on DeVos and leading the charge against her. You are a rock star!
LOSERS!HAHAHAHHA  #CrookedMurray #CrookedHillary ♡♡♡♡
thank you for standing up. We remember
Quit your crying Patty, DeVos is in!  Now our kids will get a good education!
Thank you for working so hard on behalf of students. Hold Republicans responsible daily for confirming the unqualified DeVos.
Yet another lost cause. Maybe change your approach? Maybe argue facts, points & counter points, instead of fear mongering?
Thank you for leading fight. Now Sessions, Pruitt, Price, Pudzer, etc. No one end to it.
believe it or not, I don't like this.  Education should be non-partisan.  In particular this is where should come together.
Breaking (12:31 PM EST): Trump's Education nominee DeVos confirmed as Pence casts historic tiebreaking vote!
RIGHT won, you lose. The children will now have RIGHT!
I am appalled at the lack of voice we have in Congress and Senate. We have to do better. Thank your for the good fight Patty
Thank you Sen. Murray, you have the admiration and gratitude of so many.
Thank you Senator, good fight.
Thank you for your hard work.
thank you for fighting for us. I was proud to watch you defend and plead for the no votes.
I dont know how we can ever repay you all for this hardwork.
you tried but now the dirty deed is done
thank you for your efforts. Despite the fact that as a teacher & mother I feel defeated, I know we can't give up!  #resist
123 #LM
Appreciate the resistance to this unacceptable nominee.  As a constituent, will not forget your support.
thank you Senator for putting children first.  Didn't get the results we wanted but we will continue to fight on their behave
We asked theDems not to lie down on issues like the DeVos confirmation. You fought to the death and that is the way from now on
.@PattyMurray Thank you for working so hard for our children. I am sorry to see the GOP put personal gain above our future.
it was a good try. Thank you for standing up for our kids
Thank you for being the leader of this effort.  The @SenateGOP will answer to their constituent's students at the next election
Thank you Senator Murray.  We appreciate your efforts. We are not done #Forthechildren
How come you 'cooperate' with nuts like Ryan etc? You screwed over your supporters!!!
thank you and the @SenateDems for fighting.
#DeVos will be confirmed, and education will be back in the hands of the people.  Not Liberal unions.
it's a useless exercise.  The Dems blew it after treating Reps like their input didn't count.  Now the roles are reversed.
@GOP there are other more qualified people out there! Let's try to join in the middle. She is NOT a good choice for our kids!
let's get that one more vote!
Thanks for your efforts, no matter how it turns out.
it looks like we will never learn #45Sucks
No matter the outcome Thank You for fighting. Keep Strong
I commend you for leading the charge. I've left messages, tweeted, emailed & Facebook'd Az's @SenJohnMcCain & @SenFlakeStaff
Thank you Senator!
.@PattyMurray just hold the floor for another 72 hours. How much do you care? Got to work for it.
thank you!
telling sherf .State Lev. about apply assetforftr, am writing as i listen, Please look into this.TY Sen. You have been noticed.
#UnitedWeWillStand and We ask "YOU" Senator Patty Murray. You have Common Sense! PLEASE! Vote NO for Betsy DeVos Failures of PE
Can't believe there isn't a GOP Sen with a kid/grandkid with ASD who knows DeVos is bad for IDEA.
. @PattyMurray Which Two should we contact? Who cares about our country and kids more than party?
I've been contacting @senrobportman for weeks but he is ignoring his constituents begging him to vote NO on DeVos. #nodevos
Thank you Senator Patty Murray for voting #NoOnDevos
Thanks for your hard work encouraging #VoteNoDevos #resist
Thank you Senator Murray. Thank you for holding the floor in the name of our children and their future. You are appreciated.
Guessed your gonna show up for this one
THANK YOU @PattyMurray. @GOP please understand this isn't about partisanship it's about all of our kids! @DeVos charter model is a FAILURE.
Watched your final plea, and as a mom of 2 public school kids who need IDEA protections, I thank you!
Sad so many Republicans are willing to vote against their conscience and against the best interests of children and education
Thank you for standing up for public education and kids.
thank you! You make me proud to live in WA :)
Step aside, Senator. You've been in the way long enough.
You are a hero for the children. Thank for holding the floor. #VoteNoDevos
You have worked so hard for this and I appreciate all you have done. I have called everyone on every list and await the outcome
Thank you for holding the floor!!!
