DENIED.  UNANIMOUS.  PER CURIUM.
@KING5Seattle really, how many refugees have you taken home?  Are we working this hard to protect homeless, jobless vets?
If the judges in the 9th Circuit had the intellect of a 10 yr. old they could read the law.
Proud to be a Washingtonian right now. Thanks to @PattyMurray for fighting the good fight.
who are the millions? I am for it, we need a good vetting system to keep us safe. If anything happens to us it's on you!!!!
@AGOWA Pure BS, SC will reverse 9th---Again. How do those judges get it so wrong, so often--And still have jobs? #SoIncompetent
Me Too!  We need to keep up the good fight and resist trump and his regime at every turn.
yeah, way to go & support immigrants & refugees and at the same time ignore the Vets and homeless???!! Clueless Politicians!!!!
it isn't a ban on Muslims. You should be ashamed you are misrepresenting this to your followers!
you only represent the west side while ignoring east side.  You will be voted out...
Well some Washingtonians are NoT. The blood will be on yours and Jays hands.. Hope you can live with that!!
I think the should move in with Murray and Jay. And also give them there money not the tax payers money
East side Washingtonian here beaming with pride!
Proving once again that "LIberalism is FeelGoodism" 
Should not play politics with your states safety
so proud to be born in Yakima because of this! LOVE WARSHINGTUN

this ban was deeply unamerican and unconstituional, thank you for keeping up the fight!
you wouldn't say that if one of your family members was killed by an illegal immigrant! Despicable
.Soros said he wants to bring  America down.Flooding the country with Muslim aliens who won't  assimilate is one way to do that
We are not a country without secure entry controls. a 90-day halt is prudent and necessary  See UAE, Israel #NotMyWAshington
I'm so disappointed in you tweeting fake news.  This wasn't a Muslim ban, it's a terrorist ban!  Get your facts right.
Very proud to live in Washington State!
Washington @AGOWA  supports killing Americans, pretty much declared civil war see u on the battlefield #boycottwashingtonstate
Keep up the good fight!
The majority of the counties in Washington State do not agree with you - when will you support them?
Keep up the fight!
WHEN IS THE IMPEACHMENT.
so proud of our Washington for standing up for rule of law
You are so very out of touch w/ Washingtonians. Support your President and quit obstructing. Ashamed of U.
patty and all of you celebrating I hope you are the first to open your homes to unvetted immigrants!
You must be a Elizabeth Warren Democrat.
proud to be from the 'other' 
Washington!
@AGOWA YEAH! KEEP FIGHTING!
@AGOWA 
I am proud too! We  don't need to wave a giant flag to show how important this country is to us.
great! Now get back to work! Legislate those exec orders out of existence! Country before party!
@AGOWA so we elect to not protect any WA or US citizens? Equivalent of not locking your doors at night. Pure lunacy.
not a Muslim ban. You all sure stick to the party line. Too bad you all can't think for yourself. America first and always.
Go Team Washington. #StillWithHer #NoWallNoBan #TheFutureisFemale
, Go Washington!
it's not a Muslim ban!  Geez people stop it already.
Happy to have just moved here.
great....another lib...
great news ! And yes really a great moment for our attorney general and his staff!
@AGOWA Congratulations, so proud of everyone involved!
remember when you voted for half of Trump's nominees. Voting you out in 2022.
Thank you Senator for being such an integral part of what is right with the government. Proud to call WA home away from home.
@ealight461 Perhaps the next time tRUMP goes to court he should call a different lawyer?
Me too! I am from Washington and I am so proud of our Governor, Senators and Representatives!
@corinne_717 it will be awesome if it goes to scotus and he unanimously loses
Yeah for us!
Washington State supports terrorists and killing of Americans!!! Time to boycott Washington!!!
This vet is WA proud & was taught by military to #resist Trump/Bannon's evil. Investigate Russia/Yemen
I moved to Seattle little over a year ago. I am so proud to be a resident of this great state! Thank you!
Yes this proves no on in our country is above the law.
Next terrorists attack is YOUR fault!! American blood on your hands !!
I'm proud to live here and see people I voted for standing up for our Constitutional rights. 
Keep going...it isn't over.
THANK YOU Sen. Murray. Watching you work so tirelessly to defeat one injustice after another is awe-inspiring.
Yes Sen Murray!!!  And thank you for all of your efforts.  As a WA state resident, I appreciate you.
We are, too! Proud of our State, the city of Seattle, and our representatives!
FANTASTIC, Thank You WA!!!!!
we r proud of all of u. thks
.@PattyMurray Ignoring settled law & past precedents in favor of creating new precedents case by case to win will destroy our country.
Yes!!! That's how WA does it 
Thank you for having the courage of our convictions and standing up against infringements. We, your constituents appreciate it.
@AGOWA I Washington
Best day since he took office!!!!
Sorry Patty but we can't have unelected judges questioning any presidents judgments on national security. It weakens the office
Read the US Constitution not Trump's and checks and balances! Prevents dictatorships. Good grief.
Constitutional law passed by congress gives the president the authority here. This is a bad decision 4 any POTUS
Will give you this one Washington! Oregon is right with you!
thank you to the State of Washington for the leadership on this issue. I suddenly feel less hopeless
oh happy day! Thank you senator and thank you to WA attorney General!
@AGOWA Hope to one day live in Washington State 
me too!
Brilliant! So happy that this was the outcome.  Thank you for standing up against this wreck of a Republican Administration.
I'm so proud your my senator!!!
me too !
It's only logical. I mean, WHO are you named after?  
you and me both, Senator!
@realDonaldTrump Trump? LOSER!
