You had your chance to get real immigration reform done u failed, Obama did this due to Congressional failure as yourself!
Rule of law and constitution will prevail over you screaming obstruction.
If that were true HRC would have won.
Fine, we know your position. Now let's see some action in the form of a real bill, okay? And while you're at it #ImpeachTrump soon.
Who's Values not the wholes nations.
Our nation's core is LAWS.  I would hope a Senator would know that.
NOT "anti-immigrant", it is anti- ILLEGAL immigrant!! Pushing "false narrative", so you don't sound like idiots that support open borders!
Democrats and Liberals are the reason we have this problem today President Trump is putting Americans frist
Please Congress DO SOMETHING...I'm sick to pay taxes for actions of government I do NOT stand for. Tell me why should I $ support? Tell me!
LoL! I could have said EXACT same thing for the last 8 years!!
DACA was an illegal decision made by Obama, and Congress will have to fix it within 6 mos. Hmmm... Dems won't talk about that.
Yes. from 98368
thank you, Patty!
I expect Congress must act to provide a pathway for the the Dreamers as it beyond unacceptable to consider the alternative.
If we were following the countries values, they would have never been let in illegally in the first place.
Our core values R that we are a nation of laws & constitution. When B.O. deviated, U merely applauded.  Sorry U R my Senator.
Are you that out of touch, that whacked, Senator?  Even BHO said on many occasions he had no legal authority to do this (and then did it).
You are so wrong it's impossible to point out the ways in 140 characters. Hart-Celler was a lie, birthright citizenship is beyond outrageous
Thank you, @PattyMurray .  Please prioritize this legislatively - we need to protect those who only know the US as their home.
And yet many STILL don't speak English!!
Obama cant circumvent Congress or make Law & U know it His own lawyer said if challenged in court DACA would lose. O'bma = core values - HA!
What?!   Our nations core values follow The Constitution!  Obama kicked the can - It was a deferred policy.  Congress now gets to fix this!
Why is it all we're doing is #defense there better be some serious bill writing going on. If R's refuse to help, write it anyway.
What flies in the face of our core values is your reluctance to follow the law. Senators need to be held accountable to the law.
if you would have done your job, daca's would be ok. you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians.
You want to subvert the will of the American people and a majority of their representatives. Resign!
What is our nations core value?  To allow criminals rights to stay in our nation? No.

Trump's base is a faulty foundation of which he has built his political tower. Using Chinese steel and Russian money of course.
When you side with illegals over American Citizens, just whose and what values are you talking about!
DO YOUR JOB. Enact the DREAM ACT!!
Sure, if our Nations "core values" are breaking laws!! You Dems had 8 years to pass legislation but DIDN'T!
Better Idea, DEPORT TRUMP base.
Good man
It was illegal in the first place Patty Ann and you know that according to our Constitution.
Isn't the rule of law one of our core values, Patty?
Breaking laws was never a core value i was taught senator!
For the love of all that is good and holy stop tweeting and DO SOMETHING!
I am so sick of your endless tweets pontificating about what is right for our nation when you do nothing to stop him. You're failing senator
Is voting to keep drug prices high an American value ? Corporate owned loses my vote. I will support a progressive primary challenger not U
We have a COTUS that you swore to uphold.  Resign or be removed
No. Its great for America to END the terribly abused #DACA program. If anything-create a new and legitimate program 4 children.
Wrong Patty Murray.  Our nation's core values are based on "rule of law".  Ending DACA is consistent with core values.  Obama violated it.
Why are we even talking about his base?
As a law maker, you defy the law?  Pathetic.
The Constitution is our nation's core value!!!! Supporting illegal immigrants is not!!
Do your job and pass a legal fix. A president does not have authority to make law, the blame is Obama and you know it. Get to work.
DACA is illegal policy prescription by lawless  Obama. The courts were going to strike it down like they have w/other Obama proclamations.
The GOP created Trump's base and pander to it as he does....
DACA, DAPA, expanded DACA make most Americans unaware of the true, negative impact Obama has had on undocumented immigrants in this country
Our nation's core values are obedience to our laws.
Are you supporting illegal activity?
DACA is just another way to spell amnesty.
What's Shameful is you not doing anything about the middle class paying massive premiums for healthcare and deductibles! Shame on you!!!
Nuts to his "good politics."  He had no business making this promise. Presidents don't get everything they want, either.
Liberal
Dear Patty..You need to go find those "tennis shoes" and put them on again to defend the American public!! Not foreigners, us here!
How can we help? This EO is not only heartless but unjustified.
The Obama DACA memo was heartless and lawless.
Pass a bill.
Patty, please defend DACA and don't let it be tied to the wall
Hell no
It is never good to do evil acts to appease the hatred of others. @realdonaldtruimp is a coward and a liar, and not worthy of office.
What exactly are the USA "core values" and where are those written? Why would anyone want to come to the US empire willingly?
And let's face it, his base is only racists and bigots. #deplorables
That's nice, it's nice to know that you support illegal aliens (line cutters) more than American citizens. What a joke
Must do more than DEFEND...must get you a** in gear and legislate!!!!
None of what you said is true.
#DACA flies in the face of our Nation's law. Defend that. What about those in line PAYING to be here legally? Is this fair to them?
2-years community service or military service. Then a green card. No citizenship ever. Green card holders are easy to deport. You're welcome
Thank you for your support. We'll remember those who supported us.
ITS UP TO YOU NOW SWEETHEART!! The ball is in your court.
Instead of pointing fingers at Pres Trump, How about YOU & CONGRESS DO. YOUR.JOB!
Stop the BS! According to Obama DACA was suppose to be temporary anyway. If you would have done you job it wouldn't have come to this.
President Obama LIED to and mislead these people. HE was not the Legislative Branch!
All whiners should take a CIVICS Class!!!
#DREAMERS may have come here as young children. But most are now adults, why haven't they become citizens if they consider this their home?
And address it as stand-alone legislation - don't let the GOP tie it to other vile racist anti-immigrant efforts or the wall.
No compromise is the road to nowhere
Please miss Murray this is just a diversion, a tactic to hide what he's really doing! I know you see it he's purposely dismantling the govt!
Challenge Ur assumptions.
Consider who's following Constitution & existing law.
Which party is really dividing the nation?
Look 2 Texas
Core values?THE CONSTITUTION IS OUR CORE VALUES. Trumps removing something that's UNCONSTITUTIONAL. You're a Senator. Advocate for Americans
This IS NOT Trumps fault. All he wants is for congress to do their jobs.
Amen! This will expose every RINO for who they are so they can be voted out.Hope he uses this as leverage to pass tax reform and Build Wall
Why is it that lefties are so hideously unattractive? Is there something about the libtard platform that attracts deeply unattractive ppl???
#MAGAneedsDACA
I didn't realize an Open Border policy was at the core of our nation's values.
DACA=unconstitutional Created for Obama's base.
Please give an actual argument as to why you think it should be defended. Don't just say "We must Defend DACA."
Law and order are the foundation of our nation's core values. Stop defending criminals
