Rs don’t seem to care their efforts to sabotage the health care system would force ppl w/ pre-existing conditions to pay dramatically more.
The latest version of #Trumpcare would still cause tens of millions to lose coverage & cut off women’s access to health care @PPFA.
Families across the country are watching & we are going to stand with them & make sure #Trumpcare goes nowhere in the Senate.
Thank you, Senator!
How is it the only way the #GOP considers something a win is if the American people lose?
Not anything like you have to vote for it to see whats in it? You cast aside the individual market for your political win. Hypocrisy at best
This has to happen! We are watching Obama care slow death with people losing healthcare and being forced to purchase policies!
Dear God and Senate: PLEASE save us from this debacle on healthcare bill. Remember there are real people's lives at stake. #NewCongress2018
Stop the Republican terrorists!
You and your friends are terrified of Trump being a success. Dems with be the party of the pastfinally a man of his word MAGA
I knew we were doomed election night. Very sad that the GOP wasnt ready for a black president, & America was not ready for a woman President
so now it's up to yourself and comrades to see to it it doesn't go threw the @SenateDems @SenatorBaldwin @SenSchumer @amyklobuchar
That hurts or kills thousands. Thank you Senator Murray for fighting, keep it up!!
agreed Senator@PattyMurray ...while risking Americans healthcare coverage in the process ! #resist #staywoke
Why would a person sabotage their own careers for Trump?  He must of offered them some pay off.
@HouseGOP  #TrumpCare will hurt us very much. People will be dying like a Holocaust
Horrible bill...anti-american
We need you to stop this madness! People first...not Party! Why murder millions for political agenda...Shameful situation!
We, the American people applaud the Republicans in their steps to improve health care cost. Go after the greedy doctors, pharma companies
Patty....it's nonsense like you're silly false narrative tweeting that got Trump elected! I'm a WA resident - you are not my representative
I hope you are happy today, Trump just saved your failed Obama care.
Well, they'd already scheduled the party and stuff...
Hopefully short lived! The senate must kill this awful bill!
When are you going to deliver a win for your constituency?
Is that the same as when u delivered the failed Obamacare bill to Obama without even reading it. U Dems r nothing but hypocrites & idiots.
socialist healthcare is almost gone.  murray. good reason for term limits.
No Patty, you all delivered this bill, even if you didn't vote for it. It's you in that seat, and your representation is needed.
What will senate republicans stop at?
Pathetic. Hope they're ready to leave office. We won't forget.
And the American people suffer.
Are you saying Patty Murray that YOU are NOT political? HA
Please go back and review how Obamacare was handled by your own party....you have no room to complain here.
The saddest part is that people still support the GOP. I guess there aren't any low income republicans.
Which is why you won't be seeing @davereichert around DC next year.  What a tool.
And you are still not representing your constituents. Take off your blinders.
VOTE THIS WORTHLESS HAK OUT OF THE SENATE, A SPL INTERST MOUTH PIECE,NOT FOR WA.
relax
Call me crazy but I don't get how it's a "win" if majority hates the law ???
It's clear today that House Republicans don't care about people. They are monsters.
Guess you will need to step up in the Senate and do your job!
Something you're used to, right? #Pandering
That's ok. Let's get Cathy McMorris Rodgers on record voting for party over people so she can be dumped in 2018. Rock on Senate Dems.Resist!
Text RESIST to 50409 to have them auto fax a message to your reps to vote NO!
GOP will walk the plank so a POTUS who's showing signs of dementia can get a "win". #TrumpDementia #VoteNo 
Repeal & Replace Republicans
Aaahh, yes, like Obummer?
You mean living up to promise to people! I understand why this is hard for you to understand! I do see you finally found social media !
@SenateDems - Democrats have let down the USA and the people of need !
Trumpcare for the people, Obamacare for Congress.  The height of hypocrisy!
What's the alternative? Ocare has failed
Today the Republicans own #TrumpCare

Just like the @GOP own #TrumpRussia

They can keep lying but the Truth will come out.
House republicans praying bill won't pass senate so they don't have to answer to constituents.
Thanks for not being evil patty
Trump's win is America's loss. Look out Republicans -- 2018 is coming!!!
*you're gonna
SAD!
Which will backfire easily...
@SpeakerRyan we see you.
Shameful.
My wife has full access to healthcare, what the heck you talking about? Trying to scare voters again?
Could you have a word with @davereichert? His fence-sitting on this is disappointing. Maybe you can nudge him toward the correct decision.
#VoteNoAHCA
GOP is out of control. Liars, cheaters, racists, and theives. #VoteThemOut
And this @HouseGOP win will cost Americans their lives. Who has enough money to pay for serious illnesses out-of-pocket except very wealthy?
Why can't you and @TheDemocrats in #congress stop them?
Not enough votes
Political theater
