I want to know why you voted against lower medicine prices (after receiving  $ from big pharma companies, coincidentally).
At least tweet out a reason or a denial, statement link, etc. Anyone have more info on this handy?
do women not need affordable prescriptions for their families? Hope the big pharma support was worth outing yourself as a phony
you need to resign your position as ranking Dem on the HELP committee, you don't deserve it. Give it to someone with scruples
Good grief- were do we find these people
but you did NOT stand with us with your vote against less expensive medicines. #TryHarder
@FlanneryElise IDIOTS
Thank you for continuing to stand for values of inclusion, tolerance and fairness! So much appreciation from your district.
Fighting for what?
@robdelaney Thanks, Patty. I'm proud to have you as my senator.
THANKU! Please fight for climate change action. Urgency can't be over-stated.
thank you!
I would be happy for you except that you recently voted NO on @SenSanders bill to bring cheaper pharma to Americans. WTF Patty?
yeah, not sure. You lost a lot of trust by killing the affordable prescription bill. Will take a while to regain it.
I was there representing Washington with you.  So happy to see you came to represent all of your female constituents.
@robdelaney Murray voted down making pharma drugs affordable because she takes their money. Stand for us. Not just photo ops.
Patty Murray is a true patriot and one of our greatest lawmakers.  Thank you for your service Senator!
THANK YOU! Proud to march with you (and vote for you). Please continue to stand up for women's rights!
thank you for the work you are doing. I respect what r doing on our behalf
unless you get paid by pharmaceutical companies?  Patty Murray (D-WA) received $254,649
Thank you, Senator Murray!
thanks for marching!
Thank you so much for marching with us yesterday. We stand with you!
@CTVoter fight his cabinet picks!
Thank you for your leadership and example!
We're counting on it, Patty!
I love that ancient crone liberals like you and Elizabeth Warren are the face of the democratic party. Keep it up.
Thank you for speaking out!!! Keepit up!
keep fighting Senator!  #WomensMarch
you are a defamation artist. You're not fit to lead this or anything
https://twitter.com/V_of_Europe/status/822845315459981314 …
Then stop voting with big $$$$
#GetMoneyOut #BigPharma Sucks
Get #CorporateDems Out
TY..we are counting on your strong voice!! 
you have dental insurance, should probably think about using it
Thank you from back home in the other Washington! Peace and power rising today!
start helping us choose candidate for every level of political office in 2018.That's help!
Thank You Senator Murray!! Have always been able to count on you
@rue_berger Thanks Patty!! I am very happy to see you taking part!! #WomensMarch
if you stand with us, why didn't you vote for us being to get affordable medications? You stand with big pharma 
thank you for your dedication and service. #WomensMarch
But not for our affordable medications? Politicians who can not be consistently for all our needs are useless.
You are everything that is wrong with Washington, with politics and with faux news. There IS no war on women! #nitwit
my kids and I are marching with you from the other Washington. Thank you for all you do!
@PPact keep women who are pro-choice away from ur children. These people are dangerous & worse than pedophiles
you can stay there.
.@PattyMurray  Well, women desperately need affordable prescriptions. WHY did you turn your back on us? #lipservice
Thank you Senator Murray. You have been stellar during confirmation hearings. Asking the right questions. Stand strong. We are with you.
Thank you! You give me hope that we can fight and survive this.
@PPact Thank you Senator Murray.
except for your prescription drugs! You're my Senator and I'm very disappointed in your vote! #bigmoneywinsagain
unless we want lower prescription drug prices, you mean. Can't march if we are dead!
get your teeth fixed no? Democrates are the real racists and fascist.
Knock yourself out
except when it comes to affordable prescription drugs.
Empty words from someone in authority who stands with a group that does not value all life.
Thank you
thank you.
Patty Murray you just voted against affordable prescription drugs bill
@RayRLibrandi Thank you! I sure hope this is more than just a photo op for you
Please brush your teeth before going out into the public.
you're not representing me...only people with your agenda. Don't pretend.
BREAKING!!! Biafra Trump Rally Turns Bloody as Nig Army Shoot 7 Dead, Scores Injured 
Read more at http://igberetvnews.com/317490#4j5frDebYELJH2Yw.99 …
Actually you want to get reflected. Oooooh!
how's the fight for lowering drug prices?
Thank you for your work in Cabinet Confirmation Hearings.
Thank you Patty
It's a beautiful thing!
thank you Patty! We stand beside you too!
Good job! Hopefully everyone is loud but peaceful!
you have bad teeth. That is nothing to smile about. Yikes!
Thank you, Patty, for being there representing all of us who were unable to attend!
Thank you Senator Murray!
Thank you @PattyMurray for being an inspirational leader for women in Washington state and D.C.! #IStandWithPP #WomensMarch
Please ask Patty Murray why she voted AGAINST lowering prescription drug prices by importing from Canada
yes I am aware of that and I know the particulars and I don't need your input, but thank you.
Do you have more info on this you'd be willing to share? I'd really appreciate it- I want to understand.thx! @Ontheotherhand
Thank you Senator Murray! 
