The best solution is #SinglePayerNow
I have a radical idea... let's go with @SenSanders version. Cmon @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell represent Washington State
But then they lose out on close to $1M in “donations.” It won’t happen since they choose to fuck us all and be corrupt
Yep, those are our representatives. They have lost their way.
Trump sucks but so does ACA with crushing premiums and high deductibles. No access to care! Our fam suffers while u all think it's so great!
You and Jimmy are idots so there is no test you can pass.
You are breaking the middle class. I pay $800 per month. I am now paying a$6,500 hospital bill because of deductible.
u could sponsor that bill which makes sure everyone is covered. you could declare health care a human right and actually help people
killing less people is *not* good enough anymore, Patty. I hope @SeattleDSA can replace you ASAP
Did Merk, donate to your campaign? Hmm
Tailwind,  ARABLE hmm info just keeps coming.
Thank you, Senator Murray!
For what? She isn’t going to help you. She is in this for her own personal gain, not to help Washington with anything.
Soooo true. Called, wrote, tweeted 5 years no response to families being bankrupted by ACA
"lose" = wouldn't be forced to purchase something from the federal government
ok,so you're cool with Trump and GOP-led congress in charge of your health insurance. Good to know
ACA really bad. It's all bad. I guess you're cool with families being ruined by ACA-medical debt, no access to care but have insurance?
What the hell are you talking about?
You are a faciouse though.  If we don't follow your ideas we are beat down. You are not a true Democrat
Please, if the Dems have to fight as dirty/ sink low as the GOP does in order to NOT get this horrific health bill passed, JUST DO IT!
No worries,  We notified the FCC. For you
All we wanted was help here. Obviously 3 dead means nothing to you. Let's see VCP, hmm. Don't they handle Merks, investments
Wondering when the people of your state get the same benefits that you and your family currently receive?
ACA bankrupting my family. Insurance you can't use, 6k medical debt, prem more than mortgage
And let's start supporting Medicare for all @PattyMurray
Naa she takes too much money from insurance companies to ever help with that
You are correct Senator on Trumpcare, but why do you continue to not join @SenSanders and fight for Medicare for all? Right side of history!
@PattyMurray thank you for your undying support for Trump's never ending wars instead of Medicare for All.
Thank you Sen.Murray 
Why? should you be proud that she took over $500k from ins and pharma while voting for a huge increase in military spending. Shes a joke
Thank you senator! This from a real citizen,  voter in WA - unlike the many bots commenting on your thread here. We appreciate your work!
I don't appreciate the 6k in med debt while my family has NO access to care as deductible is thousands....hello?
Please get back to work with Lamar!
Kimmel was caught in another liberal lie. Talk to the Republicans and start telling the true. No, you can't handle the true!
Proud you are my senator!
Thanks Sen Murray for working to defeat this bill.
Too bad Sen Murray ignored families being bankrupted with no access to care last 5 years
Thank you for lending your voice!
Where were your voices for the families in the individual market paying more than mortgage for an unuseable policy?
The thing legislators don't get is that if this bill passes, NOBODY currently in office will be spared the wrath of American voters. NOBODY.
Where was the wrath of American voters when families in the individual market suffer massive deductibles and no access to care?
Well said, Senator Murray! I support bi-partisan effort led by Sens. Murray & Alexander to return to "regular order". #KillTheBill
I absolutely agree! @PattyMurray is brilliant at HC policy.  She has been a fantastic advocate for years!!!
Unless u r in individual market. Crushing premiums, 6k medical debt, deductible so high ins. Is unuseable, ignored by patty since inception.
When will you discuss the sexual predator monster  brother you promoted for Mayor of Seattle? He passed your test? Keep voting out Democrats
Really?  Like she knew he was a sexual predator.  Keep voting out the GOP!! Mid terms your out!!
All gay men are sexual predators.
You're relying on a late-night talk show host for health care policy advice?
Great information
I would love to know about the A BRAAJ group Patty, Didn't the investment board give them money?
Thank you @PattyMurray for your leadership. We on the Eastern side of your state are counting on you to convince collegues to vote no.
EXACTLY,, Bravo!
Why don't you step up, be a real and kill the ability to sue doctors which will reduce 10s of thousands of dollars of malpractice insurance
Agreed
Trumpcare doesn't pass the smell test either.
It does, however, pass the test of the millions that know the ACA is badly broken and somebody needs to fix it!!!
Oh those poor people... maybe they should get off theirvlazy ass and get a job!
Thanks guys.
You post what this nimrod has to say, really?
Maybe also point out that we pay property taxes to support schools even when our kids are grown or attend private schools.America Helps.
But you voted to increase military http://spending.boo . I voted for you.for shame
Won't you please help us ? Country before party.  For the people !!
Are these the same 32 million forced to buy Obamacare insurance they didn’t need or want? Only the mentally challenged agree with you Patty.
True
Why I stopped watching late night television and stopped voting for Democrats.
Tired of hearing the same song and dance. Do something radical or move on to the next failure.
Neither one of you are considering who has to pay for all of the gratis healthcare. Very irresponsible, impractical, and unsustainable.
"You can kepp your Dr." "Costs will go down" SSDD Patty
It's a very bad deal for our country.

Michael Frend for Congress
It appears unbelievably worse than the last two crappy plans...shameful
Gov supports donators. The rest of us are serfs to the political elite and are treated thusly.
tax cuts for the rich over human lives is despicable.
Sports, Drama, News, Entertainment (can't tell them apart anymore, disgusting
People who don't have coverage can't lose it. Obamacare only covers one half of CBO target from 2010. Failed policy.
While I completely agree with you I think the campaign contributions you've received from ins co's & big pharma paint a different picture...
You can't take money from them when they are the ones responsible for our dismal healthcare in the first place, including Obamacare...
Be honest with your constituents & tell them you can't fight for healthcare that benefits them while taking money from the true enemy...
You would be a pretty lady if you would smile more you must suck a lot of lemons 
Thank you for opposing this bill, Senator Murray!
- a constituent
Yep you have the political savvy of a comedian. Maybe you should be on the stage. The first one out of town!
@PattyMurray, quit running interference for insurance companies and cosign @BernieSanders #MedicareForAll bill NOW.

Um, who do you represent #Hollywood or #Washingtonstate ?

You're a crook and here's the proof!
I just called @SenAlexander office, he's voting Yes on #CassidyGraham. #TNStrong looses. All families loose. #veterans loose. #SaveACA
You are so right. He lied!
SO glad you're my senator... 
So is she...#CluelessinSeattle
#SinglePayer #Medicare4All passes every test. Co-Sponsor Bernie's bill!
You mean the 32 million that were forced to get unaffordable HC
Horse manure
Please fight for us
Now you use a talking head to justify a resist campaign, nice
Typical liberals ,you lied and Murray said she has ideas , where ? Instead of following stupid kimmel how about displaying your idea ?
Now your lying not scored and you can't say 32 million will lose coverage. Too bad Obama didn't keep totals those kicked off under Aca
Our monthly Premiums/annual Deductibles 2 adults $250/$600 before Obamacare & $1,200/$6,000 after Obamacare. You took away our healthcare!
You need to call up Lamar Alexander @PattyMurray and put his feet to the fire!
I'll listen to a Hollywood celebrity with a net worth of 35 million all day long.. He needs to put his money  where his mouth is 
I just called.
Senator thanking late night comedian for inventing Democratic party Rhetoric.   And she thinks it will help.
And it is.
Single-payer is the socialist Canadian & British healthcare model! They wait months for care we now get immediately in our Emergency Rooms!
Bad for women too!
But Patty...shes the best...right...shes a crook, just like Hillary...
Text RESIST to 50409. It will send a FREE fax, in your words to your lawmakers. No spam. Free of charge.  DO IT.
#GrahamCassidyBill
Patty, why would you not want Washington State to get money to use in the best way for the needs of its citizens? Irresponsible. @POTUS
You & your colleague's screwed this whole system with ACA, no fix proposal's from you, and you're quoting a comic? #HowAppropriate
What do I need to do to stop this?
U get advice from a late nite talk show host you are a sad excuse for a senator maybe read it before the comedian makes up some liberal bs
Please take a minute and listen
@PattyMurray, but there was a healthcare that does pass the test, but you did not support it. Talk to @BernieSanders about it
Obamacare didn't pass my "test": I liked my plan, but I didn't get to keep it. Please address the lies that you voted for.
And thank you Sen. Murray  for continuing to fight this
Thank you.
Mary...Mary...Mary....SMH...
Seriously, you're getting your info from tv now?
I remember when being a communist was a bad thing in America. Now you're blacklisted if you aren't one. #TermLimits
Yeah, the guy is an expert on health you know.
#pattymurray had no probs cancelling insurance n FORCING #ACA on all n lying that #ObamaCare will keep our doctors  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0Dt3dwQzR0 …
32 mil out of 325 mil, hmmm, needs of the many out weigh needs of the few, GET FUCKING GOVT. OUT OF HEALTH CARE, NOT IN CONSTITUTION
@jimmykimmel for #President
Please get off twitter and start preparing an amendment strategy to delay the final vote past Sept 30th.
It doesn't pass the test of 150 million Americans! More to be affected by the sickness of the GOP including their own psychiatric treatment!
Jimmy Kimmels test? He doesn't care because he can afford any care, now he's just making bullshit crap to forward the liberal idiots agenda
Washington State thanks you Senator!
No, no we dont...
Well that's says nothing since there are 330 million citizens in America
After what happened at the Emmys and to Nancy Pelosi ( DACA) people have lost faith in your ability to control your base.
Who cares !
The only problem is Jimmy Kimmel is only following marching orders of Liberals, Healthcare should be between Doctor & patient, not Gov't
profiteering in health care is wrong..holding cures for ransom! we have obligation to carekeep all life>AETNA made $168B! thats f'n caca
#StopGrahamCassidy from passing this #Deathcare bill that doesn't pass the #JimmyKimmelTest 
your Senators today - Don't Delay
202-224-3121
Keep fighting! Keep resisting! REPRESENT US! #ZIP98105
Is someone keeping you here in this beautiful country? If you hate it so much, leave!

Patty, you're a crook!
Sad day .what have done for healthcare except obstruct
Thank you Senator! you so highly advanced! our time is now>evolve beyond fool racist predator power machine>establish Responsible Liberty!
so much unevolved ignorance infection! Our Obligation as sole keeper species to protect all vital life>establish True Sustainability is NOW!
Wow that is the most insanely crazy ranting i have read in a long time  dude u are truly nutz!!!!!!!
thanks a million @joeyratbastard ! im so good im usually rendered obnoxious! you might like my SOSA comic book on amazon. 5 stars!
RIGHT BUT YOU LIED TO AMERICANS TO PASS #OBAMACARE @JIMMYKIMMEL AND #CONGRESS ARE MILLIONAIRES, NOT LIVING LIKE THE REST OF US.
Allow me the following retort
Thanks Senator. But even if O-Care is saved, GOP will continue to sabotage it. Time for Single Payer!
Agreed. Sen. Murray, when are you signing on to #S1804 ? We need you!! #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Education is a beautiful thing, you been played...read between the lines...
Damn! Always follow the money. Thanks for the education McQuade925. SMH
No worries Wally, its a sad state of affairs...
You do realize that when he says "dozens of other countries have figured this out" he means single payer, which you refuse to support.
It amazes me the most powerful Democrat officeholders holding up Jimmy Kimmel as their news source and their spokesperson
Stop the GOP in its tracks!
ACA didn't and isn't passing the test.  #GrahamCassidy likely as bad or worse.
 so sad. People who will not have to buy products they dont need, from companies they dont like, for services they dont want. speak truth.
Are you even on O'Care Murray, or are you taking advantage of your exemption and tax funded subsidy ..
Get up to speed "resistance"~Congress & their staff were given an exemption by Obama EO..w/subsidy
You have no idea what your talking about, look it up..."resistance"you don't even know what your resisting
Thank you, @PattyMurray!
Crack baby say what...
Dropping crap coverage you can't afford is not the same as losing coverage.  With OCare we lost coverage we could use, lost our doc and $$$$
Then filibuster. Literally stand up and talk. Get out there and serve your constituents; like my wife with RA and preemie son.
And thank you for fighting to uphold and improve the ACA.
REally?!?!
Good to hear from you.  The Bi-Partisan work could not deliver.  Thank you for your leadership.
Leadership? Are you serious?
