Name the enemy. They are white supremacists and Nazis.
The left is far more dangerous.  Leftist ideology murdered 100M+ in the past 100 years...
You're adorable.  Go away.

Where have you been the last 6 months. DO U REMEMBER THE WTO RIOTS IN SEATTLE. OH! I forgot u were buying new tennis shoes at Big 5.
And. Can we get the card-carrying Nazi out of the White House? #GorkaMustGo

Well tell that to Chucky Boy he and rest of your party over last 8 years have fueled this mess. Leading us into racial or civil war
Why can't people see this?  I don't get it
I would like to know what our sweet talking President Obama did about hate crimes in the USA besides encouraging BLM group violence?
I do not like what the KKK or BLM groups stand for, and I reject any racist hate from either group. To me they are just like terrorists.
Agreed-but this is okay to you in Seattle? All hate, Patty-not just the ones that show you hate the President!
Do you know any leaders that do not speak out against bigotry?? You are a race baiter! You are the problem! @PattyMurray #Charlottesville
What are your doing about this?
Which is exactly what your party is promoting.
Trump did.  Get your pals in Congress on board with speaking about against all hatred incl. BLM, KKK, Antifa, White Supremisists etc
Morning  mam I need your help with the VA claim  please  thank you enjoy your day  HOORAH
President Trump was correct in condemning any hate group. That includes BLM as well as the KKK.
Democrats need to take out TV ads to counter all of Trump anti-American indecency. All we see is lying well produced pro Trump ads. ENOUGH!

Like Antifa?
Too bad you guys just keep fueling the fire with your own hate
Where were you when the "Anti-fa" fascists came out?  Oh wait, you just another statist supporter on them.  #retire #hangupthetennisshoes
& lets here you commy Thuggs condemn BLM, Antifa & all your divisive hate groups yuall endorce for anarchy ! #libtardssuck 
Stinkin libtard supremicists hate private sector profit. How the hell does holding a job, earning pay & paying your bills make you a racist?
It is time for the Democrat's to stop asking the public to destroy and hurt people. http://youtu.be/5yYm3yNrxT4 . Maxine and her sick mouth too?
WHY WEREN'T YOU SPEAKING OUT WHEN BLACK LIBERALS WERE BURNING BUSINESSES, KILLING COPS, BLOCKING TRAFFIC, AND DESECRATING SOUTHERN MONUMENTS
So are you going to condemn the violence brought on also by ANTIFA and BLM now?
Patty! We have been saying the same thing since Furguson and Baltimore. This behavior is unacceptable from all points of view. U WERE SILENT
and remove from office all those who align with racist ideology. We must take action.
The statue in Fremont depicts a man that killed millions of people and is lauded as a hero in this area, if Lee goes down so should he.
Thank you for not separating races with that comment. We all come from different countries yet we are all AMERICANS
All hatred and bigotry. Please think on this. If a group started BET Black Entertainment Television. That concludeds a separation of race.
We need to recognize the impact Trump has had on our country. It is disgusting to know someone so psychologically crippled is in OUR WH.
Stop trying wipe out history, be it good or bad
I don't care who they are, antifa terrorists have to go. They start violence every place they've been so far
Then stop pushing Socialism.

One of them is a student @ WSU. Leading the republican caucus.
And have the FBI keep a data base of neo-nazis & white supremacists.  They're the ones who need to be deported to 3rd world country
She doesn't care as long as her pockets are being lined.
Time for Democratics to stop acting like children and stop encouraging destruction. Video's facts proving the corruption in Senate Democrats
I agree Maam 100%
Does that mean ANTIFA too? There is such hatred in the Democratic Party.
name the enemy, it is donaldtrump embracing and making hate acceptable because these racists put him into office..
It's sad that you words are applicable to only those with whom you agree. Because you didn't care in January at @UW
Stand on the steps of the Capitol, read @realDonaldTrump hateful tweets, and then say her name. #HeatherHayer
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/ok-now-i-am-back …
Call them what they are NEO NAZIS
The only hatred is from the left. But if I had followed a president that ran as a black christian but was truly Muslim. I would be mad to.
I will be calling your offices tomorrow to let you know again.
Not strong or specific enough. I'm so disappointed in your statement.
And white supremacy and domestic terrorism. Patty, call it what it is.
Senator can you speak out to our supposing @POTUS about this?  As a supporter of yours for years.  I hope so!  #murray2020
Please read - POTUS will support his base at all costs. #ImpeachTrump
Call it what it is homegrown domestic terrorism.
Give back the Pharma Money, You Thief.
Will you condemn #antifa hate?
It is time for "leaders" to Impeach a mental ill President.
Why was it not time to speak out when blackl mobs were burning, looting, blocking traffic, killing policemen,.you speak w/forked tonge
Grandstand on the obvious. Butbyoure not around to answer tough questions...puppet.
It's time for impreacent proceedings!
Please remind Hillary not to call KKK members her mentor. Look
Senate Murray we need you to work with the republicans as well to be a team and let's bring back civility to our WH hatred is bad for us
I'm a constiuant & say you are a pathetic excuse as a US senator & have far exceeded the scope of your abilities!
Well you would think.
Speak out and be specific. Name names. Name groups. Name your fellow politicians.
THE BLACK PANTHERS, THE COMMUNIST PARTY U.S.A., VLACK LIVES MATTER, HANDS UP.......Maxine Waters, Sheila Jackson, Mark Lewis, HILLARY!!
we never hear you speak out against the racist BLM folks or muslim clerics in this country who are anti-Semites. Why? Hypocrite, that's why
Don't just talk about this, organize a large group of Senators to stand together and speak out....
what about the hatred you show for coal steel auto and millions more you voted to put out of work...now tell the truth......
What took you so long? Does someone always have to die before politicians realize the seriousness/severity of a civil rights issue? 
Imagine a Union that doesn't just retweet this weak sauce but highlights inadequacies if this statement. 
Stand up and call out dt for his INACTION to stop train wreak before people were injured and DIED.
And name the evil:  it is white supremacy and it is EVIL.
IT APPEARS TO ME THAT WHITES WERE SIMPLY PROTESTING THEIR MONUMENTS BEING DESECRATED, AND WERE ATTACKED BY BLACK LIBERAL ACTIVISTS.....
Its time to impeach the bad actors in the WH and appointed positions.
Say it stronger white supremacists are EVIL as are Nazis. Name it. Condemn it by name. We cannot end what we do not name #Charlotesville
Now it's time? It took this? Our country and our government are a disgrace.
Stand & condemn by name the groups responsible of the violence -#nazis  , #WhiteSupremacists and #KluKluxKlan Tell #Trump to fire his nazis.
It's too late Patty. If they've been silent up til today, it's just more politics.
Sounds wonderful!!! It'll be great if we can all work together again!!!
Not strong enough
This is what a true messenger looks like @realDonaldTrump . Maybe you should try it.
The WH must get a cleaning out on MONDAY.
YOU PEOPLE ARE BEING MANIPULATED BY THE COMMUNIST PARTY U.S.A.    THE MEDIA IS CONTROL BY MARXISTS WHO ARE HELL-BENT ON OVERTHROWING THE GOV
It's been time since ANTIFA's hate fueled riots began...
You meant to say speak out against white supremacy? I sure hope so.
There's a counter protest in #Seattle tomorrow for a white supremacist rally happening there. Please come out!
Wondering what to do about #Charlottesville? SHOW UP. Join an event near you tomorrow or host one here: http://act.indivisibleguide.com/event/stand-in-solidarity-with-charlottesville/search/ …
Way past time - our Senate and Congress need to find their voice and end this! We're all looking for leadership and crickets...IMPEACH!

Its time for Republicans at least, to hold POTUS accountable for refusing to condemn the nazis/white supremacists in @Charlottesville.

Senator, are u referring to the Nazi White Nationalists that were responsible for 3 deaths & countless injured?  I can't tell from ur tweet

It's important that every politician calls a spade a spade. We are the republic. We have power and together we have the power to make change
TY Sen. Murray. Its beyond time for those footdraggers. Better late than never. Should try not to act like they were here the whole time. 
White supremacy / Nazism / White nationalists / Domestic terrorists

Um. Can you say #WhiteSupremacy or #Nazis @PattyMurray? Give it a try. Put your big-girl pants on and #ImpeachTrumpNow w/ #25thamendment
it makes me sick that us as nation would even allow this to happen and kill law enforcrent officers to get killed something has to crack
Please call groups out by name. KKK, Neo-Nazi and White Supremicists. It's a disservice to Americans not to say. Needs to be heard.
BLACK LIVES MATTER, HANDS UP, BLACK PANTHERS, COMMUNIST PARTY U.S.A. (Oh, I forgot), they supported queen Hillary.
Weak. Generic.
We're ALL impacted by this horrific violence...

Like this? 
I too am disappointed at our leaders who will not call it what it is.  It is white supremacist terrorism.
No, it's time for our representatives (not our leaders just fyi) to #ImpeachTrumpNow or #25thAmendmentNow No more platitudes.
Now you want to stand up about this... why weren't you standing up when the left groups were promoting the same hate and violence?
Yes - please do something.
And WHITE SUPREMACY!!! It's not that hard...say it with me now...
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN BLACK LIBERAL MOBS WERE (BLACK LIVES MATTER & HANDS UP) WERE RIOTING, BURNING, LOOTING, KILLING POLICEMEN, ETC. ETC.
Yes! Actions speak louder than words!
The only one you stand with is Chuck Schumer!
Rename military bases.  No more traitor names on US property, Fts Benning, Bragg, Hood, etc, should all be renamed.
That kind of stupidity is what is causing this crap.....LEAVE THE SOUTH AND THEIR MONUMENTS ALONE!!!   You are being manipulated by MARXISTS
And what specifically will you and other democrats do? Not trying to be challenging, really want to know.
First show there is no moral equivalence between inclusion/tolerance and the racial genocide promoted by the right.
But it's alt leftists that always start the violence, Antifa, BLM that you support

well true and there is a lot to stand up against not only white sup's
Demand that Bannon be removed from the White House
Senator, call it what it is.
I condem the BLM too
How about you condemn @lsarsour and her call for jihad against the citizenry?
You condemning antifa n BLM? God bless you #FemiNazi
Or Portland's recent riots? Your selective outrage is telling.

Where were you during Berkeley's antifa riot? Grandstander.

White supremacists have to go. BUT they were Initially protesting the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee. We CANNOT obliterate our past
No, but you don't have to condone it
I NEVER EVER said I condon white supremacist garbage! We have to stop eraing the Confederacy, its a part of our past. We must OWN it
Removing the statues do not remove history. But keeping them up condones what happened.
The flags, statues, n then the book burning begins! Gen. Lee is my 5th gen. back grandfather, I am PROUD of that BC he stood for his beliefs
Well, I don't agree with the book burning
That's a pretty weak statement.
Yes it would be nice if our President actually disavowed the KKK and neo-Nazis by NAME so there was no ambiguity about what he condemns.
You mean like Obama disavowed the Vlack Panthers, the Communist Party U.S.A., Vlack lives Matter, and Hands Up??
Senator Murray when is Congress going to stand up for America and stop what is happening. This horror lies at the feet of trump. Stop him
Need to stop your stupidity.
Let's see y'all do it. The minutes are ticking by.....
Senator, I am rarely disappointed in what you say/do but this comment of yours is grossly inadequate.  You must condemn white supremacists.
She forgot Hillary love the KKK leader Robert Byrd a Democratic senator called him her mentor look
Thank you. Please work across the aisle to remove the white supremacists, Bannon, Gorka, and Miller, from our WH.
What you want to install Hillary the racist and Dem party that created KKK look Democrat history & Hillary's mentor
Patty go and brush your teeth please.
I do not mean disrespect,  I campaigned for you when you first ran, and I am so very proud of you. But the WH is full of alt right
Insipid!
Tell Trump.
Agreed.  @realDonaldTrump message "on all sides" disappoints and disgusts me.
That is all well and good, but in the end, they really do not care
We are all impacted.  Do you live on another planet?
Than you should resign, voters could than elect a leader. What's this pandering BS you're tweeting? #JustWow
As most of our 'leaders' have been doing their best to divide the country, that would be a nice change.
I expect at least as much from you as from Senator McCain. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHEQbxnVYAAl_h4.jpg:large …
Or, you know, Ted Cruz.

It's tragic and heartbreaking to see hatred and racism once again mar our great Nation with bloodshed https://www.facebook.com/tedcruzpage/posts/10155480126302464 …
Every other senator has called it white supremacists, even @cathymcmorris , did so. It's WS terrorism. Plain and simple. 

Sorry Patty but now is the time remove DJT from the presidency
Sadly, too many of those "leaders" possess  those very traits.
America is impacted.
Took our kiddos to zoo today.  Families of all colors and ethnicities were there too.  Enjoying the day and being free to have a good time!!
Let's get rid of the buffoon in the White House.
Let's get rid of this sentor who dosent give a dam about the us people.
With great respect, Senator, this is inadequate. This is the time to be calling out white supremacy by name and specifically condemning it.
Black lives matter. The only reason it does is because all the citizens of US who gave their lives for & against. To free your ansestors
Senator, since you labeled one side bigots. Does that make you a bigot to? You are intolerant of the point of view too....just saying
Aren't you intolerant of white supremacists, Scott? If not, why not? I surely am.
I am intolerant of intolerance. Regardless of whose is spouting the ignorance. I was taught everyone has free speech
I take your point. Still, I draw the line at KKK hoods and Nazi salutes.
How about BLMs comments towards police? "Pigs in a blanket,  fry em like bacon,  or What do we want? Dead cops, When do we want it? Now."
You are part of the reason for hate
I hope you can also do what GOP senators are finally starting to do: naming the "hatred and bigotry" as White Supremacists & denouncing it.
White groups, whether you agree with them or not, have the right to assemble and protest.  There was no violence until they were ATTACKED
