Proud of you Senator Murray.
dont be she voted no on a bill to lower rx prices when enough repubs joined in the yeas to pass
She needs 2 go!
Lucky for us most WA voters don't share that opinion.
so you are ok with the fact that the US pays some of the highest drug prices around?
Yes she is.
instead of the mom in tennis shoes she can be called martin shkreli jr?
No worries, President Trump has already said he will renegotiate..... he and sen Sanders
really tired of you corporate owned politicians working for lobbyists. WE are YOUR employers, WE PAY YOUR SALARY.
.@PattyMurray @SenateDems Thank you for standing up and speaking for the most vulnerable among us!
she didnt she coted against a klobuchar amendment that would lower Rx drug prices
@kegill ok patty that was a day in January. What about the last set of midterms the dems lost during Obama prez.
the inability of the dems to convince any republicans to to block the court nomination? Ignoring Midwest?
Why the vote again the drug importation amendment??? @SenatorCantwell
I'm so shocked by your NAY vote against bringing in cheaper drugs from Canada.  Big Phama pockets are deep.
I thought there was enough shame to go around from our president-elect.  You're in good company.
don't act like you give a shit about your constituents.  Only the pharma  $$ you receive. #coward
How much would it cost people of Washington state to buy you to represent us? Considering electing is not enough
Thank you, Senator. I am proud of you. Please oppose Tillerson and Sessions.
All while you voted against Sen Sanders ammendment to import affordable prescription drugs.  Sellout.
. What about your vote supporting Pharma????  Please explain. Is it you $292K contribution?
you are a fraud..pretending to have good intentions for your constituents. FDA standards was a nice attempt to throw us off 
Oh really? Yet you voted against import of drugs. Shame on you!
So sick of the lot of you.Meds made in Canada are 100% safe & u know it. Enjoy your taxpyr funded hlthcare & pharma $. For now.
please explain why you did not support cheaper drugs!
We just watched as YOU voted to destroy families' access to medicine.
do not let republican silence the voices of the American people
@SenatorCantwell @SenateDems why vote against @SenSanders and @amyklobuchar amndmt to lower Rx prices??!!??
but you didn't vote for it... You voted against
Why did you vote against Bernie Sanders amendment. Explain yourself. R u bought by big Pharma?
I'm telling everyone I know about your vote in favor of big pharma you corporate fraud!
@PattyMurray is a POS. Fuck you, Patty. ur political future is now DEAD.
NO ONE IS DISTRACTED BY THIS. Your constituents are ppl of WA. NOT big pharma.
smokescreen #CorruptDEMS
Prescription drugs from Canada are safe! My childs epilepsy meds are 1/3 the price in Canada! Explain your vote!
More Lies people had free health care before OBAMACARE now most working people lost theirs
Thanks for the nay vote to reduce pharmaceutical prices, Did you forget who won your states primary?
-Sen why did you for against lowering RX cost and your website states you support cutting RX drug costs.
why did you vote against Bernie's Rx drug amendment?
How about our access to cheaper prescription drugs from Canada that you voted against?
You voted against affordable medicine - shameful
Watch as Patty Murray votes to protect big pharma profits over her stat's health and finances.
in what new universe is Patty still considere a member of @TheDemocrats?
doesn't make any sense to vote NO on lowering prescription costs!  That's terrible Senator. Everyone, Pass it on
Hypocrites. It's time the left started acting like the left, no just paying lip service.
These pro-choice republicans need to go
And you voted against affordable drugs. Collect those lobby checks while you can.
please explain why you voted no on amendment 178 Rx. Something better for the people? Or $ in your pocket
So why did you and Maria vote against Bernie's amendment to allow cheaper drugs to be brought in from Canada??
Any chance $254,649 from big Pharma had any influence on your vote against Klobuchar-Sanders measure? #bigmoneyoverpeople
I hope you know that we will work hard to make sure you have a primary challenge from a progressive with integrity.
What was your reason for voting against Sen. Sanders amendment? #BigPharma

Et tu, Brute?
Or families' access to cheap Rx? Why vote no on SA 178? @PattyMurray, you took nearly $500,000 from big pharma. http://bit.ly/2jBXfDe 
@GOP We are voting you out in 2018.
You betrayed us with your vote NO for importing prescription drugs from Canada.  I will not vote for you again
didn't you vote no on importing the exact same medicines for cheaper from Canada? Please explain to WA
Yes. Please explain!!
Is this some sick joke? You voted against lower pharm prices for all. #twofaced
And you voted to keep our prescription drug prices higher...so you got that goin' for ya' hypocrite
My insulin pump-dependent child, single mom of 2 teens, no help, buys her& kids ins. thru ACA. What now for them?
Enjoy your last term in office, the betrayal by voting to not make drugs cheaper will not be forgotten #FeelTheBern
you are a traitor to your party and the nation.  Do ur constituents know us voted no to lower pharmaceutical costs
Voting against Sanders work is why the Dem party is dead. You have learned nothing from your loss #demexit
Why (?!) did you vote NO on importing drugs from Canada?
Hey, we saw your votes against Senator Sanders' proposal for lowering prescription drug costs. We will remember.
yet you voted no on S.amdt 178. You don't care about anything other than $$$$.
And your look of shame knowing people will die because you couldn't vote against your handlers!
So embarrassed to see my senators name on this list!
This is a list of Dems who voted w/ the GOP & against affordable prescription drugs (bc shocker, they take Big Pharma $). 
Could you provide a link of the video of you voting with Republicans to help out Big Pharma? Thanks.
UR a pos Patty. Your vote against people getting cheaper meds proves who you work for.
@SenateDems
So why did you vote against Sen. Sanders’ amendment regarding drug prices last night?
.@PattyMurray @CoryBooker  @SenateDems shame on all of the "progressive" senators who voted with the GOP on @SenSanders bill yesterday!
keep fighting to protect the Health of ALL Americans @CNN
you still voted no to cut cost on medicine
This is Martin Heinrich's talking point too. He, like you, is trying o cover up a traitorous vote for BIG PHARMA.
YOU!!!  you voted against @SenSanders RX amendment. thanks for nothing.
meanwhile you screw Americans and protect big pharmas profits. #traitors #sellout
i also watched you vote to prevent cheaper drugs from Canada.  where do you actually stand on health?  posturing or action?
Fight the good fight.
perhaps it's time to let go of the strong standing I had for you. Seeing my mom pay 400$ for a RX is BS!
and yet you voted against @SenSanders amendment to lower drug prices. As a constituent, I wanna know #why #WAState
Pls tell what *else* was in bill to make you vote against?
THANK YOU Patty! Only cowards and crooks panic at opposition debate they can't address on the merits.
Dems arguing over a drug pricing amendment while ACA is carved up in front of us is why we keep losing.
you're a lil confused. ACA is a disaster for many. cheaper drugs from Canada will help us all @PattyMurray is a traitor
You voted for not lowering prescription prices. You DO NOT get to talk shit here.
Why do yo u all think Trump has been so big on keeping lobbyists out of his administration? For this exact reason!
Cruz, McCain, Murkowski more progressive than Murray on drug prices. Unbelievable.
how could you sell us out to big pharma?  You just lost my vote.
Patty is bought'n paid for by Pharma.
thank you for trying to protect the rights of the most vulnerable Americans.
Don't pretend u care abt ppl! U voted NO 2 Bernie's cheaper Canadian drug plan; it was defeated! YOU SNAKE! We will #VoteYouOut
Can you explain why you voted against cheaper drug prices for Americans? Oh, never mind. I just saw the list of contributions.
how dare you try to shift blame when YOU voted against lowering pharma drug prices yesterday. You're as bad as them
.@PattyMurray why did you vote against lowering prescription drugs for all Americans? Was it the hundreds of thousands from big pharma?
Healthcare should be a The people on both sides want equal quality healthcare. Medicare works! I
Yet you voted for higher drug prices. Those that can't afford them...well screw them I guess, huh??
Instead I just watched you vote against cheaper prescription drugs - WTF Senator? Explain your vote please.
@zachhaller @PattyMurray @SenateDems She has been in DC too long. Forgot her tennis-shoes beginning.
Ask #Obama #NancyPelosi #ChuckSchumer @PattyMurray #Democrats why #ACA signups cant afford #ObamaCare DEDUCTIBLES http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/18/us/unable-to-meet-the-deductible-or-the-doctor.html …
.@PattyMurray WE SEE YOU PATTY 

YOU are the problem
Not Trump. Not Rs. YOU.

How do u sleep at night while fckking over ur home state?
she doesnt care. Its why she endorsed Clinton despite over 70% of Washington voting for Bernie in the primaries
U shld've heard the state dels boo her off stage at the king county conventn. Thunder. She slid out like the she is
What can I do to help you?  You have my full support, please do what you can to stop the carnage.
You can donate $500,000 to her campaign like the Pahrmaseutical Industry did.
why did you vote against lower prescription drug prices?
quit obstructing! Do you're jobs ! Fix the #ACA ! It's broke ! Vote yes for #kateslaw ! God bless president TRUMP
The GOP hasn't offered an alternative- they have had 6 years and have done nothing
Why did you vote against prescription drugs from Canada? @SenateDems
@zachhaller @PattyMurray @SenateDems  Time to rethink your name...PattyWorseThanS...DemsWorseThanS...
Way to go Senator! They need to know we mean business!
unlikely they're too scared, she just joined the republicans to block cheaper drugs from canada. she takes massive donations from pharma.
is this the new norm???
the republicans will go down in disgrace. Be ready to take power in 2 years when we clean house. @SenateDems
