I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
Former President Bill Clinton campaigns Monday afternoon in Everett for Sen. Patty Murray.
Enough Proof Right Here To Prove Corruption
thank you!!
that's right
@downeypatti so do yours. What your doing to the State of Wa. makes me sad and sick endangering Washingtonian's for your Globalist agenda.
keep it up Senator. Now how about going after him on Russia!
Thats old. You need to make up something else as you sip your clinton kool aid.
Generous of you to address him as P.
Dont worry. He is NOT your President
Thanks for pointing that out.
Trump is making middle Americans feel better again. That includes women. If leftist women are unhappy, too bad for them. Leave.
You are in no position to say a word bribe taker. #ShameOnPattyMurray
women marching around dressed like vaginas & with pussy hats are an EMBARRASSMENT to all women who want to be taken seriously.
The act of murdering an unborn child because she's female speaks volumes over your lip service.
you dems totally forget bill Clinton. @POTUS never adsaulted any woman. What he said was bad but nothing compared to bill
They live in a world that thinks it can fabricate its own reality in which Bill Clinton was moral.
I'm a woman who has pleaded for your help and you still ignore me. Homeowners are being foreclosed on and you ignore them.
The corrupt dont care
It's really sad. So many are suffering and losing their homes and their is no governance. They just ignore us! Shame
senator like bill Clintons actions?
In future, female public figures in photo op with Trump should shake hands while twisting away, covering her crotch defensively
The crotches they wore on their heads at the march?
He has no respect, couldn't even walk his wife into the WH for the first time, respect starts at home
well his daughter IS running her own company that he set up for her & his wife has NOT filed  divorce or spoke negative to him.
@realDonaldTrump
 Trump has done more for the United States than you've done your entire career
he has demonstrated great respect for women and we support him
so true!  @realDonaldTrump If you love women then you should support reproductive rights for women. If so act accordingly!
@ellyfmn @KellyannePolls was 1st woman in history 2 run successful prez campaign-you ARE celebrating HER accomplishments right
you think @realDonaldTrump respects her? Ok.
have you met him personally to answer that-?
I believe women who say what he has done/said. We need to start proving innocence instead of guilt
The burden of proof here is on the prosecutor who either proves or does not prove one is  guilty.
not to mention instead of firing or removing a miss America he paid for drug rehab so she could get better & continue her roll.
Precisely why President Trump has been speaking louder than the last 4 Presidents combined. Exit your twilight zone.
What exactly has he done to NOT to support women Pat?  Would love to hear
So you liked Bill's actions toward women better? Sex Predator, cigar f??ked a woman, raped?
Ms.Murray-you're hopelessly cynical- Prayers for your heart
and didn't trump sign a stem program for women? You wanted action
tell that to Bill Clinton
Then why is my twitter feed filled with so many of your words?  For IWD, go support the women of the Middle East.They need you.
what actions? have you seen them or just spouting out more #fakenews
To be fair, his words have spoken pretty loudly too.
**APPLAUSE**
grabbing women by the pussy was just words...
@DadandBuried Trump's record is outstanding. What have you done?
Yeah Patty
We've been waiting 24 years for any discernable actions of yours
Or you to merely string together 5 coherent words
"actions" like a bunch of women going on strike today? Ridiculous. So many women laughing at this foolish display.
@OctoberRust75 You can drop the Mr President part; he's not qualified.

They sure do, when we voted for @realDonaldTrump, it spoke louder than your silly tweet! #InternationalWomensDay #MAGA
YES!  
I love you right now
how about you worry about your own state which you suck at taking care of before worrying about the president!
Why be so diplomatic?  Call it what it is - Trumpypoo.
@GregJohnsMLB One of first people to hire women to prestiges positions. Pays them same as men. Hired woman to run his campaign
and I'm the Queen of England
I don't think he wrote it. I think @IvankaTrump did for him.
thank you Senator Murray!

And his "words" about women have already spoken VOLUMES.
head your own advice
Any man or woman in this country who believes Trump is either brain dead or living in an alernate reality.
Word. Love you, Senator Murray!
You said it, Senator!
Please stay away from him. He's gross.
yeah but words also speak louder than tweets. He's said plenty about women to date in public for us to know his feelings.
like when you blab about the heath care bill but do nothing to offer ideas and options?
Amen.
Thank you, Senator!
Patty you are your liberal buddies are the only thing women should worry about.

My senator speaks for me.
Boilerplate!
Obviously he didn't write that tweet. No CAPS, exclamations, misspellings.But hey,China gave him trademark 4 Trump Escorts.#IWD
Exactly!
Don't tell women "where" they can get healthcare #IStandWithPP 
Equal Pay
Reproductive Choice
Medicare 4 All
Thank you Senator @PattyMurray for all you do!!
Not to mention his words that have repeatedly said otherwise #SoCalledPresident
tremendous respect equals one whole tweet. #russiastory
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?  You act like such a child.
Have you seen the parody of the Village People YMCA Song?
I agree!  Why don't you get to work with the other side and come to an agreement on a GOOD PLAN.
Yaaaassss Tell him! So proud to have you as my Senator!
