.@PattyMurray: I look fwd to bipartisan hearings in Sept, bringing in voices & working w colleagues on/off committee https://youtu.be/JzmEVCQlnDY 
We have a lot we need to do, esp. when it comes to uncertainty in markets, Trump threats, & potential for significant premium increases.
If anyone dies due to Trumps unwillingness to pay out subsidies will you hold him accountable? Will he be accountable ever for anything?
Don't give the citizens another ACA that's going to fail or prems keep going up like the last one you backed. I think fixing ACA  a waste.
Thank you!
Allowing states to waive Essential health benefits needs to be a NON starter!!!
I bet 5 Dem women Sens & 5 GOP women Sens could work together to draft a truly bipartisan HC Bill!
10 women can do the job 13 men couldn't!
And more  $$  to PLANNED PARENTHOOD,  
that would be you're answer. Don't It ain't going to happen. Stop funding P. P.  TERM LIMITS for you
Y r u not taking a stand for single payer? Now is not the time to befriend bullies who wld leave mill of amer out in the cold in a second.
Satisfactory
You are really scrambling now, all that mud slinging and no backup plan if it did fail. You own this turd called Obamacare, fix it!
Tough issue's like the ACA, that you did not write or read, or the VA for the 25 years you've been Senator? #SuchALiar
@HELPCmteDems Thank you for working together to fix the ACA.
Thank you for your work on fixing the ACA.  It is important for the health of all Americans poor and rich.
Thank you for putting people first & partnering on solutions.
Maybe in stead of being on vacation more than the rest of Americans - you all should be working when we work - FIX IT
Thanks!!!!
Why did you wait 7 years??? For a Senator you are sorry example to our youth.
Senator, have you looked what has happened to health care in Washington.It is so expensive and little joice. We lost when you killed repair.
Thank you! This is the only way to do right by the American people.
#singlepayer should be the only thing on the table being offered by Dems
But did you solve the issues to the benefit of all your constituents?
Excellent work you two... Keep it up! Be the example!
Check with your boss Schumer first!
Don't use taxpayer money to bail out the insurance companies!! That is not the answer
Repeal
Good luck, he votes against the interests of women in our state every chance he gets.
Please pay no attention to the automotons in the Ryan House. The McSally effort will still kill millions.
Thank you for reaching across the aisle to discuss healthcare!!! Washington, and the rest of the country, is counting on it!
P on dems. They aren't worth talking to!!!!
Would love to see @PattyMurray and my TN @SenAlexander work together to improve health care, especially for those with health disparities.
Go get em. Every answer to fix from u will be "more money " every time
Thank you, Senator Murray. We look forward to what you and Senator Alexander can accomplish in bipartisan hearings.
Will it include you getting your very own plan like the rest of Americans?
This not accomplishment. When we elected u It's was expected 2 work with Rep. Why R expecting a recognition? We pay ur salary. Put us 1st.
You two go play in your sandbox now.
Thank you so  much.  @MaxineWaters has been very vocal for all Americans as well.  I think the women are not afraid, as I can hear/
Senator.. We the people were caught in the middle of foolish & selfish parties fight. Democrats & republicans never sincerely put us 1st.SAD
Thanks for sticking with it Senator!
Plz, plz, stop political wars and work together for all people.Resistance & obstruction by Dem Pty is not productive & has been destructive.
Good U R doing that. In fact u should've  worked with them back on Feb. When POTUS outreached 2 Dems during his State of the union address.
#SinglePayerNow
#MedicareForAll
Can you explain what this means in terms of Mitch McConnell's statements today? What will Senators do about him nuking leg. filibuster?
You are rejected, just keep sticking it to the good ole American people,way to go champ.
Single payer is s non starter
Remember, health care is not a competition between Dems and Repubs.  It's a matter of life or death, literally, for We, The People.
THANK YOU for being a voice for common sense, and for recognition that there are real people out there. Go Senate women!
Don't believe you
Thank you Senator 

Don't you dare bail out the insurance companies! Get your s*** together Patty.
You should understand the issue more thoroughly.  Reimbursements are not bailouts they are a component of the system.
You should understand the debt that the insurance companies are carrying.
There is a bubble-that's why Dems want to keep Obamacare.
Yeah I second that motion on public hearing you think you can make that happen that would be good to have a public hearing.
It's about time you guys been working on it for over 7 years also what's up with the 70 waivers in the last 7 years will you explain that ?
You ppl should earn your money and stay in DC and do your jobs!
#UniversalHealthCare #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
It is not rocket science to put a brakes on medical insurance and put a reasonable ceiling on the cost of care.
Will there be public hearings? If so, how does one participate? Thank you.

Thank you!

Figure out how to force the premiums down low enough so 87% of that 23million you 'saved' can afford them? No? Get back to me when you do.
Please don't kowtow to the regressives - go for the plan that progressives want. Healthcare shouldn't be a for profit business. #TrumpRussia
LOL, "Bruce" - willful ignorance is always amazing.  I block regressive asshats and trolls, whether paid by Russia or not. Tata!!
