Trump donates salary to Education Department for STEM camp for kids http://hill.cm/RLDnogu  
Why pay federal taxes w/o affordable health insurance, infastructure funds & education? 

I don't want to fund a wall or Trump's luxuries.
And he did this... https://twitter.com/votevets/status/890234330576035843 … He did this to people who aren't afraid to fight for freedom.
Today, @potus banned #transgender people from doing something he was too much of a coward to ever do: serve & protect our nation in uniform. 
You are scare mongering again. $9 billion / 55.6 million students comes to cutting $161.87 per student. The cost of your tennis shoes today.
Keep Americans stupid so that they vote for Trump-the Republican policy.
Not to mention another tax credit for his "donation" and his continued profits made by being potus 
This is not a donation. This is #TrumpSideShowHustle trying to make us believe he's generous.
To whom r u donating ur salary, Senator?
Hey Trump"followers": I guess you voted to have no healthcare, and now $9 bil less to educate your kids. Tired of the all the winning, yet?
If you want healthcare get a job that offers it. You call what we have now "education", our system has been going backwards for years. #MAGA
Sure, and cutting billions of dollars out will help?
He wants to make America stupid! God help us ALL! He's clueless! Where are all the jobs he promised? Lying sack of garbage!
Took me 19 seconds to Google it... You should try it sometime. But then again we know Google shows biased results.
Seriously Patty, check your statistics, facts and do your math before you emote. https://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=372 …
You mean to the US Dept of Education, lets not confuse that with actual education.
That is awesome. Rid us of corrupt teachers unions which is the reason our kids are failing across the board. Dems keep unions alive. Shame
Yup, and hopefully evey other department, agency, bureau and gov’t funded organization.
That salary of his is getting stretched rather thin with all the Fake Donations.
Phony baloney.
Since the majority of @realDonaldTrump  voters are uneducated, it's clearly in his best interest to keep people uneducated. 
#ineptPOTUS
The department of education needs much more funding!  We want our kids  smart, not like the walking stupid!!!
come up with an alternative way 2 save the money.  USA going broke, you don't get it. Oh yeah, except the part where you're getting rich.
And don't forget how much he costs us every time he goes golfing! How about not golfing every weekend and saving US Tax $!
Fight every single thing that hurt the people of this nation.
Fight, Senator, FIGHT!
YES! B/c the education system is a money maker not an educational system. Teachers Unions and Lobbyist ruined it, needs complete #Overhaul
You even aware of what's happening in Washington State? do you know who you work for oh that's right http://Pharmaceuticals.You 're a real piece
Where's all the tax money, the lottery money the weed money and all the other money you steal from us for education, where is that going?
Only because he was called out on it!
Trump's salary won't make up for the cuts made in his budget - Trump is a sleazy con man and nothing more. #StopTrump #ImpeachTrump
Thank you @PattyMurray for sharing #Truth.
Leave education to the states, why does fed govt have to be in on everything
Amazing hypocrisy.
Why do we have a man as President who knows nothing at all about life? This man will ruin all we stand for in less than a years time.
Good, maybe you all should learn to budget and put the emphasis back on better educating the children of taxpayers.
WA state has two of the most whacked out leftist senators in the country. They do nothing but promote liberal collectivism. The Borg.
Kinda like cutting someone's head off and then offering them a band-aid. AKA- the supportive F you.
How do we say HIP O CRIT.   Boom
Patty ask anyone at the local level about Federal stupid mandates. Cut the mandates, cut the bureaucracy.
He must be hoping that if everyone is as ignorant as he is he stands a chance of political survival.
Stupid is as Stupid does.
#DJT doesn't want the #children of #America to be smarter than he is.  Unfortunately 4 him, the #children r infinitely smarter.
#education
Including ending the campus-based child care program that helps student parents graduate and better provide for their families.
and 21st cent learning centers where, gasp, STEM learning happens... and nearly 40 FTEs at OCR where laws protect access to STEM for all
SO IMPEACH HIM ALREADY!!! I'm sick of this disgrace!
It's a spending cut. DOE needs to learn to use $ responsibly, as everyone should. How much do you donate to the Dept of Education, Senator?
More showboating for Trump and @BetsyDeVos that will do anything stop children from having a education
Sorry Patty there's a difference between donating salary & saying you're going to donate salary.  tRUmp doesn't understand that.
Dear God, 45 high speed rolling toward disaster.......
Does he realize how much people actually despise him. When he was just a jackass on tv, I didn't care! Now 
Yet he doesn't want immigrants??? Someone will need to work the highly skilled jobs then.
making it an 8,999,900,000 cut.
Exactly such BS
Dumb down society....
As #criminals protect criminals vote your

 #criminalparty home the bad teachers have to go
Thank goodness I was fortunate to get a good education ...enough to know the math on that equation is not good for kids.
Yeah, you people waste a lot of other people's money.
I am at a loss, I am flabbergasted....
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/874418923155968000 …
....that few in the press & NOBODY in Congress will mention this.
91:
I am pretty sure EVERY REASON the press does not cover #WilburRoss Russian money laundering =
STUPIDITY, COWARDICE, &/or CORRUPTION. 
Please keep fighting these ridiculous policies/budgets.
Tuition free & single payer, senator. Those are the answers!!
