President Trump plans to end a key set of Obamacare subsidies that helped lower-income enrollees pay for health care http://cnn.it/2ia3hzv  
This pattern of governing by sabotage makes it more critical we show patients & fams we can work together to undo damage @Potus is causing.
I'm still working w @SenAlexander & believe we can reach a deal quickly. I urge Republican leaders to do the right thing & support our work.
As usual you do not know what you are talking about
Thank you Senator Murray, now about that 25th amendment
@Potus and his entire cabinet have never felt the financial fear that he/they are inflicting on the people of the USA. Listen to the ppl!
Find a way to lower premiums and make health care affordable for private policies. You are being reckless and, frankly, impulsively stupid.
He's losing points not gaining.
What you do is obstruct
& @BarackObama wrecked the insurance industry and medical profession. Lied about keeping plan& doctor. No plans in my county.
It's Appalling YOU have done Nothing
DO SOMETHING
Well then maybe you should have supported the one candidate who would've beat him AND what your state's voters actually wanted. #BWHW
If we could make him poor and have him try to buy insurance...then what? We'll just point and laugh?
Stay the course, Senator. If we all keep pushing the flywheel, it will gain momentum and power the engine of change. 2545
“Keep Pushing the flywheel”, “gain momentum”, power the engine of change”. Did you get this off a cartoon?  How’s your Moms portfolio doing?
Wow! OC increased premiums! Lower income couldn't afford it then got fined.
Apparently, the rule of law means little to you: ACA subsidies patently illegal!
Yes, it's appalling, he's trying to make the senate work for the people. You all need to get off your backsides and work for the people!
You don't know what you're talking about
If Obama care was any good it wouldn’t need subsidies! Funny you didn’t know that????
“Appalling”, “reckless”, “hurt”, “spiteful” . You got a lot of negative adjectives in that short tweet.  Good job!   Now shut up!  Really!
Why would you endorse that ANY POTUS should violate the law? You are a legislator. Change the law or obey the law.
Why Trump’s health care EO helps folks now, pending Congress authorizing additional comprehensive improvements: http://dailysignal.com/2017/10/12/trumps-executive-order-health-care-positive-step/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=MorningBell&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiTVRnMFpUSTBPVE0zWWpBMSIsInQiOiJDdnN5ejBFcWZBWEhEbGI5NEpFdktmd1gyeE1KdjFcLzNubUJZUHpKZWRyWHVyRWJnQzNIcEFEd1NjeklHYXdNXC96U2hZa0FEQXROdEZZbnJWendhamo4MUFWUWtNdnlmS1k0d21EbmZBQjhwT2JIb2EydFlBU2t5bWY1VWcwV1FJIn0%3D …
The Leftists & their #POTUS44 already did that to premiums and patients prior to 2017. It's called ObamaCare.
The ACA is not working. If you were to be  honest you would admit that.  People are paying exorbitant amount for insurance with high deductibles.  Cost of insurance had increased immensely under the ACA.  POTUS tried to get a better plan.  No help from dems.
Your vote 4 Obamacare is what rose rates.  Keep plan, doctor, save $2500  thanks Democrats!  Now move over and let Trump lead #MAGA
didn't vote for you but keep working Patty.  We need a path forward once the madness is over
Subsidies were illegal and your ignorance/malice is showing. ACA is a lie and you know it.
Democrats always divide the people. Your resistance will lead to greater GOP margins next election. Didn't believe it last time. Just wait
I'm so sick of hearing the Democratic lies
Good article about #Trump's ex action http://www.factpower.org/panic.html 
I am appalled,  but aside from that what do we need to do?! Isn't therr action we can take? Isn't it illegal to not uphold all of the ACA?
I really doubt it. let's revisit this in a year. please! then we will have fact and not opinion.
Let’s talk about the fact that I have a choice between two carriers in Washington, both without PPO’s. We are screwed!
Seriously Patty.. do you have Alzheimer’s? You and the rest of the Marxist Democrats did the same thing with Obamacare! Resign!!
Impeach him NOW!!!
Only way for 100 STATE'S Senators of legislative branch to control a rogue President is use their State's Rights to control #ExecutiveOrder
Has there EVER been such a hurtful President??
Dam!!! I'm 47 and working since I was 16 and I still can't afford health insurance.... Trump!!! Shame on the people!!!!!
Appalling leftist elitists are blocking everything needed to help the working class.

Get off your sorry arses & get to work.
This is what happens when you push your agenda too far, and hurt too many people in that pursuit.
How can you, one person let alone a senator be so incorrect, so often on so many issues?  Reply to me directly why I should continue to pay $700.13 per paycheck (26 per yr.) for health insurance that carries a $5,000 for my family. Or, pay a fine?
Let’s hope #TrumpCare destroys the GOP.
So appalling and it looks as if he's bound and determined to start WWIII. #impeachTrumpNow
Last time I check, that was money that Obama stole, from the us treasury!
It was reckless and lazy for you #Hypocrite democrats to let #ACA through the senate in the first place. Its still your mess.
Yes and you Murray voted for the military budget. U won’t get any progressive’s votes. Never from me
Also  Puerto Rico...
Suck it.
Why can't congress  override his EO?
You should know all about political points. Keep up the good work Mr president
So he can have his pic taken shake hands and get some hand claps. He's all about the show
How can he just break a law that congress passed? If I broke the law, would be arrested. But he gets to proudly tweet about it. @SenateDems
But will constituents object? Protest?
He is awful!! Please continue your bipartisan work and encourage the states to sue over this. 
SPITEFUL IS HIS MIDDLE NAME. Keep speaking out, Senator.
What is appalling is the FACT that no one in GOVERNMENT is even ATTEMPTING to stop him! He won't stop on his own! #25thAmendment
We don’t want him stoped he’s doing what he was elected to do. What he said he would do. Surprised?
Another Russian bot - @twitter do you job.
Sometimes u just jump in the water when the ship is going down as a leader in am expecting u 2 go down with the ship
please do something Senator. #ImpeachTrump 
SOMETHING!  I am begging you.
Resign.  He must follow the law lawmaker.
What did you expect?  He is an ignorant, racist man who practices white privilege
vengeance slashes
@408BAYdestrian What I find appalling is the fact you refuse to back single payer when your teabilly counterparts are sabotaging the law!!
You had your chance to do a new healthcare bill, however, you were sticking with the failing ObamaCare. @POTUS is stopping illegal payments.
Hmmm. It would seem the janitor at my work, who loudly supported Trump, will be losing his gov't subsided health care. 
@POTUS doesn't seem to know that he's hurting the very people he promised to help - the middle class. That 32% will shrink some more.
It's a death sentence for my husband...advanced diabetes, heart disease and can't afford health insurance. Thanks Trump
Thank you, Senator, for speaking out against this treasonous act. Trump is being a traitor to the American people. He needs to be removed!
Treason?
Trump is appalling and nobody should be surprised by anything this POS does.
When you stop calling the man in the orange blubber suit #POTUS , maybe the #MoronInChief will rethink his moves to kill #WeThePeople
He is just the worst.
He doesn't care
Please do something to stop him
With the subsidy my healthcare costs *incl ins premiums: $1000 per month. Without the subisdy, that will double! @SenAlexander r u listening
This is an outright war on the poor.  Trump and GOP need psychiatric help.
That's their fever dream is to get rid of the poor
Correct get rid of the poor get economy going so they won’t be poor anymore   Jobs and personal responsibility. God bless
That's a crime against humanity we are not a nazi country
why arent you convening a universal care plan like our advanced neighbors for ALL people? why arent we halting the massive profits?
Hear, hear.
What about Us @realDonaldTrump ?
We R the "WE THE PEOPLE"
All of Whom U Pledged Allegiance
2 UpHold the Constitution!
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU need to put an end to the big #Healthcare Insur Cos. Not Covering people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Congress
Pen Power Not Good In Decision Making
I Not Happy Very Bad Decision
Find the stake to get rid of the devil
It an insane idea from the most inept administration in modern history....but.......Obama
Rather than keeping trying to better lives for our citizens......Obama
Most importantly, healthcare had an untenable name on it.....Obama.
That’s how we’ll bleed the masses and create a country for “real”  and some of you guys are already sick so.......
You are appalling! Obamacare is hurting millions and increasing premiums! Get a clue and work with @POTUS. Do something good for once!
It’s appalling he’s @POTUS , at all. 
It’s appalling that this country would elect an incompetent child. 
It’s ALL appalling!!
From day one!
He's the alt right part of GOP they want to destroy the US get rid of poor, black pp, Latino, Muslims, LGBT, elderly only white rich ppl
Why should we subsidize anyone? If it were a good idea, it would stand on it's own. Insurance companies are bailing out on this trash
Patty we need YOU. Thanks for fighting for us! You would be a great president for ALL PEOPLE! Like Obama.
#25th45th
It's appalling @DEMS for taking this reckless step #Obamacare to increase premiums & hurt millions in a spiteful effort to score pol points
I'm curious if 45's base realizes tht they're n th mix of ths mean spirited vindictive inc of ACA premiums
Most of his base is the alt right and wealthy that want tax cuts
Back & help pass #MedicareForAll so we won't be subject to the whims of DT's executive orders. Saying you're appalled does nothing
In an Effort to unburden the American middle class would be far more accurate a statement
I'm SICK of hearing everyone complain about his actions but doing NOTHING to stop him!
AGa are filing law suits
Good luck president within law. Previous was not. Courts already ruled.
Congress can fix that
Yes, well he's demonstrated over and over that he's an appalling person with no moral character or decency. He's all about him.
Even more appalling is that this scores political points!!! Where is America?
@CNN Tell Hillary Clinton if non profit single payer is a pony the publicly funded scam we now have is a stallion!
Support single payer patty
You're a Senator and don't know that those subsidies are illegal?  #RESIGN
So do you support #SinglePayer yet?
You and the rest of the Ds Super Delegates put this man in office, quit bitching and work with him to get the nation Medicare for all NOW!!!!
If that happens you will die waiting to see a doctor. Look at the V.A dummy how about Canada or England. Careful what you wish for
All those people have health care.

Appalling? Yes.  Unexpected?  No.
"What the hell do you have to lose?!"  Everything.
And now he's speaking about values. This country is screwed
you had your chance to work with http://POTUS.you  blew it.
