At a time when so many families in WA state are struggling with rapidly rising housing costs, Dr. Ben Carson is the wrong choice to lead HUD
Administrating pubic housing w/o understanding the hsg profession is dangerous. I hope he will learn before taking action.
Agreed. Absolutely necessary for new leadership. Just want him to be careful and surround himself with smart people.
what great strides have been made over the past year in HUD? I will wait for a response.........
Of course you voted no.  You are mistaken and horrible
and what have the democrats done? 8 years of nothingness! Can't let you get away with, your own stupidity!
you voted no because he cares & you can't let your party loyal mind do what's right. He's a man who wants to make a difference.
you have done nothing and have lost my family's votes
too bad you didn't vote YES on drugs reimported from Canada
we need need blood and get rid of the old swamp water like yourself.
well done Patty. We dont need a neurosurgeon for this. Thanks and greetings from Redmond, WA
what have you done for homelessness?! You don't even acknowledge the people in your state. Look in the mirror.
thank you for your NO vote!  At least you tried.... so sad for our country!
You also voted NO on Sanders' Canadian Pharmaceuticals bill, and you've yet to off a reason why. I'd like to know why. 98033
Thank for representing your constituents. #RESIST
you mean SOME of her constituents
LOL
the election of Dr Carson is a travesty and will impact the funding of affordable housing
he lived in the projects so you know more than him?-you never  lived in poverty-he did-he is a neurosurgeon  and knows  people
yet Ben Carson was still made HUD Secretary. Why? Because what is left of ur party - HAS NO POWER! Hahahahaha
Washington State certainly needs one
Thank you @PattyMurray.
Landslide Patty. Defender of drug company price gouging, defender of insider trading, attacker of the Constitution. NoHopePatty
Thank you for your NO vote Patty!
gosh what is wrong with you? Ben Carlson is perfect choice cause he understand how HUD works. Tired of snowflakes agenda!
Thank you!
Disgraceful.   Republicans helped Obama get his cabinet in order 8 years ago.  Stop playing politics.  Get some honor.
Stop play school yard game Ms. partisan. Can you grow up? Just more reason to #draintheswamp #TermLimits
no experience is necessary for the Trump administration. Unfortunately 
thank you
BTW your acting hysterical.
Thank you, Madame Senator. I'm proud to support you #competencematters
More people are pouring in to #Freeattle get a grip. Maybe all the RVs in Sodo should pay for their license tabs.
thank you Patty!
surprised you still tweet. Smh
thank you for voting no. Keep up the fight! We need to #investigate #russiagate please!!
That's not true u voted no because he's a Republican.
I'm proud of you for standing strong!
is it because he's black
Thank you. V upsetting that some Dems voted for this completely unqualified person.
Thank you for doing what you could.
But they are trying to promote homelessness so he's just perfect.
Thank you for being there for us!
I was wondering who voted no.  I say give him a chance Senator.   Its time for change.  The old ways dont work anymore.
not news, JC could be up for a post you would vote no
thank for continuing to resist this agenda!!
We, the everday people who live paycheck to paycheck, are going to suffer from these appointments. Dem votes are worthless now.
Of course you voted NO bc that's all you Dem leaders can do now. You have no agenda except TRYING to stop POTUS agenda.
like all the great dem leaders leading the charge wtf have u been doing to help homelessness in america let me guess nothing
He's African-American. YOU are a BIGOT! and maybe a Nazi too...
.@PattyMurray The ever increasing homelessness epidemic in #Seattle needs to be addressed with real #leadership, this Includes #MentalHealth
what better experience than to experience it yourself?
You would vote against anything our President wanted.  He(Dr. Carson) lived it, he knows what to do.  Get a life.
@thepoliticalcat #AGSessions must resign.  No less.
yes patty must resign amen brother
I'm not your brother, fool. I'm talking about @AGSessions. Thank you @SenPattyMurray!
#Resist
Thank you.
Thank You Senator!
he is so much more intelligent than you on so many levels
@KNP2BP Experienced in what exactly? Politics? Fund raising? We've tried that model 4 decades. It doesn't work. Support Carson.
Because the "experienced" ones we've had have done so great, right? 
instead we get a man who will pray away the housing decay... For $$$
@deejay90192 Thank you, the entire 45 cabinet is the most inexperienced one in history. Note supporters are seeing 1st hand
toe the party line, whydoncha? Put your white pantsuit back on and go sit quietly in the corner. The adults are talking now…
thank you!
You are correct 100%.
@deejay90192 Thank you!
and without a majority you know that no was pointless , try actually doing something instead of wasting a vote
Draining the swamp is coming along nicely. Very happy with #bencarson
Thank you for your vote. Please push to have Session removed as AG.
Seeing as Obama's selection did so well, maybe thinking out of the box is a prudent approach
racist
you mean like the enormous experience of the current congress, who's failed to make any significant progress on these issues?
THANK YOU, @PattyMurray
Because a man who overcame his childhood of growing up in the projects has so clue how to fight homelessness and poverty?! #SMH
VERY CRUEL!!!
Wow, just wow...and this coming from a progressive...maybe if he was transgender thanyou would vote yea...#shameonyou
by experienced do you mean a life long bureaucrat or just a democrat?
just like the dems have been doing right?
YOU Guys CARE MOVE About illegals and refugees than homeless vets
Thank you for voting no! I appreciate you and the work  you do for all of us!
Palin: I can see Russia from my house! 
                         Trump: Well, I can see Russians in my office.
murray can i have more of ur money big pharma
It's a joke Ben Carson was even nominated for HUD! He's unqualified and yet the Republicans voted him in bc of Party & not exp.
@FrankieRusso1 First time you ever spoke of it.  Silly girl.
I think it's crickets from Patty!
then you will be voted out
a community organizer was ok to be president. but a brain surgeon inst for HUD.
Curious that a even a neurosurgeon isn't good enough for @PattyMurray. #Racism has no place in our society. Shameful.
partison hack Carson is gonna do great
thank you
thank you!
is so anti-republican. Doesn't have that mindset to work with republicans on overall issues this nation is facing.
No, what we need is a growing economy that gives the homeless jobs. Chicken or egg Patty. Hand UP - Not hand outs! @ericbolling
thank you!!!
Thank you, Senator Murray!
how's that worked for ya over the last eight years ( at least) the hypocrisy is mind boggling.
thank you!  We need to oppose these unqualified people every. Single. Time. #resist
You're projecting.
Vote *YES* and support Sen Sanders legislation S469 tackling big pharma!

Voter 98502
if living in the projects is all the experience needed, there are many people more qualified. Surgeon General woukd've been ok
of course you did, you're a democrat who wants @POTUS to fail. I feel sorry for you & our country!
You are a puppet for them:
So you support an inexperienced pilot to fly a plane too! Sounds hypocritical and self destructive! Wow

thank you for continuing to fight.
Thank you for that vote
thank you for the No
Have you voted yes on anything that benefits anyone but you career politicians? #TermLimits
retire
100% Agree.
Homelessness and housing affordability are local and state issues. Get busy! Wa chooses to support illegals over citizens.
WA isn't the only state with a growing homeless population. Property prices are high. People being forced out.
Thank you, Senator!
Actually you voted no because he has an "R" after his name.
weird given how she voted for other, more qualified Trump nominees
Patty Murray: you don't think the #1 brain surgeon in the world can figure it out?
neuroscience is different from public policy. Would you let a brilliant political analyst operate on your brain?
Dr Ben Carson was raised in poverty by his illiterate, single black mother. He has a heart for the poor and black.
it's great to know that not everyone has lost their minds in that chamber. Thanks!
Politicians are not experienced. We need real world experience. He has it.
what experience does Dr Carson have that qualifies him to lead on housing and urban development? Honest question.
Living in public housing gives him more HUD experience than most all in the Chambers, I suspect.
fair enough. I don't agree but I see where you're coming from.
Notice I didn't say leadership experience, but methinks he will do fine.
He led the pediatric neuro @ John Hopkins--very complex legally risky, high skilled team in giant org.
But you voted to change Senate rules, allowing him to be confirmed with 58 votes.
because she was cocky thinking Hillary had it in the bank.
thank you!
thank you, Senator
He's a proven leader, independent thinker and brilliant. No wonder you voted against him. #DipStick
proven leader? Need evidence for that please
Serious? Study his professional career. #Please
k I looked. Couldn't find one thing Ben Carson successfully led. You able to share an example or no?
Amazing, where did you look, Dr Suess?
Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for our morals and integrity. You embody WA values.  #PosseWA
not mine-hello, there's more than just progressive limbs in this state.
Thank you Senator Murray.
ur state will now see u as a racist voting against a black man and those kkk outfits u wore when pres trup spoke
Thank you. Now, can you circle back and get to the bottom of Price saying @RepChrisCollins makes $M of inside trading? Please.
Thank you for your courage and dedication! We're counting on you. I'm so proud to be a WA resident.
Thank you Senator.
ur state needs a senator doing the will of the people not lying and obstructing the people of ur state will remember  next time
