Coverage is being cut, because of ACA. Remember ACA Senator? Where was this "together" crap 8 years ago? Time for you to go. #GrownRoots
ACA ws started bc of the costs of healthcare, greediness of ins compnies, excluding peple with pre condtions Time for bth sides to wrk 2gthr
And with ACA we have higher health care costs!! Put it on the open market and let capitalism work!!
Problem with capitalism in healthcare is ins companies make gobs of money
off the sick and policy holders while having no accountability.
@danoh6  "Gobs" of money, "no accountability" are very sweeping/general statements. Market-place still superior to any gov plan.
United Health Care made over 10 billion in PROFIT!
That leaves a lot of room for a lot of competition doesn't it? Show where getting the govt involved made anything cost less, more efficient?
Good discussin. My son's health pln, nt thru ACA, gives him a credit on hs deduct evry yr he dsn't use it That was mandted by ACA.
Thanks Senator!! This health care bill is horrible!!
In every way, yes. Measurably so.
Covering pre-existing conditions is better. Covering ambulance services and other basic services is better.
Yes. In the same way a single woman gets to pay for a man's testicular exam. That's how insurance works.
There is no freedom if you or your kids have pre existing conditions. The old days left millions uninsured
Please keep #Healthcare as your top priority!
After the ACA is fixed, bipartisan movement toward single payer would be a positive move for our country.
Why is single payer a bad idea in your view? I really want to know. I'm not certain that I get all the facts from other sources. Thanks.
Thanks! Awareness of downsides very important to getting us better healthcare. I'm working on becoming better informed. In progress.
Please fight loudly against the Senate health care bill.
We are counting you, Senator! #SaveOurCare
Okay, tell us what is broke, ur plan to fix the ACA.  Ready? Go
Pepole need to help themselves. The free market is the best solution for this. Gov does it wrong. See The last health care bill you passed.
Single payer is the way to go! It works for most of the developed world!! The greed of the ins Companies is what's failing the people
Would save lots of money, as in not for profit=lower taxes, nobody sitting at a desk saying your not covered for that preexisting condit
You have more power negotiating with pharma companies for lower prices for drugs, thus lower taxes!
Instead of me explaining it to you try doing some research, and find out like I did

#UniversalCoverage!
Resign , fake senator
Stupid is as stupid does!
Get u and the government out and people will have more choices
What good is insurance if your Dr. won't take it. True. Your rich donors will not be waiting at the clinic with the "folks". Neither will U
Barack did such a good Job NOT
The theory is we are free, not if elites and Patty has her way Please stay out of my life!
GOP do your job or lose it!
Sorry but you already did that in 2010... all alone dems harmed millions! Please God not a second bite
Have you ever thought that some people don't want "coverage".  It's a choice, not a mandate. Get out of people's lives and try tax cuts
Why fix YOUR obamacare. Didnt you support it?
In order to fix healthcare globally we need to take a close look to healthcare provider cost is very out of control and it's causing problem
Btw - Honey, health care is NOT the same as health insurance ... But, you wouldn't know that since you're from Bothell ...
Comment is off the target.
Why don't you push for Tort Reform?? All night I see ads for medical malpractice lawsuits basically promising everyone $$$$$ if they sue
Nice ypu want to fix the crap you helped create .Allow people to buy what they want and need
What we want and what we need may not be the same thing. Only looking back proves that.
So u agree the ACA sucks, well that's a start. & giving ppl the choice, which u folks r big on, to choose what they want isn't cutting.
Making healthcare more expensive results in cuts to care to avoid the high expense. Obamacare did that, and I lost my doctors of many years.

The revised #BCRA released today is the same bad bill; it will not #KeepKidsCovered. We will continue to speak out. 

Pediatricians are still calling, writing to their local papers, tweeting & speaking up to #KeepKidsCovered. 

How does cutting money and eliminating essential benefits do this? It does not. #KillTheBill #keepkidscovered https://twitter.com/vp/status/885946066075602944 …
Alaska  could use your help.
Long time AARP volunteer Jan Watson of Anchorage with a message for .@lisamurkowski . You can add your voice at http://spr.ly/60198sznR  
Perhaps you should speak to the 10 million who were screwed by you and the libs under ACA?
Allowing people to opt-out of something they neither need nor want is not "cutting coverage"
So they opt out, then get sick and receive care at taxpayers expense.  That's not fair either.
If you were concerned about health care, you would first legislate tort reform. Next the overcharging by the pharmaceuticals.Otherwise u lie
FREE GREAT COMPLETE HEALTHCARE DRUGS, OPTICAL, DENTAL. WE CHOSE PHYSICIANS, SPECIALISTS, HOSPITALS IMPEACH.
Correction: Our goal is #SinglePayerNow & not some revision of #ACA
Why is it impossible for the left to realize the best way to help someone is to make them help themselves? Get gov't out of health care.
Now you want to help after your plan has caused so much damage ?!
Thank you PM!  You are working incredibly hard and tirelessly for your constituents!
The Affordable Care Act was "designed to fail"
After you broke Healthcare with Obamacare you now feel it needs fixing?! You should have thot of that before you broke it! Just let it die.
If you haven't already, please join the call for Universal Guaranteed Health-care for all.
lol Seattle Times. Hardly a respectable paper.
Please RETAIN and IMPROVE Affordable Care Act! Senator Feinstein has suggestion ready to go right now! Let's put it together! Thanks!
40yr old men get women pregnant you know. Plus, women help offset your Viagra & Rogaine, or old folks arthritis meds. #StrongerTogether
Ok, my bad. Thought I'd try to reason with you, maybe give a different prospective 4 you to think about. I hope you find kindness. Bye SMH
Yes back to single payer and states to take care of older and preexisting, working class can take care of themselves!!!
Good Sunday, Senator Patty Murray of Washington, Will there come to some closure in this week ahead, for the Health Care Bill replacement???
Please NO on the GOP DEATH BILL and try to FIX the ACA . Thank you Senator Patty Murray! You have been noticed. ;)
100% of constitutional conservative believe government has no role in their healthcare. Repeal it all
We don't want Government Subsidized Healthcare! Get the government out of the way!
98% of GOP believes govt has NO role in giving people healthcare & they REALLY want to Cut SS, Medicare & Medicaid, so good luck with that!
Imagine next year's headlines: Women of the Senate "Bare Arms"and Make History! Female Bipartisan Committee Fixes Healthcare For GOOD!
Make it easy for insurance companies to provide a high deductible plan with portability...I can pay cash if I get a cold.
Patty, will you tell us how much money you have received from pharmaceutical companies?
Please put American citizens' safety/interests 1st!


The goal should be to give citizens freedom to chose if they want in insurance  and what they want.
Amen
Also, pls  Insist Grassley make T Jr & Manafort publicly testify under oath- Nat Sec issues. Why do they get sp treatment? TY
