#PayUSback the from private / charter flights!
Perry•Pruitt•Price•Conway•Zinke
#SwampAir
#BillionaireAir
#BillionAire
#PrivatePlaneGate
Add Rick Perry to the list.
I list him 1st above and below. 
#PayUSback
Perry
Pruitt
Price
Conway
Zinke
etc.
#SwampAir
Will @NancyPelosi be paying us back for the military planes she used to go to CA & all the booze & food WE bought her? Loretta Lynch?
What about Loretta Lynch using her government plane for some tarmac Lovin’ with Bill Clinton? You know they were getting it on!
Will you be having Loretta Lynch pay back cost of all her private jet travel, like the questionable tarmack meeting will Bill Clinton?
Will you pay us back the 400 million in cash Obadummy sent on a pallet for the hostages? Hypocrite!!
Pres. Trump should keep an eye on Iran keeping it end of bargain, since it’s too late cause payment was delivered.
Will Mel Watt? Hypocrisy is the Dem way right Patty?
Is this seriously suggesting that asking ur staff to arrange travel & give you a ride to the airport is the same as chartering a private jet
Don't act so innocent, Obama's cabinet members actually costed taxpayers more money for flights!! HYPOCRITES!!
Obama's cabinet members means more than one and they were authorized to!  IMPEACH TRUMP!
BULLSHIT
Keep pressing this issue until you get answers and until he pays the full cost of these flights..He has the $$ from insider trading!
As soon as Obamas pays me back tax money he took to fly his racist wife & mother & kids to china when he was sabotaging the USA Yes thank U
Fact its a fact. He did steal. What fact do you have on Obama none U tried 8 years. GOP crooks theives. Oh you went Trump university? Crooks
LOL 
And when obama admin took +\-20 more of the same type flights in the same time period  - not a peep out of any of you hypocrites 
Trump and team way over what Obama spent already
Lotta Pots calling the kettle black.
Oh, yeah he already stated that he’d do that. Something like $58k or something. You know this as well so what is the point of your feigned ignorance.
All those senators who have squandered our tax dollars, & plan 2 pay us back,  please stand up. I  won't hold my breath while waiting.
Please don't bother to run again in 2018 or we'll crush you at the polls!
The things you Trump supporters come up with. Hilarious!
All of them need to pay us back ALL of the money. He spent $1 million. Outrageous
I believe the Obama administration had more private flights, let's look at Congress as well. Claw back all waste including h/c fraud.
Did Nancy pelosi?
Wonder how much you have collected over the years, term limits
It's theft!  He should be prosecuted.
Full reimbursement for entire flight, none of this "cost of just my seat" BS
Put that million toward CHIP!
He offered too which is more than the last admin did.
And Kelly Anne?
- excellent question!!
Rich people're great at taking other people's money. When it comes to opening their own wallets you have to use a pry bar & blasting powder.
What about the last administration? Will they be paying back? Oh, only conservatives have too? Never mind what the Dems do right?
Will Nancy pelosi be giving back the 2 million she spent on flights
Not in the government turned elitist retreat for the ever pilfering
Will #BO?
Will the last administration be doing the same thing? Rules are rules.  You seem to only hold conservatives to the rule of law.
Should we look at all the Democrats that did the same stuff when Obama was in office
And will you make it right with the people for taking big pharma $ in 2011 then voting against lower drug prices?
Did Holder?
Will Loretta Lynch? and the rest of the Obama Administration???????
https://www.google.com/amp/www.nydailynews.com/amp/news/national/holder-cost-taxpayers-millions-travel-expenses-article-1.1418455 … It's called the Internet. Exposing hypocrites is easy. #CorruptDNC
What?and you've NEVER done anything like that? @PattyMurray
Thank you for pursuing this. I was afraid it would get lost in all the other incompetence and malfeasance of this administration.
Senator Patty use her own money to get to Washington?
Really?  Price has been using the system for a long time.  He will only pay back the minimal amount to keep him out of jail.
Ur my senator. What a hypocrite u r. 1 trillion per year under Obama.  Repugs r just as guilty.
Let's see a receipt!!
I hope so, will you be paying back all the kickbacks and bribes you receive?
I hope so
TomPrice ALREADY SAID hed pay back for HIS PART of charters TELL @NancyPelosi SHE needs 2 PAYBACK $110k SHE Charged Food/Drinks
He must!  There must be voices from us as taxpayers who will be watching and tweeting about it.
Will all of you pay back taxpayers for doing NOTHING
Will Michele Obama? Nancy Pelosi? The GSA? Etc?
Tell us Patty, how much did obama reimburse us when he used AF1 to campaign? What? The cost of one seat?
How infuriating it must be to have to ask Munchin, of all people
YOU democrats doubled the national debt during Obummers 8 years and are now worried about expenses?? 
#HypocritesInCongress
That's all I'm going to say.
is @EricHolder going to pay for all the private travel he did at taxpayers expense?
All of it, not just for his seat.  He ordered the plane, he pays for the plane.
#MenendezTrial
Did Nancy Pelosi reimburse the Tax payers? NOPE. Democrats never pay their bills they expect some else to pay. Obama spent $100 million
Simply put. No.
Can we sue him for it?
Resign
I think you are generous by asking only the repayment he should be penalized for it too.
Will Kelly Anne Conway? Mnuchin? Zinke? Pruitt? The Trump Family? Why stop at Price?
Thats what i said all in Congress and senate should pay back taxpayers for doing nothing
Will you pay us back the $800 Billion #congress wasted so far on the F-35 "fighter jet"?? Let's talk about real money, real waste l.
Talk to all those Republicans in Congress, right!
You voted to give trump an extra$70 billion for our bloated war machine, but won't support Medicare for all.
Thank you for asking.he needs to be held #accountable for his behavior.
Was Obama's cabinet held accountable?
Yes, he will. Deals already approved.
How about all the squanders under Obama, will they pay back. That's a lot of owed interest as well!
Will obama and his family?
Senator you of all people are all of a sudden worried about taxpayers dollars? This is the new Patty Murray HOORA!
So Patty, how much luxury travel have you taken on the taxpayer dime?
Not likely. I hear he's recently unemployed, after racking up a huge debt on the taxpayers' dime. He was hoping it was only $50K, not $400K.
Send him a bill, right after you send Mnuchin & Pruitt their bills!
In a word, No.
