@PaulGowder @Reuters Thinking I should go out of my expertise - Fed Employment Discrimination Law to Immigration Law volunteer.
yeah I'm going to waive into local bar this fall and talk a college into teaching me enough immig law
we can teach you consider joining http://Aila.org  visit http://www.airp.law 
God please.Before my Dad died, he couldn't even afford life changing med at $450 month ea mo
same.  Vietnam Vet. Retired and the level of VA care, or not, he had no chance.
The greatest loss of my lifetime. Take good care of yourself...
I'm sorry that mothers and kids could be separated, but that is the problem with illegal immigration.
there is no legal way to seek asylum from home you have to flee and ask for help
You  rich - wondering why don't you open up your home to these immigrants-you can afford it-most can't-practice what you preach
now that really sounds like the Nazi's. What is wrong with these people??
it to give a message to woman not to make the trip though dangerous Mexico with little kids. Very UnNazi
The USA's decades long broken foster care syst, rape & sexual abuse of children #epicemic in the USA. R we better than that?
for them to do this just to stop people wanting to illegally come here. Unconscionable!
Please help stop this!! This will ruin children for generations!
stay vocal. Stay involved. Be the "squeaky wheel". It may get uncomfortable but Lives depend on our discomfort.
I totally agree. Squeaky wheel gets the grease.
No other purpose than to be cruel. That's not American.
Patty, what part of ILLEGAL DON'T you UNDERSTAND?????????
It's heartless to break laws!! It's heartless to NOT stand for our fallen Veterans!!! But that's democratic party!!!
More fake News!!! Patty did you really fall for this nonsense.
@sidney_ella  Says who?
simple DONT BREAK THE LAW, crime has a cost
simple fix, don't attempt to illegally enter our great nation.
DSHS rips children away from their families everyday and NO one in WA state stops it; look how many are in foster care
Why do not you and Cantwell ask the rich people like you, in WA state to takes these families in -you can afford it-sad
This is not representative of American beliefs.  This is inhumane treatment.  America is better than this, I hope!
we r by far better than this. Stay strong and involved. Those who can't fight 4 themselves need us now more than ever
This is disgusting! How evil can these people be?
unfortunately, they r just getting started
nice try, comrade
your alternative is to quit trolling for Russia. Our alternative is getting Putin's lackey out of the WH.
There is no trump/GOP health plan
As a parent it's hard to fathom how it's possible that this is being considered.
Absltly right~Speak out loud Patty! Demand #Sessions #RESIGN You know other American wd be prosecuted @SEAindivisible
DSHS is heartless and cruel to our children! Traumatize them for life. They have had my Grand-Daughter for 6 months!
The problem is you Liberal Senators will not compromise and come up with a immigration bill to resolve this problem!
@intenseCA @Reuters he's a horrible man. Just horrible 
@shilohwalker @Reuters fight him! Please!
what? you don't consider intentionally baiting hateful racists and repeatedly denying it a "reason"?
you are right and it tells so much about him
This administration not only is corrupt but hateful...time to stand up and stop them in their tracks...this includes YOU!
"Considered"? The source being unnamed officials? Come on Patty  Stop the games and FEAR MONGERING! @PattyMurray Where's Ur focus?? RUSSIA
@borealizz @Reuters We need to get Trump & his evil cohorts out of the WH & anywhere near govt!
@borealizz @Reuters This is not the America I know! What Potus does this to families/children!? It's the beginning of Auschwizt
What can we do, Patty?! Please tell us how we can help!
You really are unfair to your citizens by spreading lies. Citizens deserve the TRUTH.
we don't have the resources to take care of the whole world. They need to make changes in their homeland,
DHS seems to thrive on cruel and abominable behavior that dehumanizes both the border patrol employees & immigrants
If you had been doing your job the last 8 years (25?) maybe this wouldn't be happening. Get to work, stop whining.
@CruzWhobris @Reuters
PLEASE fight this, and shutdown the NW Detention Center! We are BETTER than this. What evil has been unleashed?
Please do all that you can do to fight this new, heartless tactic.
Patty you should be ashamed of yourself. You need to get back to work. Democrats lost get over it!!!
You are right! This makes my heart hurt for these people! 
that is Fake News
100% agree with you, @PattyMurray. Stop the cruel @GOP. @Reuters
They try to enact this proposal, we'll all have to get out and march.
we have to control border status quo has failed what is your better idea--your constituent in Clark cnty
Should have had immigration reform & path to citizenship ages ago like McCain has wanted.
This is horrifying!
perhaps it will stop those planning on entering illegally from coming in the first place. That's not a bad thing.
We have to get beyond the fear. I introduce myself to each neighbor in SW. We're all different. But we're neighbors.
Patty, all it appears is that people only see is the negative. This nation was made by immigrants. DT is 2nd gen.
@resistinginwa @Reuters Gee way to keep us safe - what a joke.  We cannot let this crap happen in our country.
you and all elected Wa  state elected officials are all guilty of TREASON
we as citizens will not forget
Unbelievable.
he is the picture of white male privilege.  Disgraceful.
@Sunnysgrl62 @Reuters if you are committed to fighting injustices then join us in #TheResistance
Thank you for sharing this and for your position! #resist
Thank-you Senator Murray for highlighting this. So cruel and heartless. This will be a terrible thing to do to women & children
Sorry but illegal is illegal, hopefully they decide its not worth losing their children over.
This is awful! What kind of evil people are Trump and his cronies? Heartless swamp creatures!
I know you will do what you can to make it stop. Know that we have your back at home.
Repulsive! He can't be impeached soon enough! I want to watch him and anyone else corrupt in this admin go to jail!
.@Reuters CBP, ICE are out of control. How best to protest these outrages? They seem w/o legal oversight or moral compass.
need more information before coming to your conclusion! So I will educate myself on the subject. You should also!
Cruel is right
Furious..just furious.  It's punishing and traumatizing children for their parents action.  Barbaric!
Look, I'm new to politics, enginerd. But aren't there internat'l treaties this violates? Can someone else help?
If the GOP won't help and our checks and balances are too broken to make them, maybe another country could help on humanitarian grounds?
Shame. This must be stopped. Thanks for doing it!
Next we'll hear immigrants should be put to work while being detained to offset the costs of imprisonment. Disgusting!
@SenatorCantwell Facts before judgement please. What we expect from our Soltns!
obstructionist repubs stopped them. Can't you keep up. Good god, sir, pay some attention
What's your solution? Will you introduce a bill to do something humane yet stop the flow of illegals into this country?
awful.
A malignant narcissist has a hatred and rage for all women
It is heartless and utterly lacking in compassion. No other way to explain a move like this. :(
as a senator you know all about Artesia and Dilly and the rest of them. You know of the deplorable conditions. Help
if you are not familiar with these places check my Twitter page there are links to lots of information and pictures
Thank you, Senator.
This is not my country! Trump is everything America is not! What can we do to stop his cruelty?
The justifications are that the Republicans backing this crap are cruel and heartless and unchristian.
Thank you Senator Murray!
they should all be sent back together .. our immigration laws must be enforced -
thank you senator! Tries to get through to you to comment on this.
Cruelty for the sake of cruelty.  Thank you for speaking out against it.
