Because you're a power-hungry partisan hack who forgot she voted FOR Gorsuch to be on 10th Circuit court??
SIT DOWN!
look for a no vote for you when you run again
WA thanks you
Thank you from a grateful constituent in SW Washington.
Thank you!
thank you!
Your truly ignorant and will do everything you can to stop progress in this country!

you are wasting what political clout the democrats have,his next nominee will be worse
go G-man!!!
intellectual envy?
because he want legislate from the bench for your agenda!! Simple as that!!
thank you for voting no on Gorsuch. Filibuster the hell out of the vote.
why Murray is crying? Because her career is in a death spiral.  The lobbyist are not paying as much anymore either, are they.
he rules accordingly to the law not emotions and feelings Petty. Stop whining and change the laws you don't agree with
this could be summed down to youre a liberal
What about unborn babies rights?  Unconscionable how we've normalized killing a human fetus due to the mom's poor decision.
Mmm--Maybe U and others that think that way should support all children born 2 mom's who wanted an abortion. $$ up.
Ok,.Not going to make any difference, Gorsuch is going to be nominated so get used to it
The Demo Party acts like children!  You don't care about the future if America. Poor loser
thank you!
Stop hearings until the Russian-@realDonaldTrump investigation is cleared by independent prosecutor! Voting no is not statement
Pls vote to confirm.
#Hypocrisy at its finest.
YOU DEMS ARE NO POWER - YOU DON'T CONTROL ANYTHING SO SHUT UP
Senator, what changed in ten years? Since most decisions come from the circuit courts and not SCOTUS.
YAY!!!
Thank you!
thank you for the work you do on my behalf! - a constituent 
thank you Senator Murray.Gorsuch is a very poor choice for this lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court
As a constituent I want an answer to that question
Shame on you. Petulant obstructionism is not governing
Why this Amish dude so concerned about Judge Gorsuch?
gop goes nuclear thanks to ur friend chucky and gorsuch is in, ur no vote means nothing the dems showed the gop how to win
Brava, Senator!
she doesn't care about the will of the people . Only identity politics
You don't represent me... East Wenatchee. Politics always come first for you. Shame!
Disagree with your decision. Which constituents are you listening to?
Thanks Senator! I appreciate your hard work!
Because you are an obstructionist hat can't get over the fact that and outsider won the presidency.
Correct reasons,100% agree. However, I am afraid of where this filibuster is taking us for the future. #majorityvote very scary
thank you.
I am an Atheist, the Hobby Lobby decision is important to MY religious freedom. I support protections for religious Americans.
Thank you Sen Murray!!
THANKS!!!
LETS HOPE OTHER WAKE UP AND DO THE SAME.
Hobby Lobby was about religious freedom as guaranteed in Bill of Rights not about denying healthcare pls review First Amend.
Please share with Senator Cantwell. Many of us here in Washington State want both our senators for vote Nay on Gorsuch.
when you run for re-election, I would be honored to volunteer on your staff. I beleive you have an office in Everett, WA.
Thank You!
you are saying you want an advocate for women on court most people want a jurist who upholds constitution and is fair to all
Cant make up mind who's dumber: you, Pelosi or Waters. Recall interview where u unaware that employers pay tax on workers 
Fillibuster!  No vote until #TrumpRussiaCollusion is fully investigated.
Thank you Senator! #StopGorsuch
THANK YOU! Filibuster too!
Yeah! Patty!
Because she voted "yes" last time? What reasoning, #GoodGrief
Woo hoo!Thank YOU! #gorsuch
- Idiot
good!
@senatorcantwell How about getting @SenMajLeader  to put military officer promotions up for confirmation?
Please filibuster Gorsuch.
at this point Patty, your self-righteous indignation is misplaced. You are way out of touch with where humanity is & it's needs
More lies & empty frivolous statements.  Human rights are protected...women are humans last I checked.
By the way, if RBG dies, you're getting Judge Bill Pryor via nuclear option.  Enjoy!
Can't Understand Normal Thinking
Gorsuch uses too much logic.  Logic is a form of microaggression toward liberals.
Thank you!
Thank you @PattyMurray for voting No on Gorsuch. Also, Demand #NoRussiaProbeNoSCOTUSRobe
Thank you, Senator Murray. I have concerns about Gorsuch's ruling on school responsibility in educating special needs students.
You mam are on wrong side of history & welfare of human life.
.@PattyMurray you may be, strike that, are the most disingenuous legislator in the country. YOU VOTED FOR HIM IN '06.  You are #unfit2govern
So why did you, in 2006, voted for him to the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals?
RECALL INSLEE AND CANTWELL FOR TREASON AND SEDITION MURRAY MAKES THE LIST OF TRAITORS TO WASHINGTON STATE AND AMERICA
Blah blah blah blah blah!
I'm very disappointed.He's getting through no matter what. If Trump gets another pick, that's WAYYY more important!
I'm not happy here either but les pick our battles. He's a good judge & if Trump gets another pick its far more critical
