In reversal of Obama DOJ policy, Sessions orders federal prosecutors to seek maximum punishment for drug offenses http://nbcnews.to/2prNjn8 
Sessions' move would roll back progress & negatively impact ppl of color & communities disproportionately overrepresented in justice system.
Now is not the time to go backwards. Rehabilitation, not incarceration, is the most effective treatment for addiction & should be our focus.
I wish we could get Big Pharma to consider making #ibogaine. It cures the physical opioid addiction in 1 dose.
Fight!!!
Gee Patty how are drug dealers not violent?
If only the jackass would prosecute treason & other illegal acts by @POTUS as vigorously as these lame crimes, we'd be in pretty good shape.
History has shown every 200+ years a great nation falls... what does Russia have on us to empower Trump?  How much more do we allow?
If we impeach Trump... do we get to roll back all the damage he has caused?
awful... each day it gets worse
Thank you, @PattyMurray, for all your fights against T administration injustices.
@BraddJaffy Sessions shouldn't be allowed to makes anylaws he lied about Russians and now he wants this he's dangerous has togo
Enforcing laws is going backwards? Please explain. And adjust your tinfoil hat.
@BraddJaffy @NBCNews you will sell your soul for a vote disgusting
When Trump is impeached, Sessions should go! #Trumprussia #TrumpMuslimBan #Trumpcare #TrumpsWall #TrumpUniversity he is a con man!
@RealDTrump2k16 anything that hints Obama will be erased. It's about the ego not the people.  Trumps jealousy is unrivaled
What is your fear? That drugs will be controlled and the people that you've brainwashed will come to their senses?!
@BraddJaffy Are you kidding me this is exactly what gets them stuck in the system and it goes around SESSIONS needs to go
This problem has many facets. Can we focus on what puts them in jail instead of just trying to put even more there?
On this we agree. We have a contract "for a more
perfect Union... " It gives no authority over drugs or plants. Get out of Afagan poppy biz!
Lock them up. I am tired of living in fear of people breaking into my home for drugs.
Stand strong. Do the right thing.
Deepest Fears.. Washington elected you to represent us, the people not just those who's politics align with yours. Time to go to work Patty.
YES!!!!!!
Sessions has to go. He has lied under oath too
That you can't fix stupid?
Why no mention of the BiPartisan "Yea" vote you placed to confirm @POTUS U.S. Trade Rep on the 11th? Not "Resisty" enough? 
Why work with citizens to get better? The administration wants only to cut programs and funding. The Constitution is dying a painful death.
@NPR reported Sessions feels the law shouldn't be compromised. In light for his tampering with the Russia probe, his stance is compromised.
"Non violent drug offender" is a myth. Everyone, family, friend, communities, accidents, B&E, social services are all affected!
@BraddJaffy @NBCNews more money in for-profit prisons than for-profit schools.#corruption
I have to say our deepest fears about this entire administration have been confirmed.
Right after the privatized prisons are green lit. Big surprise. Sessions bows to lobbyists make sure they'll have inmates.
He's keeping America safe
Please remind Jeff Sessions what the Penalty for TREASON (in a time of war) is.
Private prisons be like...
Time to remove these fucks

@FBI get to it.
Bribes from private prison industry.
How horrible! An AG that will enforce laws passed by congress
Back to the bad ole days! 
How much stock does he have in private prisons. This isn't justice, it's draconian
The worst is yet to come unless we remove the entire corrupt Congress & their cohorts.
#StopSessions
Patty you are sick to participate in this lunacy. You have fallen in the hole. British regime is over & done for. -American system is back
Ask her...just for fun ...ask her what happened to all of the Libyan gold?
With the privatization ahead of prisons, they only make $'s when the prisons are full. Bet many in GOP have stocks in those companies.
he has class that you lack Patty.
Prison is a "business." Even more blacks will be incarcerated now. Can we incarcerate incompetent politicians?
I do not fear a "Law and Order" AG. Most drug law violators are liberal democrats.
I'm interested in seeing the data that supports your claim
30 yrs as a lawyer dealing with the Justice System and the people caught up in it. Criminals love liberal democrats!

 liberal
Interesting. 1st criminals are liberal democrats, then criminals love lib dems. Changing the terms of your argument, & no data.
Interesting.
Expect you to be logical. Liberal democrat criminals would not love Conservative Republicans who want them in jail. Evidence? Met 1,000!
No other country in World has more people behind bars - system of dollars.  All that money isn't used for rehabilitation social improvement
So racist and ignorant .
OMG, now you are against law & order. Plus you are making up stories to suit your base. You have learned how to not tell the truth. @FoxNews
The statistics I recall is entire prison population is equal to entire eastern US state
Ridiculous that US spends gross amounts of $ on incarceration and morally void we give money to for profit prisons.
Can the Attorney General of WA state do anything about this?
#firesessions Hopefully when th POS goes down Sessions will too #trumpColluded #TrumpRussia
@BraddJaffy RULE OF LAW, Senator. If U don't like the Rule, I'd like 2 point out, you're in a position 2 change the law. 
This is ineffective and anti-science. Will cost more and not fix the problem.
If only you knew someone in congress who could change the existing law as it is written. If only Senator Murray
Patty- dont let that racist Keebler elf take away our marijuana, we fought too hard for it.
Write a law that nullifies his policy
I am one of  constituents and please help us get rid of him.
tick tock your turn is coming
we need to impeach trump and get his associates out of office before its too late
He is filling his coffers and that of his buddy who owns the Private Prison system. Immigrants are not making enough money. Not long term $$
Actually they are just enforcing the laws on the books as written. Passed by congress, representatives and senators.... like yourself.
What happened to "states rights"?  Always for smaller govt when taking away protections, but need more govt when enforcing moral issues
I'm always for lesser govt & then states rights. What I am not for is laws passed, ignored when convenient then bitching when enforced
Sessions is going after states that are legalizing marijuana.  He has publicly said he would. This is step 1.
If only Senator Murray knew someone capable of changing the laws.
I hope that Sen. Murray and others - on both sides of the aisle - will consider that.
Yea.... kind of how the system is suppose to work
Exactly how it should work.  
This whole administration confirms our deepest fears-when are you and your fellow lawmakers going to DO something other than be afraid??
Well he is idiot # 2 what more can we say the man is locked in his own dysfunctional mind " people" should know their place is his motto
you confirm greatest fears of law abiding citizens. law must mean something. reason we have all this insanity is because of ppl like you.
The Repub wet dream. Business gets away with anything while minorities suffer.
Sessions is garbage wrapped in skin.
Private prisons make zillions. Thanks Jeffy
Stupid
