America belongs to anyone who are oppressed in thier home country.  Thats how oppressed  white men arrived here running from Europe
Really, murray, live by the border and see they cross illigally and end with freebies while Am. born pay for life. You want votes

Murray
Nobody said illegals were our enemies.
What are you doing Patty to help Parent's that have had their Children wrongfully seized by DSHS? Parents and Children have Civil Rights!!
The Senator only cares about transgenders,  gay marriage, and those here illegally.  Certain not about  the homeless, drugs, education, vets
How can you allow innocent children to be abused by DSHS. They lie to the DA and the judge. There is NO Due Process. Investigate them!!
We all "know" them, we have been paying for them for years!  Most are great people but are here illegally...our "feelings" don't make it OK
Lots of people who break the law are not our enemies, the law however remains the law.
They are here illegally. They need to follow the law like the rest of us.
This is why we have a Congress, to pass legislation that addresses these issues. Don't say "too hard" and pass to the executive branch.
No on called them enemies, but they are not lawful residents of this country, and we must persist in being a nation of laws, not men.
lets allow the Native pepole to make decision who can come and not come here. was not the white men whom invaded and raped the natives?
Sure. If you can show me their immigration and naturalization processes, as well as their mutually agreed upon lawful borders. #RedHerring
As a descendant of indigenous people from both the continental U.S. & Puerto Rico, please stop invoking my ancestors to advance your views.
My DNA says otherwise.
Dreamers are people who are illegal in America and have had years to make their status legal. If they haven't done it now they never will.
It is not about enemies...don't you get it...they broke the law and they must accept the consequence...leave and come back the right way!
Agreed! Honoring our commitment to The Dreamers is a moral issue --- not a political decision.
They have to go back. #IllegalInvaders
But, they are not legal.
Dreamers are young men and women in my community, who inspire me everyday. They are kids I coached, who believe in the American Dream.
Want to defend daca? Impeach or 25:4 our insane racist potus.
no one said they are enemies. They are here and have had plenty of time to start the process of citizenship.so whats the hold up
More important than all the roles they have ONE ROLE THEY SHARE WITH EVERYONE IS THEY ARE A HUMAN BEING
You love them so much Patty take them home with you let him camp in your front yard
Careful you may need the votes u lose.
No one has called them enemies Patty they are illegally here and they don't belong here. Don't you give one iota for our American children?
They belong here just as much as anybody else.
Not
They were brought here when they were children. This is the only home they've ever known. They are Americans just as much as you and I.
The two words you used says it all, Brought here. If I took my children to Mexico illegally that doesn't make them citizens of Mexico.
Become Americans
Aren't you a USA senator? Then you should know " illegal is illegal ". That means they broke the law. Maybe you aren't qualified to senator
I agree with you
And then there's the law...  What a pandering dope.
@eranow @NC4ERANOW @United4Equality  @NOWYoungFems  
U ARE THE ONLY DEM N WA DELEGATION 2 NOT COSPONSOR SJR5. 
Take off brakes!
They are here illegally.  Represent citizens and legal immigrants.
Don't forget our sons and daughter.  Just got married and my son has DACA, we will fight with everything we have.  Impeach Trump
Impeach Trump for enforcing FEDERAL law. Well there's a concept. Why not fire the Stste Patrol officer that ticket me for speeding?
You can say none of those things about our current potus
A great many declared themselves to be our enemies: 1. alcoholic bigamist cook stabbed waiter with butcher knife 2. jihadist waiter threats
Nobody referred to them as enemies senator, they just aren't legal citizens
And students
This is your senator,refugees, illegals, LBGT,allcome before the American ppl when will you put this socialist out she takes  you for fouls
Patty im sure you have donated to hurrican harvey relief??????
You don't deserve your office. I for one will join the fight to replace you & Cantwell!
It's incredible how little you care for Americans.  A disaster in the US, & all you care about is increasing your voting block.
That's right!!!
Senator there are good and bad you act like they r the salt of the earth. Democrats caused this problem and 
It's not fix by sugar coat
Senator, CHANGE THE LAW!!!!
I dream of a day when people come here legally and don't have clown politicians pretend it's not a crime otherwise. My MLK moment
You are right not enemies. Just illegally in our country. Support the law, or change it. You are a law maker. Not a judge &jury !
"LETS GET REAL" 
#InvestInAmericanCitizens 

-Illegals are the #ModernDaySlaveCamps supported by Democrats 

-Stop Spending TaxOn Illegals
Ok. Well they can DREAM about coming and staying here all they want... if they want to make that DREAM come true then do it LEGALLY.
"American Citizens" Millennials Earning #Next2Nothing UImport HigherPaying jobs from outside Our Country
#CreateTradeSchools #AmericaFirst
I say; Lets take all the spent on Illegals away! Divert that money to help our Citizens w/ #TradeSchools 2Help Our #AmericanCitizensFirst
They are called illegal immigrants. Keeping them here is against the law.
Those That Don't Agree With Your Policies You're Saying;We View Illegals As Our Enemy Is #Preposterous & Shameful #2SayTheLeast #GoneIn2018
There's a "Vast Amount of Americans" that would appreciate you and our Congress placing #AmericanCitizensFirst #StopRaceBaiting PATTY!
and who said they were --please don't start baloney
Oh my.. when I went to Mexico...I had to high tail it back when my visa was up. Think...
I would think you would work hard as a US Senator for our wonderful children before working for illegal children,how sad. Obummer all over.
Give up #DefendDACA Patty as the funds spent on illegals should be used to help the children of your legal constituents. Do your job Patty.
They're also illegal immigrants.
One question Senator; is every foreign student under the age of 18 entitled to US citizenship?
Please remember our PRE9/11 PHYSICALLY WOUNDED Veterans. We need the same Caregiver Stipend as a POST 9/11 vet w PTSD. Thanks.
Oh, really...Obama was the "Deporter-in-Chief" Deported more than ALL previous Presidents...COMBINED! Is Obama your Friend?
So give them and the rest of us universal healthcare.
Why don't you launch yourself into space to look for care from the universe. China & all the others prove it doesn't work!
Patty, What part of ILLEGAL ALIEN don't you understand!!!!  The LAW should put you in JAIL!
I'm an unemployed American, Veteran, and living in my car  #AmericaFirst  #ENDDACA
#americafirst    WE HAVE THOUSANDS UNEMPLOYED AND HOMELESS.    END DACA NOW.
But their not American Citizens so your point doesn't matter. You swore an oath to protect and defend the constitution, not the DNC agenda.
They are illegal immigrant children of illegal immigrant parents.
They are not my neighbors classmates or co-workers they are illegal invaders
Don't want daca gone pass a law in congress you know do your damm job let everyone know how you voted and why
Not our enemies/not our friends. These people need to go to their families & apply to return. Hardship can be evaluated - case by case basis
they're illegal, Senator. They're the enemy of the rule of law
They can also press #2 for English after they get where they are going. Blame the parents for breaking the law.
Congress is our enemy!  Get to work instead of complaining!
And are not just hispanics as #FoxNews portrays...
Illegal is illegal period
