You can't really believe that Senator.  Please tell me your just following party lines.
Master Chief, it is a Muslim ban. A ban fm specific nations where DT has zero business.
Senator, The country's on list have 0 stability in government and are Impossible to vet. It is a temp ban.
Senator, can't trust spooks. There's something funny about the folks behind the green door.
You can't even tell the truth..there are plenty of muslims traveling to usa..how is this a muslim bam..you're disingenuous liar
if you believe this a Muslim ban, then why was it not a Muslim ban when Obama did same?  You make zero sense.
obama banned iraqis for 6mos in 2011.  The ban now is for countries of concern dont like it too bad. USA protected boarders.
you should visit all the countries that don't vet people and just walk around. It's safe there.  Your sad
@Diannarinratmom Yeah Yeah.
Same Same
You obviously didn't read the EO.  You read Senator Schumer's talking points.  Please think for yourself.
Thank you Patty Murray! Washington is lucky to have you!!!
@Diannarinratmom Total BS Obama could do the same thing and they would not say anything.
You continue to preach it's a Muslim band when it's a vetting issue in those countries! This is the truth! #keepussafe
I agree another Muslim ban any way you look at it.
WAKE UP Ms Murry, it's about NATIONAL SECURITY, protecting us from Scum like this!! http://viralhdpro.com/2017/03/06/refugee-wants-to-chat-with-girl-about-her-outfit-guess-what-happens-next/ …
have you done anything in office this year besides vote against trump and his cabinet?   Why were you elected again?
Looks like the pot your smoking has really affected your your judgement!! Next terrorist attacks in the US is on you#TERMLIMTES
Thank you, @PattyMurray
There are 50 Muslim-majority countries. This EO impacts 6, NONE of which are among the most populous. Quit lying.
They're also divided into three different denominations, Which one do you hate and where are they located?
It is not a muslim ban, It is a measure taken by the President to ensure people coming into the country are not terrorists.
This is not a hateful agenda. It is important that the USA know the people who are entering the country to exclude terrorists
@RealMaimonides Permanent #MuslimBan would be the greatest gift #POTUS could give America children! Democrat Speak!
Make no mistake! You say it is what it isn't and then say the isn't is an ISIS recruiting tool. What a mistaken fool! Dangerous
Do you remember the Iran hostage situation in 1980. and surely not 911
@grafig For decades the US media was building Islamophobic sentiment in America - Trump' ban is a populist response to that
absolutely and to unconstitutional religious persecution
Glad to hear you speak out against this tyrant! The level of hatred spawned by this bigot it unbelievable!
thank you for not calling it a travel ban.
dare you to go Saudi Arabia and see how tolerant the are.
@Tokaise your a puppet patty, take ur "tennis shoes" & go home. Your not wanted anymore cause you lied to us.
Pakistan, Indonesia & Saudi Arabia disagree
Except it doesn't ban Muslims from the largest Muslim populated countries in the world so...math.
#deadweightMurray #TermLimits #draintheswamp #coruptionincongressMurray #Murray4dividingAmerica #Murray4ShuraLaw
Thank you for standing up for our values in WA State.
Your probably just repeating what your told to say, but is the word Muslim anywhere in the EO? Or is this typical Dem Rhetoric
15% of the worlds muslim population is not a ban. Still allows 85%. Stop lying
thank you Senator Murray.
so THIS is what you get paid to do? You & Nancy pelosi is why Trump is draining the swamp!
If slowing the flood of refugees into the US doesn't help solve the global refugee crisis, what strategies are needed?
and your still crazy..
Their is no appeasing or not offending the left. We are not trying anymore. We are busy getting things done why u nag
please state your evidence
I so agree. We have to just let everyone in.  You will be against everything that comes from a Republican.
Thanks for calling it what it is, a #MuslimBan . Thanks for fighting against that and against Sessions, who should resign.
Thank you for standing up for those in need. We are a country of immigrants.
@oshekay2 well then take them to your home
More BS from a LYING LIBERAL HYPOCRITE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ask Patty what we stand for in DETROIT AND CHICAGO????????
Maybe you can take in a few at your house. I'm sure you won't mind!!!
stop spreading lies and hate. We are not paying you for your divisiveness. If all Muslims are not banned, IT'S NOT A MUSLIM BAN
Make no mistake - you're a hack who doesn't know simple math or percentages. What did you call it when Dems did it? Hack! Hack!
start his impeachment
Slamming the door shut on terrorists is more like it. Resettle them in their own country, not mine

That's what BO said over and over but the truth is YOU have no idea who we are as Americans
Your pandering, whining, half-truths don't make it so. Do the math Senator. #GoodGrief
Thank you!
Naw it wasn't in the first place. How dare you endanger our safety with your partisan obstructionist.GET TO WORK! Off your BUTT
@LeslieMarshall if there is one more terrorist attack here, we will blame you.
You are bound and determined to have the US end up like Europe and Britain, inundated with Muzzy rapists and terrorists.
thank you for speaking up for all of us.
patty you don't have a clue
Keep fighting Senator, we need you!
since you ppl are so worried about them, go to their country, be with them!
please open your doors, locked gates and have your security let them in so you can take care of them
no it does not.....stop playing politics and try to do something good for our country
Nobody cares about your blathering for the cameras, Patti. Be a real hero, and work with @POTUS on infrastructure. #MAGA
Wrong! Wrong!! Wrong!!! There is no Muslim ban!! This is simple national security!!!
AMEN!!!!!!!!
you do not represent Eastern Washington! #AMERICAFIRST
we stand for America first. What about that is confusing to you?
Also tired of hearing people loft the term "unAmerican"... as though there's clearly defined, unilaterally agreed upon traits.
Hopefully at least one of the things this country is about is surviving. If it is, then this travel ban is an important step.
If it was truly a Muslim ban, would it not ban ALL Muslims?
Trump changed nothing from his first ban except to take Iraq off the list. It's the same thing as before.
"America stands for Islam." -Thomas Jefferson, 1783
like honor killings?
Islam is a death cult
It is. But it and the Trump care reveal are distractions from Russia. A lot of people out here need you. Investigate Russia.
@cathymcmorris This is leadership
This affects 10% Muslim. For instance, Check India. Not banned. I wish you were just as worried about our poor and homeless
buzzer sound WRONG!!!! It's a ban on the country's.
also restricting movement from any country for any reason is his right to do so Muslim or not it's not a ban on muslims FYI
Then explain to me why other nations like Indonesia (the largest Muslim population) are not included on that list.
How about you make a bill that gets homeless veterans off the streets and fix the VA you do that then we can talk refugees
@oshekay2 @PattyMurray yeah fully agree with you and also help our poor
I don't believe anything you say, zero credibility
Im offended. Why are u not standing up for the minority Christians from these countries? Why ban Christians from ur argument?
thank you for fighting this!
THIS IS WHY THE DEMS ARE DEAD.
how many refugee's will U personally be housing, feeding, clothing and educating? Since u're SO passionate about them staying!
@oshekay2 @PattyMurray true just ask this to Hollywood and all Dems in our country I wonder what their answer would be as they
really concerning how you cannot read English. That is the language used in the EO.
way to distort the facts... disgusting
@oshekay2 @PattyMurray yes yes and yes
as of this morning it was still called a muslim ban on the website.
Then leave the union and have all the Muslims you want.
@Olyindivisible Our Senator: standing up for justice as always. We must support here in every way we can!
And how many will be moving in to your house? C'mon lead by example. Certainly have room for 10, or are you racist
You have "NO" credibility when you call it a Muslim ban. 87% of all Muslims live in countries that are not banned!
I'm coming over tonight. I assume your doors are unlocked and I'll be let in and provided with food/shelter without question.
ya and i have a tooth ache. Tax layers bought that house & I'll bet she wont let us in.
good
this shows you shouldn't be in office. It bans travel from 6 of 50 countries. If that's a #MuslimBan it's a very weak one.
@VoxPopuli1960 #Trumprussia is the only story.
Thank you!!
Thank you for opposing this unconstitutional ban!
hang it up #overplayed
maybe there be more people live in Orlando if somebody slam the door on Omar Mateen
your dangerous rhetoric is creating more terrorists. Congratulations!
folks wake up look at liberal swed and Paris the citizens of Sweden are begging to stop Islamic "refugees" plz
I agree with you and i know that out in America there people who think that more new people will tax our public services. They are afraid.
Agreed. you @PattyMurray... WA state resident here! Keep kicking ass for us! 
She has more compasion from illegal citizens than she has for her own constituents...nice...lovely...total #epicfail ...
IT'S NOT A MUSLIM BAN. IT'S AN ISIS BAN.
Another #WAshington liberal pushing globalist agenda on U.S. citizens...#Shameonyou #AmericaFirst <-- Nope, not her!!!
Is there a particular reason you want to bring ppl here from cultures that stone to death rape victims and execute homosexuals?
And still doesn't actually include countries that the terrorists have come from (and #45 does business with). #NoBanNoWall
how about both of you get the hell out of America.
Let's start w/u & the other regressives who only have hate for others. My family's been here since early 1600s.
It's not a Muslim ban. It's an ISIS ban. Your mind is clouded by the Dark Side.
You're misinformed. Banning a religion from countries that 0 terrorists came from. Yeah, makes sense to nobody.
ISIS only comes from those countries that were on the list. Your vision is clouded.
ZERO terrorists from those countries did any acts of terror in US, but #45 does business w/actual countries.
let me tell you something. If Hillary Clinton had become the President, Putin would have declared war.
Thank you! 
