The President’s travel ban is hateful and hurtful, but I’m proud to see so many in WA who continue to welcome refugees no matter what. –PM
So much of what make US great is our diversity. Admin should work to further nat’l security, not target people on religion or nationality.
Depends on whether there's threat against USA ppl by the nations named.  We did this for ex. with Iran when risks rose, hostages taken.
Have you not bothered paying attention to what's happening in Europe because of people like you? We need to thoroughly VET people #SCOTUS
#PuntPatty And sorry but as I recall, it was a left-wing Bernie Sanders supporter who just tried to MURDER congressmen you moron
Most shooters are of the left-wing ilk sweetheart... now GFY.. you're muted
Everyone should be properly vetted. PERIOD.
Violence by who? By groups in these countries also threatening to bring it to our shores. Lets protect our own first. Refugee here as well.
Absolutely wrong again.  How can anyone be against a stringent vetting process?  You make no sense. Pathetic.
Ignoring that these people are fleeing violence caused by US policies betrays common sense and logic.
Why do we pay to bring them here, then pay to feed and clothe them. Why? We can't afford them!
The US has unacceptable levels of domestic poverty as it is. Why are we importing more of it? Citizens should come first.
@USSupremeCourt1 Shame on all of you Particularly first generation Americans who must have felt the pain of bigotry
REALLY?  Being a Senator, I thought you might have a better understanding of the law and the Executive Order...but I was wrong!
Nobody cares what YOU think.What a Communist thinks doesn't matter.Still have your little red book ?
I see it as a good step toward #MAGA & making America secure! #NotEveryoneIsLiberalLikeYou
Not everyone is a mean spirited ass either
Give it up Patty, you democrats are flat wrong on this one & many many other issues.
Sure , bomb the shit out of their homes and children then deny them sanctuary. Mean spirited
 Wow! Another crying, obstructionist, liberal, terrorist sympathizing Democrat! 
Shame on you. I am a vet and know we should help the people whose homes we destroyed
HAPPY SCOTUS upheld POTUS travel ban!Let the savages rape kill torture someone else's GOATS SHEEP  #trumptravelban #SethRichCoverUp
We bomb their homes and kill their children.
You don't determine US values.
Its reassuring to see common sense win over blind ignorance!!
Your all for taking care of the illegals here in our state. You want to pay to bring people from other country's and even feed them.
We know you crave terrorism for some oddball reason
Another ignorant post by another ignorant democrat!  Majority of Americans agree with @POTUS
That's probably because you never went to law school and get your news from CNN.
It is encouraging that we still have a Court that rules by law and not political winds blowing in every direction.
#Winning #MAGA
Illegitimate judge...
Bringing violence with them will not help us or them. The ban will loosen as threats are ended. Thank u for your service mam.
Unanimous decision. Even the liberals on SCOTUS agree. You're just playing politics. Sad.
We agree. Not a good feeling today
Slamming the door on those bringing violence until we can vet them correctly.  We've finally stopped being a stupid nation.
PROTECT AMERICANS damn it.  Halt the flow, take time and work out a safe way to bring in immigrants,  What part don't you like?
You must be blind to what is happening in the world. I back the #POTUS and #SCOTUS decision. The worst 6 out of abt 50 Muslim countries.
No, risking the safety of America's children (yours, mine, his, hers) betrays all Americans and U.S. values
Fleeing violence to spread violence like in Europe? Seems legit.

You're free to sponsor a few, they'll have to live with you though.
So agree, Patty.  Very disappointing indeed!
There are more options to protect those in need dont have to bring them to US soil.  YOUR JOB is protect US citizens 1st
Thank you for your courageous response. I'm with you!
You lose. not an oft overturned #libtards court without #ruleoflaw
Slamming the door on Islamic terrorists is the best thing for the American people hello there trying to prevent terrorism in the USA
Look at Europe- ruined forever. Slums of uneducated unskilled & easily- radicalized immigrants. Safe zones in home country much better soon
There will be repercussions from the Muslim nations.
I'm so happy to have any part in place. Sen Patty Murphy on wrong side of increased safety & vetting for USa, Why?
Stop it already!
So disappointed. Turning away refugees feels about as un-American as you can get. Thanks for speaking out.
You do realize Obama made that ban, right?   
Even the refugees want to stay in their homeland. Stop trying to integrate them with they don't want to be
Make a plan to help them close to their own country
@PattyMurray is obviously okay with risking American lives.
God Bless Donald J Trump and The Supreme Court of the United States of America
Disappointing to see that you #EpicFail in recognizing the movement #AmericaFirst ! How is this lady still in office? SINCE 1992!! OMG?!?!
The only door slammed was on the WA and HI AG's and the lower courts that supported their nonsense.
What's worse? Original travel ban was for 90 Days! It would already be expired!
Why didn't you come out against President Obama's travel ban in 2011 which covered the exact same countries? Your true colors are showing.
How about the ones bringing violence through our open doors?  Common sense is lacking.
You serve the elites of Seattle and shit on the rest of us. Go away.
I'm a former Muslim, a mosque told my friend"we are not here to have American dream but to takeover US.Islam is evil.Hey will bring violence
But it’s okay for countries like Japan and China to not accept any refugees? Are you calling the leaders of those countries racist?
I'm all for ban
Not doing this will hurt this country and its people. Where the hell did you come from Patty.
This is not a victory for the so-called president. When we have a legitimately elected Prez someday, we will fix this.
Don't you care to protect our country and the American people. Remember the oath you took, you remember it Patty ?
Of coarse his boy Gorsuch ruled in his favor

Disagree. We cannot place non-citizens' safety above citizens. More reasonable approaches for supporting those threatened.
I believe you should would feel more safer along with your constituents on this decision.
It is people from terrorist hot beds, mostly males, and with an extremely different world view and set of values. Get real.
It's all right, you will be voted out next election.
So we need to get busy connecting refugees with family, jobs in the US.
I am lucky that @PattyMurray is my senator. Fights for families every single day. Thank you, Sen. Murray! #resist #ImpeachTrumpNOW
seriously? Because you didn't seem concerned with Obama's travel ban on countries. #Hypocrite #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
MUTE is such a WONDERFUL tool

National Security is more important than temporary travel delays according to SCOTUS 
We, The People have Spoken,
http://newyorkcityguns.com/2017/06/trump-wins-supreme-court-reinstates-president-trump-visa-travel-and-immigration-ban/ …
The SCOTUS has spoken for America and the Constitution.
 MAGA
None of the GOP have read or understand the Constitution or Bill of Rights. We should send Statue of Liberty back to France, it doesn't fit.
An idea and policy are two different things
Thanks judge gorsuch
It is only in place to support the reasoning for the military industrial complex to continue to make money. It has nothing to do with people
Senator, don't CAT and other international treaties obligate the US for act?
THEY DON'T CARE.
The shame is that the fake POTUS and his followers don't even see & recognize it as such . Shameful and scary at the same time.
So we should take in every refugee all the worlds homeless and do what? Open borders nonsense again #MAGA
We should only let in people who believe in America and its ideals. No shiria laws in America.
there is absolutely nothing wrong with vetting people coming here. Nothing ... granted @potus should shut up about "banning Muslims"
Continue to represent the true values of our country despite the ignorant statements made by angry individuals. You have many supporters.
In countries where our bombs fall--Yemen, Somalia, Syria--and a country we destablized (Libya). An Iran but not Saudi Arabia.
What a GLORIOUS day for our US Constitution! 
So happy #MAGA
Haha get BTFO
....not any more.....the US values you speak of are of a different time....now under this president, America is a shameful nation of hatred!
The travel ban still discriminates due to their religion. I thought we had freedom of religion here. I can worship Satan in the US.
The travel EO affects the countries w/Christian refugees we can't vet. If it was a religious ban, a lot more countries would be on the list.
Obama banned people from the same countries as Pres. Trump. Where was the outcry then? #2A
But it reflects @GOP values.  Keep that in mind.
#Breathe.. '120-day ban on refugees allowed; limited basis; Justices Thomas, Alito & Gorsuch, said the gov't will suffer irreparable harm.'
'the gov't's interest in preserving  national  security outweighs any hardship to people denied entry into the country.' #MondayMorning
So is putting citizens at risk w/o proper vetting. No values and lacks responsibility
Your job is to help protect Americans - not virtue signal to the rest of the world. #SCOTUS #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Were you protesting when President Carter banned Iranians from entering the U.S. in 1980? I bet not.
The reason for the 90 day ban was to give DT's admin time to develop extreme vetting plan. It's been 150 days!! #WheresTheXVettingPlan
#NoBanNoWall
I hate Trump but I support these restrictions.
It is the law of the land Senator. You, of all people should not only know that, but support it wholly. Remember your vow of office? #GEEZ
#Heartless #RepublicanVotersCongressandSenate:
#SIDELINEWARRIORS: Southern confederate mentality thinking cowards never willing to defend their America. Always thank you for your service. 
Thank goodness justices r mostly not partisan hacks who still use independent jgmt unlike Congress
Something you FAIL to understand POLITIC PATTY...its #AmericaFirst !

BLAME YOURSELF FOR A CHANGE!!!....LOOK IN THE MIRROR MA'AM!
oh shut up most of those " fleeing refugees " are a bunch of healthy military aged men , most of the women , kids and elderly stay behind
They made their decision today, you should respect their ruling, it's settled for now.
The case isn't decided until October.
If you're not down with the #SCOTUS #TravelBan ruling the court has 2 words for you!!
There is a very large faction on Americans who still reserve the right to decide who can, and who can't, enter their country. It's a right
The ones causing the most violence are mixed in to this exodus Patty. Time to grow up and protect the people in your state.
you know what is really disappointing..not having single payer.. No help for my autistic child. the Dem party is dead.
BS. It's constitutionally legit. So says the SCOTUS, unanimously.
Nope.
This same exact travel ban was enacted twice under @BarackObama admin. Why is this a Trump thing?....
And it's that type of rhetoric that keeps Democrats from winning. You aren't speaking for the majority of Americans anymore. Just foreigners
Can someone explain to me where in Constitution it says that the Supreme Court can rewrite laws or executive orders? I missed that section
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
What a great day it is. 9th circus should've never been allowed to stop a sitting president from doing his job. @POTUS #MAGA
Nope--American citizens and our safety comes first.  Obviously
Let them take a lie detector test to see if they agree with our values and repute Sharia law and accept the laws of America only
I think France should ask for the Statue of Liberty back. Not much here!
Really, 9-0 SC ruling/exec authority in Const, on law passed by Congress. Obama did same thing. France has more liberty than US? #Joking??
Trump said he's gonna a have a travel ban, and The American people want it.
So you're disappointed about constitutional powers?
Love it....stop being naive.  You know damn well we can't properly vett from those countries.  Even Obama says it
Especially if its violence US is the cause of (#Iraq & #Libya) or perpetrator of #Syria
This attitude is why Democrats will continue to lose! It wasn't a Muslim ban, Obama approved it prior and a lot of people don't want Europe.
 let the ban begin
National security is No1 priority, even I know that
After the GOP guts ACA, is the Senate going to return to business as usual? Or will you grow a spine?
Look at these replies. They are 99% against you.
Technically No.

When you were the #USA -> Land of the Free that was true.

Now the  views the old US as a Full Blown.....
Next time you see Mitch, slap him a few times please?
@PattyMurray attacks all nine Supreme Court justices, says nation's highest court "betrays US values."
They do
I agree with you
Have you not learned from the scores of dead people in the EU? Do you wish to see attacks like this in the USA?
bull
Slamming the door protects our values until we can determine if it's a refugee or a jihadist knocking.
Thank you @PattyMurray for working to protect the enduring values of this country, which have long served as a beacon of light for the world
we need to just get rid of Ellis island, statue of liberty, because they apparently mean nothing anymore. FU @realDonaldTrump
The decision was 9-0. If you don't like it change the law. It can't, Win an election. If can't, do something other than obstruct #SCOTUS
You're referring to violence that the US condones or commits. Where's your cry for justice there? Get your shit straight senator.
Were you disappointed when Obama had this travel "ban"?  Let me guess...
#trumptravelban
did you forget what happened on 9/11 and how our goverment let this happen to bring in the patriot act & a money making war GET A CLUE PATTY
I thought that you were part of the "love" party?  Hate for the "ban"?
Precisely.
No it doesn't
So what you're saying is that you oppose the Constitution you swore to uphold and defend. You should be removed from office. And expatriate.
