Will that's hard to do when you weren't even willing to help in the first place, you know what I mean Miss Patty
Independent Investigation please!
why do you have better healthcare than the rest of us?  you are a good reason for term limits.
That's pretty bossy for a know body. Maybe if you ask nicely the President of the United States of America, Donald Trump will work with you
Senator Murray, 
Let's stop "normalizing" this atrocity as if he is a legitimate "president".
He is NOT.
Impeach him & his "administration"!
I think you have to make a decision in favor of semantics, or in favor of average people's  freedom to choose reasonably priced health care
You democrats had a chance to get it right and had a epic failure. Get out of the way and let republicans work
Democrats Republicans government needs to get out of the healthcare business we are a capitalist country. snowflakes
Today's monumental question: Will the Senate stand by impotently while men too small for the power they wield dismantle our Constitution?
They're G-O-N-E-!  Move on, head held high.
First things first. Get the traitors OUT.
Stop everything!!!!!! Trump needs to be removed from office. Nothing else is as important!!!!
A message to one of my senators: push for a special prosecutor for the fiasco known as Trump-Russia ties. Thank  you.
To hell with health care, we need to focus all attention on this constitutional crisis
...universal care. They knew it would be the best option. But they've made an agenda of blocking it. We in Walla Walla r still underinsured.
That is not the truth right now anyone can get Obamacare but you have to pay-if on Medicaid very few doctors take it so still have to use ER
Senator Don Gaetz knew about this but looked the other way
Why would Obamacare need fixes. You created it so are you admitting it was a bad plan
MESSAGE TO MURRAY AND ALL DEMS: WE ARE FED UP WITH YOUR LIES AND OBSTRUCTIONISM. WE CAN'T WAIT TO VOTE YOU OUT!
Obamacare is a real challenge. Have you been paying attention?
Drop the defense of the failing ACA and work with the Republicans, who are the majority party, to make repeal and replacement bill better
We WANT AN INDEPENDENT  INVESTIGATION  MS. MURRAY
THIS IS NOT NORMAL...WE WANT OUR COUNTRY BACK.
A message to @PattyMurray IMPEACH TRUMP DO YOUR JOB GET OFF TWITTER AND PUT THAT MONSTER IN PRISON!
Patty Murray: You're asking Trump to work with Democrats when they won't even take a breath screaming for his impeachment. Where's YOUR COOP
A message to Democrats: Bring a frickin' solution!
A message to you. Stop being an obstructionist and do your job. Working together goes both ways. And you have proven you won't work with Rep
GOP is throwing in with man who just trashed the rule of law, and you are already back to blathering about working with them. Shame on you
Cathy's office was locked so I went to the GOP leadership office. Talked to some folks there who admitted the GOP should get behind ..
In January I tried to bring 25 constituent letters to Rep. McMorris Rodgers, same morning I went to your constituent coffee...
That is not the truth. If you brought letters to any office they take letters. Democrat or republican - as a US citizen for 68 yrs know that
A message to Democrats: Why in the hell did you pass #Obamacare in the first place? Government  healthcare is never a good option, ever!
You haven't done it in the last eight years now you want us to trust you? I'll pass.
A message to Senators and Reps from WA: push to investigate and impeach Trump. Anyone who lets this slide will not be reelected.
INDEPENDENT Investigation - Nothing more important to this nation!!!
Foreign interference in American democracy is sinister.  We must get serious about an independent investigation.  Trump endangers democracy!
Our nation has even bigger problems w/ TRAITORS IN THE WHITE HOUSE & Congress

#TrumpRussiaCorruption #GOPCoverUp #Resist!
#DraintheSwamp
Uh - no. Trump won, remember?
If we don't fix the #TrumpRussia issue our healthcare will become moot
Or what will you do, fight for it!
Really? That's your concern tonight? The Comey firing does not appall you?
Patty, keep on pressing for something better that will be equal for all the people.
Tell em if they fix Ocare, they can rename it Trumpcare
Please shelve all talk of healthcare until a special prosecutor is assigned to the russiagate investigation. It’s all that matters atm.
What? Are you aware of what is going on right now?!
Agreed from 98368.
Stop all trump initiatives until the trump/Russian connection is resolved
Where was this attitude 8 years ago? Now you're giving orders? Do your job, get behind the scenes, discuss, compromise. #Drama
There's an "easy button" ...it's called #MedicareForAll
Seriously, this is what you tweet tonight?? Comey? Russia??? Crisis???
Single Payer Medicare for all not-for-profit option!
And you will get the VA mixed with The UK system---lose, and lose. #Lost
Support HR 676, Medicare for all, it would save millions of lives and taxpayer dollars
A message to my Senator: submit a motion for a special investigator.
drop health reform by ignoring the house altogether (as they did for sen's bipart immigration bill) 

& do an independent investigation
Doubtful. They do not care.
I am counting on you to fight for an special prosecutor to investigate trump and push GOP to recognize the existential threat he poses 
I think our minds are on the Comey thing...
Meanwhile, in other news, #COMEY fired by Trump. Care to comment?
Why don't y'all start your own thing with the moderate Repubs?
I actually agree with you
But first, let's talk about impeaching Trump.
