This is an outrageous!
Are the 13 Republican senators all white as well?
So what? Race, religion, ethnicity shouldn't matter.
You are right, but unfortunately in this country it does.
No, race, religion and ethnicity don't matter to the more evolved America. It's just the whiny Democrats who try to sensationalize it.
The GOP in general just pretends racism and religion doesn't exist.  They have on blinders or don't deal with people of other races.
Umm Trump just signed an EO protecting religious expression. Look before you leap @Pirateclaudia
Which means absolutely nothing in this country with its white privilege. Which I am am sure you don't believe exists either.
Keep whining @PirateClaudia you can't win so the game is rigged huh? Perhaps whining without proposing solutions is why you fail? Hmm
Stand strong. In solidarity from Mason County, WA
Of course they are
Apparently only women can understand women's issues. This statement is inherently sexist. Unbelievable.
Funny, the only thing I read here is a FACT: no women included. Sounds like the bias is your problem
Someone's sex should have nothing to do with their ability to make policy.
Sure, but people's experiences do. Men have no exp w women's health needs, just like i'll never get a boner. But you still missed my point
Yes nothing like men knowing and writing about women's health care. Didn't the invent the mammogram machine too?God help us!
The shock...the horror! Is is an ethically diverse group? Any homosexuals, transexuals, pansexuals, etc.? Much to do about nothing. 
Apparently they don't realize that over half the population consists of women.  Is it 1787?
Constitutional originalism, remember. This is what "great again" looks like.
What the f**K are U talking about
Sorry, sarcasm based on the notion that 1783 had very different requirements for who was a citizen that mattered.
Those old men are so out of touch. Hell they probably haven't touched a female in years.
I don't want to speculate on that.
Are you sure there is a difference?  Why are you so hateful?  Why do you insist on assigning a gender?!
But men know everything about women's bodies. They're so smart and wise and good looking, too.
They think with their penises.
So you're sexist Patty Murray? Good ideas are good ideas regardless of who comes up with them. Stop spreading hate and hysteria please.
Problem is, they aren't purporting good ideas..... only ideas that are good for the good ol' boys.  Sick and tured od it.
Well stop complaining, get off the sidelines and help out. Only way to get it right is to work together
I'd LOVE to more involved. Problem is, I am going in for another cancer surgery --ovarian-- in just  a few hours. Thank God I still can!!!!
Mary best of luck - all sincerity - my point was to Sen P to do more than talk, be a leader and drive change
What the heck? Why?  Paternalistic jerks?
 WA CD3.@HerreraBeutler #3 TELEPHONE TOWN HALL reciting GOP scripted talking pts Alt Facts on ACA, Medicaid & Single Payer & she voted "No"
Unacceptable. What can we help you do about it?
So U know the women are going to lose in this. All those old men think that women are good for only 1 thing & 1 thing only. Dirty old men
well quit bad mouthing and get involved!
Please pressure 2 get women on the committee 4 new changes to Trumpcare. Please vote NO on Rep/Trump changes - thanks 4 protecting ACA ins.
@PattyMurray Why?
Sick to death of wealthy white men telling the rest of the world they know best. The evidence doesn't back their assertion!
Tell the real story, no one had the time?  How can you expect your kids too not lie when they will emulate you?   I will pray for all Libs!
and how are you (and the other amazing Dems) fighting this???
They think life begins with the seed not the womb, which is not smart, nor scientific.
No POC too
@SenateDems @nytimes so what? Oh identify politics again FYI that's why you are losing!!
.@PattyMurray And it shows. How about basic,emergency  &preventative care for all? Higher levels/specialty care available w/additional fee.
Why so sexist? If men and women are equal it shouldn’t matter to you.
Men and women do not yet stand on equal footing. Don't delude yourself.
So much  for women right & thir leadership,all stepd upon by whitemen.Still living in a unbiased, Democratic county. Hello anyone out there?
This sucks
#Unacceptable
This isn't right! So WRONG.  Protest
Do something beyond tweeting. Something actionable. Something real. Anything. Just stop him.
I want Senator Collins on this committee! @SenatorCollins
So sad
I'm angry about old white guys deciding the future of health care.
@SenateDems @nytimes No surprise. Republicans don't feel women have anything worthwhile to offer.
@washdems a sad but typical story in USA's 21st C. Just like it was in the 17th, 18th, 19th and 20th. My hometown estab'd 1645.
Who cares?  Since when did someone race dictate if they have good ideas?  This isn't an issue of race, you are just trying to make it one.
Bc the GOP= THE GOOD OLE WHITE BOYS CLUB. Its time to flip the seats blue. #fliptheseatsblue
Why do old white men think they know more about women's healthcare needs than actual women do?
Not ok
That is one of the ways to MAGA.
That needs to be corrected NOW
@SenateDems @nytimes let's hope you can fix that when it gets to the floor
You know the saddest part of this story? That it surprises no one and doesn't get more constant attention. #2018 voters will not forget!
I'm sure Payyt will FIGHT on for women on the committee.  FIGHT,FIGHT, FIGHT.
Hey @PattyMurray, why did you vote AGAINST veteran Dr. Heather Wilson for USAF Secretary? Seems you don't actually want women at the table.
Yeah I don't know, @cathymcmorris seems to be fully onboard with this Trumpcare travesty (as long as her family is exempt).
So??
Patty watches the view
Well, it stops the bitching but not the play
Then this article should NOT show Sen. Collins.
And it's not just the women voters of course, but white men had little to fear except for the thoughtful ones.
It is so incredible. The optics is bad. Republican woman must be appalled. I hope these woman R senators vote against whatever bc they can
Tweet/call/email your reps & find out why no equal representation 157 million ppl in the U.S. are female. Get On This! #wealthcare #unfair
Women are going to have to get organized and work together to change the decimation of Women's Healthcare. Thanks Patty for standing up!!
Not again!! Misogyny... Needs to STOP!!!
Did you check out how the red GOP treated Sally Yates today. The red GOP can certainly take care of women's health. Any of them married?
Sickening!
and your point is? maybe if you wanted to work with the President and instead of being a cog you would be included, be a spoke


Putin elects an idiot & @gop acts like it won the lottery & goes on a spending, killing spree like common criminals https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/861254691568492544 …
Guess they think they can do a better job.  Which is probably not ttue
Instead of wining, why don't you volunteer your services?
Free Viagra and Cialis included in TrumpCare. No birth control, mammograms, pap smears for you ladies. But, you're invited for a beer party.
Yeah they want to get the women drunk so they can take advantage of them & then say the Hell with them.

@SenateDems @nytimes 

WHY NO WOMEN ??
Are you listening @SenCoryGardner ? Colorado WILL hold you accountable!
So why aren't you or any of the other female senators doing anything about that?
I hope stuff like this wakes people up to who republicans truly are
I am not sure why women run as republicans for public offices!It's obviously not the right party for them! They can try libertarian or Dems
Wow that really speaks volumes about how these men consider women's place in the world.  It's like blind leading a blind and we need women!
I know you're working as hard as you can...don't give up!
This pisses the hell outta me!
Why did this happen
then why aren't you on or in there offering input?? Or just rather complain so you can place blame?BE PART OF SOLUTION!!!!
Why am I not surprised?
ICYMI: for years the senators from WA have been female and unable to represent half the population. One must resign immediately
Stop them patty!!!!!!!!!
Why is Patty Murray not on this effort. She is biased against it.
So?
Asks the White male....
And how does that come about? Ranking members?
BOO!!
As long as you're not in the room, I'm ok with it
@SenatorCollins should switch to an (I.)
It is really SAD that this doesn't shock me. Keep up the fight!
#vilesnowflakes  sick of the soapbox
