
then why do they keep getting confirmed!!
technically, dt and crew are slave owners. Think about it. Resist the 
, this has been my worry. millionaires @ billionaires have strengths. Unfortunately, they don't represent the majority of USA
I'm so sick of liberal whiners. Never voting democrat again!!
indeed Bernie sanders has been saying it all along. Too bad you backed Hillary who couldn't win. Bernie could've & would've
That's why we need you! Keep fighting for working families please!
are u fucking kidding me when did that start shes fighting for her donors not you or anyone in wa state
You know you could have been polite about this like the other person that told me. There's no need to be so rude.
i apologise i did not see your response and did not mean to be rude to u.  This topic makes my blood boil. Family med prices
The GOP shd be voted out. The swamp is even larger with @potus
Or you could say shown they know how to succeed. As opposed to sucking the gov dry like politicians do.
when is our town hall, I've got some concerns?
Right, so show him up with legislation like Glass-Steagall, single payer, fight for 15 and show America that Trump doesn't care
thats agaisnt what pattys donors want.  She doesnt represent the people corpratist shill now
like the $480,000 you got from big Pharma to make sure my elderly mothers prescriptions remain at what ever cost they choose ?
Gay is Elderly?   Um...I'm telling
it's for effect !!! She's on a ton of meds she can use all the help she can get.
being a smart ass, you see if she is elderly...well i am the same age
if the shoe fits
You steal from all of us in Washington and haven't become one yet! Jealousy!!!!!!
you need to fight for us. Be strong! Do not give evil a chance.
keep the pressure Senator! Thank you!
You are only interested in your pocket book and your party. Stop being an obstructionist.
@jan_K9massage another liberal waste of skin.
then we need the Senate & House to fight for us. Start by voting NO on his cabinet picks!
Thank you for your leadership
please  keep pointing this out on every type of media there is. Billboards. Tv. Radio. Twitter. Snail mail. Etc. #draintheswamp
it makes me sick. How are democrats going to stop this or minimize the impact?
please keep fighting for what's right!
#ImpeachTrump
please keep doing what you can. We're in your corner!
and when do u start fighting for ur supporters. Oh wait big pharma yes u fought hard to keep medication prices high good work
Didn't you vote to renew the Export -Import bank?
(Corporate welfare office)
As one of your constituents, I appreciate the fact you are fighting so hard.  We will continue to resist as hard as we can.
pure bs...nice try
Filling up the swamp!
Yes, people of stature that love America.
@whitehouserogue of course. Screw the working families that voted for him and yet they strongly support him.
when has he screwed them? Please tell me with facts unlike the 480k murray has took from pharm
not sure if Democrats can really prevent an all out assault by Republicans because they have #s & power crazed
U have Millionaires & Billionaires on Ur donor list, that show very little interest in fighting 4 working families--just like U
I never did hear why you voted AGAINST lower RX meds from Canada. Does big pharma own you? #bought&paidfor? #bigpharma
Please do your absolute best to stop this!!!  Please vote no on any cabinet nominees in upcoming votes.
pattys to stupid to vote yes to many letters.  Go big pharma thats pattys battle cry
I know! I am counting on you to rally your fellow senators and do something to keep corruption to a minimum.
than you Patty - I use to live in Wa and u r the best!
then you should fit right in.
Senator Murray has an average net worth of $1.54M as of 2014 making her slightly wealthier than the average member of Congress
do you think twitter is useful ?  I'm new and everyone just seems angry
I see 4 distinguished General level officers!  He has the "A" team -no hacks allowed. #draintheswamp #MAGA
Thanks for the breaking news. Now what are you going to do about it?
No kidding, but the people (working families) who elected him still love  him
gee, if only someone saw that coming...
@realDonaldTrump is draining the swamp by putting it all in the white House
@whitehouserogue Hopefully we'll soon get rid of illegitimate POTUS Trump& his illegitimate cronies who rob our nation blind.
yes, rather than successful people, clearly we should have low-earning people who majored in "P.E." at college.
And you and your party continually use this campaign phrase "fighting for working families". You haven't done jack, Trump has.
thank you for fighting for us!
hold a town hall, after meeting with your constituents last Tuesday in front of your office, we have a lot of solutions for you
clearly, he has a basic lack of understanding for anyone but himself and his peers. Frightening
what have you done lately?  I see anti-Trump Tweets. The President isn't Congress who makes the laws.
Little. I would say none. But then again Trump supporters elected him
1)  We must move forward with a very special investigation that is free and clear form any bipartisan involvement and get at
Sorry
Would you rather have someone on welfare in cabinet. Seems to me the way they made those MILS is by successful employing people
Democrat Logic-101, it needs to be one of the GOOD-OLD-BOYS just like it use to be. Or maybe a political pay-off appointee.
Thank you for working for us.
at least he's filling his cabinet with people that will work for Americans unlike these two clowns @BarackObama @HillaryClinton
45s Agenda is Power & Money. Working Families, uses them as Pawns, Doesn't care, how he Destroys Our Country with, Lies & Hate
what lies and what hate only hate i see is on the left
Yes. Please oppose them and block his judicial appointments
You just don't understand job creators when you see them
But they've shown plenty of vim and vigor fighting against them. And that's why they were chosen.
can you define .. "working families" and what you want to fight about?
You mean like when you voted against cheaper drugs? Puh-leez.
really you have an orange lunatic who is rounding people up and you're giving her a hard time on the drugs.
YES. The fact that the DNC has all but abandoned the middle class is why were stuck with Trump
Because it was never their job. Unlike the Senators who pledge to then let the @federalreserve rob us blind through inflation.
support all picks now!
Do what is right for the Country! Remember to support your constituents N & E of Medina.
Isn't Elizabeth Warren worth an evil $15 million?
Very true Senator Murray. But also @GOP following party line instead of placing country first. @senmarcorubio
Welcome to the White House Millionaire's Club.
what is you and your husbands net worth?
get OVER it! She speaks the truth u watch FAUX (FOX ) news go back 2 u warped world
Yeah, we know.
