I want to again make clear that I and all Democrats are ready to keep working on the bipartisan path to improve health care. -PM
Let’s pick back up where we left off & do it now. The sooner we get an agreement, the sooner we can act to stop President Trump’s sabotage.
Partisan just like ACA
Gee Patty, why is it that you never seem to mind a partisan process when it's your side doing it?
Obviously you weren't paying attn. Repubs. added tons of changes to ACA before it was passed.
Did u call for regular order when ACA was pushed down our throats?  Do u or staff have ACA? If no to both then keep quiet!
Now you need to quit being a corporate stooge and back Medicare for All!!!!
Proud to have you as my senator and strongly support your efforts to improve the ACA.
Fix the ACA to drive down prices or we the American family will start protesting Congress.
Write McConnell and Ryan..... They are the ones blocking bipartisan efforts @PattyMurray
How do you figure when the democrat came out and said there wouldn't work for Trump and have walked out on votes
#Democrats aren’t partisan,are they #Murray?
No, Thank you for the hard work.
Is it really that brave to just do the right thing?
Submit your plan, all talk and no action
Thank you Senator! So grateful to be represented by the mom in tennis shoes. 
I would move to Wa state because u r so awesome! POWERFUL WOMAN! keep rockin it!
Watching Sen. Corker this morning. How lucky is TN. to have a Sen. that puts state first before personal gain. #TermLimits #voteandreplace
Nothing "brave" about full time obstructionism. Carry on...how about a solution or policy proposal? Didn't think so...
Better yet, if obamacare is so fucking great how bout YOU guys participate in it? Stop the  waiver.
BS
Thank you, Senator!
now don't let them raise taxes for the poor and lower for the rich
That's the way it is supposed to WORK!
We all need to be brave.  We need to speak up.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-pay-gaps-and-how-we-allow-them-to-continue/ …
get a hairstyle update
Unlike the partisan path that brought us the ACA?
You'll pass OCare in a partisan vote...
I heard they were just following your example in 2010
Thanks for your great work on the revisions to the ACA!!!!
Instead of cheering,  Dems should be presenting a plan to fix their mess. ACA is screwing hard working Americans.
Thank you for speaking out.
The #Republicans have threatened to kill #ACA , & then you'll HAVE to vote for #GrahamCassidy .
#Disgraceful 
#disgusting
WHEN WILL YOU LISTEN TO AMERICANS..WE DON'T WANT GOV. CONTROLLED HEALTH CARE OR GLOBALIST CONTROL.
You people are coalesced around self serving opposition to GOP & you don't see that is partisan?
Thank you Senator Murray!  Keep up your efforts for bipartisan solutions.
THANK YOU Senator Murray for standing up for the healthcare for women in #WY - when .@SenJohnBarrasso & .@SenatorEnzi won't. WE'LL REMEMBER!
Thank you, Senator. We are with you and @SenAlexander working together to make the ACA work better for everyone.
Thanks Patty!  I'm so glad you are one of my super Senators.
Did you say that when obama snuck off to Roberts and got obamcare passed as a lie and a tax with no vote ?
Got to get those freebies!
Thank to YOU for your perseverance and leadership, Senator.
Thank YOU. Proud to have you as my Senator.
Hoping you and Senator Alexander will soon be back at working on ACA fixes
Did the Dems do this for OBama care?????????????????????
I also urge you to consider including HC price transparency in your ACA fix discussions.
Support single payer, patty.

Thank you Senator Patty Murray!
Agreed. I sincerely wish you the best in negotiating a bipartisan compromise that stabilizes markets, increases choices and reduces costs!
Thank you for standing with us!
Thats not bravery, thats cowardly
Thank you and your colleagues. Please help fix the ACA and please don't let Trump continue to sabotage it
@PattyMurray hope this now gives you the opportunity to get back to work on a bi-partisan solution.  Really appreciate your efforts!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator also!
Why did the ACA not allow Medicaid to negotiate drug prices? Why allow donors to steal from govt and poor people?
Dems don't want solutions.  You want to continue to bleed Medicare of amtching funds for Helathy illegals of working age.  Not the program!
yup, just as it should be with only our veterans having NO CHOICE in care right?
I hope and pray that you all can get them to listen to bipartisan solutions. But 1st, can you address the ACA sabotage by Trump?
yup, back to ONLY veterans having NO CHOICE in care providers  :(
GOD
BLESS AMERICA
OVER N OVER N OVER N AGAIN FOREVER!
you should follow and interact with your constituents of the 9th district.
Thank YOU for your tireless work!
Republicans do not help Dems, (return the favor), allow Obamacare to crash!
You're welcome. Now, assuming you're not a supreme hypocrite, you can vocally support single payer. #YourStateWantsIt
Up yours, commie.
Thank you Patty for continuing the fight for reasonable healthcare for all of us, not just the wealthy.
Patty, I am not only disappointed in you, MY Senator, but I will actively seek to replace you next time your office is up for vote.
While we celebrate the few Repub 'No' votes, remember that ALL the democrats stood together and voted NO each time. #GrahamCassidy #ThankYou
And you should thank them as it was a crap bill that did more harm than good.
ALL of those who bravely spoke out will be "singing" a different song .. when they get a look at their new Obamacare bills.
How can Democrats even use the word partisan politics in a sentence, oh I forgot liberals like to misrepresent things
Thank you for protecting WA and Americans.  Let’s keep working to make #ACA BETTER for everyone not punish the sick for profit
BEST NEWS:  Lindsey says this means we will FINALLY get #MedicareForAll!!!  MAKE IT HAPPEN!  https://www.facebook.com/theprogressivebloc/videos/2166299766930410/?hc_ref=ARRW_iBMz6d8xY3nV25Qx3uDaszaB-SFzPB0yazgpNLR5PCeIX0m-huqkdOA4dBUvJU …
Thank you for committing to work for solutions to improve the ACA and working with those across the aisle to find common ground.
Too bad they didn't stop the partisan process for real solutions in 2012...Hypocrisy at its finest...
and the finger to all the hardworking Americans FORCED to foot the bill for EVERYONE else!!
.#OptOutAmericaItsCheaper no reason to pay for something you cant use! #TakeTheFineHealthyPeople #RepealNoReplace
"Bipartisan" is institutional term that leaves the majority accepting "a third slice". Have the majority not sacrificed enough?
Thk U, Senator, for wrking with @SenAlexander on bipartisan fix of ACA. U should release it; then we can pressure @SenateMajLdr 2 address it
Let ACA implode !!!!
Thank you!
PLEASE RESIGN, YOU ARE THE PROBLEM...YOU ARE A LIAR AND A THIEF...ALSO, @Pontifex EXCOMMUNICATE THIS CATHOLIC!!!
Yet not one republican voted for Obamacare. Now you all want to be bipartisan...  ridiculous
You do know that before the election Dems & GOP were working together to fix the ACA? And they were close to a bill.
Thank you for what you do! Now take a deep breath and please pivot for a moment towards Puerto Rico, they don't have representation!
Thank you Senator Murray for your tireless work for the state Washington and the American people!
Thank you, Senator! We appreciate all your hard work!
Really odd because Democrats walk walk step and that's why we have that horrible Obama care
Did you forget the many months that the GOP & Dems worked on the ACA with compromises on both sides?
No I did not but I do remember how the GOP got shut down by the dams on Obamacare and then the dams rammed it through
It wasn't rammed through, stop lying. There was bipartisanship work on this for many months. Rammed through is what the GOP tried to do.
I don't appreciate being called a liar as you're trying to shut down this conversation because you are ignorant of the facts
Your statement was not true. What do you call an untruth?
It's tough to have a conversation with you because you don't want to understand the truth
And I can say the same about you. I have given you proof, yet you don't want to believe it.
What a hypocrite!
Senate approval ratings hover at 11% positive. You’ve done nothing to increase that. You’ve only added to the disappointment.
