She sat rapists at the table as "victims".
No she didn't. She reintroduced due process. There was a time when lawmakers cared about laws.
I fear for my daughters safety. This is so wrong.
You should be angry at Patty Murray then, 'cause she's spreading lies. Having due process in a court of law won't endanger your daughters.
You are clueless.
That's not really an argument. Even the "failing pile of garbage" Buzzfeed quotes that DeVos doesn't seek to take away victim protection.
You probably haven't actually read it, or you've already fallen for the propaganda to the point of congnitive dissonance (no offense).
Thank you for mansplaining this to Senator Murray and me. Your male privilege is showing.
Thanks, even though you viciously assumed my gender too - all that harrasment... oh muh feels 
Hey chicken little!
I say to Betsy, stop looking back and start looking forward to improve education for all, not just the elite few. Move on! We're waiting.
What a evil human. It's amazing someone who cares so little about students (or decency) should be in her position.
Someday someone you know may one day be falsely accused of a crime. I'm sure you'd be okay if they were presumed guilty and punished.
Let's be clear, your statement isn't true.
What epidemic that 1 in 4 girls are Victimes of rape, This bs lie needs to end.
This is so misleading as to border on a straight-up lie. See here:
Due process is the right of all accused, part of our constitutional rights which you swore to protect
devos will do anything she can to undermine public education in order to push the teachings of her "christian values."
Another narcissist. .it didn't happen to her,so it can't possibly be happening to others.
Only if you're a moron.
Again all about profit for her and her GOP friends.  We are seeing the   Real GOP- heartless @, immoral and arrogant.
No. She made an important step to ensure due process is held up and accused students get a fair and just trial. But I bet in your eyes 1/?
It's ok to spit on the rights of people you label rapists, with or without proof. Forget a court process just string them right up. 2/?
Have you actually looked into what false accusations have done to people? Innocent men have killed themselves because of it, lives where 3/?
ruined. But I guess that doesn't matter. People like you'd throw a thousand men under the bus on the slim chance to get a potential 4/?
rapist. You. Fucking. Disgust. Me.
Patty U obtuse: this epidemic resides only in the collective hive mind of extreme leftists. Quit perpetuating a myth. Quit redefining rape.
What other civil rights besides due process are you thinking we should take away from college students to help fight this "epidemic"?
On campus administrative hearings v. reporting crimes to actual police. Which one is sweeping it under the rug?
Can you describe due process, Ms. Murray?
So sad. Repealing this legislation is not about women, it's about erasing Obama's legacy. Sad and un-American.
It's about neither of those things. It's about justice and giving accused students a fair and just trial and not the joke Title IX is.
You're just....ridiculous.
#KingDonald promotes #RapeCulture? #DeVos wants to #BlameTheVictim
How is due process and fair trial victim blaming? One question, what do you think will happen if there are all these stories about false 1/?
rape accusations? I tell you, people are less and less likely to believe actual victims of sexual violence. You should support her 2/?
effort to ensure due process if you really care about rape victims on campuses. However low or high those numbers might be.
Well that's one (ridiculously wrong) way to interpret what's going on.
Due process for all!
So, any real attempt to provide due process is an open invitation to sweep this "epidemic" under the rug?   Idiotic and un-American.
And some politicians are just afraid of change exposing a problem and trying to fix it is not a bad thing #collegerape
Liar.
DeVos looks like she was Raped! n wants everyone to feel her Pain
The damage DeVos has done will affect generations of our students.
By elevating the rule of law and due process in cases of sexual assault? So incompetent campus officials don't make a mess of it, again?
DeVos is devoid of the realities of college women. WHAT could she be THINKING!?!  She is enabling a Rape College Culture!!
Not an epidemic, everyone is innocent until proven guilty. How hard is this? Even a Senator should be able to figure this out by now…
When all ypu do is lie, you forget what the real truth is
Thank you for standing up to help stop her.
Horrible policies
What is wrong with this woman?
Some of us not only have daughters, but  also have sons, and even went to law school.
She made violent crime a police matter where it belongs w/due process protections for both acused & accuser. Kangeroo courts not the answer.
There are A LOT of woman on here defending the well known college rape culture Betsy clearly endorses.
How much was she paid for this? She is a whore
Please highlight where she said this. I missed it.https://www.ed.gov/news/speeches/secretary-devos-prepared-remarks-title-ix-enforcement …
Your attempt to undermine positive efforts by @BetsyDeVosED with purposeful misinterpretations of her goals is dispicable & self serving
Devoss has no positive efforts,  and isn't going to have, she inline for a trump payoff, her decisions aren't her own. She is a puppet.
Actually, she pulled the circus act all of you activists call 'protecting ALL students' out from under the rug.
#stopBetsyDevos.
I don't think that assessment is fair, Senator.
What about these people?
http://reason.com/blog/2017/09/07/devos-title-ix-example-cases-rape/amp …

Do their stories not count? Their lives?
You are safe hun.
Senator Murray, there is NO excuse for denying anyone due process.  You should hang your head in shame.
Is she buds with Judge Persky, Cosby or both?
Let's be clear: accused have the right to due process, not predetermined results.

No she is bringing Due process back
It might be a terrible thing to say, but my guess is that DeVos would entirely change her tune if she was ever sexually assaulted.
What if she just said she was raped, but wasn't?
And how often does that happen? And how many times is the victim so beat down that they don't report it and the guy thinks it is ok to rape?
Without a fair process you can never know. Personally I would rather see them face justice than be kicked off campus free to offend again.
No, no she didn't. Disagree with her if you like but be honest. You are better than this @PattyMurray
No she is not. Just another pathetic liar
Typical of the idiots in Trump's admin.
You a victim? We really don't need anyone but our police.
Every time you say, "let be clear..." the following happens...

Who's more important to you, Illegals or Washingtonians? I can't tell...
Its not an epidemic you twit learn to read statistics. ACTUAL DOJ statistics and not guesstimates used to defend this ridiculous claim.
Let's be clear: @PattyMurray is a petty tyrant who hates due process of law.
Let us who support her be clear,
Stop sweeping lives ruined under the rug on unfounded accusations based in hysteria
You simply cannot lie like in the past, proving you wrong is a few mouse clicks away, in seconds,, so please, stop lying, we know the truth
Um, lady, it's not the "epidemic " you push,,, your biggest enemy is information, ie the truth, and we all have instant access to it
Epidemic. How many is an epidemic. Less than 2% of women are raped at colleges. Sometimes less. Of course you would call that an epidemic.
Lol epidemic! Fucking hilarious.
Let's be clear: Patty should go back to school to learn basic listening skills.
Fascists like @PattyMurray do not believe in due process.
So we can add Sen. Murray to the list of people firmly opposed to the idea of due process for the accused. Good to know.
Keep lying crooked patty.  Your alt-left followers are naive sheep.
Sorry that you, Ms Big Pharma, don't believe men have rights too.
So you endorse emotion-based, non-factual, guilty-til-innocent justice?

Noted...
And denial of due process helps the interests of justice ... how?  Do your homework.  Don't need to be GOP or like Trump to applaud DeVos.
Re-read my tweet, bud. On your side. Learn Twitter. You can do it!
You are wrong.  She elevated the rule of law and due process.
Just cleaning up another horrible plan of Obama!! Do your research!!
https://twitter.com/Communism_Kills/status/905921685588766720 …
Lord forbid the accused have their due process rights upheld.
Due process for the accused is hardly "sweeping it under the rug."
Apparently you either didn't listen, you no speak a de English or your just an idiot.
Current rape policies overwhelmingly ruins the lives of minority students. Title IX needs to be fixed.
Wanting due process under the law instead of campus kangaroo courts is "sweeping it under the rug?"
Buzzfeed? What's next, DeVos paying russian prostitutes to urinate on rape victims? How are you a senator?
It'd help if you knew what you were talking about
Rule of thumb: the more someone says "let's be clear", the more they hope to shut down conversation because they know their argument sux.
What are you talking about?????
she is restoring due process

Nah it will just put a stop to you witch hunting & actually open the door for discussion on this issue.
When did she do that? Or are you making shit up to produce outrage?
Do you think accused students have a right to due process? If so, how is that consistent with Obama guidance ban on x-examination?
Due process sucks, amirite?
DeVos should never have been confirmed after she was humiliated during her hearing. It was clear then she wasn't up to the job. Thank Pence.
Nevertheless, she persisted.
and by students I mean men accused of assault. Get kocken often yom @BetsyDeVosED
She is a cancer killing our Department of Education.
You say that like it's a bad thing.
The republican party must have owe a lot to the Betsy's family, to have to endure all this humiliation and incompetence
Shameful, if this isn't the most ethically and morally challenged administration in history, I don't know what is.
Well, there is siding the IRS and NSA on American citizens in this decade... but let's run against wanting due process in legal matters.
Blah Blah Blah
Go Patty!
wonder if possible to set up website where SA victims could anonymously and safely score schools or communities on SA safety
Kinda like Yelp for Female students?
thanks
Hi Betsy. Here's what the 98% think of u
A pretty sad indictment of the 98%, then.
She came with a lotta brooms.
Seems like these 1%ers have lost touch w/ reality & should have to personally feel the pain & anguish that comes w/ these bad decisions.
Patty murray is a 1%
Why Betsy, why? Surely there are students who need protections far more. Who got to you?
A simple rule of law called 'due process'. With important stipulations like: Presumption of Innocence, and right to an attorney.
Betsy is unqualified for this position & should resign. She's just hurting education in America instead of making positive changes.
I think Bets needs to have those cables in her neck loosened. The strain is affecting her cognition and morals.
The system is failing Patty. You know it, and we all know it. Bad plan Obama did.
This is so wrong! Please continue to go after her. What kind of woman would do this?
Possibly one who embraces due process and opposes kangaroo courts.
Fun fact, Betsy: Did you know that once you contract syphillis, you'll always test positive for it on ELISA?
#TDS
And women will be silent again.  Back into the shadows, silence and closet for the most vulnerable among us, stripped of safety nets.
Sad! Just when we were told "I am woman, hear me roar?"
Women, take care where u go 2 college; parents, where u send your daughters. @BetsyDeVosED is abandoning you.
Kinda good advice overall, for value, politics, instruction and safety wouldn't you say?
Right. But “sexual safety” assessment will be increasingly difficult with @BetsyDeVosED & @USedgov hiding colleges with assault problems
Like Baylor University Ken Starr, hunted Bill over a Blowjob yet covered up numerous rapes at Baylor.
She is sick
her boss likes to grab em by the pussy. Lower your expectations.
Let's be very clear, we want her gone.We didn't want her in the first place. She will let our children get hurt. Education is unprotected.
"We"
I dont understand why this isn't a police matter & instead asks academic staff to investigate reported crimes. We've a legal system for this
Don't tell us; we know.  You failed Reading Comprehension.
Another tick in the fascism box: rampant sexism
A #Disgrace to #womanhood
What do you have against due process ? At least wait for her to come out with am alternative that doesn't hang potentially innocent people
How do?  By making hearings fair?
Betsy is so uninformed that she has no right to make this kind of decision.She's a pawn in an evil game against the safety of women.
What the is wrong with her? What is her agenda?
A simple rule of law called 'due process'. With important stipulations like: Presumption of Innocence, and right to an attorney.
Or stopped the lies--
Opening up new courses on college campuses Rape 101 how to not even worry abt it, it's not a crime now
Why can't the local law handle these cases....you know, the way it's supposed to be?
Because local law can't be convinced to concoct without evidence. . .
*convict
Clearly Betsy DeVos is one of the Lizard people.
Council for National Policy, Rightwing "Christian" Dominonist    group full of very wealthy people.
Let's be clear: Your statement is FALSE.
No one who supported reporting crimes wanted false accusations. How colleges have mishandled this does not mean reporting is the problem
No but mattress girl showed us how easy false claims can snowball into a shit show that cost Columbia University money and reputation.
This is an unconscionable decision, Secretary DeVos.
Which part? The "presumption of innocence for accused?" Or maybe the "allowing accused to know charges against them?"  Awful stuff, no?
