Trump to NBC: "When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story."
Please reach across the aisle to Senators who haven't completely lost their minds (@SenJohnMcCain ?) and make this happen!
lol John McCain is as complicit as the rest of them.  He always makes statements about how "disappointed" he is and then votes with 45.
*sigh* yeah, I don't know who else is even plausible though. 
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Murray.  We really appreciate you pressing for this.
trump sounds like my g'mother in late stage dementia - repeating ad  nauseum, paranoid, combative, etc.  Dump him before he kills democracy.
I agree 100% Senator. But now we need action. How will you make this happen?
We agree.Trump runs the US like a mob boss. He's owned by Putin who is the mob boss of russia. We don't want to wait until midterms.Onward!
Thanks. Keep fighting for us.  Rumor is that Dave Reichert's name being floated for FBI Dir. Bad idea.  He is incompetent!
So Senator, you think the FBI is unable to do their job? What about the nefarious links with HRC, the Clinton Foundation, and Russia.
...and BENGAZZI !
Yeah put Trump under oath and have him testify for 8 hours. Would LOVE to see that.
How about empaneling a grand jury before questioning Clinton and her aides. Federal prison is 100 percent certain.
It's history.
We need an independent investigation on all that Pharma Money you took, Patsy.
Let's make it happen. What can we do that we're not already doing?
How about you do your job instead of outsourcing it!
Too bad that the DAG disagrees :(
Please say it every single day.
Keep pushing hard for that special prosecutor and independent investigation Senator! We are counting on you!
Thank for your work senator. No unanimous consent till then. Shut. It. Down.
Inevitable GOP assault on Govt since '81 and loss of facts & good faith would lead to most ludicrous pres admin in history DEMS must rise
I agree.  It is time to either prove or put to rest Trump-Russia once and for all.
Agreed! @HillaryClinton Hillamust be prosecuted! Thank you for finally saying it.
I'll keep saying it too.  Why did you put campaign contributions ahead of taking care of WA citizens on meds! Sit down! Discussed Democrat!
We need your leadership on this more than ever. Please help organize Dems to halt all senate biz until we pass S.27 and get special prosctr.
Don't give up! We need the truth to come out.
Comey wasn't asking for more investigative resources but more prosecuting resources.  It's the DOJ who is lagging.
But spineless @davereichert sits on the sidelines silently complicit with Trump #Trumprussia #spinelessdave
I'll keep saying it: ur a political party hack who misleads the ppl. You should resign
Keep it up. We have a crisis on our hands. Thanks.
MURAY, LET'S LOOK AT WHAT THE DEMS AND SOROS DID IN THE ELECTION PROCESS. WHOLE BUNCH OF EVIDENCE THERE! YOU GAME?
https://twitter.com/jewhaditm/status/863027383301009408 … I'll post the same comment from Warren, if you'd like.
Sen. Paul: ‘Not One Iota of Evidence’ of Russia-Trump ‘Collusion’ – Built on a ‘Huge Myth’ http://www.cnsnews.com/blog/michael-w-chapman/sen-paul-not-one-iota-evidence-russia-trump-collusion-built-huge-myth …
And a psychiatrist.
Wasn't this obstruction of justice? Obstruction of ongoing investigation into him his colleagues? When is it enough? #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Thank you, Patty!
We need the men in the white coats and a nearby rubber room.
@PhilipRucker We cannot let democracy die in darkness.
Admission of guilt
And keep saying it until it happens.
Find a new drum. There's no Russian connection. Only liberal hatred and paranoia. Charges are coming but not against Trump!
Thank you thank you thank you!
What can constituents do to help make this happen?
Absolutely!
Can you do more?  Please use any leverage you have. Hard to imagine a situation more deserving of everything you can throw at it.
As one of your constituents, I agree! What are the steps you plan to take to make it happen?
YOU ARE RIGHT.  SPECIAL PROSECUTOR.  PLEASE REACH ACROSS THE AISLE.  REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS MUST STAND TOGETHER.  TRUMP IS BAD FOR USA!!
For Hillary and Huma to.
Less talk...more action!!!
We'd prefer u talk about the importance of border security & eliminating threat of terrorism.
So you don't trust the FBI?
On all the politicians in Washington State
There has to be someone across the isle that has not lost their mind?!  This is the slimmest  administration EVER!
I couldn't agree more!
How can you make this happen?
Please save our Democracy from this scourge...before it's too late.
Why peppermint patty? Because he don't word things as you and yours would?
Mmmmmmm sweet Koolaide.
Glad you're enjoying it. Some can't afford it !
I'm so sorry that more liberals didn't vote. We sure screwed our own pooch on this one.
Please make this happen! How can we help? I live in WA - you represent me, how can we help you??
You've accomplished bipartisan efforts before. This is your most critical mission to date! Get your allies across the aisle and act now!
My senator, please keep pushing for a special prosecutor.
But yet you kept your mouth shut when Clinton needed investigated for something far more severe? Makes perfect liberal sense
Diversion.
Thank you Senator, keep fighting for WA values. We roundly rejected this assclown last November, we reject him still.
@PhilipRucker what would we do with out you Patty!
Tweets aren't enough.
We have been asking for this to not heard yet..your closer get louder please.
We also need single payer...don't you agree? How is your ins.?
Please do keep saying it. Thank you!
Then do something about it
Yes please!
He is admitting that he fired Comey in hopes of making the Russia investigation go away?
Yeah to look in to the relationship between the Clinton foundation and Russia the Clinton foundation and Russia the Clinton foundation and R
#Impeach 45 Firing James Comey = Nixon Firing Archibald Cox Gather Evidence and Prosecute 45!!!
You mare absolutely correct.  Special; Prosecutor for HR Clinton, Podesta, yourself, and a few other democrats.
Agreed! It must happen.
Sadly Senator Murray, and saying this as a huge supporter, you have been generally silent on this issue until now.
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr are too COWARDLY to vote for special prosecutor. They've chosen to align with TREASON.
Make it happen!
Thank you. Business as usual needs too stop until this is done.
@PhilipRucker Because Murray would rather mislead and stoke Hysteria, rather than disclose FACTS! 3
Keep saying it Senator Murray:  "Single-payer. "
@PhilipRucker that he needs and the investigations are in no way compromised by Comeys firing. Google it....2
thank you Senator! I'm glad, and Proud, that you are my Sen.!
Why waste more money in a special prosecutor? The FBI is still investigating. Comey is just one person. FBI is many people.
You need to convince #partybeforecountry @SenateMajLdr @marcorubio & #alltalknoaction @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenJohnMcCain to help (good luck)
Senator, we need a new President. Help!
For how long can a US president lie as much as Trump does and get away with this Republicans when is enough use look like liars
All you need to do is look at Obummer.
You need your GOP counterparts to get on board! MAKE IT HAPPEN!
@RepAdamSchiff @congressdotgov @TheJusticeDept I AM AMERICAN CITIZEN I KEEP SAYING WE NEED A REAL INDEPENDENT COUNSEL. GET ON THE STICk GDIT
We need a special prosecutor for Hillary, agreed? Trump is just draining the swamp of corrupt democratic's.
@PattyMurray Please work hard to save our constitution, our health care and this country from this unfit president. Use your platform!
Y'all have to do more than just say it. Disappointed to see Senate return to business as usual today.
When half of America sat home last election and handed the house and senate to the GOP, their hands were tied. More liberals have to #Vote.
What? You do not trust the FBI who said today that the investigation will go on and that Trump admistration has not impeded it at all!
Again you cry "The Sky is Falling" You think the FBI are a bunch of incompetents. This is only a #DemNOcrat cult talking point. @FoxNews
double like
Will the FBI get the additional resources Mr. Comey & the FBI were asking for? That is the question now. Keep holding their feet to fire.
FBI temp Dir McCabe debunked that nonsense at congressional hearing today. He stated he has all resources 1
Comey requested prosecutors. But keep muddying the waters to pretend like there is nothing happening here.
Seriously! Wake up! Hearing in front of CONGRESS TODAY! McCabe said that's not true and he has what he needs.
You need to resign. You have lost the capacity to think rationally.
Yes ma'am! Thank you
There aren't even words to describe this. It's like watching a few good men. Waiting for Kevin bacon to come and read trump his rights.
Keep up the Good fight Patty!
Be afraid ! Be very afraid! Lol
His story is history in the making. #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
Since we gave the GOP the majority there is nothing she can do.
Saying it, Senator, or doing something about it?
Saying it isn't enough.  Stop allowing unanimous consent until it happens.
Thank you!
