Single Payer Universal Healthcare public option administered by not-for-Profit is the way forward.
Single payer is not the best health care!!
What is then?
The system that was in place before the Dems hijacked it.
America has never had single-payer in its history. In fact, the number of uninsured US citizens dropped by 33 million when OCare was passed.
I never said we have had single payer!
What about the voices of parents that have had their children wrongfully taken from them? You ignore them!! Our children are being stolen!!
People who want single payer health care need to look at countries who have it. Terrible!
Alright, let's take a look. Only 2 countries in the world have "true single-payer" healthcare: Canada and Taiwan. Let's look at them.
Taiwan
Singlepayer: yes
% of population offered coverage: yes
% of GDP spent on healthcare: 6.63
Source:
Please where were you in 2010 when millions lost health care and doctors Including my family. Spare me your fake Drama.
No stories claiming health care loss have withstood scrutiny. I doubt yours would either.
You simply do not know what you are talking about....but Patty Murray knows. Only some Americans matter to them
We need single payer healthcare for all citizens in the USA
And how will you pay for this?...
Flat tax like Canada
In case you missed it, we are already $22 TRILLION in debt...The flat tax would have to be astronomical to pay for all of this...
In Canada its 7% sales tax.  If we didn't have to pay for insurance or co-pays we would end up spending less
Resign , fake senator
That would be called Obamacare, ready to fix the lie yet
This isn't about health care. It's about greed, power and control over the American people.
Answer-Trumpcare. New name for Trumpcare=SKUNKCARE-has a certain ring to it-no? Or an essence to it like perfume-
Repealing Obamacare w/o replacemt leaves 32 mill uninsd & doubles premiums resulting in economic disaster for uninsd & from related job loss
I'll tell you what Bill does that...Obamacare did that exact thing!
Instead of Trumpcare, why not call it Trumpcut? Tax cuts, service cuts, cutting people off medical care, cutting options?

Is that a rhetorical question?...Obamacare did that...You voted for it...
In the last 8 years where was your amendment bill to fix #Obamacare that is failing millions of American tax payers?
No that's Obamacare.  Pathetic
What is Obama Care doing? Paying more for less. Higher deductibles. It's like not having any
You can only say that until you need major care for a chronic/life threatening condition. Insurance is like a slot machine. It's a gamble.
As a taxpayer&citizen instead of compliaing ,why not publically offer ur willingness 2 work with POTUS .PUT US FIRST & PUT POLITICS ASIDE.
It isn't for the 99% of the people. It is designed for the one percent, you know...45's cronies.
you're describing Obamacare to s tee. glad you're recognizing how horrible obamacare is.
I think the answer to your question is Obamacare
Neither was Obamacare. So don't you have better things to do than complain about the problems you and your ilk created with Obamacare?
Nothing more enslaving than illness,except one you can't afford to treat or causes brputcy. Obamacare greatest freedom enhancer. Go freedom!
We the American people are tired of lazy people living off of the backs of hard working people not including you.
All you want is single payer.  The AHCA is going to allow the free market to take care of everyone so why not get behind it instead of lying
My 1st preference #MedicareForAll ; 2nd lower Medicare to age 55 & introduce #PublicOption in all states ...please boldly lead us there
Public option, cross state lines.. That's what will fix all this
Then why do you exempt yourself from the health insurance you legislate for us? Such hypocrites.

Just what are you calling trumpcare? There isn't anything that you and your party is doing to fix it. Just "RESIST" isn't anything ZERO
Paying more? The ACA of course. Those kicked off don't pay now
What can be done about it?
HACK! #Bigpharma pimp!!!
Boooooooo
The Beast System
Ummm, that would be Obama care?
DC needs to get out of the health insurance scam.
The facts say otherwise. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/posteverything/wp/2015/09/21/the-success-of-the-affordable-care-act-is-a-hugely-inconvenient-truth-for-its-opponents/ …
It isn't a healthcare bill; it is a take-away to fund tax cuts for the wealthy.
RHETORIC talking points that have no standing... Good job sheep
Get us to #Universal Coverage in 2018!!
Hmmm, let me think...  Would that be the R #deathcare #Trumpcare bill that is designed to make the 1% even richer?
Note that millions are insured 'cause youth are penalized and indebted
How does youth get impoverished? If you don't have high income, most of the premiums are subsidized. You are drinking the kool-aid.
Just another tasteless attempt for the egotistical POTUS to destroy the Obama legacy to massage his disgusting ego.
It's actually not a health care plan. It's like calling a pickup a school bus. You can put 40 kids in it but it wouldn't end well.
The ACA made 100 of millions paying more!
Insurance isn't health care either, ignoramus.
He doesn't give a damn.  If it lines his pocket, hallelujah.
Fix ACA or go to single payer Premiums based on income Negotiate drug prices
Negotiate pills? Fuck no... You don't wanna pay for mine and I'm not paying for you
The only ones being kicked off are free loading able bodied people on medicaid. A program designed to help the elderly and the disabled
Its a taxcut disguised as health reform
OMG! A tax cut??? Let's not have anything as UN-PROGRESSIVE as that!!!!
You simpleton!
I think it's time for the people to take your health care and all the other politicians health care and maybe something could get done!
Patty, you might not want to talk to your constituents like they are Toddlers. I know that's the only professional training you have, but 
She thinks we're stupid.
I guess I don't understand. What has Obama care done. My premium went from 200.00 a month to 1200 a month and my deductable to 6000.
Right?
That's solely because of Republican "amendments". Trumpcare raises costs even higher.
I guess it just comes natural for some people to attack other people's plans when their own plans don't work, and they can't figure it out.
Very well done:))))
Off he government dole you mean.  They'll be better off getting their own once Obamacare restrictions are lifted.
Patty lies to you. It's not because of "you" that it's not done. It's because of the Special Interests that own BOTH sides of the isle!
The Republicans have not changed one thing yet so why is it failing, Genesis you and President Obama healthcare why is it failing??
No, neither the ACA or the GOP "healthcare plan" is what is needed. The only humane and viable solution is Single Payer.
No it's not. I'm not paying for your unneeded healthcare bills
Special interests like your BigPharma donors?
#TermLimits
#RepealObamacare 
#DefundPP
In accordance with you and the rest of your crownings this is all your guys doing why is it failing Republicans haven't changed nothing yet
Trump and the Republicans have done nothing to change that bill whatsoever yet this is all done accordance with you
Obamacare.
Wow! I think you misspelled ObamaCare.
Trump calls that a win
Smart people call that Obamacare.
