@Trackerinblue it seems that we are trying to go backwards. Always trying to tell women what to do & now this.

what? Talk with maturity.
It's a valid point. Not that complicated.
what is wrong with words instead of these memes.
For planned parenthood (or democrat policy) to claim to care about the black community is ridiculous. U ever read 'Losing Ground'?
woman's decision.
Google "eugenics". Planned Parenthood was created by Margaret Sanger, the mother of Eugenics.
Hillary Clinton failed to succeed Obama as the Alinskyite balkanizer in chief!
There goes Patty Murray: taking money from eastern Washington to fund programs that explicitly contradict their values. #NotALeader
pp is not health care. It's baby killing. 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154911641473728&id=49651563727&_rdr …
Thats Odd. Looks like an ocean of White Women. Looks like a bunch of Eugenics fans marching. Margaret Sanger would be proud of you Nazis.
while on the other hand voting against their ability to buy cheaper medication.
@PalmerReport impeach Trump!
For what, exactly?
the list is growing longer by the second troll!
What list? He's been in office a little over 24 hours. What has he done? Exactly?

THIS!
Their healthcare is not being taken away..they should pay for it like men have to pay for their healthcare. Equality in all!
Thank you for standing with planned parenthood!  And for being involved in the Global HER Act!
sure, if a woman wants an abortion, they can pay for it themselves we dont have to and we can not pay tax as a civil protest
Health care isn't being taken away. Just the federal funding of the murdering of the unborn.
How much of their government funding do they donate to your campaign?
is corrupt neolib. Took more BigPharma money than almost anyone and votes to keep Americans from paying lower prices for rxs.
No, you stand against logic and common sense.
So leftist.
@realDonaldTrump @StephenBannon @stranahan @IngrahamAngle Healthcare minus killing unborn babies; no problem! #NoFundAbortion
please vote NO to @POTUS  Education and Labor Secretaries..  please..he doesn't want it  and she is just dumb..
wow, there were Millions? Where we're they hiding?
So 2 angry lesbians, 2 disenfranchised,misguided,immoral twits,think they can dictate to the world huh, on your bikes dikes.
I will 100% support funding for Planned Parenthood the moment they stop killing babies.
too bad you don't care about the health of the unborn baby. YAY! Baby Killing! Woo Hoo! Sick world.
thank you for being my senator. please continue the fight for ALL against corruption, fascism, homophobia, misogyny + racism.
Planned parenthood was created to slowly eliminate black babies. Majority clinics in black communities. Racism.
you're right. there's problematic racial history associated with margaret sanger.
so........are you saying you feel dumb for saying "fight injustice and inequality" and teaming up with Parenthood?
You took  healthcare away by voting no to Klobuchar's bill allowing us to get rxs online snd Canada. You took huge Bigpharma$
Abortion is not health care - it's murder.
all these fools think she's on the same helathcare as them....sad. She isn't one with you. She has special Congress healthcare.
Thought for sure you would have worn these:
women are fighting against vulgarity with even more vulgarity-show some self-respect and dignity!
right, because taking away another human beings life is your "health care".
democrats care more about killing babies and allowing illegal aliens in America, why we have to pay so much tax? I dont use PP
today millions of American tax payers do not want abortions funded by our tax dollars Also planned parenthood backs you we dont
No. You stood millions of murderers who think killing babies is women's healthcare, women's rights and women's equality.
They will lose federal funding. And the Dems don't have the votes to stop it.
thank you for attending in protest
it baffles me we keep electing you
Can you tell us again how people loved bin Laden cause he built schools and shit? Did he build some halal abortion clinics too?
Didn't you teach Phys Ed before you became a Senator?  Wow, what a set of quals.
Pocohontas phony
I could not be more proud to be in your district
....Look fauxcahontas showed up at looserpalooza
No, you commies who want to extort $700 out of me for not buying into your idea of "helfcare" are part of the problem.
THANK YOU for supporting Planned Parenthood!!! And for your leadership.  Greatly appreciated.
Trafficking in fake news & hysteria, Senator? You should be ashamed. Yeh, we see what you did there.
Get private donor funding Senator. Think outside the box.
your right to murder your baby..
#DefundPlannedParenthood
You 2 girls have money. PocoH stole it from Indians... GIVE $$ to Planned Pussyhood... Hahaaa
There's two peas in a pod. @PattyMurray and @SenWarren Have fun being irrelevant Losers.
Islamic State is knocking at our door and you are worried about the knocked up? Seems disportionate.
>Women like you two will make Sex Dolls big sellers.
How do you like us now, TRUMP2020 will cut off all Public funding from the Baby killers


@CecileRichards Thanks for your support that is so important!
Please keep up the fight!
two sorry excuses for women you two make all of us look bad. U don't represent us shut up
Oh you lie! I have health insurance but not health care talk to me!
actually your standing with a racist who lied about her heritage to commit fraud. #fauxcahontas
Anti-Trump Marchers ‘Mostly White’ Women Who Need ‘Therapy’ After Clinton Loss and douche bags.
ridiculous
Pocahontas lying again!
@SenWarren WOW now there are two of the biggest dividers in America. Neither one has a damn clue about real America
@CecileRichards Cool
Ya Ta Hai....
My friend humped your daughter at a party years ago. Six degrees and all.
Good cause, too bad you link with Warren, who showed no guts w/ support for Sanders. Might not need to march if she'd shown up.
Baby killers!
Any comment on the millions of working men & women that cant afford obamacare???
Most women believe they have equality and Justice, And to state people will lose there healthcare is Fear mongering, Semantics
...All just a bunch of hate filled, foul mouthed skanks hurting their own cause.
Well, if it isn't Tweedle-Dee & Tweedle-Dum!  Two of the most vile, pro-death people to disgrace the US Congress.
Planned Parenthood should be privately funded. My WA tax dollars are wasted. @PattyMurray #draintheswamp
give all the money back you got from drug companies.  Over 400k last year alone. Donate to plannned parenthood
Thank you all!!!
looking and listening to you 2 makes me want to support abortion... #goodgrief
@SharonHoole So DT repeals Obamacare with no system to replace it? Bad business, bad for your country, bad leadership!
the bull is running deep now. Shift attention away from murdering in the womb and call it...lol...health care.
Thank you!
You do not stand for me .. Planned Parenthood in place to profit off the bodies of dead ripped apart babies
I'm proud that you represent me, Patty.
selling body parts much
.@PattyMurray hope both you @SenWarren stand with us today and March with us here in DC!
Thank you ladies for being the heroes we so desperately need! I stand with you.
and yet you don't appear to stand with the "deplorable" half of your constituents.
good luck you will need it
It's Started Who Can We Believe? 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/wp/2017/01/20/interior-department-banned-from-twitter-after-retweet-of-smaller-than-usual-trump-inauguration-crowd/?tid=sm_tw&utm_term=.9ed112f51e47 …
You didn't feel bad taking my health care away when you voted for Obamacare! So you and Warren go to HELL!
Thank you and we stand strong with you and Elizabeth as we move forward during these trying times
yet you voted against a bill that would  lower prescription medications for Americans by importing them from Canada.
thank you!!
its nothing more than an abortion march
did you know that Planned Parenthood does much more than abortions? For more than women, too? Helping LGBTQ ppl??
Please translate Trumps Affordable Care Act Exec Order, what it means/could potentially mean? Millions are terrified right now!
I hope you can save the ppl who are desperate for healthcare
Thank you Sen Murray & @SenWarren for standing up for women, working people, students - 
Vote No on Trump Nominees
Love you guys and how intelligently you handled the hearings. Very impressive.
YES THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
How about standing with the unwanted unborn children?  Who protects them?
Thank you!! Keep up the good work!!
I don't get it. One week you vote against importing discounted Canadian drugs and the next week you stand up for healthcare? Pls explain.
You are a hypocrite and corporate SellOut! Shame on you! Your constituents deserve better!
@janet_yackle We're expecting you to stand up to tRump and Repubs every day. We're watching to see who works for us.
Damn Right
It's sad that you would stand with murders of unborn humans.
I think the plan is to replace it with something better that will include everyone.
Planned Parenthood is for everyone. Anybody can go there. I have relied on them as an LGBTQ teen and adult.
please keep up the fight, let them sink themselves and the new president of few. @SenWarren  you are our hope, the change.
prove their health care will be taken away, lose the talking points you feckless liberals
love you, Patty!  my senator.
This is the LIBERAL way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Youstood on the graves of millions of dead babies.  Killing a child is no "health care"else even you wouldn't call it a choice.
@_NeverTrump Liz did you ever ask God and Native American's for forgiveness for lying about your race.
These 2 Baby Killer advocates should be in JAIL!
You want your PP, keep them out of the Government! Defund and return to private, no gov oversight = no politics. NO BRAINER!
Why did you vote against allowing Americans to buy drugs from Canada?
Et vous êtres magnifiques!
abortion and selling baby parts or havesting cells is wrong.i will lobby against PP-these services can be provided by Med dr
TY to both of you! We are counting on you to rally the troops & protect what it right & good about our country! Onward!
great job questioning pee pee's cabinet members. Proud to see politicians still care for We the People.
great!!!
How about Canadian prescriptions?
Thank you Ladies...
as my senator, please continue work for WA citizens and fight against corruption. Is Trump already violating Emoluments clause?
but you sold out to big pharma? Makes sense.
You should have boycotted
Funny you didn't stand up for the last vote.. your not forgiven..  Note Women's health care..  like you really care.
We don't start acting like Trump supporters.  We work with her.  You don't throw baby out with bath water.
thank you!!
thank you!
@lcaciola883 THANK YOU !!!
nah
thank you, Senators!
save Medicare and the ACA @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
.@PattyMurray get out of the way, before you get run over by the will of the American people
Thank you Senator!!!!
.@PattyMurray Thanks for joining the protest and being part of the resistance. Keep it up, we love you here in Washington.
it's sick that you call fascism resistance. I call it resistance when people oppose leftie fascists & commies.
@CecileRichards thank you!!
Thank you for finally mentioning "Men" for the first time in your career. Hopefully #Congress will enact Equitable #healthcare
yet you would vote against Bernie Sanders amendment to reduce the cost of pharmaceutical drugs - you forget Bernie won WA state
Three people who all deserve big #respect #shoutouts today:  @CecileRichards, @SenWarren and @PattyMurray!

#TakeBackOurDay
two peas in a pod.
Nasty, vile, no class. And now...irrelevant.
Don't recall anyone saying the 9,000 plus health clinics would close....or that health insurance was going to be outlawed.
@FLXobsv and many millions more of us want to see the unborn have rights.i lost my insurance under Obamacare-I don't count?
You look like you're in an ad for some low-end, Medicaid-funded nursing home. "Sunset Manor" or something similar.
You're a lost cause, fighting for the right to murder children. Can you say, "NAZI"
the small # of pregnancies that are aborted are likely unstable homes that ProLifers hate giving welfare to
Although #IStandWithPP I wish you & Senator Warren would've joined the boycott #illegitimatePresident
Thank you!
Thank you,  hope to see you tomorrow.
nah! You should have stayed away. I've voted for you but no more. You have been there too long to know us anymore.#notmySenator
Thank you, Senator. Proud of your representation. 
Hey old woman in tennis shoes: how abt the millions of babies that were murdered being ripped from limb 2 limb out of the womb!
Thank you!

My health care was better, and had lower rates, BEFORE ACA.
@SenWarren Thank you, you two wonderful, strong, women, for all that you do. Thank you for giving voice to women's rights!
Two of my most favorite women. Stay strong and be the badasses I know you can be!
Saudi Arabia saw what did the children of Yemen who kill a Saudi aircraft and you are silent
You're the reason we have Trump by backing Clinton and I won't forget where to send my vote in 2020
72% of Washington voted Bernie, I wouldn't forget which horse to back moving forward @PattyMurray
keep track of all that has been removed from white house website.  LBGT rights, climate chane, healthcare, civil right.
You have my support Senator.
lol "health care"
yesssss! Real representation!!! 
@SenWarren thank you Senators!
thank you
So very proud of these tough women warriors!! Thank you on such a sad day for being there to represent those that couldn't come
Cool! So your standing with @realDonaldTrump This is really great!
Next time please stand with your constituents and support @SenSanders attempts to lower prescription drug prices for working people!
thank you!
