????  No, as hard as the democrats are against the American workers, @POTUS must fight harder for the American worker.
Raising minimum wage will help no one! Socialism doesnt work!
The WAGES haven't gone up since Wagon Train, but everything else has gone up what about your VETS on fixed-income(Disabled) ???
You know what all we get is talk talk talk swallow you corrupt politicians can get elected
Let the free markets set the wages, get gov out of the private sector. It has worked well for Sweden and Switzerland.
u people are such dumbasses..he has been visiting the blue collar workers everywhere - u just want 2 oppose anything ..grow up -
Ya mean the same corporate crooks who are paying Obama $400,000 for a speech? Those crooks?
Trump doesnt want American jobs? Apple, Intel, Ford was all fake?
Another moronic Democrat
Why don't you let the market determine that and you and Chuck stick to legislation. Work on the health care bill, tax reform.
you know that scene in House of Cards when the teachers union brings in homeless people to strike??
left wing propaganda & out right lies.Trumps tax plan will do more to help the lower & middle classes than anything you dems have ever done
And for individuals who are not married with children.
You are such a liar... Donald trump is working for the Workers by reducing the tax burden you politicians put on us.. #nomoredeathtax
Elaborate...to 15.00 per hour?  Or are your donors saying no?
Obviously, you are clueless, concerning small business!
Support Trump. He will  create good paying jobs above the $15. Help MAGA
Save our healthcare!
How about create real jobs. Stop with this wage bs and bring back some good paying jobs.
Why is it you.dont like Trump?  Oh ya I forgot patty.  U dont want success and prosperity for all americans.
Stop Trump and Pence! Stop the Republican terrorists who are destroying our country!
And who really is going to pay for these higher wages?  All of us when we buy something. And also why our products don't export, cost$$$$
What about the lay offs at Coke cola? Can he save those jobs?  Ask him
Give back the $475000 in Pharma money, Patty!
I totally do not see any proof of this. Proof pls
What you don't understand is a healthy economy and a low jobless rate will hike wages.  In this situation no need for regulations. No nannys
Where's Trump's tax records? IMPEACH TRUMP.  WHATS IS HIS DAUGHTER DOING?The whole family is making 100s of millions of dollars on our dime
Your out of your mind! POTUS IS ONLY 1 for the workers u politicians r selling us out! DEMORATS R COMMUNIST!
This from the traitor who schemed w/ @SpeakerRyan to screw military families out of earned benefits while funding food stamp ads in Mexico.
yew I d like to see someone in Washington live on 12 dollar an hour wage
Just where the heck were you guys when Obama killed the middle class? Get real not stupid. Can't you comprehend what's going on now?
Can u dems be any more stupid How does creating jobs stack the deck against workers That dog just don't hunt anymore baby!!
why do you have better healthcare than the rest of us? are you an elite?  hypocrite.
And we all must remember we are suffering from 8 years of OBAMA's job killing GDP killing policies. You freaking hypocrites.
Your socialists mandates create societies like Argentina. You want min. wage to go from 8 to 15/hr a lot of businesses will close. Then what
Shut up and work together like adults. The tantrums from your party are past old. We need full time jobs not part time at 15.00 per hour.
Deceptive. Top 20% of wage earners pay 50% of total tx paid. Bottom 50% of wage earners pay no tax.
Thank You to all who Tweets daily, Make phone calls, Do emails &FACEBook, bcz BOOTS on ground is not an option. #StrongerTogether YesWeCan!
Marchers! Protestors! Protectors! Demonstrators! Nothing can be fully accomplished w/o money. We must claim donations or we have no VOICEs
CITIZENs. Lots of you can do better. You carry undue fears. You pass up opportunities out of fears. Help the nation. Claim that which U need
POLICE CHIEFs! revenue via a slow economy &low income ppl harms not just today's citizens, but for generations to come. Can you SAVE USA
Trump voters - are you watching?  What about your needs, concerns, families?
COURTS of America. Petty charges are screening out good ppl. Ppl who seek work 2care for self &family. Do clemency now &yrly. SAVE Americans
All CEOs! stop lying. Americans can do any jobs any foreign citizen can. Your lies are hurting generations. Hire Americans. Increase wages.
Another out of touch Democrat lying to their shrinking radical base about the many successes this admin is getting done.
Do not pass Trump's 15% tax 4Trump foundations. Taxes r needed for bridges. roads. schools. power plants etc. Trump already pays no taxes
you tax everyone into the ground.  Stop providing handouts, and start giving a leg up.
Handouts for the 1%.  You honestly thing the poor are the one's taking advantage of you???
no. The government's job is not the redistribution of wealth. Education, defense, infrastructure.
When done with the tax breaks to the wealthy, the burden gets shifted onto the middle class to make up the difference or be in a deficit
again, I didn't see a tax increase in the plan for the middle class. It's not there yet.
Either way it's redistribution of wealth. Whether it rich to poor or poor to rich.
Gov't should not redistribute wealth.  Defense, Education infrastructure, law and order.
Is that for USA or North Korea?   You changed this a few times now.
Toward that end, we need Democrats in control of Congress again.
Not Corporate Democrats please.
You do know @POTUS @realDonaldTrump enacted 
(Buy American Hire American) What have you and Chuckie done for working people in this Nation?
He didn't enact anything- that's an EO without any force of law to support it. Further, we've had the actual Buy American Act since 1933.
T is more than able to enforce the existing laws, but signing a meaningless Executive Order to fool rubes like you is mich simpler.
"Mich simpler" you must be the Rhodes scholar of liberal politics 
Wait till Ruth is gone and SCOTUS is 6-3 Conservative 
Enjoy! Mwah 
You are quite the Catholic, wishing death. Find peace.
Dear politician. U depend on citizens votes. Go to work for citizens. U Working 2find dough donors for next election wont feed our families
Please push for mental exam on him. He is a pathological liar, he uses word salad when he talks, he offered the US military to Putin.Nuke 45
All politicians must put America 1st. Join &pass a moriatorium on outsourcing US jobs &H1Visas, until US employment &wages satisfies workers
All labels of Cong/Sen Politicians can help families by joining on issue of wage increase &begin a min of $15hrly for all F500 companies.
America's Clergy can help families by meeting w/area merchants &contacting CEOs requesting jobs w/disposable income from entry level up.
You realize raising wage to in skilled workers will force companies to downsize and unemployment will rise ethics 101
Of target
Dems are the ones that have created the poor so they can control them and use little carrots for votes. The people are not stupid.
howl much do yall want, you are going to break our bids. the lowest the lowest *sobbing* daddy these people dont want me on a yacht??? sob
So glad to see this attempt to begin raising the federal minimum wage to $15/hour. Thanks Patty! So proud you are my Senator.
Patty Murray is doing nothing for anyone but herself, time for her to go, time to Drain the Swamp of garbage like her.
You Democrats are doing nothing for your base or the American people, you are sacrificing Americans, see you @the polls
Dimms are losers.  Trump needed to fix everything you and Obama screwed up.  MAGA!
Are more jobs for people who know how to work for what they get. 100 days past due? Obama had 8 years. 10yr old protesting need be in school
Unions and paying stupid people to work for way more than they are worth is what took job out of US.  $15/hr for fast food=robots workers
You liberals are so very much out of touch with the real working families!!!!!! Why did you not help for the past 8 yrs????? Hypocrite!
Quit worrying about wages & start allowing workers to keep their money instead of being forced to give it to govt!!! You libs  taking our $
#TRUMP #BUFFOON BASE #INSANE #DEPLORABLES sacrifice their own WELL BEING see OTHERS SUFFER EXAMPLE #ACA helping PPL preexisting conditions
How can you raise their wages when they don't have a job?  You're either blind or putting forth false rhetoric from the Chief of Liars Obama
Trump is on the American people side he's doing a great job Democrats are the obstructionist
Patty, you're delusional! Trump all about jobs! The @TheDemocrats did nothing under Obama for jobs and millions went offshore
WTF! What did OShito & U arseholes do about "stack the deck" for 8 years!  Why not support OUR President? U speak with forked tongue !
WHY, MURRAY? SO YOU AND YOUR FELLOW DEMOCRATS CAN CONTINUE TO OVERTAX THEM? WE MUST VOTE YOU AND DEMS OUT BEFORE WE ARE HOMELESS!
Do you and Clown Schumer honestly believe that any American reads this BS tweet and actually believes it? WTF have you done for workers?
What needs to be fought against is government taking more and more from those that have earned it legally redistributing it to freeloaders
@SenSchumer no he is not he is creating jobs you are trying to destroy them
Keep it up with your bs narratives and be prepared to keep on losing. You lost because you weren't supporting working families.
You ppl have no clue how hard this @POTUS is working for workers! Eliminated job killing regulations put in by O, who had no clue either!
Thanks, Senator. We love you. Keep on them...keep supporting our works. In solidarity from Mason County, Washington.
Keepfactories & incentives in USstop unfair trade against USA HELPSworkers & owners. u hold &exploit citizens as incompetents2 rally votes
He is doing just the opposite,bringing back jobs..Please stop spreading FAKE news Patty.
So how are you doing that?
The unions like Trump what are you talking about
This is a pathetic attempt at maintaining the narrative. When you have something REAL to say, tweet again. Until then, go sulk.
The only people that will benefit in the Trump Regime are

 Trump Family
 Billionaire BFF
 Putin
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
So, lower taxes wouldn't help you?  What are you complaining about?  You're silly.
Trump = 500,000,00 New jobs is a FACT! Where's your FACTS
Take a nap, Patty. You're a little cranky.
Hey @PattyMurray is Economics 101 a requirement to work in the senate?
Yeah I didn't think so...
You mean people that don't work and not really families.
President Trump has done more to great GOOD JOBS than any of you Dems have done in the last 16 years
UR a blind man & it looks like you will be affected the most if you last. People ur age R the least of trumpf concern. He's into "cleansing"
@SenateDems when you tax the Rich higher prices job loss stag net wages stop trying to make someone else pay your way
Law of supply & demamd. Removed illegal, enforcing visa law. Wages will go up. Dems. Caused low wages. Wake up!
Time for ya'll to get an Independent Prosecutor - investigate trump - a priority!!!!!
You have to have an actual allegation with actual evidence to investigate
How much money is paid for work is based on how much the job is worth, not how much the person doing the job worth.
POTUS not trying to stack deck against workers. LIES!!!!!
15 an hr would put ppl in higher tx bracket.US citizens lose help with Medicaid,childcare,food stamps,schooling.let's give it to Illegals
@SenSchumer Fight harder when this new tax reform proposed by DT & business gains more. U.S. peoples' are going pay in future.
The people will be replaced by robots. Happening already..and it won't get people off welfare. Deport illegal aliens that will help wages
I'm all for raising min. wages, but no more than 5% across the board but should adjust to std. of living in each state or better each city.
Do not raise minimum wage people need to learn a trade or go to college
Patty Murry you're a joke.
@realDonaldTrump wants to make America Great, @PattyMurray wants to make America Venezuela! @SenateDems
The osa is a trade agreement, try so news articles first, then???
People of America wake up put a stop to Donald Trump rich get richer poor stay poor no middle class no class wake up America
Trump is not stacking the deck against workers. What's the matter with you? U politicians think you can say anything regardless of facts.
Lol, were the trump lies hit the road. You followed the "wave" in high school.
SNAP OUT OF IT THE @POTUS is lowering taxes for the middle class! Stop lying to your low info constituents!
Murray in bed with Boxer , enough said!
"...but you still have to pay a fortune for your meds because I support big pharma and they support me $$. You're going to need that raise."
You & your ideas are why you lost the House, Senate & WH, along with over 1000 seats in the US. Keep reciting the same Progressive nonsense.
Oh look, another blow hard that has no idea what they are talking about or the ramifications.
What about us on social security were long over due raises try living on $1200 a month we need our raises were starving raise ! Now
American Middle Class warfare with the use of Unions in bed with career coruptted Washington DC Elected Establishment Politicians.
Thank you for your honesty, integrity, and belief in American families, Senator Murray. #RaisetheWage #MinimumWage
@TheDemocrats This is Schumer's second failed task in a row.  He should be worried at the boardroom.
How he escapes termination after failing as the leader...in two task in a row..it's amazing.
I would like to see Nancy and Chuck both go in together.
one of you gets to lead another day..the other..pack your things and take the elevator down please.  Car is waiting
