#obamacare unsustainable
Roll out Den plan to fix ACA and. Make them compare 1:1. Shame Rs into working with you. Get offer on the books public record in media.
Why not just let government get out of the health care business.
#obamacare unsustainable
InsPremiums&HospitalServiceCosts are higher so we subsidize $84.9 Billion of uninsured indigent (and prison).With Govt,cost are controled.
GOP is a party of elite bigots who care about wealthy no one else
You mean like #MedicareForAll ?
Did you say this about Obamacare?  That was jammed right through without one republican vote?  That Dems tried to "deem" passed?
The senate us the swamp with Trump the leader of the pack
Lets help Vets, Texas citizens,  Florida citizens called Americans.  America first
Puerto Rico also
URGENTLY UNITE AGAINST #CassidyGraham ObamaCare repeal, as Republicans SNEAK REPEAL BEFORE SEP 30 while NATION IS DISTRACTED. PL RETWEET.
Yet you Dems already set the precedent. Bring a bill and quit bitching
I agree.
Like Obamacare did!! You're an embarrassment.
Agreed! Thank you!
single payer healthcare for the democrats ONLY.  paid for by democrats ONLY.  that would pass. everyone else. free choice.
Lol. Give us single payer Patty.
Keep up the fight! Thank you from a fellow Washingtonian!
Obamacare slowly chocks the life out of the American people,but that's okay. Right? You don't care you don't have to live under it.
35 million off health care. No insurance for pre-existing. Lifetime caps (retroactively). 90% nursing home use Medicaid welcome to GOP brand
Like Obamacare was jammed thru. You still have not read it. You knew your brother is a predator and still sit quietly. Vote out Democrats
#obamacare unsustainable
Senator Murray, how can I help?
Thank you, Senator @PattyMurray!
Term limits, you gey to rich not voting American
I'm sure you only care about freebies for immigrants
Yes, you need to bring your power to bear to make sure this Deathbill is thoroughly understood.
Medicare for ALL, military, vets and congress as well!
You mean like the ACA did?
I don't want to harp on this but you have a Health Care Plan. We don't need one that robs us of any chance of keeping our insurance.
No jamming just pass it so we will know what is in it. SOUND FAMILIAR LIBTARDS??????
Reconciliation expires on the 29th. What are the parliamentary tricks between now and then?
Burning up phone lines
Is Sen Alexander trying to get GOP Senators to review your bipartisan ACA effort?
-Patty, U betray the American ppl and their need for affordable healthcare! U know that Obamacare is not able to fill that need!Yet U RESIST
ACA meets the need 1000 times better than #GrahamCassidy.
1000% behind you!!!! #protecttheaca
Women of the senate!
Can we get the same as you
Patty this will help our people, stop obstructing.
Washington senators need to co-sponsor #MedicareForAll.
NO, feel free for your own State to pay for healthcare, but don't expect the country to pay for you leeches.
Kill it with fire,nuc it from orbit!
IT SHALL NOT PASS!!!
Give them hell Senator Murray. Keep representing Washington state values! Thank you.
Lol kidding right? All she does is leech off taxpayers collecting her paycheck. Please name one good thing she has done?
As always Patty you are correct. It would be an unconscionable 'jam' by this group of slimey Republicans. But we have learned their ways.
Call 1-212-224-3121 Give ur zip code. Remind them they had 7 years to write a bill that wouldn't kill or devastate rural economies. #FlipGOP
What's wrong with @SenJohnMcCain? If this bill applied to him, would price him out of insurance. As it will my recently-diagnosed husband.
Thank you for opposing this bill.
Please Hillary Clinton give it up. You all are about follow the dollar. Money talks and Bullshit Walks
Time to go to battle for the tax payers Senator!
Why, can you be more specific on why we should prevent it form getting "jammed" through?
Nobody has read it, debated it
Obama care and Nancy Pelosi come to mind If no one read it or are debating it how is it that @PattyMurray can put out how harmful it will be

Vote No
You called yourselves Robin Hood's for the American people as you did it.  While now the Rs are sinister trolls trying to kill kids.  Lol
PATTY MURRAY LOVES OBAMACARE SO MUCH SHE VOTED TO EXEMPT HERSELF AND CONGRESS FROM IT.    #HYPOCRITES   #VOTEGOP IN 2018.
PATTY MURRAY IS CORRUPT EXPEL HER FROM CONGRESS NOW.
I always laugh when power changes.  And watching the ousted party complain about the party in power doing exactly what they did
Thankfully I know my senators will vote against.  Can we help in any way?
Check this out:
Like your party jammed through ACA and allowed us to read once it was passed with the nuclear option?  But I mean, D had a good reason
TheyArgued & Negotiated 4 Months>Separate RxPlan(Costliest) Was RW Concession>U CanLook It Up>Or Keep Repeating
@PattyMurray
Right.... until.... Ds got fed up, closed doors to draft final bill and ram it through.  The only  in this feed was your half truth reply
Stop trying to tie it to Trump Congress owns it
Why do I have the feeling this thing is designed to fail to thwart primary challenges and put the burden on moderates in blue states?
WE THE PEOPLE REJECT #OBAMACARE --- POTUS MUST USE EXEC ACTION TO PUT #CONGRESS IN #OBAMACARE   DO AS YOU SAY.  #CORRUPT DEMOCRATS.
Writing letters and calling praying it stops this
