either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
Hopefully Republicans will do for the next budget what they did for this one: ignore his demands, work with Democrats, and get it done.
Then why r u still so angry & bitter?
All of the Senators have the power to "shut this POTUS down" and you are not doing it. WHY?
What's more dangerous is wanting to change the rules when he doesn't get his way. Oh gee, that's how the GOP got a SCOTUS judge.
@ImpactDemocracy Dangerous and irresponsible...must be a Trump Tuesday...
Senator I believe the problem is he doesn't know what one is. He probably thinks everyone goes on vacay and comes back tanned & rested. Ugh!
He is a threat to the Constitution.   He is a threat to country.
And he's a lot more than just dangerous and irresponsible! He's really, really scary.
Passing annual budget 7 mo into the year that will add billions or trillions to the deficit, now that's dangerous & irresponsible!
You lost this chess game @pattyMurray. You play right into Trumps hand shutting down parts of government nobody cares about.
Why Patty ---because you don't like it?  Too damn bad!  You are one of the "swamp" creatures ---drain it and fix it.
And if it does shut down, it'll b bc u Obstructocrats do the only thing u ever do - whine, moan, & complain. #LibsRHaters
No our country needs a real president and cabinet
What we need is a real president who cares about country above party & self interests. Definitely not Trump.
Term limits for Congress!
I keep thinking I'm beyond shock
He's an idiot mistake.
He needs a vacation this is to hard for him
GOP agenda. Feed the rich. Screw the poor.
I really would like an answer please Senator Murray. All of US(A) would.
Shut that damn Gov.
Crybaby , bully
Patty Murray is reckless and a straight doushe bag!!!  So are all her followers.
It's amazing how a few doushe bag democrats can fuck up our country.   People WTF up!!
Trump is both dangerous and irresponsible!
#weseeyou Trump.  You want a vacation.
$ 320 billion of the trillion $ budget goes for debt service for the country's national debt that doubled over the last 10 yrs. protest that
Thanks for listening
He is utterly misguided by the crazy voices in his head!
@POTUS if you shut down gov't you put thousands of people out of work. Nobody will get their paychecks. Sit down with Speaker Ryan and learn
The POTUS regulary shows his disdain & lack of regard for the consequences of his words. Someone tell him "This isn't a reality show."
38,000 people liked his tweet and 476 liked yours. Yes, you speak for the people.
when Trump does not get his way,the threats start,he wants to again change the number of votes to pass things,just to gets his way. VOTE NO
u have betrayed the people who sent u to washington look for new jobs when ur term is up we will replace u with honorable people
Just like not working with the President is irresponsible.  Some he liked...your behavior too is childish & tone deaf as always. Get along.
The dictator is gearing up.
Many civilian employees at Ft Lewis financially hurt during last shut down. Single moms paying for GOP immaturity! Fight them.
Unless you start working for America and quit your liberal agenda a shutdown is order. None of you or your staff should get paid while down
It's the only way he can win and threatening people
It's all for the party, who knows
He is both Senator Murray.
It's full of b s.
Democrats are being obstructionist so maybe we need a shut-down to let the public know you won't fund those things we elected Trump to do!
I need live saving surgery soon. I'm a senior. I'll die and so will my sister on INFUSIONS if this DEATHcare passes. Many ppl  will.
Trump is a spoiled old man that has, in essence, bullied, sued or threatened to get his way..All the while, lying, being deceptive &  Putin
Tuck you FRUMP!!!
I'm a decent Christian and I say that because TRUMPSTER you are so truly EVIL and I know God won't be mad because he hates EVIL too!
Its blackmailing America. Changing the rules of the game because you can't win unless you CHEAT is going to kill many Americans young n old!
Agreed. Unfortunately, trump and the republicans don't care. But chaffetz can have his foot operated on. Geez.
You're EXACTLY RIGHT. MONEY IS THEIR GOD.!
@realDonaldTrump good, shut it down
he is a reckless con man, what do Americans expect?
You like and support this bill, but remember Trump is president, he was elected on his platform. Remember, elections have consequences !
Dear lord this idiot needs to be stopped!
Everything he does is dangerous and irresponsible. Doesn't seem to make any difference to his followers both in the public and in Congress
Its more dangerous to put our children in debt but, hey you've been doing the same old same old for +20 years right...
Impeachment could fix the mess before September.
He is dangerous and irresponsible period!! #Impeach45 #MalignantNarcissist
What else has Trump been from the beginning but dangerous and irresponsible..
@GOP when it's time for re-election will you stand with Trump who's already calling for a Sept shutdown? Or with the voters? #DumpTrump
That's not even close. He's a tyrant and a tale malicious Dictator. He's liable to cause this country to be put in the line for Extinction.
Ya think? Does anyone THINK anymore!!
He hasn't read it or he is one cruel human being.
He blocked his baby nephew from life saving treatment when fighting over the family will.Sicker than Putin and Assad. He's HITLER INCARNATE
Thank you for calling this out @PattyMurray. This man is unfit to lead our country and seems more unhinged and dangerous by the day.
Don't Dems realize, he's doing what people want him to do? Get the damn government out of our pockets and clean up the waste in Washington!!
It's dangerous & irresponsible to #resist everything Trump is trying to accomplish after the country made him POTUS. Shut it down! #budget
He is a very dangerous, he throws out threats like the bully he is, can't believe he is threatening voters
What has he done so far that's been well thought out and responsible thus far?
Thank you .@PattyMurray. When will the process of removal start, as he's blatantly wanting to abuse the executive powers bestowed upon him.
My way or the highway eh? No wonder he worships dictators, they get to do what they want! Unfair! Sad! So mean! Ima gonna hold my breath!
Change the Presidential election to 51.1%, eliminate the Electoral College, standardize the voting system nationwide and eliminate caucuses.
We do need to come together and put USA first, time to drop the fighting or get someone else to preside over our government.
President Trump DOES NOT need to sign this irresponsible bill........this bill is NOT what the people want,let it shut the govt down!!!!!!!!
Add it to the steaming pile!
Here we go again.. If I don't get what I want I'm resorting to my mobster mentality and threaten ppl!! This ass is a crackpot!!!
Nope , We Go For Shut Down !!!!!!
He just wants a dictatorship, and thinks having all Repubs will give him total control.
Again, f trump and his tandrums
I shouldn't say this stuff, gonna work at it.  What say you trump.  With me?
I agree with the President!! Democrats have no problem disrupting govt. so hope he does it!! #MAGA
And yet he just referred to it as a clear win.
I know... maybe he needs to watch even more tv?
He is dangerous and irresponsible. How much longer is Congress going to allow this to continue?
He is a blithering, blathering, bombastic buffoon.  And probably in the later stages of syphilitic dementia.
How many times have you supported a shutdown by not being bipartisan?
No taxation without representation! 
51% hardly represents the nation as a whole! #resist
Nothing surprises me with Trump he is so unfit for office. I hope the Redneck NRA members who voted for him have learned their lesson
That you Senator!
*Thank*
