It would be a mistake for President Trump to turn his back on US citizens, legal US citizens! #MAGA
Why don't you go live in Mexico cause you sure don't give a shit about the kids here you need to resign quit stealing taxpayer money 
Um, DACA literally is for kids, and people brought over as kids. Would you like to be kicked out of the only country you've ever known?
To bad you think anyone give a what you think go with them 
Well, if you're not native American, you're living here illegally. Are you ready to be deported?
Well well I I'm to bad for you so get out
How convenient.
That's right my Native American name is smoking cloud it don't look like you have a very big tribe of 84 followers here ride on this 
Really? What's your first name there, ace? Because, still:
that's all your party has done for last several years. instead of being the problem maybe you all should try to join Trump  be the solution
Trump is not the solution.
then you haven't been listening to his message
He has no message.
Answer : 7 years
Terms are for four.
WHOA!!! Really???  Let me explain.  POTUS has been in close to a year.  FOLLOWING ME. A Prez. can be re-elected for another 4.  #NoClue
Which isn't going to happen.
If left up to (All)  politics you will be correct.  But media (B.S.) claims he has lowest approval #s, Obama's was at the same @ this point.
You are absolutely  right
It's the law moron!!!
Because that would be something new from him? He's done that all along.
Quit playing identity politics and uphold the constitutional rights of citizens you swore an oath to uphold
Thank you Sen Murray, stand up for our Daca kids and the people who depend on the Dems always
Not just a mistake, but cruel. Thank you, @PattyMurray.
It has Obama's name on it so Trump will throw it out.
All illegals gotta go! Sorry that's the law! Dems losing voters cause we are deporting as fast as we can! You gotta go too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Look at yourself in your mirror. .how many people have you screwed! !
Not as many as the Asshole-in-chief has by cutting FEMA funds from $50B to less than $7.5B...
Do you mean from the crazy-expensive war in middle east that Bush started based on lies? Senator Obama was at fault, not the liar POTUS?
Lessee, $150B to get back hostages, vs $2T wasted to destabilize region and open door for ISIS; which is worse?
First of all we never got hostages back to still there and second of all it's about time we have a president with balls and killing Isis
Hostages were released: http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/aug/2/report-obama-paid-iran-400-million-ransom-american/ … But nice attempt to avoid facing facts of GOP prez starting the wars that cost us $2T
You are willing to defend illegals over citizens? We "legals" are paying for your illegals & and your are ok with that? Wow! Resign Patty!
This is not about Trump it's about the racist attorney generals and the governors treating to sue the administration.
Yes it would be but he does not care about Americans unless they are white - it's just grotesque and an embarrassment to our country
Sounds kinda like what you and the Dems did by passing the ACA!!
Boo hoo. Cutting uninsured rates in half, covering all pre-existing conditions, no coverage caps. Sounds terrible.
Cut them in half because of a mandate! Really helped the people that had insurance before
So you think everyone who and insurance lost it? More people got it than lost it. Enough to, as I said, cut the rate in half. Big difference
Cut unisnsured rate because of mandate.  Raised the price for everyone who had insurance before.
Coverage that covers more costs more. Better that chemo doesn't make you bankrupt vs paying pennies for insurance that only covers papercuts
ACA had gaps, but not many, and GOP has had no better alternatives despite 7yrs of prep. Pre-ACA was even worse, with lots of bankruptcies
GOP hasn't came up with anything, I agree. But now I have to pay extra to support welfare, because that's exactly what it is.
Agreed.  Please do all you can to see that he is removed from his position.
 Not ever going to happen!
Has his back ever not been turned on hardworking families?
 Yeah, that's why this country pays out 165 billion a year on these hard working family's. Wake up!
way haven't you wrote a bill to help #DefendDACA its time for action not time for talk and criticism don't be late to the party
It's not a political point, Patty. It is law and order.
Yes it would. That is why Americans come first
So the law doesn't matter? What laws can I blatantly not follow? Since you are picking and choosing which laws are ok to follow. #WhichLaws
That's right, only the dumbacrates can do that. You have turned on Americans for at least 8 years. Your time is coming to an end.
Why do these people get more rights than children who are half American!? Children of veterans who are being denied citizenship
But he will
Illegal entry just because the Dem's said something without change of "LAW" now the "LAW" is being enforced where is the political, Illegal.
But her emails!
Who cares about illegals.
So,  turning YOUR back on the LEGALS  who have busted their ass, paid their dues... to  support the illegals???  'Dream-On'
Yes but stronger language would make the point more forcefully.
#DefundDACA
He doesn't care about American families other than the top 2% income bracket. Understand that and Trump's hubris is his driving force!
He's pandering to the racists, which is what he does best. He won't change, you will have to legislate protections for these people. NOW.
When is a law no longer a law? You pass laws by other http://senators.Now  you want to disobey the law? You ARE confused. Pathetic
How would a senator know the definition of hard work?
POTUS isn't turning his back on American workers,Obama did that with job killing regulations for 8yrs.
Patty hopefully your voters will realize you are the mistake.
The Dems turned there backs on working people years ago, that's why Trump won.
It would wouldn't it. ;)
antifa = bernie sanders supporters
you are betraying ameican citizens in favor of illegals
So you support the hardworking ILLEGAL families over our LEGAL, actual U.S. citizen, families for political gain? Our money for OUR citizens
Here I am on Whidbey Island trying to get your support.  You and Jason seem too busy to answer.  A no- brainer! Just do it.SJR5
Why are u turning your back on women by refusing to cosponsor removing the time limit from the Equal Rights Amendment? Explain
ILLEGAL. Say it with me Patti.

But NOT unexpected
Donald Trump IS a mistake!!!
YouJustMightBHypocrite!  Illegal is illegal!Political?R UAfraid2LooseVotes?NowWonderingWhatOath SenatorsTake!
You need to denounce ANTIFA instead of preaching about DACA and illegals.
Why stop now? That's his agenda, right? Proving some arbitrary point 
Beyond being a tactical mistake, it would be morally repugnant and legally inconsistent.
Why must you support illegals. Take care of your state. Not the failed Democratic Party. Priorities please.
More pandering from you, how about you put forth some idea's/proposals that address this w/o political posturing--by you.
Thanks for what being a socialist,self serving, lying, a#s 20 years of during nothing, freeloading of the ppl MONEY
you are D, you do not care about the working class. quit pretending
What the mistake is Senator is voting for Reps. who do nothing.  Trump is a fiqure w/ ideas.  Gutless senators and reps. to blame!!!
DACA is the epitome of legal, hardworking families being bilked by Democrats out of their tax $'s & opportunities.

Shame on you, Murray.
What? Illegal immigrants pay income taxes too, but they can't draw on benefits like social security! They're the ones being bilked!
Oh, we don't care about our Constitution, the Rule of Law and having borders anymore?
Well, the US founders didn't when they invaded Native American lands and illegally claimed it as their own after violating tons of treaties!
Trump don't care.
You turned your back on hard working American citizens and the rule of law for votes. Stop lecturing like you're on high moral ground.
How did Patty undermine the rule of law? Also, as far as moral ground goes, at least she didn't call mexicans rapists! (Unlike the @POTUS)
he's going to do it just to piss ppl off same as the sheriff and the transgender ban. Bc he's evil.
today was the first week back to work (teacher) ran into 2 of my daca grads today. 1 a WSU grad the other UW. I wept
Great schools for free. Thanks tax payers. Now work extra hard and maybe you can send your kids, that are US citizens to college
Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
And voting in people like the neo-Nazi apologist in the white house? No thanks, I'll take Dems over the party of Reagan any day.
Say no to daca, say no to amnesty.
If you're not a native American, your ancestors are illegal immigrants too. Why not have some compassion for your fellow immigrants?
Good thing he never does anything destructive or stupid just for political points...........er, umm, wait.
What do you expect of the man. Work with him. All you seem capable of is criticism and nonsense remarks. Not the image of a US Senator.
This is the same man who pardoned a convicted racist during a natural disaster "for ratings." There's nothing to work with there. He's scum.
Trump is doing great. No worries

What are y'all Senator going to do about him???
It's not about politics, it's about upholding the law. Something you should support.
Slavery was once law too. Legality in no way dictates morality, and kicking a person out of the only country they remember is immoral
I agree, law doesn't dictate morality. However usurping law isn't moral either, and she has a legal obligation.
Usurping an immoral law is certainly a moral act. Opposing our arcane, obtuse and purposefully expensive immigration system is admirable
And you are entitled to your opinion as I am mine.
I'm curious, though: do you believe upholding slavery, if say it were law today, would be a moral and proper act then?
No, and I don't know anyone who believes in that. Not making a moral argument. I do believe in the sovereignty of nations.
But should that sovereignty outweigh common humanity and compassion? Besides, a "nation" is little more than lines on a map and ideas; 1/
Just get rid of DACA and deport all of them
You should be deported with all the other bigots shaming our country.
He already did that with healthcare. This is just a continuation of the same. Disgusting, embarrassing, soulless. GOP owns this.
BIG mistake in so many levels, but he doesn't care.
Which hard working families are you referring to?
Wow. Open that mouth and pure ignorance pours out. What a stupid question. Get an education bigot.
Big Beautiful Door. American Children are dreamers too.
Let's make a door, and then let's nail it open. Free immigration, free citizenship, and freedom from fear of our modern-day Gestapo with ICE
Illegal is illegal!!!
Laws can be changed when laws are wrong bigot
Hrmph. No mistake. Trump is a bigoted narcissist who won't change his stripes. "Political points" is not the motivating factor.
Come on Senator...
Trump is the mistake. Huuuge mistake! Fight with all your might against that fool!!
You have no say.
You political senator sitting out here put your bullshit tweets about how you're not gonna work with our POTUS you got another thing coming
No, YOU have another think coming. Unless thinking hurts your brain too much, which apparently it does.
That's not an original concept: "America First" was the rallying cry of American Nazis in 1930s. But somehow I think you see that as a perk
It isn't political for him it is personal
The point is that you in congress have totally over Convoluted laws in such a way that fucks the American citizen, The party is a dead swamp
Dems are far from perfect, but at least they didn't stand behind a president who refused to condemn Neo-Nazis and called Mexicans rapists
Stop pandering. Do your job. Stand up there and explain to your constituents the reasons why DACA is good for everybody. Pass a damn law!
They're going back.
DACA has little to do with them "going back." It has more to do with them working, paying tax, reporting whereabouts, keeping a clean rcrd.
He's done that already several times over...
But Obama...
Why? You turned your back on #Americans by putting illegal immigrants ahead of our brothers, sisters, aunts uncles mom dads...ur still here
If you're not native American, your ancestors are "illegal" immigrants too, living on stolen or swindled land. So why are you still here?
Well, hey, at least President Pumpkins didn't cut FEMA funds from $50B to <$7.5B!

Oh wait...
What is the real disappointment here Senator is your gutless approach to enforcing the law to get a few more votes from the illegals.
DACA is not a free ride to illegals it was designed to give those brought here as children a chance at a brighter future
Slavery was constitutional for almost a hundred years too. Didn't for one second make slavery a moral or good thing.
Thank u for highlighting this imp issue. Cost to econ/growth of deporting #daca youth wud be so high...convince @realDonaldTrump its about $
Thank you @PattyMurray! This is all about his racist agenda!
Racist. I didn't see BLM in Houston. Just police, fireman, nation guard, and brave people.  Take your race crap and shove it, you know where
Dafuq? BLM is an activist movement, not a rescue org. Do you get mad that pride parade marchers aren't saving people from burning buildings?
Terminating DACA is about racism, xenophobia and playing to his base.
As a Washingtonian, you are such an embarrassment.
You are an embarrassment to humanity.
Trump is a shit show. He only ran for office because Obama insulted him. Everything he's doing is petty revenge. Come on.
The academic study you’ve been citing all day has been widely debunked. There’s no way 17 K are contributing a billion dollars
Lots of luck picking your own fruit and vegetables.
Sorry, you must be unfamiliar with his style of leadership.
...and yet watch him do it, Patty. Guy's a neo-fascist, heartless, 
hollowed out authoritarian. He gets off on it. Black ink in those veins.
If he were fascist you would not have the right to say what you are saying ... you would disappear one night and never be heard from again
What on Earth makes you think that's NOT his eventual goal here?

Nipping fascism in the bud is the best bet. Identify it, and oppose it.
Focus on citizens and LEGAL immigrants Patty, not illegals
What about the adults that brought their children here without legality, they share responsibility for the situation their family is in.
We should make immigration cheaper, easier, and faster. No reason why people now should have a harder time than Ellis Island immigrant waves
Trump IS a mistake. He'll do it.
What part of illegal do you not understand?
Sometimes laws are wrong. And you are a real jerk.
You sold out to Boeing remember, they owe Washington state back taxes in the hundred of millions dollars?...
America was founded on people invading Native lands and killing them. America was literally founded by illegal aliens. Learn your history.
Prove a political point? Or support a racist agenda?

Exactly I was wondering about the all along
Thank you for your service Senator Murray
But history shows this is what he's always done.
#RevengePresidency is not an American Presidency!!
good nite patty
Yes, have a good night, and keep fighting for undocumented rights and Washingtonians tomorrow!
Do this. Get your own country tho
trump doesn't care about #WeThePeople!!!
Calm down your hysteria .. he is helping ... pay attention
No hysteria here...just reality!!! Sure he is helping....the 1%
And what actions prove your point. Accomplishing anything against those resisting him/how would you fare only 8 months in the job/in any job
We could go back and forth for days Brenda!  Tell me 1 promise he has kept. #TheWall, #repeal&replace...all w/ Rs in charge of both houses.
Not to mention Russia!!!!!
He's a pathological liar!!!! Toooooo
And you bring this up because you would prefer Hillary and her track record?
Making a political point is all he's about. If something was started/defended/expanded by Obama, DT wants it destroyed.
Darn Right! #MAGA
