Be honest, Patty. You're afraid Gorsuch won't bend to a liberal agenda. Don't pretend to care about ppl of WA, we see your voting record.
We need a senator who will protect men's rights!
Wait a minute...isn't Supreme Court supposed to be non-partisan? Why are you complaining about his record on partisan issues? #moron
I'm really sorry you made this decision regarding Judge Gorsuch. I am sorry, but I can no longer give you my vote in future elections.
.@PattyMurray No WE need someone on #SCOTUS unlike liberals Kagan, Sotomayor & Ginsburg that will actually uphold our Constitution #Gorsuch
Your kidding right? So you even know workers rights? Do you even know truckers rules and regs? Gtfoh
The job of a SCJ is NOT to protect anyone's rights in particular, but rather apply the US Constitution to his ruling. SC does not MAKE laws!

Haha! Have a great day!
It's all they have..Russia Russia Russia. They have to cover the crimes being exposed somehow I guess. Pretty pathetic.
They better start bearing louder, cuz that train has left the station!
Demand delay on Neil Gorsuch confirmation. Trump under investigation
Why did you vote for him in 2006 ??? Just another political hack hey !! #draintheswamp
Is it true you've taken $12,282 in donations from planned parenthood? Is that the real reason you're against Gorsuch?
Your arguments mean nothing-especially since you voted for Gorsuch in the past.
Dear Patty,

How did that opposition thing against Judge Gorsuch work out?

Any new updates for us?

Any successful tactics you wanna share?
As your voting constituent, I thank you Senator Murray for your thoughtufl, principled and patriotic stance!
He will follow the law , why does that scare so many! Our country is a country of laws not feelings!
not your senator but is mine and I fully support a filibuster @PattyMurray
She's my Senator, and I don't support the filibuster. This is absurd. Sad part is, she knows it. Party over country is all the Dems want.
Yeah, because you don't have rights. Give me a break.
Assad cannot be tolerated!! Please,please forget everything else 
Until Syrian children are safe!
What rights do you think a Supreme Court Justice is going to take away from women? Last time I checked Congress makes the laws that do that.
All these brainless people thanking you....  Judges interpret LAW, they don't make it.  Blame your failed senate for your claims.
Preach on!! Democrats think they're all smart or some shit
Maybe Trump should put a ultra conservative up for supreme court. Dems don't seem to want honest.
I'm incredibly grateful I moved out of WA; you don't stand up for anyone other than the west coast-who cares about Eastern WA voters, right?
That's for sure!
You (PM) voted to put John Roberts (Architect of "Citizens United") to the Supreme Court, I'm still upset you did that...
Shame on you. You know what you say abt Judge Gorsuch is completely false. I'm embarrassed you represent the State of WA.
I support your judgement on this from 98368.
The USA needs someone on SC that follows the letter of the law & constitution. Period! What part of this do U & Dems not understand? @potus
actually Senator, you obviously have your resist head in the sand, he is one of the most honest interpreters of the law.
What we need is more Senators that vote on qualifications rather than by order of the DNC. #confirmgorsuch
What rights do women need that they don't already have? Equal rights
Then how come you were able to count on him in 2006 when you voted for him?  Still no answer from you.
We need you to DOYOURJOB and confirm the BEST choice for SCOTUS. Get off the party fence and reach across the aisle as needed!!
We need someone on SCOTUS to interpret constitution, not go w Dem trends/demands. Vote to confirm him or u will just look silly.
Beautifully stated. Thank you. 94117 --> pacific coast solidarnos.
Women's rights to do what? Kill their babies? You might be right about that.
Just once choose for all of your constituents, not just the female ones.  Start a personal charity.  Hand out abortions and birth control.
We also need term limits and a way to check the power of the SCOTUS
Thank you for holding strong!
@SenateDems #gorsuch He isProbablyNotWorstRepCudComeUpWithButHeMockedWomenTakingMaternity leave2HisClass.He isNoPrize.
Thank you! I'm especially worried about those with disabilities. Even SCOTUS overruled Gorsuch for his unconstitutional ruling on IDEA!
Thank you!
Thanks Senator Murray for your courageous act! Donate and #FlipThe6th I look 4ward to 2018!
Will he protect & defend the Constitution?
Do your homework, Senator.  Judge Gorsuch is more than qualified.  And you voted to confirm him once before.  Nothing has changed.
Filibuster Gorsuch. GOP and McConnell held no hearings on moderate judge Garland. No to extreme Judge Gorsuch. Thank you Senator Murray
We need a president who will lead in the protection of women's rights
How about a judge that's not an activist and follows the constitution. You just want a liberal rubber stamp just like the last two.
Yeah we need that judge like over in Seattle and Hawaii . Who have no idea what danger we're in I don't think they gets security briefings.
Lies...and more lies
Let's go girls!
@SenateDems.  What a disgusting group of people you are.  None of you have any common decency.  A true communist lot.
Dems are proving they don't get it. You think all politics are local. Not with social media. You are insuring Rep dominance of local
Officials.  Dems leaders are leading the party off a cliff except for a few large demographics
There is no reason for judge gorsuch not to be confirmed. Your loosing your hold on our nation and your scared! Investigate them, @POTUS !
Thank you Senator Murray! Gorsuch is a terrible candidate.
Are women's rights the only thing to be concerned about in your world?  Most people are concerned about other things too, probably more so
I must have missed the "women's rights" part of the constitution? Does that come before or after the equal protection clause?
Thank you, Senator @PattyMurray
The Bill of Rights are women rights. Just admit you hate the Constitution because it limits your power.
thank you!
Thank you Senator for supporting the filibuster! It is great to see the Dems have a spine!  We will win this!
Haha, no you won't..and poor old Patty will have to stay up all night filibustering, filibustering. #gorsuch will be SCOTUS
Yes, we can!
Thank you for opposing Judge Gorsuch's SCOTUS nomination.
How much money did #PP donate to your many campaigns Patty?  Just curious.
No you don't. Its not about men or women. Its about making sure the law and Constitution are upheld.
Thank you for taking a firm stand!
ah, let's not get someone who interprets the constitutional aspects. We need a biased judge. #liberlogic
He seems even and fair and bases his decisions on law. Not sure why that is unappealing to anyone.
Thanks. Stand strong. In solidarity from Shelton, WA.
Stop obstructing and start getting work done for American citizens.
Outright lie! I won't even dignify it with how & why it's a lie from a political hack. You guys are all beneath contempt.
The face of ignorance.
Thank you Senator
Thank you Sen. Murray!!!
Using scare tactics to push you view NOT good for my vote next time!!!
His job is to evaluate  laws passed by Congress,  uphold the constitution, and not make laws...
Im sorry,  what rights do you not have??
All that I have seen Judge Gorsuch is qualified for SCOTUS. STOP the anti Trump BS and do the job of best for those who voted for you!
Patty Murray we do not agree with you. It is time for you to be VOTED OUT.
You and your gang are playing right into Trump's hands. Which I'm all for. Keep being dense.
Washington state needs a senator that supports single payer health care. You get to much money from big pharma to be that senator I guess
ThankYou Senator Murray for voting NO on #Gorsuch #SCOTUS. This is indeed hard, stressful times & I thank you for all you do for WA citizens
#TrumprussiaPenceGosuchSessionsgopmustgo #putinspuppet
Thank you for standing up for women's rights! #NoGorsuch
YES!!! He is NOT the right person for us..thankyou!!
Thank you @PattyMurray
Wrong!  We need some on the Supreme Court that upholds the Constitution.  It's clear you won't support such a person or the Constitution
Thank you Senator. We agree. Gorsuch agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies will undermine our basic rights #StopGorsuch
@RepSeanDuffy @SenateMajLdr I agree with Senator Patty Murray...NO ON GORSUCH!!!!
How much courage does it take to murder a helpless defence less baby. Grow up
Thank you Patty! This Washingtonian is behind you 100%
you mean your bank accounts makes u vote against gorsuch planned parenthood must be giving u a lot of money 2 betray the americas trust
You're extremely partisan and don't do what's best for the US.  What have you accomplished this year?  Let me help..Nothing!
@SenateDems we need you to get those fat cheeks looked at #SCOTUS
WRONG! We need someone who will protect the Constitution, that's the role of #SCOTUS.
What rights have women lost? Are they wearing hibabs, no. You tell me anywhere in US where women are denied anything. Abortion is not hcare
Patty, stop lying to us it's embarassing when you go off the cliff with Dems lemmings. How about the unborn babies rights, they feel pain.
#PartisanHack #TermLimits #NuclearOption It's all on you now!  Keep playing partisan games.
We need someone in this seat who will NOT legislate from the bench. Gorsuch is the man!
We need someone on the Supreme Court who will protect the rights of the unborn...ya know, since their own mother's won't.
no wonder most of you have such a low level of approval from the American public.  What a bunch of children!
thank you, Patty!  WOMEN power.  And thanks for fighting against the defunding of Planned Parenthood.
Are you identifying with your woman side today, boy? Or are you supporting her cuz then you wld have no responsibility for unplanned family?
Dems to Solomon, cut the baby in half!
No we need you to stop playing politics and get to work. You're wasting taxpayers $$ & time.Do what you were elected to do or GET OUT!!!
Preferably get out.
@SenateDems Thank you Senator. #Gorsuch sides too often w corps over people, and he's been vague on women's rights.
Gonna SOOOOOO sweet watching Gorsuch get confirmed, and watching you and your ilk cry your bitter liberal tears.
Thank you Senator Murray
Is there any way that you could have any sway over the knuckleheads that want to support Gorsuch to change their misinformed minds?
Where is the Democrat collation? #NoGorsuch
Why do you say Women's Right? What rights has the women loss or not getting?
Shorter @pattymurray: Identity politics first, @SenateDems don't believe in equity for all.
DO YOUR JOB AND PUT HIM TO A VOTE!  #SCOTUS
Thank you for standing up for human rights. Women's rights are human rights.
So are the rights of the unborn.
You fools would support the Pope if trump nominated him. Garland wouldn't have been any better! Work together or get voted out!!!
This Senator is owned by the abortion industrial complex. No matter, you can thank your friend Harry Reid for the nuclear option precedent.
Wrong. We need someone in the supreme court that follows the law not what feels right. Learn the difference.
You and your party are a joke. Your another liberal hack with only partisan and personal motives to govern. Thi is why we need term limits
You won't get voted in next time anyway.
Yeah, but she can do alot of damage to WA State & country in 6 years
I'm more worried/concerned who the pres will put forward...even more to the right w/more rights taken away...if gorsuch isn't confirmed #Sad
That's because you don't follow our constitution ! To bad, so sad!
Where is it written in the constitution re. woman's body/reproductive rights NOWHERE..legislate men's body/repro & let's see argument then
We have one. 

30 million women are missing. They were erased by abortion. Gorsuch very likely will vote against abortion on demand.
I am very concerned about what this filibuster means for the future of SCOTUS nominations. I urge you to reconsider.
If you want the right to kill children start with your own
You've become the party of NO
Thank you Senator Murray. The people of Washington state can always count on you!
We can always depend on her to embarassing the whole state!
Judge Gorsach has not changed @PattyMurray voted for him in 2006. Party Murray is either lying now or playing politics & not fit for job.
RECALL NOW, & while we are at it, RECALL Insley, Ferguson. Oh well from Eastside, and we are not represented!
You are WRONG - The people have spoken in 3 straight elections.  Stop obstructing so country can move on from 8 years of failed government
@SenateDems your despicable
The job of a Scotus is to UPHOLD the laws passed by CONGRESS! Not to protect one group over another. That's what u liberals do.
You're my senator but I'm thankful that you&Cantwell are in the minority. It's not job of judges to pick winners and losers.#confirmgorsuch
#WOMENARE...
#THELIGHTSOFOURLIVES...:)
#GETIT!
#STAYOUTOF
#WOMENSRIGHTS&
#WOMENSWOMBS...
#THATDONT
#BELONG2U:(
#DONALDJTRUMP!
#AMD420CALI!
You can't count on HIM since your ways are way out of line and I finally THANK Harry Reid ( D) for the Nuclear ballot !Conservatives love it
Thank you 4 taking such a strong stand on the matter. We also need someone who will protect rights of special needs kids. I'm behind U 100%
Women's rights? All the liberal protesters out side Ivanka Trump house protesting her. Really. The name calling yourside does.
Thank you for supporting people and human rights over corporations by voting #NoGorsuch Please make another stand and #Fight4Medicare4All
You are right!
What's wrong with @SenatorHeitkamp @Sen_JoeManchin here is exactly why the democrats get schooled. Stand together. Sen Heitkamp shame shame
We need someone who doesn't legislate like obama's college buddy in Hawaii! No more Liberal justices.
#dirtyrice
Thank you for seeing that people matter, children matter and women matter.
actually Anne, it's the law and the constitution that matters. Judges don't make law. Just make sure it's applied
Gorsuch supported torture under W. Most Nazi nominee
Thank you. Women haven been taking a beating in the Republican party for way to long. I guess beating is a bad choice but the abuse is real.
How so?? What rights have women lost under the GOP???
You have got to be kidding. Ledbetter act,  equal pay, decisions regulating women's bodies. 
#TheResistance
Yes!! Thank you!!
You can't count on him because of your bias.  He's the right person @ the right time!  Quit Playing politics
"If It's Law" he stated , He will follow the Law , Also said he will not Legislate From The Bench , 'Thumbs Up' for me ,
No, we need SCOTUS judges who rule on the Law & Constitution, not partisan pet cause de jour.
What women's right do you not have? What women's right have been taken away?
#standstrong Senator!
No one ever expected you to vote for him. We know you've hitched your wagon to the clown train of @SenSchumer 
we need someone to follow constitution not touchy feely crap. democrats interpret things not in constitution but what they want.
Are you Dems proud that the sacrament of abortion is the most important thing to you, along with the money you get from the abortion racket?
Specifically, what protections would be "lost" under justice Gorsuch?
How about someone who will interpret the constitution and all of our laws impartially?  Regardless of the sex, race, or religion involved.
2010 Dems lost the House
2012 Dems lost the Senate
2016 Dems lost the White House
2017 Dems lost ability to reason
It's not Russia, it's YOU
Also republithugs  gerrymandering and voter suppression. ....
Always the Blame Game...Never take responsibility. because it couldn't be the DemocRat agendas 
Blame game? Your false prophet is bringing us to the brink of civil war. I wish you luck deprogramming the propaganda when this is over
Yes, DemocRats always have a reason why it's not their fault for losing. Blame Game. It's violent extremist Left that's separating America
Separation is required at this point. the knuckledraggers are holding us back from a more perfect society #calexit #freethebear #CivilWar2.0
Let me know how that works out. We have police, hard working Americans, and military on our side. You guys have pink pussy hats and Rosie
As a veteran of two wars I can say that me and several of my brothers will happily serve against tyranny. wish you luck in the wars to come
Murray has always been a liberal fruitcake who is less than a woman i have ever known.
he's not there to protect women's rights, he's there to interpret the law as it works with the Constitution
a fact lost on democrats
Main reason: Grouch is a Conservative and YOU are a LIBERAL HYPOCRITE!!!!
The SCOTUS doesn't exist to protect groups "rights," it is there to uphold the Constitution.
I feel very strongly that your a cheap career politician riding on the skirts of hard working women who R sick of women like U!
Thank you, Senator Murray.
Gursuch said he will NOT abolish Roe vs. Wade, even though the Const. says the SCOTUS cannot make laws. Time to tell the truth!
Many grateful thank you's, Senator 
Thank you Senator Murray ! 
You are so WRONG!! Dems have done nothing for women except kill their babies thru abortion.
It's not just women rights it's human rights he won't protect Thank you for being braver then most for standing up for all of us
Wait isnt it YOUR respnsiblty 2 write laws 2 protect women's rights? Suggest reading US Constitution sometime. #smokeandmirrors
I didn't hear any extreme points of view from him during the confirmation hearings. Hobby lobby was a religious freedom case not womens
Thank you!
Rats gnawing away at it again.
