We do not accept trump, an immoral unethical moron, committed treason, violated constitution and CONFLICTS is a mess, Prosecut
Wait, Obama is leaving office.  We now have real hope. We have a legitimate President with real birth cert.
Lets see who is IGNORANT!  Food stamps up, homeownership down, debt up, full time jobs down, OBAMACARE failure
Like I said, you can't argue with stupidity because you will always loose.  
Honey if these FACTS about trump don't open your eyes, you DO need profess help
first I'm not your honey. obviously facts don't affect you. sent government statistics. Look it up if u know how
Who is going to pay for it? You all squandered $10 Trillion in eight years with little to show for it.
There are a minimum of 7 alternate plans to replace ACA, check them out, please
As a Washingtonian- I am so proud you are standing up for us and fighting for us. #ProtectOurCare #priceiswrong  #StopPrice
Interesting that Planned Parenthood name alone is window into this organization. Says nothing about women's health - #Abortion
vote "FOR" for Tom Price
god I hate this self righteous carpetbagger.
Your making up stories Patty Murray. Didn't your mother teach you better than that?
There is no excuse for this man. Please keep fighting. We are protesting and calling and will never give up.
@RepTomPrice hates the ACA/Obamacare. says his goal is to maintain current levels of coverage - can't/won't say how.
YOU LIE about everything! You have zero proof of something that hasn't happened yet but you promote Fear to move your agenda!
Trump describing "benefits" of sex w a troubled teen.
Resist!  and thank you for your efforts
U are so fill of it. Hero Obama and u both lie to the folks.  Folks will be able to choose the tiers they want to purchase.
Keep fighting, Murray!  Use all your energy!  :) #TheRepublicIsOursAgain
That nominee failed miserably...
Thanks for having the foresight to recognize how Tom Price's "plan" for families' health car would sabotage Americans!
Well isnt #TomPrice Another Sweetheart. He will rip your heart right from your chest. No u cant trust Him.
thank you for your stellar grilling Senator Murray
if this is true nobody will ever know because u wouldn't allow him to answer
Healthcare for everybody - but only if you can afford it. Good luck on this one. Keep holding him accountable Sen Murray!!!
Not true! This is a good man that's done great work, but your on going hate blinds you from smart choices. Let's work together
I thought the ACA *MANDATED* everyone buy insurance? Why isn't there 100% coverage?
.@PattyMurray you just provided 3 reasons he should be confirmed, thx
workplace sponsored Healthcare ins. also have out of reach deductibles, it's #corporategreed Remind @GOP of that. Thank you.
Look in the mirror and you will see WHO is UNFIT to lead Americans into the next Generation of healthcare.
Physicians are RUNNING AWAY from WA State because of her healthcare policies creating a healthcare vacuum effect. Good going!
NO 20 MIL Americans insured under ACA, but 12 MIL & 5.5 million are NOT paying premiums, taxpayers are,wealth redistribution
WA has a shortage of primary care physician & she wants yes/no answers about personal investments... impacting 750,000 children
@realDonaldTrump Such a misleading statement. You are a consummate liar, who would mislead for political gain.  So obvious!
The"Mom in Tennis Shoes" has really lost her Mojo.  Stumbling over her words when questioning Price, acting bewildered. Sad
Patty, THAT was certainly indicative of how misinformed you are about healthcare and how fitting is the moniker "Petty Patty."
partisan politics from Patty. Rude! Wish she would help all Americans
He's a tool and needs to go away!

You're disgraceful

#confirmationhearings
Reply to @PattyMurray WA has a shortage of primary care physician & she wants yes/no answers about personal investments, confused?
wow-but in 2013 @NancyPelosi "we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it" & Mr. Price is raked over coals? #ACA
Patty, you are the petty liar for which you are reputed.
no they don't
Repealing Obamacare is great and you're going to jail. You'll hang high, high, for all the pedophilia in Wikileaks. You're dead
You fell flat on your face today during Hearing of Price. Nice attempt to deceive the general public I was embarrassed for you!
- You are awesome, Senator! I'm a fan.
I voted for you and this is the reason why! Keep fighting please!
why twist his words and try to make something out of nothing? You democrats are all the same. Doing theatre in these hearings
you're an embarrassment
Dr. Price just spanked you,
A QUESTION for YOU,Why do you quote"here says"? You said,"someone overheard another say", Seriously?Speak what's correct/true!
It's what we all want to hear... positive, correct & truthful knowledge! NOT ignorance,maybes,might haves or could have said.
Vote NO on his confirmation!
please, stop. You are a one trick pony who makes me embarrassed to be from the other Washington.
VOTE HER OUT!!!
why cant u just work for the people instead of working against congress
what a B
Whose opinion do you think counts?  Let me weigh them for you.  POTUS or VPOTUS
People will NOT lose their coverage. Stop spinning. Btw Price won that line of questioning just now.
the public deserves to view questioning!  7 min. what a joke!
She likes to accuse with no facts, to back it her allegations. She needs to let Price answer. #realDonaldTrump
keep it up. Actual constituents of yours expect you to make it clear out priorities
that questioning of Price was pretty embarrassing. You care more about the Duplicitous Party than Americans.
leave Office now and go back to your cave I don't know how you got elected I've never heard so much nonsense in my life
paid trolls are amusing  Patty keep putting them on blast!
vote yes to defunding sanctuary cities! Vote yes to #kateslaw! Time to do you're jobs! Quit obstructing! @MariaCantwell #MAGA
He didn't even say that. In his words he say "I'm not going to sweep the rug out from the people and leave them WO coverage"
You are a dunce -  yes or no?

grill him on all those stock trades..insider trading.
I say we review Murrays financials, backdoor deals and her #Soros connection.
