@SenateDems yes and that's why you'll lose even more numbers in congress going forward.
No....she is gaining them.
CTR shills... enjoy!
See you watch Fox news lol
this news was intolerable.
@steph93065 @ida_fioretti @PattyMurray @SenateDems Obama had a following, he looked & acted so confident While Selling Out America
all too easily
don't BS, Patty, we know how much you get paid by teachers unions: YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT THE CHILDREN.
but it's all about the kids
suuuuure.
they care so so much about public schools except none of their kids ever attend public school. Crazy!
none at all.
DeVos family donated $927k to Republican Sens this cycle. Dems received 3.8 million from Teachers unions. Guess which one Dems are mad about
NO Patty, you are about protecting your cash-cow...the teachers unions who do not want to reform our schools! So stop lying!
you want to make DeVos richer? Teachers DO NOT SUPPORT DEVOS. She is incompetent .
Of course they don't. Incompetent teachers might lose job. #StopNEA
.@PattyMurray no one's buying this. We all know you're in the pockets of the teachers union. Don't even dare act like you care about kids.
DEVOS bought her nomination. Anyone with common sense knows it.
Is that all U got? I'm sure U can make a great argument 4 keeping failed schools as they are.
failed? You must be thinking of DeVos charter school.for profit no accountability simple mind
You talking about the businesses and cars your people are setting fire to?You have become the party of anarchy,go away!
the red states will suffer but then they voted for T
What can we really do to get her out of that position? I've spent my life in public schools. Help! One vote short.
You same people are fine w/college kids burning down schools and blowing up cars. Don't claim it's about education. 
#DeVos
the very definition of bleeding heart liberal
THANK YOU for your leadership in opposing this and all the other ridiculous appointments.
it's about slavish devotion to criminal and sucky teacher's unions and their money. You suck and, worse, you know it.
Tell us which schools you sent your kids to and why?
You're damned right it's about kids, and we're not letting you leftists destroy their future, anymore. Like it or don't.
unless you are the VP then your vote doesn't matter
Then why do Congressmen send their kids to charter schools and not public schools?
quit trying to send dog whistles. We the PEOPLE ARE FED UP WITH YOUR HATEFUL TYPE!
thank you for your effort to stop the DeVos nomination. Truly appreciated!
it's about money in your pocket from unions
choice is only good for terminating children but not educating them ??
too bad you lost again.
.@PattyMurray no...because YOU get $ from teachers unions.
We may have lost this battle yet we must continue to fight on. Our children deserve better
Progressive ideology 0 Education 1
no it's about protecting teachers unions
It's about pro choice isn't Patty?
you forgot to tell the GOP...unfortunately money is their only god...
#PattyMurry your not convincing at all. Your argument is lacking transparency. It's no secret that the Teachers Union owns you.
To bad that Dems can no longer indoctrinate students into hating themselves and their country.
SECRETARY DeVos to you and your ilk.  The winning continues.  #MAGA
@NaniSloan thanks Patty for your valiant effort.
It's about keeping poor kids out of the private school your kids attend.
Thank you. Keep supporting working families by voting NO on Sessions and Price. Our health and civil rights depend on it.
And what came of it, you useless virtue signalling hag?
Make all schools private, save the country tax money
well, what are you guys going to do now?
I appreciate that you all put up a fight and encourage you to keep it up - especially with Jeff Sessions.
@AUkeibro Shame on Republicans who voted for unqualified #BetsyDeVos just because they could no regard 4 progressive education
Thank you for #NoDeVos efforts. Truly hope this country of good people sends a message to Congress in 2018 for not hearing us.
@AmericanFamAssc @AIIAmericanGirI No proof there is opposition from the public for DeVos; leakers tell us Dems phones off hook!
To bad she was still confirmed. As a Public School teacher for 16 years I am gravely concerned.
noe what?
ESSA shows it was never about kids.  It wasn't about kids under Obama either.  She just continues the legacy.  Be honest!
*....to #GOP #BetsyDeVos is ALL ABOUT $200+BILLIONS for their deep POCKETS!
Billionaires 4 BILLIONAIRES!?
The H**L w/ our Kids.
give me those sheckles 
if Trump wasn't such a douchenozzle he would withdraw her and find a more suitable candidate but he is a pig headed jerk.
It's about packing your pockets with that sweet union money.
Thank you Senator Murray for putting our children first.
thank you!
Or maybe Dems who don't want poor kids in their own kids' schools...
no, it's about the DoE and the NEA being a taxpayer-supported money laundering operation for @TheDemocrats
, thank you for standing up for our kids, schools, & communities! #NoOnDeVos
@wlg_ord remind voters in ND that @SenatorHeitkamp once again SIded  WITH THE #RW TRUMP ENABLERS ! SHE SOLD YOUR KIDS OUT
@debilu2 with all due redpect. Its also about brainwashing & forcing Christo fascist vision on our children.
.  YES it is!
THANK YOU, Maggie Hassan, Elizabeth Warren, & ALL @SenateDems for fighting for what is right for kids & schools!!
By ALL MEANS, let's perpetuate this disaster of public education.  Federal Gov has no business in Ed anyway.
What are you afraid of?  I mean other than the NEA donations to your campaign drying up?
THe average American KNOWS this is BULL SHIT, its about teachers unions!!
it's also about protecting the union that pays you, right Patty?
No, it's about power and how the entrenched teachers' unions are threatened because they suck mightily.
#ConfirmDeVos!
if this was about kids half the tenured teachers in our schools would be gone
Watching you on Senate floor now. Proud to be from WA with you as my rep. Keep it up.
just not the underprivileged kids who are stuck in failing schools w/ no way out.  You're nothing but a union shill.
wrong, this is corruption between the teachers unions & crooked politicians #ComfirmDevos

This is the most frightening thing about this whole charade. Absolutely no senate check on Bannon and crew. https://twitter.com/SenFranken/status/828975579395477504 …
...you misspelled bought and paid for by unions'....#caring
How much does the NEA contribute to your campaign?
We need to catch the same fire against Pruitt, Sessions, Price, and Mnuchin. They are also bad for our country
@WorkingAmerica @CasaFreehold @RitaDentino
Thank you for explaining the root of the problem so eloquently.  #noDevos
If u dont vote FOR Devos, that must make U a racist & don't want the inner city children 2 have the same chances as every1 else
Protests are because that is what Dems do. Nothing for Americs. Just protests and roiting.
no, this is about the unions and nothing more.  Disgusting since Obamas education gang did nothing for our kids, time 4 change.
if you care about kids then you would get the gov't out of education, return it to the states, disband the useless unions...
FAKE Assessment and  FAKE ASSUMPTION. U will see.
@SenateDems lies. It's about protecting your liberal agenda and unions. You're losing control even more.
Curious Senator, how many UNION donated millions have you raked in since this witch hunt against DeVos began?
TIME TO FIRE BUSINESS AS USUAL CONFIRM DEVOS AND RE-CONFIRM OUR COMMITMENT TO OUR KIDS EDUCATION
Not on my watch! Good Job!
across the world! The political mood affects us all.
Republicans want to privatize everything, MI education system has gotten worse thanks to Devos ignore the paid trolls.
teachers unions look out for the economic interests of teachers NOT the educational interests of kids. Same unions who pay you!
phony bullying tactics will catch up to u. Not American way
if only the senate would vett immigrants as much as Betsy DeVos because this is about kids, schools, & communities!
@SenateDems ALL Dems care about is [adults] preserving that damn teachers union NOT students curriculum and kids school choice.
Patty Fights 4 the Teacher Unions while US Students are Last in Science & Math thanks to 8 yrs of OBAMA'S Sec ED!
we support you PATTY!
Education got bad when big gov had to put their fingers in the pie and get their cut. Happens with everything you guys touch.
worried your donations may dry up like your political career soon may?
TELL IT PATTY!
Just be honest. This is about the union. Nothing more.
Let's review...you are pro-choice when you want to kill a kid but not when we want to educate one? 

http://www.prochoiceamerica.org/media/press-releases/2016/pr11092016_pattymurraycongratulatoryrelease.html …
Sunshine. If it was about kids, your party wouldnt be in teachers unions pocket & universities wouldnt need remedial classes
Thank you
It's more than that.  It's Fundamentally American to provide a Quality Public Education for everyone! We know OUR country.
Don't spend your 100k in Union donations in one place, Pat.
Anyone who shills for leftist unions ruining American education has no soul.
-Give us a name/names of just who you think is qualified.
this is going to be the best 8 years ever
It's actually all about the fact she has no experience and bought her appointment.
that's right! It's about the kids NOT YOUR POCKET OR UNION! Disgraceful dems!
AND WE WILL GET YOU OUT OF OFFICE . COUNT ON IT.
The teachers unions have opposed school choice & charter schools for decades.Time to put education back in the hands of parents.@PattyMurray
THERE IS NO OPPOSITION. BETSY DEVOS IS FABULOUS AND WILL BE CONFIRMED THROUGH ALL OF YOU. YOU TAKE BRIBES FROM TEACHERS UNION,
yey! @BetsyDeVos  will be confirmed! Finally my children will have a choice and a much better education!!
You want all children to die in abortion clinics but you won't let parents choose what schools they go to when they survive? @PattyMurray
WELL SAID!!!
why do you hate children so much that you won't allow their parents to choose what school they can go to?
says the house cracka?
it's about teacher unions lining your pockets and making you Dem puppets dance
Thank you! Please encourage your honorable colleagues to vote NO on Betsy DeVos, thank you.
are your sure it isn't the $100K you've received from the teachers unions that it's about? #LetParentsChoose
Everyone is on to you and your UNION ties. Give it up or expect to lose your next election. #YesOnDeVos #MAGA
Extortionist. But the money is cut off now. #DeVosvote Yes.
You R wrong! Time for public Ed to get a makeover, 4 families to have a #Choice it is the American way, ya know! #ConfirmDeVos
Obama spent billions 2 improve education but failed. If U were truly concerned about kids, U would admit your side has failed.
So how much money has the teachers union given you?  You aren't principled enough to have made this decision on your own.
.@PattyMurray How droll. Current education policies have produced failing public schools. Time for change and new eyes is it not?
If it were about kids and schools you'd confirm her.
Interesting that in telling us what "this is about" you make no mention of parents' rights over their children's education.
simple DEVOS is NOT qualified.
I'm sorry, but exactly what "qualification" does a parent require to choose where their children go to school? @PattyMurray
DEVOS is NOT qualified . No accountabilty for schools is.dangerous.Michigan proves it . she bought her nomination
You speak as if there has been accountability for schools all this time. There hasn't. DeVos isn't to blame. @PattyMurray
how is she qualified? Because she inherited $ its all she's got. No dealing w the public school system that works
Again, I ask you, what does qualifications have to do with parents choosing where their children go to school? @PattyMurray
they have the choice now.
Yes Democrats don't care about kids as is shown by abortion. Dems are about absolute control for absolute power. Screw everyone
The Teachers Union protects the jobs of shit teachers. Period.
My daughter was physically assaulted several times in public school where the teachers would really around the perpetrator. It was sick.
rally
Horeshit. My daughter couldn't get an education until I got her in a charter school. She was harassed in the public school.
Thank you for your steadfastness & dedication to our education system. Give 'em hell Patty!
seriously? How much the union pay you to tweet this?
<- unions over children
HAAA! This about teachers unions lining your pocket! We are voting you OUT of the Senate!
not really.
amazing. I've kids and don't want YOU and ur ideology nowhere near them but yet, here you are. Go away
For you it's all about control and $$$. Keeping children chained to the unions and the failing schools and no choices.
Or a push by teacher's unions & their Liberal supporters ?  More bureaucratic waste being pushed into education by Dems.
No, it's not about kids, schools, & communities. It's about union money for your endless campaigns.
the teacher's unions must be paying you a LOT to oppose an otherwise qualified nominee. Enjoy your new yacht.
we need a new path, what's in place now has failed our children.
she is exactly what this country needs!!!!!!

thank you for standing up for our kids!!!!!
Thank you Senator @PattyMurray  America's schools deserve the most qualified leader not the best financial donor to a party     #NoDevos
Teachers union paid her for that tweet!
We in Indivisible WA are watching #NoOnDeVos. Can you live stream? Or give us any live info?? Thanks!
please NO to betsy devos #NoonDeVos
thank you
fight like hell!!!
So now start putting the pressure on your Republican colleagues. We can't do your job for you all the time.
@SenateDems thank you!!!!
maybe u can explain why u vote for 4 of Trumps noms? 
Kelly
Chao
Haley
Mattis
This issue is about our kids. Cuts across party lines.
Way to go!

@Melody_Chicago listened to you speak. Thank you for supporting our children and voting NO on DeVos
@SenateDems Thank you for standing up for our children and public schools! You are making us proud!
THANK YOU SENATOR MURRAY!!!
@AFLCIO BALONEY! It's caught fire Only w/& among fellow leftist hypocrites & shrill Marxists trying 2 hold on to purse strings!
@AFLCIO  Thank you Patty for standing up for what is right and for us, your constituents.
the repubs r using old trick; a cpl oppose to make thug party seem to have some rebels. not enuff to block. next nom also cpl.
@SenateDems love and support from Seattle thank you
If only you had a say in the matter.
.@PattyMurray I fear that for many members of the GOP, they don’t matter at all.
Thank you. Stand strong. Keep Fighting. #resist #NoOnDeVos
Phoned GOP Senators seeking their alliance 4 strong workforce n global market Competition begins w our kids' quality education
Agreed No No to DeVos
thank you for thinking of our country's future!
How well have the gravy train bureaucrats done with the public schools for the past 50 years?
This is about teacher union power (with other dying union affiliates) and you know it.
Done what I could but Thune, and Rounds won't budge.  True party men! Sad Democrats have no representation in SD!
Same old crap talk, same old crappy results.  You have failed.  Step aside.
Thank you for fighting for your constituents. Battles will be difficult while Repukes in power. ALL need 2 vote them OUT in2018
I'm so proud that I voted for you.
thank you senator!
thank you, No on DeVos!
Sorry, liar. We've been clued in to your game for a long time, thanks to one honest person:
thank you!! Public schools are the foundation of our society!
@IndivisEurekaSp 

Is there not one more R you can make a deal with to help our kids????
Thank you!
it's slso about stopping t-Rump.
