McMaster is both saying they will look into the leaks a day after calling the stories "false." That answer has changed.
Get our country back
These false narratives, the MSM, & politicians like you create chaos - the American people r smarter than u think.  Sorry if u r confused.
@maggieNYT Hey Patty's Staff, Ask Patty who #SethRich is? I see Seth Rich trend. Was he the Wikileak DNC source, now dead?
funny how you have remained silent on dem corruption and primary rigging.
I suspect AJ is right... #SmokenMirrors to distract from #SethRich investigation. The created confusion is from Globalists
@LindseyGrahamSC @McConnellPress ignoring #Potus supports his competency & GOP commitment. Stand up for something or fall for everything!
Ur creating fear & spreading hate. What's ur point?
@LawrenceBJones3  @PattyMurray   chaos and confusion.  Who is to blame?
The American people know the truth. We want this national Embarrassment removed from office. 98125 resident.
MSM is creating the confusion and chaos with their lies and propaganda, Patty
And you are spreading hysteria, and adhering blindly to Democrats' scary socialist propaganda.
You're absolutely correct. The American people just want the truth!
It was conspired by the head Democrats.
As your constituent, I beg you to shut down the Senate until an independent commission investigates his Russia ties!
9 months and nothing. Lol.
The sky is falling. You need a safe space or maybe a job?
Is Fox News your only source for info?
@PattyMurray has been a disaster for 20 years. The people of WA have a lot to answer for.
Not "just" truth -- we want prosecution for obstruction of justice and treason. Otherwise the U.S. constitution is a joke.
Leftist media is blowing everything out of proportion.
HRC campaign put this Russian story out to make excuses for failure.PU by MSM to push & denigrate the President.Your Party can't accept loss
We want the truth and a #newpresident. One who isn't #traitortrump 
Whether or not you learn L or R , trafficking with a foreign power aka Russia is scary. Destabilize US democracy in full effect.
The truth is out there and it will be revealed. Unfortunately it will not be to your advantage. But keep trying
Democrats need to stop leaking and jeopardizing peoples lives
Yes, please.  The "truth" which now seems like a lost resource that will only be found once Trump is found unfit for duty.
Hilary had a private server with 100's of classified emails and not a word from you. Now you support fake news article? #chickenlittlemurray
American folks want the truth? Then you should keep quiet, won't get it from you. Partisan, pandering narrative all you got? Get to work...
The truth is you and your democrat colleagues are liars and socialist. That's the truth
Stay strong!!  Encourage the Impeachment!
What are you going to do about it?
He is in complete denial.
Start the impeachment process. Now! We, the people, rely on you represent us. We want impeachment! You have plenty to choose from!
We want truth and an end to this chaos. Russia has influenced our process creating this turmoil.And Trump is the perfect dupe. He. MUST. GO.
Call to impeach. Take action. We are done with words.
The media is out to destroy the potus and will stop at nothing. They make stuff up report it then report the reaction to it. Madness!
Wasted time. Psychological torture for our President. He's doing a fine job but the vultures circle by the second. Clinton trafficked emails
Dear Patty's Staff, YOU are doing Russia's work for them! Look at this thread and the hysteria you stoke. #termlimits
I am opposed to legislating as usual until our country is safe from Russia and those who colluded. First step, Get rid of POTUS!
... But her emails.... But abortion.... But Benghazi.... Unbelievable.
Actually Patty, what we want is single payer healthcare, repaired infrastructure, no more war, & for the Dems to STFU about Russia already!
We know the truth - we want an impeachment!
Get us an independent investigator!
And what have you been creating for the past +20 years?!!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!

GO POLITIC PATTY GO...YOU PIIMPS ARE CALLING #SOROS #unions
Therefore #WAPO is telling the truth? Are you depending on them for your info? Oh, why should I ask that, you are a #Democrat!
last 8 yrs if our lives were lived in lies, lies &  more lies with @BarackObama & Dems. Finally free from it.  behaving like Feral Animals.
We'd also like a different president. Please, thanks.
No trips to Israel, SA or Vatican! If Trump is functioning as a "courier" of secrets, we are all in danger. All he cares about is $.
If the GOP doesn't act in response to their leader's treasonous behaviours it is an abrogation of their oath & responsibility.
The leaker is a democratic taking orders from the DNC, they will go to jail. Patty do you know who it is? Are u involved
#TDS #HYPOCRITES
Impeach    It's the ONLY way you will get answers from him.  DO IT.  It's not getting any better!
Stop sounding the alarm and just put out the fire. Congress is the defense against criminal presidents.
No Patty you and your Democratic party and the Intel Community has issued a coup d'etat on President Trump. You are feeding lies.
Seth Richards murder was because he leaked emails to WikiLeaks. Will not be able to link Hillary directly but she made the call...
The Intel you are getting Patty is corrupted. You are being played a fool or you are corrupt.
The Democrats are attempting to overthrow this government. That is the truth.
@realDonaldTrump confirmed he told the Russians classified intel this  morning in his twitter tantrum. At what point does Congress wake up?
Selling your soul has consequences. Sad is destruction of USA, Patriots & Allies by illegitimate, incompetent & dangerous WH. GOP Congress?
If the GOP doesn't act in response to their leader's treasonous behaviours it is an abrogation of their oath & responsibility.
SHOULD be an easy answer to "who" leaked the info: WHO was in the room with Don? I know it wasn't the Americans!
McMaster seems to see Trump's off-topic off-msg braggadocio as a feature! Leaking on-the-fly w/no thought or prep ok with him. #TrumpRussia
There was no breach. Source i.d.? No. Care if it's accurate, no. An Oval office conversation, yes. Can this man do his job 4 ONE DAY vipers?
GOP Congress abdicating themselves of Executive Oversight responsibility are putting Americans in grave danger. Coup? Constitutional Crisis
If the GOP doesn't act in response to their leader's treasonous behaviours it is an abrogation of their oath & responsibility @SpeakerRyan
