Thanks. Keep fighting for us
Better get your butt in gear and start getting Democrats Elected to the emery seats
Stop calling it Trumpcare, please. It's the AHCA and we aren't the tea party movement...
After reading that So called medical reform bill What A freaking joke ! As Females we must Stand up against this.
What do you have to replace Obamacare? That's what I thought, nothing but hot air!
Thank you! There are many fighting alongside you. #resist
Lead by example then. stop taking money from big pharma. Stop voting against bills for cheaper medicine support single payer.
How about you actually do something other than fight the opposing party? You were elected to get things done, not act like a child.
Thank you for putting in work for us
But did nothing as obamacare took doctors away and raised premiums to unaffordable levels, that was okay write a bill for term limits
@TheDemocrats forced "Unaffordable" Obama Care down Americans throats, Democrats & only Democrats are to blame for the "Failure" Obama Care!
Stop "Obstructing" the @GOP efforts to replace Obama Care with something that works and that is actually affordable!!
I really believe that taking a trip to Washington DC and talking to the president would help in getting your thoughts through. It's your job
Thank you @PattyMurray! I know ur fighting for MILLIONS but ur also fighting for my son! So grateful to you & @SenateDems 4 #holdthefloor!
Retire, Patty.
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
Thank you for holding the floor.
So, @PattyMurray do you support Single Payer health care?  NOW is the time to push for for H.R. 676
Thank you for your hard work, I sure hope things turn around or were all in deep shit. @POTUS  isn't playing with a full deck.
When it came to O'Kenyan care, CRICKETS!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hope you are ready to man the barricades because it will take such acts to win the fight!
Wish you would have fought that hard when it came to Obamacare. Now it is failing, and you are fighting for a legacy rather than us.
So when are you going to fight for single-payer, the only viable alternative?
Thank You Senator for standing up for the American People and the People of WA. You are appreciated.
Please, do what you can to support pres. Trump, he needs all of congress to make America great again!
Thank you for standing up for Washingtonians and for all Americans.  Proud you're my Senator.  #HoldTheFloor
How about saving Walla Walla General Hospital that Obamacare ruined.  Its closing July 24.
We are your standing behind you Sen. Murray. Keep fighting for America
Also I believe that the words fighting that you always use you don't need to do that you're not fighting anybody just get your point across.
Thank you. My sister who is currently getting her care via the ACA thanks you too!
Why didn't you do this for Obamacare? We deserved an open process back then too!
Thank you and your fellow Democrats for what you are doing
If only that was what you fight for
Keep it up!
Thank you!
As a constituent, I support your efforts. Thank you!
what few details are available about this bill all point to the same thing:  the bill is awful, possibly even worse than the House bill.
Like Republicans did with Obamacare.
No thanks. This constituent is tired of ur lies & bullying. 
As a WA resident, thank you!
Are you referring to #BigPharma & related donor interests or ppl getting screwed by them?
Thank you @PattyMurray . Keep fighting for us! #Healthcare #HoldTheFloor
.@SenatorCantwell - thank you, Senators. Please continue fighting for us & country. #HoldTheFloor #Healthcare #resist
Yet, you refused Americans the chance buy cheaper prescription drugs...TWICE!
Well that's darn good of ya.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Murray! Proud you represent WA! #HoldTheFloor

Yes, Patty, why are they keeping it so secret? Because they know Americans would hate it as much as the house version!! You are right.
You go Senator! You're making Washingtonians proud!
Thank you! Please stand strong and don't allow your caucus to compromise on something awful in the name of phony bipartisanship!
Thank you Sen Murray
I hope by "fighting" you mean obstructing/slowing the GOP, getting their hateful bill and it's full costs out in front of the public.
@hochee4 Do everything in your power Senator.
Thanks
And We the People are going to fight for the representatives who ensure quality healthcare for ALL of US. #ActionSpeaksLouder
#GiveEmHealth
Thank you, Patty!
Where the hell were you when Obamacare was the issue?
Single-payer now!  Washingtonians are watching.
 Thank you Sen Murray 
Thank you, Senator!
Then why'd you vote against an amendment that would've made RXs cheaper? I'm sure the $ from big pharma had nothing to do w/ it. #boughtoff
Instead of your resistance ideology why don't act like adult professionals and work together. Wow there is novel concept.
As a Washingtonian I am proud to have you there! Keep up the fight! #HoldTheFloor
Thank you for all you've done so far and I know will continue to do in this fight. I am so happy and proud that you are my Senator.
Thank you!!
How?
Thank you for everything you're doing! So glad you represent my state!
Thank you!!
Obstructionist!! Obamacare is proof you Dems don't give a damn about Americans!
Thank you!  Contacted my (red) state Senators today!
Thank you for fighting this.  Grind the Senate to a halt if you have to.
I'm an RN at a rural hosp in Ok Co. Also have pre-ex cond. This bill will be devastating for patients and med. professionals alike.
Thank you! We stand with you in this fight! #resist #resist #resist
You rock, Patty! Thank you for actually listening to your constituents.
Our futures are in Dems hands !
Thank you senator! Washington state is behind you!
Ojalá que todos los senadores fueran progresistas
Thanks so much! We are with you!
THANK YOU!!!
Senator I've supported you since you began and believe you do all you can for all Americans without a voice. Thank you for your service!
Thank you @PattyMurray  #HoldTheFloor #Healthcare
THANK YOU for standing strong @PattyMurray! I'm a constituent & behind you & @SenatorCantwell all the way. To the mattresses! Fight on!
Then fight for single payer. Fight big pharma. Fight the health insurance industry. We need to fight back. Resistance is not enough.
Thank you.
