as a teacher, my colleagues from left to right completely oppose her!  Please do not approve her nomination!!!
But will she run day care centers like you said bin Laden did? How did you get this job?
Please stay committed to opposing this nominee.
Thank you for your help in deposing her appointment.
I live in Lacey, WA and we like Betsy DeVos.  Get over your political BS!!
Got it. So you're pro-choice, but not when it comes to the education of America's children.
Talk to anyone in MI about Betsy, She has completely trashed their schools.
Dems have run the education bureaucracy  for decades. It's put us behind Most every dev nation
Shut her out!
Let's see: BA in PE, WA D Sen. for 24 yrs & apparently NO sponsored legislation at ALL. I'm impressed, aren't you? lol #MAGA
this is what a teenager from her own state has to say about capabilities for Sec of Ed
@thatcaseyquin : but didn't you vote down B.Sanders  medication bill and receive monies from. #BigPharma?
Which 3 GOP Senators are you going to convince to VOTE NO with you on #DeVos and all #CabinetNominees? #WeNeedThreeGOP
as a 34yr career Public School Teacher and School Psychologist, thank you. #BetsyDeVos is unfit for for Sec. of Ed.
.@PattyMurray Like you would not betray your BigPharma donors and support Bernie Sanders and Amy Klobuchar's import Rx amendment.
Her comments challenge HELP's progress 4 students w disabilities (said the TN mom w a pending fed IDEA suit)
Funding for public schools should be provided by the states. To defray costs, illegal aliens should have to pay to educate their offspring!
Very disturbing. Thank you for doing your due diligence and working to protect #publiceducation. #EducationSecretary #edchat
please oppose her nomination.
#Liberal #DEMS are #Fascist & USE SCHOOLS to BRAINWASH the kids ... that's why they're so against #BetsDeVosy & #SchoolCHoice
Thank you for asking this question. I referenced it when I called Senators to ask them to block #BetsyDeVos!

.@PattyMurray Everything that can improve education should be on the table, even vouchers 4 private schools. Support learning not teachers.
DeVos is not qualified period. Her political contributions to @RealDonaldTrump @GOP lead to this nomination.
Thank  you, Sen. Murray, for pressing DeVos. Clearly she has something to hide.
Thank you for caring about the public.
Not okay. Public education needs and advocate not someone to sell them out to private schools and charter schools.
Without education u become a slave to those who have it.
@thatcaseyquin what about your inner city schools? How are they doing?
#BetsyDeVos  has to Go
 Are you Folks joking here. Whats wrong with you. SHES TOTALLY WRONG & UNQUALIFIED.
I don't believe she even knew what IDEA is. Maybe she's pro ACA and against Obama care, too!
@CoolCatsAndFire @thinkprogress who is going to file the first separation of church & state lawsuit? #notmypresident
Great, start over.  Betsy Devos will make a great Sec. of Education.
We will be watching for your vote against DeVos.
Trump Won Libtards lost. Get over it.
She is so unqualified to be Sec of Ed. No knowledge of IDEA, an important law that is more than 40 yrs old, 1975
Translation: Union teachers just may have to actually start teaching.
Stop her. Stop her. Stop her.
DeVos smile is a tell, part of the dancing around a question
I fear for my children's future in the education realm AND my job as a teacher if she is confirmed . Thanks for fighting !
So?
#BetsyDeVos scares me! I live in WA and my kids are receiving an excellent education in public schools. Don't let her mess w/it
Please vote NO to DeVos!!
I would support DeVos if she makes "The Emperor's New Clothes" required reading in our schools.
Where there is waste in ANY aspect of government then that waste needs to be cut.  Good for Betsy!
so what? Will u vote for her. Will you attend the inauguration. Think progress is all you do
No more funding for public education. Right. You are a sick woman.
She is too arrogant for words.
help!
I hope you and others can see right through these people.  Everyone of them are a danger to this country
Embarrassed as one of your constituents by your questions to #BetsyDeVos
Devos cannot make decisions based on experience.  Hers would be opinions only. Not informed enough for job.
a most unqualified candidate
DeVos is a joke. Thank you Senator!
did she divest? Hand in ethics info? She's a nightmare for the entire field of education. Clueless as well.
Keep asking these important questions. Thx Senator
CharSch issue in AZ. Kids w behaviors bounce fr school2school. Parents pull out & go to another rather than work w teachers.
#BetsyDeVos doesn't support & believe in IDEA>she's immediately disqualified! #Inclusion4ALL #IDEA I was fuming.
Thank YOU 4 the TOUGH Questioning of these UNQUALIFIED noms!! Doing a GREAT Job on our behalf
Anyone can open up a school-for-profit even PuffDaddy aka charter school @mollyesque @dgibber123 @elianayjohnson @chucktodd
then don't let her be confirmed!
why not try "cautiously optimistic"?
She would do well to read the writings of Thomas Jefferson and John Adams on public education and funding.
As a #WAStateVoter, I ask you to #VoteNO on All Trump Appointees. DO NOT validate this #IlligitimateWHOccupant.
If Senate confirms a woman who works to destroy public education, the Senate destroys our democracy's ability to self-govern.
thank you! Keep up the good fight.
oh to live in a world were there was love, kindness, and to learn to get a long to open up and learn new ideas
Thank You for asking the tough questions to these ineligible candidates.
#BetsyDeVos didn't understand IDEA. Very concerning. Please oppose her nomination.
Warren wouldn't let the woman speak! How tolerant and stately.
Because she kept skirting the questions. She gave basically the same answer to every question.
Thank you, we need to fight for our children and our lives!
This is the worst cabinet pick of all I have seen thus far. A whole generation of Americans will be destroyed by this woman.
This is a travesty! Her inability to stand for ALL students was made very clear. We must #OpposeDeVos
Thank you for pressing her and trying to get answers?  When will the vote be?
Thank you, Senator Murray, for being persistent and direct with these wholly unqualified nominees.
#RESISTANCE!
