If Judge Gorsuch can’t get 60 votes, Republicans shouldn’t change the rules, they should change the nominee. http://bit.ly/2nvIlDW  #SCOTUS
hopefully all your brothers and sisters follow your lead
thank you
baby rattle and start acting like a Senator instead of a waste of skin. You had better look after RBG and Breyer because nuke
From this lifelong Washingtonian, now exiled to a red state -- thank you!
is there ANY nominee by the Trump admin you WOULD confirm? I bet not. You're a partisan hack. So glad not to be a libtard...
disappointed once again
I think he should be confirmed he keeps the balance 4 libs 4 conserv 1 moderate. Be better than R's were
thank you for your leadership and for standing up for our democracy.
of course you would be, cuz he's about the law and not creating our writing the law from the bench. Shame on you
it would make you look less pathetic and hopefully make Chuckie cry.
option is coming and next SCOTUS will be the winner. I'll order a backbone for you so you can stand up and vote for Gorsuch
Too bad can't change out Senators and replace far left whack jobs like you. Gorsuch is more than qualified, slammed all you
You voted to confirm him to federal appellate court.  Sorry to see extreme partisan politics change your vote.
political  MUCH! Facts instead of Feelings people. Try it, it works much better. Nom. Gorsuch.
@gfuenteswalker thank you Senator Murray #standup
why will you vote no?
YES! GO Girl
You, madame, are a disgrace to our state and the office.
You are accusing the Republicans of doing what you've been doing for the last eight years. Double standard!
Name a reason youre voting against him, other than political games? Too qualified? Reads the laws as written? No liberal bias?
Very proud of my Senator.
thank you!
on what grounds ?
Well I will not vote for you again.  As well as many members of my family and co-workers.
killing it PM thank you
thank you Patty. Your state is fully behind you!
filibuster
dopey Dems who tried to take him on in the hearings. Time to pull up your big girl pants, take out your pacifier, put down your
Thank you Senator!! #StopGorsuch
Thank you... stand your ground until mid terms!
Why did you vote to confirm this same Judge before?  How has he changed?  Or have you changed?
I know many of us would appreciate hearing for certain Senator Cantwell is in complete alignment with this determination
Thank you!! Even though I can't vote I'm happy you speak for me
Thank you!
obstructionist
I 100% support you, The filibuster option, and a no vote. Thank you for all you do. #Resist
thank you!
why oppose now when most Dems loved him just a few years ago?
You're a partisan hack. He is as good of a conservative judge as you could hope for.
Why? He is a good man! Are you afraid your bribes and payoffs are going to stop! You are useless!
After read this tweet I will voting against Patty Murray
thank you! #ConfirmGarland
Thank you! I'm appalled by his record of disregarding the rights of the disabled.
as a lifelong democrate i am firm in the believe that would be a mistake, only to destroy future opportunities!
thank you for standing up for the American people! Thank you letting us know that logic and reason still exists today!
THANK YOU!!!
No kidding? Shocking!
why?
please filibuster Gorsuch. Unsheathe every weapon you have!
appears to oppose Gorsuch more to bolster her re-election bid as opposed to doing what's right for all her constituents.
You go girl !!!
why???
you do nothing that help advance the will of the people
thank you!!
@TexDem16 thank you, Senator
Thank you Senator  Murray for being our voice in DC.
good luck . You have my support.
Thank you. I for one will be glad to see McConnell have to bloody his hands. Dems have nothing to lose.
why oppose someone who upholds the constitution and withhold his personal agenda and views when ruling? #SCOTUS
Do it vote him down!
thank you from 98922!  #resist
well any thing you can do to help ! Why get along
.@PattyMurray Thank you! Please keep fighting for a legit govt & not for this admin's circus!
thank you! I hope enough of your colleagues make the same wise choice.
Hey, if he's such a terrible choice, why did you vote to confirm him to the federal bench in 2006?
all they know is ostruction, does not matter, they are always right. Lemming off a cliff
whatever it takes. Shut that nomination down. Thank you!
Thank you.
Washington state leading again. Good work, senator.
thank you for standing up for what is right
So?
Thank you. Nice 2b able to count on you
Thank you, Senator!  You continue to fight the good fight.
You go, Murray!
I'm so happy you're my senator. I went from Rubio to you and it's night and day.
Get in there and fight this as if your life depends on it!
Yes! Cabinet and Supreme Court noms should hold for an indpt. committee to investigate Russian influence.
way to cry when you cant get your way and hold up our democracy. Best thing you could do for your state and the USA is resign.
Glad to hear it!
thank you!
thank you!!
Thank you Senator Murray!  Keep fighting - we are with you!
You are FIERCE! Continue to fight the right fight!
Thank you!
thank you Senator Murray
what the GOP did last year to Obama'a nominee was wrong.  And now you look like a child for doing the same thing.
Thank You! Filibuster 4 yrs!
Thank you
Thank You!
I think it's a mistake filibustering NG who's no worse than Scalia Y it merely maintains current balance. Save it. jmo Thanks!
Thank You 
thank you!
Thank you! We cannot let Gorsuch through given Garland having been robbed of even a hearing. Right decision. Thank you again.
because you are bias and not interested in doing what is right for the Country
I'm with you. Thanks for your leadership in the Senate. It is MUCH needed.
thank you for opposing the nomination and being a voice for your constituents!
thankful for you, Senator!
Thank you Senator Murray from SE  corner of Wa. State.
thank you for standing with  your constituents on this matter.  We support you.
It's time for you to resign. He's going to be confirmed and there is nothing you can do about it. #Nuclearoption
seems to me that Gorsuch is highly qualified. So your "no" is purely political. Signed a constituent.
Thank you!
yay!  Thank you!!!
What do you oppose in Gorsuch?
thank you for being a true representative of the people who voted for you!
Thank you!
Thank you for being fierce and strong! 98107 #indivisible #StopGorsuch #resist
THIS is why I keep voting for you!
Thank you!!!
Wow, you are two faced, in 2005 YOU APPROVED HIS NOMINATION! Why the sudden change...OH...POLITICS...shame on you ma'am
why?
thank you!
thank you senator. So proud of my states leaders
shame what a very big shame
Thank you, @PattyMurray. I'm proud to be represented by you.
Thank you!! Could you talk some sense into @senrobportman ?
yes thank you!
thank you!
.@PattyMurray What changed since 2006 when you & everyone else voted to confirm Gorsuch to his current appointment?
thank you
Thank you!  Proud of my senator!
This Washingtonian thanks you for your leadership!!!
THANK YOU SO MUCH PATTY. HE WOULD DEF BE A DANGER TO SCOTUS.
stay strong senator!
Its really the right thing to do, given Garland.
by not even considering Garland demonstrates to these corrupt men that by having a fit they get their way. Changing rules now.
thank you
Your ONLY concern is that women can continue to kill their children. What a great legacy, Patty Murray.
so what is so wrong with Gorsuch?  Sound like he has been passing with flying colors.  Oh, he was nominated by Trump. I get it.
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch.
thank you!
Thank you, Senator Murray!
yes! Thank you so much
Is this spite?
Thank you Senator Murray!!!  Proud to have voted for you!
Yes but can we get 3 republicans to oppose a cloture motion. otherwise they go nuclear
Thank you!
Thank you, @PattyMurray
Thank you! We are with you.
Thank You!
thank you!
@MKlave thank you!
couldn't expect more from you
ya we know, your a party not a senator.
why? His a smart man.
Thank you Senator!!
thank you!! 99205 wholeheartedly thanks you!
#Obstructionist
great, also: NAACP Releases Comprehensive Report on the Civil Rights Record of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch http://bit.ly/2neRAsq 
thank you!!
- Thank you my fierce Senator! So proud of your leadership and tenacity on all fronts. Cheers from 98125.
Thank you, Patty! You're an awesome senator for #WA.
Thank you!
YES!!!! Thank you! I stand with you #StopGorsuch
you democrats have made yourselves look like petulant children through this whole process. Grow up, Petty
thank you Senator Murray!
Thank you!
Thank you for your leadership. Take note, @SenatorCantwell. We expect you to be next. #NoSCOTUSforTrump
We can always count on you, Patty!
Thank you Senator Murray!!
Patty then you are a total fool.
