The Commie-care you want is worse, Trumpcare is socialist light. No thanks to either.
I know it's been said to death, but nearly every major govt in the world provides Healthcare except the U.S. & China
You want your brain tumor removed in Cuba?  Good luck with that.
I believe you misinterpreted, my thought is we should have true Universal Health Care HERE.
Well Karl, I guess we disagree on that point...
and that's fair. It's a free country.
For now, my friend, for now - just keep eyeballing all these elected weasels.
Stop whining and work bi-partisan to build a better health care bill. Trumpcare? Really? Grow up and do your job! #TermLimits
Its always about the money with this president. And not in our pockets either.Obama tried to help us out with ACA .
You say a lot but no details as to why you think what you claim. Where's the proof and did you read Obama care before approving
@SenateDems 
All LIE'S! We shall all have health insurance! Our PRESIDENT  Doesn't lie ! Obama LIED!  You  scare Old folks !
you're totally ignorant and uneducated
They did not listen & it will cost them their jobs. We will vote for change.
funny, Republicans said the same damn thing about ACA but yet, her you are claiming the same shit from Trump? Gtfoh
@WADemocracy so do something about it , use amendments and ear marks
they already do so I don't know what you think is going to change. Obamacare let him make millions probably billions
murray's a fool just like Inslee.
@SenateDems That's when I cancel my supplement ins. Use the ER like the rest. It's too high now
true
Wait... did you really say "read the bill"? #Trumpcare
you need to be put on Obama care. You passed it you need to be put on it and pay for it yourselves no exemptions for you.
It hasn't been signed into law. You are my Senator, don't like it, put in an amendment. Do you really think that we think Tcare exists? Wow
They don't care about Americans they care about their greed!
they still beholden to the many campaign funds and lobbyists. we need to break that cycle.
And like school vouchers,  tax credits won't actually cover cost of premiums,  not to mention tax credit is AFTER THE FACT.
Ppl wouldn't have the money up front to even pay the premiums.
While their sucking the life right out of you.
You're just a fear mongerer and a liar Patty.
Murray, both you and Inslee are dunderheads.
We need the consumer protections that ACA offered. No $ cap, no denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions. @SpeakerRyan
Make it #GOPCare so people remember it's the party, not the man who put them in this situation.
@Itsagoodlife48G TRUMPKILLS will kill thousands of us seniors who are ill and can't afford insurance
fear mongerer
self-medicate.  Drink Aloe vera  juice to keep your ph in check, use green food, avoid sugar and no booze...etc.
This is totally unacceptable just like 45 to be Deplorable
How about that they point to Ins cos who hated ACA, but good with this plan? Um, we don't want Ins cos to be the happy ones.
@SenateDems If Obamacare is so great why are you guys not on it? Only good enough for the common person?
well ofcourse it does. It's Obamacare all over again. #republicansarestupidto
I feel as though I've lived through the this version before.
what about all the money you take from big Pharma?
@SenateDems Inciting CLASS ENVY 2 try & foment ANARCHY while you have RITZY Congressional Health Coverage pd BY US=Phony FAIL
You didn't read Obamacare and you haven't read this bill either.  Everbody knows you don't know what is going on.
@SenateDems Fearmongering about "coverage" from insurance profiteers & ignoring they provide no CARE cuz deducts too high=FAIL!
@SenateDems Obamacare has meant mortgage sized premiums & ins no one can afford to use. You had 8 yrs to fix ACA.
keep pushing back @PattyMurray
BTW Jared family works/owns  insurance comp
Most Americans knew from day #1 that "Trump is a phony, a fraud"; his base are going to find out after it too late
@deejay90192 Elderly will be paying .More and some people may not qualify
wrong
as your constituent, please fight this! #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Democrats spin the same old tired yarn! You r all a bunch with oppositional disorder speaking only in gross generalities!
as was the plan for the ACA, prob was the younger gen did not play ball
How about spending a little more effort on digging EVIDENCE on Trump that will get him tossed out!
ACA: deductibles so high it can't be used, cost so high only rich can afford it.. communist dems lie,stop hating US
@SenateDems look patty we all know you are the pockets of the pharmaceutical company, stop the BLAABLAABLAA
since o'care wasn't a redistribution scheme, exactly how does reducing taxes harm workers?
I can see you Dem's on here obviously know zero about the current #ACA and how much it really does cost and who it hurts.
@SenateDems Well? How else are these companies going to pay off the congress, to be re elected?
The majority of the valley will struggle with this proposed legislation.
The GOP mantra - the rich get richer, and screw the poor.
Its actually called American Health Care, don't brand it how you want...I didn't brand #ACA
not surprising, @GOP sticks it to regular people every chance they get! #Trumpcare benefits for rich / average people suffer
we will just go back to people not having insurance so taxpayers/gov has to pay or Dr.s/hospitals could go bankrupt
I have often thought that the reason the Republicans didn't like the ACA is because it had President Obama's name on it.
@SenateDems 
Because Patty, et al want to keep in power by having more dependents. 
  Wise up people!
senators need to be put on Obama care and pay for it yourself. No one exempted
Senator Murray, what can we do to help !
We really need to take care of the wealthiest in our country, & hopefully the poor will die becuz they can't afford help.Thanks
@SenateDems then all of you stop bitching about it and go and work with them to get a bill done that works for everyone
please keep fighting! #NoToTrumpcare
@SenateDems you didn't read Obamacare before you passed it
And you base this off of what, exactly?
@SenateDems what's up with that!!
For those interested to #readthebill https://consumermediallc.files.wordpress.com/2017/03/americanhealthcareact.pdf …
#ryancare we need to tie this to Ryan not Trump
@HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan #readTheBill indeed!  #SavetheACA
GOP = Rich get richer.  Countless investigations  Bengazi =refussing investigate Trump repeatedly.  GOP is about self interest
please call it #Republicare!
