No it isn't. We need to payoff the $20 trillion dollar debt Democrats like you have gotten us into. Some things have to wait
Actually,  President Clinton was the last one to pass a balanced budget.  So, deficit spending fault Includes Republicans.
Clinton fought Speaker Gingrich he vetoed it at least 2x before saying "The Era of Big Government is Over" & finally worked with (R)!
You're right!  Anyone told you that you can #withholdconsent until Trump-Russia is investigated? #impeachnow
(D) voters are so duped re Russia/Trump Hoax! Ask your @DNC leaders who put Hit on Seth Rich who gave docs to WikiLeaks it's Not RUSSIA 

WikiLeaks hasn't been wrong in 11 yrs I wouldn't bet your house  against him! DNC so Corrupt fixed election with Super Delegates!
If Trump-Russia is a bluff, you should welcome an investigation to clear your wonderful President's name.  #ConsciousnessOfGuilt
Then PLEASE stop him!!??
Especially us in the Tri-Cities area. Hanford isn't going to clean up itself, and if it falls behind, the entire Pacific NW is imperiled.
Hanford cleanup isn't paid for by the EPA. It is paid for by DOE.
It is paid for by three agencies. DOE, EPA, and WA Ecology.
Thomas, please go back to Troll School -- I think they have courses available at Trump University for a low non-refundable fee of $30K 
You are a pain a royal one to be true.
awhh shucks ... your making me blush now
oh please! Everyone of your tweets has to do with Trump! #Termlimits
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
In case you forgot, this ain't just about WA. It's about Americans!
Our environment will collapse if we don't do something fast.NY will be flooded, major storms. Its now that we need all hands.TY
A major loss for all of us. Just Crazy!
Then quit with the partisanship! Say something positive! The hatred is blinding you to state half truths. It's so sad! I am non-partisan.
So right Sen Murray.  Clean air and water should never be put on the back burner.  NEVER.
@TalbottRebecca - He still hasn't done anything right. He can't. @realDonaldTrump is no president.He's a fool who panders to s
This WA household celebrates
Cutting EPA is a win for the American people, common sense and jobs. Tired of fake science.
Drain the swamp in DC
That's because he thinks like a rich man instead like you or I.
It is a loss for everyone everywhere and our Earth! #StopTrump
Doh  Trump EPA Administrator Promises to Clean Up Toxic Waste Sites Obama Left Behind
You talk like the Exec does more then suggest. According to the citizen contract that unites the states, it's the house that controls the $$
Trump EPA Administrator Promises to Clean Up Toxic Waste Sites Obama Left Behind
Please, STOP him.

#TrumpImpeachmentParty: When Trump is Impeached, Will You Have A Party?
Convenient, purposeful, cruel ignorance I fully expected in him. Not even preserving a good work for his grandkids.
Absolutely wrong.  Site specific claims and quit throwing gas on the fire.  Fewer regs means more jobs without hurting the globe.
On the contrary! You Democrats have been feeding off of special interest groups for years. Stop with the holier than thou speech!
And another Imp of the Demoncrats speaks!
So Landslide Patty so known for fighting, are you going to fight for Washington? Radioactive poison enough to make you fight for the people?
Time for a #CascadianRepublic
Let's increase the children on asthma rolls then ruin their health care! Horrible @POTUS.
The EPA should not have been so heavy handed for the past 25 years, maybe a more measured reasonable brand of regulation.  Pendulums swing.
The EPA is special interest!
My family isn't losing, my family only loses when an illegal alien us put before them and their needs.
LIAR! It is a WIN for AMERICANS!!
The EPA is a special interest group.
Please keep fighting the proposed #trumpbudget , @PattyMurray. We are behind you 100%! Tell us: How can we help you? #resist #thislandrising
#DNCFraudLawsuit make no mistake. We are watching this.
Lots of Democrat politicians taking to twitter to lie about a proposed republican budget who sat over the largest national debt increase eva
And the entire Universe Patty.
Where do u want to slash budget? Got 2 start somewhere. Can't stay on spending track while raising natl debt as Dems did last 8 yrs. #
Okay, you tell us where the cuts should be made. We can't just keep going deeper in debt so tell us... where? Betcha don't
One thing for sure Patty, if you ran your household like Washington state you would not be the millionaire that you are.
In what way Senator? Please elaborate instead of pontificate. #Whining
Its a win for corporations.
If you give a good GOD damn CLEAN UP
Radiation leaking at HANFORD HERE IS CURE~ END RADIATION w/ LIGHTENING  @POTUS
In other words, to hell with job creation & economic recovery.
Then do your job and impeach Trump, flush his cronies & kill the budget before it gets a chance to drop roots.
Disagree
Not cuts but slower rate of increase. Please tell the truth.
Study  Up Patty: Trump EPA Administrator Promises to Clean Up Toxic Waste Sites Obama Left Behind
It's pretty amazing that there are still people out here putting stock in anything Trump's administration has promised to do.

They lied.

Make no mistake @PattyMurray @SenSchumer @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems #wethepeople get it done 2018 we will
The Democrats' hot air is slashing the oxygen from the earth !!! Start working for America and getting ready to lose seats in 2018 !!!
@RealDonaldTrump EPA, YOU ARE HARMING OUR ENVIRONMENT & IT HARMS US ALL!
I remember when lake Washington was polluted! Then they cleaned it up now these morons want to undo it all
Hack.
Agreed
AWESOME! Love it ......
Cut my taxes first.
it's a loss for most if not all of the country - not just us here in WA
The world
You're a sellout
