If President Trump truly wants to work on tax reform, we should know which loopholes & special interest deductions he profits from. #TaxDay
Since the IRS hasn't jailed him for tax evasion your comments are irrelevant.  Much like your policies in the current political arena.
Which loopholes benefit you.  And if this was such a problem, why haven't You already fixed it while your party held the majority?
It's the law.  You should work with President Trump to fix the problems with the current law or I'm sure he will do it without You.
Define modern history.
I'd guess the last 8 yrs. 
Who cares. Poor baby get over it.

Introduce a bill that tells IRS to publish last 15 yrs of tax returns of sitting Prez and VP on May 15 every yr, applies to all Prz and VPs.
Do something about this instead of just talking about it!!!
THE main reason is his absolute dishonesty and heavy financial investments with Russia and many many more illegal activities!
The million $ question, is why??
Change the law.
Ready for articles of impeachment #Trumprussia #impeachTrumpnow
Obama was the first president who refused to release his birth certificate, Hillary was the first candidate to refused to release emails....
Americans have spoken we want tax reforms that democrats are blocking.  Get to work on that and stop wasting time.
Tell me, how would him revealing his taxes to you change your life?
How will it affect your life then?
Is there a law requiring him release his taxes.
so pass a law that it's a job requirement, along with intelligence, truthfulness, ethics, compassion consideration for those in need
I believe since Nixon?
I'll look in the Constitution for something saying it's a requirement. be right back.....
Do you not care about conflict of interests in your political leaders? Would you want to know if they are passing laws to enrich themselves?
I've given up hoping for any morality from ANY elected official. As long as they follow the Constitution, I'm good
And never will. He's a fraud. He's a liar. We don't need his taxes to prove that. Eye on the prize. Russia. @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
He is working for $1.00. Find something else to dwell on. 75% of American's or more don't care about his tax returns.  @realDonaldTrump
Releasing tax returns isn't required. What, slow news day for u? Nothing else to complain about? 
file the papers to make him do so please
Who cares - not the average middle class like me - have u released ur taxes @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @PressSec @HispanicsTrump @kevincorke #TX1
wish we could see a few of those 30 thousand emails hillary deleted.
And yet you fail to accept that, "we the people" elected him without seeing his tax return! Move along, nothing to see here!
There can be no confidence in Trump acting in the best interests of the country & not his own until he releases his taxes. 
8 yrs 
1/
Congress must act to ensure all Presidents including Trump provide full financial disclosure BEFORE taking office. 
National Security
He did file financial disclosure docs.
HEY PATTY, WE'RE ALL STILL WAITING FOR YOU TO INVESTIGATE THE CLINTONS' CORRUPTION...
#taxday & no one cares because after 8 years of crippling Dem policies we have more important things to worry about than #trump 's income
We need to see his taxes to know where true interests lie. This man DOES NOT have America's best interests at heart. Don't let up on this!
What are you going to do about it? Frustrated and loyal Democrat here looking for answers.
Get over it, Clinton lost, Trump won.
Why do you even care about this?  Seems like more important things to be doing.  Liberal feminist from Washington state Patty Murray.
We need to update the qualifications of a president. Work on that plz
Hey Patty 
This is what happens when petty politics drive discourse and not real issues.  Nothing but arguing.
What you should be concerned about is relieving the tax burden on working families.  This political stuff has to go!  Do something real.
America MUST see his tax returns! Keep at him Senator Murray. Thanks for your service!
Where in the code is he required to do so? I can't find it.
It should be mandatory .
And surprise! It's not even mandatory!
And the only President who seems to prefer to do much of his work away from the White House
It would be great if you dug out your tennis shoes and got to work on something that will make a difference to the people in WA State.
I don't care about the Donald's taxes, I care how much of mine DC sucks away. Balance the budget, then we can talk #TaxDay
what can be done about this?
Well maybe Maddow will "find" some more. #taxday
Just curious, are you calling for ouster of Koskinen for violating his oath, or a criminal investigation into Lois Lerner? #hypocrite
Whoop Dee doo
As far as I'm concerned, he wasn't elected. He stole it with Russian help. What are you in the House going to do about it?
Why don't you show him how its done? Let's see yours!!
I am from Washington state. When can you have a town hall & answer questions about why Congress is unable to control Trump?
At least he's not spying on anyone,  giving billions of dollars to Iran or selling our uranium to Russia.
What do you consider "modern times"? And he hasn't released them, yet. There's no law stating he has to anyway. Now, get some real work done
Hmm, want to discuss 1st? WJC was 1st to have sex with intern in WH, HRC was 1st to share classified email on privater server. MTC @FoxNews
So?
Give back that Pharma $475000 money yet?
Truly don't care if he shares them or not.
But @realDonaldTrump filed all required financial documents to run for @POTUS. He's the 1st real peoples President in modern history #MAGA
Perhaps he will be the best president in modern history!
First Prez that wasn't elected by Americans  living in America
Theirs a first time for everything,your mom never told u this
Trump never releasing his taxes ever .too much to hide
No she doesn't
modern age....
that's good
So what? I bet he pays more than you fo.  He certainly paid more than NObama
Why would you bet that? He's said he pays no taxes. He refuses to prove anything. And refusing to get over a former President is no excuse.
Find a legal way to make him release them.  FOIA?
First president ever to get a W-2 from Russia
I think trump has much to hide. So do his kids!
He is not releasing to troll people like u. @sean_spicier @seanhannity
Ridiculous. Still can't believe this bafoon is POTUS.
Is he legally required to do so?
Nope!
#Trump could assuage suspicions of obligation and collusion with #Russia by simply releasing #TrumpTaxes . 

It's an admission of guilt.
There is no smoke, so no fire. Your screaming that there is, but it's a false alarm
Boy, nothing gets by you, huh?
I could care less abt his taxes-I want a working government that you obviously can't seem to pull it together enough to soldier on. Shame!
And I agree. Let's see yours. And your business accts as Senator. You don't like he's not showing his, change the law. Stop complaining-WORK
If you have bodies buried in the basement you don't show people the basement. Trump is CROOKED! Not Hillary!
Oh holy hell...
Wait: didn't R #Maddow  get her hands on some older ones...that proved he PAID MORE taxes than #socialist @BernieSanders & @HillaryClinton 
What percent of your income did you donate to charity?
do your job & create tax reform for the American ppl.
the other prez's worked in GOV'T. For us! We had a right to see their tax returns. @POTUS was a private citizen.
I don't give a Damn about his taxes! I care about mine! Ur gonna hold tax relief, 4 us, hostage over a Dem tantrum? Bad idea 
Hey Patty Murray show your on Twitter please !
Humm...and #Obama took 6 years to release his #birth #certificate, which IS law. Taxes being released is not law.
Oh hell, the BC so is in question
U should be concerned about the con man who spent 8 yrs without producing his real birth certificate. No one cares about tax returns.
lol Maddow has them
Is she waiting for Sweeps Week to release the next batch?
Americans want affordable healthcare including people with pre-existing conditions. FIX THE #ACA 
#the27percent
He's also the first  (that I'm aware of) who continuously trash-talks his predecessors.
Nope. Obama spent the first 4 years of his administration blaming GW Bush. He was told to get over it numerous times, as is Trump.
Senator do your job and stop wasting time on twitter.
1000's of your people need you to help them. As if tweeting helped politics.
Trump is also the first one who is not fit to be our President
No, that was Obama and still isn't fit to be a former POTUS
& yet with all others things we found out abt him he is still in highest office in our country, what this says is we dont hv a Govt anymore
I knew some corruption existed but I am shocked,saddened and F...n pissed at what I see! We're is our country? Don should never been prez!!!
it started late 60s early 70s. Every1 knew something was amiss but we cldnt put our finger on what it was 1% was start- 2reverse power 2them
Sorry, the unsubstantiated case for war on yet another middle eastern country you chose to support is a bigger deal than Donny's taxes.
Thanks for adding your leadership to this. Do not let a tax bill pass with out seeing his taxes.
The State Sets Us Up, the Feds Lock Us Down, Its Deliberation All Around! Senator do Your Job! End Deliberate Indifference!
#TaxDay fact: Tax returns are not a requirement for Office of President.
What is @PattyMurray trying to hide focusing on this, not issues?
