Because they can't win any elections bc the corrupt DNC continues to screw the party over
They'll  defend everything but political diversity. Everything happening has been going on for years with Dem leadership. but they blame Rep
Honestly this will never work… will only result in more job loss & increase the rate of automation. UBI is the only solution addressing this
What's UBI?
Universal basic income… basically a small monthly stipend for everyone to get basic needs off of that is given to everyone unconditionally
Interesting. Taking economics and government now, never mentioned. I'll look into this. Thank you.
It's not talked about nearly enough in the United States… they're already testing it out in parts of Canada & European countries
Ya they call it Socialism
Order kiosks at McDonald's. Picture taken 4/30/17... Keep pushing for that $15 and this will be everywhere you buffoons
Not if we don't accept it. I Dodge these everywhere I go. Would rather stand in line and feel human connections.
Honestly you can't resist this… you can try to dodge it for retail outlets but it'll continue to take over the entire manufacturing industry
Have you played this game on your computer before? 

http://www.phonestory.org/game.html 
It's time for Congress to take a pay cut.
It's time for Trump to stop taking weekly $3 million vacations. That costs us far more than all of Congress combined
Is there a particular reason you responded to me about Trump? What I said had nothing to do with him or the presidency in any way.
He is just mentioning the fact that its not really Congress' fault. Trump has been splashing cash and he doesnt care
I have an idea.  You start a company and pay the wages you feel like for entry level jobs and leave the rest of free enterprise alone.
$15 an hour? What if they're not worth $1 an hour? You're off your rocker!
What about those of us working 30 years in a job and making barely $16 an hour? Will they bump us up too? Doubt it.
Tacoma-Seattle-Everett area, one of the highest minimum wage in the country and 3.5 unemployment rate. Can anyone explain that to me?
I said the seattle-Tacoma-Everett area, it's a pretty large job market where not everyone work for tech companies.
What impact ?
You folks don't get it. The people that voted for Trump want higher wages but ONLY for white people. You can't get through to them.
Um not, check it out. It's the Dems wanting this
Those business owners who say they can't afford a $15 minimum wage probably can't run a business well to begin with. Consider that GOP!

Because the boss doesn't know how to run a business well and make a sufficient profit to begin with!
Not true at all, in most businesses labor costs are the make or break point. The average Subway only make $50k in profit a year.
Then don't open the business.
Exactly people won't be able to if labor costs are too high. And they won't be able to create lots of new jobs...sad
governing laws, even an idiot like Trump can succeed. Things need to change, and decent wages is a goid start.
Not every job is designed to live on.  Think students or those working PT for extra spending money.  Those jobs will all go away.
If Australia can afford it then so can the US.  No to greed.
Patty Murray was one of only 9 Democrats who voted to Fast Track the TPP. So she cares about working people now? Running for re-election?
Outstanding idea! But hey.. cost of living is high in many places so why stop at $15? Make it $100 an hour to truly help people!
That won't work dummy
Woot woot! Keep up the good fight.
It's time for you to stop taking money from Big Pharma and approve cheaper drugs from Canada are you will have to go
How in the world can you do that. The extended affect will be astronomical to the public cost of living.
Hogwash...NOT every job should pay at a 30k+/yrly wage. Many jobs require no skill & can't justify that pay scale...DUH
$12 with a state COL adjustment. States like cali/ny would be $15+, states like Mississippi would be around $10
Hey fool,.Venzualia raised their minimum wage 3 times in a years time...now their out of food
Go take #Econ101
What jobs are you suggesting begin at $15.00?
Then it's time for $40 hamburger!
That's the stupidest idea ever....
Minimum wage should be $481/hr then all full time employees would get $1,000,000 a year.
You do not represent eastern Washington #pattymurray
Long Overdue for living wages indeed
Ummm. No. Do you liberals not understand what pain this would cause to our society? Prices would skyrocket, some would go out of buisness
No it's not
Patty you are so out of touch.
If Democrats didn't spend all their time hating @POTUS they could work a deal with him on minimum wage by funding the wall!
Why?  Have you thought this through....obviously not.  Pathetic.
Yeh we don't want this economy to get started so get it up and get more people unemployed
I suggest a minimum wage on a sliding scale based on cost of living.  $15 might be good in Spokane, but won't buy much in Seattle.
No it's not
And put 1/4 of $10  an hour people out of work. Do you guys need help with math??  Basic math

Doing so will bankrupt many small business, raise price, and cost many their jobs
Heil Hitler!  Raise the wage & everything else goes up!  A COMPLETE CIRCLE JERK! Why not $100 an hour?
No, do you people not realize that costs jobs. For every person to get that raise 5 are fired. That's if businesses don't just shut down.
B/c 1yr makes all the difference?  You didn't agree with #Fightfor15 when Bernie touted it, but now you're on board? #BetterLateThanNever
No it isn't. What don't u get?  The math doesn't work out. It either puts people out of work or significantly increases the cost of product.
is this the only bargaining chip you have for the proletariats? Education? Tax? Distribution of Power? Cmon. that wont win 2020 or 2018.
It's time for robots to put whiny liberals out of work. Enjoy the breadline.
How much are we paying you?
What is wrong with you people? Don't you see what socialism has done to  Venezuela, they just ordered a $60 min wage. Stop lying.
And take some of the profits made by big corps? Heretical; people can just live in a carboard box outside Trump Towers, right?
That is really stupid.
@SenSanders It's time for single Payer healthcare. Forget everything else. Focus for a change. Do your fuckn job
That's a pretty cool way to put small businesses out of business. You know, the leading economic driver of the United States.
How are you a senator and still don't understand basic Econ?
$15 in '18.
Madam that sounds great. If an entry level person earns $15/h at an unskilled job, should a skilled worker earn more ?  #please answer
Our grifter in chief is too busy giving his buddies tax cuts to spare any money for minimum wage earners.
thanks for your support! #raisethewage #mayday2017 @MoveOn
NO NO NO, Typical Dems giving away taxpayers money. This is not robbing Peter to pay Paul.
$15 minimum wage is well natured but it translates into a regressive tax on the poor and middle class
dont believe me? take a look at the situation in Seattle, everyone making ~15/hr is forever a wage slave
Yes when they earn it; no one should get paid b/c a politician said so; private business -business
Yes. Now would be nice. Today. Not in years. The bankers didn't have to wait 

everything else will go up with it, you can't be that stupid.
Bernie Socialist Sanders is a raving lunatic. Aligning yourself with him shows you are as well.
The government needs to stop making power grabs that dictate Socialism in our business. Where this has been done causes loss of businesses.
All of your beliefs work in theory. Communism and socialism work in theory too. How has that worked out in the real world?
You and Bernie sanders need to work in the real world. It's so sad how out of touch or representatives are. You have no clue.
What about service industry. You create $15 minimum wage you destroy the service industry. I'd really appreciate an answer @PattyMurray
Already many restaurants in Seattle have had to close, ditto for San Francisc.
If you want higher wages, go ur ass to school. Mw jobs aren't meant to be careers in the first damn place people. Jeez
Liberal logic is so flawed. Where is this money coming from? Work hard pay your dues. Make something of yourself. Nothing is handed to you.
Can you answer me this. Workers currently making $15 hour, what are they supposed to do? Businesses will not increase their pay.
Does that work right in Biloxi same as San Francisco? Or Else Paso same as Seattle? ?
Your going to have businesses laying off people to pay that to their employees. How is this productive?
R u kidding me?
This will cost jobs and only serve for everyday items prices to be raised! Stop the pupe dream politics 
Also time for you to quit shilling for Israel & to allow cheap drugs 2B imported from Canada. Not holding my breath.
I have a BA and MA and have been working in my field since I was a teen, currently making under 15 an hour.
Not liking u making so little.So sorry 4 that but making people without educations earning the same thing as educated.Doesn't make any sense
Agreed but not in 2024 as you've previously stated. #Resist
NO, it is NOT time for national $15 minimum wage..
It's time for fast food workers to be replaced with robots.
I see your clock is also adding 6 more hours to the now 24 hour day making it a longer work day. I got it.
@SenSanders when you raise minimum wage, all wages go up. It's about time for Congress to give wage earners a raise.
There shouldn't be any type of minimum wage
@SenSanders @seattletimes time to tell cheap foreign labor to go home. That will send wages higher rents,food,gas,medcosts down
no, it's past  time for a national $15 minimum wage
How would this affect small businesses if passed? I'm in agreement that it needs raised just curious what the nitty gritty details are....
@SenSanders
Let one's worth to an activity and free market competition dictate compensation, not politicians.
Nice - let's bankrupt all of our small businesses.
They've been saying that for months.
Wrong
No way
Labor is the largest cost for businesses in most cases.  Incr. minimum wage, increased prices, back to square one.
Hey Bernie why don't you explain why your wife is being investigated by the FBI?
Hurray for the Job killing Minimum wage! biggest tax on the poor ever!
It's time for the Dems to win something. ANYTHING.
Lets get property value increases connected to min wage increases..when 1 goes up..the other coincides..y will noone in govt talk bout THAT?
Why do you want to make everything expensive?????
Cut taxes so We can get a pay raise.
Keep on rockin' in the free world
Stay out of the private sector. Meddling will only cause more problems. Not gov job to dictate private economical policies.
Not all jobs are worth $15 an hour.
See #Venezuela for the consequences of your folly.
Someone else that can't tell the difference between Tommy Douglas and Chairman Mao. 'Merica!
@SenSanders is no Tommy Douglas.
Right, he's Chavez because you pump your head full of AM radio. Feel free to point to Sanders talking about taking the Commanding Heights
Really? AM radio?
Really, the recycled age-old Venezuela meme? Yeah, AM radio, the source of your inch deep and as much wide knowledge of socialism.
It's time Patty Murray gets off the Insurance Companies' payroll and fight for Universal Healthcare.
Eventually we allgonna be making minimum wage.  Nobody else gets pay increases that match
@SenateDems @seattletimes what a joke
It's time for TERM LIMITS!
So that the price of everything skyrockets? Great idea.
That's just stupid an automated hamburger stand very little hands on $15 an hour not creates a domino effect everything else just goes up
Yes, we need a $15 minimum wage and the resultant $10 loaf of bread.
please support HR 676 the Medicare for All Bill
Wow, even the Democrats get trolled by the @williamlegate bot. I figured it was just @realDonaldTrump and @charliekirk11.
@SenSanders welcome to the $15 McDonald's. That a large poor population rely on for some nutrition.
15.00 sounds good. If we can afford 15.00 lets make it 20.00. If we can afford 20.00 lets go to 25.00. ECT
@SenSanders #killjobs
Now not later.
No...disagree.
It would help bump up other salaries too...which have never kept up with the cost of living.
I run payroll for 60 small businesses. The ONLY Pay increases aregoing to the minimum wagers and the owners. Everybody else is FLAT.
Provide universal healthcare for able bodied who will work! get these indiv off welfare. only provide assistance to those genuinely unfit.
savings on those coming off welfare, add payroll and income tax generated from jobs would help fund universal health and childcare.
You people are SO out of touch. Not all States are equal.
It's time we need change please
Why stop at 15? Why not $100/hr so everyone can be rich?
60 minutes was pretty boring. Trim it down to 15 and make it all about cash and I bet the youths today would watch.
if u want to afford a comfortable life-need job skills,good attitude,no babies B4 ucan afford them,pass drug test
You and your buddies pay for it.
@SenSanders @seattletimes if we raise min wage what stops everything else from going up to?
No, it's time to rethink the idea of money. Money is an imaginary concept.
Today is the liberal holiday "Destroy Seattle"
It's time to eliminate minimum wage and start cutting Congressional Salaries, for Politicians who can't get anything meaningful done!
@SenateDems @seattletimes It's way past time to never see Sanders' name anywhere.
@SenSanders it's time you quit spending all our money
Theres no point guys you put peoples wages up so goes inflation to match and still keep every one poor
Yes and no.  Inflation does occur when minimum wages go up, but not at the same rate.  Workers still come out ahead.
That'll make em work
Raise minimum wage as well as taxes, this way we can give our senators a raise...
Time to recognize that opposition isn't from the One Percent, it's from those of us who sincerely believe the idea is counter-productive.
Thought u were a hillary superdelegate patty  but oppurtunity knocks at every pr door
I agree congressional leaders should only make $15.00 an hour. Your are grossly overpaid.
Thank you.
it is time for term limits.  you have been on the gov. gravy train too long.
No it's NOT time for that @PattyMurray
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard
I very much doubt that. Record your conversations tomorrow and hit play.
