Are dems working on a proposal of their own? As a dem I would like to see what your chgs to ACA would be.  Getting frustrated w/both sides.
One, there have been very few nominations and two, R's have the WH, House and Senate, how obstructionist can D's really be?
1) Many, but 1000s haven't been done. 2) COMPROMISE 3) Don't act like you have no ethics and maybe investigations will stop or end quickly.
How do you know? We can answer that after investigation is complete. FWIW, I HOPE it's nothing for sake of us all. WH needs less Twitter.
This is wildly different than '09. ACA took over a year to draft with hundreds of negotiations.
Okay, but logically it only makes sense that you would share in that same outrage as in '09 then, right? I mean, that's just common sense.
Keep up the good fight.  Americans deserve affordable healthcare!!!
So HH would you say that a healthcare CEO making 66.6 Million is looking for ways to cut costs or increase them?  Or does it matter? Bottom_
If they name it, it's no longer secret.
If you are against voter ID laws you are for voter fraud...anyone with an IQ above room temperature understands that.
Pls rt- my fight against #Trumpcare  to protect my disabled child's life
Good for you! I thank you &America thanks you. Unity is exactly what we need! This is an important piece of legislation, Assembly required!
You refused to engage . Now you're  crying . Precious
you can keep your doctor, oh that was wrong.  you can keep your plan, oh thats wrong.  dems have NO plan
How about talking pubically as to why not one woman is involved in this???  Why???
I adore how gentile the chiding is! Now you have it in writing #Healthcare
right on! Stay on them. We appreciate your hard work.
Hard work?..they haven't hit a lick in 3 or 4 years.
Patty wake up. Your a habitual complainer, Nobody wants to work with a whiny complainer
I guess we'll find out in 2018 if childish stunts are a serviceable substitute for governing...i doubt they will be.
I'll check for you and holla back
Dog & Pony show, you and your fellow WA Senator. #WhichIsWhich
You come out of the woodwork now, where were you when O'Kenyan care came up?????...
CRICKETS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Go and insist you be seated!!
I heard it's the same location as HRCs emails...
Really, you democrats are all the lying, misleading, manipulative hypocrites! "you have to sign it to read what's in it " Per Pelosi
I love my Democrats!
Palin's dreaded death panels are finally here - trumpcare   @normangoldman @Thom_Hartmann @SenWarren @SenSanders
Thanks, Sen Murray, for continuing bi partisan efforts. Too bad GOP succeeds by obstruction.
Please stop with the stunts and get serious about the Voter Suppression and other crimes being perpetrated by the GOP. #GA06th
Keep fighting for your constituents! We support you 
OMGOODNESS, you must have something else to do, don't you?
Maybe it would be better to let them pass this abomonation?  It will destroy the R party.
YES!  This sort of visual, along with the work you are doing on the Floor and with the Dem caucus, keep it up! This constituent supports!
Brilliant.
Oh my your leakers havt told ya...lol
@SenSchumer previously said the @TheDemocrats wouldn't negotiate on the @GOP repeal and replace. The Gop just respecting your wishes
I'm thinking after last night 5-0, Americans don't need Dems to move forward. 31m & 1.3b wasted on losers. So proud of Americans today.
Really need to rename this Republicare. Trump will be a horrible memory soon, but this bill should hang around the party's neck forever.
We know what's in their bill: measures to steal the people's healthcare, measures so terrible even their constituents will reject #SaveACA
Seanator @PattyMurray it looks like you have nothing else to do!
@Thom_Hartmann @SenateGOP Once past AHCA someone has to get on Patty Murray about votes to block lower RX prices & Canadian RX.
Love it!
@SenateMajLdr Hey Mitch looks like Dems WANT to work, I guess u r 2 insecure to let them. U R the problem.
That's our Senator! Go Patty
Dems messed up health care and insurance! We cant afford either!
Repubs cheated to win using voter suppression and vote tampering, in the presidential election and latest in georgia. Will Ds say it?
.Why are all these Dems "obstructing". Why can't they sit back and let POTUS & @GOP screw the little guy!
Very cute. Are the dems making any effort to save their precious Obamacare?
@PattyMurray ....check on that with @chuckschumer maybe he can work something out for ya
it is now political warfare.  no more mr. nice guy.  the REPUBS learned from the last 8 yr of dealing with the DEMS.
Pretty solid statement, @TheDemocrats. I'd feel a lot better about your attendance if you went in 100% #Solidarity on #SinglePayer!
You will see it tomorrow OK. All you will do is obstruction, lie and distort the truth.
Exactly! And these morons writing this are claiming its the Dems fault???
we have to pass the bill to see what's in it, sound familiar?
Sure, it's coming to a floor near you soon, Ms. Murray.
Dems say they will show up, but even in Senate meetings they are not there.  They are just taking up space
MURRAY2020!!!!!
Protecting citizens -thanks, Dems!
Correction, its #trumpDONTcare & neither does the GOP!
Do we have to tell u how this works. U can work with the @SenateGOP when it comes to the floor. Get ur amendments n & work toward best bill.
Ummm. That's not how it works lol.
You want to get voters attention tell the how the GOP are harming the ACA right now & why insurers are pulling out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They are releasing details tomorrow.
I tell you what aren't the people who said you had to pass it to read it ?
You mean, months and months of hearings/committee mtgs? Adding 100+ regressive amendments just in Senate? Regressives=traitors.
Unbelievable Democrats can't get in!!
senator if you would stop with all the hype and OBSTRUCTING, maybe you would get a invite to input?

Save those rsvp cards as souvenirs of the Dirty Bakers Dozen of death care!
Documenting efforts to meet in the middle is genius.
Ok Patty....keep it up!!
Sorry you had your chance with Obamacare now it's the GOP's turn
At least @SenateGOP was involved in #ACA debates. @SenateDems & The American People are being locked out.
It passed without a single GOP vote and Pelosi said they had to pass it to see what was in it. Dems had their chance and they blew it
You're not upset that the American people can't see a bill that will drastically change their lives?
It will be revealed and then voted on and it will stand on it's merit or fail like O-care
Revealed for how long? Because the vote is supposed to be before July 4
I was dropped twice because of O-care and rates nearly doubled, the sooner this is gone the better. Just another form of welfare
You don't even wanna see the GOP plan first? What if it's worse? Won't be able to fix it for 8 years
Thank you senator. Shut. Down. The . Senate. None of this is normal!
Since details will emerge tomorrow, it won't be a "secret". Just more nonsense from Democrats. We support the GOP Senate.
Shhh Patty! The adults are working!
Grow up, Patty. You had a chance to fix this, and all that you did was claim it was all working just Dandy! 
#TermLimits
