I don't need to share your expenses for healthcare with mine. Buy your own policy that fits the needs of your family.
Kevin, it's a matter of too many people wanting something for free, their not willing to work for it, and they want me to pay for it.
As fast as single payer, the company sends you the Bill for the coverage you selected. Your the single payer of that bill.
Obama had no authority to appropriate this funding (only Congress can), yet you did nothing about it.
Yes
Gutting Obama care does not make sense the Trump alternatives are brutal.
@JoyAnnReid Its worse than that. It directly pits the Oblivious greedy ones against those of us older, more damaged ones
#25For45  
#25For45  
#25For45  
#25For45  
#25thAmendmentNow 
#25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow
#TrumpIsAMoron
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bw-potus-bethesda-exam-diana-winslow-msw/ … It doesn't appear anyone has this original report, and it's about time for another. @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Register for ObamaCare!
What's left of it thanks to orangino
Go get him Senator!
YES, and how do we stop it? Republicans are loving it!!
He and his friends just want to roll back to bad policies that the poor and sick can not afford again.
Senator, is there any way to make him do his job? His job is to implement the laws Congress passes. This is out of line.
Hoping to see public option in the health care talks.
Shut everything down. Trump is deteriorating and Rep’s usinghis craziness while they can before they use 25th, take away that time.
So do something!!! Don't just criticize, you're in a position to change this!
Did all you dems have a meeting and. Decide on the word sabotage
No, it just fits. Does your party do anything but sneer and destroy?
How can you possibly support Obamacare and then criticize Trump for trying to fix at least a little of this Obama disaster!
How can you be so uninformed about a subject that you talk about constantly?
Trump/GOP need to answer why your & @SenAlexander healthcare negotiations were stopped in favor of #TrumpACAsabotageTax
I hope it IS called Trumpcare when ultimately it ruins millions of families.  History will reflect this monster.
or stupidity
Thank you @PattyMurray  for standing up for this egregious cruelty.
What is your plan of action senator Murray?
Don't negotiate with a terrorist
This act is Trump’s twisted way to force negotiation. He is perverted and insane
Trump supporters wanted the cheapest risk for poor coverage to gamble that they never get sick, but they will regret when reality hits.
Is there any hope? People need good healthcare that pays for drugs and maternity care and contraception
Sen Murray, when Trump voters feel it in their wallet & ailing bodies, please go on a relentless media blitz to shine a light on why.
He's just a mean, vindictive little man!!!
Sabotage what? My premiums keep going up & up. Did all of you Dems get together & decide to use the same key word...sabotage?
Hope Democrats just sit and watch the collision...Let them own the Healthcare issue...
Then do not bite.  Let him stand alone in his burned down home
Just fixing ur problems and getting ur granny panties in a bunch. Sucks when it's no ur guy. Sorry, not
Where's the counter plan Senator Murray?
He created #Trumpcare when he signed that EO.
Welcome to Republican care; it's not just Trump causing Health Care to fail. America will see things differently in the coming months.
But Obama and the Democrats FORCING A SCAM on American workers is fine with you, Correct Senator Murray??? You're pathetic !
@JoyAnnReid @POTUS Senator Murray will @SenAlexander speak out on this? His office has no comment
Do something or leave. You’ve been a joke of a senator for way too long.
Isn't this just a repeal in another guise? Sound the alarm  again. The public has succeeded three times. Somehow it will again.
Fat Donny NOW OWNS HEALTHCARE! Everything that happens from now on, is on him!
Let's B clear. He wouldn't know what Drumpfcare should even be. His sole goal is 2 destroy OBAMAcare. He's a sick, sociopath who needs care!
That is what it is - Trumpcare or Dumpcare - millions will lose access to care
That seems like an understatement. Doesn’t it effectively smash it to bits?
Please yes - keep calling it Trumpcare.  He breaks it, he owns it.
This is what winning looks like to him
When you’re a loser, you have to do this kind of atrocities to feel like a winner. #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Hell no, we won't go to Russia.  Fight Back. Act up.  Alot of us can match his crazy and if that's what it takes, bring it.
#Trumpcare
Fix it .
#25thAmendmentNow
I am disappointed that you put out tweets such as this bye!
Truth hurts, doesn’t it?
Is there anything you can do to stop this?
Senator Murray, you need to back up and recheck your facts. The ACA has been a failure and it's time to stop wasting my tax dollars on it.
This is funny, I read the same thing by @GovInslee, do you guys talk?
How Many Years Have had to do SOMETHING
SO far Nada
#TrumpCareLess
Did you feel guilty when you rammed obamacare through
You don't have any desperate friends or family worried about insurance.  This was so necessary and I hope just a start.  HELP
Get him out , get him out, get him out!
Not happening, not happening, not happening, TRUMP 2020!
We never needed the ACA in the first place. It's been a waste of my tax dollar since it was voted on and "We found out what was in the bill"

Repeal and replace its the only fix. President would sign that. You could be part of that. Or you can continue to complain. Obstructionist
Can anything be done about this????
Piss and moan Patty talking crap about the President again. Your the problem Patty, step aside and some one else will clean up your mess
Well since you haven’t put forward any fixes & premiums are up 24% in our state you have no room to criticize.
Baam! That how we felt when you democrats gave us ObamaCare. Get used to it, you have 7 more years of @realDonaldTrump as @POTUS!
Hasn't he been sabotaging all along?
You are all talk and no show

#PlanetX #Nibiru #Aliens #UFO 
You are all talk, instead of DACA MEETING  maybe you should have been working for all Americans
Where were you Patty and all your libs, you all had a chance to work together past six months
What the hell would you know you’re just monkey see monkey do!
What can we do now? Isn't there a way to fight back against this destructive Executive Order?
He's bringing back the Junk policies, Right?
Junk policies as in 60 year old women don't have to share the cost of prenatal care or prostate cancer care or other ailments they won't get
Patty we are not a welfare state, as much as you would like. Your socialistic ideas are not for the majority. You work for us that pay U
Please continue your work for an alternative
I’m getting tired of words. It’s time to take action. Please do something before we are a third world country. #25thAmendment
I HOPE HE IS SUCCESSFUL AT GETTING RID OF IT. AND I CAN'T WAIT TO VOTE YOUR LAME AS OUT OF OFFICE. DON'T COME TO LEWIS COUNTY, WE HATE YOU.
The Dems “sabotaged” the working families.
Patty, what are you doing to counteract this attack?
Trumpcare is a good thing!
It's beyond time for #TrumpCrimeFamily to GO! When r the R's in #Congress going to grow a spine and #ImpeachTrump ? 
#NotMyPresident
Seems like u need to get on the ball and counter this guy!
Whats the problem with allowing Americans to purchase health care across sate lines? More choices and competition is good for a marketplace
Can you stop him from destroying our healthcare and our Country??
U.S. Code ›Title 18› Part I ›Chapter 13 ›§ 241
18 U.S. Code § 241 -Conspiracy against rights
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/241 …

#BringRiverHome
.@PattyMurray YOU HAVE GOT TO GET THIS MAN OUT OF OFFICE!
Join @RepAlGreen in impeachment, or the 25th. Doesn't matter. HE MUST GO!
What is your ideas Patty????? Wait you have nothing but bashing and trashing
The question isn’t why does Trump want insurance for 28m people. But why do YOU NOT want them to have it? Time for you to resign.
Hopefully Americans will learn they can't trust Republican healthcare plans and support #MedicareForAll
You mean you could trust Obama care
Thanks for telling us. Now, get rid of him!
We want to hear more from you and what you can do to get rid of this joke of a president.
Please do all you can to pressure your gop colleagues to stop killing the ACA. It is theirs now. Pl will hurt & more will die or go bankrupt
How can he do this? Is it time to end the “executive order” process? Help us understand.
@realDonaldTrump is mentally unstable & needs to be removed from office. #25thamendment #PuertoRicoReliefNOW #impeach45
Everyone in community hates Obamacare and you are lying big time it's very sad since you have great healthcare it's a shame you don't care
I see you on the left have a new word of the day “sabotage”, I can’t understand why you on the left want to keep hurting ppl with Obamacare
Why don't you work with Trump to get, we the people http://healthcare.You  and the rest of the DNC elected him, now make it work
Critical that ppl know #2018Enrollment is STILL A GO. People still need to sign up for 2018 benefits under the ACA.
Stop Trump Stop Pence Stop Ryan Stop the GOP!
Trump/Pence and the GOP are terrorists!
Maybe you should have done your job over the last few years and fixed OCare rather than waste taxpayer money.
Trump no care uncivilized and protects insurers health above citizens health.  Only citizens breathe this is our country not corporations.
unplanned pregnancy creates a real divot in our economy
We'll just tweet about it in stead of acting, right Senator?
EXACTLY!
What will you do?
Stop him!  And get out in front with a plan of our own.  Dems need to lead not just carp.  We are behind you - LEAD!
That's funny! He's said how many times he would work with either party, no takers. But now they will bitch like they have no responsibility.
Well then, the EO is signed. Don't fund any of it. There has got to be a way for D's & R's to work toward a real healthcare plan. Together.
Are you going to take Trump to court? ACA is law.
What good is ACA if there are no insurance companies participating?
You understand this isn't a repeal of OCare, right? Have you even looked at what the order does?
Again with peddling health insurance! How much $ are the insurance companies and big pharma  paying for you vote this time?
Please help us Sen Murray #SaveOurHealthCare
Staffor creek wont test 990306 for ciliac disease frm a life time in PRISON 25 years

Destroy and disrupt are the operative words.  Real People suffer daily because of the state of our country.
Support single payer patty
What's next? How long before this throws monkeywrench into everything?
How will this affect your work towards a bipartisan plan to stabilize the ACA and insurance markets? I'm guessing it'll hurt it "bigly".
Are you high? There is no bipartisan anything.  OCare has been failing for years and they have done NOTHING.
Do something then! Start proceedings. ABUSE of power. This Washingtonian voter is worried! #ExecutiveOrder
Libs had six months to sit down together,  never did
RESIST is getting very old, time to bring something to the table that Americans can afford. Remember affordable, affordable, affordable
Will this EO affect people w/pre-existing who get their healthcare through their employers? What about yearly/lifetime caps? Anybody know?
Yeah. I'm not good on the details but you get less coverage from employers . Actually everyone gets less coverage.
I wonder when we get these details? Probably never since Trump knows nothing.....
I read it in the newspaper . Analysts broke it down. Check new York Times or Washington posts
There are probably tons of Trump Supporters that will lose out too, they're just too stupid to realize it.
"Create"? Nice try there Senator, at deflection. Won't work though, just throwing out the garbage known as ObamaCare---Your baby too...
Ugh. Stop already. Enjoy not having your family not have coverage. Hate and ignorance dosent cover health costs. #ExecutiveOrder
it's his way of genocide!
Indeed, get the weak, poor and elderly out. Dotard is a narcissistic, selfish monster for doing this! #ImpeachTrumpNOW
We should not call this Trumpcare ,we should call it like everything he has done TRUMPBULL

Take him out with the 25th! What’s the hold-up?
When are y'all going to get him out of office?
Yeah, just wondering, that's all
Rule that base up lol
Where is the accountability? Trump ignoring Russia sanctions law and destroying ACA. How is this not a violation of his oath?
LOL
Single payer already! You did not support. Dissappointed fan. May rethink voting next time!
Help her fight this crap instead first. Then vote however you want .
How is this going to be stopped Senator?
Stop what ?
