If the GOP drops the ball & fails to stop 45 from destroying these Dreamers lives, they can kiss the Hispanic vote goodbye 100%
& they care more about that vote the the poor Americans the Dems have turned their backs on
That is the most ignorant statement I've seen all day. Since FDR, Dems have always had the backs of the poor. Delete your account you moron.
Thanks for calling me names.  I think we should go to the inner cities & see if they agree that they've been taken care of.
It's YOUR party that wants to take away the homes and healthcare of children & the poor. Go home and watch more Fox News...
1st I am an individual. Both parties r messed up & have PLENTY of issues. I think they all just care about their paychecks.I don't watch fox
Oh.... Now its both parties?  The GOP controls the whole govt and is led by a prez with narcissistic personality disorder. Has done nothing.
But entering our country illegally instead of thru the proper channels is ok? Hardworking illegal families don't you mean
That's their parents fault. They've known for quite some time they are illegal. Actually it's Nobamas fault. Trump is cleaning up his messes
The "choice" lies with American citizens NOT illegal aliens.
Go to church if you want to feel better about it personally.
Please use all your power as a Senator to fight this.
There is no power as a senator, plus she's a waste of time
Congress has the power to craft legislation that defies this EO. It's time they all worked together against this man.
To do what, allow millions to go into failed programs? Keep you liberals poor? To keep on with programs you came access? GTFOH
LA has fires, Texas is flooded, a Cat 4 storm heading to FL, a madman has nukes, Congress sucks, Russia..well, and we are focusing on this.
It's all part of the same thing.
Please continue working to protect the Dreamers, and provide a path for citizenship for them! They are already Americans
Their already breaking the law, how many more do the have to break
Wow... there's a helluva lot of nasty orange trolls and bots on this thread to be #BlockedByMama #EasyPickens
#AmericaFirst  #AmericanVeteransFirst  20 veterans commit suicide everyday!! How about taking care of them FIRST before illegals

Quit complaining and get back to work.
no it won't. Send them home together.
End DACA! It's a decision ONE man made! It's unlawful! You don't like the law then change it in congress! We are a nation of LAWS!
#Disgraceful , #despicable , #deplorable , #disingenuous , #disloyal , #disappointing , did I miss one?????????? 
Yes, you did miss one....#AMAZING!
How many DACA participants became citizens? How many actually have had the chance but refuse to because of disqualification of free stuff?
Free stuff? Show proof.
Do your part @PattyMurray and legally establish a route for those living in America illegally. @POTUS is handing you your problem. Fix it.
It was disgraceful for Obama to bypass Congress and start DACA without Congressional approval. POTUS is going to fix that disgrace.
All I want to say is Fuck Donald Trump aayyee
All's I want to say is right back at you!
All's? Lol okay 
Could u b just a little more negative? 
But ripping babies out of wombs is OK with you.
Amen! Keep on
And you have nothing about it. You lazy politician.
Trump wants Congress to fix the problem.  You work for Congress! Help middle class America.
Please do not let them end #DACA . What is your plan to help DREAMrs?
None, they're already here illegally. Dream at home in Mexico and make Mexico great in their own way
Ana Ramirez - Hometown Girl from #Omak needs your help NOW
@wademocrat2016 Please share our local hometown girl from Omak, Ana Ramirez's (@IxtlixochitlAna) DACA story https://wearemitu.com/things-that-matter/undocumented-student-won-a-student-government-election-but-the-university-took-it-away-from-her/ …
Illegal executive order by Obama!
Senator the #ExecutiveOrder was UN-constitutional what the President has done is give it back to YOU to explain to your constituents & pass
Oh bullshit! If they are all so special, then why can't they go back and fix their own Country?
It's time to vote Patty out of office. She does not care about nobody except for her self. If they leave look at the jobs will open up
Please fight @realDonaldTrump attempt to stop DACA.  He is an author of chaos and hate. #SaveDACA #RESIST #ImpeachTrumpNow
Congress needs to make it law
Dont blame President Trump dope, Obama started this mess!
Why don't you represent the legal residents of WA who support LEGAL immigration?  That is not hateful it is just responsible leadership.
Wow that sounds a lot like what happened  to the the middle  class
Putting the ball back in Congress's court.  Where it should have been handled and decisions made long ago.
Blame the person who started it then.  Weak senator, when you became one you PROMISED to follow the laws of the land. #DACA
Tie DACA Bill to Harvey Aid ?? Or debt ceiling?
Is DACA why @TheDemocrats covertly dispersed all of those unaccompanied minors into our country?
Exactly why
He is one of the deplorables.
You mean it would rip away your cheap labor and hurt your friend's pockets. How about you folks do something constructive for once?
Support Americans instead of everyone else who fills your pockets.
Is any issue ever reviewed and analyized by you dems from a non political point of view. Disgraceful.
No he's NOT!!! You need to resign and get out of government!
The @POTUS can't create a "legal status". That requires a law. What you are supposed to do.
Not upholding the constitution you swore an oath to is disgraceful!!
End daca
We need jobs for Americans . End Dax's
He's not "President Trump." he's "president" Trump. @realDonaldTrump is #NotMyPresident and I wish you'd hurry up and remove him from office
Love instead of war or sanctions
Or deportations
India-China border war successfully resolved but UN secretary still usurping her position to scapegoat Chinese American peace loving patriot
Let's work on passing laws on DACA and resolve  fraudulently  obtained bystanders  sanctions  without personal  vendetta
he is a racist,  can't you stop him based on discrimination.
Then do something about it
... and what ever happened to conservative support for "family values" Oh that's right, hate got in the way.
For real Americans. Those Americans will not vote for a Democrat because they won't owe they party that wants them on welfare.
How about you do your job? Not Trump's fault congress cannot get its act together to pass legislation.
Yes, I support DACA.
You forgot to mention how this would negatively impact your fraudulent voter base.  #EndDACA #MAGA
Trump is making the hard choices you have never made. It seems you want #daca just for the votes. You FAIL at leadership. Just resign.
Shut up
then do your job and pass legislation
Patty it is obvious where your loyalty lies and it's not with the American people. U are more concerned about illegals than We the People.
Easy you send them all back together and have them get in line like everyone else has to it's a slap in face to ppl who came here legally
this would be awful!
Will you cosponsor S1615 Dream Act in light of Trump's expected decision to end DACA?
Another politician insulting voters with hysterics and scare tactics. DACA didn't exist AT ALL until 5 years ago.
Ending the program does not involve those who are already in it!
Nicely put
Amen to that
Ending daca will do wonders for citizens of this country.
Cruel, just cruel
How about you all balance the budget for our children's dreams. Before  DACA.
It's upholding the rule of law! Come here legally!
Signing a piece of paper is not leading. Did you vote for this? No, because there wasn't one.
We're not ripping families apart. They can all be deported together!
Worthless Patty. Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
Lady - you are condoning something illegal. He is the law & order President. He was voted in for exactly what he is doing!
It is leadership. Trump was elected to get rid of illegals. That is what he is doing.they do not have a right to be here.
o it won't. They can go home together.
DACA is just another scam for voter fraud.
Trump is doing what he said he would do with #DACA!  Now it's in Congress hands.  Fix it or Trump changes it.  Dems to blame for all of it!
Time for Congress to come up with a viable alternative...maybe talk to some of your GOP colleagues you call your friends!
@realDonaldTrump @SenMcConnell is not your friend! #stopRACISM #keepDACA if you want to #MAGA. You two Make America "Grate" Again!
It's disgraceful when a senator ignores immigration laws.
Unconstitutional from the get go. Supporting it makes you look foolish
Typical democrat politician. 
Criminals before American citizens.
You are very much misinformed on DACA.  These are people who are NOT criminals.  If they do anything criminal, they are kicked out.
They are here illegally. 
Cut the liberal "sneak" terms!
They are here because of their parents.  There were no sneak terms in what I said.  Only in your mind.
Then pass a law, dopey.
He will end it and allow Congress to do their job and pass immigration reform DACA isn't law
#EndDACAnow It is criminal,not a law and disgraceful to Legal Americans! They have had plenty of time to apply for citizenship! Party over
what's disgraceful is how you would love to break up these families to build up your party
If this has been so important to you, why haven't you been spearheading legislation to make it permanent? Just an potshot opportunity.
You've had years to fix it.. now you have 6 months.. Get off twitter and do your job!
Why would it rip apart families, Parents go home & take the kids with them. They stay together as a family & help their country be GREAT.
No. #DACA itself split families of LEGAL IMMIGRANTS by stranding visa applicants abroad while USCIS processed illegal aliens first! Disgrace
Ur compassion 4 illegal aliens over American dreamers shows a profound lack of patriotism and constitutional awareness.
Rip apart families? This isn't the DDR. No landmines to keep people in. They are absolutely free to move out with the illegals.
Absolutely right.  Keep working hard to #DefendDACA. Thank you!
#EndDACA  It’s people like you Senator Murray standing in the way of a great America! Hope you get voted out
Blame Obama and yourselves he signed the EO promising Dreamers amnesty and the Democrats approved it knowing it was unconstitutional.
U'll be sponsoring universal exemption to ALL laws forparents; excusing them for any/all offenses, no? Don't want to break up families...
Hell, lets ALL just start breaking laws in record numbers, lets just have total anarchy & chaos!
Okay, the kids can stay but cannot be anchors. Parents who broke our laws are gone
I guess upholding the law of the land is now disgraceful just like worrying more about illegals than our citizens is graceful.


U were sworn in to uphold the constitution. DACA is unconstitutional. So U have a duty to America to #EndDACA or U will be voted out.
Pandering  for illegal votes again
What happens when someone is here illegally? The law says they will be deported. As a law maker, you should uphold the law! 2 FACED?
So, what do your constituents say? Are you talking for them or are you padding your pockets?
Some of these dreamers have had 15-20 years to make it right & get their citizenship. But then the freebies go away, so why do it, right??
Why didn't Obama puy measures in place to protect children of illegals for life? Why make the order revokable at all?
Ending the unconstitutional DACA is the right thing to do. Pass a law, the Constitution demands it.
What does the law say about illegals.  Don't let your emotions get the best of you.  Control your emotions.
Analysis: FALSE
You dont put the word illegal in your statement or do think breaking our laws is acceptable
Is there nothing that you won't do or say for votes? This is a nation of laws, not executive orders. Get off your butt & pass legislation!
Wow, now how can she pass legislation that isn't before her? And whose problem is that?  Huh Cow?  Let me remind you, that it comes from
the House of Representatives....they have been on summer break.  Until they come from the House, she can state her position any way she
END #DACA now and put the $$ towards our H/C and educational system of #AmericanKidsHaveDreamsToo !
Murray, your a sell out ! #AmericaFirst
IT's UNCONSTITUTIONAL Patty, you know this.  All you are doing to political pandering. Ignoring our laws is DISGRACEFUL! Change the laws!
It’s the job of congress to pass laws stop blaming others and do your friggin’ job
And immoral. Not what America stands for
They illegally came here! Stop allowing/promoting people to come to here illegally! Do your job and protect us.
But the false messiah FRAUD Obama said it was ok in a "memo" so they think it's law. SCREW OFF Patty!
It is disgraceful to make a promise and then turn that promise against people. Thanks for supporting DACA.
And given his utter contempt for laws, does anyone think HE would follow any rules whatsoever if he were an immigrant himself?
The irony, since DACA is unconstitutional and yet you support it while saying he doesn't follow laws. Some crazy irony there.
Having illegals here taking millions back gone to Mexico to pay ransom is disgraceful. America doesn't deal with terrorists, we eliminate em
DACA hurts LEGAL immigration as much as it hurts Americans anyone for it knows this and they hate both or don't care they're for cheap labor
That is not what is happening; it is going to Congress where it always belonged
It's corporate exploitation. Why do you support that?
Thank you.
He is never equal to leadership!
Hardworking families? So illegals are working here illegally? Do laws matter at all?
But up holding breaking the laws of a sovereign country is okay? #DACA would not have been created if #Congress had done their job.
Blaming the president for enforcing immigration law and calling it disgraceful is PC spin at its best.
Next time don't back a president that tries to circumvent the law for the sole purpose of gaining liberal votes. #GameOver
My parents came here legally and waited the process and our family is not torn apart. DACA ENCOURAGES illegal immigration. #EndDACAnow
They're here illegally. What part of that is hard to grasp? #FactsDontCareAboutYourFeelings
We all know immigration laws are written and voted on by Congress
Democrats came enforce the law they create anyways, why make more?
What's disgraceful is that this was allowed to go on for so long. Out of control and now it's gonna hurt, but it has to happen.
you are the one who is disgraceful. you seem to think more of them then the American people
U support illegal activity? So why haven't we seen your bill on making it law? All you people do is complain. it's disgraceful.
False. The whole family is illegal, so they would be deported as a unit.
My father & grandfather both went to prison for breaking the law, ripping apart 2 families. Why should illegal aliens be treated differently
Criminal's go too prison every day, families are torn apart across America. Why should these criminals be treated differently ?
Oh, oh Democrats in Congress may have to go to work and pass some laws protecting dreamers. Patty may have to actually do something. Oh my
Work to pass S 1615 to #DefendDACA!
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 "The congress shall have power to establish an uniform Rule of naturalization" Congress not Obama,its illegal
If your gonna be a senator know how the constitution and how this country works cause its blatently apparent you do not,your disgraceful

Our President doesn't care unless it affects him or his businesses
Agreed. How do we stop him?
Don't break up those poor families!! Send the whole family back to Mexico!  There problem solved senator!!
Disgraceful?  It's the law.  Come legally or get sent back.
If I recall, Obama made this law to get more votes. History will show who was disgraceful unless Dems erase it like slavery.
Habari madam pole na majukumu ya ujenzi wa taifa  karibu mwanza Tanzania the rock city
It's disgraceful that you think people don't have to follow the law like everybody else!!! Why don't they have to go through process??
It will be just as disgraceful if Congress can't pass a law within six months to save DACA.
Oh, I forgot, people can only care about one thing, and one thing only.
Brought to a country as a baby, grow up in said country, which is "their own country?" the one they grew up in, or the one of their parents?
Many of them have never see the other country, nor speak the language.
Patti cakes is on another Democrat voter drive.
But you were cool with DACA ripping apart families when enacted?
#deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS #deplorablePOTUS
It is cruel.  Cruelty is a @realdonaldtrump specialty.  We certainly expect no less.
Following the law is cruel?  Liberals are a special group of interesting people, I'll give you that.  Change the laws if you don't like them
There's no reason those families can't stay together if they're sent back they'll be staying together!
Who is stopped families from leaving together?
Meanwhile out legal citizens suffer from highest cost of Obama care ! Get real
I stand with you @PattyMurray to #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #DACA
Patty your disgraceful for being a Senator of the US and not defending the laws of this country and turning your back on the American people
#Trump is psychologically unable to lead anything. All #DACA decisions are made because he hates.  #Evil #Unstable #illegitimatePresident

I know right, ITS AWESOME!!!

#AmericanKidsHaveDreamsToo
GET ILLEGALS OUT OF THE COUNTRY SIMPLE AS THAT
Cry me a river and I'll give them all a raft to float back on #Foreignnightmares
You need to get your priorities right. What country do you work for
So as far as This Texan is concerned you and the rest of Congress is a disgrace and a huge disappointment especially after the last 8 years!
pass a law that says the dreamers MUST  stay and continue to pay their taxes our economy and community benefits with them here
What was disgraceful was Barry Hussain's scant regard for the Constitution and the rule of law. President Trump is right to enforce our laws
At other people! But then it's not helping benefit yourself or other Congressional members, so nothing will be done about it!!
