His actions to build a costly wall, target hard-working families & burden cities won’t address complexities of the issue & could set us back
This Admin & Rs in Congress need to work w/ Dems on comprehensive immigration reform that works for everyone & the security of our country.
no they dont. You lost!
SAD little man..with morals like that I bet you didn't get out of grade school..
still suffering from your election night buthurt? Your Trump Derangement Syndrome will pass. Try crying it out! Hehe
What the hell does butthurt even mean? Ahh forget it..
I forgot I'm talking to a trumptard...Never mind...
Here you go... bawahaaaaaa... oh ya! PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP!!!!! ;-)
he is OUR president.  Get over it!!
yet you support republican bills
He is doing what he said he would. This is why he was elected - people were ready for a change.
America is in terrible danger, yet you keep voting for his cabinet appointees.  Sad.
thank you for speaking up. Resist tyranny.
Congress must know by know that Trump is mentally unstable and must rally to protect America.
"know by now"
Deeply disappointing, but not surprising, to see lawmakers accept clear lawlessness and disregard for the constitution, @PattyMurray #resist
nearly as disheartening as seeing 13 of our own @TheDemocrats vote against affordable medications. We don't forget or forgive.
Thank you for doing all you can to #resist
But yet the Democratics are just running their mouths and still voting w/ Republicans. No courage.
Fight the hate, prejudice against muslims and wasteful spending on a border wall Please! Thank you Sen Murray! #TheResistance
We voted 4 you 2 vote 4 us-quite clear that we find 0 cabinet nominees acceptable-Vote NO. #lockstepdems
Be sure that you vote NO on remaining Nominees. Could list them all off but they all are unqualified unethical & unacceptable
Then why are you voting for his Nazi appointees???
What is the plan to deal with it? We need to see some action and actual responses from the Dems beyond saying they are upset.
He is doing what he said he would.. Very scary.
#Whatareyoudoing
Time to trade in your sneakers for some serious stilletos...no more nice Dems please! #ResistTrump
the majority support those fighting 4 us, get trump out, we are scared
Disappointing indeed! Please fight along with other Dems to ensure he doesn't get away with this baloney!
Keep at it, @PattyMurray, please resist them at every opportunity.
Dissapointed someone is standing up 4 the majority of the American people, or just jealous that someone decided 2 do ur job 4 u
Don't give in. Fight for us.
what's the best way for your constituents to help the cause? We're ready to fight and we need hope.
Thank you for your continuing vigilance. I am a concerned constituent.
stop confirming his cabinet selections!!!
I am one of your constituents, please fight everything this idiot does!
Then why did you confirm the electoral college votes despite the concerns about their validity?Why didn't you back house Dems?
So what are @TheDemocrats doing / planning to stop him or show him down? Give us a sliver of hope.
Deeply disturbed man. America may never recover.
Senator we are counting on you and @SenatorCantwell to stand up for us. Keep going! We've got your back here at home.
god help us all
@PalmerReport RESIST.
tell us what to do Senator Murray. This must be stopped!
@Larramarr1980 
Don't just talk, do something!
We need you now more than ever. Keep the faith and let us know what we can do to help!
What are you doing about Senator?
@vistachick79 I don't get it. D's should be beyond "disappointment". Trump has taken your lunch $$ & you don't know it. #resist
@TheDemocrats  have to fight back and expose that maniac. Tired of losing. 2014 and 2016
Then please get your colleagues to START STANDING AGAINST THIS DESPOT. Before he starts a war. And terror attacks. please.
So what are you going to do? Enough with the judgement- anyone can do that- what is your plan to take action?
So when do we Impeach him?
the @GOP is dead, the AFP has taken its place
We elected you 2 fight for us. Too many terrible topics 2 even start to cover. You must stop this monster & cronies. #resist
@ijefff She is the traitor that voted against the Canadian Pharmacy Bill last week. Vote her out of office!
Please stop voting for his cabinet picks! RESIST
Half a dozen people worldwide will b in great shape at end of Trump Admin. For everyone else-hmmmm-not so much. Bad days ahead
no more appeasement. T***p is endangering our lives and freedoms. Only across the aisle work I want to see is impeachment.
do something to stop these #Revenge orders and #ManTantrums @realDonaldTrump keeps having!!!!
We must stop this fascist  fake president
Fascism like socialism is an economic system favored by Sen Murray not @POTUS
benedict donald favors any system that makes him richer 
he is a monster
Those Senate offices have big barriers that come out of the ground and many police with weapons protecting you. Hypocrite.
@PinotYouDidnt nope, not surprising at all, the signs were there all along, but he was given a free pass because "the emails"
#unitedwestand #save our democracy #resist #impeach the #trumpregime http://www.revote.info/ 
The nice lady lost.......DEMS stop being so damn nice and kick some butt.
You want open borders,@PattyMurray, so leave your door unlocked tonight and I'll be there with my family for dinner forever
Fight this man every step of the way.
keep up the good fight! don't budge not one inch!
Senator, they are going to be decisive no matter what.  Please find the spine and FIGHT BACK.
be strong & FIGHT whenever American values are under attack - we support you when you FIGHT #indivisible #WomensMarch
You mean keeping the promises for which he was elected? Partisan obstructionism is beneath your office. That's dissappointing!
Keep fighting! We are behind you and other #Democrats, battling the attempts at authoritarianism. #resist #resistTrump
The gag orders, exec orders and dangerous decisions are alarming. Disturbing. It will draw us to #resist together.
By enforcing laws?
trump needs to be impeached right now
Stop tweeting.  Get on the floor of the Senate and demand action against Trump NOW.
TAXES.
As a voting citizen of WA State I ask you to please keep fighting!
it's not just divisive rhetoric. Our country is in jeopardy.
I agree, @PattyMurray; now how are you going to fight back?
: endorsing people like @nikkihaley does not make me believe you're in this fight with the rest of us. Please, #resist
