Thank you. Vote no on remaining nominees!
I am appalled by the Billionaire Boys Club mentality. Public service means serve the public - 130 million of us.
Rightly Said!
#persist #resist
We could do with less millionaire Senators as well!
you are my new hero. So grateful to have you.  Keep up the great work!
Thank you
We no longer will accept yall playing us so what he is a billionaire what does that have to do with the price of tea in china
Tax cuts will boost the economy and that helps us in the inner city better economy more jobs & better jobs #SobyeFelicia
Tax cuts will not do what you think. They usually backfire and benefit only the wealthy. Please research this.
Taxes should be cut for billionaires too, punishing them for what they have accomplished is hateful & wrong!!!
You mean what they have accomplished on OUR backs?! Yeah. Okay 
We honor our ancestors by allowing love in not blame or acting like others  owe us cause they don't !
Sorry. Someone has to protect me and my rights as well. Rich get richer and run the rest of us over. #getReal
Being paranoid is not a good look no one's out to get us I checked the closet   Trump agenda includes blacks.
who cares? I am done with you after your vote for big pharma ..
you vote NO on everything that's not a Democrat. I'm still trying to figure out what ur doing in office - collecting pay check
Everyone needs to see the story Rachel Maddou has on Wilbur Ross. Prove it false or admit this is corruption on steroids.
thank you! what the heck is wrong with the  20 dems who voted for the guy? Thank you for being WITH THE PEOPLE on this one.
Pathological Liar!
do you want losers in the cabinet? How about some with proven success??Gee there is an idea.
Thanks, Patty,for opposing Ross of Commerce Sec.
but you take your pay. Don't you
Hillary Clinton said in her speech at Goldman Sachs she had her public stance and her private stance, please quit dividing us!
@realDonaldTrump Of course you did.  Obstruction is the only thing you and the DEMS have to make you feel relevant.  Sillies.
you take money from Soros
thank you.  Now when will you be here for some town halls?  We want to see you!
PLEASE investigate & start speaking up about #TrumpRussia like @DarrellIssa !!! 
#TrumpDossier 
#TrumpLeaks
First we need evidence of wrong doing and then we Investigate!
And who's vice chairman of Bank of Cyprus, which launders Russian mob + oligarch money.
Thank you for continuing to vote this way! We are counting on you to fight this agenda! Can we work on Clean Water??
Thank you Senator Murray!
Thank you!
You class envy argument is tired.  Why don't you do something Good for the USA Today?  You're very mean spirited.
thank you. Hope you've seen the @maddow segment.
Term limits is what is most needed to help the people of this country!
Thank you, Senator. Re. Bannon's stated WHAdmin goals, a NO vote to EVERY candidate is in order. #DONTDismantleUSDemocracy
and yet another with Russian connections....
Thank you.
Did you see Rachel Maddow's piece on the Russian connection?
Thank you!
Thank you! Please keep voting NO on all #SwampCabinet appointees. I am a constituent and a voter.
good start do more please
thanks for standing up for Americans!
You go girl!
he has ties to Rusdia, too
Thank you for the no vote! We do not need big Russian $ near the cabinet. Now that he is there, watch him closely.
How many have you voted yes on?
Thanks for your vote. Did the Senate know about Ross's Russian connection with Trump?
I wish we could have stopped Pruitt. The damage he will do is irreparable
#StayWoke  @heverwood
Thank you, @PattyMurray. #GratefulForYourLeadership
Thank you.
More gratitude for your level-headedness, perseverance and leadership.
#losing
thank you. Please keep it up with Zinke. He is less bad, maybe, but still, hold the line.
thank you
thank you for standing up for the people you represent
Thank you! Please do not back down on the bipartisan #TrumpRussia investigation. We must get the details & taxes for democracy.
Of course you did, it was to be expected.
And there is that Russian thing
Rachel Maddox tonite...Ross' ties to Russia. Tillerson and trump too. Investigate them all.
Why do these Putin allies keep getting voted thru? At what point do the regular people of the USA matter? Why don't you answer?
Thanks! Too bad your Senate peers care more about billionaires than the people who do the work in America. Keep fighting!
you voted for Big Pharma didn't ya ? We won't forget. I will support any non corporate owned candidate that wants 2 primary
the millionaire that wont vote for the billionaire u have such high morals not
THANK YOU!!!
Ross' ties to Cyrpus and Russia are well documented. This is ridiculous. Where does it stop?
thank you 
Thanks for doing your part! Keep on them Senator! #SoCalledPresident
Thank You!
thank you for all you are doing to stand up to what is happening in DC.
That ally is not the DNC. I can promise you that. #Independent
thank you!
Thank you!!
Thank you for the support Senator.
thank you for all your hard work.
@DonnaThorson good His Russian ties are frightening
Now root out $$ entanglements Ross to Trump to Cyprus Bank to Russia to Putin! And stop this madness! #followthemoneytoputin
hmm?  I thought as 'Commerce Secretary' being a successful business person is crucial.
And whose main job has been laundering money for the Russians through his Cypriot Bank.
terrific but he is also biggest investor in Cypress bank which launders money for Russian Oligarchs.  #resist #putinspuppets
And who is the primary shareholder in a Cyprus bank known to launder #Russia money...
Good move Patty
And what say you about the anti-Semitic graffiti and JCC bomb scare in Seattle today?
Thank you. I did check to see how my WA Senators voted. There are so many nominees with conflicts. Outrageous & unjust. #resist
Thank you Senator Murray!  Wilbur Ross is just another of Trump's ties to Russia. #RESIST
I trust your judgement, if he were right you have voted for  him. Thank you for being correct and fair to all including him. ;)
Thank goodness. I stand by you and so do my friends. Thank you for standing for US. You have been noticed Sen. Murray. ;)
Good for you! Hang in there....You're doing a great job!
Thank you for fighting for us.
Should we get some guy who works nights at Walmart with $220 in his sock drawer to do the job? Virtue signal much? 
thank you senator. Please keep shining a light on trump and his cronies.
Thank you for voting against Ross and supporting the people instead of billionaires.
well I guess you lost, too bad, bahahaha!!!!!
you seem to vote in the losing side a lot
Watch The Rachel Maddow show tonight.  Will Ross remain as Vice Chair of Bank of Cyprus? Trump connection to Russian money!
Thank you, Senator Murray.
Thank you! Stay strong we got your back! Fighting for America that we love!!
thank you. Keep fighting for us!
Why I'm so proud you're my Senator. Thank you.
Not to mention it looks like he has big time $$$ ties with Trump / Russians.
Thank you - that's one reason I'm proud you represent WA. Good luck fighting the good fight :) Many of us have your back
And ties to Russia again! Thank you Patty for doing the right thing
Thank you Senator Murray.  Were Ross' ties to Russia explored?
Thank you Senator Murray!
That's his "first" priority? Never said that Senator...Fake news. Get to work, do your job, stop whining, pandering. #Painful
We are so fortunate to have Senator Murray fighting for Washington.
Respectfully disagree. Totally.
And he's connected to the Russians.
Thank you Senator!
Great but ... focus on what really matters. Amendment 25, Section 4. http://on.msnbc.com/2mmZ4VT    PLEASE.
What really matters is Russia.
True. But because of his NPD and psychopathy, he poses an immediate threat to national security. To the world.
.@PattyMurray thank you, Senator.
I am one of your constituents. Thank you.
TY. Now louder. Longer and more often. Please.
#Trumprussia and connections to Putin. E Warren great on CSPAN GOP R traitors
@maddow Thanks for tying the connection to Bank of Cypress & Trump & Ross!#followthemoney
Thank you @PattyMurray for voting NO!
#resist #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
why are you racist against Russians?
