No one needs something like this. There is absolutely no logical reason a civilian would ever need one.
I agree

I don't know anyone that died from an abortion.
... I don't know anyone that got shot by a gun...
I do.
We need strong gun control. If we have to take shoes off to fly and can only have an oz of liquid we can control guns.
You would need to outlaw rocks, wood, and metal also as these are all murder weapons
Guns dont kill people, people kill people!
It's not the tools.. it's the components those tools make.. I'd say anything that force multiplies a semiautomatic should be outlawed..
Why haven't you said anything about the legal explosives in his car? Oh that's right because they are illegal.
How many people die from car explosions?
The point is they are explosives but just because they weren't used nobody talks about them? Newsflash criminals don't give a shit.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR2HR
A determined evil person could fabricate their own automatic weapon. Murder is illegal and yet does that stop killers from killing? No.
Why did Obama endorse this equipment  that turns guns  into auto rifles
They AREN'T illegal, just difficult to get because of NFA regulations and expensive. BATFE says bumps are legal!
Thank you Senator. The bump-stock devices are a clear and present danger to us all.

Please vote NO on open-carry reciprocity also. Residents of each state should have a say about their daily exposure to guns and bullets. This law just forces extreme position on us all.
Madame, that is already the case.

What you want is to restrict a device that helps operator pull the trigger of a semiauto very rapidly.
Are you a Senator or a chainletter? Do your job or resign. Obama allowed bump stocks & Republicans & NRA both say that was stupid.
Agreed and Retweeted.
I SURE DO Patty
CUD U PLEZ HAVE UR ASSISTANT LOOK 4 MY MUSTANG PROPOSAL I SENT A MONTH AGO AS REQUESTED
STIL CAN'T FIND&
OURR GONA B KILLED
nobody needs automatic weapons with 599 rounds to protect themselves unless they are members of the freaking mafia. Change gun laws now!
P Murray turning WA into a if U have i will take it & give it who i want 2 have it state   Oath of office be damned
Maybe we ought to decide who gets on Twitter, too? Right! Glenn?
This country was founded on the Rights of the 1  Not the many  DO U have a problem with that ?
The real student of the law I see. NOT! THE GREATER GOOD ALWAYS PREVAILS. EVEN FOR NIHILISTS LIKE YOU.
When the Rights of the 1 R respected & enforced the greater good is achived
Utter Horseshit!
The greater good is each being free 2 follow their own dreams not 2 B a beast of burden 2 pay 4 others

Yea. Try telling that to the THUGS.
So, people that can do it are illegal ? :O
We Democrats are COWARDS for chasing the LEAST POSSIBLE 
Instead of an Assault Weapons and Semi Auto Handgun BAN 
NO MORE Weapons of WAR
You can DIY a bump stock. Banning them won't help
Bump stocks do not make a gun fully automatic. They were developed for the disabled. Do you want to violate The ADA as well as Amendment II?
Well if the NRA is already saying they agree to tighter restrictions, gives you pause for thought.
So...a screw driver?
Be truthful, Pat, you would like to make all guns illegal.
start but not end
Let the morons buy them then make possession illegal...  Confiscating entire weapon
Shall. Not. Be. Infringed. Our rights are inherent, God given rights. Our constitution protects this. YOU have a sworn duty to adhere to it
Like what? Ban, regulate and track any items/ materials that can be used to rig a gun? Make a bomb? Use a car as a weapon? GMAB!
At least a couple of Repubs might have a brain.  The others clearly have been inhaling too much gunpowder.
Obama admin approved this bump fire!! Not fully automatic! If banned it still would not have stopped this!! Get a clue!
Let us know when you find one of those tools on the market.
Bump stocks mimic not duplicate the automatic rate of fire. Less rounds...so take that into consideration when listening to automatic fire.
Thank you! I totally agree!
Yep & theNRA has made a statement to that effect.
You know the belt I'm wearing can be used as what you called "tool" to make a auto. DUMMY
I mean that seems obvious. Sad it has to be said. Let's follow Australia's lead on this.  Ban guns now!!!
Australia has no bill of rights. It was a confiscation program. #ComeAndTakeIt
From my Cold Dead Hands!!
A bump stock doesn't make a rifle full auto,I can achieve the same effect as one by hooking my thumb in a belt loop
That would include every machine shop in America, senator. It takes me about an hour to machine a weapon for full auto.
Senator, I finally found something you said I agree with! Too bad President Obama approved those tools in 2010, should be illegal.
They shouldn't be illegal.
See 2nd Amendment.
Shall not be infringed.
Thank you
RT x 10000. Thank you for continuing to fight for health and safety.
This is the “Tool” that made the weapons fully auto. You will never completely get rid of them.
If fully automatic weapons are illegal for us, they should be illegal for you, too. You gave the military $700 billion.
Better ban 3-d printers too. 
Small/easy response to the shooting, more needs to be done
Focus on capability, not specific tech.  e.g. limit sustained rate of fire > 30/min for no more than 10 successive rounds. Effective!
Allowing these devices is aiding and abetting breaking the law. 
Agree 100%  It's a step in the right direction.  Make automatic and semi-automatic weapons illegal too. They were developed to kill people.
tools that make cars go over 75mph should be illegal, 30k die in car accidents every year, see how dumb that sounds
Since NRA. Many reps & dems are saying this.  Can we say there is a little progress?
Too bad you are misinformed, fully auto firearms are NOT ILLEGAL, they are regulated by the BATF for a price, the gov condones for a price
This dude right here is correct. $200 tax stamp and a truckload of cash isn't illegal, just monetarily prohibitive. #LEGALIZEMACHINEGUNS!
Please make sure binary trigger systems are illegal as well....
Obama disagreed, allowed their sale in 2010
You didn't even know what a bump stock was till now
Doesn't make the fully auto. You really know squat eh?
Semi-auto should be outlawed as well. Military use only for weapons like this.
Actually not true,no military uses an AR-15,round is basically a .22 and it's not full auto or select fire
The hell with a gun ban let's ban the caliber of bullets they take so even if they get one they can't shot it #GunControl  #LasVegasShooting
Dang it senator Patty Murray stop it!  Your thinking too much I wish I had kids I'd cook them dinner.
Shall not be infringed.
Yes !
WTF IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN? OH, WAITE, THE TABLECLOTH RAINS HIGH UP!
RT If you think @PattyMurray should be in #Obamacare like the rest of Americans.
Um... Congress gets their insurance through an ACA health exchange in DC...
Wrong
