The answer is No.
Could they ever?
She is trying to break down our Public School education. Charter schools no . Supervision . She loves that. Money, money she bought the job
Thank you for keeping on her Patty
#CruellaDeVos is so incompetent & in such a vital position. It's frightening.
You can depend that #BetsyDeVos will put all looting first.
A snake posed as an educator.  #BetsyDeVos  #studentloans
There's a special Christian Karma storm for those who harm children. And 4 those who refuse to help the poor. evil #BetsyDeVos #SavePublicEd
and her brother #EricPrince under FBI inv.  #ChristianDominionists
Do they cross out the lines in the Bible 
'you cannot serve 2 masters, both God & money'
'whatever u do 2 the least of them, u do 2 me' ??
#Rimshot
is it just me, or does anyone else read her handle as a verb: dude, your whole school's been betsydevosed.
Not remotely.
No, she is anti Public schools. She bought her position. She is a witch.
A witch with a capital "B"!
No they cannot. Students success or failure will rest in the fate of which state/county they are educated in. Poor will remain poor.
That's exactly what the elite prefer. The poor uneducated, because knowledge really is strength.
She is unqualified. I am a student trying to earn a degree to become qualified for a career. She bought herself into her career. #Resist
Yes
Hell no...
DeVos got the job because her and her family donated $200 million to the Republican party including a few who helped her with nomination SAD
Never depend on a liar!
Yes, but she has a huge liberal mess to clean up give her time
She bought her appointment so, honor is not in her wheelhouse
They can count on her to decide their future by their parents $$$$
we cannot depend on any of the people trump gave un needed jobs to.
@SenateDems @BetsyDeVosED we know we can't trust party Murray!
We definitely cannot.
Isnt that a good thing??
Nope!
No
No
NO.
Please Sen. Murray, make a statement on TW to share YOUR thoughts about the actions of Ms. DeVos. We need leaders to address this!
Of course she is. She's not diff than trump. Probably putting $$ in her pocket too
This should not be a surprise.  Your job is to prevent her from stealing our kids future through public education.
@girlsreallyrule @BetsyDeVosED Why ask a question when you know the answer. Make a damn statement! Stand for something!
No. The answer is an emphatic no.
No. Fire her!
Her own ability to think can't depend on her.
No one, especially our students, can depend on her.
Absolutely not. She doesn't even believe in evolution.
No. How could she when she has no clue what she's doing. You and @SenWarren keep at her about this,  she's appallingly unqualified. 
Not for a second.
One thing we can depend on Patty is you making idiotic statements. Please stop "working" for the state of Washington. please. Don't need u
as my Professors used to say, No More Passive Voice!
Of course they can't! Did u ever think for a second that she had the interests of public school kids in mind? If so, give yer head a shake!
This entire administrations a joke. We'll look back & laugh I hope. I'm preparig my family 4 depression. I don't trust any of them we'll eat
No.
No they cannot! DeVos is unfit!
Senator u did a good job trying to get a straight answer out of her!
We should not have been surprised. She has no experience dealing with anything related to education.
No
No, of course not.
No.
NO
Oh ya as much as we can rely on Trump
The DemonRats have backed away $20 trillion times !!!
What does that mean tho? She decided to arm the bears now instead?
@SenateDems @BetsyDeVosED NO they can't.
Betsy DeVos and her vision of voucher driven school segregation needs to be fought!  She is the swamp.
Absolutely not. Ask ANYONE in Michigan about this woman. Worst choice for taxpayers children. A high school dropout would do a better job.
And look at all the teachers tweeting below b/c they HAVE TO COMPETE!

COMPETE FOR OUR KIDS EDUCATION!!!...gO dEVOS!
The ED. SYSTEM is busted! We can no longer rely on YOU and your failed liberal progressive agenda that has been hurting public school in WA
Of cause not! That bitch doesn't give a shit! She's proved that and she doesn't know her ABCs !
No. She's wholly unqualified and bought her way into the job. And she's a human dumpster fire.
No!  Again, they told us up front- GOP agenda is to dismantle every program that helps people, and wrap it in the state's can do it excuse
#voteNO on this bs education. #SaveOurSchools #educationmatters thx @PattyMurray Washingtonians #standtogether #RISETOGETHER #RESIST
That's a hard, firm "no".
I can't even afford meds to deal with this @BetsyDeVosED s*it because you voted against lower Rx pricing.
No!
It must be her Christian upbringing no?
No they can't.  Why does this admin want to dumb us down?
no
Everyone confirmed lied 
#Sessions
#DeVos
#Tiilerson 
Our Democracy pretty weak considering Putin installed Trump and cabinet of friendlies
No. Our final answer.
The only thing she is for, is lining her pockets with money.
u can depend on her like u can depen on him
The entire administration has backed away from commitments why expect anything different from @BetsyDeVosED
Categorically, no. She is as unqualified now as she was then. She knows nothing about Education.
No. don't think so
great job today Senator!
Is that a rhetorical question?
No
Can any one  depend on you or Dems ? NO  stop with the hate wagon. Anti Americans now we find out who yous really are and been.
Give back the $475000 in Pharma Money you took. #FakeLeader
I don't even think there's a point to that question.  This whole administration cares only about white straight males and money that's it
That answer is simple: NO!!!!!
she's determined to destroy public education for her own right wing bigoted policies. #shameonyou
Actually, #FollowtheMoney . DeVos owns interest in charter schools.
No
Emphatically no.
Please, Patty.  Your party is a mess. Lawbreakers like #RealityLeighWinner and AntiFa are Left wing nutjobs. They're all yours.
She should have never been confirmed. Rich, white and has no allegiance except to . Our future is bleak.
No No No !!
Maybe she can get a handle on the thugs at evergreen university in Washington
They sure cannot depend on the Dems.
Can we depend on you to stop here???????  That is the question!
No they cannot
Ask her:
will our students start being taught to read, do simple math, understand history as they were before forced PC indoctrination?
Simply, no.
QUESTIONS FOR MURRAY: WHY DON'T YOU HELP WASHINGTONIANS BY REDUCING OUR TAXES? WHY DON'T YOU, CANTWELL AND INSLEE WORK FOR US?
Can our students depend on @BetsyDeVosED? You got jokes, huh Patty?
That's a fat no - she only cares about homeschooling for rich white kids
I wouldn't let her tie my shoes!!!
Thank you for asking questions your constituents have on their minds. She's not a good fit for the job - the future needs educated kids.
How is model of charter schools & vouchers sustainable? What measures will she use for success? How will she be accountable to stakeholders?
no skin in the game
Bigger question is why cant we depend on you unless were thinking who takes lots of money from big pharma!
Will she stand up for all students and provide equitable and quality education? Will she support teachers who are underpaid?
Obviously not.
In a word:  no.
No, don't think so!
No. Students, teachers, all that work in education cannot rely on her.
Nope.
She is new and learning, give her a chance. Unlike you who has a record of failure, as your a party hack.
i'm a trump voter, if u listen to her she is not for education at all. No for Betsy
.@PattyMurray @BetsyDeVosED

 ....uhhhhh...No. 

Was that a trick question?
No. No we can't. #firedevos #stolenelection #affluenza #sycophantdevos #mercer #cambridgeanalytica #cheater #gtfodevos
NO, and as a teacher I never intended on her doing anything different than what she is doing
She is bad, bad, bad.  Her purpose is to free up ed money and divert it to charter schools used by wealthy.  Poor kids thrown under bus
No.
No. Look at Michigan-it's your blue book for what is to come. Worst test scores in the nation; system set to make teachers/students fail...
It's not her fault people r stupid. They r more concerned with football.
No.
uhh.... no?  The answer is no.  No.
I don't even know Betsy but I trust her more than you.
No they cant. Dhe knows nothing! She thinks Teachers should carry guns to shoot those grizzly bears in WYO!
