Pres. Trump has an opportunity tonight to move away from his hateful & damaging policies & talk about ways to help families & middle class.
In the past 24 years you've been in Congress where you have the power to make legislation the middle class has dissolved.
Yes, we are, and we get silence or a nod. It's terrifying!
@peoplerawful I'm thinking one of those generals need to gather an army for a military coup.
.@DanerE_57 @PattyMurray My fantasy---> Coup installs @barackobama for 6 months, we get voting probs sorted & hold new election.
sounds perfect
To be honest, it's feeling rather hopeless as more folks are targeted for harm. We raise our voices but are they heard?
Actions seem to happening no matter if constituencies are clearly expressing their needs and those of their neighbors.
Town halls seem less about listening and rather more about pretending to listen while doing what is on a prescribed agenda.
Citizens are hard-pressed to be focused in resistance as attacks are coming from on many fronts. Where is our representation?
If you read this, thank you. I'm not alone in this, even would say it's the majority view. Wish that mattered more.
i agree completely more so with our rep in spokane @cathymcmorris she has choosen to listen to the very few. Sad&Tru
GOP elected aren't being responsive, rather calling us paid protesters, which is offensive.
Patty and @SenatorCantwell have held one town meeting since 2013 I do believe.
dead right.
Fight for all Americans. #ProtectOurDemocracy
YES!
That's right! Thank you for fighting for us! Keep on fighting.
We found President Trump's speech inspiring
and we found Democrats BEHAVIOR CHILDISH.
I'm appalled at your total lack of respect & lack of class as a sitting Senator when you should be standing. U represent US!
and can you?
thank you for fighting for us!!!
go get 'em!  We are behind you!
As a fellow WA mom in tennis shoes I want to know more about your plan! Keep up the good work
shut ur mouth and listen for a change.  You actually might learn something.
@MariaCantwell  PLEASE support & influence our House reps to demand an investigation into admin's Russian connections!
lmao
Yes, we are!
I have witnessed the Rep. party do nothing regarding Russia/Trump and upon confirmation of these crimes they should be arrested
Then fight.
for the love of God stop using the pword. He is a fraud. Election was rigged. Russia.fbi.suppression.lies. stop normalizing.
YES! Resist!
we're also trying to figure out how 2 get the GOP to do their job &protect the Constitution from any possible Russian collusion
Whatever... what the hell have you done for our country lately.
Yes!! Stand tall & strong!! Protect our American values for all people.
so are you fighting?  Because it seems to be based on lobbyists and donations. Fight harder and louder.
@TinaMarieCTHSS The only people appalled are snowflakes like yourself. Do you really hate America that much?
@Overstweet
yes we are! Appalled is just the beginning. We want Trump stopped in his tracks. He has already done enough damage.
and particularly BLOCK SCOTUS justice stolen from Obama.
Yes we are!!! Thank you!#resist
We Rise. Resist. Repeat. But we need Congress to demand an independent investigation, tax returns and NO Bannon in the WH
all GOP all Koch $$$ all Russian mobbed up FUBR good bye America hello AmeriKKKa
Trump delivered a dream agenda to the Tea Party and Republicans so they will support him to the bitter end.
YES I AM!  Thank you!
Please support an independent investigation into Rusian influence on this administration, not just election.
disheartening and frightening to see GOP thwart efforts to examine Russian ties & conflicts of interest, they will regret 2018
You won't get any help from Cathy McMorris Rogers, but you have my support for what it's worth.
we're counting on you Senator. Continue to make us proud.
Same could be said for any Admin - certainly true for everyone's since Ike
resist persist
People are more appalled of the lack of work, from our senators. Your lucky you not paid, based on performance.. u would owe us
No, Trump is fulfilling his campaign promises, doing things for which we voted. We want Congress to support him.
@MaxineWaters Be our voice and call him on his lies!
@dblgoodtrouble Please do!
yes we are!
You're the best.
and what is sad and scary is my family and myself believe they wont fight back. Nor will our rep @cathymcmorris she has chosen!
Yes we are! Please alert @SenateMajLdr, who thinks we're just paid complainers, not constituents
Yes!  I support democracy, the constitution, and the rule of law. I believe in equality too! Thanks Senator!
starting with the Intelligence committees. Shocking collaboration of leadership with WH.
.@PattyMurray Constituent (98117).  We encourage you to oppose all DT's unfair policies, on undocumented immigrants, refugees, environment +
yes. Thank you
Yes we are Patty and as a one of our leaders in the Senate we need you to step up and do the right thing.
So right. We are appalled and way passed angry. Something has to be done before our country is destroyed.
we are appalled by you. You work for us. Not you're hate for our president! #pattymurray #pisspoorrepresentative
no.. not at all
YES. Especially fight for independent investigation into Russian connections. Special prosecutor. Don't let R's sandbag us
Yes. Yes, we are. *ahem* Senator. What are you and your colleagues doing about it?
you are appalled at everything he does. Kinda like the boy who called wolf...
@tryinntryin We are frustrated with the lack of action to impeach.
BECAUSE THE WHOLE RUSSIAN STORY IS A PIPE DREAM THEY SOLD YOU!
Appears all Dems can do in minority is limit &/or slow down inevitable damage by Repubs until 2018, which is still a long shot
hence the "checks and balances." please check and balance this administration. 
Some old song. It's called empty words! It's getting old fast!
Thank you for your dedication, Senator Murray.
Yes, and......
@Bangelnuts
All lies will continue and Congress supports this BS.. Why aren't you and @SenJohnMcCain banning together to STOP #trumprussia
YES
Comment on #TrumpRussia?
And if you don't there will be hell to pay.  We must fight at every turn and at every election from dog catcher to Senator!
even yours name....potty
u don't have the guts.....senator....u n yours conrats
would like u to reply 
Trump is great  8 long years for all yours rat friends....get a job you.....n all yours liberals conrats go away soon
@HouseGOP Yes, we are.  Step up, Legislative Branch. It's time.
True.
we need to see his taxes and steve bannons
yes, we are-and we are taking notes for 2018 elections!
Stand up, speak up, fight, fight, fight Senator Murray! #TheResistance is behind you!Don't let the GOP normalize!
.@PattyMurray Pres Trump seems to discover the job, and he points the difficulties : #ACA, #Obamacare, #Immigration...why was he candidate?
Yes!  I hope you can support Mr. Issa's call for the Special Prosecutor and a non-partisan investigation.  We want answers!!!
I have lost faith in the republican Congress. Until elections, we can only hope for the courts to be strict in handling Trump.
I don't trust Trump he is known to LIE
The one who LIES has many words. Obama is the LIAR. THAT'S WHY HE GAVE 30 MIN. ANSWERS.
RECALL INSLEE AND CANTWELL FOR TREASON AND SEDITION MURRAY MAKES THE LIST OF TRAITORS TO WASHINGTON STATE AND AMERICA
Yes, my God, yes.
