Now is the time for the majority of us who believe in the strength of our community to stand w DREAMers against this unconscionable mistake.
Now is the time for Republicans to join us to reverse this shameful decision & find a permanent solution for DREAMers here in the US.
Now is the time to work toward comprehensive immigration reform to finally address our broken system.
Have them apply for US citizenship, pay a fine and wait their time. They all knew that they were illegal. Face up and do what's right
#DeportTrump and keep Dreamers #impeachNaziInChief
Legal immigrants to this country WAITED in line for years to be invited in. ILLEGAL aliens who cut in with Obama's #DACA are tresspassers.
Yeah,,make them go through the process and be legal.   Wow, that was easy!
I'm so glad you believe in what President Trump is tying to get congress to do.I'm glad to see your support for Trump
Stop the talk and act please ... we are tired of all the talks no legislation pased , for once be united .. republican n dems. Save daca
I agree, but they need to do it legally, just as you said when you were running for president.  LEGALLY they have had years to become legal
Do you understand the process for becoming a legal citizen for these folks? Most don't. There's no path to citizenship for them.
You got no backbone, no solution for those who want to be Aamericans and no solution for Americans or illegals who break the law
Fire yourself, you use a picture of some innocent poor kid for division and hate if a 12 year old white boy steals candy what then?
Nut job
Immigrants are different than illegals!
Carter pardoned draft dodgers!
Please pass legislation to make them legal citizens.
Now is the time for illegals to do it correctly.  POTUS  gave an option but you turned it down.  Who fault is it if they are sent packing. U
RIGHTHave ALL of them go to their closest immigration office and file for a green card!! Pay the money, fill out the form and DO IT LEGALLY
Please cosponsor S1615 now!
Please don't let @realDonaldTrump use the boarder wall 2 negotiate #DACA. As a Democrat I do not support trump in any way. Please support us
Ridiculous!
Will NEVER support trump.
Thank you Senator Murray for continuing to fight for our nation’s future!
Future of MORE debt?
ENFORCE the current laws. Otherwise, change it. We need the wall if nothing else but stopping drug running. Satellites can detect tunnels.

Please do something for them.
OK, as our Senator, it's incumbent upon you to now legislate protections for Dreamers. We can march, but it is you who must act.
The very foundation is a nation of immigrants that came here to live as Americans, Patty. To live our culture & embrace our values
Agreed. Let's get it done!
Send them back home ... They are breaking the law and should NOT be rewarded. You just want to reward them so they'll vote for Dems
Don't mix legal immigrant& law breaking illegal alians. It is slap on the face of every legal immigrant who waited in line & followed laws.
How about honoring legal citizens and minorities who continue to struggle to find work?  How bout dat?
Illegal aliens or as you call them voters
The dreamers have had three years to apply for and seek citizenship.  They haven't, why is that?
Now is the time for @TheDemocrats to step up and work with @gop in the interests of the American people and stop obstructing.
Ok,.but can that be seen both ways...Can they so work with the Democrats???
They could start by offering ideas that aren't one way.
ILLEGAL!!!! You and your demonic party are about illegal everything. You are corrupt to the core!
Hey Patty, would you please put out the 900+ fires that are burning in your state so we can breath?
Every year for the last 3 years, your fires have been out of control.
Then pass appropriate immigration legislation. #SimpleFix
Well said Patty.
DACA needed 2 End No More, we have too many Illegals already. To HONOR Americans Enforce LAWS!Case by Case W those in program, but NO MORE!!
Now is time to impeach this guy if he doesn't vote to deport all illegal and build the wall.  NO AMNESTY.  America First.
Hopefully, you use some productive dialogue.
Let's instead honor the constitution and send them home.
WHY don't you try helping the DREAMers, who were "born" in this Country?  Maybe .. because you've never met a "cause" you didn't exploit!
"Solution" for #Dreamers? How bout one that benefits American workers___novel concept for Dem: (Raise Act, E-verify, Border Security Wall).
Where were you when Obama gave us this illegal EO and made this problem in the first place? I know there will be no answer.
My white father and mother lied and illegally moved into a great home and neighborhood with great schools. Living on gov aid.  OK with you?
Not one bit!
Make a deal and lower taxes like Republicans want.
You ignore that our laws were broken. Just what kind of legislator are you?
Now is the time to impeach this mad man
Why is that? Because he won't let thousands of immigrants in while we have millions of Americans and American veterans homeless and starving
The ancestors of some of us mastered trans Continental travel and conquered the land that became our country. Your rhetoric is weak & sad.
They entrusted their information on the hope that they would  be able to stay. This is betrayal.
*potentially
Agree. This was a heartless and unconscionable decision.
Then now is the time to acknowledge that the @GOP is a white supremacist party.
Our immigrant nation was and is based on law. Dreamers are not obeying the law and have no intention of doing so. Six months to do your job.
Yes thar right,  why didn't you do it when you had  the house an the Congress , how dare you pass the buck an then speak out against  GOP

You're breaking the law, you are one of the reasons we need #TermLimits... Clean our State up, there's homeless everywhere.
Now is the time to respect legal immigrants. Illegals cut in line in front of legals & take away their jobs&edu. Legals over illegals.
Maybe u should have done that along time ago. But as the most ineffectual Sitting Senator nobody mentioned it to u
They  call "America" "FOOLISH-Home of FEELERS" who don't think ahead but led by the head- agreeing to disregard laws of USA!
#deportMelania
Now Is The Time To Uphold Our Constitutional Laws ..Thank You @POTUS
Illegal immigrants cheat legal immigrants out of their opportunities and illegally displace sovereign US citizens. You violate your oath.
How about honoring hard working Americans too. Fix healthcare
Patty, be honest.. …PUBLICANS. WILL. NEVER. ALLOW. A. PATHWAY. TO. CITIZENSHIP. FOR. #DACA
But not at the expense of funding a worthless wall, just pay a fair wage instead
Do your job....
NOPE. AMERICANS FIRST.  I've been out of a job for 8 months.   ONLY the @TheDemocrats would put non citizens ahead of Americans.  INSANE.
It's YOUR fault that you're out of work. This is a capitalist society. Stop blaming everyone else for your failures.
Why senator ur talking immigration reform stop that now before somebody thinks u know what ir doing
Ok now you're talking Senator. Please work together. These kids depend on you. Six months! Go! @potus could have ended effective today.#MAGA
If Democrats fail to show up at the negotiating table it raises the legitimate question of is DACA something that the Democrats really want?
Dems caved and let Gorsuch on the court. You never should have allowed that to happen.
...and on what basis should Gorsuch have been not allowed on the court?  Please cite specific reference.
