Let's mandate Congress can only have Medicare like everyone else. Easier to take theirs away than fix ours. That will gurantee a fix!!!!
Yes! Republicans are trying to ramrod AHCA down our throats. Not democratic at all! Dictatorial
I KNOW!  Remember how transparent ACA was?  #NOT
But it works!! AHCA will destroy health care for millions.
Give us specific things we can do to help.  Thank you for your hard work.  There is no gray area in this.  Right is right. Wrong is wrong.
Remember the ACA? Dem's are getting a taste of their own medicine. I guess they don't like it.
What are the afraid of?
How many did the Dems hold prior to Obamacare Patty? Oh that's right none and no one was allowed to read it.
Love your glaring double standard....did you forget when Pelosi said "you have to pass it (Obamacare) if you want to know what's in it" ?
The "Secret Health Care Bill" the republicans are writing. Remember boys you write it, you own it! Trump is an idiot and your enabling him.
Keep fighting for us Patty!
1)  Withhold consent on normal Senate business;
2)  Filibuster by amendment.

Tweets won't cut it Senator, time to throw sand in the gears.
You have to pursue steadfastly to the very end. You can't  possibly let the GOP take ACA away from working classes! Expect you to prevail!
My daily reminder

That Your Senator
Can be reached at

 202-224-3121

 Call Them

Gently Remind them

You might disagree
w/their actions
Why aren't you and the rest of the @SenateDems writing a #HealthcareBill to present to the American people?
Are you going to exercise your right to unlimited amendments to this reconciliation bill?  Please do! Have 100 ready!
would be nice to see some pols get on an old fashioned soap box and decry this neoliberal death agenda - let's go #resistance
Why bother? Everybody knows u would bash it anyway. Ur bashing it now & U don't even know what's in it.
Wasn't ACA done w/Obie the same? Did u read with Nancy before signed? Public hearing so u have talking pots  or u truly want to help fix?
No, it wasn't. There were over 80 hearings and Republican amendments added to it.  Took 18 mos to draft.  Look it up.
Sure, and zero republican votes and Nancy famously said-now that it passed we can find out what is in it. Keep your doctor!
Unfortunately, you are quoting out of context regarding Pelosi.  Read the entire text instead of cherry picking a line with no context.
This President has only been in office 5 months. It would be better for you and your party to be a of part of a fantastic solution instead
Patty Murray please do not bring false speak to your supporters and the GOP. I know you are better than those who are bringing false claims.
Called my Senator today. Will call again tomorrow.
We all know how the last health care bill was handled. It was passed in the dark and not something that not anyone of you, DNC, knew about.
Keep asking
Play from the #Pelosi book ... I guess we have to pass it to see whats in it ???
2010 all over again.
The reason they do this is because they feel untouchable. They keep getting elected.  This has to change.
They got no 
And how many public hearings have you had for single payer health care?
Love you
This bill represents one fifth of the US economy.
#ShowUsTheBill
The irony abounds; remember the dems shoving unwanted ACA down our throats - & Ms. We'll-have-to-pass-it-so-you-can-see-what's-in-it Pelosi?
Any good legislation will have its proponents singing how good it is from the rooftops for all to see...

...bad legislation is hidden!
Thank you for holding the floor!!
Cowards!!!  VOTE DEMS 2018!!!
What is going on here? WH press briefing was once again held in secret with no video or audio recording allowed. Secrecy, paranoia.
I think it's sort of weird, a few republicans got shot not long ago, & they're STILL doing shit that's going to piss off a lot of people ffs
Don't like your own medicine, do you?
Pass it, then you can read it!!
@SenateGOP are hijacking our healthcare.  When people die, are they accepting responsibility?
I know you will look out for our best interests, unlike the GOP and their tax cuts for the wealthy
Please #HoldTheFloor and fight for my daughter Annie who has Crohn's Disease. Healthcare is life or death!!!  SAVE HER!!!
@PRyan how can this be & how can you be ok w/it? You answer to ALL the United States not just the base. You had 8 yrs to work on this. SAD
RESIST
Thank You for your efforts
please keep fighting!
Thank you Senator for standing up for us
Excuse me!  The peanut gallery wants to know, how many public hearings were held by Democrats on Obamacare.  Oh that's right  ZERO
@feinberg_linda @TheStranger amend them into oblivion patty
@GeorgeTakei VOTE THEM OUT in 2018-2020!!
It seems that #Republican hatred of #Obama is motivating their actions. The #GOP goal is to erase his legacy. #racism?
You only need delay until the OCB report comes out then local outrage re-inspired when confronted with reality of bill on Americans.
Can Senate Democrats schedule it to force the issue? American citizens deserve to know what's in the bill.
This hashtag to everyone of your Senate/House representatives.  #ShowUsTheBill
Does anyone know the senators that are behind closed doors? This is a dictatorship!
Another shenanigan from banana republicans.
Just like you refused to change your vote from HRC to Bernie when he blew her out of the water in your state? Thanks for Trump.
You look like Mrs Landingham on West Wing!
Silver lining is that #Trumpcare will put a lot of us out of our misery.
All I hear from Dems is negative comments. I'm so tired of paying our representatives to bash our President.
I suppose that you would prefer if we just rolled over and died.  With this bill, that could happen.
thank you & the Republican Party 4  making my eventual cancer death easier to accept.at least I won't suffer from evil TrumpCare. @JeffFlake
I FULLY support both you and @SenatorCantwell participating in shutting down all work in the senate to stop this. Bill needs to be seen.
How many were held on Obama care (ACA)
Please do what you can to stop them
WITHHOLD CONSENT AND DO WHATEVER ELSE YOU CAN WITH YOUR FELLOW SENATORS TO STOP THE PASSAGE OF THIS BILL
"You have to pass the bill to know what's in the bill" Rep Nancy Pelosi".
If they did, what would you offer to improve the bill?  I know you won't respond, only throw bombs!
Double standards peppermint patty! How many times have I heard " if you're gonna repeal we're not going to be part of it" #quitcrying
Healthy Care  it comes in 3 parts
Rich  FULL COVERAGE 
Middle class partial coverage 
lower class you just died 
Sick you'er part ^
Payback? We have to pass it so we know what's in it?  Be patient.......
Sounds eerily how obamacare was passed..hmmm
Thank you @PattyMurray !!  Our WA representatives and servants will go into the history books as heroes!!
"We have to pass it before we can see what's in it."
Liar liar pants on fire!
U sat in one last week. Saw u having a fit. Wasted ur allotted time attacking opposition instead of questions.
Pass it to know what's in it where did i hear that hmmmm
shut it down
We don't have time to waste on democrats at this point! The republicans have come to terms that the Dems cannot be trusted!
Blah blah. If idiot Obama and whacko lib Dems passed a good healthcare bill in the first place, wouldn't be chaos now...duh
No big deal. Whatever the senate puts up has to go back to the house. There will be plenty of time to view bill before house vote.
But @PattyMurray already knows this. She just wants to beat the partisan drum and sow discomfort among Americans.
.@PattyMurray
I suppose after the Garland outrage, anything is possible. The respect that goes with "US Senator" is being diminished.
liar trump health care bill re:ACA,- OBAMA CARE,trump & the GOP are now sole owners of this bill. to give more $ to the rich& screw the poor
I don't not care. Just repeal Obumercare. It's Unaffordable!!!
After taking nearly 18 months to write overhauling legislation, Republicans really think they've got it all figured out in a few months? :-<
Thanks for trying, but they don't want to talk. WITHHOLD CONSENT for all other business until this is given public hearings.
Pls share Real stories of those harmed by #Trumpcare & Medicaid cuts
Great to see some coverage but The Stranger is preaching to the choir. @seattletimes what say you?? Democracy dies in darkness
Withhold consent! This is life or death for a lot of people, and we need you to fight for us with that in mind.
How can this go on in America?
You need to get tougher in public and in private..You so called friends and colleagues in the GOP r laughing at u!
Keep it up @PattyMurray ! Bring the pressure and don't let them advance the bill. #killtheAHCA
Withhold consent. Stop everything.
Block everything until they show the bill!
Read that hatch stated "why bother, dems won't pass it and it just gives dems platform to scream" the gop is going to fundraising instead.
so Patty, what was your problem w/Sanders amendment? You didn't return my call to your office
Worthless Pat. Vote out these whining tax raising idiots. Keep voting out Democrats
What are you going to do about it, Senator? Last I heard you weren't going to try to delay the vote. What are people's lives worth to you?
Thank you and please keep fighting!
#FilibusterByAmendment and #withholdconsent  you were just reelected. Be fearless
Missed your happy fathers day message out to all the #washingonians ...

Did you overlook us? Remember YOUR DAD, WWII vet...#sad
Your daily reminder that you are empowered to do something about it.  #WITHHOLDCONSENT
fund our budget

I wish this were a joke, but as a cancer screening specialized MD, I know it is not. Early detection of breast & cervical CA saves lives.
AHCA will prevent many women from obtaining screening & rx before their cancer spreads. This is the truth, not something made up.
I am also and disabled I make $735 a month my premiums for one condition would be 24,000 I will no longer be covered
Thank you for fighting for us
So start actually withholding consent for Senate business then. Calling them out does nothing.
The @SenateGOP is making this their hill to die on. If they held town halls they'd know this already. 2018 will not be good to them
Hoping!
Then why don't you do something to obstruct them?
Reframe this not as Obamacare replacement but as #Trumpcare - Let it fall on its own
#NoHearingNoVote
Thank you for fighting to get the bill into the light of day before a vote,  Senator!
"All that's needed for evil to triumph is that good men do nothing".
Time for the people to Rise Up, take to the streets, march to the senate.
I think you just may be correct. BE PEACEFUL about it. PEACEFUL PROTEST is the way to get things done in AMERICA if nothing else works. ;)
Totally agree.  When the women marched it was pretty peaceful.
Then it is up to the Dems to FORCE hearings!  AndI don't care how you do it...
Can the Dems force anything?  The Minority can only do so much
Please do whatever you can to focus a huge spotlight on this for the public. Obamacare > Trumpcare, and we don't want tax cuts for the rich.
Thank you for continuing to fight for transparency.  The political climate is a nightmare.
Time for a vote-a-rama to delay and obstruct until everyone knows more. We need you to fight!
we need you to look up facts quit being the problem
Rebs; Legislation via cloak n dagger, back alleys and behind closed doors Can hear the Founding Fathers rolling over in their graves 
What legal action would you recommend?
