We have tough questions about the nominees’ record & qualifications—but so do the families & communities we represent.
Murray: In evaluating a nominee for @HHSgov, I consider whether the nominee has a record of putting people first, not politics #PriceHearing
This week, Price voted to begin the process of ripping apart our health care system without any plan to replace it. #PriceHearing
President-elect Trump campaigned on promises to protect Medicare & Medicaid. #Price has said he plans to overhaul both in new administration
Murray: As a woman, mother & grandmother & US Senator—I'm troubled by how your policies would impact women’s access to health care. #Price
when u pulled out the "women's card" you lost this WOMAN! I'm not a victim like you are! I will campaign against u next time!!!
and I am tired of men bullying women on Twitter while using a pic of a women. Sad
someone named "baby girl"? 4 the record I'm a woman and a cat owner who uses my own photo - not sure if ur serious
@vestal13 as  President Obama famously said, "elections have consequences." We won.
Trump was elected by the people.He deserves to pick who he wants. Your only a senator because your from crazy Washington
There's your winning argument for 2018. Totally.
#ThursdayThoughts #FBI #CIA #IRS #Veterans #Law Chaos & Distractions = Profit OVER People https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJquRp5__oY …
welcome to trump land. no one stopped him.
Stop allowing this sh*t.
@AoDespair Time for the Dems to get a spine.   Like never before.   (And they have never before)
benghazi benghazi benghazi...too bad the fading flowers cant show hillary type stamina
thank you for your hard work! Yes, definitely a second round of questioning! DeVos is a no go!
Then why don't YOU just do the second round of questions.  That too would be unprecedented. So just do it.
Did u hear @alfranken & @SenWarren yesterday?  Gave them hell re time limits of questioning!!
Well THAT is good news.
will @GOP be increasing funding for Amtrak? They sure seem like big fans of railroading.
What in the hell is going on & why is it being allowed to continue??!!!
You meant unpresidented, right?
Why would allow more time when no other persons of Obama's and other democrats needed more time! Badgering is not questioning.
Thank you for your insightful & revealing questions during the hearing. Please keep up the good work. We're counting on you. 
Well to be honest, it is also completely unprecedented to nominate corrupt jabonies like Price
Cover. He knows they are not vetted or qualified. The Democrats on the committee are doing an awesome job pointing it out.
@deejay90192 let us know who these committee chairmen are so we can ensure they lose their job
Thank you for having a conscience and standing up for women's rights and their right to healthcare access.
@Karoli unpresidented.
They are Republicans. When are Dems going to learn not to trust them? Scorpion and the Frog? Lucy and the football?
@carinahaley This political game is not serving the American people. Grateful for your work and other Sen Dems calling it out.
@rkfatheree what's Chairman trying to hide? trump has already said he isn't starting til Monday.
Please, vote no.  No bargains.
Idiocracy here we come.
@CayenneKayan @JudiciaryDems fight for us!  We need u to stand up for our rights! Don't let us drown in swamp!
#wakeup this is Trumpland unless you stop him NOW
Scoop from @McClatchyDC: US investigating whether Moscow tapped system used to pay pensioners to funnel $ to hackers
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/news/politics-government/article127231799.html …
@alexparas830 They don't want American people 2 know Price is possible corrupt b/c of his Stock purchase & Bill he wrote to $
@Lee_in_Iowa happened with DeVos too
They think they're going to be in the majority forever, apparently.
Get used to it. We now have a full blown autocratic government!
@Lee_in_Iowa HAVE A LAWYER REVOLT.. LAWMAKERS ARE POSITIONED TO *PROTECT US* FROM STRONGMEN..COMM CHAIR OR PREZ OR NOMINEE!!!
Why do people that think 'they won' and think they are greater than everyone else? #Trump has a low rating for popularity
@gs314 please don't stop trying. I have parents  and children who are counting on you
he obviously knows that the nominee would not be able to stand up to the questions
PRICE is full of it. He is a crook Buying stock and then passing laws to fill his pockets. He never answered a direct Yes or No
Must suck for you to always be wrong. Do your homework.  One round of Q's is precedent thanks to Reid and the Dems.
Do the job by it's description with No Improvisations. The Ppl's Trust Must Be Renewed  Please!! Don't Make Worse
You and Colleagues Have Done Enough On My Behalf. None Of Which I Asked  For Yet I'm Stuck Paying $ Bill.
@cam294cam Maybe Putin has crap on all the Republicans?
The Precedent has been set leave it alone. Or shall we discuss the Mess Reid put us in. Duh Filibuster!!!!
@casanova_kara When you get close to the TRUTH, the GOP wants to turn off the lights and scatter like the cockroaches they “R”.
This is power grabbing at it's worse.
I watched them treat you and Warren very poorly :(
- I covered you as a reporter for daily newspapers in Washington state. I continue to be a staunch admirer. Tx for your work.
@now7grandkids paramedicgrahamsings ya me x go on have a look
we so appreciate the hard fight you are waging in an attempt to get a fair hearing
thank you for your leadership during this difficult time
They push him thru, they own him when his crimes become exposed. Then we need emails to see what they knew/when
@Rschooley Why are you attending the inauguration, Senator Murray?
For Gods sake do something with your hair you look like a witch oh yea you are a witch
@davebernstein Everything about this #PutinElection is #Unprecedented
Grow up!  Adults should figure this out in advance. Tired of hearing you whine.  Wonder why your leadership is questioned?
Why'd you vote against lower cost prescription meds? Donations from big-pharma sway you? http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/health/states-us-senators-face-criticism-for-blocking-import-of-drugs-from-canada/ … #PriceHearing
I'm sure you know this whole transition is unprecedented. Thank u for your tireless service. WA appreciates your fight for us.
@Nurse4allPeople boycott the inauguration it will start a flood of senators that will join u
This bunch of bought and sold GOP are out to corrupt our whole democratic process! They no longer stand for the people!
Elections have consequences.
unprecedented but not surprising. You can't assume they'll play by any rules...
@Nurse4allPeople time to be unprecedented. Plus u should be bocotting the ignaguaration. Represent the people who elected you.
Time for you Dems to start using every procedural tool you have to obstruct GOP agenda of repeal. This constituent demands it!
@Nurse4allPeople Unprecedented and disgraceful. This woman is totally unqualified.
You are so right! Keep fighting the fight, Senator Murray.
@Stop_the_Morons Clearly a Plutocracy abound with conflicts of interests, insider trading #GoPISStealing #notfitforoffice
We need to assume this is the new status quo. Now what?  What are we willing to do to fight 4 the rights of the miniority party
I suggest having a hearing yourself with people who will talk about why he is not qualified. Have someone play him. I don't know. Make news.
#Trump and gang just plan on locking the doors and doing whatever the hell they want. You can see their version of #America
Republicans would FREAK if sitch were reversed. They have lost ALL rights to complain about future transitions by Dems.
"Future transitions." I love your optimism.
Ugh. I'm so horrified and disgusted by Republicans (my own party!) that I can only hope Dems come back strong.
Dems have flaws, too. 
I hope for a future where all parties work for the people instead of against each other.
That's exactly it. We need more than one party...and we need them to stop doing crap that benefits ONLY their own party.
Yeah, I chose an optimistic "all" instead of a more realistic "both". Here's to hoping other parties break thru.
plus he has no concept of yes or no
please demand more time for questions. #CountryFirst
@neeratanden mmmm
Thank you for pushing to get questions answered from this and other nominees. We deserve answers.
Unprecedented seems to be consistent ... maybe it will follow to the smallest time POTUS stayed in power.
Thank you Senator. I am proud to be your constituent. You are doing so much for all Americans. Keep it up!
dont let it happen he does not get to rewrite the rules book untolerable!!
Ur questions NOT intended to solicit answers only to state wrong personal opinions 
#unfair
It's time to do something unprecedented in response.
@now7grandkids repubs will do any sleazy trick to get their way
since you aren't involved in the process at this point can you spell grandstanding
no it is not
Madame, you have wasted precious time to question the nominee. Complaining about how little time you were given. Ridiculous!
sounds more like a gotcha questions....Any questions with a yes or no response for a complicated scenario is not positive.
@neeratanden Unfortunately any regular citizen would be facing #InsiderTrading charges, two sets of rules in Gov't.
Actually, no its not.  Its how Democrats like yourself have conducted these hearings.  #hypocrite.
Alexander knows how horrible she is.
you are an embarrassment to congress with your behavior today. Pathetic partisanship at its worst. Do your job and work togethr
Yo do not care about us. You only care about giving ins away free.
You have no idea what you speak of. My health insurance cost was 1,300 in 15, 1800 in 16 and now 2,300 in 17. What about me?
@neeratanden welcome to the Trump Presidency: no hope
You should repeat the argument that you want a second round of questions when you ask your questions.
Fact-Dr's do NOT know healthcare better than others.  Dr's know MEDICINE, they're misinformed, if not ignorant,of HEALTHCARE INSURANCE
It's easy to say pre-existing conditions & "coverage for everyone" without addressing costs.
Healthcare costs are impacted by many factors - not just insurance coverage.
YOU choose to waste your time spouting @TheDemocrats @barackobama BS talking points! Then you interrupt the answer!
I agree second round of questions should be allowed
@Rschooley You are precisely the reason we need more woen in Congress Your statement this am yo Price  was so important Thank u
Get used to it.
 thank you for representing 
thank you for being my voice! Denying a 2nd round is egregious and unprecedented. Thank you for your work.
need to consider if legal action against specific members is possible if they are tampering with due process
#dragthem and #dragpeeotus
@Every1sAWinner Go get 'em, Sen. Murray. Strong women, represent!
thank you Senator
Please respond in kind by not confirming any of them.
@Rschooley obviously there's lots to hide!!
Then ask your damned questions in the time allotted instead of grandstanding?
clearly @SenateMajLdr is afraid of your questions - their people are too weak/damaged to answer to American people
@neeratanden then don't go to inauguration
Yes it is. Expect more of the same, starting Friday. #MAGA
.@pattymurray The rich are sensitive. Need protection from hard questions
McConnell is right at the top of a very crowded field of the "Worst Americans" along w/Trump, Ryan, Bannon & Priebus
THANK YOU
I wonder if you asked these questions of the Democrats before you passed Obamacare without reading it  It has been a disaster
The Republicans continue to find unethical ways to conduct business. This could be a preview of the Trump Years.
you need more hearings on this fellow!!
I just listened to you. You are a poison to the process. I can't stand many Republicans but you take the cake.
there is a reason they are jamming this through:
This is bigger than Trump. The incoming administration are far-right Christian Dominionists. Please read this thread & help amplify /1
They don't care what Americans think about the process.
GOP cheats
Thank you -
so do you have Obamacare or do you have the special elected official plan? Hypocrisy at it finest!
OMG! Shut up already. Enough of your ranting, this is not about you!
I'm sadly disappointed by you having a seat of voice for the general public!! YOU need to be transparent and in touch! Smh!
all nominees must be denied- believe opposite of offices they are supposed to protect!
.@PattyMurray @AAUWPolicy Are phones still down? Denial of service on http://senate.gov  website still?
The pot (DJT)calling the kettle.....DJT is the KING of Rude.  You keep going, Patty.

it might be because you don't actually ASK questions you just give speeches of your opinion, YIKES, boring
yep
Additionally, you want me to stay out of women's reproductive rights, but want me to pay for it? No, thank you.
these are unprecedented times, please fight like hell for those that voted for you!
Were you allowed time to speak with nominees privately? I got that impression. Were you not able to ask questions?
I got tears in my eyes, laughing at your ridiculous ranting and asking nothing. R u really campaigning???
Are you serious? Her time has been truncated! If u care about good questioning, ask for another round of q's
if she only asked a question the first time then a second round might be in order.
nonsense
Then maybe you shldnt hve wasted yr 1st end w/questions irrelevant to the position they were nominated for.
don't let up. We're listening #resist
do you think one person cant answer a question without you starting it with what you want the public to hear, ask the question
You are so unqualified to be questioning Price.
shut up and ask your questions, what a phony!
Since questions were not allowed, then vote no No proper vetting, no paperwork, no tax returns, should equal no appointment.
PUTINS PUPPET is dangling carrots for repubes
If losing ~1000 seats of power doesn't clue you in to conservative/constitution supports disgust for liberalism nothing will
@AAUWPolicy thank you! for showing their hypocrisy
The hypocrisy was in wasting their questions in the first place.
how long did you spend writing your blah blah blah message. Do you have a question?
Exactly.  Shut up and ask a question already.
She asked ?s. Thankfully u can get hearing checked w/ the ACA. Could be a comprehension issue tho
ACA didn't work for me. As a nurse I know all too well how it's failed.
your anecdotal evidence doesn't speak for majority of Americans.
really we don't know since the country is clearly so divided.
maybe if you quit talking and ask a question you wouldn't be limited,
thankfully we already know enough for you to vote NO!  Please do all you can to block these unqualified appointments. TY
Senator Murray..I would simply like to say this to you..WahWahWahBooHooHooWahBooHooWahWahWAhWAh..sore grapes. PERIOD
always happy to see 3rd graders engaged in civics.
I'm always glad to see that idiots can be elected to the Congress..they were right in 3rd grade.anyone can be!
congratulations. You win Worst Tweet of the Day. Love it.
spends 7 minutes protesting, the 7 minutes. Then spends time making a statement. 
your preamble on Tom Price too long, wasting time
vote yes to defunding sanctuary cities ! Vote yes to #kateslaw time to do you're jobs! Quit obstructing! #MAGA
I have just one question. Are you on Obamacare?
ACA protections being dumped by the GOP protect ALL Americans, including you. Hope you never get sick 
