may the powers to be fire patty murray and all the dumbocracks.
You're an embarrassment to many many Washingtonians..you go ahead and filibuster, pissing into the wind #Gorsuch
This fine article by @PaulHRosenberg gives historic context for Gorsuch's bland testimony:
NO DEMOCRATIC APPOINTEE TO THE SUPREME COURT WILL EVER BE APPROVED!! We shall bring an end to your party once and for all!
I think it's time for you to move on and let someone else step in who represents ALL Washingtonians.
TY, @PattyMurray @Jim_Brunner @seattletimes
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
where is cantwell on this?
No announcement yet. She meets with Gorsuch next week.
Does it seriously require another meeting? I think we can see where he stands?
Thank you!
Playing tit for tat is a game where no one wins. When will the US citizens matter more then what party someones in
Do only parts of Washington State matter to you?If you gave him a fair chance it would be one thing but you didn't
I support you in this #BlockGorsuch
Yes, please.  And thank you.  He's dangerous.
From one of your constituents: thank you for your position on this very important issue.
Thank you.
.@PattyMurray Thank you Senator Murray! I am so proud of you. Please encourage @SenatorCantwell to follow your lead.
Senstor Murray. There are citizens in your state that do not agree with your resistance of our POTUS.
thank you for opposing Gorsuch!
its time 4 change in Seattle I will never vote 4 u again.gorsuch is over qualified u r finished tired of the B.S.
THANK YOU
thank you Senator @PattyMurray for your leadership on this critical decision. Change the nominee, not the rules.
Thank you for voting against #NomineeGorsuch a Trojan for corporate interests.
Thank you for voting against Gorsuch!!!
What happened to Western Washington? Was born & raised in WA, but now politically as bad as state I now live, CA.
Liberal trash
Totally agree with this. Thank you, Senator Murray!
Your so two face you voted for him before What's changed your are 2 decades of DISAPPOINTMENT!!!
on what basis do you not support this awesome judge ?  Politics right ! Shame
I agree opposing Gorsuch, but your statement is all politics, you're better than that, oppose on his merits @SenatorCantwell
Thank you, Senator Murray. He is the wrong person for the job.
Yep, good call. Now build the @Hyperloop from Seattle to L.A
Thank you! Keep up the good work Senator.
Murray, you are a disgrace to your office..i hope they NEVER approve a democratic appointee..this is war now!
no biggie-nuclear option if need be.
Hope you manage to keep him out!
Thank you!
Keep up the fight! Proud of you!
Patti Murray you're a sell-out
why don't you ask the people what they actually want Patty Murray
thank you senator!!
@SenatorCantwell ?
Thank you!
you've got my vote again.I called @SenatorCantwell to express disgust that she isn't doing the same
Thank you for standing up for us! We can not back down. #PosseWA
Senator, he will be confirmed. One way or another. #Disgraceful
Good. Necessary. Now, @SenatorCantwell - won't you get onboard as well?
This should be delayed until we see what comes out of Trump/Russia investigation.
THANK YOU Senator Murray!
Thank you, Senator Murray! We need to further investigate the ties to Russia before ANYTHING.
Get em Patty!
Thank you, Senator Murray. For everyone who cares about workers & equal educational opportunities for all children
Thank you.  Now can we get @SenatorCantwell to commit to voting NO on Gorsuch as well?  We're waiting, Maria.
thank you
...SHAMEFUL WOMAN. Shame on her.  No valid reason to oppose this man. WA's mother of crybabies.
@GOP Patty ---why? Because he believes in law & constitution?  Dems R truly showing that law means nothing 2 them.
Murray opposes Gorsuch b/c to her, what is Good seems evil. She is backwards & anti-America.
thank you for standing against Gorsuch. He is against protecting the little guy when up against corporations!
Thank you Patty!
Thank you, Senator Murray. I appreciate all the work you do for us.
Thank you, Senator. I'm concerned about Gorsuch's ruling on school responsibility in re special education students
thank you Senator Murray! Please continue to #resist the illegitimate presidency!
Thank you!
Please be the better representative this county needs and vote for this jurist.  We need to move forward.
Murray is having a snowflake tantrum and can't do her job unless she gets her own liberal way.
well done. Proud of a woman from my hometown, Bothell, standing up and doing the right thing. #resist
Thank you! Garland is the only appropriate choice.
and then they go with the nuclear option, but hey it plays with the base! Might as well end the charade.
tell the truth PATTY, you oppose only because @POTUS chose Gorsuch no other reason, if you are being truthful
Great but get ready for an even greater battle. #VoteNoAHCA
Thank you.
thank you for your leadership Sen Murray. You make Washingtonians proud!
No, she does not make all of us proud. She can't be bipartisan about anything. Contemptible.
Thank you so much Senator
