So by doing this what happends to the people that made $15 the past 10 years  Also what happends to small business
Watch Bernie speak. Any speech wil do. He explains again and again and again
DANA   america will lose small business    its thats simple and the rich win again. Unemployment will rise to 20%  women will lose  not gain
But you know small business problem is caused by other reasons (many!) not by giving employee additional $90 week. And how will women lose
Democratic policies kill small business. And help big business then they say big biz is the problem.
Democratic policies inspire small business. Look harder. Research all that switched to $15. The owners are actually gaining silly. Study
That's just not true. It closes small business. And look at Seattle how many jobs r now being done by computers. Hurts small biz and workers
Okay now I see you. It is scary to see technology take jobs. So we educate for new era We actually have more jobs in future due to tech
and so will go up the cost of goods by the same percentage, ridiculous
Seattle raising the minimum wage to $15 proves that's not the case. Economy dramatically improved b/c employees can afford to shop @ work.
It's so good that restaurants are closiing
Denver has a revolving door of restaurants and our minimum is only $9.30 an hour, which is unlivable in this city. $15 is barely enough.
When restaurateurs bring in kiosks for customer ordering and automated cooking, $9.30 an hour goes to zero
$1 or $20, doesn't matter, they're still getting replaced. It's all about long-term savings. This is not the issue to fight automation on.
The place to fight automation is additional taxes and penalties for replacing a human workforce, or other similar avenues.
Not gonna happen
I don't believe in a Fed. min. wage each State shld be allowed to set their own Min. wage
$15/hr is only $31,200 a year. After paying over $300 for medical insurance (10% of income), it's still too low and will be in 8 years.
Come on humor me...how much do you make a year? Are you here to complain?
Thank you for your support! 14 states already and more to follow! Beautiful start for these families
No it wouldn't, it would cut about 11 million jobs to pay for the other 30 million. Plus more people in poverty
41 Million Workers will have fewer jobs - Learn economics Senator
By 2024 its 2017!!! This should of been done 7 yrs ago not 7 years in the future. Fight Harder for the American People we need a Revolution!
Too late....trump and repukes will have this country wrecked long before then. Only thing he is draining is our economy.
@SENSCHUMER @PATTYMURRAY @POTUS @4US_WORKERS @JEFFSESSIONS CS-HOW ABOUT IF YOU STOP MARCHING IN MILLIONS OF H1B FOREIGNERS TO TAKE OUR JOBS?
Help them by sending them to school and learn how to be productive. NOT MBA or LAYWERS. Maybe Engineering what a novel idea.
And how many will it hurt because they loose their jobs?
Wow, Mr. Neoliberal finally grew a pair. Nice job, don't screw this up!
You'll never see it schumkieyou will be repealed and replaced before that date ever comes around
Too bad you shills wouldn't back this during the election
you people are full of Sh*t.  Government go us in to this mess.. de-regulate, lower biz taxes, growth will ensue, wages will climb. BASIC
it should be 15 now in 2024 it would have to be 20$to be out of poverty!
Didn't the last time the wage was increased supposed to fix it.... No. Prices went up and everything else did comparatively.
And when Wendy's McDonald's and others go automated because of this... geniuses... no common sense.
you are right Jacob
Minimum wage workers spend every penny of it and help the general economy.  Giving them a raise lifts everyone up.
Target low life people get results
AND PROBABLY UNDER 40 ! GO TO SCHOOL AND GET A REAL JOB !
Chuck, So you intend to rebuild tge Democratic Party by promising all a $15/hr, $30,000 wage by 2024?  Seriously?
Lmao what a joke by 2024 it will have no value
THE [RIGHT] WILL EVEN BACK YOU ON THIS.?????
If Dems re serious about being for American workers then must reject all work visa Am. worker replacement frauds, & reject all Saudi money.
The great State of NY already passed a $15/hour minimum wage. Cuomo 2020!
Why stop at 15? Minimum wage should be $1mil/hr then we can all afford everything!
Artificial wage increases like minimum wage only benefits the govt and their coffers. No one else
Chuckie the humbug neglects to inform his posse ignoramus that the cost of living will explode. Why not $25/hr? Let's bankrupt everyone.
Disgusting---by 2024?? Come on Chuck--it needs to be now, now in 7 years. Everything people need to exist keeps going up at record pace.
Agree, w raising minimum, but solution MUST be making American workers the best in the world.  Can't achieve this in perpetual war economy.
Sen. Schumer, Demagogue who berated Trump for being anti-Muslim, but never said a word bout Obama droning hundreds Muslim civilians.
Sure raise it up for people that do the job right. Plus automation will take over or businesses will be out of business
By 2024 that wage is going to need to be 22 a hour thanks for nothing
Fix trump-Russia/corruption first. Every day you don't, you're complicit.
In seven years already? #Slowclap #GodDamnIt Bet it'd be faster if any of YOU got that little, huh?
Just can't wait to get a lot of workers replaced with self-serve kiosks...Dems are such pandering losers.
What's taking so long?
It needs to be done sooner than that!
Thank you for your support!
In 7 years $15 will barely be worth $12 today.  Way to aim low.
Wow gotta give to the Libs. Trying to make min-wage primary income then by time it gets implemented it would be worth nothing.
Low wages don't mean low prices when the world is so connected. Sliding into under developed living standards.
Prices need to keep pace with other develped nations or a person traps themselves to long hrs and no vacations, no travelling etc.
Yeah, by that time inflation will have made $15/h far less than enough. Nice try @SenSchumer, you sellout.
NEED TO TAKE CARE OF THE PEOPLE ON DISABILITY TO IM NOT ON DISABLED IM A VET
Maybe you and. DImmshits would get something if not such obstructionists. Your motto: DImmshits first, America last!
You're an economic illiterate. Increasing the minimum wage REDUCES the availability of jobs for younger and less educated workers.
And would force elimination of millions of jobs. Jeez, Take a business class, or even a math class for that matter.
Yeah, like how Seattle has failed.  They're doing horribly and everyone is unemployed.  Wait, it's just the opposite of that.
In 2024 that would need to be $17 bud. You know your plan is bad when it's so slow that the goalposts move from inflation.
Gees I thought the raise would be soon.  That's way too long to wait By that time it'll need to be $20 with inflation Details need to be out
It will certainly help the robot industry and the wealthy owners of this industry.
Democrats, creating more unemployment again.
Unions who demand more & more & dont make money for co. is why China is rich now and co's moved to places like Mexico
Maybe you could give your next raises to the people by voting a raise for the poor instead of the greedy in congress term limits now
2024????
Oh stop with the Sanders crap Schumer or I'm going to think your #complicit
Do you guys just come up with random numbers and make a claim? Why not claim 80 or 100 million it would be even more believable.
Why @PattyMurray @SenSanders @SenShumer are we waiting 7 years for this? Aren't people struggling with low wages now?
Tie your minimum wage into economic indicators so that it automatically adjust
2024?? How does this help? It should be raised NOW and then ADDITIONALLY in 2024. How many times has congress raised their salaries recently
Wrong!!  You have to double everyone's pay then. Inflation would sky rocket.  Get real.
LIAR
Brain cells full of commonsense are much more useful than a bleeding heart with no brain
Why don't you read the Koran versus on infidels. Take a look at Europe and grow some brain cells
You cry on TV saying you have compassion but you don't because you're bringing people to America they want to kill us
You control the medical health system of Americans you control the vote what yeah that's right
In other words a subversive takeover of the medical care system of all Americans just to have control
A medical system that doesn't work it was designed to fail to force a single-payer system
You showed us what really mattered was the LGBT rights of the smallest percentage of Americans
You guys blew it selfishly blew it for your liberal agenda
Instead of being self-centered globalists we'd have $30 an  hour jobs in America.
Big deal about the minimum wage if you guys in the last eight years of brought the jobs back to America.
You commies just don't get it. All those 15 dollar an hour jobs will be replaced by robotic non voters by then.
Chuck Schumer doesn't believe Western NY min wage workers deserve $15 an hour, only NYC workers. Western NY gets 12.50 max. Not fair at all.
not a good plan should lower costs not raise wages that is ridiculous
HEY Chuckie how about paying our military enlisted $15 hr FIRST!!!!!!
$15 by 2024??!! You've got to be kidding. A pittance.
did you stand with Patty Murray when she voted to kill Bernies Rx price lowering plan?
$15 needs to be done now. 2025 will be far too late!
Get a real job Chuck
your a bunch of moans just like the GOP
2024?
It really should be sooner.By 2024, the minimum wage will have to have been raised again to keep up with paying the rise in cost of living.
2024? We b dead by then from all the wars u corrupt phonies drag us into. DO IT NOW YOU CORPORATE SHILL!
When min. wage goes up unemployment for youth and minorites also goes up
It will help 41 million workers? I am sure 30 Million of them are going to be jobless cause of this.
2024 isnt good enough, NOW! You wont even be in office in '24,
Thats too little too late, by then it would have to be 25 an hour! People would be dying in the meanwhile!
Says the man who never held a real job, created a job, had to budget to make a payroll, and has lived his life on the Taxpayer! @POTUS
500,000,00 new jobs under Trump,I remember you tweeting Trump hasn't created ANY new jobs, did you lie?
First, what kind of number is that? Check the zeros. Second, that counts 216,000 from January, when Trump wasn't even president yet.
2024 will be way too late for people who are already struggling.
Why can't we have this before 2024?! Why not 2020?!
Oh my not good the govt has no business setting pay the market does.  There will be a lot young people unemployed no opportunities no exp
And dearly cost 263 mill other Americans
The road to Hell is paved...beware of what you ask for! ROBOTS replace min wage jobs every day. Meter readers? Etc.
How many people would be helped by a Fight for $150 movement?  Don't you really want to help people???
Oh come on, that is ridiculous. With the cost of living going to go up, people will end up the same as they are now.
Finally, the Dems have part of a plan. What about fixing high healthcare prices?
Trying to make sure Dems get that vote.
Would put half of them out of a job
Sounds like Democratic BS that they threw out to keep Bernie silent. @SenSanders you know they don't mean it. #DemExit to a People's Party
You sumbags in Congress. You ate at the tough of government all your live.Never signed a paycheck.All your going to do is raise unemployment
will pick on you if you don't speak to me like our presIdent D2Darko
Shumer.... your statistics are lies.... but hey..at least you are consistant!
While I appreciate the reach out to working class why wait until 2024? Good luck running on that idea 
Why not go for the gold?
That is NOT your job. This is not good for three country and business.
By 2024 the economy will be so broken $15 will be equal to $3.
Would you make Congress, Senate or President await 7 years for a substantial raise or would you raise it pennies at a time over a 7 years?
And prevent some businesses from hiring
Corporate tax cut does not necessarily = employee raise; most likely to Exec bonuses 1st, the maybe some employees.
Fast food isn't a career! Those jobs are for our high school and college students! No wonder I left Demwit party! Clueless!
Why include Sanders?  Don't trust someone who consistently attacks Dem Party & plays footsies with Trump/Republicans
Because Schumer has zero credibility on this issue and Sanders is the face of the movement, Dems are slowly realizing that
it's Sanders who has no credibility. progressive ideas have been bandied about for 80 + yrs. Sanders is a charlatan. Not qualified to lead
Instead of that, why not get all americans health care?
any questions anyone would you like any addvisecssss
who will be able to afford a cheeseburger? Am I going  to get a raise .
Should be way more but we're so behind compared to inflation rates
That's a good idea
How about confirming military promotions??? #supportthetroops
#promotethem
NOT A FAN. Of this or Bernie.
If you hate Bernie why not go live in Japan in the nuclear plant that melted down?
U Sir, are ridiculous. Have u ever had employees? How bout leaving this to professionals, and not politicians?!? Get a real job!
so many small businesses and even big businesses will hire less, go bankrupt
make people be around others out of their comfort zones is too much for...
More automation, less $15 an hour jobs, more people working multiple jobs. Please study history and learn you are just advancing technolog
You are going to lose more and more jobs for the poor causing more hardship. You don't care about them one iota
In 8 years? By that time it should be $18 to $21 an hour.
Why not $25/hour?! I know way too greedy!
Do the math Chuckles, companies are already laying off and firing because of the increase. McDonald's isn't supposed to be a career
We voted for Trump because of 8yrs of failed liberal policies!  Work with Trump & his agenda. He has actually created jobs, unlike you Chuck
o13one 22
Great. Focus on #TrumpRussiaCoverUp ....that's the priority.
That's not even relavent anymore
Looking forward to seeing who votes for AND who votes against it.
Term limits now, remove these unethical and irresponsible from office. Term limit Chuck out, Term limits now. Term Limits now.
nice 1 too
Hard to believe you're working on anything Chuckie.
That's stupid. Going to put people out of business. Cut workforce.
make it 2020!
Tell the truth. It was because of NAFTA sending 70,000 companies out of the u.s. thank Bill Clinton. A Democrat
by then will need $20 per hour
