how can citizens help?
I keep asking that and no one has responded. We're willing to help they need to tell us how
check out @justicedems they have a support network for those who are willing to get invoved.
Thank you
thanks Patty.  I'll be marching in downtown Seattle with a brother and a son later today.
Nice of you to get outraged after the fact. Where was the support from you to keep this from happening in the first place.
thank you and please maintain a strong stance against the dictator @POTUS
the fact is that we will disagree, the problem is that you are not going to find out why.
It's time for Dems to be the Party of NO!
but chaos from terrorism from #WallStreet thru unlawful foreclosure is okey-dokey? U SAT SILENT WHILE #WALLSTEET TERRORIZED US
Yes, keep fighting!
Patty you and all democrats need to stand up against this Dictator and remove him and his cronies (administration) from office NOW!
You will have the backing of the world and the majority of Americans, act now please.
Thank you for standing up for our country's principles.
thank you! We MUST not stay silent on matters of discrimination and xenophobia!!
yes please keep fighting on behalf of Washington state and US residents who believe in the American dream
Why don't you take care of American Citizens in you own state????????????????????
She is.   And your fears about Muslims should be small compared to toddlers with guns. They kill hundreds a year.
You are sooooooooooo full of crap! Just look at Europe and we are next!!!!!!!!
.  Hmm...I'm pretty sure U.S. citizens have a much better chance being killed by a U.S. citizen than by a refugee.
Thank you.  Our family is very fortunate to have you as our Senator.
Vote NO on Jeff Sessions!
. I always appreciate the stand you take. Thanks for representing my family!
ImPeachTrump!!!!
PAID TROUBLE makers with some swamp lovers in the bucket for socialism patty Murray. 25 years.Time to retire
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
We need to hear your voice louder, clearer.  Can't lead from behind!
@SenSchumer @SenateMajLdr @MikePenceVP @kevincorke @HispanicsTrump @SpeakerRyan @michellemalkin  Whatever!!! #TX
vet*
Why did you vote to deport *legal* immigrants with the 1996 IIRAIRA? If you could rescind your vote today,  would you?
Seattle pepper sprayed protesters at Seatac- Will we be safe from the Police tonight in Seattle? (BLOCK ALL Trump Appointees!)
As I've said in the past"You go girl!"
in all fairness, President Trump proposed this before the election, so I don't get your harsh reaction
Thank you for speaking out. As one of your constituents I ask you to do everything in your power to oppose the executive order.
Keep fighting
Help the vets and the poor people living here and paying taxes already first
STOP PARTISANSHIP. Validate both sides and form consensus.
but not in 2011? #hypocricy http://thefederalist.com/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-stopped-processing-iraq-refugee-requests-for-6-months-in-2011/ …
Unfortunately this is what @realDonaldTrump has caused. Chaos & fear.
I hope you can support term limits for senators. It'd be nice if you could turn the reigns over to someone new on next term
can you be specific, because right now, other than your tweets, it appears you're doing nothing.
people have always had to register to get into this country why should change now specially since terrorist threatened to come
Thank you!
Our democracy has never been in this level of danger in my life, than you for fighting for our #constitution #Resistance
@ed_hazelwood "#ExtremeVetting is based on #Legislation passed by #Congress and signed by #Obama.You won't hear this on #MSM"
Picking and choosing laws currently on the books to uphold? The rule of law we are all subject and need respected. Even by you.
if only this many people showed up to welcome our troops home. We've got it backwards.
Quit voting for his Cabinet appointees might be a place to start.
. Senator P
@PoliticsVillage Yes. Please keep fighting. Don't let any of this become normal.
@PoliticsVillage You need to address the shameful response by police at SEATAC. Larger major cities were able to not overreact.
Whole reason these people are fleeing is from all the years you've been fighting in their back yard with drones. How dare you.
Your constituents are out there in the airport rallying against #MuslimBan. Rally @SenateDems against Sessions and Bannon.
Can't you stop this man? I am German and we know here what will be the world in one or two years. We had this 80 years ago.
Where the hell is the useless GOP?
i'm glad to see action on this issue. Trump must be stopped!
As a Washington voter, I'm behind whatever you have to do, including government shutdown, to stop Trump and Bannon
Thank you Senator Murray! :)
FIGHT HARDER.
maybe u could fight 4 your constituents 2 be able 2 get affordable meds, but instead u voted against it #inbedwithbigpharma
you should be at the airport like Booker
Then why are you voting for tRump Cabinet? Scorched earth is best for USA.  Vote No on everyone#DUMPTRUMP#Indivisible
Thank you Senator.
Didn't you support Obama's temporary Iraqi Ban?
Corporate Shill. #NotMySenator #demexit #NotAMuslimBan
@LouiseK20625455 Thank you - love & compassion must win. Donald Trump is destroying America! 
it's one thing to help people, it's another to let them take over!
Oppose this administration FULLY. I'm one of your constituents, and I want effective representation.
thank you, I'm sure you concur @cathymcmorris ?  As my representative, I hope so...#LoveTrumpsHate
keep fighting this insanity!
how are you fighting? Many of your people have lost faith in you. Now is a time to be transparent to the people.
thanks Senator! Keep fighting for the rights of all of all American's who value freedom, equality, andfree speech!
There must be something we can do that won't take 2 yrs. Help us Patty!!
Thank you! Glad to be living in a state that wants #RefugeesWelcome.
Thank you Senator Murray. #resist
thank you for representing the true American spirit
Let's impeach Trump. He has caused more chaos in one week than I thought humanly possible. The man has no global sense!
stop approving this fascist's nominees.  Put Twitler down.
I hope so. Hey. I heard some things about you & funding from pharmaceutical companies that i hope wasn't true...(always been a supporter).
I appreciate this message. 

Fighting how? Please take action!!!
thank you for fighting, how will you be standing up to this unconstitutional nonsense
Thank you Senator Murray for your hard work and steadfast commitment to a just and democratic society.
we are going to fight....our voices will be heard, the constitution will not be trashed by these idiots!
thank you Patty!
please keep fighting. Your constituents are frightened
, please take action Monday! We need you.
No tweets or visible reaction to .@realDonaldTrump fascism. You Madam, are dead to me. Whose pocket are you in? #DINO.
why do you think everybody has a right just to come here?
then get Bannon out of the NSC
Thank you @PattyMurray. We are a nation of immigrants and cannot turn people away who are fleeing war torn countries!
we're counting on you voicing the outrage and objection of so many.
You are a Democratic senator, act like one, don't vote for one thing or person Trump admin wants!  We're behind you! Thank you!
the chants no hate no fear the refugees are welcome here.#ourvoice #UnitedweStand #TheResistance
We need Democrats & Republicans to fight the inhumane Trump agenda. Thank you Senator Murray!
Banning citizens form around the globe does not make us more secure, it only exposes our vulnerabilities.
@bayaningpinay We need congressional action NOW#resist
Me too!
what are you doing? We need strong leadership from the left right now, not half-hearted pearl clutching + acquiescence #primary
thank you Senator Murray!
Federal stay for anyone lawfully here being detained at airports. Can NOT be sent back to countries.
Thank you Senator.
We need you to stop "shoulding" and start gathering with fellow Dems to STOP this!
Stop the criminal illegal aliens.  Stop or Vet before they are allowed into the US.  What is so wrong with that?
.@rockford1313  Turn off Fox & actually research the current vetting procedure for refugees. War refugees are NOT "criminal illegal aliens."
stand against everything Trump in congress please!!!!
Go Patty!
We are country of laws. This EO violates federal law re. targeting by country of origin. Dems must block/confront
Thanks Patty!
@yashi_shiroma Also, do not vote in anymore of his horrible cabinet. Please RESIST!
We need a call for impeachment.  These kinds of actions cannot hold in a free America.  Tweeting is not action, or fighting.
DO SOMETHING.  Not just speeches, not just twitter.  ACT FOR YOUR COUNTRY.
@PalmerReport vote to block Every Trump appointee ,legislation initiative ! No retreat , no surrender!
The Trumpets what chose.
Chaos
@NancyCatLover Thank you, Senator. Help the GOP to disown Trump, or they will go down with him.
Trump has declare #CivilWar on all Americans Liberty rightlet them be freedom for foreign and domestic
Chaos and confusion is due to the TSA, typical. More pandering from you.
thank you Patty
what exactly are you doing for us to help them?!?
focus on the changes to the security council.
where are yo tonight? Hopefully on the way to the nearest international airport.
Let them all live in ur house. Yea one is ok but then 2 then 3 then 4. When would u say enough. Let's fix the usa first.
You cannot reason with Republicans anymore, they are now The American Fascist Party.
this, all of this is completely unacceptable.  This is NOT the America I teach about in my classroom.  Please stand up & fight!
Quit voting for President Asshole's nominees!!!!
you and rest of partisan obstructionists reps have brought us to this point. You created Trump w/ lack of leadership. Thanks.
Thank you. There must be no cooperation with this administration. @SenateDems must fully resist. We cannot accept this.
Does Kentucky have an International airport?
I'm with you Senator. I am seriously concerned about how quickly our nation is turning into something I do not like ...
Not enough. Get on camera and denounce it. Dems have been MISSING from this fight. We can't do it alone
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Sen Murray! And please fight EOs with Constitution/rule of law - plenty to work with. Bannon doesn't do emotion.
.@PattyMurray how will you help? What can WE do???
yes!  Keep fighting
Thank you Patty!
thank you!
Protest at SeaTac where more people have been detained than at JFK.
Thank you, Senator Murray!
thank you!
what are you doing about it Senator? Other than tweeting?
Open your house to them, not mine.
what can we do to help?
thank you
thank you!
Thank you -- now take action to match your statement! America was founded by immigrants. #withholdconsent
Thank you for standing for what makes America great.
I need to see your name in every paper giving the President HELL or you're just playing your mouth piece.
Welcome sheep, but not wolves in sheep's clothing. So, how do you tell which is which without putting the people in danger?
If you're wrong once, ppl will die. (Sheep, Americans) Those who vote allowed it to happen will get some blame.
Thank you, @PattyMurray. Please tell @realDonaldTrump to rescind the ban. #NoHateNoFear #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall
so what's your plan to fight this? #muslimban
Thank you!! These are human lives & America welcomes those in need!
Get to your closest international airport, please ma'am. Your country needs you!
Up to 13 people detained at Sea-Tac airport; protest planned for 5 p.m. http://www.tinyurl.com/hkhb8gu 
Thank you and fight everything. We can not give an inch because as you can see they take a mile. No compromise anymore.
We need to make sure that we are safe from those who wish to do us harm. New vetting process is needed and quick!
Thank you! Please do not ever stop fighting!
Thank you! Keep fighting, its the right thing to do. #MuslimBan #notmypresident
Bless you!  And know we have your back here at home.
Thank you.  Your constitutes support you. Thank you for being the voice for us.
will you stand w/ Seattle Mayor Murray & denounce Trump's Authoritarian tactics? We are a democracy! #neveragain #nomuslimban
thank you!
Thank you, Senator Murray.  Please do whatever you can to fight this unconstitutional executive order.
we have an incredibly dangerous and stupid man occupying the White House, never give up or give in, I certainly wont

You better. Or we'll vote you out during primary
then actually FIGHT. Dig in your heels and don't give an INCH.
.@PattyMurray But you need to do something for those of us who can't. You are supposed to represent us.
#SHAME U voted for Kelly, U betrayed all US stands for #RESIST STOP HELPING A MONSTER!! Millions r terrified right now
this man is endangering our country. Impeachment must begin immediately.
give it the same attention you gave in 2011 when Obama banned Iranian refugees for 6 months
thank you
what are you and the rest of Congress doing to fix this? Besides tweeting and wringing your hands?
. @PattyMurray Is there any plan for a press conference or otherwise coordinated Democratic action?
Thank you Senator Murray
@Peresson79 fighting with tweets isn't doing a thing, ACTION!!!!!!
if tweets help some ppl to know & understand what's going on, they matter
Thank you, Hon. P Murray!! The Seattle protest will be tomorrow (Sun) 5-8 pm, at Westlake Park: https://www.thestranger.com/events/24828142/stand-with-immigrants-emergency-protest …
thank you!
THANK YOU!
talk to your GOP colleagues. There must be a few with conscience's left
ROFL. A GOP with a conscious? Better luck with that needle in a haystack.
I'm trying not to jump off a bridge. So false hope, I guess
we need strong, unified condemnation from the democrats. Step up!
who do u work for? I mean, who pays ur salary?
@It_is_NunyaDB go back and count your big pharma money. Fraud
Thank you Patty! <3 You are one of the good ones!
had you backed @BernieSanders for president this wouldnt have been an issue. Thanks Senator.

I still support our President-America first, Senator.
Be advised it's not WE the ppl turning them away it's Donald Fucking Trump & his team of rag tagged racist vastards
