Stop working on bipartisan bullshit. Single payer is the best current answer to universal health care.
You must be morally bankrupt to prioritize profit over people.
Why...do you think...poor people...might need help paying for things?
"The poor should die of preventable causes because I deserve more money" is an astonishing take.
But #singlepayernow is only 15 characters
#HighTax4Ever

Under this fool, you will, sooner or later, be on his list, too! 
"we are all capable of believing things which we know to be untrue ... George Orwell 1946 London Tribune
Can you please start with the tenet that our health is not a business opportunity? Enough is enough. Stop choosing business over people.
I mean, who cares about my fellow citizens anyway
Which ones are falling apart?
Wait, people are immigrating to Venezuela, China & India?? Your credibility is now zero.
Go Patty.
ANY step towards socialized medicine is the wrong inhumane direction.
What if the opposite is true? #MedicareForAll
It's not. Ask Valenzuela, Cuba, NK. How many Americans are going to the U.K. For HC?? Socialism is inhumaine.
What if a capitalist system that incentivizes placing profit before people is inhumane?
I don't want politicians deciding who gets rationed HC.
They already do. Right now they, and the insurance and pharma orgs, decide only the wealthy get care.
ins co's are getting wealthier now w/Obamacare. Poor babies are not dying in the streets bc of HC in the US. Charlie Gard died bc govt
Charlie Gard died because he had a terminal incurable condition. Why is that so hard to understand?
Less than 280 characters: Government should NOT be in the business of HEALTHCARE
America is the land of opportunities because of capitalism. Not Socialism.
What happened to this?
Good idea, we would love to see everyone working for all Americans
Write down all your great plans
essential! Stabilize ACA for 2018 first. Prevent Trump from sabotaging because he lost.
GOP on ACA. Instead of fixing the flat tire. They get out and shoot the car. Y is Cassidy a senator not a DR. Hmmm.
Senator submit your written health care plan to the citizens of the USA or just shut up!
You and the Dems couldn’t get it right the first time so now you need help from the GOP fixing the turd you dropped in our laps. Wow..
Go @PattyMurray! So happy you are my Senator and fight for all citizens' rights #SmartLady#MoralLeader

Yes please @GOP
support single payer, patty
Too bad you don’t work for America you work for yourself and your party, you hurt us, without a conscience! I’m voting you out!
Listen to your own words. "Work together"  not against everything
Good thought, but I'd say improve healthcare. Obamacare already has done a lot of good for millions.
Patty, you are a treasure.  Thank you.
Yes my dear Sen. Murray, Fix the ACA! It can be fixed
#MedicareForAll is the only acceptable means to fix healthcare. Anything less is a failure and a slap in the face to Americans.
Yes senator Murray. And do NOT cave in to unfair demands. GOP style is give them an inch and they grab a mile
You want a bipartisan fix for healthcare and America's other problems -- REMOVE TRUMP for mental defect his mentally unfit to do his job.
When Trump says he is going to sign a Exec Order, on healthcare it is clear he will attempt to force the ACA to fail. He is a sociopath!
Deny single payer
#MedicareForAll b/c when everyone has fully-funded health care, it's even harder for #GOPgreedoverpeople to take away.
What?! No more resistance patty?!?!

GOOD, NOW GET TO WORK AND FIX YOUR BS H/C SYSTEM!!

AND OH, #AmericaFirst
Make sure you put Congress under the Healthcare. Can't trust people who have no skin in the game.
Single payor! Healthcare for all!
YOU can start to fix health care by ceasing to take payoffs from the health insurance and pharmaceutical cartels.
Shorter Murray: You know that healthcare bill we passed with 0 R votes that isn’t working, since we lost the election, the Rs need to fix it
Oh stop with the lip service! You have no intentions of "working" w/ GOP. That would require you making concessions! U won't, then blame GOP
Let's start with a Washington public option! Be a leader, Senator. Please.
The health ins and phrma lobbies pay Murray to not be a leader.
The thing that bothers me most is that we(Democrats) are interested in everybody's health care the republicans seem to worried about money.
Please read & RT. Then call elected representatives. Tell them you support Senator Murry's bipartisan health care effort.
The GOP has no interest in healthcare for the American people, that much is crystal clear.
"Let’s pick back up right where we left off [in 2007 before Obamacare] & let’s work together to fix health care [by removing government]."
Yes please, and while you are at...stop taking bribes for your votes. We voted for you so you could help us little guys, not your pockets.
Sen. Murray the Republican Party no longer exists. You are now dealing with the Trump/Bannon Populists Pary. They don't work with Dems.
Would rather watch Ocare crumble so no 1 could afford it & then we can repeal it. Better than condemning our childeren 2 it #MAGA
Never happen.  And rest assured that Dems will take the blame.  Fixing ACA only solution. Good luck.  Keep up the fight
About time the USA people are the ones paying for it. Stop following the dollar we know money talks and Bullshit Walks. Help the USA people
And you all are worst then kids fighting over the last hot dog. It's mying No it's mying No mying No mying MOM..
Awesome thanks for getting the community health care it needs...Cynthia HARRIS  Portland Oregon
You are not a Democratic. "Pick up where we left off"? Shafting Americans anyway they can? You can't even stop #VoterSuppression
Please do! yes on bipartisanship!
Well, some republicans
Yeah right?  Like you work with the GOP. The entire Congress is a ridiculous joke. Quit lying which is your tweet. 

 #DrainTheSwamp
#SinglePayer=less characters
May I suggest #MedicareForAll?
Sure - but zero chance now w/R congress - if Murray cant get a compromise, sabotaged exchanges fail, people die
Fix it by letting me decide how my healthcare should be administered.  Stop trying to take my money. I will fight to keep it.
Federal government has no business being involved in health insurance
WE DON'T WANT #OBAMACARE YOU ARE NOT ENROLLED IN OBAMACARE B/C YOU KNOW IT'S GARBAGE.   PUT #CONGRESS IN OBAMACARE.
We need to mandate that Congress share the healthcare they inflict on us. They should have to use it, and it alone.
Amen.
Yes, support #MedicareForAll like the majority of Americans. Get yourself out of big pharma and health insurance co. pockets.
We have government officials riding around on taxpayers dollars
What exactly needs fixing?
U live under a rock or a had plc.
Thanks Patty!
You are a better person than I, Senator. After Alexander dropped the ball last week, I would have been inclined to tell him to pound sand.
How do you justify more public subsidies to a highly profitable private market? Bueller...Bueller...?!
My message to Democrats (in less than 280 characters): Stop the lies and start working!
"Fix"? Even more public subsidies to private markets for a substandard already expensive product? Neoliberal trickle down.
Thank you, Senator. Keep getting louder! We're on the right side of the facts, but we don't craft the message well. Please help with this!
Senator, you are part of the problem. You don't represent anyone but leftists. Government DOES NOT belong in health care!
Ummmm . . .   Elected officials represent all citizens within their district. Take a civics course. Get educated
More Patty LIBERAL BULLSHIT AND LIES!!!!!!!!!
Like NFL, current occupants of Senate/Congress, will be gone. Work for the American people, you ran with promises. Get work done or bye bye.
Yes!  And then work together on tax reforms that helps the middle class.
My message to politicians who waste time on twitter while we are trillions in debt; don't accept any pay for a job you have failed at.
Wasn't "fixing" health care, what the ACA did? We were lied to then and the lies continue.
OMG! It's a huge thing. Nothing is perfect. Everyone admits ACA needs work. It's a process. GOP and Trump must stop sabotaging and fix!
Yeah and "communism just hasn't been done right"; ACA was / is a fail, there's no fix and as more of it rolls out in 18, it only gets worse
Impeach Trump. There's a start...
