President Trump has made it clear that he doesn’t just think he is above the law, he has at times shown true disdain for it.
Serious concerns moving forward w/ a #SCOTUSnominee & will be joining those pushing back against jamming this nominee through.
And concerns whether #SCOTUSnominee would protect all rights and liberties, uphold Roe v. Wade, & more.
Please keep fighting for women, and for fairness, and for America. #GarlandBeforeGorsuch
get him girl. He's wrong he's working illegally. But please take down Pence too.
.@PattyMurray and you've proven to be a colossal partisan hack and a royal hypocrite
....like Mcconnell?  10 months and no hearing??
.@janesnage look up Biden rule
So you voted for trashing the Constitution. Anti-American.  @PattyMurray
eggs are a waste of my time. #rotteneggs
fight him every step of the way.
Which ones. Please be specific. And please mind the "alternative facts."  Sincerely, an American Patriot
Funny but didn't I see you had voted for Gorsuch along with Obama, Schumer, Wyden. So now hypocrites are exposed. Win for Trump
#PresidentBannon is surely the puppeteer.
You need only look to the riots in Berkeley, Portland, Seattle to see where YOUR disregard and partisan obstructionist results.
@Rawkuz99 when do you start the impea process
It starts in the House.
I know just hoping someone in Senate can bring up to someone in house to start the process
@TacomaTwelve So what are you doing about it? I have a suggestion: Article 25! STAT before he further erodes the constitution!
(perk) what is article 25?
The filling of a presidential vacancy or the removal of one for incompetence.
yes! That please!
please stand strong!
only a fool thinks they can create a power like that and then control it within their particular set of constraints.
how so?
Grind it to a halt. No more "serious concerns." No more boilerplate language. Total obstruction. We need you!
Yes, and I'm trying my best to tell about 63 million people, "I told you so.".
you are so wrong.  He is following through on his campaign promises to his voters.  I support him 
How?
agree it is shameful. He's now like sellout Democrats like you and your friends. I voted for you with regret.
EXACTLY! So when are you all going to start impeachment hearings?!
.@PattyMurray When will you and fellow Dems begin work towards impeachment? After lunch?? You know he is reckless and a danger to America.
Could you please be specific about what laws he has broken?
So, impeach him out of office. How much crap do we have to endure under Bannon's puppet presidency.
fantastic job yesterday in DeVoss hearing. Keep fighting for us!
BS! It's just the opposite! He has been a breath of fresh air to the STANK OF DC!
That's why we are counting on you, Patty! Go get 'em.
Thank you for standing up for our values.  Please tell Senator Schumer compromise on core beliefs doesn't work.
Not any more than obonehead did in his terms.
By fulfilling campaign promises?  What about your failure to do your job to get his cabinet in place so the country can proceed
keep up the good fight. We need you now more than ever.
please vote NO devos, for our children!
please help heal our  country. Please approve Judge Gorsuch to keep a balance of power.
@SenatorCantwell Do the distinguished Sen have any thoughts beyond broad, inaccurate talking points?
YES but don't tweet!  ACT!
@SenWarren @BernieSanders Senators plz just give them what they deserve the same do nothing attitude and obstruction they gave
YOU ARE A TYPICAL LIBTARD LIAR
Coming from a dumbocRAT twit like YOU, that is a total laugh.  Keep it up, us Real Americans can use a good hearty laugh.
Then please tell me Dems tar working on IMPEACHMENT, not just Tweeting the obvious.
stand strong for us! You rock, sister!
Trump also disregards truth. In intro speech, he said Judge Gorsuch was on orig 5/16 nominee list; a lie. He was on 12/16 list.
He hasn't shown disregard 4 law or American values in any way. In fact, he's the 1st prez to stand up for them in a long time!
Oh, so now y'all are are going to concern yourselves w the Constitution?! How convenient...
thank you for speaking Up! Please keep fighting for us!
and you are why many Dems will vote Independent next time. You're making yourself obsolete.
We need to hear from you constantly, "Trump is unqualified & doesn't understand; he is not above the law" #StopPresidentBannon
That's the definition of a Constitutional crisis. You misread us - WA voters  - if you don't fight to defeat this admin.
So true!  We are depending on you to fight him every step of the way! We are better than this... we can't let him drag us down!
Please do not approve his cabinet choices, especially Dept. of Ed., AG, EPA & Commerce. The POTUS has no respect for the 54%
Thank you for standing Senator Murray. You are one of the very few Dems I respect because you have a back bone!
#Impeach him and also #ImpeachPresidentBannon.  They are both illegitimate presidents. Latter offers #lClearAndPresentDanger
Please oppose him every step of the way!
- Sounds like Donald is staying true to his alt-right chaos politics is war heritage? Thanks for carrying on the fight.
Democratic Congress should join protestors until Republicans agree to impeach Trump #bantrump
you mean just like Obama did going around the house and Senate to get what he wanted. Remember, you can be voted out!
thank you from an Idaho neighbor, for standing up to #TrumpBan
We agree.  Thank you for standing up!!
@realdonaldtrump @katrinapiierson
@kellyannepolls  the LAW is***TRUMP***LAW, by
PRESIDENT TRUMP Ur anal-ysis is lacking
Please publicly and legislatively oppose the appointment of Bannon to the NSC. It's critical. Thank you for your efforts in DC!
Please defend our Constitution and the American people by voting AGAINST Gorsuch & ALL Trump Nominations!  #WeAREtheMajority!
No Sessions!
vote no on Tillerson ,or you get a no confidence vote. Protect American from Russia. #dumptrump # indivisible
If I'm not mistaken, it was called "The Fundamental Transformation of America". No wat to even list the damage done to America.
He is despicable & under the impression he is a king with America being his kingdom. No concept that he works for us.
#StopPresidentBannon #ImpeachTrump
IMPEACH
Senator, He is baffling us with BS. He is up to something big that he wants us distracted from. Figure out what it is.
Keep fighting, Patty! You're not alone!
give him the same consideration Rs gave Garland!
so have all the Republicans. Fight them, they are dismantling our society and civil rights.
Thanks for the clarity of your plans.
Impeach the entire admin - Pence is complicit in all of this too
Be fierce, Senator! We've got your back! Make us proud!
Trump is a serious threat to the rights of all.
Illegal Immigrants and Refugees are not American Citizens so there is no disregard for Constitution. Americans come first
Do everything in your power to IMPEACH! #StopPresidentBannon
filibuster in tennis shoes.
@BDBoopster then quit voting for his cabinet picks. Stop helping them bring in the corruption. Stand up for the people. Geez!
Resist. Obstruct. Filibuster. Impeach.
So frustrated by how the DeVos vote went down.  Protocol/rules broken and objection shut-down.This is democracy?? So unfair.
*too *affecting *than
.@PattyMurray pls stand strong. And pls also follow up on #russiagate, #EmolumentsClause, and require full vetting for Bannon on NSC.
@kellybrannock @PattyMurray unfortunately he doesn't need betting. Not NSC member, just observer. (Yeah, right)
Thanks, @kbunde1. Then we need a new law.
do not support Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsich. FILLIBUSTER!!
more likes this, Senator!! You need to get the Seattle Times to print it on the front page too
I feel endangered by his actions, very irresponsible and incompetent. @PattyMurray
More liberal logic????
@almost_jane What ever happened to "checks and balances"?
not really disregard more like ignorance and laziness. He could have hired the right educated people? No no not him.
Yes. It's time to look beyond his appointees and find a way to impeach. Thank u for your fight. Investigate Russia ties.
And what are you and the Dem party and supporting Republicans doing about it??
Speak for yourself. Obama did it for 8 yrs and you never said a word. Now crying foul when the tables have turned.
How? No answer
hold your ground Senator! We are fighting for ten soul of America!
Democrats aren't Constitutionalists either.
SO, what are the Democratic Senators going to do about it?
Everyone can see that but the blind and deaf GOP who grovel at his heels like untrained hyena pups!
get him out!!!!
Keeping Americans safe IS an American value! Dems stand f heroin, drug gangs, sex trafficking, cop killing, 40 wk abortions!
Pls do everything in your power to prevent him from filling this stolen Supreme Court seat. Filibuster for 4 yrs if necessary.
What are you doing about 'insider trader' @RepChrisCollins ?
PLEASE stand up to Trump, it's depressing and bleak that no one stands up to him!  PLEASE!
60 vote threshold for this new nominee for the Supreme Court.
a reason why I'm glad we have you to represent us! Keep fighting the fight.
Say no to Gorsuch!
so what are you all going to do about it?
