Patty, the working middle class are tired of paying more for their benefits because others get it subsidized. We can't afford it anymore!
I worry my new college grad with mild (& well controlled) asthma will face a lifetime of unaffordable health insurance #keepACAhealthy
How do you figure that? So over politicians lying.
He is a bad man
.This move Patty will allow me not to have to pay $2000 month for $13000 family deductible for 2 people. I currently have junk for HC. !!
Being priced out of life/health is the penalty for electing a back man as president.
Repeal Obamacare NOW
That's a lie and you know it! Do you democrats have any decency?
Then you should go to the negotiating table and work towards repealing and replacing the disaster known as Obamacare
You don’t like it fix it 

Stop whining 

Fix it 

Work with Republicans 

Next step - @potus needs to make congress subject to Obamacare
I remember republicans thumped their chest about Pres Obama enforcing the law of the land. Their silence now is deafening but not surprising
The solution is a bipartisan bill written with health care in mind and not suppoting the insurance Co. #universalhealth
He is so jealous of Obama he will destroy many lives
Wait, don't tell me, the 1%ers will get a tax write-off or reduction in premiums, right?
How can yet pay more,  5000. Deductible and 500 to 1000. Per month  an 35 to 50. Co pay is not insurance. Congress should have this
The Trumps don't have a pot to piss in!
Look at all the uninformed here! You liberals wouldn't know something good of it but you in the ass! This is good for EVERYBODY
This man continually does things to hurt ALL of us...
Predatory unconscious and unconstitutional action. Impeach
We need to stop referring to the ACA as Obamacare and start calling "trumpcare".
trump needs to own the disaster he's unleashing.
End result of Obamacare. Healthcare cost alot more and it covers nothing. So i am paying again out of pocket to cover. That is my reality.
To say Obamacare covers nothing is what your "dear leader" would call FAKE NEWS!
It may sell on FOX NEWS, but it's patently NOT TRUE!
Self-serving LIAR! Patty you are the worst kind of political swamp creature.
Guess you and your party will have to help fix what you destroyed!
They won't be able to pay so doctors and hospitals lose out
No, that's what obama did. Don't believe me come over and I'll show you years of medical bills to prove it.
Support the Medicare for All bill. That is what your voters want. Reject further campaign contributions from Big Pharma and others against.
These actions are no panacea, but helpful in expanding choices w/the probability to increase affordability & coverage. Got to be better...
Why Trump’s health care EO helps folks now, pending Congress authorizing additional comprehensive improvements: http://dailysignal.com/2017/10/12/trumps-executive-order-health-care-positive-step/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=MorningBell&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiTVRnMFpUSTBPVE0zWWpBMSIsInQiOiJDdnN5ejBFcWZBWEhEbGI5NEpFdktmd1gyeE1KdjFcLzNubUJZUHpKZWRyWHVyRWJnQzNIcEFEd1NjeklHYXdNXC96U2hZa0FEQXROdEZZbnJWendhamo4MUFWUWtNdnlmS1k0d21EbmZBQjhwT2JIb2EydFlBU2t5bWY1VWcwV1FJIn0%3D …
Time to Retire Patty!
Congress has been frozen for many years. You people in congress need to resign. Submit plan for term limits on your way out the door
Its the way of the GOP,---destroy regulations, & programs that work.  We will re-mantle if necessary. We-are the majority. We 3 million.
All media needs to start referring to healthcare from here on out as Trumpcare.  He owns the devastation he just put in motion
Why is it they Always ‘Take away’ & Never ‘Give’ 2 Aid People! Yet it is our money paying 4 their insurance? #RealTalk! EB 
He doesn't deserve to have power of stroke of a pen or nuclear codes.America deserves better.Policy making thru sabotage=disaster.
#SaveACA
If all someone has to do to get "free" Medicaid healthcare is vote for you &/or members of your party they will; we pay for your votes.
Obamacare forced Americans to pay more for health "insurance" & healthcare for others & votes for you via Medicaid.
Save my life. Save my healthcare!
The way to save your life and save your healthcare is to change it now before it's to late. The OE will be good for you.
Can he really do this? Someone has to stop this fool
You did not seem to mind when Obama use EO that you agreed with. Correct? You need to learn how our system works...
That's actually the exact opposite of what increasing competition and options would do. Liberals are willfully ignorant. #Econ101
He is destroying the ACA out of spite. Impeach this sick old man now.
How about because Obamacare does not work on so many fronts. You don't know your constitution or our history. no surprise there....
He doesn't care about Americans.  He has proven that over and over.
Patty the move will reduce the cost of health ins for the majority. I know U don't care about the majority, but we pay the majority taxes
So, an immature, insecure, petty tiny-handed man can't stand the idea that ACA was called "Obamacare" because he hates all non-white people, especially one named Barack so he has to destroy healthcare for 300 million citizens of U.S.? That's a deranged man. #25thAmendmentNow
299,999,999 i can not speak for. It does not work for me. Get pass your name calling you had nothing to say
are you saying citizens banning together across state lines is bad
Pay more? It can't be much worse under Obama Care nightmare. I hope he makes you pay like the rest of us.
Shame on you Donald Trump, that you would dismantle a health care system that Americans relying for their very existence.
The OE allows competition across state lines. That will assure cost will drop and that is good for every one.
.@PattyMurray I appreciate all your hard work for WA & the country. Now please remove the DESPOT in office!
Please can't you do something about Trump b/4 i's too late and he turns this country into a Dictatorship!
They should file that EO with where he placed the Russian sanction papers. You know those things will never get enacted...
you explain how this EO is not good for all of us
It's all about the photo ops.  #MoronInChief has no idea what he's signing.  Nor does he care. Time 4 #lawsuits.
#DotardDonnie
Patty this has to stop. He needs to go.
If we removed every president that a group of people disagreed with there would be no president. You don't know your constitution.
He is such a mean despicable man!
Help us get this Clown outta office
Why don't you get on board #MedicareForAll ?
Time for single payer
We are the united states of america. what other countries do plays no role in what we do.
I hope Karma will get this POS some day, no one deserves it more! #ImpeachTrumpNow
How do we help fight this?
Seriously?! Do u even comprehend the # of people that r going w/o because they can no longer afford the 1 option left 4 them?? U R CLUELESS
They couldn't afford it before ACA, now nobody but Congress will have med ins
Competition is a good thing.
Is this legal?
You do not know what your talking about, start working for Americans and not illegals and all the freebies
I guess his witless supporters are cheering. They've finally got what they want: fucked over. Here is to you bubba! 
More people will now have more options. Please enlighten us on how that's a bad thing?
So did Obama care.
He signs things he clearly does not have the education to understand....
He understands how to destroy. Why do people act like he is here to help and is just hapless? He is evil. Not childish. Clueless. Evil.
He's a bully and acts like a child, that behaviour comes from insecurities. He has the IE of a 9 yer old. He is very childish, he is damaged
That is an insult to nine year olds.
It is............... but you get the point.
I get the point that people over explain his evil vindictiveness. He isn't a spoiled child. He is an evil old man. Hitler wasn't childish.
He is a damaged old man..it's in every word an action. From his weird haircut to his orange face to his obbsessive lying, he is not normal.
His being damaged is no excuse. Many people are damaged. We don't want to hear about the damage if others. I don't care about his his.

Don't just sit there... nullify his executive orders! Laws on the books can't be dismantled by EO anyway!
so do something about it!
Why was there ever a vote on #healthCare if the #FakePresident is going to destroy it anyway?
#FakePresident
Keep fighting Senator!  We depend on you! Thanks. Defending against this Bannon-type onslaught is exhausting,  #Neverthelessshepersisted
This is NOT A DICKTATER (sic) SHIP! 
OR IS IT?
You should learn your history.... you know not what you say
Wrong
Then stop him! Somebody start the convo bout 25th. @VP & friends...GROW SPINES!
Wrong! Have the ability to cross state lines is a good thing. That's why the commies are avainst.
He needs to be stopped, and unfortunately it will take patriotic Republicans who have been complicit to a moron.
He fixing obamas screw ups
Can always count on intelligent responses from his supporters. #smh
Can never count on liberals for anything except lies and destruction
Thanks for sharing your thoughts, Clintbot45408823
Like we did when the Dems crammed ACA down our lives?  Got it!!!
Yes, but I'll make money, and therefore #MAGA! How is that a bad thing?!
So many words! I assumed Donald's conscience was more like this...
Hey, I have some of the best scientists in the world working on alternative energy sources! Don't steal my ideas!
That already happened ... seven years ago.
None coverage doesn't change jus premiums going down hospitals still operating
