I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill. ObamaCare is badly broken, big premiums. Who knows!
Does @POTUS fail to understand that we KNOW HE IS SABOTAGING THE ACA? This man needs to be set straight. He’s a vicious, dangerous liar.
It says a lot about you that you ASSume who I voted for. No big surprise who you voted for.
Yeah. Morons Are Governing America. Morons Are Golfing Again. Morons Are Getting Attorneys. Morons Are Grifting America.
If they’ll have you, you should go! It’s a lovely country.
If the ACA was really failing, donnie wouldn't need to actively sabotage it like he's doing.
He's trying to save us. Liberals are too ignorant to see that.
So you admit that the ACA isn't failing on it's own and your gropenfuhrer is deliberately sabotaging it.
Oh no it's failing. It's been failing from the start. It was built to fail by the worst president in history. Obummer.
Oh puddums. Your ignorance is showing. If it was failing donnie wouldn't need to take active measures to make it fail.
Aww puddums. Thanks for admitting your donnie boy is lying.
@realDonaldTrump Obama care is set to increase 24% in WA state for 2018. This comes on heels of 15% increase this year.
After a mandate like that, the alliance is over. The Prez reached out to you, and you slap him in the face. Let ACA burn!
Sorry Senator, have you ever heard that elections have consequences? You don't make the rules & be grateful you're allowed to discuss it.
Murray Your going to have to  do sumthing about helth care. Trump not going to get blamed if Obama care http://fales.You  are.
Maybe Washington will replace her with someone who is Republican and conservative to protect you from having to pay such high taxes
Well for sure TRUMP does not know
If the senator would do her job RE: healthcare reform you wouldn't have this problem to complain about #resist
What are you protecting? Obama's legacy or do think the ACA is good legislation? You can't throw $ at it as it fixes nothing....start over!
You are dictating conditions that you want meant before you sit at the table. You don't see the hypocrisy with that?
45 is running this country into the ground trying to prove he is smarter than a black man! SICK
Bipartisan means party interests are paramount; which "preconditions" demands corroborate.
Wrk wors like when h on ani wanted a rie aross therive from aoter ttevenually ate him. You do't wat compromise. IM tat' jut a excse todeman.
I’m sure they were glad you left.
Murray's staff immoral self serving vial worthless bunch,just like their boss,your end can't come soon enough
DJTrmp is a liar ALL the time about ALL things-he is chaos and CREATES chaos .....

Exactly what is acceptable for you to save ACA?  Can't U at least look at another approach?
Patty,President Trump was elected to carry out the wishes of American citizens that is why he was elected not the wishes of Democrat party
Then fix the problem @realDonaldTrump stop making it worse.  You gotta get your crap together dude.
your spreading FAKE news,
Instead of BAD mouthing EVERYTHING - WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ""HELP"" """AMERICANS"""!!!!!!!!!??????????????
Apparently your deal with Ryan was a fluke; & you have no legislative skills.
If Murray wants to do her job for the country she will pursue a "nonpartisan"; not bi partisan solution.
Obamacare is a big steaming pile of crap, the only reason to hold onto it is your agenda is really single payer. Thats not an improvment.
Yes, FIX don’t take away!
You re sabotaging his agenda , America is the land of the free, not the land of the socialist. Our taxes are not for others to squander!
You democrats are something , you are not doing anything to help and yet you demand for the nation to become socialist!
All trump cares is that it's not called Obama ... undo all the progress over a name.   So if we call it "the Donald" we can keep it!
Patty voted to exclude herself & family from the mess of Ocare, gave herself a lifetime Cadillac plan on our nickel. Disgraceful hypocrite.
He's no sabotaging something that has been failing from the start.
I decided 2 #unfollowTrump & #ignorehistweets he uses @Twitter 2 manipulate&distract I'm done w/ his narcissistic #patternofbehavior
Hey @PattyMurray , why don't you use Obamacare?
Great point. Stop reducing benefits, fund open enrollment, stop shutting the service down during enrollment, assist Iowa and any who ask.
@realDonaldTrump Both parties just itching to give even more taxpayer money to highly profitable private markets...
He is sabotaging there is proof who will hold him accountable? He is picking out portions a bit at a time destroying our protections & lives
ACA has helped millions. All proposed replacement "plans" cut coverage of millions and won't include preexisting. Horrible thing to do to US
I somehow doubt it is a great bill if Trump endorses it.
He's only cares about profit.  Nothing else. Thats why he's trying to start a war.
POTUS isn't trustworthy a huge disappointment is making america pure h*** again.
Amen !
If repeal is the best way to go why wouldn’t you take it? why is anything off the table idiot! Do it for the USA not your party!
THEY ONLY CARE ABOUT THE STATUS OF POWER AND FAME,YOU KNOW BUT POWER RULES AND FEED YOU SHOULD THATS THE OIL TO YOUR ENGINE
You still think you are dictating terms as the minority, this is why you can't be negotiated with.  You failed the people and they voted.
ObamaCare is failing by the day! Why not repeal and replace it with something that will actually work.
Repeal is the only cure for the ACA.  It is a disaster.  Responsible people have lost their insurance because of the prohibitive cost.  We need to get back to competitive insurance and get government out of it.
And telling sessions to lay off BC.,
But block grants! 
Exactly
has to be this way now that 60 votes are needed to pass any bill now that is rule so follow it please and get better bills then
Cause he's not paying the bill that's what he does!!
Idea: send original bill with a few improvements & call it donaldcare. Tell him he can implement it by decree, true, since its already law
Agree....an offer he won't accept, unfortunately!
The reason ACA is in trouble because the Right will not fund it.
This administration is stuck on destroying our republic.
Thank you Senator. Please do everything you can to help moderate republican colleagues to find common ground to fix what is left of the ACA.
when it comes to Healthcare Congress is the least qualified for any design as exampled by ObamaCare
It needs to be repealed! It's the biggest lie to American people in history.
News flash Patty, stating “repeal is off the table” isn’t negotiating.
If Democrats want to work with the American people, nothing should be off the table.
And don't let the GOP try to hide it in the budget.
More my way or the highway from Sen Murray. Meanwhile premiums to go up 24% in WA .
It didn’t work, so let’s do more of it! 

 No wonder people say you’re the dumbest of all the dumb senators.
If u want to fix health care getting u and the government out is the only way full repeal of Ocare and then go after medi-care/caid
Just goes to show you how democrats are not willing to work towards solutions for Americans.
Democrats and Republicans should not be involved in health care.
Didn't we already delve into this path? Guess it's @GOPs turn now." No, No. We have NEW new healthcare plan. Wait..." Moronic @GOP
The Dems have done theirs which is currently saving millions of Americans that you have been fighting to kill instead of improving it.
Retweet times a million. STOP THE SABOTAGE. No stealth repeal. True bipartisanship.
Really Patty? What about the “sabotaging” you democrats did when Obama was president? Stop acting like 2 year olds and get something done.
What's badly broken is our President and his administration.  He's a nightmare.
22 Democrats in Senate are up for reelection.
Find solutions, common ground, or they will not be back.

Repeal, replace, repair, words do not matter.
AHA costs are exceeding most people's affordability.
Please fix it.
Think people (voters).
If repeals off the table, why bother? You need to take the Medicare money that was stolen
Does @POTUS realize he's killing his base too? Just wait ...
Senator,  please don't let them take away women's health!
What does that even mean?  You want free birth control? Free abortions.  Pay for what you use we don't want to pay for your personal choices
hey Patty, why dont you get off your high horse and think of someone other then yourself?
Since when does the minority party dictate terms?  He's trying to fix a mess the democrats made
@realDonaldTrump But Does Know It's ObamaCare,  smfh
@realDonaldTrump There People That's Has Affordable care Act, That Say It Saved Their Life
ACA is law of the land and donnie is refusing to uphold it which is violation of his oath. #impeach or #25thamendment get the bum out of ofc
Now that's odd given that sanctuary cities are against the law as well
Huh..
@realDonaldTrump Trump Not Paying The Bill To Provider Is What's Making ACA Fail (AKA) .ObamaCare
No it was failing years ago.   It was a Ponzi scheme that made young healthy people pay crazy rates so unhealthy people could get care
@realDonaldTrump Repeal And Replace Trump
@realDonaldTrump Repair What Broken And Not Replace
Ok senator now that you put it that way. ACA will implode on its own...the Dems rammed this down America’s throat and we will not forget
If it was going to implode on it's own then donnie wouldn't need to do anything That he is breaking the law to sabotage it proves he's lying
Going to be a long eight years for you, keep up the resistance, find it highly entertaining, #MAGA
Yes, stand strong Senator Murray!
better not be off the table. It's how He & most of the republicans got elected. We will keep throwing the ones out that don't get it done.
Repeal ACA!!
Seems logical and rational enuff. But then again, this has never been about logic.
underhanded shenanigans, "getting away with something" is his modus operandi
We must be concerned about all People games must be fare with Health Care.  Thank you @Patty Murry@KamalaHarris@DrCynthia live
Get government out of healthcare and let the free market operate
@SenSchumer & @NancyPelosi I hope you're listening to your colleague, @PattyMurray !

This is a scam, he has met w/so many people, they walk away reporting a good conversation and thinking he will work with them, but just bs!
No thanks.  Democrats have done enough damage to our health care.
Yes, T has done more to devalue ACA than the inherent problems. He has ascerbsted the problem by 99%.
He has withheld allocated funds!!!
The question is, do dems want to work with Trump.....and why would anything be off the table.? Sounds like you care more about appearances.
Repeal Repeal Repeal
D's and R's just want power and control for their parties. Until we vote them out for lack of effectiveness there will be no change
Too late. Obama already destroyed it
Sen Murray, keep fighting! The people are with you!
Any idea how silly you sound? Let's work together so long as you do it my way ? Citizens have to stop equating rhetoric with effectiveness
The aca has screwed countless millions and continues to, you own that failure senator, you and your lying partisan libs
There's nothing you said except you will not work on health care. You need to stop your privileged healthcare exemptions and suffer like us.
3 miion votes proves you didn't.
If President  Trump wants to be reelected he better get obamacare repealed in all it's glory.
Beware of #DotardDon  Dems should give him (copy press) a plan to improve ACA.  Let him support it or not.  #midterms only 13 months away
Constituent here. Work bipartisan in hc in congress. But backroom deals w him will make Dems pay at the polls. #ImpeachTheMoron
Resign.  If you love your country at all, you’d resign.
It ruined healthcare. This is insurance only. Where is your investments  ie: pharm, ins co??? It failed and you all got rich
We the people ALREADY voted to end ObamaCare wealth redistribution. DO YOUR JOB or lose YOUR SEAT
To End Something You Need A Replacement, GOP Doesn't Have One For 8 Years
Well they also didn't vote for Obamacare. You libtards own it and its failure skyrocketing rates
Calk all the repubs out... They SHOULD NOT govern by secret meeting and lies to the public
No different than when democrats were in power #hypocrite
100%!..CORRECT!....To let USA citizens suffer like this,is a sin!!!
Keep fighting Patty!!!
Just tell him we'll stop calling it Obamacare. That should satisfy his ego.
Why? Worst thing that can happen is a better solution on healthcare on a bipartisanship basis? So who is being closed minded now?
Try putting American citizen first before Party. You might find Democrats might win a election or 2
ONLY #medicare4all
Make repeal Trump's ,not to be trusted.
@realDonaldTrump  STEP #1 is for all in Senate & congress to have same ACA cvg you have inflicted us with. It will be fixed in a NY minute.
#biggovermentsucks  #TermLimits
Thank you, Senator
