You know there is a rally of white supremacists scheduled for tomorrow in Seattle?
Do you have more specific information about a rally? I couldn't find anything. If you have a link, I'd like to investigate.
Yes. I cannot copy the link on my phone, but on Facebook there is a page called patriot prayer calling for it...
My understanding about the group organizing that rally is that they are right-wing, but not white nationalist in any sense.
White supremacists always show up to their rallies and the Patriot Prayer leaders allow it.
You should know as well as anyone. In Portland, anarchists have rioted twice within a year.
Yes, but they are specifically called out by March organizers as unwelcome and arch-conservative groups don't do that with the neo-Nazis
That's simply not true unless your definition of arch-conservative is very broad.
You worry about Charlottesville. We worry about high taxes, drug overdoses, the homeless. the tents under the freeway. Youhave a great life.
Glad to see you agree with @realDonaldTrump on this topic
Please,Senator Murray,speak out against Trump, Bannon, Gorka, Miller and any other WH Nazi sympathizers. Join with your colleagues and lead.
I hope that extends to Antifa too. All violence must be condemned, whether it's the KKK or goons hired by the DNC to disrupt Trump rallies.
Antifa fight against fascists like the greatest generation did. Do you have proof the DNC did that? No. You don't.
@IndivisEastside
Same as BLM rioting burning attacking people lout ing tipping people cars throwing objects Obama did nothing but encouraged the violence
Don't forget to add that they were terrorist acts.
Only unacceptable because they didn't pay you off, right Traitor Murray?
The idiots of Right Wings are wackos and so is the dumb statements that the President or WH is like of or for this junk
Do you see your following a bunch of wackos who stir up hate, your a poor leader by using hate the Trump to get votes
This statement sounds like Speaker Ryan's.  Say it-- white supremacy and domestic terrorism. Enough of being polite. Calling your offices.
Alt ChuckleHead White Supremacist's ARE Domestic RADICAL Christian #Terrorists FOLLOWING #traitirtRUMP FAKe45 #resist #TrumpCrimeFamily
Hypocrite! What about BLM folks and anti-semite muslims? These are both racists and hate speakers too!!
Where were you during the Berkeley, Portland, Ferguson and other Antifa riots? Can’t have it both ways Sweetie.
Sweetie.
 That's condescending, Honey.
Agree, however, where are you when it is BLM extremist or islamic extremist taking innocent lives? Be consistant or not credible!
PLEASE call out the president for not condemning the white nationalist movement. He has whipped up this hatred. PLEASE speak for us.
These losers are a small percentage of our nation. Noisy, offensive outcasts.
@Amandahd1212 What we are seeing is predictable & calculated. @GOP=racist
when Trump spouts all his racist biggoted crap and causes his KKK voter base to react
When will the Democrats condemn Trump's own bigotry and hatred?  Oh that's right...when they go low, WE GET RUN OVER
Absolutely. Driving through a crowd of people who don't share your views because one is a dillillsioned leftist is not acceptable.
"Leftist?" Seriously? 
By white supremacists... please be specific here since POTUS can only be generic and wimpy
Thanks for your tweet babe.
Thanks, but you're an educator: you know words matter. They are racists, KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists, white nationalists, terrorists
Unacceptable? Yes, but pls lose the anodyne HR vocabulary and amplify yr reaction. This cold-blooded murder.
Exactly, why must the left continue to tear down history to make a point? You keep pushing your hate so expect hate to come back at you.
Thank you for showing leadership for WA state.

Never forget the #OklahomaCityBombing these anti social white national groups are desperate and dangerous. #NRA #DJT promote murder by proxy 
Use the 25th amendment now, as a life long democrat this is where ALL OF YOUR FOCUS SHOULD BE! PERIOD.
What about DSHS in Washington stealing children?  That is acceptable!!
There needs to be more than condemnation! Why are our representatives not doing something about the 'white house"?
Thank you for speaking out personally.
Hows this different from BLM riots?

Plenty of folks to send to North Korea!  #justsaying
Why were you not condemning UCLA black lives matter &other left riots? You are just dishonest liberal ambulance chaser you need to go
Get Bannon & his agenda out of WH! Alzheimer's taking over. Two babies taunting, each one's pokes fuels the other's ego. HELP US! #impeach
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan strongly condemned #Charlottesville ,unacceptable hate & violence,agnst US values should peaceful
Please, Senator Murray, be specific and call out the threat as it is...white supremacy and Nazi terror.
i agree for antifa and others to come to a scheduled rally just to incite violence and shut down speech cannot be tolerated in the usa
WHITE LIVES MATTER
Thank you, Senator.
If you said nothing when Antifa rampaged through Berkeley, save me the sanctimonious moralizing over #Charlottesville.
ppl are seeing it here but these ppl came from all over to do this to US.
#resist
Thanks you and pleases call on our president, the one with Jewish relatives I might add, to do the same!
.@CNN has zero reporting credibility.  We don't know yet what is really happening in #Charlottesville.
Your colleagues @timkaine @MarkWarner @RepTomGarrett  need to show up there.
Then it's time to pressure Mitch to call congress for an emergency special session to FIRE Trump immediately. Change the damn rules.
Trump is perpetually condoning this he manned to be impeached when you all return
Liberal policies are to blame for many of society's ills.
we help to starve millions in Yemen yet the most you've said about it is 2 votes against arming Saudi assured to fail. hateful bigots r us.
Thank you for standing up
Senator Murray I call upon you to also condemn the white supremacists and nazis in the WH - Bannon, Gorka, and Miller.
Shut up
Where were you Patty when BLM burn down cities?
Stop YOUR bigotry

Their "national" rally only drew about 10 people from each state after months of planning. They don't represent anyone but a few haters.
Do you condemn BLM and antifa #FemiNazi ??
But as usual its not the conservatives causing the trouble.
What acts?

one wonders where Trump is on all of this? why isn't he making a statement as well??
Thank you for taking a stand against Antifa terrorist
