Because of President Trump’s reckless, hateful agenda, some 800K young people in this country woke up w great uncertainty abt their future.
Shouldn't it be requirement for Senators to know basic Law? Why aren't you blaming Obama 4 not negotiating w Congress to do DACA  correct
Pass laws...work together...no partisanship...stop the hate of any president. DO YOUR JOB!!
He didn't stop daca, just put it in your hands. Bad move. ?
All these "illegal " folks have had 18-30? Years to be legal. So... patty please help them be legal or they are illegal. Simple
Following the law is cruel? Stop putting people in prison for crimes, it breaks up families. How about the Rule of Law?
Rule of law as for example arpaio? Proven racist and in contempt of court didn't serve any time! He and his benefactor or boobs!
Then fix it! You sat there and allowed Obama to institute it illegally, Stop complaining and start doing your job and fix it!
Can't have to many immigrants now can we?
DO YOUR JOB. Enact the Dream Act RIGHT NOW!
Daca dreamers deserve route to citizenship. #trumpwrong #deamers
You Senator rescinded DACA by your lack of action or even a vote to make them legal.  That is a legislative job, no excutive.
So your damn job and fix it. Am I the only one who understands how laws are made ? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tyeJ55o3El0 … in case you forgot
No it's cruel what Obama did he gave them the path to nowhere
I bet Obama is really enjoying watching all this come down. He will laugh all the way to the political toilet and join the rest of theflush
It’s responsibility of Senate & Congress to keep things in-check in DC.  Why wasn’t action taken when Obama did the DACA Executive Order?
DACA goes against our constitution.  Didn’t you take an oath to uphold the laws of our constitution?
Agree.  I cannot stand to watch him or listen to him, and it infuriates me that the GOP leaders do nothing to curb him.  They're unfit, too.
Well we felt the same with dirtbag that was there for 8 years we heard nothing but lies!
Better get Congress to get going, then. They have 6 months.
If you did YOUR job this wouldn't be an issue would it!  I still think you should be in jail for patriot act!
DACA is against the law.  Obama admitted it was.  What don't you understand?  Pathetic.
Obama passed the buck with a temp measure.  Hop on board to make it right and stop the name calling and polictical grandstanding.
Many in DACA are in their mid-20s.  Why haven’t they applied for citizenship?  Oh, that’s right…end of free programs paid by taxpayers.
You should have done your jobs long ago. Trump is just asking you to make it legal.
Republicans set out to make Prez Obama one term. Didn't happen so they shut down and didn't do their job. No in control and still nothing!
Grow up. It was a unlawful act that Obama  did. He restores unify and they can come thru the front door next
Murray, you chicken Crap congressional people had years to fix the temporary daca  program and YOU DID NOTHING! It's your fault! Period!
He just put Daca back where it should be - your lap.  We pay you. Do your job.
What is cruel is Democrats destroying healthcare and sending millions of jobs overseas.
Please cosponsor S.1615 - Dream Act of 2017. Congress must act now!
Every time you think he can't go any lower he does!
Complain, complain, complain.  It is within Congressional power to legalize DACA.  You look stupid with this issue.
ummm...even for? are you kidding? theres more heartache to come. there is no bottom.
Be a lawmaker. Fix it!
So what if 800K Criminal FreeLoaders are now without, to Damned bad, that much more money the actual working people have not supporting them
Want DACA you pay for em. How about paying for my sons college.  You people are sick! Illegals before taxpayers that keep USA running
Yeah he's kind of forcing y'all to actually go to work. What a terrible person.
Even lower is you know its an unconstitutional law, yet you don't mind using this group as pawns. Digusying!!
It has been 5+ years, if it was so cruel where was your bill to fix it and where is it now?
I happen to stand by the law and the president.
Patty u  never do anything that works. Your job is to make laws DACA is the prime chance for u to pass a law that will work for everyone
No the right thing. American people are done paying for Dreamers.
Crying students in my office, Senator. Good students, AP classes, leadership and ASB. Now fearing deportation. PLEASE HELP!
Oh, so you support Illegal Criminal Leaches,
You are the problem, 
Deport them all,
Relieve the working Americans the task of supporting'm
What do you mean by "leaches"? DACA recipients are not eligible for most social services. Research THEN debate, okay?
Are they here LEGALLY??? No, Deportation time.
Are they receiving government money?? Leach.
Those people do not like Americans and they are killing us in our homes  there thieve I can't keep them out of  house  agree with Mr Trump
You have no clue .why are you a senator
Please STOP TRUMP from destroying our beautiful America
WTF! We had 8 years of Obama's LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!  Now the country is being put back together again!!!!
What irrelevant person you are
You can't even think for yourself. Told to use the word 'cruel'. You do know Obama said daca was temporary... don't you?
You  don't have to go that far to find the true divider, Obummer and you Democrats.
What about legal Americans? Who is looking out for them?
Follow your President a little closer through your own eyes not the eyes of others.
Then write a real #DACA law. 
Met Patty once.. she talked to her AIDE asking why she was still there while we were standing in front of her... real classy lady..
Learn the facts... he didn't rescind DACA its EXPIRING... CONGRESS should have been dealing with this in the first place... GET TO WORK!
he likes to say he broke our Constitutional rights and the Republicans and the Democrats LET HIM and did not IMPEACH HIM.He got away with it
He likes to make children fear him. He relishes in causing adults to cringe and fear him . But most of all
All the things he has done are cruel. We refuse to be and do what he wants us to do. It's time for him to go. Impeach this President NOW.
Get to work..he's the best president we could ever hope for if people like you would shut up and get to work
Sadly, That's become the status quo for this administration, & he's only 8 months in!, ugh 
Affects Black Immigrants Also
https://newsone.com/3745318/daca-black-immigrants-affected-trump-immigration-us/ …
That should throw up #caution flags when he seems to be amenable to #rational #programs . #trump showed what he was on the #campaign trail.
Oh please. Trump had 12 states ready 2 sue, even BO lawyer agreed. Stop blaming Trump for Obama taking this on himself to side step congress
What do you suggest? we should stop being a country of laws and behave like lawless 3rd world country, like Libya and Yemen?
Outstanding, best president we've had since Reagan. TRUMP 2020!!!
Amen!!!!
Go Trump!!!!
It's a race to the bottom EVERY SINGLE DAY!! @GOP is the most detestable metastatic cancer imaginable, eating away the USA at record speed
MAGA!!!
Oh, look!  The trolls have arrived!
The 9th circle of Hell is reserved for traitors to their kin,  hosts,  and countrymen
Where is the imigration reform language that is languishing in committee or from industry experts?  I have contacted the ABA and the AILA.
Oh boo hoo.
Many DACA kids are now parents to natural-born American citizens. Does current admin plan to deport parents of American kids?
Take them all to your place Patty pat ! If daca is illegal what's the problem. Y'all don't give a crap about laws,  kick them out TRUMP !
Senator, I don't believe this is unusually cruel for Trump. For him, I believe it's chillingly normal.
He has no compass, morals, empathy when it doesn't serve to enrich him. Please remember this and thank you for fighting for your state.
I am a citizen and my $16,000/yr healthcare for 1 person bronz plan that my hospital wont take is cruel & disheartening
catastrophically dangerous to massively expand ICE after potus' Arpaio pardon & condoning police brutality - who will seek  job? 1938, 1939
It was going to end in December per Obama.
What would you have her do??? Insist Trump continue to break the law as Obama did? Ridiculous! CONGRESS makes laws not POTUS!
If it was against the law then why did the courts not stop it like trumps ban
No Patty you Dems caused this issue now he is trying to do what the law states how immigration is suppose to be done Facts Patty Facts!!!!!!
Then get to work and fix it! Quit crying.
You got 6 months to prove you aint heartless.
Good call Senator.  These citizens need our assistance. Thank you for your concern.
Senator, it was illegal, it was expiring. What are you going to do about it? 25 yrs you've been in DC, this is worse. Do your damn job.
Tell it to Congress who never made it into law. Washington is worthless.

Except trump uses foreign workers at his hotels. Do as he says not as he does believe him. What a joke!
Illegal immigrants are in direct violations of the constitution.
Relax, he effectively did NOTHING. He's in the pocket of your party now anyway.
What is your path out of having 17500 new illegals in WA state?

#SupportLegalImmigation

Why?  Because he expects you to do your job.  Quit talking about it and get to work.
So glad to hear you being strong on this. No one will be elected if they don't strongly oppose injustices now.
It is unconstitutional. YOU screwed it up by fighting out President and not caring for Americans and doing your job. Get off the soap box!
Don't you people believe in enforcing the laws ?
Glad we have you Patty! Give Trump a hug for us
He isn't my president.
How cute..
Not mine. You don't tell me what to do & you are a liar, which makes you a misleader and weakling. Respect undue. You'll be gone soon. Good.
He's not yours? How's that work? 
I don't look to him for leadership. I don't listen to him, I completely ignore his lies. He gave our elections to Putin. He's illegitimate.
WOWWA! You are seriously "off the rails"!! 
Doesn't matter if you like him or not. Unless you've moved to Russia he is in fact, still your president. Gave our elections to Putin? 
