Your daily reminder: Beyond her overall incompetence, when did Patty Murray craft comprehensive immigration legislation?
As I recall, you cancelled the successful Boeing project which was strengthening surveillance on the borders. Where's your immigration bill?
Talk about immoral : Where is your position on H1B visas ABUSED byt Jeff Bezos and other Seattle businesses? you do NOT stand for workers!

She's as dumb as a doorknob and she puts out these kind of lies while she allows real injustice to Americans.
All Libs do. Want some fun, follow @MomsThoughts and respond to her. She's the biggest Obama lover.
Argh...I've seen some of her fan girl posts - sometimes I eat at my desk during the workday and don't think I could handle her on reg basis
LAW IS LAW NOT TO BE USED FOR [WEALTHY THEIVES] OF [AMERICAN WORKERS MONEY] [TAX MONEY] [WELFARE POLITICIAN THEIVES]
you might want to change that profile picture, fake Christians are the worst.
Do your job! Congress writes the immigration rules. POTUS just gave you back your authority. You're welcome.
Well then pass something on immigration, he can end it, it's an EO, the Executive can cancel it...
Your great* grandparents belong in their birth countries. What are you still doing here?
Well sure. It was legal to murder and steal land from Native Americans when we wrote the laws. Not really something to be proud of imho.
Your constituents see such hypocrisy from you, Murray - you speak of things being "beyond immoral" but you support murder of the unborn???
How  about  going back to their countries  of origen , getting visas and coming back to the US with legal  entries,  just like the legal  immigrants in the USA.
Senator, please get your head out of the economic implications. There is nothing "beyond immoral." No more negotiations with GOP terrorists.
Well there is a need for comprehensive immigration reform which can't be done w/o rescinding #DACA, sounds like a reason to me.
Then why did we need DACA in the first place genius? Maybe emperor Obama shouldn't have tried to side step congress and get an actual law.
Except Obama was "compassionate" and Trump is a racist nazi dictator right?.  Laws go though congress, not executive orders
All about money wasn't it Patty.
Seems the Senator is all about the money. DACA is illegal, no matter what Obama signed. Time to stop rewarding/encouraging illegal aliens!
Quit overspending and it wouldn't be a problem.
It's high time the Senate stop Trump in his tracks! Embrace DACA. You don't work for Trump! @SenateDems @SenateMajLdr @SenSchumer
#DACAWorks
I don't see any of them living with you.  Thousands of homeless yet your doors are locked.
Sadly Trump and morality are mutually exclusive
Morality? Really? You realize how many poor all around the world want to be American? Should we take them all? No borders whatsoever?
Sure - we're the world's flophouse.
Didn't the court say DACA was un-constitutional? Why don't you do your job and resolve the immigration issue in Congress.
Then please propose legislation that would be law, not an executive order that the last president signed.
A frantic Trump wants to show his biased CORE something! And ousting DACA may be it. These motivated kids are OUT PERFORMING his sorry Base
This is what happens when yr brightest & best no longer sit @ D resolute desk. This what happens when morality & decency R void at the top!
You are happy to use the tax code to send millions of jobs overseas while local jobs are taken from Americans. Who's side are you on?
So what is he gonna look good/ compassionate for only threatening --when he can't end #DACA
If you have to use the word "could" you really don't know if we'll lose anything.
We are losing jobs every week under Trump Regime!
Please do anything you can to stop this #GOP Administration from destroying families. #DACA
Thank you Senator Murray for defending DACA!
Trump doesn't care. Main goal : DESTRUCT AMERICAN DEMOCRACY
Let's protect the children... How young are they? ... Average age 26? Children? What?
This is a crock....we will give jobs to those legal citizens that are unemployed.  We will find the American dreamers who have been ignored
So these DACA illegals are worth a billion $$ to WA businesses and you want legal residents to foot the bill to make you look good. Resign!
It's time for war on these assholes. All their doing is ruining our country. These kids belong here. They are Americans.
Please, tell us how we can stop this and the Senate needs to fight This! Mueller must hurry as well
SEE SENATE PEER CIA FOR DETAILS ON FREE-RUN PRODUCT LIST. I WIN!
What about legal #Dreamers Senator Murray?
Children of legal immigrants face "ageing out" due to long Green Card backlogs.Preeti's story: #Fairness4Legals #HR392 #S281 siia.us 
Your daily reminder that #DACA is an (unconstitutional) deferred immigration action and never was a pathway to citizenship.  No illegals.
Trumple-thin-skin has already ruined this one great country!
He did-we'll be fine. Americans and legals first!
Do you have a report detailing how this money would be lost? Do you have WA state reports on tax payer costs for 17k illegal aliens in Wa?
What's your source for the monetary amount senator?
Immoral, that's rich, you have no concept of what that word means.
Well, if it's immoral, you know #45 will do it - he doesn't have morals, ethics, or intelligence, so...
What a clever girl!
Calling the GOP Nazis.
You must have been thinking long and hard to come up with that!
Unimpressed, try a real argument.
Ah, look, a regressive troll!  How unique!  I have a feeling you'd feel more comfortable in Russia, not in the USA.

P.S. I block trolls.
So your saying it is ok to break law as long as WA gets Fed $ as a result.
How about congress writes a law that is fair, just & human AND benefits our country. #DACAWorks
Respect the Constitution or we become a land of lawlessness.
Funny how I  don't hear that argument from the cult when cops shoot black people.
This is a lie
What happens if they end DACA some have homes with mortgages, car loans, credit card balances etc? Will they be obligated to pay?
If someone was sending me back to another country, I would b paying nothing to anyone.
I probably would not pay either.  Banks would have to take a loss
#DACA MUST END   PUT AMERICANS TO WORK FIRST!!!!   @POTUS
Time to find another job Patty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How about some concern for Washington's homeless. Never a word for our vets. Just refugees and DACA. Who elected you.
#DerHorrorClown won't annihilate DACA, but he will enjoy hanging that threat over Dreamers' heads a tad longer. #SadisticTwerp
And what are we saving when we dont pay their benefits, Healthcare education etc.  your comment is disingenuous at best more a flat out lie
That's Great!! End daca! Now!
End it now
Trump doesn't care-GO MUELLER GO!
Not a good business decision by a self-proclaimed great businessman, beyond the fact he has zilch empathy. "The Texans are so happy."
More like brave and hopeful, even while facing loss of their jobs & healthcare, while DT destroys ACA when Texans face toxins, illness.
Anyone that wants to break the law needs only your reckless tweet you defend themselves. In a liberal world laws don't matter
All usa immoral fad of horrible USA
It's immoral to keep an unconstitutional law to protect non citizens. Who cares about utility?
So you want to keep them for the money, eh? Hmmm sounds heartless to me. Oh and it is not immoral, it is however immoral to break the law...
About the same asked him to stay in the Paris Agreement too. 

Oh well....
Business leaders wish to keep low wage workers rather than pay citizens American Living Wage. You rather help them. #TermLimits
Sen Murray: I hope you are hard at work coming up with legislation that gives Dreamers a path to citizenship. End the insanity for good.
They are here illegally taking Americans' jobs. Whose side are you on?
Your Daily Reminder: #EndDACA 
You work for American Citizens, Senator, not Illegals.
Tell us "regular" folk where that 1B figure comes from. Life-long pol wants to lecture about morals?
What about the unemployed #American testers, devs, PM's, Analysts, that are unemployed LOCALLY?! #PugetSound #Seattle #Bellevue #Redmond
I don't think he'll end it he is just posturing. He wants us to know that he has power. He wants us all to grovel and beg at his feet.
Dreamers need deported along with the people who spawned them.
It IS NOT IMMORAL...their PARENTS broke the LAW...it is the PARENTS fault if they must leave...we have a clear road to immigration......
Blame it on the fat kid!
Keep it up. DACA requires bkgrd checks every 2 years, $500 filing fees, more. Don't pass bkgrd means deportation; law abiding & productive.
When making claims about benefits of policies, I find it more convincing if you #citeyoursources
MSM HUNDREDS OF FAKE STORIES (TRUMPS GOIN DOWN) 
HES RUSSIAN/
HES RACIST
SADAMM DID 911/WMDS
AT WHAT POINT DO U REALIZE YOUR BEIN LIED TO?
DACA= DUM AMERICANS CAN'T ADD. I want everybody to think has the Senate or House been telling Truth or r they lieing OH TRANSPERANCY ????
And save 10 bil in gov spending
CREATE JOBS $$ is all you want NOT THE LAW OF OUR LAND DHAME ON YOU!

A lie.the funds regenerated 2 appropriate expenses will better serve America's http://intrest.how  dare u speak of this as immoral!
Globalist pols and greedy corporatists see their lawns going unmanicured and pool cleaning expenses going up.
It's your immoral not oursblock head. Shut up!
End DACA so American dreaming children will have a wonderful Christmas morning as a result of their father getting a job stolen from him.
Follow the dollar. . It's so sad.
Law and justice to Americans shouldn't be all about money.. #EndDACA
Thank you mr. Bones I agree with you 100% the DEMS GET ALOT OF ILLEGAL VOTERS AND ALOT FROM THE SWAMP.
THAT MONEY SHOULD BE PEOPLES
That is nice.Send The Dreamers back home FREELOADERS.Take care of the USA people and Veterans First.Send FREELOADERS homeOpen your eyes
You all are about follow the dollarPiss on the USA people and VeteransLet's send the Dreamers back home FREELOADERSortheUSA people and Vets
Stop the blame game & change the law. POTUS does not make the laws, you do. How long have you been around, Senator? Do something. #stopblame
patty murray your such a LIAR
BINGO!...
Come up with some correct numbers and convince me because your numbers are not real hate to tell you that ma'am your numbers are not real
The state of MA spends more than 1.8 billion on benefits for illegal "dreamers". Sounds like ending #DACA is a win win.
Amen
That is not the numbers my accountants
Come to me with. But u r using the countries BUDGET OFFICE and we know they are not very right lately
Senator, I beg you & your peeps to kick some ass. You MUST protect them. They are our children & it'll take a village. Village up peeps!
If he was brought here as a child, he has every right to remain here legally thru #DACA Period.
Democrats won't be happy until every American is put out of work by a low wage illegal immigrant. #VoteThemOut #Resist #donothingcongress
Watch this. If he decides not to end #DACA he'll probably paint himself as a savior. 
I don't think you have to worry about that
Impeach fake illegitimate president now!
