Name the broken promises!
Anything that is not accomplished is the fault of Democrats that go against anything every Republican stands for,  so blame yourself
another Obummer
Thank you for representing us so well in DC. I'm so proud of you. If you need any help let me know.
So did you and Obama. We gave you eight years to #MAGA. It would appear that a fair number of Americans feel you have failed.
Stay strong resisting Trumpcare, supporting PP. Use stupid wall money for education instead.
How about doing something about the improper illegal acts by administration r u going to do something about it? #sickofit
According to MSNBC? Senator, u really need to start diversifying where u get ur news. Ur lookin' a little biased.  What a joke u r. @POTUS
He didn't promise U anything Patty, cause U didn't vote 4 him. His supporters R still with him. No Dem message, but 
He's done more in 100 days than she did in her entire career.
One word, GORSUCH.  That's all I wanted and the WALL, which currently taking bids.
Senator Patty Murray has accomplished nothing all year.  Where I work I would get fired for stealing from the company.
More like 100 years of being in hell. #Trumprussia
You are full of it! Trump has done more in the first few months to improve our country than Obama has done to ruin it in 8 years!
Proving incorrect the hypotheses than "an outsider" will bring change. Reality: experienced politicians know how to get stuff done.
It would be refreshing to only hear about what *you* are accomplishing for your constituents, instead of this ongoing mudslinging.
Why don't you demic-rats quit hindering him??? You are the problem!
You are a failure as a senator. Typical liberal snowflake
Liar
#impeachTrumpnow #Trumprussia
How many YEARS of broken promises have u given us. Patty u are a sad excuse for a senator
What has the Senate done in the last 100 days?
You may not like this-but conservatives sure do and we're pretty happy!
 

 
So tired of your continued bashing of our President. Perhaps it's time to stop being such a strict partisan and work together!
Less partisan preaching to the choir, more lighting fires under @SenatorBurr & @MarkWarner. Issue subpoenas & prepare to #ImpeachTrump .
PLEASE! He's done More for thus country in 4 months than Obama did in 8 years. Wake up!
You guys have GOT to find a new punchline. Nothing seems catchy anymore.
When is he going to be held accountable for ethics violations? Now the State Dept is advertising Mar a-Lago? ENOUGH! Stop him now.
I don't want what he promised so that is ok to some degree.
Grateful for DJT! But you still moon over Hillary...never forget Benghazi! She should be in prison.
Travel ban, you're right but that's on your judges letting more terrorist in the country. Will get Obamacare out its a big mess! Checked off
#Gorsuch #DeVos, exposed libs like you as absolute obstructionists, enough for me
Unlike the Republicans? I don't understand.
That is what EVERYONE who goes to DC does. when will we see a balanced budget? I love that you want to give us one. Work WORK work. Blessed
BS patty murray. You've been in your office and haven't done anything foe economy but raise taxes smoke and mirrors.
Thank you President Trump for everything you try to do. So many liberal roadblocks. It is hard to fight stupidity. Don't give up POTUS 45
That is a lie. Appointed a Supreme Court Justice, rolled back Obama executive orders, save jobs companies brought back their factories
And what have YOU accomplished in your +20 years in DC? He's done more than you in less time!...
In has been 100 days of broken. Period.
Why is impeachment taking so long ?  The Russia puppet is selling out our country and our values
Most of us Dems would call it 100 days of HELL.
Liar. It appears someone did not learn how to read in grade school
Only because you and your cronies have stood in the way of progress! #sickofDems
What r u going to do when u lose your job. Trump will overcome all of your dem. Shit
Thank you Patty for all you do for us!
Start working for America and stop being selfish. You DMS sense day one past election putting your interests first.
what else from a con artist #BrokenPromises #conman@realDonaldTrump
He need to resign.

100 days of migraines 
What's new? All of you politicians lie to the American people. I guess he is on par for the course.
Democrats = Sicko Liars!
What the hell ever! The shit Democrats have been doing, or not doing should I say, is to blame! Y'all can say what you want..America knows!
and thats the good news
I'm shocked democrats don't think President Trump is doing a good job LOL
Promises without preparation lead to failure. Trump is a huge failure as a leader but is making huge personal profits. He must be removed
STOP LYING!  YOU DEMS ARE ACTING LIKE A BUNCH OF SPOIL BRATS WHO DON'T GET THEIR WAY.  GROW UP!!
Impossible are meant to be broken.
So right!
Meanwhile, you all have forgotten about his ties to Russia and have started acting like this is normal. It's not. Focus!
Did they find anything
How hypocritical that a career politician criticizes about broken campaign promises
You've been 20 years of nothing
I fear Trump will start a war in order to have done something.
Senator, please work across the aisle to fix Obamacare, fund schools and protect our institutions. Let's get out of this partisan rut.
There is no " across the aisle" for her to work with. GOP proved that by blocking Garland, not investigating Russian election interference..
They have to try & ppl need to see it and how GOP obstructs. Maybe will move some people to demand change. Otherwise how will it change?
45 is still dismantling America hes not making anything great!
Needed it after 8 long years of Obama
Obama did a lot of things right, get over it
Focusing on Trump bashing gets us nowhere.
You might want to wake up and realize the Repubs are coming for the blue states on tax reform. Great if you can try and protect WA taxpayers
Give me a break! It's been 100 days of obstruction by the Commiecrats (aka Democrats).
No Patty ...he is doing all we have elected him to in-spite of the hostile swamp in WA and bias MSM. Stop your lies. @realDonaldTrump
What a load...You have been there 25 years and look at what's happened, budget, schools, deficits...Now, get to work instead of pandering.
So, is it time to push impeachment or an Independent Investigator, or both?
to fix something, it has to be broken
Can anyone indicate ONE important piece of legislation the Congress has forwarded and 45* has signed? NOT executive orders. Legislation.
And what have YOU accomplished since being elected?
Nope. 100 days of lies.
trump is not our 
President Hillary Clinton is our 45th President of the USA
 trump is a gop nazi russian operative -
 A traitor to the USA
Hillary may be your president but she is NOT OUR president! Trump won. Get over it.
I think you should reconsider you answer here.
where's the coal cleaning jobs at ?
coming up on 100 days in office and I think we've seen 100 lies while he's been in office ! Trump is a CONMAN !!
Good. His promises were ridiculous.  
