Senate Republican leaders have done everything possible to prevent people from seeing their version of #Trumpcare. It's truly unprecedented.
No hearings. No scrutiny. No public input. And why is that? #Trumpcare
They promised to lower health care costs—and Trumpcare raises them, especially for seniors and those with pre-existing conditions.
The GOP doesn't care as long as the donors get their paybacks. #MAGA
Follow the Money
LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES
#TeamPatty Thank you for making WA state proud. You do keep those #GOP type feet to the fire .
Thanks for sicking Chuck Schumer's puppet on all Americans. Not. She dances forhim whatever he tells her. Dance puppet.
Why do Dems keep insisting successful people owe something to people that screwed off and didn't strive to be successful
What can we do to prevent this travesty?
Chuckie just winds Murray up and she blathers out whatever he whispers in her ear. Same thing she did for crazy Harty Reid.
Just tell her what to say Chuckie Schumer and she'll do anything you tell her. Dance puppet, dance.
Thank you Senator Murray for standing up and speaking out on behalf of your WA State constituents and all Americans. #WA09 #Democrat #Voter
Who voted for this Schumer puppet @PattyMurray -dance puppet dance.
@crystal_night20 It's been 150+ days of Donny Baby Hand's presidency. How has it tangibly made your life better? Have you received a (1/2)
(2/2) stimulus check as you did in Pres. Obama's first term. He wasn't perfect, but he made progress. #ProudDemocrat #WA09 #NOTrumpCare 
Murray used to be Crazy Harry Reid's mouthpiece now she kisses the hand of vile @SenSchumer . This woman is slave to nasty men.
Well, people don't hide their negotiations behind closed doors if they're not ashamed of them.
Thank you both for standing against this horrible bill! @SenatorCantwell
Obamacare was jammed down our throats 7 years ago and you were all in. All you do is complain and offer no fix. #TERMLIMTES
REPUBLICANS going to flip-flop...

Who is this a mini me Pelozi
hopefully some republican senators will not be bullied into voting for this odious bill
Where did Sen PM get the idea that Rep. Senators had a sense of shame. Look at the domestic policies they push.
How do you know all this when you haven't seen it?
You need to look at All your broken promises!
Keep up the negative rhetoric. Ensures more #GOP victories.
actually I am ashamed of ALL OF YOU! u folks work for we the people, not yourselves. get bipartisan or get out!
You all just want to lie to the public about our Duly elected  God sent President. Get off your asses and get to work.
Blame yourselves for the woes of healthcare because all you democrats do is obstruct you don't want to help .
Good lord! Do these Republiclones realize they just painted targets on themselves? Even the handicapped will be sighting them in. Dangerous!
TrumpCare = The rich get richer. The poor get sicker.
What would I care. I am rich, and my supporters are uneducated. #maga #TrumpCare #Obamacare
No, America is ashamed and disgusted with Obamacare Republicans are trying to improve healthcare without making it mandatory (or be fined)
Improve their tax cuts? At what cost to everyone? ACA wasn't perfect, by any means, but trumpcare is shameful and not healthcare at all.
Remember how you Demos passed yours? Told us vote first, read later after vote Patty !!!
Fake, you haven't even read the bill.
You left out how many pts. stopped going to the doctor because of their outrageous deductibles! How many people died under Obamacare??
It is #mean and drops coverage for so many Americans. @SenateMajLdr and @SenateGOP do not care about older Americans, women, poor. #sad
Ha democrat Schumers paid trolls are out.Never gave a damn about Obamacare ruining healthcare formillions
They hid it because they know it's awful. @SenateMajLdr @PatToomey @SenMikeLee
GOP putting soft ball on  tee 4 trumputin.
Fraud gets 2 scold GOP for bad bill...FAUX "news", specifically hannity, will lead slobber swoon
Then stop complaining and start working to make it better!
Figures Oregon and Washington senators...butthurt as they are because they know democrats law on health is failing..blame republicans..sure?
so are you ashamed of what #Obamacare has done? Fewer or in many cases no coverage options, higher cost, higher tax burdens.
"Mean" is forcing the middle class to foot the healthcare bill for every illegal immigrant who crossed the border! That's a disgrace!
You already read it? 
Come on.....how many pages?
ACA was written by the insurance companies. Failing. @TheDemocrats have failed. #DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit summer continues. Shame
They should repair Obamacare but is too late for that. Trump government has destoryed it by all the conversation of repeal/replace.
They own it now!
Swampcare2017
Not yet, they have to wait and sneakily pass it on Christmas Eve to compete with Dems Obamacare...
Obamacare bill left out the part where my prem. went from $205 mo. to $1,193 and I still had out of pocket $15,000+. LIARS! LIARS! LIARS!
#StopMeanieCare
So all the Dems can come up with is "mean"?   No wonder we're losing!!!
That is #fake45 word he used when describing the bill. 
All over the news. 
Not Dems
Yes:
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
Hypocrite! Dems passed Obamacare w/o approval from anyone and what a LIE IT WAS! IT WAS GREAT FOR ILLEGALS...THEIR INS. WAS FREE!
Are you kidding?  They have no shame. They can't wait to uncork the champagne.  For them, this is a dream come true.
That's why it was done in secret. Where's the outrage?
Thank you, my senator - please keep speaking out! 
I agree with you except for the "ashamed" part. These people do not feel "shame."
You sound exactly like corrupt Schumer.
Your pres lies:
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
Hey I agree with Patty Murray. However Even A broke clock is right twice a day.
Fight them every way you can, @PattyMurray & @SenatorCantwell. Stop the Senate from functioning if it comes to that.

We have your backs.
.@PattyMurray is a lying emotional terrorist who can't name a single #GOP she claims is "ashamed" of the #Trumpcare bill.
Any coincidence that the 3 up there represents 3 of the more liberal states?
Nope. That was entirely planned. They are emotional terrorists crying about #Medicaid, which should be fully funded at STATE level.
I like to call it #wealthcare.  Saw that yesterday and felt it would perfectly describe the mess rolled out today, as it does.
Exactly... Cause thats what it is. A damn sham
#AdaptAndResist are being arrested outside of @SenateMajLdr office for PEACEFUL protests. #Unconstitutional
Sure they aren't being arrested for trespassing?
Public building.
