i don't have any more questions, i know she is unqualified and should be voted AGAINST
Stay the course, and DENY DeVos.
All thugs wearing smiles and some wearing bows in their hair. Vote NO. #BeAfraid
Please Senator, do everything you can to prevent her confirmation.
vote no on DeVos and Sessions.  E. Wash supports you!
not questions. EXTREME opposition.
Please don't let this happen. Demos is horrific.
you still have questions because you have no intelligence
billionaire Betsy DeVos has no teaching exp, she & her kids never attended pub shcool,donated $9.5mil to Trump.
we have no questions. It's a NO!!!!
@katie98026 @washingtonpost 
Please vote this travesty down, ma'am.
Kids are too important to have a novice at the wheel.
Vote NO- no excuses
You and every other Democrat would have questions about President Trump's nominees no matter who they are, even if they're Christ Himself!
Sure hope you are listening to kids, teachers, and parents and vote NO on DeVos!
please vote NO on DeVos. Our children deserve better!
So totally glad you're not voting for devos!
Nooooo, she is not even remotely qualified and her agenda would destroy public education. Vote hell no!
@davereichert why are you silent here too Dave? No backbone? Stand up for our kids. You know this is wrong!
there should be no question! She is not fit for the job!!
We don't need an educational theocracy. Vote her down.
Please block, obstruct and fight to make sure our children are safe from her!
PLEASE don't vote to confirm her.
Please convince the rest to say no to DeVos
DeVos has given all the answers it takes for you to represent our will by voting NO.  Respectfully, please vote NO.
vote NO on DeVos!
Please vote NO on DeVos! Thank you @PattyMurray @washingtonpost
Are senators still questioning on our behalf?
Please vote NO and convince colleagues to do the same. She will widen the gap and destroy public education.
#DeVos is not merely unqualified for the position, she will actively destroy public education. I'm with u!
DO NOT vote this one in.
do not confirm Devos! She is bad for schools!
keep asking until ur satisfied with her answers besides grisly bears!
Don't let them. @PattyMurray @washingtonpost
keep up the fight against her please !
I have no questions. I have an answer though...NO to DeVos. Period. No to all nominees. Period.
You have been noticed and you don't have to let them. this conversation is getting tiring. The answer is no. And we support that answer.
Do not let them do it. These are our children and grandchildren we are talking about. Handicap Children. Do not do it please. Thank you.
please say no to one and all. They all suck and are grossly unqualified. #resist
Keep resisting...
Keep at it, Patty. We are counting on you!
There are no questions. We have one thing to say: Don't confirm her. Zero questions left. Don't. Do. It.
Those questions should be directed at you/colleague's--25 yrs and education is in the toilet. #Resign
Are you sure that it isn't just your Teachers Unions?
vote no. Unqualified
The vote is NO. That's it. NO. Thank you.
I understand why, charter schools outperform public schools
Please vote no!
she is UNqualified!
No questions here, just answers. Her history in Michigan makes me scared for my future and mom's job security.
WE DON'T NEED ANYONE IN OFFICE WHO DOES NOT BELIEVE IN OUR PUBLIC EDUCATION. WE DON'T NEED DE VOS.
@Random_Neuro123 @washingtonpost Enough votes to block? Hope so
no one has questions she is a horrible choice... Go impeach The president before it's too late
no questions NO DEVOS NO F'in way

@BarackObama @POTUS44 @ObamaFoundation 

Mr. President,…
Nope, no questions here. Super clear. She is unacceptable. As my senator I hope you agree. #NoDeVos
please vote no on Devos!
please keep her from being confirmed as the nominee.
RESIST!
Sen. Murray please vote NO on this absolute nightmare of a woman. She would destroy public education.
.@PattyMurray Wrong. We don't have questions. .@BetsyDeVos is completely unqualified & will destroy the public school system. End of story.
please block this nomination—and ALL Trump noms—entirely. His cronies are already destroying our country.
Will Trump allow a foreign attack?.. Voice of Americans..Americans Fear their President will allow harm..
As it should parents should have the right to choose what school their children will go to.
She has no idea what a school is or why people need them. #NoDeVos
Please, please, please vote no.
Please don't let this happen. The woman in utterly unqualified.
thanks for continuing to stand up against her nomination!
