Republicans aren't listening & instead are barreling ahead to fundamentally change the way we choose who is on the Supreme Court.
Republicans are willing to do whatever it takes—including using the nuclear option—to force through Trump’s Supreme Court nominee.
The truth is this: If you can’t get 60 votes, you should change your nominee—not the rules. #SCOTUS
At times it appears as if Trump shows a twinge of envy towards those before him who was PRESIDENT/POTUS especially when it comes to Presi-
President @BarackObama . When it comes to Presi. Obama, Trump will find away to blame him, even for issues out of President Obama control...
Trump needs a "WIN" any kind of win especially since "TRUMPCARE" was a bust. The Republicans got to give Trump something to called a "WIN"
at no matter what the cost, even if the method use to get that win, may cause problems in the future for the Republican party. To keep Trump
happy and to calm or soothe any feelings of anger coming from Trump because of another failure, this could be why the Republicans took this
stop obstructing and confirm Gorsuch
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
Well, if your candidate had won the election, she could've chosen him but....
My candidate didn't commit treason by colluding w/ Russia. Trumplethinskin is a traitor to this country #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Yeah actually she did. Uranium 1
Then you should have placed country ahead of party hackery and voted to confirm this highly qualified associate justice! #CluelessLiberals
It was all well and good when Harry Reid brought it on board. You mealy mouth hypocritical bunch. Sad day for YOU.
2018:They are all going ...
I will gladly take that bet and even give you some really nice odds. The Dems are going to lose Seats in House and Senate.
Thank Harry, remember him?
What goes around comes around. This will come back to bite @GOP in the butt!
Correction: What the Democrats did just bit them in the butt. Funny stuff
Trumps house of cards will crumble. @GOP needs to salvage any credibility they have now #traitor #treason #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Putinspuppet
I don't think so. The beauty is the next SCOTUS nominee can be anyone the Republicans want.
UR ASSuming the @GOP will maintain control in the next election. Bless your heart 
It's OK Debbie. Once Trump succeeds and he will. Democrats will never win again. Liberalism will soon fail all across the nation.
 succeeds @ what? Being #narcissist of the yr? That man doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground! & U support him? Bless your heart
1 thing good I will say about liberals is they are very loyal. No matter where the facts lead they always tow the party line.
Not sad for me!  We need that ninth judge  and a complete court. Put politics aside.  Gorsuch will be a fine judge.
Well you shouldn't haven't ordained Hillary then now shouldn't have you.
Ya , it's okay when the Dems do it, but God forbid the GOP do as you did.
You can give Harry Reid a call and thank him!
Every minute you remain in the Senate is a sad day
I can just see them whining piteously when power shifts as it always does and the new rules allow Dems to ram things through.
And that they will come in they will live to regret this move. It just shows how inapt the GOP is. They have no plan they only want power
Critical thinking and long term planing are not exactly their strong suit.
If you mean "long term planning" as referring to Harry Reid creating the nuclear option in 2013 I could not agree more.
I don't. Good try. Keep working and your reading comprehension will improve.
If u want a justice to stand up to exec overreach, Gorsuch is ur man. If u want someone legislate from the bench u should be replaced.
So walk out. If Republicans can stall for a year, Dems should too. No Dems, no vote.
It's a little different, Garland wasn't even given a hearing never mind this far! They have to do their jobs, but we will get them one day.
No see they are doing their jobs by walking out and crafting worthwhile humanitarian focused legislation.
The rules only apply when you want them to?? Hypocrite!!!
Have you ever heard about Sen. Reid's idea to come up with the nuclear option! I have, thank you Harry! Works both ways!
Blowing up the rules of the Senate was a daily adventure under Harry Reid..
you need to stop whining......and  Harry Reid was the one who blew up the rules, thank you very much
You & other Democrat Senators should have voted for Justice Gorsuch. He is a fine ethical man but politics prevaled. Sad.
Indeed. That old dirtbag #HarryReid should have thought about that back in 2013. #hack #fool
Funny how when we play by DEMS rules, you cry foul!!!
It's a sad day for America and our Republic not just the Senate, madam.
Democrats got what they wanted. No surprises here. NOW Ginsburg and Kennedy will be replaced with strong constitutionalists
Sad the democratic senators are more concerned with politics than a qualified candidate
A sad day for DEMOCRACY. A sad day for our whole COUNTRY. Many sad days since Trump became POTUS. 
.@PattyMurray .@AlimiBallard .@Rosie .@sunny .@JedediahBila ButWait CanUsay  #HYPOCRISY #BoysAndGirls  #Unbelievable #Syria #RefugeeBan
Sadder day when you stacked the lower courts.
Maybe if you would just confirm Gorsuch instead of protesting him like children bc you didn't get your way, there'd by no nuclear option
Maybe you should have thought about that when you chose to filibuster...
Patty. It's a sad day for a lot more than the U.S. Senate. All we want is for Senators to vote their inner voices for what's right and wrong
It wasn't dangerous whenever Reid did it? If you didn't want it used you should have stopped Reid.
Make no mistake, this happened not because of the filibuster. This happened because he was given a hearing at all. #StepItUp
BUt Blowing up to rules to flood the Federal courts with Obama appointees was fine with you? --YOU HYPPOCRITE!
We're now living under the Reid rule.  Perhaps the Dems should pick an adult to lead the minority house instead of the 2nd grader from NY.
Patience Senator. You'll have a chance to respond. Remember, revenge is a dish best enjoyed cold.
I agree! And I think this will come back and bite Mitch McConnell in his ass! He needs to retire his resentful self!
Oh shove off, if you couldn't muster the outrage when Reid started this in 2013, you have no ground for it now
Wait Marina, didn't you just do another twitter post where you said this didn't matter cause they had nothing to lose? You are lost dear.
It was a sad day in 2013 that started this.  Should have found more mainstream lower court justices, Senator.
And for the country.
mitch mcconnell is just vile.
@valleylea @time4kind The #GOP is doing this because they expect that only they will benefit because only they will control congress.
Too bad obstructionism & revenge on both sides prevents working together 4 our country. Filibuster should've been saved for truly bad apple.
Hypocrite
Your remarks would be funny were they not so hypocritical! I don't recall  you making these remarks when Reid did the same thing!
Does that make Blowing up another country a bad expressway? We'd better buckle up...its gonna get bumpy
Elections have consequences.  Get behind your President!
Too important to let GOP declare war on our democracy y bully its way to put unfit Gorsuch in lifetime SC. Tragic Object 2 this
Good luck preserving our two party system
@JoyAnnReid Yes it is.Sad that nominee was not worthy of the required minimal amount of votes.60 out of 100
It's a great day for the US. If I had to choose b/w a great day for the US and a bad day for the Senate, I'm picking the US every time.
No. The sad day happened when that liar @SenateMajLdr refused to hear Garland. That was when they went nuclear.
In more ways than one.

Pandering, partisan, do-nothing whiner. #ThatIsAll
I mourn the loss of my country.
You Dems have been escalating these fights for decades, and this a result of your and Harry Reid's actions.
You dems out the rules in to allow yourselves the option to bypass the reps. When the tables turn on you...you guys cry foul. #lies #smh
Acting like childish idiots is the real tragedy. Congratulations Democrats! Y'all look like fools to all, except to your peanut gallery...
.@PattyMurray Works both ways. The Rs will regret this.
the march towards no checks and balances and tyranny by the majority party...
. @PattyMurray  agree! @GOP @LindseyGrahamSC should be ashamed #StolenSeat belongs to M.G.! #ShameOnGraham
You can thank Harry Reid...
Yes it is the start of a fascist regime.  When are you ALL GOING TO WAKE UP AND SEE HOW DANGEROUS TRUMP IS. HE JUST COMMITTED AN ACT OF WAR
So so sad 
I voted for him just because feminists hated him, I have absolutely no clue what his policies are
Come on dude we take a dump on republicans whenever they say fake horseshit like this, we expect better from you
Sad day for the United States 
You Democrats are ready did that when Obama was president to get your judges to deal with it snowflake
The GOP are now led by racist idiots who put party abov country. Sad. Traitors
That was a stolen seat. Gorsuch had no integrity or honor.
If we restore DEM majority in '18, I hope you will fix the harm this admin has done!!
Agreed! That said however - I hope when the tables are turned the Dems will remember this and do likewise, no more Mr. Niceguy bullshit.
Blame yourself Murray.  You know damned well Reid and the dems made this possible!  You're a disgrace.   Stop your lying!
Another sad day for America.
Thanks to the Democrats for coming up with that plan! Harry Reid!
But didn't Harry Reid use this tactic in 2013, Am I right?
Thank you for voting for what is right.
If you and your fellow Dems enter into ONE agreement, allow ONE vote in the Senate, SHAME ON YOU
@SenateGOP has become OUR DICTATOR!  They TOTALLY IGNORED THE VOTE OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. This is how A DICTATORSHIP WORKS! HIAL GOP!
sure you supported Reid when he set the precedent
Democrats would have done it to the Republicans if they had the opportunity anybody with a brain knows this to be true.
Unless you can show me where you shared this same sentiment when initiated by Harry Reid I kindly request you remain silent.
Sad day for sure 
Neil Gorsuch is the cream of the crop and you know it, the Democrats brought this on and you know you will use this new rule 1st time u can.
, the Democrats started this meltdown...They get what they deserve and we, the people, get a good judge to represent us....
Senator Murray Please Bend over and pull your head out slowly, you have lost to much oxygen...
Such a bad day
very sad day for http://democracy.gop  shameful. Disgusting.corp controlled.$$$ ignoring trump and Russia.
Don't disagree, but can't help but think if script flipped and GOP filibustered a more liberal Justice nominee, Dems would do same thing.
Keep telling it.  People should be outraged by the GOP choice to take what they wanted. That is not the way to run a country.
YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE!...YOU DID IT WITH HARRY REID..REMEMBER?!?!??
Poor little pathetic Patty ---what is dangerous is the Dems obstruction and lack of understanding that SC Justice should not be ideolog.
The sadness is you liberals are a bunch of Hippocrates,2018 and 2020 is not far away to unseat the rest of you clowns and that includes RINO
Hi LillyZ, sorry to disappoint but you can't have a bunch of Hippocrates, just the one, me.
Blue wave in 2018, flip it all in 2020. Nothing but regrets.
Excuse me, but you're a senator. Do you have a clue at all about your party's history with judicial filibuster rules?
I hope McConnell lives long enough to rue the day he dealt this fatal blow to judicial independence.
Make it stop...these people work for US...do they know that?? We don't want Gorsuch...we don't want Trump either.He's trying to save himself
Why is this so different to you than what you voted for in 2013. We want leaders with principals not partisanship.
Absolutely right (/S), it's not like the Dems used it to stack the lower courts with unqualified, agenda driven jurists
.@PattyMurray the bad day happened in 2013 when Harry changed the rules. This is just the fallout. #WhatGoesAroundComesAround. #SupremeCourt
You all brought this upon the country with your childish behaviour.  It's about time Democrat learns personal responsibility
#SadDayForAmerica
Harry Reid and chuck can share the blame for this!!
it is your own doing. You new this would happen and you went teree anyway. Democrats you used it first.
Ditto thanks for fighting for WA @PattyMurray
Actually the sad day came when "Reid Bill" was introduced
It's called desperation .. hells hole is big enuf to take them all in!!
The @GOP must be stopped and reined in!  And ousted!!!!  #GOPisaBunchofTraitors
Wait until the DNC has controlling interest. Turn about is fair play!
We have to make sure they deeply, deeply regret that decision.
Someone paid 10M to get him in. Follow the money! Selling out the country for more money amd power. Fricken shame
More than two centuries of procedure that made the Senate a different place. A deliberative place where concensus cooled the passions of Hse
There's the Senate and then there's the GOP version of the Senate
2/ #Democrats have a record of #rightslegislation & all Democrats need 2 run on this foundation from now on!  Throw away NO opportunities!
Very true.  I & the rest of the #Democrats need 2 c reps 4 who & what they r now.  We the people r activated & need 2 vote them out! 1/
It's a sad day for our DEMOCRACY! The American people will RISE UP LIKE NEVER BEFORE!!!
Why do you think it infuriates us so, when Democrats don't play as dirty as GOP does?
The GOP gave the filibuster a death by 1000 cuts by flagrantly abusing it as a wpn for 8 yrs--today, they finally got around to burying it.
What GOP has done will be their death nail partisanships isn't DEMOCRACY its Tyranny karma boomerangs back sooner than later!
The Reid option! Dems started it
The sad day came when democrats choose to believe they are the only ones that are right. Spy, lie,and riot seem to be the dems way.
@SenMajLeader & @SenateGOP  don't care.  We'll see how they feel in the next election. #StolenSeat #russiagate
Agree. How are average Americans supposed to feel secure when government can just change the rules on a whim ?
Yes it is! The GOP chose to change the rules instead of following them because they didn't have the votes. The Corruption in GOP- rampant!
Thank you @PattyMurray for the courage of going through this process and doing what was right.  I hope we will win in the end.
in case you forgot, dirty harry reid created the nuclear option. Glad your party is dying. Fascists.
What exactly was the Senate? asks my grandson in 10 years.
This is a sad day for democracy.  #RIPDemocracy
This is a sad day for this country.
Remember that, "Elections have consequences" thing that Obama said. Cry baby cry.
if you didn't act like children on the playground it wouldn't happened. Just showing how disgustingly low the Dems have crawled
Is that now what then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid did?
Harry Reid set enough precedent 4 corrupt @SenateMajLdr to justify. Real Q is: how are YOU as most powerful woman in Senate going to fix it?
Yes the Reid option was forced upon the issue by the obstructionist Democrats. Sound familiar Patty?
Of course, using the rules Dems put forth now isnt such a good idea anymore?
Yeah, just remember when McConnell comes to you for cooperation on legislation.
kinda' like when the Democrats pulled this with Harry Reid? #precedent #rulesapplybothways  #paybackisrough
Dementia alert- Harry Reid changed the rules 2013 for Federal judges
Sad day for US. Third World political mentality won, democracy lost
it was a shame last time to but you did not care because it benefited you. You Democrates are Hippocrates.
Yet there was no angst from your party when #HarryReid did it a few years ago. Hypocrisy thy name is the #DNC.
Hypocrite...Shame on you.. Karma .
Sad day for US as we know it! Thanks for resisting!
It is a sad day. The fact that they had to blow up the rules to nominate a well qualified candidate, is telling.
yet all is good when Dems do it! Ur #Hypocrites #Consequences
Only thing sad about it is your party caused it to go 'Nuclear'.   Just a bunch of crybaby losers.   Nothing else caused it.
It's party over country in a vindictive, mean-spirited, selfish agenda. Thank you for representing the us, Senator Murray
What was your stance on this when Harry Reid changed the rules? If it wasn't for double standards, Dems would have no standards at all
You didn't seem to feel that way when Reid did it for the lower courts. So are you against it, or just against it when the GOP does it?
You have know idea what the constitution stands for.  I guess we are just following your footsteps you set in 2013
Thank your cohort Harry Reid, he was the trail blazer.
You got Harry Reid to thank for that.  I for one am thanking him.
it's a sad day when the democrats act like they didn't start the "nuclear" option and lose their minds when Repub use it.
I never cease to be amazed at the chutzpah displayed by Democrats. And their blindness to how it is hurting them with American people
Reid! Reid! Reid!
Sad day for career politicians but a great day for America
Gorsuch is Well Qualified. Further blame Harry Reid.
Yes it is and I am ashamed
Did you make this same complaint when Reid started us down this slope? Probably.
Tweet from 2013 doesn't say this You were okay with following #Toxic #harryried then, why not the same for all????????????????
RBG and Sotomayor aren't mainstream in any way! Cut the  The People gave GOP the Presidency, House and Senate too. Simple.
It ruins the concept of Advise and Consent that the Founders wrote into the Constitution.  And, it will never be the same
#CONFIRMGorsuch #confirmgorsuch  #confirmgorsuch
You mean the nuclear option that Obozo created? Own up dems, it might be fun to try something new!!
I don't know how you don't lose your mind. How frustrating! Thank you for trying. Persist and resist.
Unless YOUR party is the one blowing up the rules? Hypocrite much?
I asked u to confirm him. U replied with nonsense about what you thought about his views. U refuse to represent me as your constituent shame
SAD DAY FOR AMERICAN DEMOCRACY!
What changed? U voted for him for appellate judge. Do more than bluster and stomp your feet and answer questions from your constituents
