Have to pass it before we know what's in it. You too blindly supported Obamacare that has failed the middle class. Disappointed not surprise
#withholdconsent then, enough chitchat...
Thank u Senator Murray!
receives campaign $$$ from big pharma and then votes NO on Rx drug import, do you hear her silence?  Awaiting comment, Patty...
I’m so proud I voted for @PattyMurray
When asked if @SecPriceMD stands by his comments that Trumpcare was "a victory for the American people,” he wouldn’t answer. 
Honestly, where were you when Obamacare went into effect? Devastating and I believe you invested in it. @PattyMurray are you losing money?
Well handled, @PattyMurray !!! Thank you for your representation! 
Give 'em hell, Senator! The Trump admin is populated with lots of weasels like Price. Keep exposing their idiocy!
great job Senator! Keep fighting!
Maybe his definition of "American People" are those with assets of two million dollars or more. Then ya...frickin great plan!!
Why can't he just give you a straight answer?
What a smarmy slime ball. Doesn't want to go on record supporting the bill that's coming.
Those appear to be some very basic questions you asked & he DID NOT answer. He could've included context & didn't. Hold GOP accountable.
A victory against what? Healthcare? Wow.
Thank you Senator Patty Murray for calling out Sec Price, Pres Trump and the Republicans on their anti-American ways with the ACA.
He's never answered questions. Not at his confirmation and not now. Oh, and nothing in between that time either.
Sen. Murray sticking with her guns and not letting Price get off easy! Thank you for fighting the good fight!
Patty, Obamacare needs to be REPEALED NOW, the replacement can be altered and fine tune. So stop with your freak out & repeal Obamacare now.
Obamacare can be altered and fine tuned, too. And doing so won't lose health insurance for 24 million people.  Thanks, Patty for your fight.
Sec. Price is as SPINELESS as the @POTUS who appointed him.
like when obama was asked why people didn't save 1500 dollars on Aca
Go Patty!! Stay strong!
Dear Senator: you rock. Please keep it up and help us keep our healthcare. Respectfully, a constituent who voted and contribute$.
Yay Senator Murray!!!
Oh my god. Do any of those supporting this garbage have any bit, I mean even a little bit, of integrity left? Did they ever even have any?
Do your part Patty WTF?
why start helping the American public when you can line your pockets with lobbyist money like blocking affordable Canadian pharmaceuticals
Well done.
Thanks for doing your job! stay awesome!
The admin secs won't answer Dems questions regardless of how they feel. They're telling half the population that they aren't important.
Thank you Senator for speaking out against unjust laws.
Thank you, Senator. Ask him how the bill helps the American people.
Deeply troubling.
Thank You Senator Murray
Go get'em @PattyMurray !  #Trumpcare is an abomination.
Your politeness in the face of Price's meaningless representations is astounding!
Thank you Senator! Please keep doing everything you can to keep these thugs from destroying our healthcare system.
Thx @PattyMurray for trying to keep embarrassing @SecPriceMD honest. Good luck with that. #flipthe6th
Thank you senator!!
I love your fight.
Go Patty Go!! Thank you for pointing out that @SecPriceMD refuses to stand by his own words.
Thank you for this!
Because he is a clueless fool who has zero problem hurting the most  vulnerable among us! How do they live with themselves??? They have HC!!
My decision to get a replacement battery for my pacemaker will depend on my savings & availability of health insurance in 2027 at age 63.
The original PM cost S100k of which half was for one medication I needed for less than 24 hours. My out of pocket cost with insur was $2500.
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
Government controlled healthcare is and always will be a loss for citizens, you have to pick the lesser of two "evils"
Thank you, Patty Murray. You're not ever 'just another mom in tennis shoes,' and I so appreciate your efforts. Thank you. Sending 
Thank you @PattyMurray for pushing for the truth, sharing your willingness to work on improvements & holding this administration to account!
Bravo, Senator Murray. It's stunning how transparent and ludicrous is Price's distortion and deflection.
WA constituents thank you, Senator! Keep holding the line.
Shut down the Senate if GOPCare is headed to a vote. Obstruction on this will save live.
Keep it up. Also, please help us lower the cost of prescriptions! Fight for us please! And as always, GO COUGS!
Cast a light on those roaches, and watch them scurry!

@PreetBharara was fired for investigating Price - Price must go!
Thank you!!
Bravo Senator @pattymurray. I am so proud of your tireless work on behalf of American people. Also a proud WA state constituent.
Proud to call Senator Patty Murray MY senator!  Thank you Mrs. Murray! I have been a supporter since you first put on those soccer mom shoes
The gall of the Executive branch. How dare @SecPriceMD speak to a sitting Senator with such disrespect. It's outrageous!
@PattyMurray Thank you,But we all know @SecPriceMD & @Gop @realDonaldTrump #DontCare
Thank you Sen. Murray for standing up for the American public. We need fair and balanced healthcare. Sec. Price, you should be ashamed.
Thank you Senator Murray. Please keep fighting for us. We need you. This is devastating.
Such politics, and politics only Senator, how about some substantive questions? How about working towards "fixing" it. He owned you on this.
I am sure he wouldn't!  Because it is nothing short of legislative genocide against the American people.  Shame!
Thank you Senator Murray for stating the truth.. unfortunate Price made himself look like an ass.. that what happens with corruption
It would only be victory for 'The Party'.Never has it been more important for REP&DEM to UNIFY&create legislation good for ALL Americans
Sec Price ..you didn't just plan to take insurance away..your plan will lead to the deaths of many Americans. Chew on that motherfucker
Go @PattyMurray! Kickin' ass holding @realDonaldTrump admin accountable. #fixACA
This is their strategy
Thank you !
Dr Price knows how many people that will be hurt by this bill.The bottom line is he does not care at all.He should own his remarks
THANK YOU @PattyMurray! Keep FIGHTING for the American PEOPLE! We need you! Trump and his cronies are killing us!
If she keeps trying to get him to answer her question, she's gonna be interrupted!
I admire your work and believe in your decision
That's weird - seems like most of #45's staff/picks have no problems lying to congress... #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrumpPence
Got at it, Senator! Thank you for your efforts.
Why does Dr Price no answer a question
Go Sen. Murray...  Secretary Price is a shameful Government lackey who seeks to hurt the American people.  #Trumpcare  #Trump
Without TrumpCare the American people will have nothing when the insurers pull out of ObamaCare. You have proposed no solutions
Thank you for taking a leading role on this, Senator. We can’t afford to let this travesty of a bill pass unchallenged.
There is no victory for the American ppl if the federal govt is involved
