Vote Menendez out.  Can't have our HC programs determined by politicians who steal from taxpayers & defraud Medicare.  Vote him out!
5/6  UK also announced, prohibitive costs, forces them 2 deny HC 2 unhealthy groups; Obese (30BMI) & smokers?  Are Seniors & diabetics next?
Yes Ms Patty just like the dems did when they were in power - I remember that very well - NOT!
Who do you mean by everyone? Sounds like " Some of my best friends are xxxxxxxxx". You are so oblivious that is curls my spine!
Dem Sen, Bob Menendez, charged w/corruption.  Colluded w/Dr friend who defrauded Medicare.  Both jetted about on stolen taxpayer money,
6/6 Wealthy will C Dr's in pvt practice, while masses wait 10 mos 4 biopsies.  Masses will C DRs w/bad credentials, when & how often decided
4/6 happen 2 so many, 20yrs after screening?  Did UK cull the pop? Will Gov weaponize HC the same way Dems did with IRS targets & unmasking?
2/6 4 our veterans.  Pres Trump had 2 step in 2 save vets from abuse.  Passed Accountability & Choice Acts.  Did we really have 2 legislate
Thank you for all you are doing to safeguard and improve our healthcare system.
Hey Marcy you've go to be kidding!
1/6 Once they put down this reasonable HC plan, they will move U on 2 social medicine, free HC.  B 4 U rejoice, consider that VA was free HC
Thankful for all you do to accomplish this goal
Once you are set aside we can finally make progress with making healthcare affordable not insurance companies richer.
But you and obama f'd it up to begin with.... Right?
All lies
3/6  Gov "accountability"  Yes!  Expect no better 4 citizens.  UK has free HC.  They lost 2400 Hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does
Time for #MedicareForAll. People’s health should not be a source of corporate profits. It’s cheaper, and it’s the moral choice.
You mean to communist single payer??...no thanks..Bernie's plan will jack national debt an additional 32 TRILLION
Single payer would be LESS expensive than the current healthcare system.
cost to whom...tax payers...32 Trillion in less then 10 years added onto the National Debt...no thanks...
Source?
Fox business news...
Haha! Oh, FoxNews. Well, then it must be true...  
Look at Charlie Gard...11 months his parents fought for him...but the state got to decide his fate
You and the dems are all talk, start working for Americans
Last chance KARMA BITES Election 2018 
STOP selling our children to strangers via adoptions!!
Let's do it!
Thank you, Senator Murray, for your persistence.  This is too big an issue to be jerked around based on political tides.
Congress was bound by law 2 use AHC but it was 2 costly.  They found a 'Get around" cheat.  Lied, applied as small businesses & saved 12K?
give more pressure on Myanmar generals to give Rohingya citizenship and to stop genocide on them
You need to join @SenSanders on #MedicareForAll. And quit voting to increase defense spending.
just put it back to the private sector. the government just screws it up
How are you going to move the disastrous health care ACA forward when you Democrats pushed it thru without further debate?
Big pharma pays this libtards bills
Repeal obamacare  then get out if healthcare
So proud to be represented by you Senator!
lol single payer with my man Bernie pls and thank you
Thank you Patty for this very difficult job.
What changes in Congress after this bill is set aside?
Keep the pressure on until Graham Cassidy bill is truly dead.
Just like the first time
Pray agree that is exactly the outcome required.
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES! Do not let anyone stop you from doing what you know is absolutely the right thing for all Americans.
Pick back up and try again working on a bipartisan bill to stabilize the ACA. Please
Fingers crossed Senator!
Oh, so does this mean you are finally ready to stop the sequestration of veteran care to the care LESS VA?  Choice for all, accept veterans.
Please please let it be set aside!
Really? Does this mean you're going to back #SinglePayer for all or are you still putting profits before people promoting private insurance?
She probably won't back single payer, for our goal is to move healthcare forward, not backwards to an outdated model.
Are you saying #SinglePayer is outdated and backward? I think every other developed nation would like to set you straight.
They've had it for decades and have had issues with it for decades. Time to try an updated model. So regardless of whether or not they'd
Have a desire to distort facts and set someone straight, they must first set themselves straight and create viable models of HC moving
Forward. Thus, they have the same mindset process of individuals who are complacent with the United States model.
#FixACA
Please.
We can hope, anyway.
#singlepayer is the logical choice.
What? Who? Dems? Change your hair cut Patty!
Yay just like obamacare did...
can we?  I think Repubs will never give up...unless voters really speak up in 2018
Yes! But it's not dead yet.  Please keep fighting to #KillTheBill
Keep up the great work Senator @PattyMurray
Free market is the answer but the corrupt establishment fights it tooth and nail. Why Patty? Answer please.
You gave us the current socialist disaster plan. Remember?
I hope it truly WILL be set aside!
Deserve has nuthin to do with it!!!!
Support @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill.. That is the ONLY way forward. U get free health care from the government but we cant? Shame on u
Please start here https://m.forbes.com/sites/carolynmcclanahan/2017/03/27/rising-from-the-ashes-a-novel-bipartisan-approach-to-health-care-reform/?c=0&s=trending#4bece29f1362 … We need to get insurance out of primary care & focus on  cost @CarolynMcC
Too bad we weren't as concerned about O'Kenyan care was on the floor, 'Just pass it to find out what's in it'.....
Hoping you, Lamar Alexander and your bipartisan committee can make the needed improvement to ACA...
Ate your efforts on bipartisan bill. I believe you will do your best to strengthen ACA and not harm families
This is why i vote for you you care Thank you Good Senator
Unlike you did with Obama Care. Practice what you preach. Hypocrite.
The first time someone challenges you from the LEFT I will vote for them. I am so disappointed that you vote yes on that pentagon bdgt 
@JGigiFerguson is running against @Patty Murray w small donations only & progressive platform including #SinglePayer & no more war #Gigi4Us
Thank you!
Are you for .@SenSanders bill which robs hardworking teachers, construction workers and firefighters of private insurance?
Isn't Obama care strictly a partisan law?
thank you for your efforts in keeping this harmful bill from passing, i look forward to a better future.
Thank you for persisting @SenMurray!
Is there any chance you might be able to give the GOP A HINT at what would work? can you do that? THIS BS IS GETTING REAL OLD.
#SinglePayer #medicaid4all #peoplenotprofits #MedicaidWorks #KeepKidsCovered
you have none absolutely nothing -shame on you
Thank you so much!
You mean your GOOD friend Lamar Alexander will come back to the table...with friends like that who needs enemies!
#MedicareForAll - Emphasize max amount of healthcare per $, not max  profit (& least care) per $.
Meanwhile the anxiety caused by the constant amoral #GOP efforts to eliminate their #healthcare coverage is exacerbating disorders in many.
Once...but first let's stop this awful bill before us.
Release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve and healthcare issues will be solved
Thank you for protecting & seeking reforms for Obamacare & not following the extremes of the far- left & right!
Medicare for all, right?
How about represent us AND medicare for all? You have the skills to oppose this at the same time.
Please convince @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
Single payer.
Partisan?   You are as much of the problem as anyone.  Always vote right down party line.  Reduce cost, that's the real goal.
Exactly what we are hoping for ....
HUGE BLOOD MONEY INVOLVED IN GOP REPEAL of O'care.  Needed to offset lost revenue from GOP TAX CUTS to wealthy -
https://instagram.com/p/BZaW6s-gozhRIeRjN5oogByGyaF3sU5JZ_LVJ80/ …
https://instagram.com/p/BZaW6s-gozhRIeRjN5oogByGyaF3sU5JZ_LVJ80/ …
Please work towards #MedicareForAll
just renegotiate rates and coverage right now just forced to pay for insurance cant use because of high deductibles
I will be so relieved.
Nevertheless, Patty persisted.
Take it and stick it where the sun doesn't shine! You should've never been in healthcare!  Now get to hell out of it!
Please don't take the healthcare failure for granted. Remember last November
Still no statement on your predator brother?
Please keep up the hard work! Proud of you!
Thank you Senator Murray! Let's save the ACA so cancer patients like me don't die in the process of making necessary changes to healthcare.
Regular Order, Thank You and Thank #SenJohnMcCain
Please do so. EVERYONE has the right to universal health care.
You have yet to make any progress in healthcare at all.  Obamacare is an abortion of a healthcare plan
Bot. Reported!
