So support Medicare for All.... hmm oh yeah you don't $$$$
We don’t want Medicare for all!!
Because seeing homeless suffer in the street is the American way, throwing your neighbors to the wolves when they fall into crippling dept after a cancer diagnosis is a true Christian value.
Having people help one another is fine by me, just do care for the govt telling what to do.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayerMultiProvider
How in the hell can you have single payer with multiple providers?
Very simple.  Independent doctors and hospitals can charge against the single payer system at established rates.
There we go, have the govt dictate what those fees are going to be, excellent concept.
Have government negotiate on pricing for drugs and services - absolutely!  Currently people can pay vastly different amounts.
#SinglePayer is the only way to help the working class in Washington. #WholeWashington
Single payer will be the death of the US
Yeah, just like it killed all the other first world nations. That have #UniversalHealthcare
Yeah, how many people do you see flossing those country’s for health care? They sure do like coming here.
Flooding
....yeah....sure are lots of Canadians here in Washington...and I meet loads of Englishmen and Danes here.....for the tulips....
There are a lot of people coming here for HC, because they have long waiting lines for surgeries. Pretty soon we will have that too.
We already do in rural areas, just as it is a rural problem in Canada. That has to do with federal/province admin issues around HC
Then get together why does he have to push you into it. Be the leader  I voted for.
Typical democrat. Pass a bill you don’t even read to claim victory for your party but don’t even give this a look.
If you had been involved the past 9 mo, you may know if Washington will pay higher rates
And your tennis shoe wearing ass was all for that when you shoved Obama care down our throats!!
The word 'together' is not in Trump's euuge vocabulary, or his heart.
The word "together" was NOT in the Democratic vocabulary when they passed Obamacare w/o a single Republican vote!! Don't be a hypocrite!
Enact Medicare for All.
What a loser
Patty, you're half right. We do need to work together, but the Democrat idea of "my way only", as proven by the ACA, doesn't help anyone.
Healthcare is costing more now?  You mean I have been lied to by politicians?
Sometimes I feel like the little Dutch boy with his finger in the wall...the fight must go on until this un-checked hair style stops!
So when in hell are the damn democrats going to act according to their words!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
do something about it. please. baby bozo in the white house is breaking our nation into small pieces. we are in pain.
She is, you elected her again to get rich off of you.
You are about 9 months late,  all talk and no show
Hmmm, don't remember you saying that when you Democrats crammed Obamacare down our throats w/out a single Republican vote! Hypocrite!!
Actually he's not sabotaging anything, he's forcing your hand cause you put this disaster in place, and Congress is so lame. Now do your job
Get over it! Your party lost. TRUMP is your POTUS. Your job is to work with him. Why U say? Because U work for us your constituents
Coming together? With that attitude of yours youcanstay home!
It’s not “Sabotage “ it’s us refusing to support this crap u passed without us being involved. It’s your failure not ours.
You should have thought about that b4 u went alone & passed this socialist crap. Don’t look for us to bail your failing socialist crap out.
You have nothing to do either!!
Or forcing so called women's health so they can have indiscriminate sex.
Top Dog doesn't care about people ...Americans dying in Puerto Rico after Maria because inept response. all Top Dog cares about is Top Dog
Everything he’s done so far looks great for  business and fellow employees. Hopefully savings might help with the cost of minimum wage hike
Maybe you could donate some of your big pharma money
Take out the middlemen and cut the bloated overhead.
No #ACASabotage no #TaxCutsfortheRich
When one company controls all they set price however they want.
Callous as it sounds, I don't need to pay for other people health issues
Removing your EGO is another way. Competition is the only way to bring costs down.
You are so wrong. Americans can’t afford Obamacare. President Trump is right on his actions.
@PattyMurray how about you give us the same plan we pay for you? Or put you on the ACA?
I wonder if you could start working against big pharma...
Coming together is how we're going to rid Washington state of corporate puppets like you. Didn't care when you voted 4 big Pharma. Did ya ? #pharma13
You're right! It's by stop taking healthcare lobbying money, regulate big pharma and the healthcare monster. That's how you lower costs!!!
Trump needs to go. Do your duty. Do your job.
I will say this over and over!! trumpcare!!!!
Senator Murray.No doctor will accept ObamacareYou’re aSenator should be working for benefits of peopleY know how bad is it.No guilty feeling
Fixed it for you Patty!

“Socializing medicine with Single-Payer #Medicare4All is the only way we’re going to improve care & lower costs.”
#impeach this moron already
Senator Patty Murray. Obama for his useless Obamacare not Gov. from elite insurance Co. was paid 4.5ML.For benefit of insurance Co.
so what have you been dping for the past 8 years, ole patty???
Idea: y doesn't Congress step up & do what's right, come together on points u CAN agree on & pass the legislation with a veto proof maj'y
That would require the left to actually agree to cut spending. They would never agree to that? 10 years no budget.
Perhaps working together would result in compromise. Why craft everything behind closed doors and then be surprised at the blowback?
You know what? Lady, In the real working world your hind end would have been fired long before now!  You FAILED.
Guess what Democrats? You had 8 Years and still didn’t get it right!! Now we find ourselves here. What a pathetic joke!!!!!!!! Understand?
Coming together? How is that going to improve anything? It's a good sound-bite, but not realistic as U ppl aren't able to improve anything.
You mean coming together in the same way that gave us Obummer care?! No thanks.
Evidently U all got together & decided "sabotage" was the word. Too bad it's the wrong word 4 finally moving forward to stop OCare.
Then come together  stop obstructing

Stop your leftist agenda and get to serving All of your constituents!
ALL being the operative word! I'm a Washingtonian and don't have healthcare because I can't afford it!  Dems don't care about working class!
Lmao yea ok. The PPL shouldnt be bailing out compaines because they fail. So stop
Coming together is how you butheads screwed up healthcare in the first place.  HSA now please, and get gov out of it
Translation: Dems don’t want citizens to choose better care at a lower price.  Dems want you to be forced to choose the govt option.
Then stop resisting and start working.
Maybe in the short term. But once more insurance companies are created thanks to dereg, there will be more competitionowering costs.
You assclowns have no interest in doing anything to Obamacare, so your argument is fake to begin with
Too late. FAR TOO LATE
You massacred our healthcare system
The bill was incurred in October 2016 and YOU want to blame President Trump for breaking it?
This is what America has been SCREAMING about. https://twitter.com/ezraklein/status/919920163415355392 …
Where is the Federal Budget for the past 10 years
#RecallSenatorPattyMurray
#DoYourJob
I hope you get challenged in your next primaries. #MedicareForAll
Absolutely.. " Coming together " under Legislation Nancy Pelosi admitted she never read and OBama admitted he lied about has tripled my cost
You do know Obamacare raised my premium and deductible and lowered the quality of care for me and millions of other Americans?  Of course you do.  But that doesn't matter because you want the votes you'll get from those who didn't have.  #notmysenator
And you do trumpcare will raise your premiums more and will cover nothing but I’m sure you and other trumpters don’t care.
Sabotage? Can u show us where in the ACA law it says subsidies?
Unless everyone is forced onto crap govt care it’s considered a sabatoge. Dems don’t trust citizens with freedom. They want a dictatorship.
Tell peopleTRUTH http://Patty.Health  Ins Cos profited 400% since ObamaCare was illegally funded.Try serving people NOT special interests
So less than 1% of our state's population. Oh boohoo.
This highly corrupt Administration isn't going to work with anyone. It's just going to continue to become more and more corrupt. Wake up
Corrupt?  It’s the exact opposite.  Giving citizens the opportunity to choose care is great progress.
I'm one of the many who received this discontinuation by @RegenceWA - now what? @WA_OIC @MikeKreidler @GovInslee
I asked the same question when I got my little letter that stated. Your Family insurance payment of $2,200 is overdue. What could I do ?
Are millions going to die too, seems like the same bs Democrat narrative on healthcare 
If the ACA was good they wouldn't of had to penalize people for not using it
@realDonaldTrump, the Slumlord President, will inevitably reap the disrespect he's so recklessly sown.
Wow! Your comment matches you profile pic.

#BREAKING: Judge refuses to dismiss Menendez corruption charges http://hill.cm/LaIcZGM  
So stopping the illegal payments is sabotage? 

Maybe the law should've been written properly instead of in circles to hide all the lies they spewed when they wrote it.

Maybe 44 shouldn't have written EO's delaying everything until he left, then it would've crashed sooner
Like trump with the executive order huh?  Are you paying the payment out of your pocket? I’m sure your family benefits from help
One EO cancelled the other EO...

As for my payments, I pay 100% of my own healthcare and my daughter is covered by her employer

Neither are covered by the taxpayer
That boob is hurting the people who voted for him. Wait for it.....
You know what? Lady, In the real working world your hind end would have been fired long before now!  You FAILED.
Sorry patty, they were facing higher costs before Trump signed a perfectly legal EO. Legal under the statute itself,just as Obama did.
when will ppl get it.  trump does't care about their health care, lack of it, or cost to them. Not one iota. He must destroy O legacy.
Another Liberal incapable to telling the truth. OBama LIED to get it passed. " Sure you can keep your Doctor & plan ! chuckle..chuckle "why?
Stop anchor babies & stop US drug co charging US 2 & 3 X cost they charge other counties 4 drugs
Hang in there Patty. You're doing great 
You know what? Lady, In the real working world your hind end would have been fired long before now!  You FAILED.
