BREAKING: President Donald Trump grants a presidential pardon to former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
Very sad that President Trump has used his power not to send a message of justice, but instead to send a political message. #Arpaio
Very sad that Dems are more concerned with president pardoning a patriot than condeming the very violent leftist antifa. Sad not surpeising
Thank you, but millions of Americans are sick of Congress being "troubled" and "disappointed" yet doing NOTHING to hold Trump accountable.
Accountable for what?  Exercising his legal authority?  Good luck with that.
He didn't violate it, so...
Deeply disappointing!  Lmao
Is there anything you don't cry over, just like a spoiled brat.
Hey dummy the class divisions belong to you Marxist democrats!
No Betty, they created freedom, the European slave traders created bondage of humans. Reread your third grade history books!
Maybe kindness has something to do with it! Think positive senator.
So Called Senator Murray, shut up for God's sake!
Says a person supporting the MOST DIVISIVE POTUS in recent history.  But then, Dems always look to divide rather than unite.
The POTUS is unhinged and the GOP won't out the screws to him
He's not dividing Americans who support law and order..only anti American libs who support criminals
You are sad, making a statement isn't making a difference. Your party is a joke. You support illegal immigration.

your division of steel coal auto worker hurt all americans you hate us all....
What is disappointing is that you think more about criminals than someone who spent most his life serving and  protecting others. Just sad.
So obama pardoned a traitor at midnight on the last days of office. billy c pardoned ALL OF HIS DRUG RUNNING BUDDIES IN MENA! When governor!
It's disappointing that one would approve of keeping this former sheriff from carrying out his duties as a LEO. #POTUSTrump was right
Spoken like a true democrat
@NBCNews after seeing new video of Michelle with jock-itch, it's pretty obvious why Bummer pardoned that traitor Manning
so you support illegally keeping an accused person from due process? He requested a trial by jury, judge wouldn't allow it. Sheriff Joe FREE
He's 85 years old and his wife is dying. They've been married for 60 years.  
He just wanted people to have  something  to think about, instead of worrying about surviving Harvey
Patty, are U deliberately ignoring your constituents who disagree with you? You are supposed represent all us not just those who voted 4 U
She represents the I -5 corridor$ and sometimes, just King County$.  A poster child for term limits. Has no respect for E. Wa Agriculture.
So, until everyone agrees with your delusion of reality, unity can't be achieved without continuing, unabated, the witchhunts of unbelievers
Why? He tried to deport a chunk of your voting base? Corrupt haggggg
Trump proves he is a White Supremacist NEO-Nazi, son of a KKK leader. He never intends to unite Americans.
"deeply disappointing"? Try outrageous.
Arpaio spit in face of law enforcement and Judiary.  trump stands with him. Sanctioned hatred. What the hell is happening to america!?
transgender people protecting america: bad
a sheriff racist, human rights abuser breaking the law: good

I. can't. believe. it!
Where was your outcry when Obama pardoned Chelsea HeShe Manning who stole documents, ? Oh, that's right...Obama was a Democrat! Hypocrisy
Says my senator who supported the great Divider-In-Chief.
It was Obama & Holder that crucified the sheriff!
Where were you when Obama was pardoning an actual Traitor to US & hundreds of hardcore DRUG DEALERS & Letting Rapist/Murdering Illegals Go?
Haha! You're part of DNC! The biggest #DivisionMachine in history! You're sad #PantsuitMafia in woods eating animals to refill evil powers.
Instead of working and making thier own way in life like we all did when I was growing up.
Be a puppet master not a puppet !!!!
Let go of the past but don't forget it or the past will repeat it's self , round up all the idiots that are out making things worse
when will dems start to impeach?
Grow up and do things for yourselves , stop asking and begging others to do things for you.
STOP throwing tantrums and destroying history.
The more comment's I read here make me realize just how much you so called American's have become nothing other than spoiled little Bitch's
#InvokeThe25th Trump is a pathological liar. He is mentally ill. Protect the United States from the madman in the oval office.
@NBCNews It's deeply disappointing that no one is doing anything about it.
Joe made people wear pink and live in a tent. Big deal. Where was your outrage when Obama pardoned one of the worst security threats ever?
As if charging the man for following the law isn't already divisive. A fraudulent application of law is divisive and people are sick of it.
Deeply disappointing, huh. There you go again. Milquetoast Murray. I'm deeply disappointed in your weak responses to this admin.
It's deeply disappointing that his real underlying campaign slogan is "Make America White Again". He underlines it daily.
then call for his impeachment.  This is only the latest in a long string of atrocities.  Stop him we need your leadership now
Get over yourself. Be a servant leader NOT a democrat with party allegiance
After 8 years of shove it politics by Democrats under Obama a pardon to a 85 year old Sheriff who protected everyone is upsetting?  Wild!!
Exactly how does giving a pardon to an 85 year old man who has given over 50 years of service to nation divide anyone?
How is that division?  Div is pardoning a traitor.
we the people applaud trump for doing the right thing arpaio is a man of honor who was enforcing the laws of america not emperor obamas
Family & friends should not be allowed a pardon They can do the dirty work knowing a pardon awaits & allows for absolute corruption
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #crookedmedia
WAKE UP and do something to get rid of him.
I would think stronger words that "disappointing" should apply...."disgusting" comes to mind!!
Then DO SOMETHING!!

We need to stop expecting him to be a decent human being and accept Trump for who and what he is--a disgusting racist criminal.
I always ask, where were you when he was running. You seem to have a lot to say now but not when he ran.
I know, it's almost like he pardoned a traitor after paying for his sex change. The nerve.
I am deeply disappointed when apple fritters are sold out. Was looking for a stronger statement from you Senator. See @SenJeffMerkley
Why not he did his job something Obummer and Eric the Jerk Holder would not do for political reasons we all know.
Very unhappy.  This is sick
Funny how you seemed quite pleased with the Obama decision to pardon a traitor to our Country.  You need to step down.
#NotMyPresident
Sheriff Joe was persecuted because he tried to follow the rule of law, you lawless liberals have no bounds to your shame.  You're a disgrace
Like you did with Trump supporters, like Obama did during last year in office? Yea, you hypocrite! Practice what you preach.
Amen true
#WeThePeople have lost all hope of #Trump ever acting according to law or to enable the #USA to #UniteAgainstHate 

#Deplorables are happy.
It's super sad. Now what can you do about it?
Disappointing? Sorry patty, love ya but this is outragious! Wash state resident
You support abortion, a racist attack on Black Americans while supporting illegal aliens taking American jobs.
GOP CONGRESSIONAL FOOLS PARTY OF HATE OVER AMERICA AND THE WORLD OUR CHILDREN'S FUTURE @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr
Please go beyond "being disappointed" and call it what it is. Get your peeps together and get 45 outta there! Now!
Democrats and media is what's dividing this country.
He's undermining the justice system to further his own bigoted agenda. Feels more like a dictatorship everyday! S.O.S #arapio
It's more than deeply disappointing. And so is the Dem elites' inability to articulate a consistent and critical vision beyond "not trump"!
Chelsea Manning stole how many secret files? But he/she was pardoned by Obama. Where was the outrage? HYPOCRITE! That's the progressive way
Gee, thanks for the FYI! Do Something #ImpeachTrump Now! @realDonaldTrump @GOP
"Very Sad".....?

He's a freaking racist, sexual deviant, grifter, con man who just pardoned a man who called his jails concentration camps!
Then DO SOMETHING!
#ImpeachTrump.
DEMS are divisive. everyone is in a division.  L  B  D  T  Blk mEX   ....   all americans are just citizens with the same rights.
Come on -- do you still take him seriously enough to be "disappointed" by him? He's failed! Stop expecting him to do anything honorable.
Better pardon then the over thousand Obama did! Common sense back in the oval office again.
Patty, your voice is important; so reassuring to hear you speak out!
I admire your work and respect your comments. Now please find the other adults in congress and impeach this fool

Sad and disappointed sounds weak. You should be pissed off, like the rest of us.
Senator,he had to pardon Arpaio a supporter/birther. A Prez mostly pardons at the end of his term. Chance there's a pony in there somewhere?
Hillary still is not in jail. That is disappointing! Where to start-sever in the bathroom?
Senator, you see the damage he is doing to our nation. Please, stop this madness & refuse to let him destroy our country. #ImpeachTrump #25A
Cry somewhere else please.
Waste of a senator. Keep voting out Democrats like this worthless cow
Sheriff was enforcing laws.  I am deeply disappointed you prefer to see him railroaded for Dem politics & not permitted a jury trial.
Not as deeply disappointing as you representing Washington State!
I'm deeply disappointed when a concert is sold out. I think we are well beyond this. Please help us
And Arpaio hadn't even been sentenced yet....
He has been a disgrace for his entire life. He is just continuing to be his disgusting self, only now under Russian control. #ImpeachNow
STILL waiting for a shred of evidence to support this Russian collusion BS!!
#EnoughIsEnough When is Congress going to put a stop to this?
Division??? NOBODY divides people in America like the Liberal Leaders in Washington state. WA. state bans plastic spoons, forks & straws? HA
Deeply disappointing? That's all you got?
I'm sorry, but if "disappointing" is the best you have, you honestly need a thesaurus. It's akin to calling this hurricane a "little rain".
Exactly!!!

Senator Murray - this is a crisis. We cannot consent to be governed by a racist who abuses his power. 
NO MORE BUSINESS AS USUAL.
IMPEACH!
We are not surprised 
You know what's divisive?  You.
slap in the face to all Latinos and all Americans in this country. Still GOP defends 45! Shame on them.
O'Please ---you all have been spewing hate, division and inciting violence. HE DID THE RIGHT THING AGAIN!!!
Yay.  He pardoned a Sheriff who was doing his job and was convicted for disobeying a court order telling him not to do his job.
I love how he thinks that doing this stupid stuff units us as a nation. What next could he do...?
Its deeply uplifting that @POTUS has kept his word!
Unfortunately, some politicians seem to have a problem with that
" Americans need to realize many people have been pardon over the years for far worse crimes."  - Brady Martin
You are very young. This Arapaho was convicted NOT for doing his job but for Not doing it by racially profiling LEGAL Americans.
Americans are united - we want our federal laws enforced; something Arpaio did in the face of UN-American judicial activists ignoring laws
"Disappointing"? Srsly, we are waaaay beyond that.
Thank you!
By pardoning Sheriff Arpaio, Trump has again made clear he will use the powers of the presidency to defend racism and discrimination.
I'm proud to have you as my senator.

I'm sure all his Russia connection cronies are on the pardon list too.
Deeply disappointing? That's all you got? This is becoming tragic. Dems need to grow spines and speak out strongly!!
Republicans MUST ALSO grow spines and confront this lawless thing they call president.
Agreed.. but they are spineless.. so I have little hope 
Senator, what can be done?  We have reached a tipping point.  Please take our country back.
