Yawn, yeah incentive is a terrible thing. Also giving more options to inner city kids, patty why do you hate minorities?
Trump and Devos are doing a good job from what I see. Give us some facts to support this position.
Senator we need our school system totally revamped rom the ground up. Quit pretending we have anything their worth saving
HOW much money has Patty Murray donated to any thing,  these dems are just takers, not givers,  drain the swamp in WA State
sad ... such a wasre of time... she has to sense how we feel about her and she continues to play games.
Good. Maybe the kids will get an actual education instead of the identity politic social justice warrior crap they're getting now.
She advocated that here in MI with her voucher programs and charter school platform. She is the least qualified person for the job she has!
You're speaking of Patty right?
Ms. DeVos, You are either simply corrupt or very out of touch w/ what the country needs. You are hurting Americans. Step down.
#RESIST
She is out of step w reality. Or her reality is the multimillion group. Not the majority of Americans
Good. Competition is good and taxpayers should not be supporting communist training schools aka universities.
Lady what are you doing about the brutal racial hypocrisy when it comes to employing  qualified American Born Blacks in colleges? American?
#MuellerTime There's obviously  a Russian connect with DeVos FIND IT She's criminal!!
I just got kicked out of my college for being the best professor, but black! Some colleges only employ immigrants! They kick Americans out
And isn't @BetsyDeVosED a supposed devout Christian? What scripture do you suppose she uses to support her actions?
The one about white, wealthy, Christians being favored by God bc why else would they have been so "blessed"?
Stop the influx of pure capitalism into education- block @BetsyDeVosED from ruining our schools!
This is bad for American students.
Easy fix, abolish the Dept of Education.
Ha Ha Ha...
Meanwhile, Democrats are satisfied sentencing children to failing schools where parents have no choices & colleges that violate constitution
Murray is completely wrong! DeVos is doing Great things for education! Murray is just an idiot liberal who can't stand educational success
There's just nothing about her that has the interests of students at heart.
The current student loan crisis proves that non profits also put themselves ahead of students and parents. How do U justify that cash flow?
You and your party have consistently put party over country. You've abandoned the American people. Very sad.
They are just following your lead POLITIC PATTY ... #EndDACA ...and start putting the $$ to #American kids and families!!!... #shameonyou
Of course they do. Neither 1 of these spoiled greedy privileged ppl have ever been to a public school or college. Their noses r way up high
Not surprising. Both @BetsyDeVos and @realDonaldTrump are highly unqualified so one can't expect them to speak to education or intelligence.
Please do everything you can to stop them. You have all of our support.
Be more specific Senator.  Who can figure out what you are talking about?
How do you justify this accusation? Or do you just speak in broad generalizations?
65k want their loans forgiven? I don't think so.If you don't get a degree in something that will get you a job it's not someone else's fault
Her purpose is to divert $ from pub ed to private ed--schools that only rich can access. Her biases are clear and amoral.
Capitalism.  Making a toll road to Houston to volunteer isn't a bad idea.  Besides what will you learn in college anyway. Get a library card
Dang, should have supported @SenSanders , huh?
What do you call raising tuition so high at public univ than getting every student to borrow? Isn't that profit?
@BetsyDeVosED has to go. She is no good for our kids
Concentrate on stopping Trump! The standard political lines won't work anymore. This country is in crisis!!!!!
You are a sock puppet!! #sockpuppet
@BetsyDeVosED isn't qualified to be making these decisions.
Just like this state jacked up the tuition rates for at least the 4 years that my son attended WSU. #cutgovernmentspending
And u want to keep interest of unions ahead of students actually being taught something.
This is absolutely despicable. Everyone deserves an affordable education without being taken advantage of.

#DumpDeVos
bad!
It's disgusting
@emyryly @BetsyDeVosED Trump Voters he's lied to you again. How can you afford student loans now? Rich getting tax cut not you
Just stop Patty - You are nuts.  You are for choice in abortion but not education.  #DeleteYourAccount
This administration is exhausting! We have to fight his desrtuction on so many fronts.
America is the world's largest terrorist state.
What's your http://point.lol 
They're all about the money... their money. They are not about the kids or education
Received a BA in 2K8. 6 years later no teachers remembered me when I applied for grad school. For profits are why I'm getting a PHD
DeVos is awful. Does not care about our children, only the profits.  Not unlike @realDonaldTrump
It's one of the Rat publican's goals to privatize all schools.  DeVos provided unethical Insider voter lists  to the Trump election campaign
I don't know how to act to your Tweet Patty Murray. It's all BS and that does not mean Bachelor of Science.
Grifters all!!
Glad you're noticing this, @PattyMurray. This needs to be corrected when Trump is OUT!
Of course they do. Why was she approved again?
