Ending #DACA would undermine our economy and seriously diminish our moral standing as a nation. We must all continue to #DefendDACA.
Ha ha! Your loss is our gain for the rest of the country! Send the dreamers back to Mexico and let the@ dream THERE!!
Do you know how many Americans live in Mexico, taking advantage of $ value? What if MEX said, GET OUT NOW!
Not my problem! Mexicos! Don't want Americans in Mexico kick them out! I don't want Illegals in US so kick them out! You don't like it leave


Maybe if one of the refugees rapes or murders someone you care about you might change your mind! This is a christian nation not Muslim.
Love how a man tells women how they should feel about being raped. This must be taught in 'Mansplaining 101'.
Actually, lazy ass people collecting welfare and living off my taxes could get jobs. Homeless people could work instead of using my taxes.
Proponent or opponent of it you can’t defend something that is nothing more than an EO. The power of the pen can be undone by the pen.
Do u remember WHY Obama used EOs? Because the GOP Congress swore to oppose every single thing he wanted
Regardless of their actions that doesn’t change anything
DEPORT THEM UNTIL WE HAVE TAKEN CARE OF OUR OWN!  ALL OF THEM!
These young people are OUR OWN, we cared for them, educated them, protected them; now they want to work WITH us 4 USA.
Yes sometimes you have to pay for your parents stupidity. Go back then come back and go through the system many have done it OH it's the law
Would you please cosponsor SJR5?
They have taken a lot of resources away.. Take care of America first... 
You said "COULD" in what way ??
How are you getting a $1B in taxes out of 17k young people?
my brother needs food stamps.  My heart bleeds for those illegals, but something needs to be done to help our economy.
Help American students first. Where is your alligence to americans
Can you show the research so that we can feel confident about sharing this?
Illegal got to go
People blaming immigrants for the economy like they're the ones paying them minimum wage. SMH. 

Redirect your anger, folks.
Your math continues to defy logic.
Thanks Senator Murray for standing what is right
How is DACA good for Americans? It disregards needs of poor people (Texas; LA Flood now) & Veterans giving preferences to illegal aliens :-(
Why?!? You ignore vets asking for help with the VA morass. Are we not faithful enough? Or just not enough votes?
Didn't T just sign an EO to streamline VA access?  Call HIM 202-456-1111.

That is one incredible tall tale, quit lying to taxpayers. #TermLimits
How can one further diminish a moral standing that has already been destroyed?
Keep using the scare tactics. Its all you dems have left. Economy would improve because people would now pay into tax system. Not undertable
Too bad we still have the heartless even in WA state. So many Dreamers were brought here by their parents and didn't know till they were 18.
Hoping for action from congress if @realDonaldTrump tries to end daca program. Thank you for your support of the program!
It's not @POTUS! It's states suing fed! Congress has had years to make real law. They have known it's unconstitutional and did NOTHING-SHAME
17 thousand illegally in the United States against the law not paying taxes sucking off the system, and all registered voting Democrats.
DACA allows recipients to work, pay tax, report their whereabouts, etc. Read it!
Thank you for all that you do @PattyMurray . I have been honored enough to serve the country in the @USArmy and you are a special person.
Will be working to replace you. You re too partisan, do nothing but obstruct.  No more, we need a government that works.
It's ridiculous! Trump should resign. Sue the President
How?
Trot out the bill the Senate passed way back when.
That's less than they are paying for aid to people who are here illegally for unemployment, food stamps and other government benefits
My family were immigrants not so long ago. Thank you
These people are not immigrants. They are foreign nationals here illegally.
thank you, senator
Get rid of it tired of paying for illegals.
Seattle area is cringeworthy w the bump in population growth last 7 years. I don't think 17k is a big deal for the economy.
We have a hurricane tragedy in case you forgot so quit pandering
Oh, right, there cannot ever be more than one issue in the nation's conscious at any one time.
And, because it's right?
Yay!  More $$$ & opportunities for legal Americans!

Stop rewarding illegal behavior for your own political gain.

#EnforceTheLaw
#StopDACA
We are also a nation of Laws. Americans homeless ,Americans jobless. No extra funding for legal American citizens in need. Drain the Swamp
Supporting documents/data proving this? Just b/c you're a Senator doesn't mean what you tweet should be taken for face value. @seanhannity
How? How will we lose money?
Sen. Murray, we know we can count on you to fight for our DACA young Americans. Thank you!
Where has she been? Senators should have written law long ago. They are letting it implode like ACA. Shame on congress!!
Since you are such a math whiz, Patty. Tell us how much Illegals are COSTING our state. Schools, Medical, SocialServices, Law Enforcement?
GOOD LUCK explaining that to everyone East of the cascades.
Wish you would defend your own country instead of pandering to Mexican citizens.  #evildems #Buildthewall #MAGA #TRUMP2020
You spelled defund DACA wrong
 
But, there is a positive, think of the money you save in social programs for that same group.
Patty, you need to remember who you work for. You don't work for the DNC, you work for "We the People of Washington". Work with 45.
O Brother, FAKE NEWS ALERT!  Those illegal aliens your pandering too while ignoring your constituents are bankrupting the country! #MAGA
We never needed, or wanted DACA. That was a program 44 used as a Democrat voter registration drive. It's a waste of my tax money.
What a pile of crap. Every1 of these poeple cost our State & Country Billions. U leftist just want the votes..
DACA AND YOU R WHAT HAS DESTROYED THE ECONOMY! You Politicians are all corrupt! You could save a billion by enforcing immigr laws!
If DACA is so important, it should be a law passed by Congress, and not just an executive action that can be done or undone by the Executive
Democrats are now dictators! Who killed Seth Rich?
Good! Load em up and get rid of them.
@civilrightsorg please defend them with everything you got! I want them to stay. They are one of us!
Bla bla you want them to vote for your party we know take it up in congress you know the job you get over payed to not do
Send them back! We will be just fine. #AmericansFirst #LegalImmigrants #GoAwayPattyYouSuck
Keep up the good work Senator.
What good work? How long has she been a senator? They knew the EO wouldn't last and they haven't bothered to write a real DACA law. WHY??!!
