2016 real median earnings (worked full-time, year-round): 
Men: $51,640
Women: $41,554
https://go.usa.gov/xRMf5  
This can only get fix by electing more women to legislative positions & of course POTUS-Madam President is what I'm waiting for!
No, it can only be fixed by increasing young girls interest in the STEM fields. If they stopped taking teaching positions, they'd earn more.
Someone's gotta teach. Be nice if teacher's in general are treated to a decent paycheck and any respect.
Anyone can teach. Law of supply and demand.
Technically yes, but not just anyone is good at it, enjoy it, or care about it. Good teaching requires some passion for the students success
And you have to accept the wages commensurate with only working 9 months out of the year. If it was really that bad- their wld be a shortage
Teachers are what build up our kids education. I think it's more important of a job than some other higher paying occupations.
Well then, you should give money to teachers. Just don't ask me to do the same. They aren't worth it.
Fire all the men! That'll show those chauvinist pigs for providing for their families and doing the jobs no one else will do! 
yeah, that's a myth
Do some better research and stop propagating this myth. In the same job with the same experience level women on average make more than men!
Never mind...you're a democrat. Laws mean nothing.
And yet you & the Democrats prefer to fight for illegal aliens that employer's hired at a lower wage costing American jobs & a better wage
Not to mention, increased the amount of people voting for Hillary. She won the popular vote, but forgot about the ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
Average the number of hours over a 10 year period Senator!  They are feeding u  and you know it!  So embarrassed to have u as my Senator.
Ignorant tweet doesn't account for lower paying industries , maternity leave, and shorter career spans. Terrible try, though.
I have WORKED for two women owned companies who are both millionaires. You're FULL OF SHYT.
#wagegapisamyth #wagegapdoesntexist #wagegapisfake #wagegapisfakenews #feminismiscancer #feminismsucks
Judging from Sen Warren, it needs to start with you politicians first!
You are confusing income and wages.
Equal job = equal pay

You're comparing apples and oranges.

Not every woman in U.S. can be overpaid by employer like yourself

Lies
Ridiculous and race pandering
This is simply not true. Any economist would tell you that the 20 cent wage gap, as popularly conceived, absolutely does not exist.
It's because they spend 20% of their time at work gabbing, when the men are getting things done.
Teach females to negotiate better.  I did good.
@PattyMurray did you take into account hours worked and specialty? Can you give facts about that as well? Instead of spreading HALF TRUTHS?
 when you don't understand the law, social choices, or basic math.
You are uninformed.
Women take leave, less stressful jobs. Lower paying ones. And thTs my fault because I’ve got outdoor plumbing??
Equal pay has been the law since 1963.
And you're LYING about the reasons - none of which include discrimination, sexism, misogyny, the wind, or fall leaves.
If you want to be a senator at least learn the damned law.
Been disproven many times but you Libs have to keep on spreading a known lie
It's truly hilarious. Profession with the largest (By FAR) wage gap against women is the entertainment industry.   Political affiliation?
Plz there MUST BE a way congress can fix this!? He DIDNT WIN! He cheats! PUTIN & MANIAC ARE BUDS! Family has many ties!!
Well women need to start doing the same jobs as men then. Time to get into those mines, oil rigs and construction yards. Actual equality.
This is false. Instead of taking her word for it-look up actual numbers. Facts. Also-consider the source of where the numbers are coming.
Do you know what *median* means in Math? 
Nobody believes this discredited crap anymore.  It's about choices... flexibility, and jobs that don't get you filthy dirty or lose limbs.
Bull!  If that were true, most would just hire women. 
Your comment on this subject is ridiculous! I worked hard during my career & was promoted based on abilities not gender...how it should be!
For the same job? Same hours? 

Please elaborate.
No that's the thing, they aren't talking about same company, hours, position. They expect women be paid the "same" no matter what job.
These people want a woman serving coffee at Starbucks making the same as a Male brain surgeon. It's mind blowing.
All collective money women make together must equal all collective money men make together. 

Another policy courtesy of Soros And Friends.
@PattyMurray has her head up her ass. She cries equal pay for women, as she supports illegals here working for pennies on the dollar.
She's been kissing the ring of suffrage for the last 24 years. She's done nothing as a Senator longer than millennials have been alive.
This is such a bullshit lie. QUIT MAKING WOMEN THE VICTIM! WE ARENT. Any REAL feminist wouldn't stand for this shit.
No they don't, do more research please
It's time for women to work more hours & get better jobs if they want more money
This is a fear based tactic used to earn votes. Self serving and dishonest.
What about the workplace death & injury gender gap?
What about men and women gravitating into different fields? There is no pay gap. More postmodernist neo marxists lies.
Yes, more women in waste removal!!!
This needs breaking down by industry for a more accurate picture! Male-dominated & Female-dominated Industries could skew this information.
Why do you want to limit womens choices?
.@PattyMurray .@uscensusbureau teach women to have less balanced work-family life and to work in hazardous jobs, for greater pay
So why are any men employed at all.....as it's much chaper to employ women apparently (especially non-white ones)?
It's never going to even out until you start forcing women into jobs that pay more.

There's more high paying jobs than just boardrooms.
Idiocy. If true, employers should fire all their male employees and replace them with women at 80% of the wage cost. I don't see that at all
Man I love lying politicians
You.
Liar.
This is what happens when soft science folks are in govt, they misinterpret data. She needs to understand she is spreading falsehoods.
Well then judging by your own words if these ppl will accept less than companies would hire them more often.But...its because your full of 
Do you make less than all the male senators?  Many women make more than their husbands/boyfriends. This study false-too many factors.
Men work more hours, men work higher paying jobs. It is ILLEGAL to pay someone less for the same job. Women just work different paying jobs.
And that is FINE. Personal choice should be a priority, and if women choose to work lower paying jobs, do less work, so be it. Let them.

Now is this a generalized statistic? If so, you're effectively complaining that a cardiac surgeon makes more money than a hostess. That dumb
This is only true if you ignore almost every fact about men and womens working habits/ life choices. Other than that....
But you make more than me!!!! PAY ME NOW!
Start with a law stating policy makers need to use realistic math when discussing policy. Good start.
You obviously don't care about the truth. You stir up hatred and resentment between men and women with lies and propaganda.
You do understand that men and women work different jobs for different quantities of hours per year, right?
So you link to a data that makes it clear they aren't comparing men and women in the same job. Meaning the comparison is MEANINGLESS.
Hmm, I sure see a lot of men employed. Seems like a bad business decision if women are cheaper.  You're pushing #FakeNews lady.
I.E. pay pre-school teachers the same as neurosurgeons. Because... fairness... or something...
Men tend to go for more demanding jobs, and are nine times more likely to DIE there than Women are.
It's as if Men and Women are different 
So misleading and not corrected for experience, age, years worked, or profession.
80 now? Keep going, your getting warmer!
You're a lying sack of dog squeeze.
a whole career to do something about this but you only parrot the issues during election season. scamming us the rest of your time
It's already illegal to pay women less than men based on gender alone and has been since 1963. What are you going to do?
Equality of opportunity does not yield equality of outcome.
Wow! Holy f*cking sh*t! It was only 70 cents to the dollar last month! Obama couldn't close that in eight years, Trump's doing it in one.
Senator, take five minutes to educate yourself on this. I know it's a popular issue, but it's not real. Come on.
I remember when you first decided to get into politics. The whole 'tennis-shoe mom' thing. Now look at you, outright lying for narrative.
Tennis shoe Pat it's time for equal work. I am sure theirbare senator's who get paid more than u yet you'll have the same base pay
So US senators have problems with reading comprehension and basic math - that actually explains a whole lot.
Less gender studies and more useful degrees would help.
The wage gap is a myth yOu mAdE iT uP fOr mOnEy!!
Sooooooo......Communism? How else would you solve for this unmitigated lie you keep pushing?
Yes, Comrade Murray - government mandated wages for all!!!
It's time for you to do some research
Do the people who elected you know you're spouting debunked falsehoods that oversimplify the issue?
WRONG, not if they worked same # hours, same education, same experience.
Still peddling this lie, eh?
The Dept of Labor Statistics show that women on average work less hours than men. So work same hours and get same pay. Simple fix.
Don't forget to add the details often ignored by politicians pedaling deception to their constituents: Career paths, personal choices, etc.
It has nothing to do with the same job, it has nothing to do with discrimination. /3
We've had a federal law on the books guaranteeing just that...since 1963.
It does not account for different job positions, hours worked, or different jobs. /2
The wage gap is average earnings of men and women working full-time. /1
Democrats still not admitting why the gap exists and why it is only unfair when Democrats are the employer.
More outrageous is the ageist pay gap.
People under the age of 7 yrs old only make 0.00003% of that earned by those over 40!
It is up to each individual to negotiate their wage.
and stats show Asian women make about the same as white men, gee wonder how that happened
If employers could get away with 80% or less on the dollar for women, they would *never* hire another man again.
that's it i'm opening a startup and hiring women only
I work with ten other dudes and I guarantee I get paid equal to them. Stop spreading shit like this
if true, why doesn't every business just hire women and cut costs 20%?
You mean the equal pay act of 1963 isn't real? Oh no!
Give it up. It's not the case. 

Fix the HC system you screwed up.
Better yet, stay away from HC. (Fool me once...)

How much money do YOU make, senator?
Maybe women are simply chosing other fields that give them more flexibility to be mothers as well as workers. What's wrong with that?
Any thoughts on billionaires ..or is bezos cool people? Murray you are filthy.
STOP  LYING  TO  YOUR  CONSTITUENTS
Stop lying,  please.  This has been solidly debunked since the 80s.
The wage gap has been debunked ad nauseam.  Tell women to start majoring in physics instead of English and gap goes bye bye.
Why does your coworker Pocahontas only pay the women of her staff 71 cents to the men on her staff $1?! Maybe start with @SenWarren
It's still a mans world
Horse 

I'm sorry Senator but that is so bogus it is unbelievable. You are comparing truck drivers to stock room workers. Doctors to nurses.
U want women in stem I'm sure they would be happy to take them as long as they can read stats kinda a requirement. Which u obviously can't.
This fallacy has been debunked countless times. There are many instances where women make more than men just bcuz they are women.
I genuinely don't understand why this myth is still going around. It takes less than a minute of research to debunk this nonsense.
So that means you should resign for violating the Equal Pay Act of 1962/63/64? Because that's a federal offense
As a Senator you SHOULD know the factual reasons behind this(see @CHSommers below) shame on you for perpetuating falsehoods #ThereIsEqualPay
Are you paying women in your employ less than men?
Tell them to get better jobs, work longer and take less time off then.
do you not know what "on average" means?
stop peddling this bullshit myth

If that were true wouldn't business owners hire women to save them money? Just because you are a senator doesn't me you can make shit up
Explaining the realities behind why the wage gap actually exists it obviously pointless.  People like Patty Murray don't want to learn.
You're being disingenuous, or stupid at best.
Oh it's 80 cents now? This myth is just getting annoying
I agree @PattyMurray. Let's compare my wage to yours, and whoever makes more money needs to balance it out to the others. Sound fair?
white women earn more than minority men, except asians. What about that gap?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racial_wage_gap_in_the_United_States …
You aren't accounting for various factors which go into what one is paid. This is dishonest.
The wage gap is a myth. It's an earnings gap. It doesn't take into account what jobs women work vs men, the positions, maternity leave, etc.

You do know how statistics work, don't you? Doesn't look like it though and you're a god damn senator...
When women do equal work, they get equal pay. But they rarely do. Hence the 'wage gap'. Otherwise only women would get jobs.
https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/statutes/epa.cfm … Here you go, the equal pay act of 1963.
Wage gap is a myth. It's an earnings gap that is happening. Women tend to take more time off than men do which causes that gap is earnings.
This is such total bullshit. Please stop pimping it.
People elected this person in office? That's hard to believe. Why would you elect someone with no statistical understanding
Women get paid equal, theres just less of them in the higher paying or more dangerous fields, like STEM or construction. There's no wage gap
Why are you lying?
Then maybe they should work harder and do the same jobs men do.
Thought it was 77, seems feminists can't keep their lies straight amongst themselves ;)
how the fuck can you be a senator when you don't know how to read?
this is such a stupid lie, no one even believes it, please just stop
So which company is paying less for the same job, same length of service? Time to name names or go the hell away.
How do you pay your staff Senator?
Look at the exact same job. Stop using averages because that takes life choices (children) out of the mix. It's dishonest
If you take averages of all men vs all women. Head to heads are even
Did you object during Obama's reign when he paid female staffers less than male staffers?
Lady, it's the law. So if you know someone not abiding by it, then prosecute. Duh. Its been the law for decades.
How much of my hard earned money pays you? For the rest of your life.
Maybe its because females make different life choices.
Given her complete lack of understanding of statistics, I'd say that Senator Murray would be overvalued at 80 cents on the dollar.
All they have to do is earn it.
Fake stat. Maybe if you had majored in something other than recreation at WSU?
Myth. Stop spreading lies.
I vote you give them your salary since you don't do anything to earn it
Annual wage for a US senator: $174.000. Non-senator Americans earn 27 cents for every dollar a senator makes.
So are you unfairly overpaid? Or should the median US income be $174.000/year?
I wonder if she feels the burn near her ass
Ckearly her reasoning also means, that a world where we are not all US senators is inherently unjust. ;)
I bet she's sitting there and thinking how what we wrote here makes no sense, but everything she wrote does. Damn
Leard the difference between wages and overall earnings plz.
1. Women getting paid less is due to career choice. Not sexism
2. Blacks, on average, drop out of school by 10th grade regardless of gender.
Really what's your salary??  Your a joke Western Washington lib who only speaks for the seattle/Vancouver crowd
but you forgot one key item: THEY MUST HAVE MUST HAVE EQUAL COMPETENCE.. FORGOT THAT MURRAY?
Nice 30,000 foot look. Why won't you break it down by title?  Answer: Then the gap erodes & you can't play class, race, & gender politics.
yup, & it's almost all due to work/life choices, not sexism. can we talk about something meaningful now?
But that's not for equal work. There is a gender gap for equal work, but it's closer to 5%.
It is not rational to pay everyone the same; otherwise I - a low paid male - would get paid the same as you, Senator. How is that just?
Senator Murray, I'm curious, do you make less than your male counterparts?
U know this is built on a lie, or are u that much of a dullard?
Study a real degree
The fact that you're wrong and hold a government position is insane. You should at least know how to read basic statistical data...
This bullshit narrative has been debunked a long time ago. Get real info instead of listening to your idiotic (aka progressive) supporters.
There already is equal pay mandated by federal law

The difference in averages are due to statistical outliers like CEOs which skew results.
Against the law to pay a man more than a woman so elaborate
This is ridiculous there should be a law against it. We could call it the equal pay act of 1963? #itsamyth
Do you even understand "median"? Can you give a LOGICAL reason why ignoring half the facts is the right thing to do?
This is a lie if analyzed correctly. Equal Pay laws on the books for half a century already.
This is true for your staff as well correct
You realise that women on average work less hours in safer jobs. You're comparing apples to oranges.
Show me an example, paychecks of a man and woman at the same company doing the same job? U make less than males?
Women still make on average 80 cents for ever dollar a man makes—and the gap is bigger for Black & Latina women. It's time for #equalpay https://twitter.com/uscensusbureau/status/907608762080522243 …
Well, that's a lie.
You're a senator. You KNOW what you're talking about is a crime.

Why aren't you doing something about it? Start bringing charges.
Why do you ignore things such as amount of time worked? Your narrative relies on selective facts; you are what you say you hate.
Do you smell something? Is it cows? Is it sheep? Goats? No, i know what it is. It's bullshit!!!! Please STOP propagating a lie!!
your career should have ended long ago.
