you can obstruct all you want ! She is in. Now Do you're jobs, and nominate #Potus nominees. Quit Obstructing !
Where were you when Reblucans obstructed everything Obama tried to do?   Your hypocrisy is showing #NoonDeVos
republicans gave Obama a cabinet!
yeah a QUALIFIED CABINET
ANTI AMERICAN cabinet! with MBH working in the WH. HUSSEIN is a Muslim!
Regulations not choking companies now, market goes up!
@Alt_DeptofED 
I love how Obstruction is ONLY Wrong when it's done by DEMs. People must have Amnesia about the last 8 yrs. 
can you say Harry Reid?
#AlternativeFacts Again.
Yea because Harry is the reason One of O's appointments died b4 a hearing
Thank you, Senator. I am a mother to 3 & oppose anyone in Education who is unqualified & inexperienced. #noDevos
better fire a whole lot of teachers then. Schools are failing to educate.
Parents often fail children by not being present - at school or home. The schools are not entirely to blame
@Alt_DeptofED can more Senators STAND UP FOR OUR CHILDREN?  #NoonDeVos
.@PattyMurray thank you for your dedication to representing us, if only we had 90 more senators like you. 
we would be %#*!ed
@FightingMad1 GOP does not care. They will give the middle finger to all who call. They are leveraged by RNC hacked emails.
LOL
go away fake Christian.
thank you for standing for our children and public education the lynchpin of our democracy
thank you on behalf of our grandchildren 
Thank you!!
'scuse my math. $22trillion dollars invested into a system that's totally failed.
Frrom the metrics we gather, the results R the same, ergo you will not have a choice." That's not 'liberty'.
@djwoolverton
Bye, Bye Patty, dunce cap for you. she will be nominated even after all your crying.
Youre gonna lose this one too patty
Agree completely but the only way GOP will be stopped now is by force as they ignore the laws of this country and majority US
@Alt_DeptofED 
Thank you for helping to PROTECT Public Education. From being destroyed by the RICH. 
#EqualEducationOpportunity
Thank you, millions support you in this opposition! #NoOnDeVos What can we do to get to a no vote? Who can we call?
WE ALL KNOW YOU WANT TO KEEP THE NEXT GENERATION DUMBED DOWN, THAT'S THE ONLY WAY YOU DEMS. CAN GET VOTES
yay!
why are you doing this? It's not right
That's nice.
great work, hope your voice is heard.
Making WA proud once again! Thank you, Senator Patty Murray.
Public schools are failing most kids. How can that be defended?
THANK YOU From a wyoming mom and educator. #NotoDeVos @Alt_DeptofED @educatorsresist @ActualEPAFacts @womensmarch
as a teacher in urban Kansas City, Kansas, please vote no on DeVoss. Please
@SenJohnBarrasso @SenatorEnzi BE LIKE PATTY! She knows what she's talking about, unlike Betsy DeVos #NotoDeVos #itsaboutthekids
A thousand times NO!
patty vs choice. Stop poor parents from means of improving quality! Or else they'll stop voting for stupid!
Thank you
Go #POTUS. Get out of the way Libs!  You tried for the last 8 yrs and failed and America has spoken!! #MAGA!
THANK YOU for all you do given the current climate in DC.  Keep up the good fight! #HellNoOnDevos #OurKidsDeserveMore
well said Patty. Well said.
what exactly did she say?  What argument did she make?
oh you're from WA.  Another reason to move! WA>NC. HelpUS
See ya! Don't let the door hit you on the way out! #ByeBye
> as in wa is   (greater than) better than NC, in regards to@education. You're confused, I was thanking her.
my apologies, my mistake
thank you.  Thank you for defending what is right. - wife of public school teacher in NC.  We won't forget.
as a constituent I appreciate your dedication to #NoOnDeVos
Thank you!
if public education is so sacrosanct, why do politicians send their children to private schools?
U have no respect 4parental rights and vote more like a union flunkie! Can't believe I'm a/g DeVos with likes of u @carynjenks
Unlikely agreement, right?
Guess we now know what they mean when they say, politics makes strange bed fellows. Hope we don't wake up with fleas from this 1
A teacher >25 years, try updating your wardrobe and your resume.
Thank you, Senator Murray!
@ClaraJeffery Thank you!  From a Michigan public school teacher.
thank you Senator Murray!
Thank you, Senator Murray.
Thank you! I'm a constituent.
thank you for standing strong on this issue! A stong public education system should be a bipartisan issue! #NoonDeVos
thank you for standing up for the people and what is right.
@Alt_DeptofED I watched your speech this morning (Feb. 3).Factual, intelligent, and moving.THANK YOU for opposing DeVos.-a mom
I am also a former school board member, principal and current teacher. You should be committed to all children. Not unions.
@AltDptEducation how do we get your compatriots to follow suit. They don't care about our phone calls
Thank you for voting no. DeVos stances on disability rights is terrible.
Thank you Patty!
Thank you! So Great to know that Early Childhood has a champion in the senate.
NO WAT WITH IRAN
thank you Senator. I hope enough of your colleagues put children over party and vote no as well
@Alt_DeptofED Thank you Senator. Glad you are demanding more for our kids. Stay strong! #NoonDeVos
Thank you so much for taking a stand against this unqualified candidate.
Thank you.
than you for doing the right thing!
Thank you!
@Alt_DeptofED thank you Senator Murray
thank you!
I vote NO on Patty. If she thinks COMMON CORE is the way to teach Patty KNOWS nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Hell Patty!
Glad to hear it!
@Alt_DeptofED Thank you! Proud to have helped you gain your seat when I was a resident of Spokane in the 90s. Still a fan!
thankyou Senator Murray.
Sorry you and your cohorts are the reason we have @realDonaldTrump the man child as president. You don't have any credibility.
@Alt_DeptofED thank you.
@Alt_DeptofED Too bad your republican colleagues are putting party over country and common sense.
Thank you. Our public schools and children need your support!
Thanks for trying. I am weeping
@Alt_DeptofED Thank you for standing up for children, teachers, and parents!  
THANK YOU Sen. Murray!
Thank you for speaking out against Betsy DeVos!
My kid, on #DeVos: "She is SO. WRONG."
A six-year-old can tell. 
Thank you, Patty! Keep speaking truth to power.
#NoOnDeVos
thank you too bad our state senator @SenToomey doesn't have the guts to do the same!
Thank you sen. Murray.  Keep well
Gee, big surprise.
Thank you for standing up and saying no!!
Thank you for #NoonDeVos!
PATTY STRONG...
-Not a party line issue- Your vote will or will not insure strong education. Choice #2? Close Dept. of Ed- return local control
Yay & thank you!!
THANK YOU !
Thank you for putting children ahead of Trump's agenda.

Nice to see you showed up for work today!!!
Vancouver, Wa here: and damn proud! 
Thank you for standing up for public education and keeping our tax dollars from going to private schools.
My wife and I applaud you for this.
Very impressed with your tenacity!  TU ! From a WA voter
@leoniehaimson Thank you.
So proud of our great WA senator! Thank you for your work!
senator, why do you think so many teachers voted for Trump? Do they think this is in the best interests of education?
Your are one who is afraid that someone just might have a better idea then you!
Thank you voting no.
Thank you, Senator Murray! Proud to have you represent Washington.
thank you!!!
thank you for standing strong for ALL kids!
don't let the trolls get you down and keep fighting for Washington State!
Thank you for your efforts! Please also #noonmulvaneyandprice
Thank you!
I was a preschool teacher too and DeVos deeply concerns me. My son has special needs, is in good public school now. Thank u 
Thank you, Senator @PattyMurray! #noDevos
thank you!
@SenatorCantwell And you have been so effective with public schools we depend on H1Bs to keep us competitive.  Great job!
1992 elected in HOW many YEARS and What did she GET Done for YOUR Schools ?
You were in education when it wasn't very good, 25 yrs as Senator & edu is worse than ever, & against DeVos? She can't do worse
Murray knows schools right? OK Now What AS a SENATOR did SHE do for US Schools THEN What ? @senSchumer @corybooker
Betsy DeVos is #unfit as they come 
#NoOnDeVos
we keep telling our state senators to vote against her and they won't answer their phones and ignore us on twitter and emails
and a puppet of the unions. You forgot that one.
Say no all you want, it only proves you are for you and the elites. Our children's educations is OURS, not some Bureaucrats.
thank you for the NO! Investigate Russian ties conflicts of DT and keep fighting for us.
Let the Republicans rob The American Tax payers.. We know what they're doing.. Let them get paid.
Thanks very much Senator Murray. The future of our children is too important
Amen!!! Many many people are successful and thriving due to public ed.
what, you mean the educators and ones who write RFPs?
As a public school educator, I thank you for your support. I wish Rs would realize this is not a partisan issue.
thank you!
Thank you!!
So @PattyMurray is pro-choice on: abortion

She is NOT pro-choice on: educating your kids, baking a cake, owning a firearm, buying health in
it's not about her personally. 
@PattyMurray
