Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
This is incredibly dangerous. The @POTUS is selling out American national security all for his relationship with the Russians! Treason!
The only one's who sold out US were Hillary, Obama, Lynch, Holder, Congress, Dems, Rhinos
If they think Trump is a 'softee' they are sadly mistaken. He has a staunch reputaion for not putting up w any BS...
We can't let this go on. Every day he does more damage to our country.
Yo know nothing. US Presidents alowed to do that. Better go back to school.
Senator: if this isn't enough to convince your GOP colleagues to at least TALK ABOUT impeachment, what'll it take? Our country is at risk.
Perfectly legal. Go back to school!
No, it wasn't Presidents are allowed to do that.
Is not what is claimed that trump did with the Russians the last few hours considered "TREASON" if an ordinary American did the same thing?
If that's true then Obama, Hillary, Holder and Lynch would've been charged. They aided Iran, our enemy and the cartels.
There is a huge difference between your "claim of aided" compared to disclosing policy and procedures that are kept secret for a reason.
You're the one's leaking classified info!
It was perfectly LEGAL! Stop the BS!
It was treason.
"American presidents have the power to unilaterally disclose any material – even the most secret intelligence w/o going thru formal process"
What makes you a foreign policy and Russia expert exactly?  What foreign negotiations and policies have you accomplished since 1992?
No doubt this is true.  Trump even admitted he wanted to share this info with Russia.  Time to shut down the WH, and work to impeach Trump
You a hack!! What happened to #SethRich ..you have been in DC for +20 years...probably #SethRichCoverUp for Hillary you hack!!!
You are complicit. We are now considering how to move forward without you Dems.
You are correct.  What can we do to bear pressure on the House to move toward impeachment?
No questions about it. Trump is unfit for the office and needs to be brought to justice for his stupidity and foolishness.
I support all efforts you and other Democrats take to protect us from the criminal in the White house and the complicit republicans.
.@PattyMurray Trump is dangerous for our nation's security.
He is a danger to all Americans. Please call for articles of impeachment to be drawn up immediately.
if???? go find out!! demanding justice and truth for the people of america!
We know they're true, let's get real, IMPEACH this imposter. Too many things r being covered up by a dumb White Hse., he is a CRIMINAL.
So why the hell doesn't the Senate do something about it? WTF will it take for the @SenateGOP to act??
All of WH leaks have been true & loudmouth #Trump LIES ABOUT EVERYTHING proven over & over! Congress must remove treasonous #Trump & Co.
Did you hear the latest news that about #SethRich?
That is a big if - you all are hysterical
The idea we're even questioning this is blow to US credibility.Says a lot about state of WH&our trust level of man in Oval Office.#resist
If true, then FBI/CIA/Allies will cease to provide Nat'l Sec info - Please pressure your colleagues (Dems/GOP) to take action! #ImpeachTrump
A Russian agent (trump) cannot be allowed to destroy democracy from within the Oval office.  He must be stopped immediately. It's up to you.
Independant Investigator must be appointed now. Shut down the Senate until it happens. We support you 100% Patty.
This President is a threat to our safety. Follow the MONEY.
Instead of putting down our President we need you to work with him to help heal our Nation. You are being paid to do that.
Reckless? Wat has he done dat is not reckless- apointmnts of Gen Flyn, his daughter & son in law, Sessions, AHCA, Comey sack, tax return?
Our allies will not work with the US intelligence agencies, because we have a dangerous, clueless leader.
#ImpeachTrump
You meant TREASONOUS but forgot to use the word. Just fyi.
Do something about it if you want my vote the next time. Make #TRUMP testify under oath before Congressional committees. Do something now.
Patty, once again you are spreading "Fake News" all I have is "Term Limits" Just sayin!!!
How reckless was hillary with her server?
you don't think obama basically giving Iran nuclear weapons and hundreds of billions of dollars was reckless???
he's incompetent 
pining for his "old life"
let's fascillitate a transition
Thats a lightweight statement for this situation
It is TREASON...when will he be jailed and out of office?
He's gotta go!!!
Can we sto pussy-footing around and call it treason?
Yes, please.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycZj5-5KJwA&sns=tw … via @youtube stop the a and move the country forward.
This fake news is dangerous. You perpetuating this is despicable depressing sad. I am so disappointed with politics with politicians like u
"If"? A US Senator responding in this fashion?  You have just been in DC too darn long...partisan, pandering do-nothing. #TimeToGo
It didn't happen. You ppl are rediculous!
While Russian state media was in the room. Why was US media blocked from the meeting where he shared classified info and RU media allowed?
Illegal. You forgot illegal.
Well look who released this article. Till I see it elsewhere I don't believe it
Come on! Why are you not calling for his impeachment! You took an oath of office! Your job is to protect country and democracy! Do your job!
Don't just tweet about it, ACT on it! 
C'mon Patty, what more does it take?
Patty, what is taking so long to imprach, charge with criminal behavior and lock him up?
What are you going to do about it?
Fake news, just like your smile.
A lot of your followers think it was ok for Clinton to have released classified info, just hear say for Trump and they are all over it!  SAD
Proof?
Get him out before he gets us all killed. Stop messing around.
Proof? There's been a of lack of proof in a lot of these claims.
#when will the #Impeachtrump begin? #ImpeachTrump NOW!!!
It hardens back 2 a certain blonds emails
If only the American people would have some insight into this nimrod's erratic behavior before voting form him. Fuck every Republican ever.
Sending request to @RepAdamSmith to start demand independent investigation on Russia &/or articles of impeachment against @POTUS. #RESIST
How dangerous was a private server?
I think you should go much farther with that thought.
It's a lie, you know it. Nuff said
We call for IMPEACHMENT. PUT DOWN TWO OF US IN YES VOTE
They're true. It's totally consistent with his character and he is beholding to Russia. Believe it. Investigate.
Reckless?!?!? I'd say treasonous! Why is this criminal walking free?
IMPEACH, IMPEACH, IMPEACH!!!  Before he kills us all!
#DTS
Republicans had better wakeup fast. Game time is over.
Do you ever actually realize that President Trump is President of the United States of America? President Hillary Clinton was a nightmare!
Hey Senator if it is true what #THEHELL are you going to do about it?
What was leaked
But Hillary selling 20% of our uranium production to the Russians for Clinton Foundation kickbacks wasn't serious right?
Look when your crackhead do something stupid all the "But She " crap keep it if you don't know by now trump is the president not Hillary
You are doing a disservice to your constituents by continuing to spread propaganda and lies based solely for your disdain for the #POTUS
Is there nothing we can do to stop this travestry of an administration?  No checks and balances which can stop it before it is too too late?
Dangerous/reckless??? He is NOT AN UNDERAGE DRINKER!!!! GET SOME BASS IN YOUR VOICE AND RALLY THE DAMN TROOPS!!!  WTF ??!!!
You are promoting lies, lies and more lies.
This man's narcissistic behaviors are going to cause real damage. GOP needs to work w/Dems and stop this nonsense. #ImpeachTrump
dems have the "izes" disease..they dramatize, emotionalize, and sensationize everything
Fake news. You dimms are unhinged.
If these reports are false, WaPo should be banned
Take his office off list of secret documentation and information.  This crap is ridiculous
As the Repubs say:  he is just immature.  He needs time to learn his job.
If the republicans don't abandon him now, what will it take?
An illegal act
WHY ARE PPL SO DAM SHOCKED HE LET THE RUSSIANS IN THE OVAL OFFICE AND HE RAN HIS MOUTH!!
Did you turn the TV and Radio off after you got your Democratic talking points? The story has been debunked as #FAKENEWS many many times.
@SenateDems not surprising that's why he didn't want anyone including American reporters there,something needs to b done.
@SenateDems If these reports are true & GOP does nothing they shall be judged as Treasonous Cowardice Complacent Enablers!
That's right Patty
@SenateDems @washingtonpost that's all you got?
More lies from the dumbocrats
#Trump continues to be grandiose & unpredictable. A dangerous combination. His bragging to Russians was a threat to our country & lives
Let the reporters ,  report.   Find solutions!
And having Mr. McMasters, go out there and deny something that wasn't reported. What the HELL is that?!
I need to run for senate, if only to bring brash cussing and anger to fruition. These senators are so sweet and passive.
are the liberal media anonymous sources real? nope
The guy that wrote story was on CNN, Greg Miller, he laid it out and was very convincing.
Dangerous and reckless:  how about impeachable offense.
@SenateDems If these reports are true this is more proof that Donald J Trump is a traitor to our nation. #Resist #Disrupt
Until you acknowledge Hillary's crimes...you have no credibility.
And if they are not, you are a spreader of dis-information, congratz comrade ;)
Call him before congress... right after you prosecute SecClinton's treason. BTW, where are we on that ??
it was dangerous and reckless for them even to be in the oval office

JUST IN: National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster says "At no time were intelligence sources or methods discussed" http://cbsn.ws/1PfaNT5  
You people are PATHETIC!
When are you calling for #ImpeachTrump
I can't believe my senator would start a tweet of this magnitude with "if this is true".  
It's not true Patty I can't believe you're tweeting this seditious bull crap. Demand named sources or assume its fake news.
Don't believe this stupid DUMBFUCKERY HORSE MANURE total lies by Washington post
Ummm, ya think?
According to former CIA director Michael Hayden the president can declassify just by speaking it. This won't stick so get him for the tapes
He must be removed.  #Impeach45
IF?! IF?! 

WTF is IF when this guy JUST Fired #comey
Unfortunately it's not treason  the President can "de"classify information at any time. Right?
As a fellow Washingtonian, I admire Prof. Lawrence Tribe's views on the impeachment process and the need to urgently proceed.
And, um, illegal, right?
Nope
IF true? Who would you believe? The WH, which claims that Obama "tapped" my wires? Or the @washingtonpost ? My money's on Washington Post!
Another if
Murray, it's fake news. The "un-named sources" are the constant anti-Trump "info pool" used by Democrat-loyalist MEDIA. America gets that.
Demand a special investigation, Americans deserve at least that.
Thank you Sen. Murray, you have continued to prove yourself to be a true patriot.
Is there any way to get @GOP to take a investigation seriously? Only way to MAGA would be to boot 45 out of office
Enough is enough! No more barring US media and let foreign RUSSIAN PHOTOG in. But glad they did, seeing them laugh  #LookedSuspicious to me!
If come on !!  This is treasonous putting our military at risk!!!
... cut to the @GOP sitting on their hands.
Senator, begin preparing to impeach this traitor.
Patty-McMaster better source about issue with @realDonaldTrump than the Post. Why after all their fake news do you still fall for it?
Impeach!!!!
McMaster : he didn't tell the Russians WHERE the Intel came from. Just WHAT the Intel was. #TRAITOR #LOCKHIMUP #GOGETHIMPATTY
No shit. When are you politicians going to pony up some cash and hire a proper babysitter?
This was not just dangerous and reckless. Carrying our intel to the enemy is TREASON. We need to #impeach & prosecute.
Dangerous and reckless?  Aw shucks.  Kind of like swinging a golf club inside I guess.
The problem Senator is we know this President to be reckless.  What does the US Constitution   say about possible  remedies?
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
Keep Trump and treason on.
He's the kind of issuer of fake news he wants to be. We'll never get the truth or integrity expected from a leader throughout this term.
#FAKENEWS
Trumps needs to be subpoenaed to clarify this. No other way
Read it @PattyMurray it contradicts itself
Read carefully: it is a self-retracting "scoop" 
He must be removed.  Mental Illness?  Criminal behavior?  I don't care.  He is making us all unsafe.  Get him out of office today
What's reckless is letting homeowners lose their homes to unconstitutional foreclosures!!! Worry about us already suffering. @AGOWA
We grant you permission to say the "I" word ;-) #ImpeachTrump
McMaster just denied.
McMaster gave a non-denial denial. Denied things that weren't in the report--and didn't touch the things that were.  Took no questions.
Cool. Thanks
Not true
Says who? The White House? Because of course they are going to say this was true 
The three in room would be only people there who heard discussion and all 3 says not true. Wash Post like other #fakenews uses unnamed sourc
