I agree!
ahhhh shut up
@IndivisibleWA4 thank you for understanding. now @RepNewhouse needs help understanding this. Stop trumps hateful agenda.
@TheGayHumanist I have many Mexican friends that live in fear of family members being deported..its sad to live scared . daily
Stop lying to them
You need to be removed from office. Glad you don't rep my state. You criminal supporter. How many immigrants live with you?
you have lost my vote from now on
I was a victim of an illegal alien drunk driver who hurt my unborn child!
this lady is our senator? Are you kidding me! She's a puppet and not a good one at that
I fear you!
you mean the laws Congress passed?
Are you for real?
Then don't break the LAW and you won't have to worry about johnny law... Bad parenting by illegal immigrants is not my problem!
is there a fence around your home? Do you lock your doors? You shouldn't live in fear.
Do your job and enforce the laws of our nation. You represent WA not just Seattle!
you do not represent me period I am ashamed of you. Maybe we can have you recalled?  You did not speak for We the People.
Stay strong! You are a hero.
it's not hateful to follow the law. You are  saying there is one set of laws for US citizens and another for illegal alien
@IndivisibleWA4 thankyou 4  steadfast common sense & not falling 4 the fear & hate mongering stirred up by Trump & his swamp
.@PattyMurray you sanction criminal behavior, it's not the immigrants fault if you are incapable of making a choice of legal vs illegal
Fight back to protect... Anyone American? No.
@melena3567 
I live in Washington state. What you wrote is unbelievable. Who are you really trying to protect?
Stupid is what stupid says Ann follows.
@Goblin_Seimens @PattyMurray she is stupid...ignore her.
you meant lawful, right??
WRONG! We are ruled by LAWS not men. ENFORCE ALL IMMIGRATION LAWS!
How many illegal immigrants did Obama deport again?  Isn't the Trump doing the same thing Obama did.?  Help out. Don't sit out.
you push this Marcie for your health care. Did you nut see the people whose family members killed by illegal aliens
putting Americans and veterans first...what a horrific, offensive idea. If you come illegally, you reap what you sow. Shut up.
You have no business being a Senator.  Trump is trying to keep us safe ~ not politically correct!
why because he wants to enforce the law????
we need to teach our families not to vote for you.
no one is forced to live in fear... terror and abject horror are also options!
Americans should not have to live in fear that Nice or Belgium attacks will happen here. The kids and go back with mom and dad.
I didn't hear anything hateful about wanting to protect us.  Perhaps u r transferring your hate?  I need to feel safe & to work
did you realize your statement is an oxymoron?
Hes a liar and a Russian treasonous traitor
I hate terrorism.  Do You?  I live according to the law.  Do You?  Enforce the law and our country will continue to thrive.
If they are afraid, it is their own fault. Broke the law and must pay.
I resent you thinking I should be forced to pay for these illegals! Typical Democrat hate tax & spend. Puke!
we must remove this incompetent, hateful boy-man
Yes! We must! WHY are no DEMS FIGHTING STOLEN SUPREME CT SEAT ALLOWING GOP TO STACK HIGH COURT DECADES? UNCONSTITUTIONAL!
Because NO American Family LIVING IN FEAR Should Have To Suffer ALONE https://twitter.com/DLoesch/status/836771515907588096 …
@PattyMurray
“[…] create an office to serve American Victims.  The office is called VOICE –- Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement.” #Jointsession
Pretty funny coming from a LAWMAKER that makes LAWS and PUNISHES those who break them. Because you are HATEFUL.

@PattyMurray
shouldn't be scared if you are a law abiding citizen
if I break into your home, do i become a member of your family? no didn't think so. do something with your hair. #murraymophead
GIVE US JUVENILE BILL OF RIGHTS over MIRANDA NO ONE <21 Prosecuted as an ADULT. They're kids.  ALL<21 an atty BEFORE QUESTIONS
you should sit down with an American family that lost their dad mother to an illegal immigrant that should never have been here
.@PattyMurray His immigration policy is based on existing immigration laws that are already on the books.  You should respect these laws.
fact: not hateful. They are lawful!
Since you swore to uphold the law could you just do that instead of pandering?  That would be great! Thanks!
hateful? Our Constitution is hateful? Senator snowflake
why is it hateful to protect American citizens? You use the word hateful as propaganda and rhetoric to incite fear yourself!!
Not hateful at all. It's time we had a true leader that cares that our country was going down the toilet.
legal or illegal?
illegals need to get out
American citizens and legal immigrants should not be forced to live in fear of terrorism drugs future jobs
American should not live in fear of Radical Terriosts or Criminal Illegal Immigrants. Or in fear of no #VA medical support
you and your buddy Jay Inslee need to cut the puppet strings and pull your heads out. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!
@GovInslee @SenatorCantwell Please tell us why illegal immigrants matter more than tax paying American citizens?
You mean actually enforce the laws!? Every other 1st world country has immigration laws why should we be different?
Stop supporting lawlessness. You took an oath to uphold laws. Immigration is ok not Illegal why do you blur the issue.
embarrassing to watch you sit there like a pouting child. Poor representation of Washington state.
Where were you the last 8 years?
enforcing the law is not hate. If you mean what you say, then introduce legislation to void “hateful” current. #Jointsession
@TheGayHumanist you are correct senator
how is an immigration ban fearing American citizens??
If they are here ILLEGALLY they should be in fear, they have BROKEN our laws!!!
thank you for fighting for Washington State and for all Americans!#resistance
My family should NOT have to live in fear of the last 12 years of stupidity and lawlessness. Leave your doors unlocked.
As an American citizen I live in fear of the illegal immigration and Radical Islamic Terrorists. Why do they matter more thn I
fear of what? Being deported becuz families came here illegally & r not paying their way? #JointAddress #legalimmigration 
it's not just his immigration policy it's the law you  should know that. what are the laws should we stop following
Let's make ALL immagration LEGAL immagration Patty. Not free range.
yes. Let's let this come rolling in.  https://twitter.com/stopstophillary/status/833379512004046849 …
legal or illegal
The policies all predate Trump.
And those families are perfectly free to go back.
HOA/COA homeowners live in fear every day of fines from vindictive Boards that have no oversight. No constitutional rights!!
get a life you use corrupt career criminal
how is it hateful?
I'm living in fear because of all the people we allow into our country!!! It's about time someone did something about it!
Hateful how? How are other countries who enforce their #immigration policies not #hateful too? #Jointsession
Support enforcement of the law you nitwit.
I am so with you Patty...and I am in Olympia...I will do anything to help you
what's hateful is letting Americans suffer as a result of lax policies that prioritize criminals over American citizens.
Move them in your neighborhood then tell us how loving they are.
We need him gone from office
it's not hateful. Its called the law. If someone is here illegally
notice she leaves off "illegal" I wonder if she knows the meaning
your an ideot
no one is forcing people to break the law.
the smirks behind Trump bug me so much. Ahhhh!
you are so far removed!!!!!
You are BLIND!!!
You fight alone. I like the man. #MAGA
I like The Man too. Why is everyone always so down on The Man?
NO HATE NO FEAR immigrants are welcome here
yes!

