What Donald Trump told James Comey about the Michael Flynn investigation, according to a memo Comey wrote http://nyti.ms/2ro9pEj  
Absolutely.   The time was during the primaries when WA voters chose Bernie 3-1, but you decided to ignore them instead.  This is result.
the supposed Comey memo that suddenly appeared from 3 mo. ago after he was fired abt something that had concluded three days prior. Uh huh.
Do you ever get tired of obstructing and running after the wind?
Start drafting articles of impeachment.
The House has to start the proceedings. So, how about it @RepJayapal? @RepDennyHeck?
Oh, I forgot which order it starts in. I don't care. GET IT GOING.
CAN I GET AN AMEN! 
What I would demand is get off the attack shit, and do your job & represent all of WA State, not just Seattle, stop the ankle biting.
Clinton meets Lynch and obstructs justice.  Crickets from the media.  Some memo that may or may not exist and we are at impeachment.
Said the snake to the mouse.
Only answer I'm interested in, it's long-past for you to be outta there. So stupid, what's this? Who writes this crap for you?
Thank you for your efforts on behalf of all Americans!
Yawn.  It's all bullshit flowing from both sides.  Exactly what you need to stay in power yourself.
Patty, it's so hypocritical for you to say to put politics aside. You're a Dem shill who couldn't care less about what's right for the USA
Withhold consent! No more Senate business until the American people get answers! We, your constituents, have your back!
Keep applying the pressure
Yes. Please go away and get back to work as a congress person or or you to busy meddling in politics?
Well, at least she isn't fighting for transgenders anymore. Who know what is next.
His name was #SethRich
And why did Comey wait so long to out with these statements? Sounds fishy!!
Patty, it is shameful that your are losing your mind over "hearsay". What's worse, that you are stoking insanity in your constituency....
She does it EVERY day. Sad.
Please do something Patty !!! This is such a disgrace ! I can't believe this is happening to our country
Praying to the wrong person Melissa, she really can't help you, you'll have to just grow up.
puhleeeze... no evidence has been found.  when have you ever put politics aside?  Predictable extreme liberal Democratic senator.
Fake news should be against the law
It's always politics for Patty.
What Pres Obama said in April 16 about no charges for HC, shortly after Mr Comey came out with similar result
"Long past time" is right. You should have done something right during the Obama admin.
And withhold consent on any and all action in the Senate.
It's the time.....gotta get this man out of the W.H. We are all in agony.
Must be tough being just the smartest women on earth
Starting with Democrats. Quit the Russia bullshit and work with Pres. For benefit of country. You have lost my vote
Agreed!
I agree. It is time to do what is right. Our country and our values are too important  to let them be stomped upon!
I don't think Patty is who you want to talk to about values. Probably not a good source unless you have money to donate to her.
Independent investigation please!
Just do it already
25th amendment doesn't require #ImpeachTrump
I'd like some answers for the lack of leadership for the last 8yrs
If I had a dollar for every time I've heard "he's a good guy" #integrity
@nytimes Yes Yes! We must understand why the false narrative about Trump ties Russia are still in news when no evidence exists
It’s long past time for everyone to put politics aside, EXACTLY. you are a good reason from term limits. U been on gov gravy train too long.
Good for you Patty, let's find out the answers about Seth Rich, what did you know and when did you know?
Not sure how that is putting politics aside.... sounds amazingly political to me.
You are right , Hillary and Obama need to be investigated, with unbiased prosecutors.
Impeach NOW. This is your failure @PattyMurray and your legacy.
And shut it down until you get those answers.
No, Senator. Answers we have. The TRUTH is what's required.
Take action
The DNC made sure Bernie didn't win, Obama, Rice, and HRC lied about Benghazi, Obama gave $150B to terrorists...Where's your outrage sheep?
Agree Sen Murray! That is why #Seattle joins #MarchForTruth on 6/3! Anyone is welcome to join us. FB event pg: https://www.facebook.com/events/1723249677690442 …
YES!!! Hillary Clinton belongs in prison, she broke 17 federal laws and walks free and the #DNC is behind the death of #SethRich. Get on it!
@nytimes   Not demand answers. There's more than enough. demand impeachment!
IN THE NAME OF ALLAH,THE MOST GRACIOUS,THE MOST MERCIFUL
THE MESSAGE OF ISLAM
THE MUSLIMS BOOK HOLY QURAN
PEACE BE UPON YOU
You represent me - please find us answers!! Thank you Sen Murray:))
Absolutely, YES! Thank you.
Enough is enough. We demand action against him and his administration NOW.
#obstructionofjustice
More like impeachment!!!!
How can we help you and @SenatorCantwell ? I don't have donate in mind.
Obstruction of justice. Clear impeachable offense. Investigate, then impeach. Even Pence would be better than this.
That's what we need is more Bellevue BS
Good to see you on the front foot.
Could you please be more specific?
#ImpeachTrump NOW!!!!
Keep pushing. More GOP officials finally listening. Thank you.
#LockHimUp
Make some noise Patty! Get on it. Your constituents are behind you.
Not possible from the Dems. ...and the alt-left  "Feral Animals" just keep going.
 RUSSIA!!!!  Please stop your hysterics.  Please! Put politics aside.
It needs to happen to save our country and our American people from his destructive bills and laws.
We demand answers about Obama Admin spying. Thousands unmasked and many leaked for political purposes. Why wasn't Clinton charged?
I am sure that you all are gathering documentation as well as other proof to begin removing Trump beginning the house then Senate
You've got a seat at the table. Do something.
It's time.
Withhold consent.
Withhold consent
I know that is what you diplomatically have to say Senator, but I think we are beyond just demanding answers, don't you?
Maybe time for you to withhold consent?
Trump is such a CHUMP!
It's past time we see Democrats all around come together to call for Impeachment.
Obama and Hillary are all ready out
or impeachment! do it patty!
