Because they serve their money lenders not the people.
And she's doing what?!?!...since 1992...pls...
2). What is more important party or country? Until people figure that out for themselves, infighting is pointless.
Country...sought of the chicken or egg, bottom line you have to first have a country in order to even have a party agree 100% no in fighting
The GOP has painted itself into a corner.  There's only one way out - a bipartisan fix to the ACA.
You mean the democrats who created this mess...

Not GOP has painted itself into a corner...

How soon we forget who got us into this mess!
The GOP has been saying for 7 years that they'll repeal it.  Now it's "put up or shut up" time.  That's the corner I'm talking about.
100% agree, but it was Patty Murray and her fellow dems that put us here in the first place...aka #AHCA
That's what you think repeal is? I deeply respect you but I see DC care as hurtful to me, not as your legacy. 
Debs in Everett
Well said, even though we may differ on opinions...I think she is a #BigPharma lobbyist and thats putting it nicely
Thank you!
Keep working on them, Senator! <3
Oh she is...she is...she doesn't want to lose any $$...trust me...

Since 1992!...
Well, crap. @PattyMurray say it ain't so. Big Pharma is NOT our friend and is doing its best to kill Americans coast to coast.
Senator Murray, well put. Senate Republicans, you need to get your act together and start acting like "leaders".
Hmm...very interesting...guess you're used to #hypocrisy ...

Been in DC since 1992 folks!
What if the Dems would have read the bill before passing, we wouldn't be here having to repeal a bad deal for the people
They're trying to help! How about Dems listen to what We The People want!
How can we serve our donors private agenda is the actual motto
Thats POLITIC PATTY's motto...since 1992!!!
You Dems lost it the day you passed, you screwed every single citizen in the country when you voted for government controlled healthcare.
I swear, if Obama had a squeaky floorboard in the WH fixed, Trump wants it unfixed.
What if the dems started with how can we help ALL people? instead you rammed Obamacare down our throats and lied about us keeping plans/docs
Most of us did keep our doctors and our plans had safeguards. People in states that didn't expand Medicaid experienced some trouble.
Also, my health is my responsibility, not anyone elses, which is why it burns me when drug addicts, smokers and alkys expect hc for free.
I get that, but what about the little girl born with cystic fibrosis, or the father of three who develops a heart condition.
I feel bad for people that develop problems, but there are no guarantees in life. Many examples in my family to show life is not always fair
Ron, you just made my point. Bad things happen to good people. Our blessed nation can afford to give a hand up when it happens.
I partially agree, but the way we are going about it is broken. Why should it cost 200K to have your back fixed? Where is that money going?
I don't mind helping people but I'm not a damn ATM machine for every doctor, admin, insurance, or pill pusher who wants a cut. Big problem

Great point Sen Murray. We should always look at ways of helping
Westneat of Seattle Times nails it once again.
Resign , fake senator
... unreasonable assumption. If they had, it would have been "How can we help rich people?".
GOP has not interest helping middle class and poor .The 1 precent is all that matters
%
Superlative tweet! And a question few have asked
Thank you, Senator. Keep it up!! #98033
Maybe instead of bitching about it, you could WORK on it! Tired of your endless anti Trump rants. 98311
I'm not sure they know those words and it's sad to know that.
What if the Dems had passed a bi-partisan healthcare bill meant to take care of the people?
Exactly
And what does Healthcare have to do with including tax cuts to the rich????
This
#REPEAL and #REPLACE
NO more bailing out banks or INSURANCE companies. Got it?!
Limit Medicare.
20 trillion dollar debt Patty-Where'd it go?
Because Obama and Democrats are to worries about saving their assess and don't give a shit about me or anyone else
They are doing what they were elected to do! Personally I do not want a democratic near Healthcare! After 2010 disaster!
If that is your legacy then you need salvation!
Assuming that the GOP cared about We The People. They mostly don't, in favor of their billionaire owners.
Why not let your constituents choose their care... You know, kind of like the founding fathers intended
Oh hell, can't do that! Takes the power of the people away from liberals!
I think it applies to both sides. Both sides are more focused on their enemy and so blinded by the hate that they accomplish nothing.
Why are you exempt from ACA? You claim ACA is doing fine are you willing to sign on to a bill that would put Congress under the ACA?
We wouldn't be in this situation if you Democrat socialist had not instituted #Onamacare in first place! #RepealObamacare
Why didn't you think of that when you screwed us with the ACA?
Well said - maybe they can pardon themselves out of it....


ACA was, as YOU know never intended to be the end product. Upon ACA collapse which you all knew,single payer was Dems goal all along!
Helping people is not McConnell's long suit.
I think they are only concerned with helping themselves!
Maybe you could get them to stop helping Trump collude and undermine us with Putin at the same time?
What if Democratic Senators stopped being obstructionist? Wow the Congress could accomplish so much by working together.
They ARE focused on helping people, but only rich people and only tax cuts. Their ideology has narrowed so much it's all they see.
Well said!
Do you mean like grownups would?
From 99207 & 99148 We agree senator! They play as zero sum game, but humanity doesnt. Everyone prospers when everyone takes responsibility.
Patriots fighting 4 ACA Healthcare against Saboteurs Trump .@VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan. #TaxCuts4Rich #Trumpcare #Repeal is MALFEASANCE
RIGHT!
If you championed the Anti-Human Trafficking bills from the House, I would brag to the skies about you!! 
HR2264,  HR2480,  HR2200
Thanks

It is time to rid our government of the men.  period. THEY HAD THEIR "GO" AT IT AND THEY HAVE FAILED MISERABLY.
Sen, It so troubles me that many in our congress are putting party loyalty before the good of our country in this terrible time. frm 98368
Wouldn't that be refreshing?
Absolutely.
Please the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Have a AGENDA Which isnt in their Plan 2 Help ppl its 2 Hurt ppl Remember its @SpeakerRyan Dream #LyingGop
This is stupid on a epic scale.... I lost IQ points trying to grasp how badly you see reality
Sadly, most are not there for that.
"Opposition"--fine. "Enemy"? No. And yet, here we are in the land of "my enemy's enemy is my friend", with GOP okay with siding with Russia.
Sadly MANY incumbants stand so close to forest- you no longer see the trees! Why honor some winked lobbyist decorum that screws American ppl
To be candid Progressives intend 2 retire many incumbants 4 this very reason- U no longer represent us & cant begin to explain our outrage!
You mean stop The socialist healthcare that Obama and Democrats gave to the American people. Obama care that is failing American people
They can't be trusted. They are polite. They say "Please Pardon Me" when ever you bring something up to them - MAGA MAKE AMERICA GOLF AGAIN
HOUSE, SENATE, PRESIDENCY.  WHATEVER HAPPENS WITH HEALTHCARE NOW, #TRUMPOWNSIT
If the @SenateGOP thinks their answer to healthcare is the current plan, they'd better ck their Christian values. WHY DON'T THEY CARE?
It's a hundred percent about the people the contributing Americans now
You mean how the "ACA/Ocare" should have started. You all have destroyed so many tax payer households. Shame on all of you.
那需要权衡现实利益，有计划有步骤地进行。
