1. Don't u see u r losing our support?  Why did you vote against the Sanders Amendment? I was delegate in primaries.
2.  We r large majority Bernie state.  Have you both learned nothing?  No more corporate Dems.  Y did u vote against Bernie?
3.  We will con't to lose if you don't listen to us.  Please wake up Ma'am.  Both of you.
Thank you for standing up for what's right.  I'm proud to say I've voted for you since you first ran for office.  Go get 'em!
we c were pretty outspoken at the caucaus'. Bu tf you chose to over irde our votes! Hows that working for you?
and yet you voted AGAINST lower prescription drug prices for Americans by importing drugs from Canada. http://bit.ly/2ijSkGa 
U heard us during the primaries? Nay! We SURE heard YOU. We hear U still as we die from lack of affordable meds. Lobby $ much?
Yes your right we do need to mobilize! WE NEED TO STAND UP and tell you to leave our gun rights alone
Please stand woth John Lewis and boycott the inauguration. #StandWithJohnLewis
So, your version of "making your voice heard" is by actually attending the inauguration? Adding to the cheers? Polite applause?
Why does a person's gender determine if they get #healthcare in the US? Men have highest uninsured rate before #ACA & after.
: Make WA proud: boycott inauguration!
she lost that chance when she voted AGAINST the people's voice in primaries.
Thank you, Patty Murray for standing strong, being visible and vocal.  Don't hold any punches.
standing strong when she voted AGAINST the people in primaries?
Boycott the inauguration, please! 
YOU needed to vote YES on the Pharma bill.  You need to let us have competition in Pharma.  You need to stick with Bernie! SAD!
Its good to see the 3 of you together.  I ask all 3 of you to refuse to attend 'inauguration', assuming it still takes place
boycott the inauguration please!
Will you speak out against Mr. Trump's ignorant comments towards Rep.John Lewis??
Right. By voting against a law that would have made prescriptions affordable. #phony
thank you for protecting our rights and for speaking up! Proud that you are our Senator!
like voting against the PEOPLE in the primaries?
Lots of families don't want what you want. Your over reaching is invasive & steps on our freedom to make our own choices.
Does this mean you are boycotting the inauguration?
What a joke
@renee50119070   cashing checks from lobbyists. THAT's what she is doing!
Sounds great! Mobilize!

Join your congressmen in their boycott of the inauguration!

You can't endorse that behavior.
As a citizen of the USA I demand a special election. We know it was manipulated. If result was legit it will repeat.
Please tell us you will boycott the inauguration if you want any more votes!!
please do not legitimize DJT. Do not attend his inauguration. Take a a stand against hatred and disrespect
PLEASE stand on the right side of history. Ban the inaugural nightmare.
Then please #boycotttheinauguration
#StandWithJohnLewis
betrays progressive voters once again. Votes against lowering drug prices after getting more than $250K bribe from big pharma.
and oh that Superdelegate vote. Blood $ Patty.
I laugh st your bitterness
start by not attending farce of inauguration
Please show your support and boycott the inauguration
Want to hear why you voted against Sanders amendment!!
Are to planning on attending Donald Trump's inauguration ?
why did you vote against the common sense pharma bill by @SenSanders? Do we the people have your vote or big pharm $$$?

-Voter
all politics should show taxes
then don't attend the inauguration.
We did!  And you lost!
Agree! Save Health Care for All. My health is not for sale.
I want to know: are you attending the inauguration?
2011-2016 @PattyMurray took $477,444 from pharma, $377,404 from health professionals, $305,421 from insurance companies. Explain your vote.
We demand an answer on why you sold us out for pharma.  You're a corporatist money sucking shill who needs to go.
I agree. Let's talk about why you stand with Big Pharma instead of the American People. You'll be hearing from me later.
been trying to get my voice heard . Only one to come along to hear me Donald Trump
WE NEED LEADERS. We dont know most effectve things 2do. Hav voice,conviction&power. If organizd,would be force 2b reckoned with
And my voice is telling you you should have supported lower Rx prices! Your reasoning is rubbish, siting "safety" concerns.
Start by Not attending the Inauguration!
a great way to achieve this is to NOT attend the Inauguration on Friday. Take a stand against the legitimacy of Trump.
how do we do this Help us. Show us what to do.
please announce you are boycotting the Inauguration #TheResistance
raising money again?  Did mobilizing help bring Rep's and Dem's together to create the smart, bi-partisan ACA?
thank you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hsh_7dcN188 … What the fuck is this then? SENATOR? I"m a Washingtonian...I'm voting...so what the fuck is this?
despite being offered bribes by the drug industry
it's good to see doctors standing up to big pharma and refusing to prescribe drugs with inflated prices
look at companies like Monsanto and the usage of antibiotics and hormones in food
Trump is but a symptom of a sickness that has existed for a long time in America
Trump was created by a sickness that called corporatism that already existed in America
and unhealthy food full of additives that make America the most obese nation in the world
The American profit-first philosophy also created big pharma inflated prices
The American corporation-first philosophy has created this menace, just like it created Trump
But it doesn't mean that we shouldn't fight to reduce prescription drug prices.  There are people dying
We could also vote in favor for a amendment that imports cheaper prescription drugs from canada. 
Can you please explain your reasoning for your NO vote on amendment 178?
So why are citizens being allowed to use the Seattle Town Hall to hold 'Resist Trump' meetings Mrs. Murray?
#Pharma bought and paid for woman. Shame!
hear this. You need to be removed from Senate
And your vote against cheaper drugs?  You must have an explanation.
I love and support you but I'm very disappointed in your vote FOR big pharma
I can't stay Silent.  Patty Murray betrayed Americans for the half Million Dollars that Big Pharma gave her
@PPFA You sold us out on the Pharma vote this week. You need to go.
help us with the ACA
.@PattyMurray We also need your voice on heathcare related issues. Why did you vote against lower drug prices?
yes stand up don't let up at all with Putins boy
Great to hear. What are your plans to accomplish this?
Why did you guys vote down cheaper meds? @MariaCantwell
No thanks to you, all the healthcare recipients in WA state are being silenced by big pharma and other lobbyists.  @PattyMurray
we need to know why you have received $477,444 from big pharma and shot down Sander's amendment for lower rx prices#sellout
Join Women's March or crest a local event.
then don't go to the inauguration!
Here's my voice: WHY DID YOU VOTE AGAINST THE KLOBACHAR AMENDMENT? Big Pharma pays your bills I guess. WE elect you.
then please hear my voice: shame on you for voting against Sanders amendment!
@blackvoices @NBCBLK  why did you vote against affordable prescription drugs? #BigPharma #MoneyMatters #GreedyPoliticians
Please explain why you voted AGAINST lowering drug costs AND why you voted AGAINST Bernie - who yr constituents voted for!
: I'm unclear, how did she not vote for Bernie? I know she wrongly voted against his drug bill, but against him?
So disappointing to learn you've received almost half a million dollars from big pharma.
Exactly! I assume that means you are skipping the Inauguration & attending Womens March?
Damn straight! And YOU voted AGAINST lowering prescription costs to patients! Unacceptable! As was your voting against Bernie!

ICYMI: "Trump promises to slash drug prices by billions, pledging aggressive federal bidding process" https://endpts.com/breaking-donald-trump-promises-to-slash-drug-prices-by-billions-promises-aggressive-federal-bidding-process …
grassroots. Enough of entitled political figures taking advantage of America. People really need to stand up
time for the people to drain the swamp. Political figures need to feel some cut backs. See how we feel.
and why can't we get out meds from canada. Kinda trust them right now. Patry, how's your medical insurance coverage?
PLANNED PP KILLS BABIES:  NO MORE TAXPAYER FUNDING! PP PRES WANTS 'TRIPLE' FUNDING! NO WAY!
http://conservativetribune.com/planned-parenthood-demand/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=conserv_tribune …
Are you attending the Inauguration?
boycotting the inauguration would be heard very loudly indeed. Don't normalize fascism.
I would hear your voice on why you voted against the pharma billl.
Patty I see that you follow a fraction of your constituents that follow you no wonder you are out of touch
you make your voice heard all right when you voted against affordableprescription drugs
I'd like to hear your voice about amndt 178, and what the reasoning for your vote was.
your voice was loud & clear when you voted for higher Rx prices. #hypocrisy
@Rosie @puppymnkey @SenWarren @CoryBooker @RVAwonk @SarahKSilverman @peterdaou @ASE @szwest1 we will NEVER BE SILENCED
Right-& ur voice was against lower-cost prescrip drugs frm other countries?What do you owe corporate pharma? Losing credibility
Then don't vote against Americans, duh.
mobilize in support of things like say, cheaper prescription drugs? #corporatetool
maybe you should explain your voting against Sanders prescription bill? Supported you in past but I will question here out.
I didn't say I wouldn't support Democrats only those who don't support their constituents.
But it doesn't mean that we shouldn't fight to reduce prescription drug prices.  There are people dying
They did on November 8, 2016
