I'm so proud you're our senator. 
The only thing you're in for a lifetime is ownership of disastrous Obamacare which you slammed through and with which we must now suffer.
Best argument for term limits I've ever seen.
#StandWithDems Thank you!!
Still asking. Please acknowledge my question. I feel as if NO ONE is listening on either side.
Waiting for ACA to fail??
All children deserve the chance to experience their optimal #health. Thank you for your leadership for Washington's kids!
It's the main reason we support term limits. You've already been in the Senate a lifetime and we have nothing to show for it.
Ill fight you till your not in office! Looking forward to a good conservative senator replacing you! Your worthless and hopeless!
Thank you, Senator. Your calm, respectful challenge last night inspired me. When they went low, you went high.
A family of 5 pays $2100/mo premium for Premera in King County. That's before deductibles, co pays and co ins. Yay!! Thanks so much!
You will be waiting for a long, long time when you're, MY State looses the funding for being a totally embarrassing SanctuaryState!!
Learn how to spell
Thank you, Ma'am
1st: Thank you!  2nd: Please share D ideas to strengthen the ACA with us. Easier to build support over weeks /months than 'by tomorrow.'
What ideas! We've heard no ideas from the Dems. Wake up.
Senator, you use the word fight to much on Twitter, etc.  It does not sound like you like your job or do any work.  Distasteful too.
It would be interesting to see how many past president had cabinet changes as frequently as the current POTUS.
And now we suffer with Murraycare.Taxes out of control,cannot chose doctor,insurers pulling out, doctors out of network, deductibles crazy.
You are a fraud.  Repeal the useless , expensive, and oppressive tax called Obamacare or reaign now
You're only in it for the $$$$$
We've heard no ideas from you or the Dems. The Dems have turned into the party of NO. No ideas. No nothing! Its why you lost in 2016.
Thank you so much Senator @PattyMurray for tirelessly fighting the good fight for both WA & the entire country. Next up: NO WALL!
Relieved for what? More subsidy money in your pocket from #Obamacare?
We suffer Obamacare, now with no end in sight.Huge tax bill, can't keep physician;insurers pulling out / out of network, huge deductibles.
Your one of the problems in this country, not the solution in any way, fools like you need to be dismissed!
Are you fighting for Medicare for all?
Is there any other alternative? Americans can't endure sky rocketing premiums for policies with rapidly decreasing value.  Please Senator!
You're only in until the next election, then you'll be replaced by someone that represents Washington and not the Democrat party
Why do you have to fight?  Why don't you all work together to make healthcare even better?  The status quo isn't sustainable
Keep on fighting. Senator, is the word fight the extint of your vocabulary?  I am so sick of your fighting and just want you to get to work.
You are loved and appreciated.
Thank you Patty. It is clear your colleagues have a lot of respect for you.  First block Trump as much as possible.
Thank you, Senator Murray.
You are one of the best. Thank you.
Do any democrats ever think about paying for all these expensive things they are in favor of? USA 20 trillion in debt! Pay as you go needed.
So grayeful
I've asked this dozens of times. No answer. Senator Murray are you covered by Obamacare?
Thank you, Senator @PattyMurray! Next step: single payer health care for all Americans!
Thank you for your hard work and long hours.   Now please remove the orange guy in the white house b4 Korea, Russia & he starts a war.
Maybe when all Senators are women we'll finally start moving forward. Thanks for your work! Proud to have voted for you.
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for the American People.
Thank you Senator Murray!!
Thank you.  It's time to put politics aside and do what's best for the country.  Government should strive to make life better 4 all.
Thank you so much for everything that you have done and for what you are going to face again.
Thank you Senator Murray!!!
Thank you Senator for standing up for people in need, who aren't the top 1%.
Than you Senator Murray! #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPenceToo #WhereAreTrumpsTaxReturns #LockDonJrUp #LockKushnerUp
Thank you for fighting this and working so hard!
Thank you Senator!
You read very well
Thank you for work, reason, common sense, and not giving in.
God, I hope not. #TermLimits
Thank you for tirelessly working for us!
Thank you so much Senator!!
We're in this together! You are our support in Washington dc, we are yours in the streets!
Thanks for representing us Senator Murray!
Thanks for voting no.
Need to start asking you so-called GOP friends to join you in improving the ACA....wonder what they will say???
What are you going to do when Obamacare completely implodes? Health Insurance is 20% of our economy.
Thank you so much for staying in the battle....
Have you recognized the work that .@nationaladapt has done, and how horrific these bills are for disabled folks like me? #ADAPTandResist
Thank you Senator.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Murray.
Thank you @PattyMurray , we stand with you all
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!  We appreciate your commitment and hard work.
I heart you PM
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you @PattyMurray for battling through. We #ResistTrump. We will never stop. @IndivGigHarbor @IndivisibleTac @PuyallupIndivis
Thank you Senator Murray and I hope all our Democratic leaders will take a moment and thank all the Senators that helped to defeat this bill
This broken legislative process was exhausting to follow but as your constituent I thank you & hope to see more solutions from Dems! 
We stand with you. Thank you for all you do.
Another demagogue afraid of the extreme left...fat, ugly red-faced socialists looking for govt to punish & steal from ppl they envy.GFUS!
You bet this is the fight of a lifetime.  Our lives.  And I will fight right beside you.  We have your back here at home.
We're in this fight for our lives. Thank you Senator @PattyMurray!
.@PattyMurray instead of fighting, could D & R pls start finding #commonground & #collaborating 4the good of all? #98058constituent #persist
The government should not be in the healthcare business. It should be private sector competition with enough oversight to protect consumers
I for one do NOT want to be forced to pay for inefficient govt run healthcare. Fix that...
thank you!
We desperately need help making insurance companies cover people in all counties in Washington state. Grays Harbor county needs your help
Quit voting for Obamacare
Thank you!
I am. Been fighting for 50 years. Are you taking ideas and input?
Thank you Senator Murry! Im so proud of you and proud to be a Washingtonian!!
My visit to your office was absolutely fantastic. The picture of Deception Pass in your conference room made me less homesick!
I'm so grateful to have great Senators.  Thank you!
Thank you @pattymurray for your dedication to health care for all and women's health issues!!
Thank you! We have your back because you have ours!
Part of the reason we have Trump is because of phony progressives like you.
thank you!
I wish they would call it The Peoples Healthcare and make the changes together FOR the people. Not try to save or kill it for sake of a name
Thank you!
Go go go, Senator!! Get 'em!
Thank you, Senator Murray, for your fight and hard work for us. It's working!
Thank you, Senator Murray! Keep up the great work.
Single payer is the only solution. The ACA needs to be fixed or replaced with single payer. This victory is not a solution
… https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/pacs.php?cycle=2016&cid=N00007876&sector=H&seclong=Health&cat=H04&induslong=Pharmaceuticals%2FHealth+Products&newMem=N …
Thank you @PattyMurray & @SenatorCantwell
Your energy and commitment are amazing. Thank you @PattyMurray My students & their families are relying on you. 
Thank you for your work on this!
Thank you!
Thank you.
Yes I am. All in for WA & US
Thank you Senator! I was so proud every time I saw you last night.
Thank you
Looking forward to Dems to work with GOP for a plan for all Americans ---including those who pay taxes. You can do it.
How bout instead of fighting, work together. You are focusing on non-payers. What about those of us who pay and can no longer afford ACA.
Be sure to contact your insurance commissioner if it's a problem!
I have. They said the 30% rate increase is "under review" at this time. 
I appreciate your dedication as my senator. But it'd be nice to not have to fight this fight for life.
Thank you for voting no.
Now let's fix ACA.
Thank you, Senator Murray!!! 
THANK YOU from this grateful constituent for your strength, leadership and tenacity in fighting for all of us. You are a fierce warrior!
Thank you. 
Thank you, @PattyMurray and @SenatorCantwell and everyone else who voted no on the awful legislation last night. Now can we move forward?
Single payer.
Thank you. So glad you're my senator. Keep up the good fight!
