thank you!
Fight hard, Senator Murray. We and the Salish Sea depend on it.
Thank you for looking out for us and our environment. @realDonaldTrump should be impeached.
Look at Seattle first. 10 million gallons of raw sewage in 09 and 200 million 2017 #Shame Who is the real culprit here.
work with the administration.  Sick and tired of my party not coming together and getting it done
Hopefully U put up more of a fight on this than you did on lowering prescription med costs 4 the poor and elderly in our state.
thx! We're counting on you!
Thank you!
Need to enact 25th Amendment right away!
@RevelWolf @seattlepi fighting with you. We need her clean.
Fight the the good fight!
Trump is illigetimate and treasonous needs to be impeached period.
you even put a period after your period!
We need you to fight for our children that are needlessly imprisoned in foster care for no justified reason!!
thank you!!!
It looks like it was 93% over-funded to begin with!
That bastard has no business on our lawn.
he's doing the same thing to the Great Lakes!
thank you Patty!
You should take him for a boat ride in Puget Sound-only the bright spots though.
please do! How can we help? I'll write letters, make phone calls, whatever you need us to do!
Thank you Senator Murray!  This is craziness....
@AgeJustNumbers @seattlepi Pls fite this Fite all anti enviro, anti animal bills. Our wrld nds beauty 2 balance human ugliness
Of course you will.  You are so predictable.  Try thinking outside the political box for once.
Trump is such an a$$hole.
thank you!
fed money dries up for sanctuary state something to think about
Thank you Patty I'm a 98144 constituent!
@cathymcmorris This is leadership for WA
We're counting on you!
More needs to be slashed from the budget..slash all funding to west coast states!!
Thank you!
Thank you.
@SenatorCantwell Stay Strong. Fight hard. This is our Mother Ocean. How can we help? #savepugetsound #Seattle
Thank you Senator Murray. This makes a huge difference to our health and our environment. Thank you!
and the Great Lakes
thank you, Senator Murray
@PrincessBravato  That juvenile delinquent,Trump, is punishing WA for rejecting him so completely. We're with you, Patty!
thank you
Go Senator Murry! We love you!
Thank you! Behind you all the way! #gopattygo
This actually seems like something better handled at the local level anyway.
THANK YOU @PattyMurray!!!!!
We stand together.
and our Chesapeake Bay @BenCardinforMD @ChrisVanHollen
Fight for the cleanup money but don't fight the whole damned budget. So weary of your obstinacy not working across the aisle.
please challenge the reduction of NOAA's budget as a whole
your ppl are calling for impeachment? C'mon get a grip or keep whining. Be smarter or keep screetching.
why don't u figure out where all the money went that u did get. Every $ & prove it's necessary instead of fighting?
I heard about this from @majorityfm yesterday. Glad to see more coverage
please do Senator! Can we keep the the federal money that we got for this from the Obama admin?
that man is the most ignorant person I have ever known Does he not see the disaster this will bring
If you don't think private donors will take up the cause, why would you think the public wants to?
Thank you! Keep fighting.
Sounds to me he will be placing a lot of people in the unemployment line.
PLEASE!!!
Senator Patty, It’s time to talk about Impeachment – By Ron Fein, Huffington Post; February 28, 2017
This is obviously a retaliation for the Washington state vote. He is just that petty!
Thank you Trump supporters for another stupid decision.
I am all for using budget money wisely. But poisoning the Sound isn't an option.
