
Yeah, I'm celebrating not having insurance all the way to the bank.  Good job Senator.
Why are you without insurance?
First get a job. then get insurance.
First off.   The exchange staff were poorly trained, system errors, because Democrats rushed the d*** legislation through without reading it.  So we have 3 applications in the exchange,  2 inactive.
So the exchange sent my insurance company spurious messages from the inactive applications telling them that my address was the old address.
And so one day i would get messsges welcoming me to my insurance.  The next day or week i would get messages telling about me insurance was being cancelled do to lack of action.
Thank you for fighting for us!!
Yup, so glad that I am going to get a fine for losing my insurance after spending 1000 hours on phone last year to keep it from happening!
You know you would have been barred for getting insurance for 6 months if you lapsed coverage under the GOP plan?
So what was that you were saying about how bad I got knocked out.  I didn't lapse.
You were criticizing the fine under ACA. I was just pointing out that the GOP in effect has a fine as well for not getting coverage.
Guess I'm still wondering why you never listened to the individual market? Why you still don't?
I liked my plan but I couldn't keep it. My son liked his plan but couldn't keep it. OCare was passed on lies.
Blame Republican sabotage of key components of OCare for that
Yup that is typical Democrat nonsense.  Never take credit for what you created.  Not a single not from a Republican.  You made this bed.
Why?  How about work together and pass a more fair plan that doesn't punish the middle class.  To hell to insurance folks-they are criminal
Thank u so much. Keep fighting 2 prevent this bill or any version from passing (unless poof! They come around 2 the idea of single payer).
Does anybody on this site know anything about the70 waivers that were done during the last 7 years of the Obama Administration on Healthcare
Why are you calling it trumpcare?
Happy? Thanks a lot!  My current premium of $800 could go up to over 1k!  Oh, maybe that is what you want. #more PAYING citizens w/o care.
Are we supposed to congratulate you not blocking repairs anymore. For finally working for the people?  Well, congratulations.
Sen Murray, Thank you for standing up for health care for all Americans.  Keep fighting!  We support you.
Thank you senator Murray! And please thank your colleagues on behalf of Washingtonians who like the ACA!
MULTIPASS! 
No you didn't you retained the imploding Obamacare, the ins. from Hell.
You stood by and voted against help for the people! NOW you want to fix it and take credit for it?

Obama:  "I don't want to attend your douchey inaugural ball anyway!"
I think @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell and @RepNewhouse should fight to apply #obamacare to Congress. They should be limited like us.
And thanks too to Stateswomen and men like you, And Maria as well as three  decent GOPs particularly John McCain
thank you!
Don't pat yourself on the back yet. They'll be back with more attempts & worse ideas. Don't stop until we have single payer. @SenSanders
Thank you
Thank you for your diligence and persistence.
Thank you for your tireless dedication to this cause! Keep up the excellent work. #ShePresisted
Thank you for standing with us in the Senate! 
Yo still have to find something when Obama care fails
Thank you for standing up for all Americans.
What a bunch of crap, you want single payer which is the worse thing that can happen to America
Thank you @pattymurray for your steadfast commitment to protect #ObamaCare
Thank you!
Great work, Senators!
Thank you, senator from another relieved constituent.
Senator, I appreciate all that you do for your constituents.  Knowing that I can always count on you to do the right thing means a lot.
Patty, you've done nothing to help people in your own state. Why does WA have some of the highest taxes, cost of living, traffic?
You have not offered any fixes in over 7 years,you voted for obama care without reading it...Now! Where is your plan?
No thanks from this voter for screwing us over once again...the only thing to be said of you is: You at least are consistent in that regard
Thank you for repelling yet another in a series of mindless attacks on the American ppl. We need improvements, not whole scale destruction.
Thank you Senator Murray. Keep fighting for us!
...and you think Obamacare has not hurt many people significantly?  How heartless can you be?
Heartless, soulless, mindless & blind.  $ replaces a lot of things if your a politician. The scum of DC infects all those w/no honor.
Thank you Senator!
Trump are got a set back because of GOP infighting, not due to your efforts.  Still waiting for your fix for failing Obamacare, you own it.
Thank you @PattyMurray and @MariaCantwell for protecting health care access for all Americans.
Thank you, Senator Murray!
THANK YOU FOR STANDING STRONG!!!!!
hurrah!
Thank you for your hard work.
You claim victory? Yet you did nothing but obstruct!
Who cares what you say patty Murray. You can be voted out of office.
Again thanks for nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If I had other options then I could just say I will chose another company.But u didn't think of that when you passed this bill now did you?
Then 2 months later told that I had underpaid last year by $300, and that I needed to pay $1200 at that time if I wanted insurance.
Then told that I had overpaid last year by $1800 in jan.  ...
Had to reenroll last year 3 times because of system errors.
Thanks to you I am now uninsured AND I get the benefits of paying a fine(Tax) because you couldn't read the bill before you passed it.
Thanks for nothing.  I have spent over 1000 hrs in the last year to iron out Obamacare system errors that ultimately cost me coverage.
Thank you Senator Murray for representing Washingtonians!
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you, Senator! Your strength and perseverance are awe-inspiring and SO appreciated.
Thank you for your tireless, courageous, compassionate and strategic work.
U R fabulous. Now that this battle is won. Please rally the troops and get aggressive and get the corrupt monsters out of WH.
Booooooooo!!!!!!
So proud of you and @SenatorCantwell Thank you!
Thank you Senator Murray!  I hope that Republicans will get the hint and work with you to help people.  Things used to happen that way, yes?
It's still called "Obamacare" Senator
Be sure to send Zinke a "thank you" note.
You left wingers have already been defeated
Satisfactory
Boooo
Thank you Senator.
It's called Obama care and you are the reason we have it
Happy at the defeat. But there should be a committee examining the shortfalls of the ACA.  Always work to make the ACA better.
Not the last battle.  Make sure steps are not taken to encourage a total failure of the ACA.

You were brilliant through all this!  Thank you!!
Thank you.
So what great ideas do u democrats have to help middle class with out premiums
Thank you for fighting for us. I'm proud to be represented by you.
Patty thank you to the American mobilization  but we cannot take away the flavor of Collins,Murkowski and McCain to the Americans victory.
Good job, now work with the House to #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Senator!
not one Dem caved so proud
Thank you for your persistence!
All you did was keep a policy the keeps premiums high making health insurance unaffordable for many Americans. You should be ashamed.
YOU screwed me AGAIN...I will NOT forget...
Thank YOU, Senator.
Yeah, I lost my doctor because of Obamacare, but you do you.
Thank you!
THANK YOU!
Now, repeal ACA and do not replace. Let "We the people" control of our health care.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, but....it's not over.
Thank you for fighting so hard for us!
Also thanks to @lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins for voting no again and their steadfast insistence of a bipartisan approach.
Thanks for your hard work! #resist
Thank you to the WA state senators that voted against repeal tonight. @PattyMurray  @SenatorCantwell
Thank you for focusing on the people, Senator Murray, and not the money.  Your vote and tenacity are appreciated!
Is it time to let go of my healthcare worry and focus on other fires now?
Bless you for all you have done
Thank you Senator Murray! This has kitterky been a matter of life and death, and has caused enormous fear for no good reason.

Happy day! Thank you Senator Murray!
Now would be a pretty opportune moment to counter with a single payer option, don't you think?
You DEFEATED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. Keeping Obamacare is a big government rap that will kill more jobs and make healthcare worse
THANK YOU!!! So grateful!
Are you covered by Obamacare Senator?
Senator Murray, thank you for what all of you did last night!  I'm proud that you are my Senator!!!!  THANK YOU!
Thank you!
Thank you to all the Senators who stood up for their constituents! You give me hope for our government!
Senator Murray, now we need to fix what is wrong. Don't stop fighting! People will be hurt as Obamacare now stands. Make Obamacare better.
Thank you and all the other Democrats for remaining united. Others may get the glory/headlines, but you were the key.
Thank you for your efforts in representing your constituents!
Thank you, senator
Support The Single Payer bill!
Thank you
Thank-you, Senator Murray. You have done an outstanding job!
Now work together please make ACA better even if you don't get everything you want
next step: fight for single payer
Haha  misleading bs
Sorry #pattymurray but OCare is nothing but a subsidised healthplan that is to expensive to use. Before OCare, I had affordable HC insurance
Thank you, senator!!!!!
Thanks for your leadership @PattyMurray and for representing your constituents so well. #Resistance
Thank you Senator Murray!!! It was close, however I'll take it. 
Thank you, Senator.
THANK YOU!!!!
Thank YOU, Senator! Glad to be represented by you (and please thank the good people in your office who are answering all our phone calls).
Thank YOU!!!! The senator from WY was a total jerk to you. Thank you for your fight
THANK YOU PATTY!!! Thank you for tirelessly fighting for your constituents. Thank you for not backing down. Thank you for keeping your word.
Thank you! I'm so proud to be a Washingtonian!
Good job Senator!!
Good work, Patty.  Thank you.
Yes this is what a political should do by thinking the people and to make the people happy
Compassion defeated this bill... O
And thank YOU, senator. I've never been more proud to be one of your constituents. Keep up the fight!
Thank you Sen. Murray
Thank you.
Thank you for your support!
Thanks to them women and that old beat up ex pow  uh huh !
They will be back
Thank you for what you did! #ankylosingspondylitis
THANK YOU! We appreciate your dedication and concern for us all.
Thank you Senator
You beat because of a snake
And thank you, Senator Murray, for your tireless efforts on our behalf!
Thanks Patty
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Murray!
I am so proud to be a life long Democrat tonight!
Thank you also to the 3 GOP stalwarts who vote with the Dems.

Thank YOU for your tireless resistance to the every injury the Republicans try to inflict on Americans and on our democracy.
You won't be smiling you partisan hack when Obamacare implodes our economy
Now we will see how many real friends u have on the other side of the aisle that are willing to help rebuild American and improve healthcare
Thank you for fighting for us.
Real tears of joy!!
@SarahLSmith677 Thank you! Proud to have you as my senator.
Thank you, Senator!
Celebrating? Obama Care failing as it was designed to do? Be careful what you hope for you might have to answer for it.
HUGE thanks to you, Senator Murray, for fighting so hard to make this happen. Thank you!
Thank you Senator! Purple Patriotism is the best way forward!
Thanks to you, too!
You did your job for Washingtonians! Thank you
Thank you Senator Murray!
Thank you for standing strong with us, your constituents.
Thank you for standing strong.
@PattyMurray next up fight those Education cuts. 
Thank you!
Thank you Patty for all your hard work
Thank you for your leadership on this important issue. You saved our care!
Thank you so much for your tireless efforts!
Lord forgive these leftwing socialistic fools for they know not what they do!  So many liberal leftwing fools we have in the USA. #MAGA
So proud of our Washington Senators! Thank you Senator Murray! Millions still have healthcare thanks to you!
Thank you and may god bless your family
Thank you
I support everything you do !
thank you!!
