Really Patty? Thoughts on this Harry Reid video since you were loyally standing next to him, hypocrite that you are.
and look who is standing right next to him. Little Patty cake and chuckie. #hypocrites
Exactly where she's always standing and saying nothing! She's a lapdog.
but yet Elizabeth Warren was trying to change the rules in 2013. What’s good for the goose not good for the gander?
Better yet, here's Patty standing by Harry Reid as he defends GOP elimination of fillibuster.
@ArianeBellamar scotus should be selected from the best applicants & Gorsuch isn't. This should have never grown so partisan.
Is the fact that you think he is unqualified due to the fact he is conservative?
I find him outside of the mainstream, yes. Several of his prior rulings have chilled my heart.
He came for a John Birch Society hand picked list. Enough said.
Like someone said before... "there is a special place in Hell for people like you".....
Hey Patty, When would be a good time for you to #payback all the #BribeMoney you took? Surely you want #CleanHands?
#Hypocrisy

#trumpRUSSIA
If u were doing based on something besides hate but u arent
Not really! Remember who created the #NuclearOption? Dems of course!! #MAGA
love it.@SenateDems are showing their #hypocrisy at a major level. What's good for the goose is ...
Unless, of course it favors the Domocrats, right? What a hypocrite.
Got a perfectly good nominee now. Why change? Dems can't stand to have a conservative in that position.
had a perfectly good nominee in Merrick Garland. Rs can't stand to have anything other than an extremist in that position.
Nuke it.

I'm sorry Patty but Gorsuch is a perfect nominee and since you crazy liberals are against his nomination then your against the Constitution
indeed
Their are plenty Supreme Court Justices who were confirmed without 60 votes. So please stop dumbing down the population.
This Blue-blood Democrat, thinks EVERY "D" Senator should hit the floor and SINCERELY apologize to "R's" for breaking the rules in 2013.
Thank you Senator Murray! Saying no to  Gorsuch Watching you in MI!
you have my total support. Republicans are at fault when they didn't have a hearing for Merrick Garland...
Yes...yes they do...just like Harry Reid did.  You Dems hate when you have no control and the Repubs play the game you invented.
Seattle area voted you in but the rest of Washington State doesn't want you....WE need to change the rules. #TermLimits
It's not about a different nominee. The only acceptable nominee is Garland. #SCOTUS #STOLEN
Amen!!
You dems did it so what's the diff?
Yeah and @ democrats gave him a meeting and a hearing @SenateMajLdr you suck
...The Republicans continue to rationalize behaviors they know are wrong and unethical. Keep up the good work
Believe u took that phrasing from liberal Schumer, can't u come up with ur own words???
Thank you for your hard work. We stand with you and the Senators who have and will used the filibuster against this nomination.
I wish there was an "unlike" option. Would be interesting to see how many people disagree with patty
So if those in office do this, when American people don't like a rule; we can change it?  Could you imagine?  That's what Rs do
Agreed. A guy who doesn't respect women and favors massive corporations isn't needed.
or change WA SENATORS.
BTW, America is ready 4 an #Amendment that Prez & VP must be reasonably TRUTHFUL & not intentionally disseminate FALSEHOODS 2 the ppl!
we are with you. Please fight for us.
I want to know why someone under FBI investigation for possible collusion is even allowed to make lifetime appointments.
you're just butthurt over Garland. Get over it and do something for THE PEOPLE. Confirm Gorsuch!
The Senate must not approve a plagiarist. To do so would be a breach of moral responsibility. #notoGorsuch
You democrats made that rule so get over it
If U can't get 60 votes for an appellate court nominee U don't need to change the rules, U need to change the nominee #Dems2013
Your job is not to win, it's to debate and meet in the center. You've turned activist in recent years. #TermLimits   #ConfirmGorsuch
Right!
No that's not what the American people the American voters want they want gorsuch
He will be confirmed! You're obstructing is a failure
Yup, thank you!
Thank you for opposing Neil Gorsuch.
Yes!
AMEN, Senator @PattyMurray!
If you can’t get 60 votes for a Supreme Court nominee, you don’t need to change the rules. You need to change the nominee. #SCOTUS
Get over it patty. The left lost. U had eight yrs 2 fix our problems. Your party failed. They just took 4 granted another liberal bcome prez
Well Said! Very well said!
Then vote Gorsech in, stop wasting our tax dollars.  We conservatives want this issue closed, get it done NOW.
thank you!
No, just following the demarcates lead...thank you Mr. Reid...
ya know who would be a good candidate?  there's a guy named Garland
unfortunately in The Lord of the Flies aka @realDonaldTrump 's world power is the only thing that matters. Rs worship only powr
Then why did you and the Dems change the rule for Federal judges when you were in the majority. Hipocritical don't you think.
You want to talk laws? You should start depending illegal aliens. What gives you the right to choose what laws to follow.
Don't tell Roy Blunt. He was just on NPR saying a simple majority is good for the Senate.
#obstructionist so we need 60 votes to implement new federal programs? Sounds great to me.
Thank you Senator Murray! #StopGorsuch
Love you.
Is that why Reid with your help had to change the rules for all other judges?  You're such a lying hypocritical sack of poop!
Patty's Staff, 
You are WRONG again! Elections have consequences.  
Have a Nice Day! 
Signed, 
A Washington State Resident.
I know who they could get through the existing process!  *cough*Garland*cough*
NO IT WAS SAID FROM THE BEGINNING THAT THE DEMOCRATS WERE GOING TO NOT AGREE WITH ANY NOMINEE PROPOSED BY @POTUS!  YOUR DOING WHAT YOU SAID!
Preach 
No we need to change the Senator.
You reap what you sow.
what are your specific objections?
That he was nominated by a Dem.
Sigh, yes. Please don't politicize the Supreme Court.
Can you imagine these folks? Don't have the votes so they lower the bar?
So you agree Garland needed to be replaced! Sweet @PattyMurray
We need to change liberal ideologues such as yourself. Enough of your insanity. @potus
Ha  Ha  Ha
Yes but republicans are dirty dishonest men
That last statement says a lot about you
Nuke em
The Reps. may resort to the nuclear option ,but that's a hell of a way to get what they want.In this case to steal a judicial seat.
If leftists didn't put their so-called moral agenda ahead of the Constitution & rule of law, we wouldn't have so much divisiveness
#Wrong
well said
