Oh please Patty, you democrats are now being held account for that crap call obama care.  Your pkan has failed miserably!
Boy it must be nice to live in your dreamworld.   You and Obama destroyed our healthcare.   We won't forget it.
Our healthcare system has sucked for 50 yrs.  Obamacare made it marginally better and GOP wants to destroy that.
#Impeachtrumpnow
People will die is what GOP will b held accountable for.
Hmm...you managed to be both wrong & rude in that comment. 
GOP supports Reaganomics which opposes any gov effort to help people neglected by market forces Reaganomics always fails at every gov level
You democrats have over spent the nation, we are to the point we have to cut till it hurts to get our check book back in order.
Throw the books at this corrupt GOP administration
You leftist socialist democratic morons are the ones who have ruined our healthcare insurance coverages!
U mean the "failing current health care system"
If anyone were to be held accountable it would have happened at some point over the past 5 years.
Your delusion is saddening
NOTHING WILL STOP ME  POTUS DJT
Reading all the tweets NO LOVE OUT SIDE OF KING COUNTY#TERMLIMTES
ALL need to be held accountable. Not just GOP! Ocare is a disaster- where is that accountability? Step up & fix it!
Any major change comes with unforeseen issues. It's better to work them out than scrap the whole thing because of @realDonaldTrump pride.
Healthcare was doomed with YOUR'S & OBAMA's healthcare. #obamacare
Really? Can I suggest you go to a cancer center in your area & volunteer? I guarantee there are people still alive there because of ACA care
listen concentrate on impeachment follow the russian money
That would lead to killary.
We must stop him. Any staff with a moral spine will quite this man.
So does that mean you are taking full responsibility for the Obama care failure that had caused a burden on me and millions that work?
You have to be kidding me something you didn't read before U past has now failed and you want to blame somebody else Obamacare sucks
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
http://vimeo.com/216510016   13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share! 10-min documentary
It's been failing since 2K10. Premiums rose LONG ago.Real need for citizens to challenge media driven narrative
Patty Murray: Trump & GOP will be held accountable because DEMS will not work with the administration. All you do is whine. Work instead
Thank you, Senator! We appreciate your representation & strong leadership.
Don't forget climate change.
Sabotaging? Health care does not come under the constitutional umbrella. DC needs to be out of health care. It belongs to the states.
That's a remarkably abbreviated list of things that I'll hold them accountable for.
#exRepublican
I will definitely try anything the last 8 years my insurance went from 297 to 987 with a 13000 deductible it can't get for me #TERMLIMTES
Tell us Patty, true or false, 18 of 23 insurers left the market before @POTUS? Need help? True. Doesn't need sabotage. Imploding
Doesn't it have to pass first? Or are you already looking to pass the buck on the abomination you passed in 2010?
It is sad that you believe what you read in @nytimes. Oh yeah, you are a Democrat!
Share what pro-life means to you, please.
How about inciting racist, white supremacist violence & violating every tenet of the American Dream? U & @SenatorCantwell holding for that?
How? He has created chaos and the mob is still in charge. Explain how please. Congress needs to step up now.
Obamacare is a mess, please fix it
Why do you lie? U promised $2500 savings; just opposite. ACA is a mess now--YOUR MESS
You need Gruber to say why Obamacare is worth saving and how stupid the American people are.
Are you serious? I am holding you accountable for Obamacare.
A person shot in the head is not "dying under it's own weight"
the @GOP gassed it.
How? Look what they have already gotten away with.
When will you Democratics listen to legal liberals like Alan Dershowits from Harvard who says what Trump did is not against the law!
I'd like to think so but I doubt it.
At least we had the common courtesy to let you see what is in it before we pass it. Not the turd that came from Pelosi.
And yet you don't feel you should be held accountable for the disaster called Obamacare. Can you spell Hypocrite = #DemNOcrat @FoxNews
Among many other things his administration's done, right?  I'm not okay with their repeal of environmental protections either.
Sabotage. Really? Why don't you do something constructive like getting light rail funding that's been cut back in budget.
No you're getting us a hundred percent responsible for Obamacare and its failure remember when Nancy said sign it read it later
Thank you Senator Murray. It's reassuring that your working for us Washingtonians.
I'm glad you finally are showing what they are doing to undermine the law of the land the ACA and all the jobs that will go with it!
We sure hope so. The GOP is a cancer to America
Liberals are 600lb fat tumors that need to be cut out of America
Our current healthcare system suck by design. YOU and your cohorts are to blame for that
#mariacantwell #pattymurray = more lying sacks of shit on #obamacare  https://youtu.be/qpa-5JdCnmo  #seattleWA #Seattle #Democrats #DNC #edmurray
And our elections! Americans have been tricked!  We should go by popular vote.   One side can't ignore the issues like nothing has happened
They must PAY for their sabotage!
