We need people across the country to keep the pressure on, keep up the fight, and refuse to be silenced!
No worries! We will keep voting you negative leaders out until we MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #OurKidsOurEducation not Washington
. So you're okay with sub standard education, then.
There is no standard education. This country is huge and diverse. Claiming we're all equal is collectivism. Dangerous
so were not equal? Lol
No, not by any means. Being equal is far different from having equal God given rights.

Yes!  Yet another childish meme from a Trump supporter.  Bravo sir for the original thought.  #notesarcasm
how's that persuasion working for you?
Poorly....just like our entire Executive and Legislative branches at this time.
ikr president trump and vp Pence keep winning and winning
and America and everything we stand for and have built our country into lose.
omg
I'm very impressed with your extensive library of other people's thoughts.  Got any of your own to share?
we need to get lib losers like you out office and get people in who understand change is needed
nope, sorry, you and the NEA lose, kids and education win.
thank god nobody developed a case of being paid off by the "establishment " education system. It is time for change get out
the current public school system that is failing and has directly caused the US to slip in the standings world wide.

We were discussing the education of our children.  You got childish memes.  Move along.  Nothing to see here.
Bullies like the rioters are simply low life Bullies and actually can't grasp what the real problems are.
No, but thank you Usama Bin Laden supporter
I'm not surprised that we couldn't.
If we can't convince one more Republican, then we now know they care only about themselves, not representation.
HAHAHAHAHAHA  a Republican do the right thing.... HAHAHAHAHAAHA
@leoniehaimson The right thing as far as Ms. Devos may be moving toward more privatized approach creating greater opportunity
@marcylauren you are doing a wonderful job. @SenatorHassan is my senator. I plan on being part of the Ed commission. In 2020.
@MomRovin the fact  they aren't all doing the right thing is the problem...#NoScrupleJustRubles
Why don't you try moving the country forward instead of being the party of obstruction and destruction @PattyMurray

This is the most frightening thing about this whole charade. Absolutely no senate check on Bannon and crew. https://twitter.com/SenFranken/status/828975579395477504 …
.@PattyMurray UR AN EMBARRASSMENT TO WA ST
you've done a phenomenal job and we appreciate you! #holdthefloor
Yep gotta maintain that control over something that isn't in the Constitution, and make sure you get that Teacher's union money
all it takes is teachers union money it worked for the two no votes
SHAME ON YOU!
If Teachers Union will send me more money I'll continue to oppose anything that will help our children.
received money from teachers union so who do do think she's going to side with #ConfirmDeVos
You are wrong Sen. Murray. I taught middle school for 31 years and Trumps pick DeVos is the way to go.
If @PattyMurray doesn't think America's schools are failing she might need to get out among the stupidity Dimms have created!
Thank you Senator Murray!
@PolitiBunny By all means senator, do the right thing. 
Patty Murray the soon to be FORMER Senator Patty Murray in 2018
You're also sending a message to parents, like myself, that you don't want me to be able to choose a better school for my girls
It would be wonderful if 2-3 more Senators would care about our children and there education! #NoToBetsyDeVos. #DumpDeVos
How about you getting in there personally with one of your Senate buddies and get them to change their mind.
You Dems are out of touch, your so called base of everyday Americans want school choice! @BetsyDeVos will be confirmed.
and if you can't, Pence casts the deciding vote. Fun, huh?
I will Donate to EVERY senator who votes against devos when it's time for their reelection because I know they care about kids
There are so many messages to send to him. NO ON DeVos!
Thank you for working so hard to protect our schools! This is an important fight, and we can't let up.
Thanks for standing up for your constituents and what's right for America.
rethugs playing cpl here cpl there. never enuff. make heller AND flake PAY in 2018!!! WE WILL!! this crap IS ON THEM!DEMS STAND
I happen to know a guy who knows a guy that can do it. Donate $1 mil  to #ImNotPence in Russia bank account.
DBL DN on this, mid term elections, drain the swamp! #MAGA
@msmack9871 Here is the call list. Convince one or all of them
which one Senator? Let us know and we will all #noDevos
@SenToomey @SenThomTillis
NO ON DEVOS.
Wont happen, your 24 hour floor BS, will not work!!! Hope the Lobbyists paid the light bill!!
incompetence not acceptable for ed leadership & no time to experience failure risking minorities ed future
Thank you Senator Murray. You are fighting the good fight - and apparently you're inexhaustible. Stay strong! We appreciate you
Thank you for all your work on this.
thank you for agreeing to #holdthefloor and take a stand against DeVos. #NoonDeVos
The GOP won't answer the phones and Cruz called cops on constituents to have them removed. They ignore us!
youre doing great. Keep putting the pressure on Surely they all know she is unfit
@AltMtRainier thank you and I hope one more votes no. Educators abhor what she does and does not stand for.
YES!!!...DOWN WITH THE TEACHERS MONOPOLY!!...
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/06/us/politics/betsy-devos-democrats-education.html?_r=0 …
Thank you, senator, for your tireless work speaking up for us and speaking against #DeVos. #NoonDeVos
if only wishes were dreams and dreams reality...
@SenatorCarper  Charter Schools NOT UNION. Better education for the kids. Get out of the Teachers Union's pocket.
@SenatorCarper Instead of the two of you siding with the teacher's union think about kids. Charter schools = better education.
Thank you, Senator Murray. #KeepFighting #hero
Thank you for voting #NoOnDeVos
thank you so much continuing to fight for our children!
@giufuliafa thank you for your efforts, Senator Murray! #NoOnDeVos
my friend in PA says Toomey is ignoring calls. Time for email!!
just voted AGAINST working Families & the Elderly &with BIG PHARMA Dems Have Not Forgotten your SD Vote USURPING Wash Dem Votes
keep fighting!
@Kvitka0118 Bought off by the NEA also huh.
When thump is removed from office, how will the repubs explain their actions on this ? We need experience, not $!
@SenatorCarper What can people with Dem Senators do to help support the cause?
@SenatorCantwell Thank you. Does it do any good for WA residents to call Senators in other states?
@kimmie8264 I would recommend @SenToomey but he's in 4 $60k to BV. Don't think think he'll sell his vote
show evidence that centralizing power for education has produced results.
Sen Barrasso now iffy abt DeVos" State offices, all 307 ac: 261-6413, 772-2451, 856-6642, 362-5012, 672-6456. D.C: 202-224-6441
Thank you for the RT, Tracy. Since he is on the fence about DeVos at this time we may have a chance!!
Portman No DeVos. I'm from Ohio.De Vos gave$51000 to his re-election. How many Senators did she buy?
thank you SO MUCH Sen. Murray for standing up for public education!!
@SenatorCantwell Thank you, Senators! For keeping up the good fight for education, students, teachers. #holdthefloor #NoonDeVos
Disgusting to see Democrats engaged in ideological obstructionist stunts at the expense of the welfare of the American people.
Come on Patty  According to CNN, Murray pulled a question regarding special education form a fact sheet/plagiarize
Her hearing was disgusting! Her dancing around, Alexander praising her b4&even after plagerism, what does this show our kids?If
u have $ u don't need an education. Or that no matter how hard u work it don't matter only $ does. She didn't even know basic
education terminology that a student enrolled in their 1st semester of college does. Our kids deserve better than this! Roy
Blunt is 1 of my Senators, he used to be a high school history teacher, knows she's not qualified but $$ talks, she gave him $
Social media is on fire supporting you!  Stand strong!  #noDevos #NoondeVos #Resistance
Don't count on Cory Gardner, he doesn't have the courage to do anything but suck up to Mitch McConnell.
Senator,  If the pol. system cannot convince one more Republican about the wrongful nom of DeVos the system is simpy a joke
not a single @SenateGOP can justify voting 4 the mess that is #DeVos.
pick ppl you have collaborated with talk to them personally
is there not a @SenateGOP who's a role model for my students?Who has integrity & a conscience?@lisamurkowski & @SenatorCollins
WHO can we call to let our voice be heard - please include phone number

and go against their constituents?
Who's leaning?
They'd certainly make the history books...

Thank You- for keeping up the fight!
Thank you, Patty! #DeVos and her supporters have to BUY positive impressions of her nom: https://www.publicintegrity.org/2017/02/06/20674/secret-money-fueling-pro-betsy-devos-ad-campaigns … via @Publici
so true I seen commercials on TV here in Missouri again last night
thank you we are trying
not to Trump, to people. Dems and Reps have stated how DeVos is unqualified. Kids are off limits to political bickering.
I am hoping for just  one more to say no
she already had the Dems and their unions... HuffPost for a balanced view... smh
many conservatives have been begging the Dems to do the right thing ---look how that is working out. Both parties are very sad
maybe she is a Mom in tennis shoes.
please....
