. Be careful 45 will try to take credit for your hard work!
Presidunce says no hes not
Thank you S. Murray too bad our President is opposed - after he supported it after he opposed it after he supported it. Whiplash President.
Better late than never
This must end
Proud to be a Washingtonian.  Wish we could get rid of greedy politicians like Cathy Mcmorris.  Wake up Spokane.
Yeah thats nice, get that past the conservatives sweetheart. 
Alexander is a hack.
Is the bill available to the public?
I hope you all hit this out of the park and make trump eat his words.
Very presidential of you both.
You suck
This is how you move the country forward n do the business of its people.  Thanking both Senators!!!
You are the BEST
Patty you're a joke. Please understand that.
Stop the Americans money to insurance companies
Thank you, @PattyMurray for speaking truth to power & representing this Washington. Also, thanks @SenAlexander Nice to see adults at work.
0 mos late
9 months late
Thank you! We going have take the law in our on hands.
A bunch of freebies to insurance companies,  come up with a workable suction for America
Finally, a bipartisan initiative. This is how it is meant to work. Could we see more please.
America is stronger when we work together.
go patty!
This is seriously the best political news ALL YEAR!!!
Did you and Senator Alexander ask any doctors how shitty the current healthcare is and how to fix it....NO!
Thank you both. Bipartisan efforts on behalf of American people. Hope it passes.
I'm always proud to vote for you, @PattyMurray
@TaurielResists @SenAlexander Thank you Sen Murray and Sen Alexander. 
Country before PARTY!
We are so proud to call you our Senator!
I’m glad that you’re representing WA state Senator.
Finally!!!
Thank you @PattyMurray & @SenAlexander for reaching across the aisle and working together on a bipartisan approach.

WITH TRUMP I WILL NOT HOLD MY BREATH!
Can't wait to see what you to have come up with. Thank you for sticking up for the American People!!!
Better late than never
It is not common ground and quite simply you are propping up Obamacare. How long did that take you?  Two days
Reports showed you will allow insurance companies to drop req basic services. If that's true, not sure how this is a win. Can you clarify?
Which is, of course, what dems and reps shld have been doing the last few years!
Correction: this isn't about healthcare...it is about paying for healthcare.
More of Fed Gov exceeding  authority by expanding Socialism & Gov control of healthcare of which Gov will have access 2 every doctor visit
I sure hope it will help #SmallBiz !  We are seriously struggling!
Sooo... now only citizens in Red states (most likely to suspend insurance requirements) will get screwed? I guess that could work...
this bipartisan effort should be rewarded this is how legislation gets done
Trump is pulling his backing
Term limits.
Thank you both for bringing some sanity to this issue.
alexander is a rino and not looking to really reform healthcare: just capitulate
This is how it's supposed to work. Find that common ground for the people. No bashing,name calling Twitter slandering.
Just say single payer. No more corporate welfare.
Will this help me the past four years ? NO!! GO...TO...HELL!!
Thank you so much! But please tell me how this gets through the senate?
We've heard this before, don t trust the reps they don't care about the country.
A glimmer of light. Let's hope your efforts (urgently needed and appreciated) are not undermined.
We are huh. No potus is
Thank you! Let's expand on this and block this administration from its harmful edicts
Thank You, Senators! I felt myself exhale when you were on the news.  Terrible to be so afraid to lose HC that breath is held. In AMERICA!
Thank you both for coming together for the good of the country and our most vulnerable. Courageous leadership is bipartisan. More, please.
Thank you for your hard work!
Thank you for reminding us how government is supposed to work.
Thank you Patty!
Thank you both of you !

Thank you for all your hard work on this issue 
Thank you for say these words, “the sabotage by this administration” our words have power and we need to start speaking them. Thank you.
Yeah, the common ground is no healthcare for anyone who actually needs it-great work guys!
Kudos to you both! #KeepTheFlagFlying!
And now we'll get to watch Trump take credit for it.
Does it cover people who need health care coverage?
Thread 
Thread on details of the deal:

https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/920401437598683136 …
Congrats on a fine job!
Thank you, I am afraid to be optimistic but I applaud that you both have the courage to do what you think will help people
Thank you! God bless your efforts on behalf of all of us.
Thank you Senator Murray!!
That is nice.  Why don't you get together on this instead.  Eliminates a lot of $ paying for Insurance instead of Real Health Care
all of you SUCK on Capitol Hill. No Trust
I'm a life long Dem.. get a backbone. enough is enough.
What are you thanking them for? Have you read the bill? How much $ did they take from big pharma and insurance? Id wait until the ink is dry
Sabotage? I hate that you represent me & say these insulting things. Obama fined me becuz I had no ins. And that's ok? I'm glad he's gone.
Thank you Senator Murray.
Thank you for working hard to find common ground. You walk the talk.
Outstanding. Thank you!
Love, 
All sane Americans
How much more is this plan of yours going to cost? Why are you so intent on pricing the average citizen out of reasonable cost #healthcare?
Thank you @PattyMurray for never giving up! You do Washington proud :)
Thank you @PattyMurray for reaching across the aisle to preserve ACA subsidies that @POTUS would undo.
We’re ironing out last details of our agreement, but I’m proud to say @SenAlexander & I have been able to find common ground on health care. 
Way to go Senator Murray! That's how our government is *supposed* to work.

Thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you! and @SenAlexander too
Rise above Trump’s sabotage. Show him the Senate is capable!
Thanks for the work.
Thank you for all of your hard work!  I am alive thanks to the ACA.
I trust you, Patty, to work in the best interest of Washington State & the country! TY.
Thank you, Senators!
Omg, trump has contradicted himself 3 times today on this deal- will he sign? Doubtful it's too reasonable
And thank you for your efforts, maybe if donnie thinks it'll pass- he might jump on for a sort of win
Thrilled that there’s still a mom in tennis shoes in the Senate taking care of us
Thank you! Our country so deeply needs bipartisanship!
You’re giving me hope that I thought wouldn’t come until 2020 or impeachment
BREAKING: Satan’s helpers defy kind, loving, lord Trump. Attempt to provide HC 4 poor/disabled. Unpatriotic. No respect 4 vets, god, USA!
Get the govt out of the HC business and we wouldn’t be having these discussions!!
Too bad Trump won't sign off on it unless you change it's name to Trumpcare.
Thanks 4 bringing some order & collaboration back 2 the table! Looking forward 2 hearing more! Pls keep McConnell away, he’s a saboteur 2.
Glad you got it done....finally! But, let's not blame @realDonaldTrump,  you were just forced to fix Obama's mess and do your job!
Thanks for your hard work, persistence, and optimism.
Working together... who knew!?!
Thanks for your hard, persistent work on our behalf.  Whidbey Island is proud of you!!
THANK YOU!  You are heroes!
Good job ! Keep at it
Nice. Thank you
#MedicareForAll
MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW STOP THE CORRUPT INSURANCE COMPANIES !!
Kudos to Sens Alexander & Murray both hero’s working so hard on this excellent bipartisan bill that a majority & Trump appear to agree on!
Can we do this,work together to help the American people I applaud the Attempt but we need a solution and permanent outcome
Thanks Sen. Murray, another example of why you’ve always been a role model for me. Keep up the great work.
congratulations!
Ok now make it  work for the American people
Thank you and keep up the great work!!
Well one good thing has come out of both sides hatred for trump. They are talking to each other again.
I'm taking a wait and see approach.
Repeal. Just repeal. Get GOVT out of healthcare. It belongs in a free market where competition makes it affordable
Thank you so much, Senators! This is what I expect from our Congress, please keep going. #WAvoter #NeedACAtoWork
I think you need to be working on impeachment already. I'm more scared about what Trump will do next then healthcare to be honest.
Thank you @PattyMurray and @SenAlexander for your persistence. This is how the Senate is supposed to work.
MadamSen.
You pay for nothing, zero dollars out of your pocket.
We foot your salary and everyone else who gets the free ride.
Give me break!
It's so good to see adults governing! Thank you, Patty!
Want to honestly ask these politicians ONE question, WHY do you HAVE to break OUR healthcare? What the HELL is wrong with you repugnants?
Good job, Senator! Never give up!
Thank you both for working together, it matters to the whole nation.
Oh trump will KILL IT!
Great...hang your head in shame #DonaldTrump worst #POTUS ever!
Get out of my healthcare!! You know why my home owners hasn't skyrocketed? Congress has no interest in it! Get OUT!!!
The struggles of being short. I get you girl.
Excellent. As it should be.
Let's see the details before praising this. If its Trumpcare Lite, no go. 
Obamacare has to go
Congratulations and thank you!
If you are still forcing me to buy health insurance product and forcing me to pay for things I don't need and won't use then it is still bad
guaranteed benie did diddly, but he sure saw when the cameras were being set up.
If it seems to good to be true...it probably is. Be careful Democrats, be very careful.
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you, Senators, for putting people before party.
Fingers crossed.
Did I mention that America should create Medicare for All?
Fed Court ruled Insurance Company Subsidies Unconstitutional & lllegal but Lawless Patty Ignores Decision!
Grown ups!  Thank you @SenAlexander @PattyMurray You give us a glimmer of hope.
I contend neither of you nor your colleagues are qualified to meddle in this, please get the hell out of it

I’m so proud to be able to say that Sen Murray truly represents my state and works towards bipartisanship. Thank you, Patty,
You guys finally do some light work and you feel compelled to beat your chest like hero's.
Keep working!
I'm sure @realDonaldTrump will find a way to spin this as he successfully got the parties to work together. #smh
Rock and roll, Senator Murray! Rock and roll! So proud to be a Washingtonian who has such a wonderful representative who looks out for all!
Thank you!!!
Thank you both for your work and caring about the American people.
So how will this stop Trump from undermining the ADA?
Finally, Senators who know how to do their jobs.  Thanks for standing up!
.@PattyMurray - Senator, you are a rock star in my estimation! THANK YOU!
You're still not really helping I think. But nice try.
What did you give away to Republicans?? Social security? Medicare? Medicaid? Food stamps? I do not trust you.
Will believe it when I see it! What about the Medicare cuts!
Thank you! I hope these measures include some relief for those who buy individual HCI but don't qualify for subsidies. Tax exempt premiums?
Finally some working members of congress doing their job. Well done.
thank u, country over party as john mcCain would say
I think I see the "common ground." Patty, left; Lamar, right. #AlexanderMurray
Always blaming this administration. Obama's admin is to blame/no fine tooth combing when he pushed this massive debacle on the taxpayers.
Thank you Senator Murray and @SenAlexander for your hard work to save healthcare and American lives.
Thank you Senators!
A great bi-partisan achievement! But you're going to need a clever name like Healthcare Bridge Bill so @POTUS signs it. He could do a 180...
Go you!
WTG Sen Murray !! Proud to call you my Senator every day !! Congrats also to @SenAlexander.
Thank you Thank you Thank you Senators
OK, but you should all expect @realDonaldTrump to take full credit for any progress that congress makes on this issue. Wait for it....
Why not call it United States Health Care? Why are we calling it Obama, or Trump care. Seriously pass a bill and get rid of this ego BS.
Thank you!! Excited to hear the details!
Rand Paul really hates it, so you're doing something right. Nice work @PattyMurray @SenAlexander - proud of you both.
Thanks for your efforts - good luck in getting enough votes to pass it.  It seems like there are some who think health care is gov overreach
Thank you both for bringing some sanity to the situation!
Love you for fighting the good fight. Proud you’re my senator!
Thank you!!! Glad to see that some people in this government still have a moral compass and are willing to fight for American citizens.
Thank you Senator Murray!!!!! Awesome news!
You are not my Senator, however, thank you for correcting a horrible deed done by a President to his own citizens.
Thank you
That was awesome to watch that.
Thank you Senator Murray
Patty Murray my Senator.
Thank you both for your continued work on health care, this is what we need more up!!  Keep up the good work
Thank you for your leadership on healthcare, @PattyMurray!!
Thank you!
I'm so proud you're my Senator Patty. Go Patty! I will vote for you again!
Thank you Senators.   Glad to see a bipartisan approach in working this issue.  Hopefully,  it will continue in the future.


Well do we get to read it before you pass it on to us before you force us to take it and are you signing up for it??
Nice to hear some very strong words about what Trump is doing from a Senator! #Resist
Thank you Senator Murray for your courage and your strong bipartisan efforts to sustain the ACA!
Something I've always appreciated abt u @PattyMurray, always willing 2 go the extra mile. Thank u 4 looking out 4 ur fellow Americans
We are all just a bit tired of catching in the "back side" every time we turn around. It's getting hard to trust ANYONE. TY Sen. Murray.
Okay, we'll see, I hope you are correct. It's nice that you sound hopeful. But you can't blame US(A) if are a tad "gun shy" so to speak.
 Fingers crossed too. Somehow I know, however, if this works out @realDonaldTrump will take credit for this.
Thank you Senator Murray
Hey Liar Murray, premiums were exploding long before @realDonaldTrump took office. @BarackObama ensured most of pain felt after he left ofc
Thank you for your hard amazing work!
