Young Americans are the future of our country.  I know, wild concept and hard for you to understand since all you do is pander to illegals.
These young people are every bit American, even if not full citizens. They deserve rights and representation.
The problem is they are not. Can't disregard the law just because its not nice to some.
What law have they broken? These people work and live and contribute as much to our society as anyone. No reason to exclude our neighbors.
Being in the country illegally is a crime.  I think something needs to be done but we can't paint them all as innocent.
It’s really not. Have a look.
Like I said I agree something needs to be done. I work with a couple of them who are great. I just don't agree they are all innocent
As a population, immigrants commit fewer crimes than citizens, illegal immigrants even fewer still. Too great a risk.
I don't believe it. I believe it would be much lower.
She is a lying piece of slime, this is why Democrats turn people's stomachs, no lie too big, 42% in school including High School
It’s difficult to estimate as most schools don’t ask status. Half of all undocumented people are pursuing degree.
Perfectly reasonable to infer that actual DACA recipients are in programs. Senator has access to more data than us.
So even if 42% is accurate, I wouldn’t consider a difference in estimates grounds to call my legislator ‘slime’ or attack all Democrats.
Taking away from our citizens who should have their bachelor's degree for free instead of expensive school loans&taking away jobs.
Immigrant college graduates do not take jobs from citizens. They do not drive up school costs. All post-secondary education should be funded
They are illegals and have no rights.
The Constitution makes almost no reference to writes guaranteed only to citizens, & 14A guarantees equal protections to all.
Even if that is true, as proven to Nancy Pelosi, they will not be happy unless all 14,000,000 of their family members are exempted too.

That is unacceptable, and unfair to everyother immigrant who came here properly.

Build that wall, then maybe we can talk. But not before
So...? Every resident contributes and makes our communities stronger. How many of those family members are children, and so citizens?
And, how many of them broke the law when they entered the country illegally? 

We can't be a nation of laws when we have millions here that had no regards for our laws when they entered.
In all likelihood, none of them broke any law such as illegal entry. Most overstay valid visas.
They have expirations for a reason, why there isn't a law enforcing that shows how ignorant law makers are. 

But that still makes up less than half of those, and they should still be forced to go when caught. No law says they have to be allowed to stay.
Where did you get these numbers? Dreamers are Americans anyway.
No they are Not,
Born in the States.
They are here illegally and would be in jail then deported in any other country except this one. I bet we are paying their schooling too.

Screw the fake dreamers all r adult parasites let Americans dream their dreams to reality
By not obtaining citizenship they are taking up places legal citizen should be getting. HOW many grants do they get a year? How much is it costing us that can't afford to send our OWN children to college ?
Hey Patty! My kids fought all the damn fires (DNR) to pay for college. Where’s the dream? Why do state residents get less than illegals?
DACA recipients are American Citizens. Thank you Patty for considering this targeted group. #ProtectDreamers
Dreamers are American, but not US citizens. We need DREAM Act to provide them a path to equal rights, not DACA work permit revocable at will
Patty Murray you represent the State of Washington? How do I talk with you?
Patty Murray protect unborn babys and allow them to live.
Can they transfer those college units to the University of Guadalajara?  Most colleges are preparing kids to be alt left #snowflakes.
WHY HAVEN'T YOU PROTECTED MY "DREAMERS"?
My children NO LONGER HAVE COLLEGE FUNDS BECAUSE MY WWII VETERAN FATHER HAS HAD TO SPEND THOUSANDS PROTECTING MY CHILDREN
NOBODY REACHED OUT TO HELP ME AND MY CHILDREN! SHAME ON YOU AND THE ENTIRE PACIFIC NORTHWEST
What about Americans being our future?
I'm not sure if you've noticed but allot of Americans have allot of college debt who can't find jobs.
She's so out of touch it's pathetic! Come and see what a shitshow is going on in CA!
My children were "legally" adopted and brought to this country from China and Vietnam
My children and I have survived HORRIFIC DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
Thank you Senator!
Are they paying their tuition or paying on student loans? My kids had to and they are American citizens.
Really. Those that may support DACA surely don't believe "Dreamers" are our future.
These illegals are costing US taxpayers billions. Then they come out and take Anerican kids jobs. #deport
I think the point is that @realDonaldTrump & @SenateGOP do not want an educated America. They are building the next desperate workforce.
I don’t want an America educated by the Left wing professors!!
Yes, I can see why open mindedness, creative thought, critical thinking & logical deduction would terrify you.
That would be great if that was taught in our institutions.
You have to RESIGN now the founding fathers did not want career politicians #TermLimits and illegal aliens must go back #DeportThemAll
Bull, start supporting America
Here's the opinion of the Justice Dept, saying DACA is legal, before I'm sure it will be removed from the website.
https://www.justice.gov/file/179206/download …
To keep them from harms way
Do you realize that you have a child rapist teaching in Oregon? He came from your State!
Reading these comments I see most want these illegals deported. So who the heck are you fighting for, the illegals ? DEPORT them now!
What about Americans? What about all those slots and scholarships that are only for illegals? Why doesn’t that outrage you? #AntiAmerican
This is why #MAGA-ts are afraid of them...hard working individuals with a strong work ethic making things happen vs feeling you deserve
I make great money and everything I own is free of debt, home, vehicles, etc. Bet you cannot afford a vacation.
Ahh! This is sad! Where are the young AMERICANS who are the future of this country? Oh, right, they're too entitled to work for anything.
These people are every bit as American as young citizens working under crushing student debt.
Under current law, I agree. I merely lament that our students see the need to accumulate debt when it is unecessary.
I am a millennial, natural born citizen, and 100% debt-free graduate student. No my parents did not pay & no federal aid.
I worked as a counselor serving Service connected disabled Veterans in the Pacific Northwest for over 2 decades
That’s a higher percentage of higher education than those who voted for Trump.   He’s threatened by them and their success.
DEAR MS. MURRAY,  WHY DO YOU GIVE "FREEBIES" TO ILLEGALS?  THE TAXES I PAY SHOULD ONLY BE FOR THE BETTERMENT OF AMERICANS
Mam, turn the statistics page bottom up. There, now read it.

Inflate your numbers much?
100% DACA recipients should have started legal immigration process NOT profiting from parents illegal activity! #DoYourJob
Deport all illegal Mexican Criminal aliens!
That’s fantastic, just think of all the good they will do when they’re sent back. American educated, they can change their new country.
We've invested in them just to give them away to another country???  Makes no $ense!  They are valuable
Less white people the better! Get these historic murders out.
How many American Indian tribes y'all elec. officials put this much money & time into track % of anything that happen 2us & fed. Rec. all us
Did not know that
And what are you doing for small American citizen owned businesses?
That is simply not true
Thank you for your support Senator. -AZ transplant
Not unless they become US Citizens!  DACA recipients should B required 2 serve in 
US Military or Federal service B4 becoming Citizen.
Hey @PattyMurray ...what about the CHIP program?
Tax payers are paying for it. My kids had to work for it besides having served in the military. No freebies here!
You’re a liar.
Only if they get their citizenship! Just think what they could do for their original country instead of hiding out!
Yeah paid for by the parents who get zero tuition help for their children! Ding Bat’
They aren't, "dreamers", the feel good term. They are illegal aliens. Go through the proper channels of naturalization
I'm sure you're real proper.
They will be doing it in there country of origin soon
#FakeNews   Another one just committed rape.  Deport them now. Taking welfare, our jobs
Would you be so fervently protecting these #Dreamers if they were banned from voting for 25 years, after obtaining 'legal' status?
No second class citizens.
They are not citizens, second class or otherwise...They are actually criminals currently under the law...
Who’s paying I cannot afford to send my children to college. Am I paying for them and why makes no sense.
So you want illegals to be the future of our country? Why not young American citizens?
Because it is free for these leeches while real Americans have to pay.  These DACA are not the future of our country.
Make them all serve in US armed forces; no exemptions or exceptions
Every one of these young people are already contributing to the community. Why require they serve to secure imperialism and oil pipelines?
The future of our country are the kids we are failing with your horrible education system
they paying tuition?
Full, out of state or even international rates in many cases.
Great to know America imported 800,000 folks in addition to thousands imported thru legal channels to further compress job/wage market #DACA
But... we didn't import them, they imported themselves and don't forget their families. #DeportIllegals #DeportThemAll RIP #DACA
True, they did. But Obama & his predecessors let them.
#SancutaryCities policies of Patty Murray killed #KateSteinle
Our country has no future with trump in office. #ImpeachTrump
For what?  Success?  Pathetic.
Lady, that is 100 % b.s.
Fake news
Oh ya,
#protectAmericans
Let them be the future of Mexico.
Why are not citizens the future of our country? The laws passed by Congress is what makes them illegal.
Yes, DACA are the upper echelon of society. Saints & Ph.D.s
 https://cis.org/Immigration-Hurting-US-Worker …
Better and more professionally educated every year. Update your facts.
DACA & immigrants aren't the same. That chart isn't a chart about illegals. Nice try.
For free I'm sure. While I have to come up with $45,000 for my child and to help cover the cost of DACA
You are actively selling out this country's future for cheap Latino votes that will always vote Democrat
Source of this information Senator? #WillWait
The senator isn’t your researcher. Per link, 57% of undocumented are in high school, Uni, or have graduated college
Amazing that immigrants & their children seem to be the only ones who BELIEVE in higher education while natural borns whine & bitch abt them
The only way to keep them here is to fund the Wall and deport illegals. So get busy negotiating with President Trump.
Illegally
What happened to US Citizens children being the future of our country?! #protectuscitizensfuture @POTUS Defend our Constitutional Rights!
Their parents break our laws so their kids can take up spaces at our colleges. Let's face it most illegals are not in 4 year colleges
Yo! Turns out we’ve done more research since ‘97. Executive summary- you’re wrong. http://sites.nationalacademies.org/cs/groups/dbassesite/documents/webpage/dbasse_174371.pdf …

Highly skilled legal immigrants. There's the difference, chief. DACA parents aren't highly skilled. Construction workers driving down wages
Illegal aliens are the future of our country? Nope!
What have you done
Pretty arrogant of you.  Elitist as well.  #protectcitizens
14 DAYS BEFORE THE WA STATE KIDNAPPING OF RIVER ON 09/16/15
https://youtu.be/joTzL3QqeYU 

National RICO Lawsuit In And On Seattle!

U.S. Code › Title 18 › Part I › Chapter 13 › § 241
18 U.S. Code § 241 - 
Conspiracy against rights
they'll certainly be an asset to their home country.
Yeah and thanks to you dummyrats I am paying for them to go to school. I can't afford to send my own child cause I'm extorted by Y 4 them NO
I hope they convince all their acquaintances to vote out the GOP.
They do vote illegally.  Everything they do is illegal.
You know that's not true.
#ProtectOurWildHorsesAndBurrosFromZINKEandKochBrosPUBLICLandGrab @lisamurkowski @SenPattyMurray@RyanZinke @SenateMajorityL  & U R Frm KY
Please RT so McConnell hears us loud and clear . TY@SenateMajorityL.
He’s from horse state and lives in Louisville,home of KY Derby .
I am sickened by the force of the Right winged extremists in our country. This should never happen. Thanks for your leadership!
23% will complete school and earn that government funded degree. 15% will rape/kill somebody.  36% will be on some form of welfare.
What about the young people born here. Their not the future? U must b talking future democrat voters or hoping
Um I call bullshit!! Show us the facts!
That’s BS and you know it.
And what about my college age son?  I think to think he is part of that "future of our country".
We don't WANT educated voters! They ask questions, instead of doing what they're told! KEEP EDU COSTS HIGH and LIMIT EDU!
Highly Unlikely.
FAKE @POTUS !
