Robert Mueller, who served as the FBI director from 2001 to 2013, has agreed to serve as the special counsel http://wapo.st/2pMAFzp  
Mr. Mueller should be given the resources he needs to lead a thorough, independent examination of President Trump & his Administration.
Thank you Patty for your hand in this, we here in Washington are lucky to have you and @SenatorCantwell representing us.

You literally have to go out of your way to be this woefully ignorant.
You need to be accountable for your actions 20 years of.???? and I voted for you twice shame on ME
Obama thought Clinton as going to win, he scrambled toward the end to create chaos for Trump. He maybe a lot of things, a liar he's not.
So are you calling for an independent commission with subpoena power like our neighbor @RepBonamici ? Otherwise this means nothing to us.
Don't you think you should be asking that they look into Hillary, Huma and Obama.
Will you follow suit?
I always loved Fox Mueller from the X-Files...never new he was the Director of the FBI as well...talented guy and didn't know his first name
I'm sure you were just as determined to get to the truth with the #IRS  and #Benghazi scandals.
What happens when they find no collusion? What will Dems accuse him of next? You're truly a dark person. #chickenlittlemurray
This Democrat narrative is getting old, let's investigate HRC, the DNC, and #SethRich death.
DemocRats your Russian Trump talking point gone: Murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich passed off docs to WikiLeaks http://dailycaller.com/2017/05/16/confirmed-murdered-dnc-staffer-passed-off-documents-to-wikileaks/ …
7 Ups might be better served by an open representative backing of bought, as advertised - and known - fully responsible corporate pols.
seemschurches violated fara law/influencing the elections/churches are tied to the vatican that needs an ambass. proving its foreign entity
@SenateDems why would you believe that there are no coincidence there's not going to be an investigation more fairytales
If you were a true American you would request them to look into Hillary .
#traitors to the people
Y'all will be bitching next week when he says nothing here!
Great, another waste of taxpayer money. Leave it to the dems to throw money away at our expense
Patty Patty Patty - it could also show that liberal Democrat Resistance members are criminals not Trump!!!!
Give it up. There is no smoking gun. Move along folks, nothing to see here.
Lets have him look into Hillarys Emails.
This needs to be done to Hillary, Huma and Clinton Foundation.
I think it's time for independent counsel to probe all politicians and Washington State especially Seattle, and hold them accountable
The question I wonder about is if the false president  can fire him then come up with excuses after like Director  Comey
Please give back the $475,000 in Pharma Money... #FakeLeader
Thank you senator! Respect from #indivisible #whidbey
Very positive.Takes the dem politicians out of play. They are not seeking truth, justice; rather, they lost the election and have an agenda.
For the past 8years
My thoughts are.. Dems have to constantly keep shit stirred cause they are afraid Trump will have more time to unveil the dems evil..
I'm glad you approve. Now sit down and shut up! You remind me of a child...(are we there yet)
FINALLY
Do remember that it'll be up to the Deputy AG to follow up on findings, press charges. And Trump can fire the Deputy AG.
I'm good with that as long as its kin partisan
Good ! Let's shed the light on this " so called president "
I have lost all faith and respect for you. Highly unlikely to have my vote in the future. This impotent tweet of yours is pathetic.
We need more than positive steps.  We need the government ground to a halt until investigators get to the bottom of this.
Robert Mueller was one of the most politically motivated people to lead FBI, he was hated internally and SUCKED
"hold him accounou determine Trump is guilty of something ??  tell us whattable"  for what patty--y
Who's holding you accountable?!
How much more has to happen before 'impeachment' starts. This has been nothing but a mess since Trump took the stage. I am so.. disgusted.
Impeachment for what?!? So far the only ones that have been caught doing anything illegal are the Democrats! On what grounds?!???
Likely will be holding others accountable for the leaks, false"facts," treason and attacks on #PotusTrump
If Mueller doesn't implicate @realDonaldTrump, apology owed.  He's W.G.Harding, not R.M. NIxon.
Where were you when HRC had classified and special access information on an unsecured non-governmental server in het basement, bozo?
The beauty of this is the subject of appointment is Russian meddling. That opens up Hillaries email server, the Tarmac meeting with Lynch!
Thanks for contacting me, a disabled WA State veteran struggling with his disabilities and to make ends meet. Thanks a lot. You're a star.
We never did this on all the Hillabitch & Clinton crime family or Gay Boy Husseins dealings
You are taking a positive step towards never winning for a Democrat candidate in 2018 !!!
Robert Mueller is the real deal! He's the special counsel we NEED right now! HUZZAH!
You are going to be disappointed because in the end he will be exonerated from all your false accusations.  Maybe then you can stop the hate
accountable to what? Testimony under oath already given saying no evidence of collusion.  Y'all better have a message ready once this dies
Yes, let's Hope we find the leakers and whoever did the unmasking!
TY for pushing for this, @PattyMurray.  #RuleOfLaw
Bots/paid shills posting msgs 2 silence opposing views trying to influence US policy/manipulate public opinion via fake news! #Resist
Hey @PattyMurray, I'm still waiting for your answer to single-payer healthcare.  Won't your corp sponsors support it.  Do you care about us?
We'll be needing an investigation into DNC Servers at the very least before the American public starts to get info they deserve
And Crowdstrike.
President Trump is accountable. Why did Hillary and Obama not have accountability charges against them. They squandered away America
At least you haven't decided the facts yet.  I thought you were innocent until proven guilty???
its a start..still alot of damage control to do because of guy sitting in white house..and he will continue to do that. He needs to get out.
#wethepeople @PattyMurray @DNC @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems demand investigation #Pay2play #uraniumDeal #bengazi #Criminalparty
Surely you mean it will allow for findings of fact.There is zero prosecutorial evidence suggesting any holding to account.Unless u r biased.
...and make sure our democracy is safe from traitors.
.@SpeakerRyan
#RobertMueller as #SpecialCounsel is ok
however Demands more resources & #911style #IndependentCommission
re #TrumpRussia 
Not positive it's a life raft for drumpt #NEWELECTION

So you want him held accountable but in your next tweet asking for an independent investigation? Hmm...
accountable for what
