you represent the worst of us as corruption & partisan politics are ingrained in your soul that is in danger of being damned
WTF? You need to up your dose..Cause you're talking all kinds of crazy!
lol she is just a political hack.
SOOOO..You don't Like her. That doesn't make her unfit to do her job. She KILLED it these last 24 hrs! GO PATTY!
that my dear is laughable! Confusion & pettiness experienced by her was totally astounding. Lol felt sorry 4her

bring it on sweet pea, Im here I'll be your huckleberry!

Senator Murray, You embarrassed yourself in your questioning of Tom Price and Betsy DeVos. They both out classed you!
Dude you are on DRUGS! And not even the good kind!!
.@PattyMurray YOU got $333,444 from big pharma in 2016. What say you? The people deserve answers. #PriceIsRight
What answer do you want? Full transparency - and you KNOW she had donations. What's the issue?
@SenSchumer The American people deserve full disclosure. No rushed hearings 2 hide truth & facts! @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
If you want full disclosure you need more homework than she did.
it's her hearing for our job!
YOU FAILED IN GETTING HILLARY ELECTED!  STOP WHINING! #PoorSportPattyMurray!
we deserve to know why you voted against negotiating for better drug prices.
thank you for fighting for women. Our daughters need more like you on our side. Please don't give up!
You have such low standards for your daughters. You want your daughter to say one thing and do something else? Sad
that's hilarious considering that everything @realDonaldTrump says is contradicted BY HIM 5 minutes after he says it.
Like "it's un American and in patriotic to not accept the results of our election."  So Duplicitous!!
I accept that he will become president, but I hope and believe that he will eventually pay the legal consequences for his actions
What has he done that would require "legal" consequences?
sexual assault. Fraud. Treason. There is an endless list. But I won't bother trying to convince you.
Who did her sexually assault? I'll start there.
Rep.Price profited about $300 trading 26 shares of @zimmerbiomet stock! Stop the Transition!!!
thanks for being my voice!    Stay tough!
Maybe we wouldn't be going through all of this if you hadn't have ignored the will of the people you claim to represent.
he is a very qualified man,
-Plz revoke Trump's Muslims ban. Trump is out of control. Please block & withhold unamiouns consent on  all future policies.
.@PattyMurray so you have problems with his medical stock trade but not with your taking $$ from big pharma. Pot meet kettle.
@sumoh7 Is this inside trading?
Thank you from Seattle.
Concerns? What is concerning is your voting for gouging the taxpayers on their meds. You have sold out the taxpayers, again!!
Senators are not allowed to invest in the market?
not if they are given proprietary info ahead of the deal. It's illegal for everyone. Think Martha Stewart
that's what happened?
that is what they want to investigate.Those back room deals ultimately affect the average citizen.
Ex. Walmart is closing, major holders know, employee holders dont-the workers lose their $ & the main guys make $$
Doing a great job, keep fighting.
Thank you for asking important questions! We need our senators to get the truth.
@Lilylive000Lily thank you so much!!
This is what to be expected from d.t. Filling THE SWAMP IN WASHINGTON! Filled with all manner of muck & mire!!
thank you!! We need more good people with unwavering convictions!!
@SenSchumer your a party of hacks. It's sad that your so partisan and can not see the way forward. Clowns all of you!
@SenSchumer thank you senator Murray- you are an amazing woman! Smart and well spoken!
Patty, your loyal constituents deserve an honest answer from you. Why did you vote against Sen Bernie amndt?
And the side stepping continues.
Nice work Senator! Thanks for the hard questions for Rep. Price
@timwillette2007 please do not attend inauguration.
we constituents deserve answers about why you voted against allowing cheaper drug prices?
@SenSchumer What questions?
Serious lies.  Too bad the fake news was already quashed before you pretended to have inside knowledge of corruption
hummm-what about Good Senator from Minnesota questionable stock? Or are we splitting hair now?
you were great! Thank You. #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare #SaveMyCare #PriceHearing Shady stuff you all uncovered. Keep pushin.
Bring it!  Keep hitting it out of the park! Thank you for hammering it home.  #priceiswrong #blockprice
he answered you just don't want to hear it.
@SenSchumer we absolutely deserve answers. Just wish you'd hold your own party to the same standards.
@SenSchumer did you ever question @SenFeinstein for her husband's billion commission on sales of govt buildings? 
@RepChrisCollins @BobLonsberry @rachbarnhart @TheBuffaloNews So when does the Attorney General look into Collins inside trades
Lord Satan LOVES your slimy methods, @PattyMurray. You're not under oath; Price is. You LIED about a conversation and you have no witness.
I would rather get answers to why Hillary was allowed to take money from foreign govts while SOS. That is soooo much bigger.
I'm a long time supporter. Please divest for Pharma
This is a lie & u no it This didnot happen Your making it up Your making up #fakenews I thought u wanted to get ridof #fakenews
Not when you don't do your homework and get facts and dates, we will not get facts just your jaundiced partisanship.
Thank you Senator Murray!
Notice the Steilacoom mental hospital haircut?  Plus vacant eye stare?  Try saying it under oath.  Price is under oath, Patty.
I was watching your questioning of Price about STOCK TRADE. He mentioned he directed his broker to buy the stocks. Thanks
why should we think ur questions are sincere? What about ur big donors?
did u buy that necklace with profits from ur investments? $$$
.@PattyMurray you are the single greatest example of #demhypocrisy
.@PattyMurray you are the largest recipient of big Pharma donations in the Senate, you are a class A hypocrite.
Slime, Patty Murray, mother & grandmother, Lies
 How could she ever look at her children in the eyes again?
She is Deplorable
Thank you for your hard work!  Stay healthy!
He's killing us http://theweek.com/articles/673613/killing-obamacare-literally-kill-people …
wow you didn't play the whole clip so dishonest.
You are despicable.
Tom Price had a blind pool
he had no oversight/input as to what was being bought for him-therefore could not Benefit.
#Fakenews
/ You are NOT the one who swore "under oath" !  YOU can say anything without implication; and you have !
You have serious questions about the $300 he made off these trades? Seriously? You're such a hack.
If Price was lying about your conversation, why not charge him with perjury? He's under oath correct?
slime ball, Patty Murray, not under oath, can make up any stories she wants to, Tom Price, however, was under oath he cannot.
You should also be under oath because you are committing perjury. Price is under oath. @PattyMurray
If your going to provide testimony then you need to set your butt down on the other side of the table and get sworn in!!!
P Murray.  Open your ears. Listen. He is giving U answers Stop misquoting him Great senator it's time to retire now!
P Murray: answers have been answered.  U called him a liar, but U  are the liar to misstate Price's answers .Shame
u outright lied about conversation & what is true about stock purchase. #TermLimits plz @realDonaldTrump to rid us of liars
Lying sack of Dem Prog shit ...People are coming to your office with tears in in their eyes. Do tell us who ?
You would not settle for someone spreading irresponsible lies about yourself. Apologize for your duplicity and mud throwing.
is the reason why no GOPer should have conversations in private. She, like all Dems, ends up telling lies about what you said.
You owe Price an apology for trying to spread fake news about him. Either you lied, or you didn't bother to research the truth.
You lie.
Maybe you need to go to your ACA and get your ears cleaned out or get on memory pills. You are a liar&bully. #whoBelievesU?
you are promoting fake news Patty Murray. You should get your facts right. Shame on you #witchhunt
You are fake.
@cnn Lying again
Tom Price plan will be like paying for each standard feature on a car. Picking a plan you can afford may not include brakes
"people we represent deserve answers"? Who WA potheads or the physicians who are fleeing WA leaving your patients w/o care?
Get him Patty!!!! Shut him down.
Get Patty!!!!!.
Serious questions? No...you just want to be an obstructionist. Make a name for yourself. Get your 15 minutes. #losers
It was so obvious with your questioning that you are a bully and didn't care about the truth...Only your truth...
Nutcase who can't accept the fact that the people rejected Obamacare and Hillary. Sore Losers...That's why 60 aren't going Fri.
Rumor has it that you are a huge big pharma $ recipient. I was your largest supporter. Unsure now.
"Patty has issues" thank you for reminding us why Donald Trump won the nations vote and not the far left coast.
..the amount of anger u showed &lack of respect for a fellow cogrsman & dr by not allowing him 2 respond weakened ur position
true American who value their voting rights watched today as you asked great questions but then interrupted the answer.....
get rid of all your seats

No U don't care my ins. rises Obamacare my ins.prems. rise less ins. Thanks to you Democrats you care Obamacare
Rushed,  really as you talk over the answers I wanted to hear and a hearing that is twice as long as the previous 4 nominees!!
Deeply troubled by your questioning. No copay birth control is not a right in C. Race has no place in healthcare decisions.
We deserve answers about Manning so SHUT UP & SHUT UP ABOUT RUSSIA  I WAS DEMOCRAT COLLEGE EDU PAY MY INS $^ U CARE
Thank you thank you thank you for giving a voice to so, so many of us!  Hero....
YES they do #PriceHearing. And we deserve affordable healthcare costs and availability. Keep it up Sen Murray. Lead the way!
People stick to areas of expertise.This helps them succeed in life.  What is your area of expertise?  Very Hard to tell!
Your performance was truly embarrassing. Insinuations rather than questioning, statements without listening to responses. #fail
Questions designed to to be adversarial. Murray needs to stop trying to keep ACA, it has failed. Alternate approaches to solve.
Patty cakes - Americans witnessing your childish vindictive bias behavior-Confirms, TrumpServatives will fire/replace you next election.
you never give him a chance to answer your questions. Disgraceful.
- glad Tom Price didn't sink to your level. You embarrassed yourself. #pricehearing
hey I would like no copay testosterone supplements for men's health, fair if I'm paying for female contraceptives I think...

You are obviously just another hate filled democrat who can't accept that the people rejected your party. #losersRhateful
you obviously have no idea what a private placement is... came off as very embarrassing
You said a woman with Endometriosis s/h access to free contraceptives 4 pain? Plans cover 100% for birth control only! Get it?
what about Hillary Clinton Monet to the foundation. Grow up lady
u screwed up r healthcare and know you want to be snotty w ur ?'s.  remember we had to pass it to find out what was in it?
Every sen that has entered office leaves a millionaire. Inside stock deals is normal business in the sen. Nice dbl standards
Obamacare IS SOOOOO GREAT For WOMEN'S CARE... My daughter PAYS 300.00 A MONTH... PLUS! HER Birth Control IS NOT FREE!! 
#STHU
Grandstanding!
Brilliant - absolutely brilliant line of questioning.  YOU ROCK!!!!
Are you "very, very concerned" with the devastation Obamacare has perpetrated on the American people? I'll bet not...
it's apparent, via HHS hearing, that you're as condescending and lack desire to hear facts and solutions as your constituents
You did not hide your partisanship today very  well.  I'd work on that for future public sessions.  #PatientFirst
TY @PattyMurray Trump's #HHS Sec pick= #ScumBag! A Sleaze! #PriceIsWrong
CORRUPT REPUBLICANS ARE GOING TO DESTROY OUR  ALREADY GREAT COUNTRY
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pYQiTxfIuhE# …
You deserve to be treated the way you have treat every nominee and I have watched everyone of these hearing. So rude So rude
you totally rock.thank you.
We have serious questions about your cognitive function. #AlaskiveNative #IndioMetriosis
you are awesome. Thanks for asking the questions - even if Price refuses to answer or commit. Price is a spin doctor.
- @PattyMurray is a lying crook!
great job in your questioning of Rep Price!
- @PattyMurray is a lying crook!
POLITICS OF FEAR !!!!!! It's not going to work...you are playing political games. Sick in the head nutcase. Hillary Lost!!!!!!
We deserve answers on this yes but also on your ties to big pharma & their contributions to U. Ur constituents deserve answers!
as I told your Democratic friends middle class is sick of paying for lazy assholes insurance
Finally someone willing to do the hard work. Thank you @PattyMurray
you're such an inspiration! thank you for asking the important questions this afternoon
You are so all over it! Way to go Sen. Murray! We deserve the answers! I am deeply troubled as well..
What have you done in your career? Not much by reviewing your record.
She's a professional whiner..
#FakeNews #Fearmingering BTW, What is Indio-Metriosis? Or an Alaskive Native? #RetardetSenator
stop this crap! Why should USA have to cover illegals? My sister legal WA resident CANT get Healthcare that's affordable
Fuck he answered your question!!!
Keep at him! #pricelyingsackofpoop
How are u credible?  You backed everything Harry Reid did and said.
why don't you ask @NancyPelosi how her family got around it.
LISTEN BIRTH CONTROL PILLS ARE NOT EXPENSIVE.  GIVE ME A BREAK.  Reason shit WENT UP AT PPH. Because they are using baby parts!
THANK YOU for pushing hard on this issue.  #DTS depends on calling out this behavior, nice questioning re directing his broker
- try to smile. You look like a miserable person on tv. #liberaltears
Thank you for mentioning the need for birth control for women suffering from endometriosis.  It's a horrible painful disease!
Vote no. Shady answers. Proud to have u represent WA residents. #SaveACA
Your are just one big Gotcha question.
Feinstein loads up on biotech stock just b4 they receive taxpayer funded Govt Grant
You're my new hero
Thank you!
The only difference between these people and African dictators is that Africans know they're getting fucked over.
As a citizen, Very embarrassed by Sen Murray's behavior.   Good Questions! Inappropriate posture and attitude. Poor leadership.
sitting silent will not take the focus off of a vote that placed her donors over her constituency ~ it's clear who she supports
Block Price, he's only abt $ in his pockets.
@SenSchumer good job Sen. Murray, saw u question the congressman
Thank you for speaking up!!!
thank you
your disrespect for Price is horrible. You didn't even let him answer your obnoxious questions. You stretch truth. Go away
You're grilling him but you do t know what a secondary offering is? You're a joke, Senator
Pitiful, you need to step down for intentionally misleading the people. You should have been under oath.
@ms73 You embarrassed yourself with this fiction. Not "bin Laden ran day care centers" level embarrassment, but close.
@SenSchumer Where was this outrage for Pelosi's husband or when stacks of cash were found in freezers?  ClintonUranium deal?
@SenSchumer He says he didn't know what was in his portfolio but why didn't he just call his broker
Isn't this insider trading.
How did you aquire your wealth?
Or her ability to listen, understand and comprehend intelligent answers. Just another partisan hack. #fail #Price
then they deserve them from everyone in congress & #Obama Patty check into @JohnKerry investments in 2009 HC Sector! #Brilliant
@SenSchumer he made 300 bucks?!?! BIG DEAL!!! Confirm the nominee now!!!!!
The man's a crook anwill be looking for more ways to screw us and make money, Please don't confirm him.
Thank you!! You are GREAT!
You dope everyone sitting next to you owns healthcare stocks!! Your such a hack!
@SenSchumer We all deserve answers but attacking without facts is in in undemocratic !
@GOPHELP We do. Thank you for your diligence, Senator.
repent while you still can. It's not to late.Turn from your wicked ways and choose life. Christ canremove your blackened stains
Please reject Price's nomination
@realDonaldTrump You've exposed yourself as agent of a false active measures disinformation campaign. Traitorous behavior.
aka Helga Pataki's mother from Hey Arnold has no idea how stock & disclosure works
THANK you
