Breaking the law has consequences.  This should have happened a long time ago.  Blame the parents, not the president.
Do your job and stop blaming Trump for your inability to act!
The GOP controls Congress and takes pride in NOT working with others.
Repugnant and not the will of the people!!! Please continue the good fight for these fine young Americans!
All you have to do is pass legislation instead if divisiveness patty. Do your job
The Democrats need to start speaking out. Say "We would save DACA". Answer to every single evil think 45 does. Don't assume people get it.
Talk about shameful. You have not taken care of the AMERICAN people who put u in DC.
No, YOU as Congress need to make it constitutional.  Do your job!
WA state is counting on you. #DefendDACA
No,  all WA state voters do not support Patty Murray. Have you seen her approval ratings?
Sorry you feel that way. I didn't realize approval ratings had anything to do with doing right by the 19,000 DACA recipients in this state.
Do you understand Obama left DACA hanging? Didn't send it to congress for proper legislation. Trump sent it to congress.
(2/2) Obama signed, hoping that Congress would eventually pass but it failed because of GOP control in Congress during his term.

Judicial Watch is an advocacy group, hardly the place to go for impartial news. These are basically blog posts.
He wants to write his name in history pages! It doesn't matter that it will be under the biggest screw up in the history of America!
Obama is the one who broke the law by enacting this. Don't blame POTUS for trying to fix an issue caused by democrats.
Blame Obama?  I thank him for trying to help these people.
It was unconstitutional, that is why we are dealing with it now. If Congress doesn't act it will not be right for them or the legal citizens
These kids have been here since childhood. This IS their home, why not a fast track to citizenship for them.  How are our "citizens" hurt?
I did not bring them here illegally. Their parents are to blame along with fed for not protecting our borders. Everyone hurt when law broken
Children aren't prosecuted for their parent's crime. This IS their country, all they've known.  Why would we not embrace them?
The average age of these individuals is 23 some as old as 36. Some are gang members and criminals, you can't give all of them a pass.
As for gang members, most are home grown, not illegal immigrants.
You get paid for the rest of your life and this is your product?  This is the fruit of your labor?  Get to work.
You hate immigrants. You don't want them to have legal citizenship. You want them to keep their illegal status under DACA.
U applied to run in 2022. U need to withdraw, congress does not need a HATE-FULL person. We did not elect U to be that way.
As your constituent, I ask you to #ProtectDREAMers and #impeachNaziInChief
This is a flat out LIE there is NO hate here, there is rule of law, of wish you apparently don't understand. this tweet is beyond shameful
What law did DACA recipients break, considering all applicants are without criminal record?
They are in this country illegally to start with. The EO of Obama was not Constitutional and he knew it. Congress dropped the ball. Come on!
Congressional Democrats put through the DREAM Act w/ 55 Senate votes. The GOP blocked it, so you all own this situation- you fix it
No context, like why. Is it because amnesty doesn't work? Maybe the approach was filled with emotional baggage, like the narrative now.
DACA program was an agreement btwn office of POTUS & others. To cancel it is to say contracts made with POTUS are hereon worthless. Thanks.
Its an agreement btwn out govt & individuals, obligating both sides. It's not baggage, it's the full faith & credit of the office of POTUS.
You need to do some research about that so called agreement, then get back to me. BTW, and agreement is not law.
We can't let hate win! Congress must act.
No he hasn't. It's called apply for official citizenship
Ohhhh shut up.
The Congress has to save the day!  Please pass a bipartisan bill to replace DACA.  Trump will not change his insane mind.
I agree with you on this,  Patty Murray!!!  It's all those racist bigotted  "Representatives"!
Wait til peeps have to pay more for food cuz it's on vine rotting w/ no one to pick.
Thank you Senator for protecting our #Dreamers - we're counting on you!
The left didnt protect you. Trump just guaranteed congress will pass immigration reform. The left failed at that
Trump is now being sued by State AG's across the country over DACA decision.
Obama broke the law you stood with him because you're too damn lazy to do it right and now you blame president Trump
No, choosing 2 send 2 Congress follows laws.  l
Ostupido said it was temporary until Congress would do something but you didn't.
Breathe; read Constitution. Article 1 Section 1: "All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States."
I Thought Bannon Taught GOOSESTEPPING In WH Parking Lot @LUNCHTIME. Guess Now We Know It's Trump. White Supremacist Rule Our WH. I'm Ashamed
not division and hate constitutional authority lies with legislature to amend current laws not the President you should know that amd agree
Please get a law passed and to the presidents desk like the CONSTITUTION requires you to do.
You're acting like a little baby. Please retire so that the population can elect a senator that isn't afraid to work.
You need to resign your language is lies and despicable, your using young illegals as pawns, why are you against upholding the law weak
Illegal is illegal get off your big mouth, and pass legislation, for the record I don't want you or the President to make Dream act legal
Trump did the right thing by ending the unconstitutional DACA program. It has to do with the law, not hate.
Screw the law, and screw the American citizen right?  Trump is just a big meanyhead!
https://www.facebook.com/JusticeforAaronRocha/ …
The rule of law Patty. That's what this is about. Hate has nothing to do with it. Only your hate for the president.
Senator Murray is not a hater.
Thiis is the kind of statement that irritates me lately.  I don't think I can ever vote for her again.
I'm ashamed of you for  your unkindness toward the president please try an work with him he needs your years of experience
No he does not he needs her and the republicans who twist issues into division all to get voted out, this woman has got a no vote from me
Thank you @PattyMurray for being on right side of this, supporting protections for those enrolled in #DACA. We need clean, stand alone law!
It isn't a direct end and deportation. It's a revisit of the policies and coming with a new plan. It's smart. Proof smart isnt a must 4 sen
Actually you are shameful for not providing a common sense immigration law for the US.  The president doesn't make laws, you do #daca
He has given the opportunity for legislation to be made. Obama said that it was a temporary measure.  Now lets see you all get to work.
Did he end it or let it run out?
So what will you do about it!?  You are a dnc loser
Fix this!!
She needs to quit the DNC are now the Do Nothing in Congress, better to stir up poop then to do anything worth a hard stool
Patty you were elected to represent the people of the United States period.

Division, hate? That's what a criminal says about the police. You aren't a criminal. I'll be nice & not add the "?"
You need to act. House and Senate must do what they were unwilling to do during the last several administrations. Time for talk is over.
You know DACA goes against our constitution.  Do your job and work on immigration reform.
Then DO something about it! These milquetoast tweets mean nothing. #ITMFA !!!
We are waiting on you and @SenatorCantwell to cosponsor S.1615 and for @RepDennyHeck to cosponsor H.R.3591!
@BarackObama even said himself that DACA was illegal and unconstitutional. You are mad at @realDonaldTrump for agreeing with Obama?
What's shameful is supporting people who broke the law to steal jobs from legal immigrants and Americans who play by the rules.
By choosing to enact DACA Obama showed his contempt for the American Way and the Constitution.  Criminal.
Do something about it! This is a heist of American values.
The VOICE of LAW and ORDER!!  Don't like it? Write your Senator and have them pass a l....... oh wait, FIX THE LAW, STOP BITCHIN! #DACA
Court says it's a Congress role. We don't want @POTUS involved with anything he doesn't need to be right?
You and those like you own this debacle. If it were law and not an EO there would be no discussion. Don't blame Trump. Blame yourselves.
He supports the rule of law, perhaps you should try and do the same.  Fix the immigration system, you've been there for 3 decades.
You are in Congress and this is your job. Stop trying to blame others.
The President wants you to do your job on this. Send him a law to sign that takes care of these people. Stop complaining and do something.
DACA is slap in face to all LEGAL immigrants.
How can the voters in your state vote for you when you don't follow our laws.
Sad day in America!
Patty u truly are the poster girl for term limits.
What is beyond shameful is you not doing your job landside. The ball is in your court now you have six months the president has given you.
The DREAM Act already received 55 senate votes. Dems have already done all work possible, time for GOP to do their jobs.
Thank you Senator.
Republicans did nothing but obstruct for 8 years Bet democrats can't stick together and obstruct like republicans did
Obstruction, Now there is something to be proud of.
Trump is loyal to our country and citizens. U R the hateful and divisive one. U should be ashamed of selling out your legal constituents.
But what have you done to stop him? NOTHING. Beyond shameful!
Where's the voice for constitutional law? If I break the law, will you fight for me?
DACA recipients are by definition free of any criminal record.
The average age of DACA recipients is 25, not children. Have they not had time to get right with immigration?
Yes- they all enrolled in DACA and fulfilled all obligations of the program.
Thank you Senator. The words of our pledge of allegiance, " with liberty and justice for all " should ring loudly in the halls of Congress
Hes endorsed the voice of true Americans.
No not division and hate. It's the voices of nationalism and America first
So choosing to uphold the law is shameful? 
No heart. Despicable.
Send them home where they belong. We have laws. If they want to come here do it legally.
KEPT HIS WORD!!!... #AmericaFirst Politic Patty....you'll never understand b/c you are too used to back stabbing your constituents...
Wrong Patty Murray.  It is Congress' job to pass laws.  Obama subverted Congress with DACA.  Do you job and pass laws.  Don't blame Trump.
Wrong!!! Stop spewing lies! DACA is unconstitutional!! Remember this:
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4656370/sen-barack-obama-illegal-immigration …
You're soooooo dramatic! Follow the law.    Pathetic.
Please, Senator, save #DACA!!!!
You don't agree with it, so it's hateful??? Way to be divisive yourself.
Stop protecting illegals and start working for Americans! Do something about Obamacare. Rising healthcare premiums. Shame on you! MAGA!
Division and hate? By keeping the law? If you want to help foreigners become American citizens..help them.  If they don't...send them home!
Do you know who Dreamers are?
What's shameful is you not doing anything about the middle class paying massive $ for healthcare premiums and deductibles! Shame on you!
Please work with @SenKamalaHarris and push legislation to make DREAM act permanent.
I'm all for dreamers getting to stay under a LEGAL LAW. #POTUS does too-that's why he gave it to congress. Will have to work together! #MAGA
It has hit the news that the GOP are willing to trade DACA for the wall.  This is NOT America!
Your abdication of your legislative responsibility is much more harmful to this country long term and beyond shameful.
No, he's following the correct order. Pass a law!
No he has put Americans first!
Do something, please
They are speaking with one voice because the fish rots from the head.
No, he put the responsibility on Congress just where it should be.  Want them here, pass a law.
You mad Trump making you work? Pass the law and do your job. No more executive action we need a law . Let's see how much you care about DACA
Democrats and a handful of GOP already proposed a DREAM Act, got 55 votes in Senate. GOP Senators fillibustered it, House had no such bill.
Blah blah.
You were okay when obomba was deporting millions.  
YOU are choosing division!! #ruleoflaw is not "hate"! good riddance #daca!
I'm seeing more an more white folks complaining that their kids NOW have to compete to get into schools.. This is a thing? LMAO sad so sad!
Schools they have paid for. Do you buy groceries and then give them away ?
Sometimes I do, actually
And thats your choice, with your money.
it's unconstitutional and will be struck down in court.  Do your job and pass an actual law.
Ignoring Immigration law is unconstitutional
Executive Federal OVER REACH. Even Obama is on record stating that DACA using executive order was over reach. Congress needs to fix.
Worst than #RichardNixon and that's bad  This is the worst #POTUS that ever served. When does these Russia hearings get started
Stand up to them Patty
Stop the BS Patty! No more Executive Order bailout for Democrats. If you want to help them GO DO YOUR JOB! Pass a law to help them.
Dems are dividing the country by bypassing the legislative branch. Blame Obama he broke the law wth his EO.Identity politics r over
A irresponsible statement from a political hack.  The six mo. deferral is to make you DO YOUR JOB.  You choosing inaction caused this mess.
By choosing to end #DACA as he did he continues to clean up Obama's mess from playing King for a day. Pass a law on Daca and border security
Democrats did. GOP blocked it.
So then you follow the laws and compromise not take your ball and go home Just because a vote doesn't go ur way mean 2 override Constitution
Brush your teeth.
Patty to Legal Immigrants: drop dead
Patty to Americans: you come second.
#EndDACA
Hate?   Are you kidding me?  This isn't Disney!   We have rules & regs of this  land.  Parents to blame!
Not shameful just get to work and make it a law... the ball is in your court #SixMonths #TimeToWork
Do you ever support the US Constitution and the Rule of Law? Are you an American Patriot or an outlaw? Congress makes laws not Presidents.
Oh gosh yes!!!! Agree!
Say what you want. Executive Action by Obama was UNCONSTITUTIONAL #DACA
what else do you expect
What's shameful is people like you and your cronies
American citizens first this was meant to be temporary! Out of the mouth of Obama!
Actually, it was an overreach by Obama, so suck it up buttercup and get to work on a resolution as a senator.
If Dems had passed CIR when they had the Presidency and the majority, we wouldn't be in this position.  And BO wouldn't have usurped the law
Making America great most mean tearing it apart he needs to go back and see what our country was founded on he is making us deplorable
Shameful is the president who created the program that violates fed law.
Because abiding by a country's immigration laws are divisive and hateful. Bye Patty
I choose America first and I stand by my president
You stand by the #bigotInChief ?  You stand by the #IdiotInChief ?  I question your morals
Worry about the homeless problem in our state.
"has let" them? It's their sole goal to sew division and hate in order to upend civil society as we knew it!
A backstab? He campaigned on ending DACA and building a wall. You seem to be under the delusion that an entire ethnicity thinks alike.
#DACA @potus is a weak leader and is working for White supremacists; Rs are incapable of leading also!
DEMON-RATS WILL NEVER HOLD POWER AGAIN..ENJOY YOUR SHORT TERM...I LOVE LIBERAL TEARS
Maybe they should come live with you after all don't you live in a house with security and a wall.
What's shameful, you HACK, is that YOU refuse to uphold the Constitution YOU SWORE to uphold. Period.
"But its the media that is diving the country" - Every Trump supporter
By ending #DACA Trump is forcing u to do your job so u can't no longer stand behind talking points. Get to work & stop being incompetent.

Congress can do something. We the people can't effect this disgusting decision until 2018.  Please act.  Please get to work.
That's all Pres Trump is asking for
How? He (Trump) just wants what Americans want= FOR CONGRESS TO DO THEIR JOBS! Simple
Bob Ferguson to the rescue, along w/ other States Attys General.
#MAGAneedsDACA
Why don't you POS start thinking of the American people for a change? Oh I forgot DACA=voter fraud 
Actually just example that we aren't  leaders. Welfare of humans is the issue here. Just speaks to who many truly are.
God commands us to love. That law comes first. Our country began disregarding that law. While man has laws for order, DACA's abt aiding ppl.
Not at all. Children?? "Somebody's got to pay" as you said...We all will & I'm working on my  to be found aligned w/God's word.
You don't like one's truth, then spin it. No one needs to #virtuesignaling. Learn to love!
You choose an Open Border policy, Senator?
These people have been given gifts. Time to take it home and be a blessing in their home country.
Oh look another liberal buffoon.... since you are a congresswoman, you can draft legislation.  Quit crying and do your job
awww what's wrong Patty? Don't want to lose those illegal votes?
https://twitter.com/Bareham2016/status/905089153049649153 …
