Disappointed, but hardly surprised, Pres Trump continues to demonize immigrants & refugees, & pander to his right-wing base. #Jointsession
I'm committed to fighting back against Pres Trump’s attempts to hurt families & communities in WA & across the country. -PM #Jointsession
Oh god please go away. I'm for deporting anyone who puts their party before the country.
"put her" this women doesn't represent anyone. If she did she would hurry and grab seat at table.
 She represents the special interests that own her party.
5000 people lined up for a job ( americans) and an illegal gets the job instead...I think @realDonaldTrump has his act together
PROOF?

Of course he does... He's the classic bullshit artist.  He's not going to change. Sad!
you have nothing better to do than bash trump?  how is your district doing? you helping folks there or just a bag o wind
Our district is doing AWESOME!!  We are worried for the rest of the country.
Hey Patty, how do you know their empty promises. He's only been in office for 2 months. Dem policy's have not worked
He's a bullshitter... That's what he does.  What makes anyone think he's about to change?!
Thanks for all you do!
@RamboGardenGirl did you hear the same speech the rest of the country heard?? Or did your hands cover your ears  stead of claps
<<<< my favorite conservative if Trump is successful we all win! How I the hell are you. Hope u &family  are good!!!@PattyMurray
hope you and your family are well. Don't hold my tweets against me, I can't help myself
I expect  you to be an ass because  you are a Republican.  But under all that crazy. You are an awesome human being!!
I would rather have a  president to take care of our own in this country than a senator who is more concerned with illegals
You are such a liar!!
The only disgrace here is you Patty Murray
you are clueless.
OBAMA BOMBED SYRIA IN 2016 KILLING INNOCENT CITIZENS UNTIL "HE RAN OUT OF BOMBS" YOU DNC FOOLS NEVER SAID ANYTHING.
Regressive policies do NOT work for the majority of Americans or this country, they've been debunked, but they still push them.
8/21/16- “I'm a Leninist,” Bannon proudly proclaimed. “Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that's my goal too." #resist
This is from someone currently serving as asst. to the President and White House chief strategist in the Trump administration.
I think you have the current president confused with the eight years of the Obama administration
but govmt is hard! Not his fault he has no idea what he's doing. >.>
just stay on the sidelines, things work better for American people when you do nothing.
$57-70B on weapons you don't need, and cuts on things Mattis opposed "Every dollar you cut from State, I have to buy more ammo"
hurt what people? the economy is roaring only after 40 days & what the hell do you know about National Security? #Jointsession
I have always been moderate, voted 4U, but you & other Dems are driving many of us to be more conservative #treadlightly
This is great, most the tweets at the top are basically "@PattyMurray you suck!" beautiful.
had your side has helped how, ACA full of broken promises, middle east debacle after debacle, slow recovery in decades and 1)
and military cut back to pre ww2 levels. Ya, good lookin out.
.@PattyMurray Pres Trump might appear as #AltRight speaker, we hear what we want but reality could worse than it seems. Flight up!
.@PattyMurray yours is the party of no ideas, no security, broken promises, rigid partisanship and lies. It's why you lose elections.
what speech did you listen to? Talk about demonizing and trying to spread hate. Get off your high horse and help
Pat:
Actually he is working to get the CRIMINALS out of the US that you Dems did NOTHING with the past 8 years !
Proof?
false claims by D.C. Senators like you. Deadweights. #TermLimits #notmysenator #draintheswamp
Wrong ma'am, he has kept his word to his voters. You put illegal immigrants in front of us, the #AmericanPeople. #shameonyou

maybe try listening for once.  Try being a leader in working together, not whining, and doing something for Americans!!
To serve and to protect America, please look this up in your dictionary. Well, you need an intern to read it as ACA implodes
it takes a left and right wing to fly.  Adjust!
@POTUS  Trump will Crush everyone on his Twitter unfit unqualified how could I trust some1 elected by Russia? #NotmyPresident!
you are ridiculous!!!
Hurt the people how? Tell us in a very same way please!
Oh my gosh, what world do you live in?
Good speech, went from horrible mess & carnage to heavenly utopia.
it's the same techniques Nixon used
all he cares about are his white wealthy straight "Christian" bigoted buddies in Congress & how much money he can make.
Creating jobs, protecting our border, reducing debt & deafening ISIS are bad? Who voted for you? Insanity. Obama was the liar.
so in other words you claim he's obama 2.0? Then shouldn't you support him?
The President hit a home run tonight, but your Tweet is not surprising your Dems have declared war on him, truly sad
@SenateDems Demonize? We have a real pot kettle situation here!
@SenateDems keep him in line Dems! Do not let R's lie and deflect. Push back on lies and mistruths from R's all the time.
I voted for U your first term I am sorry for that. U disgrace Washingtonians, typical leftist liar Shame on U, had I only known
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT IS IN THE WEINER COMPUTER EMAILS.  I'm sick of the stalls, corruption, dishonesty.  DO YOUR JOB.
These promises are only empty if you continuously refuse to get on board. Who's side are you on? It doesn't seem to be the USA.
@SenateDems I think you were not listening... that's what your guy left us
Empty promises like Obamacare? @PattyMurray @SenateDems
@SenateDems Not to mention that he lies constantly.
what lies? ? No lies truth hurts sometimes  and many don't know it when it slaps their face !!
The only ones I've seen making empty promises in the last 8 years are the Democrats.  I WANT CLINTON FOUNDATION INVESTIGATED.
sorry, but I think you are referring to Obama.
I can't believe you and "have to pass it to read it" Pelosi take no responsibility for the FAILING OBAMA CARE MESS.
My wife and I thought it was a GREAT speech We are from Washington and we want to see something happen. #stopresist
They aren't EMPTY Patty.  Empty was what Obama left us - in debt and BIG PROBLEMS. SHAME ON YOU.
zero support to back this claim.   Do something then.  Just resign
If I liked my doctor I could keep my doctor.......  remember?
@SenateDems Lady, you are so out of touch with reality! Trump has done more in 1 month then u have done in your entire career!
Including using the phrase "radical Islamic terrorists." #resist #ResistTrump #UniteBlue @DNC #SaveACA
must destroy isis! !
Misandrist, bigoted, intolerant, elitist, heterophobic, pseudo-righteous seditionist!
@SenateDems just keep acting like children the American people are watching you & we will show our might again in 18 & 20
@SenateDems the ONLY thing Empty is Dems effort thus far to help America be better. ALL you do is gripe & contribute nothing!
And all you know how to do is insult. and make no promises. What good do you do?  Matthew 15:14
@SenateDems  and democrats continue to cry and sit in the seats. This was a powerful #JointAddress #Americanspirit
Lady, the brain train left the station without you. DT, OUR PRESIDENT said what NEEDED TO BE SAID
HE NAILED THIS! Admit it and GO FIND A DIFFERENT JOB !
bringing jobs back to the United States is hurting our economy?
I completely agree with the words you are saying! That is exactly why you should stay strong in your message! Don't give up!
defeating ISIS is hurting our nat'l security?
@SenateDems 

WHERE was that msg for the prior 8 years??!

Oh right, all those things up were for before u were against.
trying to protect those who have been faced with violence from immigrants is hurting people?
it was a different speech than normal for Mr Trump. It was a step in the right direction. It has only been a month for him.
@SenateDems I agree
partisan much
this is a lie this man has already for filled so many promises in less than 50 days.
please resign
yes Patty Murray and take Pelosi and Waters with you!!
A disappointing comment Ms Murray. In my experience, there are promises made during these speeches that do not come to fruition
@TulsaTeresa Bologna!! You know that's not true. Best speech ever!!!
HURT WHO PATTY? WHO?
real communist propaganda.
taxes show us the taxes
he is a danger
thank you for standing up for us, your constituents, as well as reason. It is the one bright spot of tonight. Thank you.
standing up for anarchy is a good thing! ?!????  Support our president and see what happens!!
His #AmericanSpirit is like the cigarette brand: smoke, a health warning, a pack mentality, & a nasty, likely, deadly habit.
wow.  That's unity of america.  Work with hi FOR US that IS your job!!
Unity requires compromise. Trump offered none. So no, I feel no obligation- and our Senator should not roll over.
You seem incapable of seeing anything outside of your partisan politics. Your not even willing to reach towards common ground.
petty, divisive democrats. Partisan politics is tearing America apart.
Grow up and go pass the mandate that THE PEOPLE told Washington they want.
no that was Obama. He screwed up the country!
RESIST & PROTECT PATTY We need watchers on the wall now more than ever. Thank you for fighting #corruption #investigatetrump
she IS the corruption! !
what empty promises? he's kept more promises than you have. you democrats hurt people daily just being in office
I'm worried more about the promises he WILL keep.
Anyways, all Senators/Congress/Reps are elected... let American voters speak!
please tell America what you think we should do to make life better! Can't wait to hear!
We'll even take your thoughts on doing something for Washingtonians, anything productive, anything? @PattyMurray
A bunch of unreachable promises, along with a huge dose of fascism - that VOICE stuff?!
Let's remember he lies incessantly.
really what lies??  The truth is there and you still refuse 2C. Nothing worse than a democRAT! !
there were none!!  People with no respect for our electing of this president ARE the problems not the answers!!
you're kidding right?!
Shame on you!  He nailed it!
did anyone notice he barely looked at the Democratic side during the speech? If you want cooperation, you have to engage.
He only looked at them when he said 'stop trivial fighting' & other demeaning comments.  Never forget birtherism
crazed fools some democRATS BE.  An odd and self defiling species are many!
I think empty promises are those who don't visit from town to town...in which you didn't succeed on doing to see the truth!
The time for trivial arguments has passed. Stop running for office and start working for us.

His actions speak much louder than the less bombastic tone of a speech read off of a TelePrompTer. Don't forget about Russia!!
FBI found no ties
Hurt our security, economy .  Pull your head out of your ...  if you were in my state u would not hold a seat.
AMEN!!
And no he (@realDonaldTrump )isn't hurting the economy. That's hear-say. I was POTUS before him, who wrecked the economy
Empty promises is nice. I call it straight up lunacy. I think it has to be somewhat realistic to be a failed promise.
Beshears response statement was full of eight years of emptiness from the Democrats.
I can see you could benefit from universal dental care
Also, the crackdown on illegals is a necessity,
are u 4 real?
what do you know? Try being a president one day. Let me guess you will loose heavily like your sister. Get over it and move on
just like you to the American citizen but you will bend over backwards for the illegals, while turning back on veterans.
no president bush did no weapons of mass destruction were ever found thousands died in an orchestrated twin tower attack
no charges of genocide on president bush why not
For the love of God do something beyond tweeting!
Thank You @PattyMurray @JustLolatalkin
Are you kidding? I thought that's what happened the last 8 years.
hello Ms negative
you keep up your good work and the challenge and I am right there with you. Thank you, Patty!
I just hope people weren't swayed by his smooth-tongued lies. They will shortly feel the sting of his real extremist agenda.
you compare that with the lies over the past 8 years and I'll take the current @POTUS
- and the current legislators complain, read political bullet points and hang up real progress. Be accountable
why do we pay you again?
and you continue to not do anything helpful in the meantime
Yeh right! WE KNOW PLENTY OF OHIOIANS who CANT even get surgery because of Obama Care! YOU are without 100% proof
AMEN #FROMOHIO
and what have you done to advance the nation?
You liberals are the ones hurting our national security!!
I think this is the opposite of reality...
putting people back to work is bad for people and the economy??
That's why the stock market has been gaining week over week.
He kicked ass and you know it.
