If we didn't work we could get it a lot cheaper but we work so that we can live I like people that love Obamacare
That was back in 2015 we tried to get on Obamacare they wanted $1,200 a month
We had health insurance until Obamacare went into effect and the employer's dropped it because they couldn't afford to pay for it anymore
Because Oblundercare was so good. Right? It destroyed many homes! Feed the kids and pay the fine or, pay the outrageous Oblundercare prices
Whether you and Gov. Inslee want to admit or not; DSHS is seizing children without a just cause & without a warrant. Civil Rights violation!
You have no idea about Obamacare because you exempted yourself from it so shut up. I had to go without because it was to expensive
Thanks for the nasty lecture you must be a fan of Hillary 
U sabotaged #healthcare 8 years ago #ACA> repeal it and stay FAR from it please!! #WeThePeople 
bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha OBAMACARE BABE
Democrats created this mess, should have let your nose out of our health to begin with!  You own it now
How did republicans sabotage Obamacare???  Looks to me like it is killing itself!
Damn it, Obamacare... Can't keep my plan, my doctor and insurance keeps going up.  It was all a pack of lies and it deserves a quick death.
250/500 PPO to 518/4000 lost doctor of 18 years and can't afford to see any doctor .... Obozocare 3.5 trillion Ponzi scam
Haha delusional as always. Your party is still responsible for this disaster. Nice try though.
Sorry, Patty, nobody believes your lying lips anymore. The dems bought and paid for Obamacare and now they own it. Period.
They haven't passed anything. How did Republicans sabotage it?
Lol just recently #Democrats bragged it was great and #POTUS was going to ruin it. Sorry, you created it, you watch it burn. Your mess.
You must be high.  Democrats ruined Healthcare in this Country long befor Donald Trump was elected.  You broke, you own it.
Wrong, obama and you democrats approved our healthcare system knowing it was going to fail !!  Horribly you have no remorse !!
You own it Patty. You all didn't even bother to read it first! People are not stupid!
Lies! All lies! Keep your plan, keep your Dr!  All BS!  U should b ashamed!  U don't have it, U don't suffer! Think of Americans 4 a change!
The HC system was destroyed through U voting for ACA in 2008!  @TheDemocrats destroyed HC &now Amer r suffering with or without it! Thanks!
Nice try. Democrats own this disaster. "If U like your plan, U can keep it". Give me a break!! How's your taxpayer funded ins working 4 you?
You and the rest of the liberal douches on Capitol Hill must be friggin nuts to think Trump is responsible for socialized medicine's failure
Tell me how exactly did Trumpcare sabotage the healthcare system if it didn't even pass Congress yet?You Dems own Obamacare and it's pitfall
B.S.-Obamacare n jeopardy well b4 DJT ever ran 4 presidency. Ocare obituary was written into the Ocare bill itself
Explain HOW it's been "sabotaged ". What was fine to it?
The only sabotage was pre-ordained by obama
I bet the Russians helped him do it!  Lol
.
Obama and Democrats passed it in the night like bad gas, without anyone looking and in the dark.
Obamacare didn't need to be sabotage. It destroyed itself along with health care for a lot of Americans that pay for it including me
And if it doesn't get repealed I hope president Trump issues an executive order ending your exemption would that be great
Chortle! You should try standup comedy.
This was written, passed and signed by Democrats. If (when) the ACA fails, it's on Democrats. But that was always the plan. #MadeToFail
I am confused I hear the Dems talking about they never been ask to help with healthy bill and yet many said they  no repare no
No repeal
You and your party were the ones that rammed this crappy legislation through. I want repeal and I want reform, not replace.
Looks to me like the PEOPLE have already decided who owns what! (2018 Supermajority looms)
Sabotaging the health care system? Please. You guys did that with Obamacare. Now everyone else has to try and clean up your mess.
If only we could adopt Osama Bin Laden Care like you advocated for...
So Democrat's Obamacare is the failure we always said it was...
More idiocy from democrats. Sorry patty, but your fingerprints are all over obamacare and you need to be held accountable for the results
Wrong!  You Dems passed it not one republican voted for it. You've got dementia
It's literally what the D's wrote, misinformed, then passed into law. It's your sinking ship.
So great  that 70 changes w made by Obama SCOTUS & CongressWhy did HHS sebelius issue opt outs?Why did Harvard study @NPR say it collapsed
It was designed to fail so you and other Dems could gleefully ride to the rescue with single payer.  Sorry, this one's on you
Patty,
How have they sabotaged Obamacare? Nothing has been changed. It's imploding all by itself. Hate monger.
YOU sabotaged healthcare by passing the imploding disaster known as Obamacare. Passed without a single Republican vote & no collaboration.
nice try, but no
If your ideology is so superior why does it require constant deceit?
No. Wrong. Not even close.
Because Obamacare is dependent on subsidies it should be called Trumpcare?
It doesn't work like that. Democrats destroyed it, democrats OWN it. Liberals are obstructionists & against Americans
I have 2pay out $14,000+ /year before insurance pays anything. Democrats destroyed health insurance & now want to blame republicans & Trump
How has Trump sabatoged the healthcare system? Please, an example.
bullshit.
You f'd up my healthcare with mandated tax care that only benefits free takers & ins companies. I will campaign against you until you lose!
Keep up the resistance! So many white supremacist  balls in the air, latest of which is Kobach voter fraud commission
I believe the health care system we have now received 0 votes from Republicans. Typical leftist, create a crappy program and blame others
Senator Murray, you remind me of those arrogant dog owners who, blaming their dog's poop on another, refuse to pick it up!

Nope been failing for years. https://www.thefiscaltimes.com/Columns/2016/09/30/How-Obamacare-Execs-Broke-Law-and-Cost-Taxpayers-Billions …
Seriously! Any senator that votes NO on repeal and replace of Obamacare care MUST go on Obama care along with their spouse & children!!
It totally belongs to you Democrats. Blaming anyone else is part of what's wrong with OUR country. Ifs it's so good why don't you have it ?
You own it, period. Maybe you should be on it and see how well it works for you?
Passed in like thieves in the night. Not ONE Republican vote. Scott Brown was elected to defeat it. Vote was constitutionally questionable !
Explain how Trump care sabotaged healthcare when Trump care can't even get to a vote yet? Your statement is illogical.....
The "mom in tennis shoes" has turned into a lying Soros funded DemoRaat hypocrite. When will you stop licking their boots?
#Obamacare was designed (by Democrats) to fail.  You can make this a political argument all you want.  Fact=Democrats created this mess.
Republicans have not changed anything about Obamacare! Don't you understand that the bill did not pass? Aren't you a Senator?
With all due respect, Obamacare is still the law and he had nothing to do with it.  You did and when fails you and Dems get the blame.
Did u have Odumbocare? Bet not!
Fucking Democrats sabotaged our Private health care with Odumbocare! Hope all your asses are voted out in 2018
Your party voted 100% for this failed Law!  You Patty own this and it will implode on your Progressive ideology.  Enjoy 2018 losses!
I believe you got the facts wrong. No Republican backing, Obummer care still in effect. Nice try though. New talking points for ur party.
So a fictional healthcare system that you made up #Trumpcare sabataged a system with quadrupling premiums and $10k deductibles?
There is no Trumpcare only ACA,
You obviously don't remember who voted for this mess Democratics  ,no republican  ever
What universe do you live in?
Agreed
Being able to afford the premiums is sabotaging the system exactly how??????????????? You own the failure of Obamacare.
I'm sure you can explain your tweet with facts.
Wrong. Democrats created this monster with Dr. Barry Frankenstein. That's who owns it, devastation & all.
I took the risk, paid the penalty for 3 years & paid out of pocket 4 doc visits and meds. til Medicare kicked in. Came out way ahead $ wise.
Your delusional
Nope YOU DemEITS and Obama will ALWAYS OWN it no matter what it's called!  YOU wrecked health insurance for MANY Americans to insure a few.
Y'all destroyed health care by passing obcare get it out we want obama no where dont even wanna have to remember he was 44 of this country
Hey, stop your lies  The whole country is SICK of all of you. Nasty schumer SAID OUTRIGHT NON OF you WOULD COOPERATE! STOP LYING.
You own it.
Dems created this disaster all by yourselves you didn't debate it on CSPAN like was promised & without GOP at all rammed it down our throats
Now you're clinging to the disaster preventing it from being fixed, it's all on Dems #TheMostObamafulLieOfTheYear
American's R onto UR sick plan.  Pass Ocare, make sure it fails, usher in Single Payer. But the one thing U didn't count on...PRES. TRUMP!
Nice try Patty. You saying it, doesn't make it so.
Trump didn't sabatage failed Affordable Care Act Senator.It failed b/c it wasn't thought out, sold with lies,not read by Dems who voted 4 it
How'd they sabotage it? Please explain in detail.
The health care system was already sabotaged by your "Dear Leader!" Trump is trying to drain the swamp. You're just a clog in the drain!
No you guys have sabotaged the healthcare by passing it without reading what was in it - you guys own it - so you deal with it.
There is no Trumpcare! It's your Dems' OBAMACARE!
Sorry, ACA was imploding long before Trump.
How have they sabotaged it? This was strictly the work of dems! Don't try to pass on the ACA mess to the GOP!
@PattyMurray is my Senator. How embarrassing.
Sorry you own it you should have read it before you passec it! Now you all need to get to work to get something that works!
This is solely on THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY. Own it.
Well you have to pass it to find out what's in it
Uhh... sounds like liberal logic...we have to pass it to see what's in it....it wasnt me, it was the one armed man
Selective memory is no excuse Patty. You and your fellow Marxists created and passed Obamacare. You own the foundation 4 crappy healthcare!!
No we never had a healthcare system. We were far better off with a free market health care!Government is the PROBLEM!
We know this.  What can you legislators do to stop the sabotage???
No sorry Patty but you and the dems own the mess. Can't believe that you won't take credit for the garbage you help create.
You are such a liar. Y'all did this without knowing what was in the damn thing! #DemocratLiesMatter 
#WeWontBackDown & will
#MAGA #Trump2020
Not doing anything seams to Trumps approach to health care.  Are we ever going to know what Russia has on Trump.
(Face palm)
How dare you even try to imply or blame Trump Millions have suffered because of you democrats! And Obamacare FN own it! It's ur mess not his
It's Congress' responsibility to repeal and replace Obamacare. When it totally fails, remember whose fault it is.
This is really Lame..you cannot even take responsibility for YOUR FAILING LAW!!..THIS WILL NOT WORK..Americans know the Truth!
This was the Democrats mess..
Hilarious you won't be responsible for your own  .. @AprilAchoo @karebearkms3 @RonaldBraun18 @JebJournal 
If only you had had the opportunity to weigh in on the replacement and make some positive changes. Oh wait...
show me where in our constitution the government is responsible for healthcare? You can't now get out of mine..
Hahaha! They haven't touched the system. It's all Obamacare!!!
Nothing's changed! We still have HUSSEINCARE!
Wait, so a law that was designed and intended to fail is now failing because the party that DIDN'T enact it isn't fixing it?
You will be voted out of office. You sick Senator!
It's President Obama's signature achievement, left unchanged. It's cute how you liars do this. You have no soul, you should be ashamed!
#ObamaCare was failing BEFORE @realDonaldTrump even announced he was running. #Dems own it & you're lying. That's what Dems do.
#MAGA 
The best part is if you can not afford to buy the shitty insurance you get to pay a penalty even if you are a healthy & don't ever go to Dr
The premiums and deductalbes are outrageous!! So glad we get to make sure the Insurance CEO's get paid SO much!!
You've been a whining leftist since you came in on Clinton wave. So ashamed of your record. So ashamed as a woman. Always vote against you.
I know hundreds of people who lost coverage because of Obummercare the creation of the Dems NOT one Republican voted for it
You drank the "fake math" CBO score on Obamacare. My rates now over $22k for family of 4 w/$5k deductible. No $2500 reduction as promised.
This is why premiums are going up Senatorhttp://www.healthcareitnews.com/news/senators-press-cms-recoup-ehr-overpayments-under-meaningful-use?mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiWlRFd1lUWXpZakF4TlRFNSIsInQiOiJtMlphRzdFK0pOWFJhNDNOcHp1YlBDdW9ua01yRHY0VlwvTExvQ2FcL25xRXZHdTNuQXZ4MnJpUjlcL0hDVWQxRGxoUThFSlNLV2ExNFFJb2lkcHIyN291UDJVZUJaTjltUHIzaGtBM21vV1lMbDVIdUFtSVpNZDE5ZHpGTnM0RndRRCJ9 …
ACA made my extended family members either Have no insurance plan available or pay$25,000 out of pocket costs annually! Dems own this 

With ALL due respect, you're Full of SH!T, Senator. A Govt that will MAKE me purchase a product I don't want is a Govt out of control #2A!
U & your ilk can't slip out of this slime that easily as U voted 4 it, U unAmerican hypocrites own it & r married 2 it 4ever. #YouAreFired
What the hell ru talking about. U wanted Obamacare. You've got it. What ru blaming Trump for.  This is some crazy shit. You're insane
This is a sad commentary about our government.
Democrats OWN this mess. And will be held accountable during elections. DON'T get comfortable in your seat.
Right.... and no insurers dropped out before Trump was elected and rates never increased.
That's rich! You're delusional...Dems wouldn't get on board to help fix O'care, so you OWN it...good luck
@PattyMurray How utterly ridiculous/stupid are u blaming this Obamacare mess on the Republicans-it's all on the Dems-not one Rep voted 4 it
In what universe is it possible to pass legislation without a single vote from the other side and then blame it on the other side?  Amazing!
Democrats are responsible for passing a bill they didn't READ and every bit of the fallout that followed, including the election of TRUMP.
And your Obamacare is working well.  Whatever
#Wrong
Obamacare was in a #Deathspiral before Trump became President...
 just like the Democrats.
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence NOW
@PattyMurray Sorry I'm not falling for your tripe-Dems passed it w/o one Rep vote-you own it & the failure-all of you lied especially Obama
Really? How many republicans voted for Ocare? Prior to Pres Trump taking office ocare was in death spiral. It was created to fail.
how?
@SpeakerRyan tax code should start at the bottom. Middle class spend and create jobs. Rich hoard $. Trickle down economics doesn't work
Trumpcare? Did anyone sign it into law? YOU OWN OBAMACARE!!!!
No sunshine, Trump didn't create the abomination. You all did. Man up
#Dumbass
lol - own it, watch it collapse
I would like to know as an American voter what I can do to help you in getting the #ACA improved. I want to help
Obama sabotaged democracy with socialized ACA & @realDonaldTrump freed Americans with his 1st EO. #Trump2020
How exactaly did they do that?
Booooo! Obamacare was setup to fail! So you are saying Trump should prop it up by throwing money at it?
