Anyone who serves deserves more honor and respect than President Trump has shown to our nation’s transgender troops & veterans today.
President Trump’s transgender ban contradicts our nation’s core values and is a disgrace to all who’ve served & died for our freedom.
Pretty sure trannies would have been pushed out of town when America was founded. Trannies are not a core value. Please get medical help.

Issue is they are not able! After our tax dollars pays $145,000 for reassignment surgery they can not work for 235 days. Its a TAX Free Ride
So the military can make judgments on capability? Like excluding the blind at nght, flat feet, and people 22x more likely to attempt suicde?
Our military is stronger when we pick the most capable people for combat rolls rather than further a leftist utopian theory agenda.
Not mentally confused people
Spoken by someone who obviously hasn't served.
I think he is so flawed, did not have the courage 2 serve, he assumes everyone else is thinks & feels just like him. His bubble will burst.
I wish Trump was 'capable' instead of just 'willing' to be POTUS. His ignorance, bigotry and incompetence is offensive. #eyeswideopen
It's another smokescreen. He wants to divert attention from Russia. Don't let him get away with it.
I'm 52 and in good shape why can't I join?
My dad was sick and weak and still wanted to serve. He was a U.S. Navy Veteran. My mom a Airforce Veteran. My husband a Navy Veteran... (1)
Like Sheriff Joe?  He was willing to serve and was facing jail.
Except Obama-era report says trans can’t serve 65% of the time due 2 med issues/restrictions. Would U buy a car that only works 3 days/wk?
I think the key word here is "capable".
So what are YOU going to do about it????  Except talk!
As a veteran, I ask you to censure and impeach
How much cheaper would life be if we didn't separate people into groups who must be victimized?
This is one of the best things you said about President Trump! Now if you can can get the rest of the Democrats to follow you.
He's well aware of that.  He's also aware how detrimental distractions can be to a warfighter.
Well he doesn't or doesn't care. The nation demands you senators and congressman get your act together and do something now.
We knew he couldn't and now he's demonstrating it.
How do?
Senator, it's time to stop talking about it and DO SOMETHING! #ImpeachTrump
He does not care! Trump has an overwhelming desire to impress his twisted hubris on our nation. Mitch and Paul obviously do not care either.
No Patty that is not true and you know it.
I am learning that you are not trustworthy. Patty how did you get hooked in by Hillary and Barack?
You are assuming he has a normal intellect. That is not the case.
That's why America voted for Trump. @GDubCub
You're so right, but gender dysphoria is a disqualifying condition.
Our nation is safer and stronger now with TRUMP in office! #MAGA 
Can you cite an example to support that position? Asking for 65.8M of my friends.
Can you "cite" an example that doesn't?
@PattyMurray answer this truthfully, Would they still be so eager to serve without the free surgery and meds? Remember TRUTHFULLY.
IMPEACH HIM.  IMPEACH HIM.  IMPEACH HIM.
Impeach him for what??
Thank you Sen Murray. (Tacoma voter)
Who's gonna pay for their surgery? Recoop time?  Other expenses?  Stop robbing the USA taxpayers & dig into your own deep pockets.
So do something Now
If there is anything you could use a white male veteran Marine for to counter the bigotry coming from the White House, let me know.
Pls Sir, join your voice with others. Contribute to speak out. There will be across taken to the streets, organize with Vets to join.
That's it Patty. Stir your troops. You know more than the military people and the President after all.
Please keep fighting the Trump agenda.  This ban was insane in a tweet from the leader but dangerous now on paper.  #CheetosSuck
Unfortunately, as he was never willing to serve in the military, he has no way of understanding the concepts of honor and duty they hold.
And Clinton ran to Canada, and Obama did what?
hes insane #25thnow
But clearly, he does not. He acts like he's corrupt, unethical, self-dealing, and criminal judging by his ACTIONS and WORDS.
I pray you are correct.  This is getting too disgusting now!!
He knows NOTHING of Service. THANK YOU Senator for Troop Appreciation. 
Did you serve?
I support his decision 100%...#MAGA
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #crookedmedia
If you disagree with Patty, and wish to deny this right to our transgender Americans, then shame on you.
No worries. I'm having my share of wine tonight. It's been a tough week, month, year.
There are a lot of things trump SHOULD know but in 7 months has proven he not capable of basic protocol!  Impeach  he is hurting so many ppl
exactly.  you are a good reason for term limits for ALL politicians.   need citizen politicians, not lifer professionals.
There are many things he SHOULD know that he doesn't seem to.
Thank u! I don't have the courage to serve so I applaud and support anyone willing to die for the country.
Senator, do you know of ANY progress either censuring or impeaching him? What can us citizens do to expedite this process??
Nothing snowflake, just get used to the next 8, I mean 16 (pence), I mean 24 (ivanka) I mean 32 (baron) years.
He does not want a strong America. He wants us fractured so Putin can attack & get his money back. 45 is the big  in the punch bowl of life
Trump is neither capable nor willing. 
#IMPEACH
How would trump know this he was womanizing  through the  Vietnam War the only medical care  he got then was for gonorrhea
You should be demanding that Trump have a mental health evaluation. Demanding. For the safety of Washington state residents and the country.
Sorry, but I'm gonna leave this right here...
no it isn't ,you don't have a right to serve and you must be qualified ? Medical treatment should be your cost if you are TG -no right to it
Should know, but doesn't
No, transgender is a mental disorder that has screwed up civilian life!

UCMJ for all, Moral of our troops over PC correctness!
It's impossible to change your sex. You can change cosmetics but you're a man or a woman genetically and to think otherwise is delusional.
Of the things that Trump should know, how many does he actually know? Not many, that's for damn sure.
EXCEPT Trump. He should be impeached and no longer allowed to serve his shameful agenda on us. PLEASE GET HIM OUT, Patty and Team!
Impeached on what grounds?
Thank you for this.
You continue to ignore the fact that transgenderism is a mental disorder per the DSM5.  They are not FFD (fully fit for duty).  Get a clue.
