Obummercare sabotaged itself, it didn't need any help.
Time 4 U 2 denounce BigPharma AND AntiFa! IMO, U R complicit in addiction epidemic & violence toward Free Speech!
What are you doing about it, @PattyMurray ?  Did you invoke the 25th Amendment or open #Impeach45  proceedings?  if not, why?
Here goes her lies, her lips are moving, she confirmed Gorsuch as US circuit judge and calls him an extremist as a supreme court judge, liar
He (Jesus) is Risen.  Read Romans 10:9 in your bible.  Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior died for our sins.  Call on his name to be saved
They're actively working to sabotage entire country: Trump+Russia, Trump+golf, Trump+conflicts of interest, Trump+nepotism, Trump+stupidity
Democrats in Congress need to fight this hard.
Good luck with that. They were going to stop the Gorsuch ratification, do everything they could, then....they rolled over.
Obamacare has cost our company and employees thousand$$$$. Repeal & replace the not-affordable care act!
I hope so!!!  I'm so tired of paying for the free ride.  My insurance went from 297 to 975 with a 13000 deductible in the last 7 years
This is what your obstructing and rhetoric is doing to our country- https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/853636547735891968 …
Your system has actively sabotaged healthcare.
Start talking to your Republican friends and get them to do something about this!
The healthcare system that is already going to collapse?
Landslide @PattyMurray YOU sabotaged America's healthcare with YOUR support of ObamaCare. YOUR attempt to socialize is a proven failure.
It's disturbing that you deem yourself separate from the problem. You are the problem until you work for the greater good of the people.
Please keep the attention on this! The American public has been very clear that we want ACA. Problems can be fixed w/o dumping it!
You're in the minority.
no, he's not.
Apparently you don't understand the meaning of minority. It means less than 50%. So....mute.
(yawn)
since you're not helping, complaining means nothing.
Check out this loser Senators Twitter account Its a sh1t bomb exploded all over this woman RETWEET THIS
Sabotage key worf
You don't care about your constituents who wanted you to vote against Obamacare. Your discrimination against them is deplorable.
Thank you Sen their methods are so transparent, but the results can still be devastating.THEY want to create the 'death spiral' they talk ab
A lot of people said the same about you and obomacare
Smells like dirty pool.
Are you a leader or a demogoguing ideological obstructionist?
Oh really? They are letting your program fail! I would say it's all on the Democrats!
I seem to remember you supporting a losing candidate who said that Universale Single Payer Healthcare would never ever happen.
Obamacare doesn't need any help in its imploding!  But keep preaching to your sheep!
Sabotage Health Care? #Unfit4Prez & his DC #Kakistocracy are out to sabotage everything in America.
Limit how much Insurers can raise premiums and bar them from participating anywhere if they withdraw from one state. All or nothing at all!
Yep, they are actively working to get rid of it and replace it.
And what do you intend to do about it? Ordinary citizens have no power whatsoever.
That's awesome bc our current gov't controlled health care system sucks.
It feels like they want to destroy anything and everything Obama did in the past 8 years. Maybe if they got to work on the present, instead
Of the past things would get done! Have you gotten my daughter those inhalers yet Oatty! She's still waiting!
Of course they are. What s den of vipers and cowards.
Obama care was a failure from the beginning remember you had to pass it before you could read it because if you read it you wouldn't pass it
Where's the outrage from our Democratic Party about EVERYTHING! What you haven't learned is that when GOP is on vacation, you pound them.
I love how Patty spews her nonsense and when people respond there is never a retort. I'm thinking she should keep her thoughts to herself!
And your president should keep spewing stupid stuff from his!
Thanks for sharing this!
Insurance companies will like this but what about the people?
THEN FIX IT.  STOP CRYING & MAKE IT BETTER
No, Obama and the Dems did that already!!
Time to call my senator. Oh, you are my senator. So thankful you are.
So much time wasted on this, when what we really need is single-payer.
Move on up to Canada. They can help you out.
Why should anybody leave their homes! Why don't you go since your so quick to decide who needs to go!
Vonda what are you talking about?
While all the stupid media is reporting on is MOABs...
Only a debacle for those that see anything a democrat approved of as a debacle! How about opening your mind!
Wow vox, now there's reliability.
Cool dad.  I bet he felt better.
Gerrymandering @gop only knows one way to try and win! @CitizensFedUp @SenateDems
Blind leading the blind
Specifics? (some of it needed to go)... actually I miss my pre Obama Health Care. I could afford it and afford to go to the doctor.
I agree something's need to go! Other things don't! It would help if red states would help their citizens!
Really? And what did you and your colleague's do to it? Crickets. You have no credibility in this dept. Cut the name-calling, get to work.
As a 25 yr career politician your plan is to whine and point your finger at Republicans. Obamacare is a disaster. #draintheswamp @FoxNews
@SecPriceMD is a disgrace to ga #FlipThe6th
Congressional Republicans are actively working to fix our health care system by getting rid of Obamacare. There, fixed it for you.
Vox? Vox is ur reference? _______ pls
That's Right...Resist!..Good Little Patsy cont. to Shows us Constituents You're Worthless by Refusing Bipartisanship! SHAMEFUL!
After all it's about the people not about you continuing to hold that seat and getting nothing done.
You know I think if you can't try to work together you should probably step aside and let someone else work with them.
The republicans have shown that they aren't interested in working with Democrats.  They have broken the government.  Replace the republicans
Senator Murray did the Democrats would work with the Republicans and repeal NAFTA we would have health care and jobs.
Too bad you voted against cheaper prescription drugs and have done jack to improve health care. #SinglePayer
Sorry, Patty, the @SenateDems and @POTUS44 have already sabotaged the health care market
You sabotaged healthcare when you shoved the Obamacare system of medicine down out throats. We're bringing healthcare back.
#RepealOnly!
