It’s official: @Questlove can name any Prince song after hearing a 1-second sample #FallonTonight #CreativeQuest 
Genius 
Really much better than Shazam Jimmy, @questlove is unique in the hole wide world!!
Let compare it.
Questlove can identified songs in milliseconds and Shazam can identified songs in 30 seconds which is Questlove are so much faster to recognize songs than Shazam App
He’s a musical genius!!
i know even the 1940’s songs can identified it HAHA
Just watched it and OMG! Quest is a walking music encyclopaedia! #CreativeQuest #FallonTonight
You know your 80’s tunes very Well. Could you do it with mixed 80’s songs?
It's like half of his brain is only about music.
I haven’t seen it yet but will on the way home.
Great
This was insane!!!! 
Omg!!! I Can't wait to watch this 
Did you ask him.about the shirt?! 
He definitely is. That’s how awesome he is!!
Amazing clip
@Isaacmahfc Kanye?
I think sinbad is the human Shazam I’m just sayin
That was super impressive!!!
What doesn't he know!!
Did you know those Prince songs without looming at the card?
That was so impressive!!! Did you see this, @Shazam?
I missed two. 
 @jimmyfallon @FallonTonight but can @questlove #BeatShazam ?!
Hold on a minute!!! @questlove help!! @jimmyfallon how have you u heard “Mountains” !??!?!  I’ve got this rare extended vinyl of it for you!!!!
Come through @questlove @jimmyfallon !!!!
Extremely impressed.
It'd make one helluva Halloween costume!
So is @ZacharyLevi

Go, Questlove!
Long- live The Roots w Erika Badu “You Got Me”.  
Downloaded a Prince's album after this one and listened to "Kiss" like for 3 hours
That was insane! I was at the show and was blown away! #insanetalent
QUESTLOVES IN THE HOUSE
Not saying it's on the teleprompter but it's on the teleprompter duh
I can do it in two or three
@amberereynolds ya boi has competish
Got them all before Quest
Your face is so great
Honestly....  @Shazam is more like @questlove in app form. Dude is beyond amazing!! 
We have seen the same thing in Denmark where a guy named 65 Metallica songs in a row with just 1 second of the songs - quite impressive...
Quest is the man.hella dope
Cmon now....any REAL Prince fan can do the same.  
Shazam! Oh wait, did you mean, the app?
sou sua fã.
Having spent time with @questlove this doesn’t shock me. Still super impressed, but I’m convinced there is no finer mental catalogue of music out there than his.

I just happened to catch this last night!! @questlove is a SUPER FAM. 
@questlove  Should Be Integrated In Googles New Now Listening Feature. LOL 
I love that you both   so much!
Brilliant
finally, someone i can relate to

