.@kevinbacon and the @baconbros join @jimmyfallon for a #FirstDraftsOfRock performance of #TheGuessWho's #AmericanWoman on @FallonTonight https://etcanada.com/news/322665/kevin-bacon-and-jimmy-fallon-parody-canadas-own-band-the-guess-who-in-latest-first-draft-of-rock/ …
You are so jealous of President Trump. Grow some balls and start behaving like a man first.
My professor is one of the guitarists in this band!!! GO PROF GUZZONE!!!!

LOVED it! That was GREAT! Kevin Bacon was AWESOME! @kevinbacon
Check out my new band Actionable Harassment!
"The most RIGHTEOUS ANGER...... is about to REIGNNNNNNN!"
YOURS TRULY, 
GOD
For you fucking people of Madison county don't know what you have DONE!
The proof that is needed, I HAVE!!!! if you fuck that up.... You will MISS OUT!!!!
It makes me feel safe to know that the people following me have seen some of the evidence to see what we see that sets us apart in a way of division in a good way that the rest of the world needs to catch the fuck up. 
Thank you!
No worries!



have a GREAT show tonight Jimmy, with lots of true laughs!  You rock!
Right!!yaehs
Hey follow me back Jimmy Fallon big fan of the show just a little person here I'm not one of the 1% so I don't expect a reply but would love to have one. tomorrow's my birthday
You are awsome lol good eyes today show on NBC...
It's still ironic to me that a Canadian band sang about an American woman..  make a me want to check out their other songs .. if they have any??   ps way to rock a white suit and porn 'stascheJimmy! 
It was great, totally on point! You are the best Jimmy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbN7lbjOUho … @anitta
Laughed my head off Brilliant! Thank you, Jimmy
Whooo!!!
U did a great job...@jimmyfallon and @FallonTonight ! U always prove that u, Jimmy, r not only a creative comedian but hav musical talent & great dance moves ...whether an impression or ur own choreography! Attention to detail makes companies #1.Disney does it & u @ the 2NT show!
hey jimmy u have a good platform to entertain every1 bt i find u very annoying fake and intolerable. u are not even funny anymore. i can't watch ur videos without cringing as u make it about urself than listening to ur guests. didnt want to be negative but u need to know this man
Love the dances moves Jimmy!! Yes! #FallonTonight always delivers the BEST SHOW , paying attention to every detail! @fallontonight  has an extraordinary team of the most talented writers, performers, band,  announcer, and the BEST HOST EVER!!
I knew it! That's not your signature move. 
Save alfie!!!!!!!!!
As a Canadian, I thank you. #GuessWho 
Great job, Jimmy! You're a real pro! 
Spectacular job! Thank you, #JimmyFallon & #FallonTonight  Your people are the best and most talented in the industry!
Just watched it, the whole vibe takes me back to my childhood, the attention to detail was just perfect, the clothes, the look, everything! @kevinbacon and his brother are fantastic. This is one of my fav bits on the show, well done everyone #FallonTonight  Jimmy 
Hi Jimmy  Amazing. Loved every minute of it.
You Guys always deliver! Best show ever! 
That was so amazing. Loved every minute of it. Laughed so hard you are the best
you guys really do pay attention to every detail, and that’s why #FallonTonight is absolutely amazing. you & your staff are all incredibly talented (kevin & his brother too!). 
Jimmy you are such a talented beast.  Your gifts just keep on giving. Great job Kevin B. Great piece.  #Fallonmakingitdowhatitdo!
#greatjob
C'était magnifique même perfect!!!
but it seems ET Canada don’t pay THAT much attention to your videos...they messed up who sung which lyrics!
i watched the original and you guys are awesome 
You did Burton, and Canada, proud Jimmy!
We know that TSJF go into the details when doing these bits with @kevinbacon, and it was awesome!!
Everything was on point. From the mustache to the legs moves 
That’s what makes your show the best!
Jimmy thanks for giving me laughs last night I really needed it
I love how detail oriented you guys are!
I like to watch bacon cook. Let it come around me! Do its "zipline" let it vulture around my body and try to offer "help". Let it glare in anger. Let it be in Enlil. There is no Ninlil.

You guys are so good at paying attention to even the smallest details
You’re fake news. Trump going to win the nobel peace prize
And Jimmy you look in it
You did awesome in that bit, and the lyric changes got me! 
hey jimmy! doing anything this weekend? 
