Axes, Magic, Avengers, Seth... so much fun tonight!! Yay!  #FallonTonight
Jimmy I like your phone case
can’t wait! and I’m excited to see you on @LateNightSeth
Sounds fun and I love magic
Ok, now I'm REALLY staying up for this..and with u on Seth tonight I won't sleep
Oh I am definitely staying up tonight Jimmy
Priyanka!!! @priyankachopra
can't wait can't wait can't wait!!! 
hey jimmy! i hope you had a great day!! 
can’t wait for the show jimmy!
I think I would have thrown up seeing that! 
Yasss! Love @davidblaine 
@priyankachopra is shook im crying
Are you still looking for job ? here is a oppotunity, Work with Monster Energy Drink and get paid weekly click on this link and fill out the form if interested  https://themanagement.wufoo.com/forms/z1osz91w1mulsyk/ …
Dude! Ew!
Sounds like an incredible show. See you in 1 hr 16 min. Feel the love.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
Reaction says a lot
I will be watching Jimmy!!! I cannot wait!! 
There's no way Im missing this...come on 11:35
Can’t waitttttt!!!
@SerenaWilliams is an insensitive, crude woman.
She said: You're not really a woman until you've given birth.
Some of us couldn't have children; how do you think that makes us feel?
Please take some of the millions of dollars you make & buy etiquette lessons!
Oh, Boo-Hoo!!!!
Judy, I'm sorry you can't comprehend this insult (Serena didn't say it on Fallon's show), however, if you have children, I'm glad you've never had to experience the pain of this loss or inadequacy.

I hope you're nicer to your friends.

#Callous
#Insensitive
OMG!! How dramatic!! I feel sorry for you!!And a “little” sad....
You are SO clueless, that's what's sad! 

Btw, you use single quote marks around your use of 'little', not double quote marks...
So, you're stupid as well as insensitive and callous; that makes sense.

You probably have NO friends to whom you can be nice.
Priyanka wasn't ready.
Why don't you invite METALLICA ?
I havn't seen this episode yet. in Iran we watch your show with about a week delay .
but i love it ! not only me but also my 70 years old mother ! she calls you jimm -like her son. with love & best wishes Manny. PS say hello to roots (specially James )
Haha awwww Priyanka 


I Hope He Don't Have To Give Away Any Of His Secrets Like Copperfield
Thought about recording it, nope nope nope I’m wayyy too excited to not stay up !!!!
Stay up late & read my first book I self published !!!!
Awesome
Oh I am definitely staying up to watch

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …

We can't wait!!!  #FallonTonight
Cannot waittttt...
