thank you SO much for staying up with us! we’re all gonna be SUPER tired tomorrow, i gotta get up at 6 for school, but for you, it’s more than worth it. I LOVE YOU
FALPAL ALL NIGHTER LETS GOOO LETS ALL REGRET EVERYTHING TOGETHERRRRR 
I love you so much so much so much JIMMY  #FallonTonight
I love you so much! 
You make your #FalPals so happy Jimmy  thank you  #FallonTonight
So when you do fall asleep Jimmy, I hope you have the sweetest wonderful dreams Jimmy, I love you so much 
Thank you SO much for following me! 
Tell Priyanka that she can yank my chopra anytime 
Hi Jimmy. Good night but in Poland good morning. I ending watching Tonight Show now. Huge hugs to you and your all family
You're #FalPals are overjoyed tonight, Jimmy. You are the greatest celebrity to follow ever!
Help me out should I watch your show or finish my essay that’s due tonight??
Cmon no one can sleep during #FallonTonight !
thank you for doing this jimmy, you don’t have to, this means a lot to us 
Same #FallonTonight 
jimmy. listen to this music. listen to me sing
Thank you for staying up & tweeting with us dear Jimmy!! We Love you so much!!!#FallonTonight
Jimmmyy!!! Heey!!
And I have to be up early tomorrow
fun fact: i made a twitter when i was 11 just for you lol
Hi Jimmy!!! Great show so far!!! 
THIS PROVES THAT YOU LOVE US 
Thank you Jimmy, you don’t really know how we appreciate it sweetheart!!
Fair enough.
@jimmyfallon you're always so funny and fun to watch!
I really don't give up
But  watching the clock flying
Around you
Falling sleep in Morfeous hand is desire and point of view
But Machete is hard be in insomnia
And facing a long night staying up
Hi Jimmy 
Sos hermoso!
Is it really you? My family loved you pre-ride entertainment at Universal Studios BTW!

Here this will help.
Thank you Jimmy. What a treat. Sleep well when you fall asleep.        #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
We appreciate you!
Well, sleep tweeting can be interesting too 
I love you so much
My motto! Except it’s more like I will write my last college paper until I fall asleep #FallonTonight #FinalsWeek
I went to the show today!! Had so much fun!! #FallonTonight
am i a hardcore #falpal or what pal.. I THINK
Your the best 
@ArianaGrande
we love and appreciate you so much jimmy! you’re the best! 
i’m so happy you’re watching with us 
Awesome jimmy that good I can live with that
Thx for late night Tweeting....almost on my birthday. 
we are so grateful
Are you tired yet? 
I hope you can stay up the whole night until seth comes on
never go to sleep please kthanksbyeeeee
Jimmmmyyy I love you
Ok, Donald Trump... hahaha
When does your mommy insist you go to bed, Jimmy ?
Love u Jimmy
challengeon
 #FallonTonight


Great interview last night...we need to see you in the other chair and being interviewed more often
Consult a physician if you are up for more than four hours.
Yes
Keeping up with D. Trump?
Sounds unhealthy!
How come your still not up?
Me too
Dear lord, you are the cutest 

Too much coffee 
At least ur tweets at 3am won’t be offensive or threatening.
Ok me too
you still awake?
I have trouble sleeping too, sex usually helps, but I’m single now with morals....ugh!!  Damn morals get in the way!!  All you have to do is pretend ur done peeing and shake that THANG!!
I watch yourshow everynight and think you are verycreative and funny. You can reach ears that we cannot.
Me too !
Hello Jimmy Fallon. I am Sarra White and I created a nonprofit organization that takes a stand against domestic violence and child abuse. Please follow or a mention could work wonders.
Haha same over here!!!
Hey jimmy Fallon, how's tricks? Follow me on Twitter dude!  Yeah
Hello from your hometown Jimmy!
Still awake?
Hi
So visited NY with my daughter’s school band for St Patrick’s day and tries to sneak into see your show!  Lol. I didn’t make it in!
Dilly dilly 
cool. here is a small tip
You still up?  FYI, I adore Questlove's shirt!  Please let him know, Thanks Jimmy
Yay!!  What's the last outing you and Justin timberlake did? Loved the two man bicycle.
#FallonTonight yay 
Hi Jimmy!!
Hey @jimmyfallon have you still up?
Hi 
It’s so depressing that I don’t have cable. I have to wait til the next day and catch the YouTube videos of the show.  I’ve gotta know one thing though Jimmy. Red Sox or Yankees?? (pst...Red Sox) 
Love you Jimmy 
- Jimmy: I’m so tired, I should go to bed.                                                        - Jimmy’s brain: I see you’re trying to sleep, shall I bring you the memories when you failed to date Nicole Kidman?  @jimmyfallon
Jimmy are you getting your Party on? 
That was cool you had Jay Leno on a few weeks ago ha ha ha lol. Very dope!!
hahaha
This when a atheist needs God
<3
Lots of coffee Jimmy and you'll be bright eyed and bushy tailed! 
Jimmy’s already asleep. Aren’t ya, Jimmy!
I love you Jimmy. Get BTS on your show. You will love them.....
in that case have you ever heard the song honey bee by @blakeshelton ?
It would make my day being your biggest fan to get a tweet from you can’t wait to make it to NY again to try to make it to your show
I love you
#FallonAsleep
love from Orlando JK.
@PhilipsHealth 
@Securitas_Group 

#Dr #DEVREKERE  
#IntelLiVue

#ShitHappens 
#Again 

#BELGIUM  #University  #PlaybookLunch 

1 Dokter
2 Dokter 
3.

#tramadol #cianidy  #dopium

Quote Safety again university

same university @ResearchUGent
klootZakKen @stubru
@VivacityNY
I dare you to stay up til 6a. That's when I get off of work. Who will win??? I bet Beth will.
Yaaas! Stay with us #falpals please.
Ok 
When are hashtags
Enjoying the show as usual. Serina looks great.#FallonTonight
Yeah now and can spam you and try to get noticed
Hey there! I'll tweet back to you as long as I can stay up here in FL. Since I'm having a #TrigeminalNeuralgia seizure attack I'll be awake a while 
Get a hold of yourself!
Dear Jimmy your tv show is very positive not like others who are packing their shows with political profanity.
I would love to see you live from my country! I hate to wait so I can watch your show :( YouTube videos aren't enough! Live sessions please, pretty please hihihi U DA BEST! 
Jimmy, you are so awesome. I love your show! Now, if I could have you, @Jtimberlake and @TheEllenShow on an episode at the same time... That would make my day!
Aww, such a special night Jimmy. You are 'the best'
Go to bed.
lol, I'm a couple seconds away from zzzzzz......good luck on tweets!  Night night
You suck dude!
Gnite I’m crashing with my lil man
Me too
There's no sleeping in late night television! 
YOU’RE THE CUTEST.
I made my cousin become a big fan of yours
You are the best @jimmyfallon 
You can do it, Jimmy! You’re the best, love you! 
Hi jimmy!

Any advice for an actor who chose to be a husband and dad instead?  #FallonTonight
#FallonTonight  greetings from #México !!  you are the funniest dude ever!! Te amo!
Do the shamrock shake
Hi 
That’s why they invented Redbull just for Jimmyhaha
Play a round of tennis against Serena and put it on the show
Love it
Follow me!
Brazil- love you
I once got caught tweeting on someone's lawn. Boy, where they angry.
My goodness get some sleep lol
Same here..but I'm sooooo tired
@jimmyfallon YOURE the BEST
Fallon/Timberlake 2020!!! 
But wait I'm watching your show right now!  What are you saying this isn't live!?!
You in 5 minutes 
I LOVE YOU 

You’re the best! 
Jimmy, when are you taking the show on the road?
Keep on keeping on #FallonTonight
No laying down! That's the first step in falling asleep!  #FallonTonight
it’s nearly 5am here oops
It’s Mother’s Day in two weeks here in Australia. Mum and I watch you every night, you’re pretty much part of the family. Can you give her a happy Mother’s Day message! (It would be super cool but of course I’ll do my part and get her a gift haha)
Thanks Jimmy-me too 
Like kanye
and unfollow
I have to be up super early tomorrow but I can’t sleep soooooo at least you’re up to keep me entertained.
according to your ex, thats 34 seconds
Half the avengers died
Okay have fun

My phone is buzzing like crazy... Or shall I say "tweeting? "
That’s what he said
Until Seth’s show please
I’ve been waiting years for this night James 
Why are u tweeting so much slow down
Thank you so much for live tweeting with us! 
Why?
omg are you gonna stay up for the west coast too
please until late night jimmy 
You are a gem.. 
Have you been drinking?
Past your bedtime buddy?
love you bean 
Do you even read these?
Yes yes yes, you should do this more often! And can you do this when Ariana comes on the show?
Yay! Hi!!!  #FallonTonight

You’re so cute
awww i love you so much
definitely staying up!!
