He did it. He made the perfect ice cream. I’m so glad you also think this!
I still need your ice cream in Sweden! I hate missing out 
And here I  the U.K.!! Please @benandjerrysUK  & @benandjerrys  PLEASE WE NEEEED IT TOOO!! 
One day I'll be in NYC and buy like 50 #TonightDough lolll i have to try itttt
It's so delish pal trust me one won't be enough!!!  #TonightDough
Of course it’s perfect because it’s yours #BenAndJerry #TonightDough I love youu Jimmyyy
Man! I want to taste this so bad.. Not available over here 
I just wish we could get it in the UK! But never mind I'm so proud of you @jimmyfallon & @FallonTonight for supporting this amazing cause.  #SeriousFunCamps 
it’s perfect, just like you. 
Had a perfect Tonight Dough last week in NYC @jimmyfallon Love, love, loved it #TonightDough #BenAndJerry
All you do is perfect Jimmy 
We stocked up on Marshmallow Moon! I have been eating some of that stash this week! It is amazing! @benandjerrys
The only way I’m ever going to experience this amazing ice cream is if I come to see you Jimmy!  I guess I’m on my way  #BenAndJerry #TonightDough
Hi Jimmy!! I love the Tonight Dough!! It's soooooo good!! 
you are the best!!!! 
Freaking love that ice cream !!! My all time favorite.. !!!
It really is perfect  #cravings
I need The Tonight Dough in my life.  Hi, Jimmy! I love you! 
That is the best ice cream and it is for a great cause for serious fun camps
It's  the best ice cream, and the fact that the proceeds go to charity, even better
invite @NICKIMINAJ on the show
Please make a non-dairy version. I miss it so much
I didn’t even know the proceeds went to charity! Now I don’t have to feel bad when I eat a whole pint! Legend 
Thanks, Jimmy. Now I have no excuse NOT to buy it multiple times a week
When I visited my friend at college we had an intense debate on the best ice cream flavor, and now an entire floor of her dorm is on Team Tonight Dough

hey jimmy! are you excited for being on seth’s show tonight?
love you!!
Where does one get this ice cream
Quite literally my favourite flavour. Now I know an even better reason to buy it!
RT @jimmyfallon: Thank you for saying that. Also my proceeds from Tonight Dough all go to @SeriousFunCamps so it’s even more perfect… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/989200903310856198 …
Never found the second one. Is that supposed to be widely available?
Get Paris Jackson on your show and do th music game
It’s my all time fav ice cream
It's good. But damn it every once in a while I get a craving for those potato chip clusters!!! Bring back the snack!
That's a great idea, I don't eat ice cream anymore but It's the best!! Off topic I was looking for something to watch, this was one of the icons for a show. The first person I thought of was? This is a true pop up look where the prime is: Who knows who I thought of!!!
I JUST BOUGHT THAT SHDVAJDBW IT WAS SO GOOD I CANT
I wish they would make a Dairy Free Version of it! 
I finally got to try it a couple weeks ago! Got the last one on the shelf. It was SO worth cheating on my diet!! 
It is my favorite!
what’s the likelihood of you donating to my school’s relay for life for cancer research? we raised $93k last year alone and we take a lot of pride in this event!! our goal for this year is $90,000 and if you could help our cause 
Jimmy pls one like or one tweet will be great , it's a parody of rap by ticketboy the french customer service agent in Paris airport 
Tks Jimmy
<3 #falpal
It's my favorite Ben & Jerry's ice cream.
My 6 year olds fav ice cream. (Mainly because its delicious and she has a crush on you). LOL
Ok but it's not available in Germany
Will they ever bring back Late Night Snack?
That’s my fav too!!!!!
dough-nations 
hmmmmmmmm @jimmyfallon
Uau

