https://soundcloud.com/jerseytherapper/j-cole-atm …
i'm gone.
Where O where!
For good?
I love your show! You have me cracking up
That trick was absolutely amazing. Can I find out if they're coming to Florida cuz I'll definitely go.
Jimmy got a question for you. The prime minister of France should we consider him the first man.
What?!?!?!
Holy sh*t! I would have been gone too! I screamed so loud I think I woke up my neighbors.
I almost walked out of my own house!  I'm with Quest!!!!
I wish I can unsee that but I can’t
WTF???!!!
I’ll say it again… Demon!!!
Where and why?
Faustian
Love you, Jimmy, but I'm with Questlove. If I see Blaine on your show again, I'm out.
I’m not sure I understand how that’s a “trick”. I couldn’t watch.
Where did he go
Ok so now I just need for someone to get hurt during a David Blaine show so he have to revieal a trick or two #jimmyfallon
Quest was like...  


trumps mother took over like rover,try and suitcase the remains of the challenger space shuttle off playa way for the right to send your kid to school without an invasion,the press is wrapped up in stealing food cards,and srtip teasing,you could steal christmas here mcClain...lp.
Dude lay off the coke
what quest?  is Quest a person?  An action?  Did you name your dog quest?  Or is that the name of your penis??he’s gone meaning....you’re “done”?  Hmmmmm
New to twitter.... did Questlove really leave The Roots/ Tonight Show? Just watched him talk about his new book.
Oh it’s on baby ha
I don't blame Questlove. I'd be gone too. That was gross but a neat trick! #FallonTonight #DavidBlaine
?
omg I've never related more to someone than @questlove and Priyanka in that moment 
Where
Worst thing to watch, but the @theroots made it great!
Dude is a weirdo
Where'd he go?
Stop it!!!!!!
“A young black man protected the public from a white man hell-bent on committing mass murder. This is a problem for @realDonaldTrump . White men -- who are mass murderers or domestic terrorists -- are described as "nice" and "normal" people "lone wolves" who have mental illness.
You will be constantly reminded of your treason against humanity and America. Now make a choice. Your bloodstained paycheck or God's cause?
I would have done the same thing, as soon as he started threading the needle. That was so extra.
So is toys r us, k-mart and circuit city :/
I would've been right behind him too!
That gross. Poor thing!!
That might break the internet if anything can
Map Quest? I don't use it anymore.
Blaine is the devil
Someone call Dr.Phil Jimmy has gone over the edge.
David Blain
Omg!!
Omg that was insane!!
Quest is hysterical!!!
I don’t blame him at all!!!
Absolutely insane
What does that mean?
Wtf was that?!?!?!?
The frog again!!!
So I am  so gross oh god Jimmy #FallonTonight
Haha Quest  I would be gone too
Jimmy I love you Jimmy
He is sHoOk.
Me too!!
 he just far away
i knew it. He did the same fish trick last time
His reaction is always the best hahaha
I’d be gone too.
SO AM I JIMMY
hahahahaha. i am quest.
Same.
quest is me
