hello please share
I must see this list! I’m certain Ellen’s Stardust is on it, but what else?!
Burger Joint? JG Melon? What?!

Ugh! So over Gigi pretending to eat burgers. She was on #RHOBH. She doesn't eat and is on a liquid diet.
So. Share.
Minetta Tavern. #nyc
Please share them Jimmy, I am saving up for a NY trip as we speak! I need to know all about good pizza places, burger joints And the best pubs in town 
White Castle, right?
If you are ever in the fort I've got you covered.
Hardee’s
just ask this guy. he doesn't know where it is, but he'll tell you all about it
Jimmy, you should be asking @georgemotz
Well it ain't juniors____no disrespect to NYC which I love so much but their burgers and grill cheese sucks but there is skyline dinner that makes a great salmon burgers in hells kitchen
I was waiting....
....please share
It’s a rule: no best burger spots can be “just between us”.
Oh ya, please share your experiences.
YOUR MY FAVORITE DRUNK JIMMY!
Jimmyyyyyy saludos desde México, no te hagas pendejo salúdame, puñetas

ive been craving a burger where should i get one
jimmy pls what do u rec for burgers
@GiGiHadid @chrissyteigen 
Pretty serious..I mean you can't keep the lid on a juicy, sumptuous, drooling, succulent burger place... Can you?    
Blacktap. Please say blacktap
Jackson Hole Burgers in NYC on 64st  Manhattan tween 2nd and 3d ave is one of the largest burgers you can get. Fresh ground meat, huge portions, french fries and half sour pickles. Heavenly Taste.
There is an Irish restaurant on 8th st or 9th st between 1st and Ave A that has the best burger I have ever had in my life. I forget the name, but I believe it has an Irish flag and a harp on the sign outside. Great bar and fantastic service, too!
JIMMMMMYYYYYYYYYYY
I hear in Philly, they call burgers "cheesesteaks".
@chrissyteigen @GiGiHadid shake shack!!
No....
It would be a dream come true if ever visit your following list!
please share Jimmy  
spill Jimmy! please?  I’ll have to add them to my list when i finally get back to NYC
I wonder if @jasonsegel and @regis ever found theirs... #HIMYM #ItNotIt #Wait #ItIsIt
if @burgerjointNYC isnt on that list you arent doing life right.
Yaassss please!!!
Jimmy I love you so much! Good night my love.
omg. tell us!! i need to make a list of places i need to eat when i’m back in NYC.
I know right, same here..i need some good recommendations
i love you! please follow me
Oh I would like to know the other places you know Jimmy please
Goodnight I love you
Can I get your favorite burger joint jimmy?
PLEASE KING LET ME BE YOUR 8,008 FALPAL YOU FOLLOW I BEG
Thanks for following me back love uuuuuu
Oh Jimmy may I know some of the burgers places in nyc please
JIMMY PLS LET ME BE YOUR 8,008 FALPAL YOU FOLLOW

i love you jimmy!
