It has been one of the best shows ever, I’m staying tuned to watch Seth and you sweetheart 
#TeamFallon Good afternoon, my love! Sending hugs & love.
Thank you my dear, I really need them today, I’m in bed with a flu and a tracheiti Love and hugs back 
Oh no!! So sorry. Get well soon. More hugs & love!
Thanks sweetheart!!!
U!!!
Thank you for making such a wonderful show every day, Jimmy! The whole #FallonFam is amazing.
Oooooo Falon boy ooo Falon boy
Lololol!!! Perfect:)
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!! WILL WE EVER RECOVER LMFAO
I am proud to say that I have not watched nor will I ever watch you again since you played with @realDonaldTrump’s hair on your show.  #ubigpendejo
Weeee you guys together! What a night

it’s been an incredible night! thank you for live tweeting along with us, and thank you for being you  we are so proud of all the hard work everyone puts in to make the tonight show the phenomenal show that it is 
OMG JIMMY! HOW COULD YOU STAND BESIDE DAVID  BLAINE... I AM TOO SCARED TO GO TO SLEEP. YOU ARE BACK! What asend an  for me!  Joking!
Jimmy varity show a thousand nights better than your Trump jokes.. book David Blaine every nite... I stayed awake to watch.... Now I will never sleep again.
And from my heart I thank you, you make my life so much happier...thank u for all the hardwork, i love u
It was gross
Good morning. Thanks to you i start my day with big smile on my face. Remember never change your show and never change yourself. You are awesom man your show is amazing.
A great night of entertainment with you guys! Jimmy, I just wished I had a barf bag by my couch!! Lol 
We love you Jimmy!!!!
Hell Yeah
You guys are so great together! Great rapport and friendship and humor! So cool...and great SNL stories! So cute! Well done!
Lol!!! Usually the NEWS makes us want to throw up... not your show!!! Lolol!! But David Blane... that’s insane!!! But great television !!! As gross as it was... but captivating and hysterical!
I loved it Jimmy!! Thank you for live tweeting with us!! #FallonTonight was great tonight!!! I'm waiting to watch you on Late Night now 
Love ur show
huge fan
We are all so proud of you And your wonderfull houseband,  staff And writers! We love you so much 
Jimmy your my favorite late night talk show! You have class like Johnny Carson had!
That was the BEST!! I'm still freaked out..you all DO such a awesome job..we love you and watching you and Seth now

I could have done without the magic  that might give me nightmares! 
Great show, absolutely loved it!! 
I don't know if all my tweets went thru..........just saw it this morning and still not recovered LOLOL GROSSSSSSSSSSSS LOL
I loved tonight's #FallonTonight and #LNSM! 
I am going to have to say goodbye to you jimmy, you had Trump in your show, and I could never forgive you after that.
@jimmyfallon #tuned!
ily jimmy you’re spamming my phone rn

Jimmy and Seth feelin the ratings HEAT I feel a porn and @tmz thing bout to happen 
proud to be a fan of you! FALPALS 4 LIFE! 
I LOVE YOU  I LOVE YOU  I LOVE YOU  I LOVE YOU 
I love #FallonTonight I love you Jimmy!!   IM so happy to see you on #LNSM TONIGHT  you’re awesome
TONIGHTS SHOW WAS INCREDIBLE. I CANT WAIT TO WATCH YOU N’ SETH. ahhh. such a fun night. thank you thank you thank you 
Would love to stay up and watch you on #LateNight but I have to be up in less than 5 hours and have finals coming up.
Love your show and you!
How did you not puke all over David’s face?!?!?!
Varirty
That’s why you’re the best! 
So excited
It's always amazing what you do with your show! I'm excited to watch you with Seth now!!!! Thanks for the tweets

Congrats for the show Jimmy!!
Loved it so much Dear Jimmy!!! Love how you & Seth walked out together !!! So awesome!!!!
Jimmy that show was insane! You and your show are freakin awesome!  I’m watching you on Seth now, I’m not going back to sleep today! 
stay with us jimmy!!! 

We always enjoy your show Jimmy! I love you so much!
i love you with all my heart
thank you SO much for livetweeting With is. you ha e no idea how much it means to us. I LOVE YOU!! 
Jimmy Jimmy Jimmy that was awesome show tonight
Thank you soooo much for that awesome show tonight Jimmy. I love you. Now it’s your time to shine on @LateNightSeth !!
YAAAAAASSS!!! 
I'll watch it until late night 
Whoop! Whoop!!
i did until that blaine idiot
WE’RE SO EXCITED

