My teeth hurt already by only looking at her opening that bottle 

My husband was like: Whoah beautiful, a Baldwin AND she can do this.. I think he’s in love 

especially you @jimmyfallon remember this??? 
True, we all know what can happen, don't we?
If I even try to do a thing like that, I would leave two or three teeth on the bottle!!

@thenamessayan opening beer bottles :3
Challenge accepted. 
Who challenged you? :3
I am just making you learn.
Happy Padawan says hi!
Well she can definitely afford the dentist visits, but I think a bottle opener would be cheaper.  And less painful.  
Pour it for the homies next time
Man I feel the pain already
Who???
She's a pirate woman ! 
Can she do the same with the tin cans ? 
My Queen  Hails
I love you Hailey  @haileybaldwin
This has been done in Australia for years, before canned beer came in.
The dentists are loving this video
Is there anyway a HUGE fan like me simply get a follow, it'd truly mean the world to me! 
C'est un concours de débile ?  Elle a gagnée !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The only reason Hailey Baldwin did it is because she found out I lost that tooth from eating $100's of dollars of Valentine & Easter & Christmas candy for the last 5 years, and she had to throw it in my face that I can't do that anymore. #Fallon
Not very smart...
@haileybaldwin dentist must be beaming with pride
I just... have a bottle opener... on my key ring...
I just watched this!! Omg!! So crazy!!
She will make her husband very Happy!#shesgotskillz
Unless your Dad is a Dentist !
Ha! I had a stupid friend that used to do that too.

I hope she visits the dentist about 10 times a month.
There are soooo many easier ways than that 
Quit that!
I love you Jimmy
that shit got me street cred in middle school
This must have been painful...
Well that’s one way to do it lol
I just use a lighter lol
It was so funny
Hey
Outch hurt me seen it
Cool. I guess she doesn't like her teeth...
#Beastmode
I’m in love 
That’s terrible. I bet she doesn’t do that in her 40’s
@Corona_MX saquen la promo para este puente!!!
Tell you what I did that as a child with soda bottles.   Later it wreaked havoc on those teeth.
Well, her dad's a drunk.
#DentistsFriend
Gif
Thats what I do and people are always like you'll break ur teeth 
I'd probably chip a tooth.
It's ok to do this in the UK,because thanks to the NHS,our dental costs are cheap as chips.
Every Baldwin has a talent. I’m sure this particular talent makes her daddy very proud!  The Queen of BYOB parties!
My brother used to do this often...
If you want to save your teeth, you can use one beer to open the other.
This the same chick that got her dad in trouble for being a parent?
My dentist says "NOOOO!!!!"
Not sure that I approve either.
This is a sweet bar move, that is until you eventually need two root canals for this little maneuver!
Dave Letterman's stupid human tricks flashback.
you can get a bottle opener at a dollar store FFS.....gosh! teeth are expensive to fix/replace
Don’t let this beer opening distract all of you from the fact that we die during The Infinity War
