Seguilas a las 2 por favor jimmy @ladybaelish_ and @falpalArgentina.
Gracias Tati
De nada 
Love you Jimmy!!
Priyanka Chopra  love love love love 
Priyanka Chopra 
Looking forward to seeing David Blaine...oh wait, he's disappeared! Lol!
Definitely watching, as I always do! 
Get @KanyeWest on your show!
Priyanka yaya
how about we have @SJofficial and @lesliegrace  for their smashing hit #losiento they are killing it and making huge change in music industry , they are pushing boundaries and uniting people all over the world
Can't really imagine what David will do tonight!
And you get to see Serena throwing axes!
we want CNCO on jimmy fallon show!!! @CNCOmusic #CNCOAlbum #CNCOwners
Yes @priyankachopra !!!
See you later on Seth's show too
I'm ready to get freaked out by David Blaine.  It's gonna be a great show as always, Jimmy. I love you so much. 
Awesome....
Your show blows
Awesome. Enjoy the show @jimmyfallon
Hi Jimmy i'm still recovering as i just saw your show this morning.......you usually wake me up glad i waited till almost Noon to watch it LOLOL
That's spectacular! You are amazing Jimmy Callon!! 
That magic trick was absolutely INSANE
Please invite Mr Macron.
Yeaaah!!! Whooo!!!
Out of all late night hosts u suck the most. What's up with the repeating a sentence again and again in weird voice. I hope they bring someone funny.
Can't wait to see the magic trick tonight
Can he make you disappear? You're unfunny and insubstantial and you relying on "breaking" for laughs.
yayyy David Blaine, can't wait! 
PC‘s bio on nbc Website!! The website guy was so tensed that he forgot the correct Tense... @jimmyfallon don’t take this tweet as an offence.. I still love your Humorous sense 
merci pour ton emission journaliere retransmise sur canal plus, continues a nous faire rire et  délirer...thank's Jimmy a french fan..
Hi Jimmy  Awesome show tonight  Can't wait to watch you on LNSM
Bonne soirée cher Jimmy !!!je suis toujours impatiente de voir les prochaines émissions!!! C'est perfect j'adore des pensées positives et des 
Can you please have @StephenAmell or @EmilyBett on your show?? Sooner or later (sooner!)
UP NEXT:#mamashEa & @machinegunkelly @TheVampsband  @LukeHolland ASL and LiVE CONCERT. @PabstBlueRibbon half time showw style. #YAAS! 
I saw @davidblaine on Instagram putting a freaky ass spider in his mouth and that’s all I could take. Probably what he’s going to do tonight! NOPE! 
Time for you to get your mind blown again Jimmy! 
Yay! I LOVE you Jimmy 
Good afternoon sweetheart, show looks awesome already...and cant wait to watch u on Seth after...its double Jimmy tonight, and I love it
Jimmy brotha . how are ya
I love you Jimmy 
@PriyankaDailyFC @serenawilliams @priyankachopra @davidblaine can't wait to see Priyanka 
i can’t wait!
Can’t wait! David Blaine.. are you freaked out yet?  I love you Jimmy! 
Oh yeah Jimmy it going to be an awesome show tonight
Yesss! And see you later on @LateNightSeth 
I am excited for that too! I love when he and Seth do stuff together!
i love youuu 
super excited for this, and for you on late night with seth!! gonna be a great night 
Hey Jimmy it going to be an awesome show tonight
Niiice!
I love you jimmy hope you have a great show

Hadhtags????
Can’t wait!!
Cool!!
