Lol Fidelis is a Homecare attendant MedicAide agency by the way:) But the Best commercials are the ones with the great music like Hall & Oates,  or better, preview commercials of your show:)!
Huh? Are you okay? Are you really okay and happy?
Hey jim nuts whats goin on man
What are you talking about
ni idea de lo q comentas pero debe ser interesante ya q usas tanto espacio
?
Pizza commercial would have made your night. Am I right?
I think @kanyewest hacked your account. Change your password immediately. ;)
Huh?
Huh?

All I know is Winwood is a God
Thank you Jimmy I am so glad you updated me on all the commercials. WoW Europeans always miss out on all the fun. Thank you for including us 
Is @jimmyfallon okay?
K
I feel like he just kept hitting the middle button on his predictive text and this is what came up
HAHAHAHA
The whole avengers cast on Jimmy Kimmel and none em coming to your show?
Sometimes I get the butter vs Parkay commercial in my head
Are you drinking??  Hmmm maybe speaking Dutch?  Lol!!
Just listen to this as a wild card that is familiar and new:
nada q ver con lo q ud hablan pero soy fan fan  re-fan de Led Zeppelin.
Not to mention commercials about alcohol but nobody looks at least buzzed #tequila-drunk #whiskey-drunk #Vodka-drunk #beer-drunk
I have no idea what this says.
Thank you. I thought it was just me.
Are you drunk Jimmy?
I love it!!
Ha! Regional furniture store. You can take the boy out of the Northeast...
Ok I can die happy now @jimmyfallon  80’s Doritos
My favourite commercial at the moment is the new iPhone 8  because I love the song, music and all that Red, and its on! 
I love that song too. Do you know who sings it?
No but if anyone out their does know please share 
Thanks for the recap on all the commercials I missed!!
I'm too high for this.
no offence but can u commit to commercial reviews at least three times a week. I’m so entertained rn
Jimmy are you Irish?  I'm half Irish!  
 me haces reir!! Sos lo massss

I love your tweeting tonight Jimmy. I'm from Puerto Rico, can you follow me please.
Speaking in rewind?
My husband literally uses a bar of soap FOR EVERYTHING! Including his HAIR, no matter what product I buy for him!
Oookkk...your over tired maybe..go to bed
fallon hacked af lol
Nice 
You need injections?
What is wrong with Jimmy
You are tweeting so much Jimmy and i am loving it
Please do the wheel of impression with Ariana
Ellen voice always makes me happy
No, the OKC Thunder won!
You’re adorable!!
Thanks for watching the commercials for me, Jimmy.
Is Nancy watching with you?
Hi Jimmy!! They should make #FallonTonight commercial free so we get a full hour of the show!! 
you are precious cinnamon rolls jimmy 
drunk again ? No judgments

T
you’re literally so cute i love you
Your commercial reviews are great
I never knew seeing you review commercials was something I needed until now
Loving how you’re tweeting a lot..  have you ever thought about doing this the night Ariana comes on the show?
i love that car commercial 
i love your commercial reviews so much omg
you are literally so cute
you’re so cute 
