 omg Jimmy what are you doinggg  can’t wait to watch this!! #FallonTonight
hey at least you saved the top of the cake!
Hahahahaha!  THE. BEST. At least you saved the top cake. That is all that matters. 

i love the pratfall challenge omg
Hi jimmy its ricky dowrick  the artist tweeting.. west coast time 8:58 as of this post.  Enjoyed actor Anthony Mackie onward all nite .. Thanx for showing my eagle on the phone way back.  I like what you're doing ...keep it up...!
What a dreamboat. Amiright @tjansley???
Hey there Jimmy looks like a great show tonight
I LOVE YOU SIR
oh gosh. hahhaha. i cant wait. 
Hi Jimmy!!! I can't wait for #FallonTonight  It looks like it's going to be great!!
love it  can’t wait to see your pratfalls, Jimmy
OMG.  Kevin James.... in a prattfall challenge!?!?!?
THIS is going to be AWESOME!!! #FallonTonight
I love you Jimmy(:
It will be a great show night just like any other night
i can’t wait!!
Wow what happened
Lololololol one of my fav Kevin James he is super funny
Jimmy sucks! Not funny anymore!
I remember that Saturday Night Live skits from the 70's where people would fall and trip all the time.  People were actually making fun of President Ford, because he always tripped and fell everywhere
you save the important part of the cake. congratulations, wonderful prat fall,
Hahahahahahahahaha Kevin James!!!
this got me cracking up, thank you very much @jimmyfallon. A little laughter is all that i needed, you made my night.
Fallon you won...Cheetos was the best....funny skit
lol ..
Awesome just love him
Kevin James is trash. How does anyone think he is funny.
LMFAOOOOO
Hey,Jimmy! A kiss 
This will make me laugh beyond tears!!!
Jimmy, You are my favorite late night entertainer.
I learned that you are a Catholic numerous months ago. My son is a Priest. I do love you, and pray that you will stop saying OMG! I know everyone says this, but it is still taking the Lord's name in vain. You 
do this now, not
This has to be the worst late night show on. The monologue is the same stuff every night. Trump this Trump that. A little is funny but apparently your writers are not very good if that's all you come up with.
I love you guys! You make my night fun. God Bless You, Ali
Always save the cake #priorities
But he leaves you asking "why?"
That's hilarious!
<3 #falpal
@KevinJames Nothin but net baby! 'd #dontnevergiveup
Dumb question... but have you ever had @prattprattpratt on for this... seems logical...
OMG...this scares me...but so funny
One of the few #real #Funnyman left....Got to love him. #CHEERS
Nice catch 


Not even a little bit funny.

Oh boy! This is gonna be good!
Omg I would break my neck!
Oh yeah hi Jimmy it going to be awesome tonight
Oh man it going to be awesome tonight
Oh...thats hilarious


Have a good night Jimmy!

love you!!
hi jimmy!! i love you
