That was absolutely incredible!! Jimmy, you & Kevin were Amazing!! Just wonderful!!What a great week!!!
Hi Jimmy, just got up and tuning in( I hope live stream works) really want to enjoy this! 
Hi jimmy I love you 
What a time to be alive right now, Jimmy you are amazing! I love Kevin, and First Draft Of Rock is  #FallonTonight
ohmygosh, i love these!! i cant wait! 
Yaaassss...I was hoping you guys did another one...cant wait
YES!!!  I love First Drafts Of Rock
Oh yes Jimmy I will enjoy
i loooove your gifs! can’t wait jimmy!! 
You better, you bet! 
Wrong band.
Thank you  The Who? Guess who? 
Hi Jimmy!!! This is going to be great!!! I can't wait!!! 
ahhh this is exciting!! I LOVE U
Jimmy can you live tweet with us again?
Awesome! Have a great night Jimmy!
We turned you off during the #Trump bashing. #MAGA
We give it a try every night and then turn it off with the first Trump joke.
Same here.
I never knew Tony Orlando fronted the Guess Who
"Hungarian porn start!" Lmaoooo 
Soooo happy to see @MichaelBacon36 too!!!! #killedit
That was awesome Jimmy! 
Another trash show. Jay Leno has to be so disappointed that his former show has turned into this garbage.
Love it when you do stuff like this with kevin..watching the needle and thread trick again...im freaked out as much as I was last night
I love when you do these. Have a great night
LMAO  I CANT WAIT! @jimmyfallon I adore YOU & can never Thank You enough for the best REMEDY TO ALL Joy, Laughter, Fun & Happiness!! YOU MAKE THE UNIVERSE A BETTER PLACE I Hope to Meet you one day
check out my pinned, jimmy!!!

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
QQloc9KmmKKLMkmoo kKmKmkmon.  oov
.onono.  o.
Tap tap tataptap tap
Omg. Sooo amazing!!
That was hilarious!!  We need more of you singing Jimmy! Especially you and Paul Rudd! 
YOU‘RE SO TALENTED JIMMY 
Looks like an Anime character
Thank you from bzross ross fine art
Thank you bzross ross fine art
lol ...
Aw, c'mon, guys. You can't tell me you couldn't have slipped the word bacon in there somewhere!!! Still loved it, though. Kevin Bacon reminded me of one of those cavemen from the Geico commercials.
Some trivia. American Woman was written in the parking lot of a curling rink where the band had a gig. They went out for some "fresh air", started playing around and ta-da, a hit was born.
Best throwback Thursday I’ve heard in a long time~American Woman 
Just watch it, very funny.
Genius!
dear diary,why cant Michael cohen tell mom the baby sitter is dead? Baptist rivals momopolize t.v. spots this morning,similar to the spots on trumps mothers ass the black community all witnessed during a fire alarm inspection,they monopolize t.v. spots also,milton Bradley needed.
surely i'll enjoying your show
Guess who long overdue to be in @rockhall
Hillarious,,
Wow
Too strong ! What a great guy !
Oh!!!ça doit être super!!!
Idiot
Awesome Performance! How about a  “Dear Mr Fantasy” cover with @Noizey_Man ??? Omg! That would be FANTASY-TIC!
Hey jimmy my birthday is so close of being here and it would mean so much if you followed me!
Someone stole my dance moves!
Bill Cosby was once known as America's Dad

He still is, except for one letter.

Turn that first D into a C

There, that's much better.
Love this!!!!
Jimmy...Kev...have some shame
oh man that was great 
Brazilian locksmith 
#screengrabs
Classic musical comedy already
"Me" and the Bacon Brothers teamed up with...  (Me...teamed up with...?)

You are better than that. (The Bacon Brothers and I teamed up... )

I would greatly appreciate any help with donations or with simply sharing my cause ,thank you !
https://www.gofundme.com/nh-follicular-lymphoma …
https://soundcloud.com/jerseytherapper/j-cole-atm …
does that smell like this?
Ooh.... can't wait for that!!!
What A Powerful,Freestyle & Professional Tour!!!
@jimmyfallon: I watched the Bob Hope special on Netflix.  It made me wonder, who is the Bob Hope of our time... I think it’s you.. The jack of all trades... Minus the USO thing, but you did Band of Brothers so, WIN/WIN
Rhythm and blues man 
Cannot wait!!!
Would love some fallon and bacon !!
I can't wait. You seriously have brought smiles in a long, tough week. :) <3
How about having Burton Cummings on?
@baconbros 
:)
Cool
I don’t need your war machines. I don’t need yo ghetto scenes! :)
No thanks
i love everytime Kavin on show 
Don’t forget Payton?
This is gonna be good
I always love these, can't wait to see it!!

oooh !!!!!
