Your hair was good  #LateNightSeth
You look gorgeous Jimmy #LateNightSeth #Fallon  I love the hair evolvement  Seth looks the same! 
I have to say I love your hair through the ages, it is gorgeous 
Your hair needs a keeper, but #FalPals love every unruly inch of it!
Your hair is And always was gorgeous! It’s a subject That keeps popping up in every #FalPal conversation.. there , I let you in on our secret  Carry on..
But the eyebrows thoo on fleek.
No it wasn't. You and Seth were/are adorable.  
Thanks for live tweeting again.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon @LateNightSeth
Nooo...absolutely nott #LNSM
Ok But ? ‘)...
your Mick Jagger is the best jimmy! 
I  freaking out with  these SNL stories
I work security it’s my new swear word ‘)... Take Amy’sok k ok ‘)...
Ahaha Jimmy!!!c'est la folie ce soir avec les tweets 
you hair is finnneeeeee jimmy 
No Jimmy you look awsome and cute
No it was cool.. as my mom would say... that was the style !
Haha I think it looked great!! 
NOOO! it was cute!
omg i wish i could watch live with you!!!
Just so you know...you want to put more emphasis on the a in bad than you do the d!  ;-)  Love you, @jimmyfallon
Mhm
yes . @jimmyfallon is feeling fabulous
yeah it was, bitch.
OK  :)
AtFirst I thought he was going to say I’m going to call my aunt and then he said I’m going to comb my hair actually was you playing Trump on my channels that said that

Your hair is ALWAYS PERFECT BECAUSE @jimmyfallon IS COMEDIC PERFECTION
So basic. To worry about hair.....
Handsome!
No. You actually looked cute. 
You're perfection!!!! 
Oh, it's bad.
put a new color, type blue <3
Bet you don’t get called Phil Donahue .... we had ens/ fire/ police dealing with a stabbing in our building and a cop kept bringing people over to show them my ‘phil’ hair.  Time for another hair cut, I am starting to get called Phil again....
You’ve got great hair.
you mean like this 
#haileesteinfeld
It really wasn’t.
Yes it was
it was uhhhhh... how would you say it uhhh fantastic
Oh please your hair was perfect!
It wasn’t. Not THAT HAIRSTYLE, anyway....
Oh it was bad.
How can he host and tweet at the same time 
Beautiful little lamb.
I think your hair is HOT..messier the sexier!!! Its what I look at first when you come out!!

It’s ok we love you anyways
No, you were stylin...love the Mick impression  too
10 years ago, it wasn’t bad. But it makes a great story now! 
are you in the avengers?
Your right it could’ve been worse lol
i actually dig
You were cute then, you’re still cute now!!  
Gorgeous young boy!!
Love you
i love it. Grow it out
It was actually great! 
Those brows though
Yes it was sweetie
it suited the times 
let your hair grow!!
IT WAS GREAT

