That moment when Questlove walks out of the studio needs to become a GIF.
 Jimmy , you had me in STITCHES, nearly made me PUKE !! I took my que from @ questlove & left before the end of the shoot !! Not really , I stayed till the end , with my hands covering my eyes !! YOUR reaction was priceless, but also very CUTE !! 
That was Awesome !
I saw it last night and watched it again.  Missed some things!  It was just crazy!  @davidblaine you are just insane!
 
I haven’t laughed that hard in awhile...tears running down my face laughing!!! 
People, don't watch this on a full stomach!! Believe me!!  :-)  Wait few hours! I have never seen something insane like this!!!
Jimmy,Priyanka and all the rest -  you are brave people, but I suggest hypnotist to erase this memory. :-)
OMG I always lost it at the end!!
!!!!
This was the craziest shit I’ve seen on prime time television.  
@davidblaine can you make people disappear like the frog? 
@prinyankachopra looks gorgeous
@DavidBlaine #craycray #originalfreakeroutter #livehimbuthescaresme
Wat just happened
Damn. I love this guy
Watched again as I sit and wait for an oil change. Laughing so hard people are staring! That was amazing and hilarious!

https://www.change.org/p/we-want-to-see-trump-s-tax-returns …
You just had to rewatch coz you just missed an erotic scene:  4:36 to 4:40
Fox and Friends should be called Trump and Lies via Skype
Holy. Crap.
Lol...to say the least!!!! That all DID happen last night, right?!? Still shocked and laughing!!!
I was like @questlove 

I kinda just threw up in my mouth a bit, but that's not stopping me from watching it again 
The look on your faces were pricless..I was freaked out the whole time...and I enjoyed the SNL stories with Seth last night too
Good morning Jimmy!!He freaked me out too!!!Have an awesome day!!
Good Morning Jimmy 
It was…
Remember the normal times when he levitated?? He's taken it to a whole 'nother level since then!!
I was actually surprisingly completely unfazed all through the mouth trick until he had you touch the string  And then when he spit the frog up 
What is Ms. Chopra freaking out about!? This is common practice in India for religious celebration such as Taipusum Cavadee! Relax lady!
So disturbing! I would’ve been sneaking off with Quest Love.
So funny!!!!!! I love your show!!! 
What did he spit out into the glass?
Oh man! The whole time I just wanted you all to wash your hands. GROSS!!!
Wat Wat
WAT
I just threw up breakfast! .
I want some politicians  sewed their muoths too, that would make a better world
Good god. 
Wow, Jim Rose Circus.
wowser jimmy both me and my dog were amazed at the sewing card trick but the frog omg omg omg
i still cannot believe what david blaine did.... i’m.... i’m gunna be sick...
Magically Awesomely

Earn $400+up /mo just by driving where you already drive! Passive income at its easiest!
Good Morning JimmyAbsolutely crazy Happy Thursday
Unbelievable!!! The frog!!!!!!
That is what I need so I can start loosing weight Lololol
Jimmy giggling the whole time is classic Jimmy Poor @questlove 
Holy chit.. 
Thats pretty darn amazing!!
I’m still really freaked out by that...
A round of Xanax for everyone!
That is amazing,guy. I have no idea why he did this. Is that a drama or just for fun?
I prefer magic to S&M
Yes, but can he do the Skittles Challenge? 
That was crazy.
How's @questlove doing? Will he make it to the show today? Or is he still sick to his stomach? 
I honestly couldn’t watch
Hi, Jimmy! The frog thing, I can take. It's when he stitched his mouth that I almost fainted. It's like watching a horror movie. 
Very morbid, man!!!!... But I kept watching!!!!!.... Do I need therapy?
dayum.
. @jimmyfallon Live tweeting was lit! Thank youuu!  #TonightShow #proudfalpal
Morning Jimmy. All I can say is "Oh What A Night". One thrill after another, thank you. Feel the love.    #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
Oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god 
Good morning Jimmy, even the audience and we that were watching from home freaked out! He’s so clever!!
GOOOOOD MORNING, Fallon!!!
@questlove was out!! 
A classy WTF Moment 
SGLC
<3 #falpal

I was literally screaming man, HE SEWED HIS MOUTH WHATTTTT
what freaks me out is when u pulled that card from his mouth! i can't stop laughing Jimmy!   I envy u coz I should've done that to David 
WE WERE FREAKING OUT TOO, JIMMY!!!
Can he do that with Trump??
Good morning beautiful  I felt so sick watching this this morning  I don’t know how you all kept it together!  #FallonTonight
Why did you have to remind me? I was disturbed.
i’m still sick 
this man is always make other people laughs !!
#appreciate
I got slightly dizzy and my eyes crossed while watching this!
Hey am new
I just watched it!!  Absolutely nuts!  I’m impressed you held it together standing right there beside him.  I think I would have been gagging.

@BigSean       https://youtu.be/ve8DNag1sdg 
EW!!!!!!!!!!
Lovely Jimmy
i bet everyone freaked out too jimmy 
Good morning Jimmy 
Yeah!!
it didn’t freak me out as much as the frog thing! 2nd time he’s done it on the show and it still grosses me out!
Wow wow Jimmy that was crazy and it freaked me out too
Freaked out the TV audience too! I can't imagine seeing that live and in person
Love you!
JIMMY GET SOME REST AKJSKS
Thank you for following me! I love you 
That was awesome! 
nice!!
Jimmy why you up go back to sleep
That was mad crazy!!
