Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button ;)
Wow. Your fake laughs and expressions look almost real.  Nice job David
Super cool!!
Watched this live...omg!  @davidblaine is amazing, and @jimmyfallon is pretty awesome too! Haha!!!!! 
I could just by pass all this as i just got done with it now LOLOL
david blane on cocaine david blane is the only one left who can handle cocaine!
He is awesome
Nooooo! Not the card!!!!
Cashier: Debit or credit?

David Blaine: Needle and the thread.
Jimmy your facial expression though.
It would be a dream goal if I see a notification saying jimmy fallon followed you!
Needle and thread ...
Hey jimmy sorry to bother you but could you pls follow my friend @tattering it would mean so much to them they love your show and have been watching it for years now and it would mean so much if you followed them! 
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button 

Pls jimmy read this it would be a dream I’m a huge fan of your show!
Yeah,Yeaaah!!!
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button 
That was awful to watch!
Please let me be your 8,008 falpal you follow 
Pls jimmy if you ever sees this would you follow @tattering they are a huge fan of your show and have been supporting you for years now would you possibly see this!
Ahhh 
Can i be your 8003 follow??? Ily
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button!
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button 
Pls jimmy follow me my birthday is so close of being here :(
Pls jimmy follow me my birthday is almost coming it would mean allot to me pls jimmy
Pls jimmy follow me
anyone remember when he was on @CarsonDaly show and pulled out his heart? Still scarred from that...
Priyanka 

David Blaine has mesmerized me since I was a teenager!! (he was my first celebrity crush too Lol) I can't wait to see what he does tonight!! 


David Blaine is a hack..... Tricks are way too easy to figure out and he pays his plants to go along with the trick. This is all well known in magician circles.
David is so scary awesome..... Insane!!!
Awwe this culera just may have sumin special,  in a waay. 
Anywayz, we all love a true "mysic."  Keep @  it Bro !!         

@andrewxphilly
Whoa...He got out of the card trick!
If he could just make you disappear, now that would be great!!
Awww can’t see it here
He is amazing I've seen it before in your show.
I've seen David Blaine and he is an amazing Magiciant.
If it involves thread from his abdomen or needles through his hands or throwing up frogs I'll pass. I've seen all these and they gross me out. Regular card tricks I'm good.
@davidblaine is turning into Jeff Goldblum, Could be worse.
you are the actual cutest ily
I love David Blaine!!! #FallonTonight
Anybody remember those David Blaine rape allegations?
He always looks so STONED #hahaha #LOL

Before I watch, is it gross?
I can't wait to watch Jimmy!!! He always amazes me with what he does!! 
Oh David Blaine! Wow I haven't seen him in foreverwicked
Oh man...i hyped and lil scared of David...but cant wait for this...omg
How much were you freaked out tonight
 loveeee magic tricks!! And I love your reactions  can’t wait to watch it!!  #FallonTonight
jimmy, your laugh is so effing precious. i cant handle it YOU ARE SO CUTE
Omggggf

What!!!!! Omg this is going to be awesome
love you jimmy! i can’t wait!
Whattt!!! Really omg I cant wait
Hiiiiii...
Wtf
I'm in love with him. That's all! 
was just thinking about you!
Have an awesome night Jimmy!

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
This is gonna be gooooodddddd

