 what a guy.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
I tuned in just in time! Yay Jimmy! 
You are high?
You won of course, always, you’re the best. I love yooooUUuUu #FallonTonight 
You are always a gentleman Jimmy!!
My friend choked and died after you suggested trying this
Hahahahaha  OMG YOU Swallowed all those skittles what is going onnn  #FallonTonight
Probably not that hard for @lilxanfuhyobih
Priyanka always wins  #FallonTonight #Quantico

I’m going to practice this when I get to work! ##FallonTonight Jimmy you are a born winner 
you chew so cute. omg.
Spitters are quitters
Go Jimmy!!!
Most. Delicious. Challenge. Ever. @Skittles #SkittlesChallenge #FallonTonight
Jimmy you are the best. I love you.
*won*? 
hahhahahahah.
Especially when it’s the sour kind! 

fantastic
She let you win jimmy 
<3 #falpal
Choking hassard for non professionals. Don’t try it kids only those professional and experienced should compete. Jimmy always good idea to have paramedics near by when working with a skilled skittle chewer.
true sports man spirit
I hate Priyanka Chopra  ...I hate looking at her face...her general cheerfulness is Disgusting...and her Dumb British Indian accent, gimma a break 
Not surprised.  Indians love putting each other down. 
#fact.
Reeeooowwww!!! 
P.S. I like Mindy Kaling and many other Indians . Chopra just rubs me wrong - comes off as a little entitled. I'm sure she's a decent human and all - just not a fan.
That doesn't mean u have to call her shit. Anyway to each his own.
i got tmj. I tried but it hurt my jaw too much
Should have chose m&m's
Someone please take the bottle of wine from jimmy lol 
pffffy please! (don’t) try chewing 15 hard jolly ranchers! it was a (horrible) great experience!
Wow ! Nice job to the both of you that didn’t look easy
 skittles

Listen to my new song "Purple Hearts" ft lilnappyboi  follow my IG : mightyjoeee if you like it                                                      https://soundcloud.com/oey242/purple-hearts-ft-lil-nappy-boi-prod-by-xtravulous …
@jimmyfallon  Ax Master and Skittles Master you are on fire Jimmy!! 
Sounds like a choking hazard. Not going to try that!
you wonnnnn!!!!!! 
I was actually jumping up and down with you guys!!! Lol
Damn someone's got some jaws of steel. My jaw gets fatigued after 3 skittles. More than 5 and I can't feel my face. lol
Yup agreed
Hi sir visit ladakh
Hahahaha nice
It very easy I love Skittles
Jimmy you are getting as twitter as D Trump
it looks so hard omg whaat
My teeth would fall out lol
Are you drunk bro?
You mean the world to me... 
Mi amorrrrr
