Where is the announcement
I need to see @ArianaGrande how do I pls help @scooterbraun @FallonTonight @FallonTix
Omg  I want to gooo. I know there's standby tickets but you have to wait out super early and I'm not sure how many they give out but they start giving them out at like 9 I think
There’s no way there will be standby tickets :(
I know someone who got in when cardi cohosted but there weren't a lot of standby tickets, she just made it
The fan bases are so diff though
True true
I was really confused cause I could not figure out if it is 9am or 8am in the US
Ariana will be on the show 
GRANDE AND FALLON ARE READY TO GO
Were you actually trying to drive all your #FalPals insane? Adrenaline is rushing so hard right now... 
Is it a new album?
His last album was crap
At 8am I’ll be in bed with my hand in my pants making sure she’s still alive.
For the people who like you and don't have Instagram, can you share what is it about over here?
ok James.
New baby
The lipgloss filter totally made it perfect! You should consider wearing it! #arianaonfallon
JIMMY. it’s 8am and i am crazy and nervous and omg........
I’m ready, Pal!! 
Is it the return of #ThisWeekInWords?
Pleeeeeeeez follow me AND TWEET instagram post cuz Twitter is all I have for now. Check my profile. You're on my bucket list #8:00amIGannouncement
Invite @NICKIMINAJ on the show
Just woke up and saw the announcement...im so excited for #ArianaonFallon!!!
Wonder what...
Good morning, early bird! I am curious!
The next 35 minutes are gonna be awful!
As usual 
Ha! I hope he's not too sore from all of those Moroccan hip thrusts! 
Waiting!
ahhhh i am intrigued.

@ArianaGrande on #FallonTonight?
Amazing! We love @ArianaGrande!!!  #FallonTonight
Bonjour cher Jimmy   , des bisous de France
:O
صباح الخير
I missed it.   I don't get up until 9am

Leno taking over again?
I don’t have Instagram!!!
Im here and ready....very excited
Good morning sweetheart, can’t wait for this announcement!!
Hope it involves Beyonce or Britney.

Justin in tired yo
20 minutes..
Good morning Jimmy  I can't wait 
Ooo! What could it be?!
You finally have movement in your ring finger?  Oh please tell me you haven't hurt yourself again?
Exciting!
I love surprises! But I love you more. 

Calling it now... The History of Rap Tour with @jtimberlake and #WillSmith?
I didn’t think we finalized me coming on as a guest?

how exciting! I have a few ideas what it could be, but I don’t want to guess 
In order to avoid any scandals, you are announcing that @sethmeyers will take over the show in 5 years?
Keep asking. Too busy to play kazoo with The Roots
album drop? i think yes!!
ahh i’m so excited
oh my god if it’s a new comedy album -

PLS SAY ITS AN ALBUM BITCH
what what what???!!!
Good morning beautiful  I hope you are not too sore this morning? Looking forward to your big announcement, it will be 1pm our time! 
Sore?? What did I miss? I slept through my alarm this morning but can’t wait for this announcement!
Pratfalls with Kevin.. 
I remembered right after I posted it! 
Running for president? 
Retirement? 
That you aren’t gonna talk politics anymore?
It's already 12.26 here....
Good morning Jimmy! 
Jimmy, what if I don’t have Instagram? Can you tell us the news on Twitter too? #prettyplease

ARIANA GRANDE WEEK????
Noooooooo, tell me here and nooooooow.
Morning Jimmy. I'll be working so I'll miss it, sorry. Have a magical day and feel the love.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
Ok @jimmyfallon! 
Ahhhhhh I AM SO EXCITED!!!
Your going to Beat Up Kimmel! Yessssss
You’re coming to Chicago?! 
What? OMG! Jimmy you are making me nervous!! 
"I love everybody, everybody is my favorite..."...That's possible Jimmy?
OMG IS IT @ArianaGrande
Im just going to bed now so i will missin the big announcement.. Zzzzz
What’s your time zone j
Im not going to look just because of this.
a very Trump tease...WTF
I can’t wait!!
me and my other half are planning to come to NYC at the end of November/ first week of December for our 3 year anniversary... don't wanna hook us up with some tickets to your show?
I hope it's a good news Jimmy
Yay! Good morning Jimmy!!
I’M SO EXCITED AHHH
You’re coming to Australia for a show and then you’ll swing by my house for dinner. That’s the announcement right?
coming to Australia, yes please! 
I am sensing new album or standup 
OMG JIMMYYYY 
So early.
What?? 
Oh boy!!!  Can’t wait to find out!
Love you Jimmy! 
And I can’t wait!!
OMG
