i'm a little hoarse today, hon!
Blotus got your tongue?
No, but he’s sure living in your head rent-free
My condolences to you for having to sit through an interview with Roseanne.Nails down a chalkboard.
what made you wake up and choose to be a rude bitch to roseanne for no reason?
Liberals hate people who are no liberals.
Very openminded...NOT
Skipping this one..... go home Roseanne.
Sorry you missed it... Roseanne was extremely fun to watch.
Good morning! Roseanne such a legend! I love her! Have fun today Jimmy, I love you!!
Roseanne? Sorry … NOT gonna be there … 
You won’t be missed.
Roseanne MAGA tonight!
I think I’ll tune in for @therealroseanne   Maybe she can teach you how to be funny again.
First time watching @jimmyfallon in a long time have to see @therealroseanne 
Great! Good morning Jimmy! Happy Monday! 
Don't forget to fluff her hair.
. she, @therealroseanne was such a cool guest .. and looks hip and beautiful .. thanks for having her on #Roseanne   
Jimmy Teeeee amooooooo 
Love her @therealroseanne
Good morning beautiful, looking forward to the fun and games this week  excited to seeing Mr Hale, and Miguel.  See you later and I love you 
Love Roseanne but I don't watch ANY late night "comedians".  None of you are funny.
Good morning Jimmy 
Good morning sunshine, its gonna be a fun week cant wait Have a beautiful day Jimbo
And just as Fallon said he felt bad for going easy on Trump and normalizing his behavior/ideas, he brings on Roseanne to give her horribly skewed and intolerant ideas a platform. We can't let this behavior be normalized #NotNormal
#POTUS2020 
I’ll watch again when Rosanne is NOT a guest
Best line of the night, Roseannes response when asked about controversy that she supports and voted for Trump "I don't give a fuck"
Will be watching for Roseanne
Soooo fun!!! Have a great day Jimmy! You make my days bright along with #FallonTonight I love U all soooo much!!
Are you going to rub Roseanne’s hair and then months later apologize for doing it?
Want to watch this only for @therealroseanne. Will be good to see what the two of you will talk about. Can only be good and funny 
Good morning Jimmy,how are you? I hope you had a great weekend
Have a nice day
Hard pass.
Hard pass. 
Hi Jimmy happy Monday!!! I LOOOOOOVE YOU SOOOOOO MUCH!!! 
Get ready I'm going to kill it!! Oh wait you mean the other famous and talented Miguel my bad he's good too tho
Good morning James, can’t wait for this new show and  monologue rehearsal, have a nice day! 
I can't wait Jimmy  I  U 
Maybe I will watch tonight? First time for everything.
Good morning Jimmy happy Monday to you it going to be a great show tonight
Great awesome good morning Jimmy happy Monday 
Have a wonderful day Jimmy ! 
Roseanne is the ONLY reason to watch this ignorant man’s show
Happy Monday Jimmy. Great line up. Have a beautiful day and don't forget to feel the love.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
Hi Jimmy 
I’m excited for tonight jimmy
good morning jimmy i love you
Don’t you mean therealnazi?! I’ll be skipping tonight’s episode.
Seriously?If you're referring to @therealroseanne  you couldn't be more reprehensible, shes a Jew. Her paternal grandfather changed his surname from "Borisofsky" to "Barr" upon entering the US. Her Jewish upbringing was influenced by her devoutly Orthodox Jewish grandmother.
Nope #Never Roseanne.
It must get tiresome for you and your writers to come up with insults and bashings for our #POTUS. It was a breath of fresh air to have a guest on that is supportive of our president (Roseanne Barr) used to be a big fan, unfortunately no more. It’s getting old, and tiresome.
Bought Roseanne season 10 on Apple TV for only $20!
I will watch tonight only because Roseanne will be on. Jimmy please stop bashing the president of the United States. It’s unpatriotic,Go the way of Roseanne and Kanye be a leader in late-night talk shows ...abandon the liberals.
Always hated late night talk shows then u came along n just had to change that.cany wait to watch u n Roseanne tonight.ur both craZy funny.
First time your show will actually be good again.....
Happy Monday to you Jimmy 
Hi, Jimmy! I love you so much. 
Your fan base is amazing! How dare you invite someone with a different opinion than theirs!!! So tolerant! So embracing! So non-bullying! So for women!
Good morning Jimmy!! I can't wait for the show later!! Have a great day!!! I love you!! 
Yaasss @MrTonyHale i love him so much he's hilariousssss and @Miguel is amazing! What a great show can't wait to watch it ! 
Jimmy why
Have @kanyewest on your show pls
You really don’t want me to like you again, huh?  Be sure to ruffle her hair and gloss over how her rhetoric broke America, bro.
Hi jimmy I love you sooo much
love you
Good morning Jimmy, have an awesome day!
you are really going to give her air time?
Jimmy, I don’t watch your show, disagree with your politics, you are very talented, don’t waste it on the sheep message. Maybe Roseann gave you something to think about! She speaks the truth, free speech for all people, not just libs!
Good for you for standing up to him. It's a free country and we should all be able to vote the way we want without ridicule and bashing! You rock! @therealroseanne
You did a great job @therealroseanne, as usual! You also looked great! How do you do it?
I Love Roseanne she is the best
Roseanne needs to be the comic at the next White House correspondents dinner, The "journalists" Will be hiding under the tables
She’s the best!!!! #Trump2020
Tuned in just to watch Roseanne!
Omg! I love it! "I don't give a f*ck!" Hilarious
Goooood morning! Have a fantastic day and a fantastic show!
and tomorrow miss Grande !!! #ArianaOnFallon #FallonTonight
I'M SO EXCITED FOR ARIANA GRANDE !
Are you going to play with Roseanne’s hair, too?
OMG Roseanne, your look on JF tonight is so great!! Outfit, hair and make-up, such a good look! (Jealous I want to know where you get the clothes and wish i could look that great lol.) BTW I totally tweeted @THEsaragilbert as soon as the sketch w/JG aired and said DO IT! <3 #MRGA
Fail!
You looked gorgeous on Fallon!
"You are a national treasure!
Please do not ever change !!!"
You were rude to @therealroseanne.
Stay away from politics Jimmy
U stay away from politics then Rosanne again? U were the ONLY late night I watched. Drifted a bit, but always come back to U. Heard YOU invited trump talk with her? Really? Repubs are lovin U on Twitter now! I try not to be petty. Glad I didnt watch her, wont watch U now. Done.
I know that sounds really petty & childish, but we all have out lines. You crossed it. SO disappointing in what I am hearing. (and its been very little) Whatever you did tonight, you have a new fan base. Guess who it isnt? Petty? Yeah. I'll own it!
wow i am exercising  my humour bone to be prepared for this laugh-a-thone

hard pass
Jimmy, ‘Hey Kitty Kitty’ is a hit song in Houston in the grown folk clubs.  He’s singing to a woman not a cat! His album cover is wack though!
The fakest laughs incoming
only recording it because @therealroseanne is on.
And..... hopefully a night where you don’t intentionally undermine the president of the United States with your stupid monologue fed to you by the Democratic Party
So glad to be able to make it to the amazing taping today!! Totally dream come true to an amazing NYC birthday week!
Did you have to “eat the pain” Jimmy?  It would make sense why your fingers have been so messed up.

Replying to you 
Damn if I wasn’t gonna give dipshit more ratings I’d tune in lol
Are you going to come full on #TrumpDerangementSyndrome Jimmy? It's so tiresome like #MichelleWolf roast. So fucking predictable. And then there he was RobReiner right on target saying how great it was! You all are the deplorables, not  Trump Voters. #BernieWasCheated @robreiner
sounds good...well... too bad no one will see it because your on your show...
The barrell is getting pretty empty, Jimmy.

FIRST RULE OF COMEDY: Don't do this. 

LIKE/SHARE/POST 
ARTIST: @anikaaaamusic
PRODUCER: @ajistall
https://soundcloud.com/anika-k/alone-prod-tmhwks …
YUK!
Can't wait for tomorrow @ArianaGrande 
Roseanne Barr..
Hi JIMMY have lovely & funny afternoon.Take care of you.Hugs & love!
Happy Monday!!! Jimmy 
Great Monday cher Jimmy 
The one late night comedian who can still claim the  name! I'll watch!
Sorry Jimmy could not watch your show with @therealrosanne.Since she grabbed her Crotch and Disgraced Herself and America with Her HORRENDOUS version of The National Anthem ,NOT GONNA WATCH
Be nice to Roseanne today.  She reminds me of my mom. 
O mankind, worship your Lord, who created you and those before you, that you may become righteous - 
(#Quran 2:21)
Fuc* off
Try to be funny tonight.  Very lacking since you left SNL.    ACTUALLY YOU ARE HORRIBLY UNFUNNY NOW.
Thank you, Jimmy for bringing us entertainment worthy of us 5 nights a week~~
Love you Jimmy, can't stand to watch Roseanne anymore.  Hypocrites, who completely change their views to make themselves more relevant, are really not entertainment that's fun to watch.  I'll tune in tomorrow.
Yesss,Whooo!!!
Just one more reason not to watch @jimmyfallon
https://www.gofundme.com/5h776kw :?
Good Morning Jimmy! Sounds like a GREAT show! 
Funniest late night show ever!!! Keep it up!
Say hi jimmy
Bad mouth Trump to Rosie - go ahead I dare ya! One of the few celebs who don’t agree with you!!
Why tho??
Cool looking forward to it.
Good morning Jimmy
Will you invite bts to your show,sir?
I’ll be sure to definitely not watch!
I love @therealroseanne but I'll pass on watching her on the "Jimmy Fallin" down the television ranks!. #LoveTrumpsLiberalsHate.
Good morning  have a great day!
Yep
Ask her about the second rule of comedy
Jimmaayyyy
