Tonight - the great @ralphmacchio! #CobraKai #CraneKick #FallonTonight 
Aww! 
Nice

Goddamn he looks exactly the same.
Looking forward to this in Atlanta!! @WilliamZabka
Get @WilliamZabka on the show!  #johnnywasthegoodguy
Not fair, I only had a fake one and the action figures and all sorts of posters on the wall, autographs
hello my dear fan.
I m saif kaes razu
from Bangladesh.
phazemore1982@gmail.com FOR SER INQ
We watched our hero, turn into a jerk.
Fond memories ! Funny! Out of the blue, didn’t have a clue, just had to play the song. Pete Cetera 
Agree!
That’s gorgeous! Thank you 
Has @ralphmacchio aged at all??
I see
This makes me soooooo happy. @ralphmacchio never ages!!!!!! 
hi
I'm so excited, fathom events is playing the original karate kid in the movie theater on Wednesday 4/25 and then right after the movie showing the first 2 episodes of Cobra Kai.
Cool headband
Ralph Macchio is such a nice person.  My favorite movie of his is The Outsiders.  Jimmy you could be brothers you have the same vibe. 
I met Ralph at comic con. Awesome dude!
He still wears his original thong too
“Sweep the knee “! But Sensei....
I purchased one and still have to this day.
Holy hotness!!! 
That was really cool. I cheered with the audience and almost woke up my kids :P
Love it!! #fantastic 
My sponsor, Jennifer Bodmer- Fontana, went to High School with “Johnny”, William Zabka!!  Wow!  Who would’ve thought that watching The Karate Kid in my living room back home in Austin, Texas way back then???!!!  LOL
My NA sponsor.....
I’ll be tuning in tonight!
My sponsor,Jennifer Bodmer- Fontana, went to High School w William Zabka!!!
In Barney Stinson's voice: I hate Ralph Macchio!
Just watched the classic original with my boys last week. So many great quotes! Excited for the return of #CobraKai

Sweep the leg

Actors and musicians had to fight for years to be considered serious artists, and now they go on your show to look ridiculous.
@Nateburg98
How old is Ralph Macchio? He still looks very similar to his karate kid days.
I challenge him to an ice breaking contest for it!!!
Best purchase ever #jealous
Omgee 2 of my favorite actors/hearth throbs - Anthony Mackie AND Ralph Macchio in the same show?!!. And Daniel San looks so good!! 
KK feels ages ago. A precious part of many’s childhood. Thanx for bringing Ralph into your show, Jimmy
Anyone know if this film coming to the uk nothing showing on our cinema website ????
I think it’s supposed to be a series on YouTube
Oh I was thinking it was a film
When does he get to be 'Karate Man'?

https://paypal.me/pools/c/8309luxNfc …
Nice love it but LETS DO IT FOR JOHNNY 
That's awesome, really awesome
He's like the same age.
Heard my album yet, Jimmy Fellon?
10 year old me:
Awesome show today
So you're skits #slimfelon you express that.
Yep That's It Right There.
Sweep the leg!!
This was a good touch
Hey jimmy, Please check out a band called Bad Mary, Please,Please Please Please Please Please Please Please. I Love you, as a person, and a man You are the Best!!!!
HOW
DOES
HE
STILL
LOOK
EXACTLY
THE
SAME
Did you wax on, wax off??? #classic #migthavehadacrushonRalphMacchio
I love you
Thanks for ruining the surprise
@ralphmacchio has literally been the same age since I had his posters all over my walls in 1982, what magic is this?
Poor @jimmyfallon 
He's so disappointed there's NOT GOING TO BE a War with #NorthKorea now thanks to @POTUS Trump 
#Liberals can't stand it!
#LiberalismIsAMentalDisease
Ah my first crush
Just tuned in Jimmy!!
Bonsai!
YASSSS!!!!!
https://twitter.com/YungReedMOBH59/status/987294521519149056?s=19 …
@YungReedMOBH59  ud
https://youtu.be/9eQo19MqrUQ 
He has literally never untied that knot, I can personally verify 
Did moths really fly out???

Great interview!!!

@adrianaaldamaa get ur mans
LMAOOOOO fuck off he looks good
That is AWESOME!  I want one!  Actually, I just might want the Karate Kid to be my bodyguard.
How can anyone deny the fact that Johnny should've won? Daniel-San won on an illegal kick to the face.
My sponsor, Jennifer Bodmer- Fontana, went to High School w William Zabka!  Daniel- Son’s nemesis!!
Sweep the leg!
We miss Miyagi...
I loved that movie, and also Elisabeth Shue 
My childhood 
I’m so excited for the show tonight! Can’t wait! #CobraKai #FallonTonight
I love karate
Sweep the leg, Jimmy!
The kid does not age!!
I trained in the same dojo they filmed at, it was in North Hollywood.
The karate kid Is fucking 56 years old.  Damn we're getting old quick!!
This reminds me of my childhood.
Sweet!  And Wow, doesn't he look exactly the same?  Like does he age??
I had to double take that it wasn’t you Jimmy
Yo that so coolll
I literally would wear that to the grocery store with pride! #waxon
What store?
Any store. The mall, work, to check my mail, to the gym.
Awesome!
Daaaaamn. @ralphmacchio does not age!! I need to know what fountain of youth he’s dippin’ in to!
Coolbeans!
OMG i love him
Guy does not age
Dude is frozen in amber
See Jimmy Fallon knows if you wanna find a way to get a slow dance with Blake Lively you gotta be friends with Ralph Macchio who was friends with Robyn Lively in Karate Kid 3 who is Blake's sister.  #FallonTonight #CobraKai
He's in this episode of Entourage also. It's absolutely hilarious.

Sweep the leg! #BigMeanie
Hopefully, host next season @nbcsnl 
wax on wax off
He’s still hot!
Hi Jimmy!!! I can't wait to catch up on #FallonTonight 
Ooohh very exciting
Wow, I remember watching the karate Kid when it first came out. Such an awesome movie!
Who remembers this guy?! (Hong Kong phooey, we all know sir Ralph)
#1superguy
Follow me
Why? You're not a real person.
hope you’ve had a good day! :)
That’s cool! looking forward to watching!
HAHAHAHAHAHA
can he karate kick the anxiety out of my life
That cool jimmy

Awesome
Have a great night Jimmy!

