.@DavidBlaine sewed his mouth shut and freaked out me, @PriyankaChopra, and everyone in the audience. It was awesome. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82QbMrg2HoI … #FallonTonight
you've seen alot happier lately. Im glad you and seth both.
jimmy that was nasty.when you held the bloody needle i thought that would of been the hardest part.
His mouth sewing card trick was hysterical until he coughed up something and drank it down.  YUCK!!!!
bonne journée cher Jimmy c'était exceptionnel ce sketch!!!de France 
I dare him to freak @serenawilliams out 
Hello JIMMY http://darling.You  can't imagine how much your follow made me HAPPY last night,so THANK YOU again.Have a lovely Thursday.Take good care of you!
I'm changed forever.
That's crazy and entertaining, I work alot of guys needle and thread that's a interesting idea, would solve a few things
Super freak...super freak...lol
kill your self
He is mind-blowing
I agree. David Blain is very funy. I like when he is on the show. He swolow frog... EW!!!!!
Frogs have been wondering why there population is decreasing. They don't know they are being transported to a parallel universe of #DavidBlaine
Omg!  David Blaine was awesome. He creeps me out but he’s great.
Good morning Jimmy!! I still can't believe this and I have no idea how you were able to watch it! 
@jimmyfallon “freaked out me”?
I am sorry to say I disagree. David Blaine made me sick. Literally. I vomited after watching him at the end of the show. Not at all funny. Caught me off guard. I will never watch him again.
Get him to come back for the Ariana show next week!!! Insane
Oh! I know he did! I could see that. Insane in the Blaine! 
He is truly unbelievable! I love when you have magicians on!

OMG!   Amazing!   Can't wait to catch the tour....
Hilarious
I love watching everyone else’s reactions to David. He is a crazy genius magic man. 
FUN
Fear inducing , Unique and Noice
yes Davud Blaine is fun and more
Seriously, that was crazy, and gross!!! But I couldn’t stop watching. And then at the end David chocked up all that thread... aahhhhhhh
Hey jimmy I've watched your fallon show for years now and had laughs and been supporting yah for long time now and it would mean allot if you followed me!
This was next level insane..my gosh...and I still have no idea how he does these thing..wow
Haha
Totally freaked me out too Jimmy!! 
That was pretty disgusting to watch,honestly. Quest had the right idea, to get away from him.
Could he magically make his ticket prices affordable. Probably too big of a trick even for The Blaine
Yes, in a Twilight Zone.... :-)
Just by reading this, I do no want to watch him do this. 
mejor para toda la humaniad,no crees q ser "fun" es saludable para la salud de todos.yo si,la gente q vive amargada  se enferma mas
Great show! Thanks for being entertaining, your competition... um... isn’t.
I had to cover my eyes! EW!
pls bring robert on the show and lsb please
See David Blaine live, get your tickets online at http://www.primeseatz.com 
He's a lot of fun at parties
Insane!!! 
Wouldn't it be great if you could too, sew your mouth up. All the mocking you do is coming back to bite you. Rather than being politically lobsided with a liberal agenda , more people might listen to your comedy, if it was just that, comedy.

But how that's all I have to ask is how  my mind is blown
Love your show, you are so funny. David Blaine is the best. Mesmerizing. Pat
..and "fun" is your life!  Under my picture in HS yearbook eons ago:  "Some think the world is made for fun, and so do I".  Could be your motto too!  xo
I just want to know if the frog is okay?? @davidblaine can you confirm??
Earn $400+up /mo driving where you already drive!
David Blaine is CRAZY!!!

Madness!
Watched last night, was that a frog???? That was freaky!
Your idea of enjoyment is disturbing.
Just watched it on  utube you've gotta hand it to him , he's most definitely one of a kind !
I wonder how popular he is at parties? Especially of he pull out the needle and thread
Hi Jimmy! Was it fun getting freaked out again!?  Look forward to seeing this later 
That is a GROOVY...crazy...magician!
Good morning!!! Was so awesome to  watch.
This was so intense last night, the look on your faces were priceless!
If sewing your mouth shut is fun, I wish my ex girlfriend liked to have more fun.

Just kidding, I don't have an ex
I just rewatched this And it is still freaking me out! You were there man, standing next to him! How did he do it?? Noticed anything?? Nah, you were too busy freaking out yourself.. 
You sure had as good time with him.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
Still waiting our picture!!! 
I imagine he is fun ... but in such a freaky way! Your reactions were classic! 
Indeed, Jimmy and he is cringeworthy as well.
But can he walk on water? Turn water into wine?
Good morning Jimmy 
he is insane
Yes he is. But watching you react to his craziness is more fun 
oh really
He’s one of the best magicians around! 
Did Priyanka get a good video? Or does it look like a remake of Blairwitch Project? 
Omg he is but I don't know does questlove agress
He is creepy and scary.
hes literally the best magician
It had me cringing  and you had me LMAO @jimmyfallon 
That was a crazy crazy awesome magic performance...
David Blaine is awesome and crazy at the same time
Hi Jimmy yes David Blaine is fun and awesome
I just watched this...well I looked away for some of it but still I watched it
Excited for tuesdayy
i love you jimmy!!
good morning jimmy
He is insane, oh my God
i love you!
He’s such a professional!!
