If @serenawilliams throwing an ax isn’t enough to make you stay up tonight.... wait until you see @davidblaine‘s magic trick. @priyankachopra and I are bonded for life. #FallonTonight 
Can’t wait Jimmy I’m so excited 

i love you jimmy!!!
im literally legitimately gonna get YOUR NAME tattooed on MY BODY if you follow me king of comedy and late night
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button?!
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button :)

OH. MY. GOD!!!!  I can't wait to see this. Your reactions are ALWAYS priceless Jimmy!!!!
Oh no I cant wait
i love you so much!
I could hardly watch it through the TV.....much less the thought of seeing it LIVE...and then A FROG...... UUFFFTTTTAAAAA!!!  ~Ephesians 2:10
Why is Jimmy grabbing his eyebrows? 
Yikes!!!
Ha! Love the reactions
All I see is Priyanka!!
my cousin and I were dying while he was doing that! Had so much fun today btw. 
Pls jimmy follow me my birthday is coming up so soon and it would mean allot 
I can't stop looking at Tarik's face 
Pls jimmy my birthday is coming up so soon and it would mean allot if you followed me pls come thru!
Pls jimmy follow me my birthday is coming up so soon and it would mean allot 
That's amazing

I did ask you to warn me James. I'm gonna FF the Blaine section of your show if you don't mind. What's wrong with the ball and cup trick or separating the metal rings? He was up in that box in London way too long.
Do Not try this at home haha good grief! 
Yes I can’t wait to see this I would have loved to have been live
I your show and all the laughter it brings me
@davidblaine can’t wait to watch it 
Help us and RT @jimmyfallon!!! As a volunteer @LehmanHighLobos  I was wondering if @netflix would be willing to donate a 1 year subscription to one of our @LoboClassof2018 graduates heading off to college as a gift making their transition a little easier? #longtimecustomer #LOBOS

Oml
No....

Would be impressed if he sewed the sparkly blouse
I just love everyone reaction to this
dude is a weirdo

Ew.
I don't believe in magic but David sometimes make me doubt my instinct.
OMG!
Whaaaa??!!

rip vine //@v2app 
I love your reaction  I can see you’re losing your mind here
OMG!!! 
Yikes!  #FallonTonight
I can't wait to see what he does! 
NOOOOO
This will be awesome..
can’t wait for tonight!!
