Thank you so very much Jimmy for the Joy of watching you & Kevin James Last night~ my precious family & I laughed so hard~ I needed the laughter this week so thank you so much!!!
THANK YOU so much dear Jimmy for This awesome Reply!!! I Love You!!!Yes! You & Kevin we’re Both Hilarious As Always!! Can’t wait to see tonight’s show too!! 
Congrats De’a  this is so awesome! 
Thanks sweet Celia!!! I’m so ecstatically Happy!!!! Love you both!!!!
 ya me rio para no llorar 
Jajaja me dio risa a mi también  es una genia jaja
Dai es una genia! Es verdad!!
Jajaja si 
Every night is great Jimmy!!!! 
Ahhh De’a!!!!!! @DeaGig139 Congrats!! 
Thanks sweet Cath!!! I’m so Happy!!! Love you both!!!

follow my friends jimmy please please please  @ladybaelish_ and  @falpalArgentina 
You and I have very different definitions of funny.

Every night is fantastic Jimmy! 
jim, lets be honest, every night is good 
His Netflix new comedy show is awesome!  Good, clean fun!  @KevinJames! Laughter, the best medicine.  Maybe Ronny Jackson shoild dole some out.
Will this ever happen?
We love some two wild and crazy guys!
Jimmy! Will you be watching Seth's show tonight?
Omg so funny
That pratfall challenge was hilarious last night!! I hope you're okay Jimmy!! You and Kevin must be sore today!
your cheetos fall was the best 
I love you!
Your both great at the physical comedy stuff,  wonder what's up tonight
Kevin is so funny,you 2 together....a belly buster!but I think it’s time for a new history of hip hop with Justin!
Send J.T my love and sorry I missed his show in vegas(so sad)I used to dance with one of his choreographers Eddie Morales,he’s the s...!love those segments to death!
whats better lemon or lime
Hey jimmy your show is the best thing to watch it’s so funny and intertaining and it would mean allot if you ever clicked my follow button! It would mean if I was in your following list will this ever happen?

Fav color?
PLEASE JIMMY IM BEGGING OF YOU LET ME BE THE 8,008 FALPAL YOU FOLLOW 
are you going to see infinity war?
I was at the show tonight! I was in the pink shirt lol I love you
Can’t wait! Have a good night!
i love you please follow me aaah
Jimmy Kevin was hilarious omg I couldn't stop laughing
i can’t wait!!!
Yes! Can’t wait for tonight!!

follow me I LOVE YOU KING
