#MySuperpower would be to always get the right amount of toothpaste on my toothbrush every time
#MySuperPower
My super power would be able to take all the calories out of "sweets" and turn them into fat burners!
My superpower would be: having the ability to predict the past.
I'm conflicted too I love them both but inevitably when I buy the crunchy half way through the bag I'm wishing they were puffs... lol
#mysuperpower would be to know if my boyfriend is mad at me wiithout having to ask him a million times 
I'd have the power to turn my legs into ghost legs so I wouldn't have to get up when someone was trying to walk passed my seat at the movies or an event. Just walk through me, bro. It's cool. I got ghost legs. #MySuperpower
Why does this make me die? I can’t stop laughing 
Caller ID allows us to see who's calling, my superpower would allow me to see WHY they're calling. #WhatDoYouWant #WhoSentYou #MySuperpower
Now That's amazing 
@_sirmixalot @perkystep :
Your father’s only wish 
I can shoot scorpions out of my butt. I dont know why they live there.. they just do! They wear fancy bedazzled capes and can fly. They attack whatever I tell them to. Super fancy bedazzled cape wearing butt scorpions to the rescue!! #MySuperpower
My superpower would be to read directions. Every. Time. #Whosaysitsonlymen

Food. Instantly. Want fetucini Alfredo? BOOM. there it is. Chocolate? BOOM. and it's always perfectly to your liking. #mysuperpower
#MySuperpower would be to become invisible so I can "borrow" cash from the banks 
My superpower would be to get children of the world to eat the meal provided for them, without whining...oh, wait, maybe to get them all find the items they are looking for without help....nah, mute all whining. #MySuperpower
Nah, snap of my fingers they fall asleep, no more fighting naps and bed time, Mommy gets more wine time
Sing innovative “Banner” even Kaep would stand 4... https://youtu.be/c-nXACdNhFE  #MySuperpower
Geh
My Super power would be that I can start chewing whenever i'm hungry and whatever food I'm thinking of would appear in my mouth. (Drinks included) Mmm now that's power
To fly so I don't have to deal with traffic but what if I get caught up in a flock of really slow birds & can't go around?
I guess it would have to be take all the nasty candy people give out on Halloween and turn it into the good candy
#MySuperpower @FallonTonight
My superpower would be to sap me in your audience on your really good dance off nite.
Why not wish for the ability to manipulate matter at the atomic scale? Then you can convert crunchy Cheetos to puffy ones or make all of your Lucky Charms into all marshmallow charms. Whatever your heart's content.

#MySuperpower is putting this baby boy to sleep LITERALLY within 5 seconds of rocking him. 
My super power would be to get though Nursing School in one entire semester. Or I’ll settle for the ability to live without the need for sleep. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower -to know what my cat is thinking! Why he pokes me in the face with a paw or bites my chin when I am sleeping. He jabs his nose in my eye & stares at my eyebrow cross-eyed. This must all be thrilling! Why he stares at the ceiling, Is he Just "thinkin bout cat stuff?"
#MySuperpower would be able to look into every lays bag there is and count the number of chips inside before I buy it.
Shape shifting. I could turn into a hotter version of myself, an old lady (for the discounts of course), younger version of me for the 'kids eat free' days... my hair can be super long or super short.... #mysuperpower
#MySuperpower would be to be able to make Donald Trump stop tweeting.
my superpower would be a "baby's superpower"-i'll be able to eat and sleep at the same time... #MySuperpower
You are the best i watch your show every night
My superpower would be the tickle people with my mind without them knowing it was me, it we just drive people nuts #MySupperpower
My superpower would be to have ketchup in my fast food bag, because the restaurants forgot.. again!! #MySuperpower
My super power would be to get tickets to your show
@FallonTix can help you with any questions you may have! -@thatsso_rachael
#MySuperpower would be the ability to heat up a Hot Pocket to that perfect temperature. Not solid and frozen or boiling lava hot.  Just right.
#JimGaffigan
"Diarrhea Pocket!"
I had a traumatic Cheetos experience. My brother secretly pepper sprayed me from behind. I was eating out of the bag and thought I was choking. I flailed the bag all over the place.
My superpower would be to zap someone with the positive bug when they start to be NEGATIVE #mysuperpower
I possess the ability to turn Jameson Irish Whiskey into body hair and bad decisions. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be to know the lottery numbers before they are picked.
Unlike women, I never shop... hashtag holdthetomatotweets #MySuperPower
My superpower would be to be able to understand what my dogs want.
#MySuperpower would be to think of anything I want to eat then....Bam!!  It magically appears....
@jimmyfallon My superpower would be the ability to make a person slap themselves whenever they say something stupid at an inappropriate time,  with just the snap of my fingers. #MySuperpower
My superpower would be to tap a persons forehead and make them get to the point. #MySuperpower
#MySuperPower would be instant refills. Water glass empty? Instant refill.  Wallet out of money? Instant refill. Don't feel like dealing with my annoying co-worker? Keep refilling his bladder.
#MySuperPower would be the ability to steal anyone else’s superpower. To be used only for evil, of course.
My superpower would be to separate rush hour traffic to the sides of the roads so I could drive past them all like in Bruce Almighty. #MySuperpower
If I could have a superpower I’d like to transport within in minutes to different places, countries and cities. To be able to see the world and explore! #MySuperpower @jimmyfallon
@jimmyfallon #MySuperPower would be to create money and give it to those who really need it while eliminating credit cards!!

Just make sure not to trip on any Cheetos!!!!
My superpower would be to eat anything and make it taste like whatever I want to eat. Like if I eat some sand it would taste like nachos.
No way. I like them crunchy.
#MySuperpower
There’s only one Cheeto I would want to deflate
I'd like to have the Internet in my brain #MySuperpower
My super power would be to potty train anything with the snap of my finger. #mysuperpower
To be able to snap my fingers every time I need money, and money would appear especially when I am in a bind.
#MySuperpower would be making a "trail of shame" and alarm activate behind anyone who tries to cropdust after passing gas. But doesn't activate if they stay - it's ok you had to let one out, but don't leave others behind to suffer the blame and stench while you walk free!
#MySuperpower would be making all hot food "mouth temperature" as soon as it reaches your mouth.
I want the ability to produce puppies out of thin air. Probably wont help in a crisis but after BOOM puppies for everyone!! #MySuperpower
My Super Power would be the ability to talk to women.
#MySuperpower would be to legally transfer things into my possession just by saying “yoinks!”
Swiper no Swiping!
#MySuperpower would be to know every password to every wifi network everywhere.
Mine would be that my skin dealt with it’s own itches so I wouldn’t have to dance like a monkey to scratch my own back- #MySuperpower
My superpower would be popping my pimples  #MySuperpower
My superpower would be like Quicksilver's from X-Men. That way I can speed my way over to buy pizza, and go to the Tonight Show live any time I want. Yes Jimmy, I would share the pizza with you. #MySuperpower
I wish I had the one where you do not fall asleep during a morning lecture.
Been thinking of this for years...my super power would be to stop time, so when my alarm went off in the morning I could stop time, go back to sleep, wake up whenever and never be late.
#MySuperpower  Oh! Oh! I know! I would mute everyone that eats with the mouth open. Nobody wants to hear the concert that banana is giving in your mouth!
#MySuperpower  My superpower would be fixing everyone's spelling mistakes...and then  I'd blink an eye with the sound of a sparkle while I do it, and I'd have a wide smile looking at an invisible camera
You share your wishful thinking with so many stoners 
My super power would be to Eye Slap. Giving me the ability to slap someone by just looking at them without moving my hand.... hahahah comes in handy when someone is just not the business  #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be to have vampire compulsion & to become invisible anytime. esp. avoiding someone i don't wanna talk to. or just to mess w people whenever i want! oh! these are 02. well, it's not like you're gonna read this on the show. c ya .
Actually if you could pop one inflated Cheeto currently to be found in the WhiteHouse that would do for me. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower  would be to be able to hear what music people are listening to when they have their headphones on.
#MySuperpower would be to pass all of my exams this week #8exams #5days #lordhelpme #fanshawecollege
With #MySuperpower I’d be able to give or take away cowlicks with the zap of my finger 
My superpower would be to have some gnarly solos blasting from my air guitar whenever I feel rocking out is very necessary. #MySuperpower
Shrink fat people.... bloody hell I would be busy
My Superpower would be to become an American Citizen at will to enter your contest from time to time and vote for Trump again...
My superpower would be to eat those cheetos without the orange on my fingers. #cheetoswithchopsticks
#mysuperpower would be to communicate with my two dogs through mental telepathy #steakisgreat #nobarkingbefore7am
#MySuperPower would be Cold War Russia!  (stolen from some comedian on YouTube...)
@FallonTonight I would be able to make all cell phone cameras play the Family Ties theme song intro anytime someone tried to record a concert, play, or any other public event. #MySuperpower
@FallonTonight I would be able to work “That’s what she said” into every conversation. Wait, that’s too hard....THATS WHAT SHE SAID. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be the ability to download every usefull app to a man‘s brain #cleaningapp #ironingapp #doingthelaundryapp #bringoutthegarbageapp #dowhatSHElikesapp
@FallonTonight I would shrink a stranger down to a foot tall and teach them to play the piano. I always wanted a 12 inch pianist. #MySuperpower
lol..
My Superpower would be to have a Jedi mind trick to get boring people to stop talking, except they don’t realize I’m doing anything. So I still appear nice AND I’m not bored. #MySuperpower
My super power would be 100% control of farts. Sound, smell, and timing. #mysuperpower
Mine would be the ability to conjure up instant evil anal itches to anyone I choose, even at a distance.  So if I see @realDonaldTrump on TV, he would start squirming big time, and only I would know why.  #mysuperpower
My super power would be taking weeds from the yard and turning them  into smokeable weed...puff puff pass
My superpower would be to have my dog understand that I’m truly sorry for stepping on his paw #MySuperpower
To be able to touch random men's beards without having to ask..like invisible hands just able to rub thier beards and no one gets weird about it. #MySuperpower
#MySuperPower would be to mentally lower the desk chairs of my enemies. Quickly.
My superpower would be to have mind control on POTUS and turn him into a compassionate liberal with the bonus superpower of keeping his hair under control. #MySuperpower
My superpower would be to make a theme song of my choice play any time someone walked into the room.
The ability to time travel into the future, very slowly.
#MySuperpower
To jump into any book, movie or television show. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be me receiving $1000 every time someone said “it’s lit fam”.
You know that total jerk of a driver who did something mean, nasty, or dangerous? Instant flat tire, baby. #MySuperpower
My superpower would be to make Ben and Jerry's ice cream magically appear in my freezer. #MySuperpower
My superpower would be sending a clone to work meetings I don’t want to be in.  #mysuperpower
My superpower would make ordinary people find me as humorous as I do.  #MySuperpower
Having My Daydreams At Work turn into REAL Dreams that turn into Reality..
#MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be the ability to teleport every slow driver in the passing lane over to the slow lane. And also create some way of letting other drivers know when you're changing lanes or turning. Oh wait...
#MySuperpower would be that every time I put my hands in my pockets, I pull out popcorn.
#MySuperpower would be to perfectly and evenly heat a Hot Pocket. The whole "scald your mouth on the ends and then crunch the icy center" thing just ain't cool, man.
#MySuperpower would be to turn off the lights when I fall asleep so that I don’t have to get up from my comfortable fetal position
My super power would be the ability to successfully separate and reuse tape that has stuck to itself. #MySuperpower
My super power would be to suck the annoying sounds out of the atmosphere that people make like crinkling a peppermint wrapper during a meetings.
 Jimmy you’re imagination is unique!!!
I would want to be able to see germs, so I could tell if someone washed their hands or not...say no to pee hands #MySuperpower @jimmyfallon @FallonTonight
Ooooooo...that's a good super power!
#MySuperpower would be to actually pick the fastest line.
My superpower would be to flip my egg perfectly in a pan so that I do'nt have to change my mind and have scrambled eggs later. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be to be able to just tap my finger on my son's forehead and put him to sleep instantly. #goodnightformom
#MySuperpower would be to control what happens any reality TV show I’m watching, I just want a decent guy to win the bachelor for once, and maybe make the Kardashian’s suddenly have australian accents while talking about vegan shrimp.
The power to rid all men who wear socks with sandles #MySuperPower
I wish I had the power to manipulate lines so that I could always move to the front at grocery stores, in traffic, at the DMV, etc. #mysuperpower
That's fantastic!
My superpower would be to move your cars with my gravitational laser beams and proudly take your parking spot #MySuperpower
My #MySuperpower  would be having the ability to instantaneously move from my recliner through the TV and onto your couch for an interview.
My super power would be the ability to predict the next upcoming trend. I'm to busy to keep up with them so it would be nice to know ahead of tims. #MySuperpower
I wish I had the superpower to find  everything by just looking once like Waldo on my son's 30 year old Lunch box.... Can you find him #MySuperpower
My super power would be to make everyone’s bathroom deposits smell like poo pourri so public restrooms aren’t bad #MySuperpower
#controlgravity #mysuperpower #ftw
#infinitely&intimately
My superpower would be to taste the food just by looking at it on the menu, so I know what to order. #MySuperpower
How high are you right now?
#MySuperpower would be to program Justin Timberlake’s phone so that every time he asked for directions it would give him the route to my house #sorryjessica #lovehim #jealous
Are you excited about next month??
We have the worst traffic in Manila, so I've always wished that #MySuperpower would be teleportation. Just whisper the place where I want to be at then clap my hands 3 times. But I have to be very specific like "STUDIO 6B ROCKEFELLER CENTER ". TADAAAA! Hello, Jimmy!!!
#MySuperpower would be to not have to sleep! Then I could have more experiences
My super power would be able to put my vision & thoughts into the minds of others; so when my husband asks “where are my keys?” he sees where it is the first time. That way I don’t have to get up to show him that their right in front of his face. #MySuperPower
When you click on a YouTube video that you really want to see but it goes to an advertisement... "This video will begin in 5s", I'd be able to skip it automatically. Only me. No one else. #MySuperpower
youtube has been hella bourgeois lately
#MySuperPower would be to play Holiday Road by Lindsey Buckingham every time someone asks or talks about going on a vacation.
Lmao omg that’s a riot 
My superpower would be to light up whatever men are looking for in neon so they don’t have to yell I can’t find it! When it’s right there. Move the dang milk. #MySuperpower
I wish I had the ability to turn video game characters I to real life. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower would be everyone ahead of me in checkout suddenly remembering they need more groceries. 
#MySuperpower would be the ability to put the maximum possible amount of Jewish mother guilt into anyone's head to where bad people and hypocrites would immediately kill themselves
Hahhaha my son and I just devoured a whole bag of Cheetos from Trader Joe’s. Will power 1, my son and I a big fat 0! Oh our dog Zoe couldn’t resist, she couldn’t handle the Cheeto temptation!!!
My superpower would be I could change channels with my mind. Channel-kenisis. And wreak havoc on everyone’s lives while they scream “why god why” trying to watch tv. #MySuperpower
#MySuperPower I teach math.
selective amnesia so for example; if I watched a move or show I really liked I could purposefully forget what happens and then watch it all over again like it was brand new #MySuperpower
My superpower would be to figure out how to be in two places at the same time!!  #soccermomblues
#MySuperpower would be to hear my cats thoughts when we hang out because she always looks at me like I have a problem.
That's very trixy! Could be improved if it works to change regular fries into curly fries too!!
I have the ability to smell I own poop #MySuperpower
My superpower would be to clap my hands twice when I want the traffic lights to turn green so I can go on about my business, & then clap again so the light can turn red again. #MySuperpower
#MySuperpower Would be to Eat Whatever I Want and still Look Like @VancityReynolds 
@jimmyfallon ...And not have cheesy fangers afterwards! Hahaha
#mysuperpower my super power would to be able to breathe thru my ears so could eat without stopping for long periods of time
#MySuperpower would be that I have the power of impeachment ... but my kryptonite is that I really enjoy Trump and the downward spiral that this country is currently in.
My super power would be to bleep curse words that are said around my kids. #MySuperpower
I'd like to see what my new mans flaws in past relationships were. #MySuperpower
#mysuperpower would be no matter what food I’m eating it would taste like the food I really wanted to be eating and nobody would ever know but me. I’d be the BEST dinner guest!
My power would be able to change trumps tweets to pig Latin before he sends them out.
My super power would be to instantly heal my foot when I stub my toe. #MySuperpower
Thinking of where I wanna be,& be there..# my superpower
My superpower would be for me to be able to see what will happen after I walk into another room before It happens so I can avoid people making me mad #MySuperpower
That’s a decent power....
Don’t need to wish for this superpower cause I’ve already mastered it ... I can look you dead in the face while you’re talking and not hear a damn word you said. 
#MySuperpower 
#momoftweens #teacherof22secondgraders
I discovered #MySuperpower when I was about 9 yrs old. I was the only one who can untangle the most impossible knots on my friends' slinkies, so they named me Super Armi. Now at 33, I have proven to everyone who came to me w/ knots that I can untangle every knot presented to me.
#MySuperpower  would be to only have to tell my kids to do something once
My superpower is to go back in time to High School and be the toughest girl in school so I could beat all the girls who wanted to beat me up after school and thank the 2 two toughest girls who walked me out every day so I wouldn't get beat up. #MySuperpower

Brilliant!
The puffy ones melt in your mouth..lol
They should make a combo bag of Cheetos and puffs
We have that in Mexico...with even more different kinds of chips in the bag ;)
My weird superpower would be having the sixth sense to know when a gun would be use to harm someone anywhere in the world. Upon feeling this, I could turn it into a rubber chicken. 
So the #tombradyeffect
#MySuperpower would be being a level 10 wizard because anything below that is just a cheap hand magician.
My #superpower would be that every time I farted everyone in the world would pause to reflect on the sensuous smell of potpourri that would enlighten everyone and create a worldwide aurora borealis.
The ability to peel bananas and never have to see those gross little strings #MySuperpower
That's a great one! 
#MySuperpower would be turning my tears into money whenever I check my bills and credit score.
My superpower would be to see subtitles when everyone speaks to me...& their name above their head.   #MySuperpower
And they could interpret foreign languages and trite meanings behind what they're saying?
I could choose to paraphrase some people’s speech. Or maybe everything will be in hashtags...or emojis.
#MySuperPower would be the ability to teleport to work so I can quit coming up with lame excuses as to why I'm always late.
#MySuperpower I would love to have the power to switch bodies. Like if I wanted to see what it'd be like to be @jimmyfallon, I could switch bodies with him for a day. I wonder what he thinks about that.
My super power would be to have caption bubbles over everyone's head when someone in the group says something stupid to see what they really think about it. #whattheactualhellaretheytalkingabout
#MySuperpower
I’ll have to ability to promote World Peace #MySuperPower
#MySuperpower would be to instantly make all the man socks randomly dropped all over my house magically find their way to the hamper. #AllMen #My3Sons #WhyIsThisSoHard
My brother told me his superpower would be the ability to always draw a perfect circle and his name would be Sir Cumference #MySuperpower
#mysuperpower.  Duh.... snap my finger and it would rain country fried chicken legs on my plate.  Hold the gravy I’m trying to work on my figure.
My super power would be to eat bags and bags of flamin hot Doritos without getting the double burns...OUCH!!
I’d want to have a power that I don’t get Cheetos powder on my fingers
#MySuperpower would be to speak all languages, then I would’t have to use a translator.
My superpower would be to mute people on command. Coworker  trying to say good morning to me before I’ve had coffee? Mute. #MySuperpower
My superpower would be being able to change the weather at any point in time. That way its never too hot or too cold.  #MySuperpower
My superpower would be the ability  to turn people into their nicknames. Egghead? POOF!!  Dog? POOF!!  #MySuperpower
To force the Costco Tire guys to actually mean 5 more minutes....especially after three different guys come tell you 5 more minutes. #MySuperpower  25 minutes later....
#MySuperpower would be to have Jimmy and Higgins as my jesters, Mike D. as my barrista, Marina as my chef and The Roots as my lullaby band.   #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
