Sting the singer or wrestler ?
The real Sting...The Sting that sold over 100 million records and wrote the song that became the most played song on US radio “Every Breath You Take” to date. @OfficialSting!!!
Well Technical the professional wrestler owns the name sting. So technically the singer isn't the real one/official
To bad you can't keep politics out of your show. I no longer watch.
Have a good time guys
STAYED AT IND HOUSE AND THEY POISIONED FOOD
DAY'S IN THE RAIN NO COMPLAINIG THE LORD WORE SACKCLOTHE ON CALVARY TBC UNDERCONSTRUCTIONALIZED
@OfficialSting new album #44/876 is a an outstanding album and Sting’s most pop album in ages. #stingandshaggy new album is the best album of 2018.
36 YEAR
So where can ya see Adams sandler's new movie if ya don't have Netflix?
I still haven't seen that western comedy he did yet. :(
Stings’ all up in Shaggy’s biness an Shaggy is keeping his hands to his self so what up w/that? Borderline creepness?
Well if Sting is on... he is gonna be going and going and going!!
HUGE!
I sort of remember Sting...
Where on net youtube
DON'T SEND UR NOT RIGHT WITH THE LORD AND CONFESS IS FIRST TBC UNDERCONSTRUCTIONALIZATIONS OF ME
SINCE 23
@maxine_august huge show
oh shoot this is gonna be good
I love your Monday shows Jimmy.  And the other Jimmys @jimmykimmel tooI  I have to go back and forth. Monday's are the best in late nite. Both
That’s a  show! 
Me too plz keep politics out of the show I’m also getting close to delete
Are you taping inside an elderly home? Jk jk  love all those guys!
“That’s about 50 cent a rib....How much for 1 rib.   I sure am hungry”. Best crock scene ever
Happy Monday @jimmyfallon have a blessed day! Looking forward to the show. #FalPal
Call me to sing in your showwwwwww !!!!!!!
Thank you for giving equal time to Adam...Chris really enjoys attention & Adam was quite the gentleman. 
Wow
What were you doing up so late on a sunday
Ask Adam about ballin with the VCU basketball managers

HELP ME GET THE BLUE CHECK ON THIS ACCOUNT
As always!
Shaggy and Higgins!!!! Yasssss!!!.
 Awesome night lined up!! Happy Monday!! Thanks for the #MondayMotivation #FallonTonight I can't wait!!
Hope there will be games 
Kicking it like it’s ‘96!
Love you Jimmy, but do not bring Lying Comey to your show. Just let him sink it in that he’s going to jail soon..
Can’t wait!  What an awesome show!


Jimmy Fallon... You are a bit man in a small mans body. Love your show man...  Lol!
Won't miss
Nice! Cheers, Dave
WOW !  !
I hope you have very sweet dreams Jimmy, I love you  @jimmyfallon
Whaaaaat A Candy Sweeeeet Wicked Kick-Ass Line Up! Whooooh Yeahhhh 

 It’s Going To Be So Funny & Music Fun!  Lampoon Never To Forget! So Awesome 
Would you ever consider having @DrewColeMusic  perform on your show?
Hey Jimmie, did you quit drinking yet?
This is gonna be another epic one! Good night Jimmy, sweet dreams...
Perfect show for my bday!
Will you mention your Resident Assistant?
For us 40 something’s.
Hell yeah,mediocrity is awesome  (but Adam Sandler is pretty funny)
Higgins does a great Shaggy
Can’t wait to watch, this show is hilarious 
All my faves in one show!!!!
See you then
Do you mean "Sting" and "Shaggy" as in you and Higgins or the real deals? Lol hard to tell with you guys
Wasn't @AdamSandler hanging in Richmond VA this past weekend? Friend of mine got a picture with him! Heck of trip to NY to be on the show! Can't wait! #FallonTonight
yeahhhh 
Like sting the wrestler and shaggy from scooby doo?? Big show
Its 1999!
How am I supposed to sleep tonight? A.N.T.I.C.I.P.A.T.I.O.N!!!!! #FallonTonight

goodnight. i love you with my whole heart.
Is it 1999 again??
Big show = hot crowd

Stopped watching your politically biased show. Your ratings are lower than streaming media. You could bring on God it won’t help. Dying brand yesterday’s news. Bye bye. Bring back Carson. Dead he’s better than you.
#Confession at first I didn't like you cause I thought you were just trying to take over my @AdamSandler spot. Now I clearly know you were after @jayleno spot so I love you both now & I can sleep at night now that's off my chest. CAN'T WAIT TO SEE @AdamSandler and you of course
@jimmyfallon tried Molly’s per your recommendation. Shepherds pie was great.
Good night Jimmy! I love you
This should be a fun one! Can’t wait to watch!!
OMG!!!!! It will be an awesome show as usual but even better
What year is it?!
Omg was thinking the same thing idk how to  f e e l  about this
Visiting from Oklahoma! Wish me luck getting a ticket!!
Gonna try to get standby tickets!!
???
I think I will start watching you again. I'm pretty sure you are staying out of the Late Night Trump bashing bs. I always loved you!
Awesome!
Adam Sandler, Chris Rock, Sting, and Shaggy? Is it 2002?

The funny Adam Sandler 

Shouldn’t @DavidSpade and @NickSwardson  be in this line up as well????
Is it going to be a really big shoe?
Sounds like a great show!!! I can't wait Jimmy!! 
You should have me on the show.

Awesome
Just saw Adam Sandler in Charlotte tonight, he was awesome and did a great song tribute to Chris Farley!
Bling bling....
Hot hazy day back in the 90s allover again
LOVE U LIFESAVER

AWESOME! LOVE YOU JIMMY! 
Hi Jimmy!!! Thanks for the heads up Goodnight until tomorrow 
Wow, big show!! Goodnight Jimmy, I’m just starting my day. Love you 
That qualifies as big. Damn dude now I gotta stay up.
I’ve set my DVR!!! Don’t want to miss that show!! 
Give me tickets bitch
YES I LOVE THEM BOTH SO MUCH!
Jimmy, it sounds like it's going to be an awesome show, except for one thing, I ain't going to be there!
Holy rocking Amazing Packed Show!!!!
Hi! can’t wait for the laughter. Sleep well
The wrestler??
I wish
Sounds like a really fun show Jimmy!! Can’t wait! 
Good night cher Jimmy doux rêves 
Wow!
Is shaggy going to preform the trump legal defense song... it wasn't me....
If they would have elected me NBC #TonightShow talk show host I would have gotten 100% of the male vote because my guests tomorrow would have been Alissa Violet, Genie Bouchard, and Kaia Gerber.  #FallonTonight
When MYLES KENNEDY please. With slash
HIIIIIIIII JIMMMMMMY. i love you.
I will be watching.....lol
i’m gonna miss it but i’ll be sure to catch up on it as soon as possible!!
its bed time Jimmy
love you so much jimmy 
Word?
And
Sounds like a comical evening with Sandler AND Chris Rock on the show. @FallonTonight
Sweet
Happy Gilmore 2 announcement?
Follow me Jimmy!! Pleaseee and @ladybaelish_ too!!

Can't wait, But I can see it all happening 
damn. i might actually have to put on some pants for this.
My nigga
Good night, Jimmy! I love you!  Excited for tomorrow's show.
Who knew @OfficialSting @DiRealShaggy would be a thing!
Awesome 

Good night sweetie, Im preparing for this laugh fest, see ya tomorrow
What!?! That’s going to be an awesome show!! Only reason I am looking forward to Monday... well.. not really excited for Monday morning... but still. 
I hope you guys do some freestyle! 
Wowwww..... one of the biggest ever Jimmy!! Goodnight and sweet dreams until tomorrow, I love you 

Is this ‘94 throwback night?
What I just thought!
Bet! 
Shame I can't watch it in the UK.
Hey Jimmy yah want a real story call Carla Richardson in Salisbury,  MD
I  a late Sunday night Jimmy Tweet! hi, Pal! Sleep well!! 
Awesome lineup! 
Please tell me you’re going to do a Adam Sandler impersonation.... Please...

Is this a rerun?
hi jimmy you’re up late 
Yay!! I can’t wait!
Thanks for the update, Jim
i love you so much jimmy!
Hi Jimmy, i love you.
Ohhhh yeahhhh!!!
hi dad
