Sometimes.
Sometimes can if they Are funny, I like progressive,Flo's the shit!!!
HOLACUTEMAN @jimmyfallon !! PLEASE WRiTE ME SOME WORDS SALUDOS DESDE MONTERREY MEXiCO #iloveyou 
Don't know don't watch late night talk shows cause you are all way too political and not 1 of you are conservative. Tired of the Trump bashing because of hurt feelings
En estos tiempos de elecciones, ODIO los comerciales. Es como escuchar un disco rayado acerca de mentiras, pero los demás sí me gustan.
Any you do I don't like
Jimmy go to sleep. You are allowed. Honest! Good nite.
Only the good ones. The best of them come out during the Superbowl.
A finger Donald Trump's going to be interview tomorrow on TV at 8 in the morning
I have learn to mentally turn them off but I hate turning the volume down.  I thought we have laws about this - but not enforced.  I could get behind the enforcement.
نه.......NO.
Farsi.......English !
I'm in Canada so I'm getting different commercials. You know a bunch of polite commercials about maple syrup, hockey, and Degrassi.
Send me to see #BookofMormon, I’m poor, but that doesn’t mean I shouldn’t be able to see Trey Parker and Matt Stone’s masterpiece.
It would be nice to see entertainment that does stoop to presidential slapstick.  That tells me you’re done and there is no other way to get ratings. Pathetic
Nooo! I start the show 10 mins late and fast forward though commercials.
No
        #FallonTonight @jimmyfallon
What's a Book of Mormon?
It's pure fiction that is what it is lol!
It sure isn’t, it changes lives!

Well it's true
Read the book! @jimmyfallon
You commercials 
I like that song the Roots played when @serenawilliams came out lol @blackthought @questlove
Wish I could live tweet and watch the show with you but I’m already late for work! You’re too cute! 
<3
I liked the commercial promo of you on late night Jimmy!! 
if they support you, i support them.
Yep..and the Seth preview too
yes of course!!
Looooove it
Sure if their good?
I like American commercials but I would prefer TSJF for 2 hours! 
 no I don’t want commercials I want the showwww 
Yes we loved it and btw could tou possibly follow @tattering pls jimmy
Jimmy why the broken hearts tho
#commercialreviewswithjimmy! i love when you live tweet with us 
HAHAHAH OMG YES livetweeting the commercials im LIVVINGG
I love the commercial jimmy
My feed has gone down I can’t watch anything 
I think only kids love commercials
Nahhh, the show is better 
Yup
 aww hun i dont think we have the same commercials as i have not seen these ones
its back!!!!!
you’re so cute
Hahaha! I’d like less commercials more Fallon!!!
Not as much as we LOVE you and the show, crazy
 jimmy you’re so adorable

you’ve been so active on twitter lately and i love it!

Of course!!
