Jimmy you really are the best, I love your story telling and stories, and I love to see the genuine affection you have for Seth, every time you talk about him  your crossover bits are really funny  you should do them more often 
i cried a little tonight...
it was a great interview! although it was more like a chat between friends...I love when you guys tell SNL stories. Thank you both 
Awsome jimmy and the story's was good too
Goodnight Jimmy! Ilysm 
goodnight jimmy i love you so much
That was awesome Jimmy
11:35 can't come fast enough!(1 more hour here on the west coast!) Look forward to #FallonTonight and #LNSM every night, but a little extra tonight!
You have quite a night ahead of u 
Oh I bet! I had to stop reading my feed before it turned into spoilers city. I already know it's going to be great though. How can it not be Jimmy, David Blaine, Seth, more Jimmy. 30 minutes left
Enjoy it
You should stop by more often!!! You and Seth are great together!! I loved hearing the snl stories!! 
your interview was great!! i’m so glad you got to be a guest on late night, that is truly amazing!
Love you a lot Jimmy. You made everyone’s night last night, including mine. 
I love you guys together, had so much fun tonight
You guys are so great together! Great rapport and friendship and humor! So cool...and great SNL stories! So cute! Well done! @jimmyfallon you’re not on Carson Daly’s show right?! As soon as I get rid of my frog nausea, I’m going to sleep! Thanks for the outrageously fun night!
Yes pleaaaaaaase.
then stop by more often Jimmy  love youuuuu
IM SO EXCITED OMG

Please put more pressure on the Chinese government as international laws were broken and human rights were violated in its abduction of two Canadians in Singapore. 
With no legal proceedings, the two were forced to…
Does that mean a we'll see you again next week? But I'm sure you asleep by now
You two need to make this a habit..going on each other's shows
Comedy is a tough biz to make it in, and I haven't even written anything down yet. Why in the heck, do I think that with under 10 followers, I have a chance, at impressing Jimmy Fallon, in the comprehensive #Restraints of #140Characters?  To start off my week; #MexicanJail #MW
Great interview jimmy..loved the stories
Felt like a real homecoming in a way. That was so much fun to watch!!  Maybe you and Seth could do #DayDrinking or #SecondChanceTheater next time. #LNSM #FallonTonight


Jimmy you're a better late night guest than a late night host.
Longest I've seen you so calm in front of the camera in ages!
ya, ridicoulus guy.
woot woot
Great to see that hardwork does pay off!  It was a great late night. 
@LateNightSeth sucks. Dude is a hypocrite and is obsessed with Stormy Daniels. He can't think of any punchlines and just says "Stormy Daniels". That's not comedy.
Your stories are fantastic. Wanted to see videos of the slipn'slide table. Maybe next time?? Love you and Seth!!! 
Please help me spread the word I’m only $2,000 away from my life’s goal!! https://paypal.me/pools/c/80Y4jkmHuS …
Loved the stories
Yes it was great, you deserve to go to bed!
I am the opposite, I rise
That was great! You guys should be on each other’s shows more often! Those stories were great!
FORM SETHTRON @sethmeyers @SethMacFarlane @SethGreen @Sethrogen the 4 Seth’s combine to form SETHTRON he’s Jewy and likes turkey sandwiches and porn
Love you two guys. Funny, heartfelt and smart. Great history. Each great fun to watch. Together and separate. Enjoy.

I luv  @LateNightSeth ...  but often have to force myself to stay awake before.
Honestly @jimmyfallon  I haven't watched ur show much , since that trump ...Ahh..that trump debacle.  That was SAD
you don't stop watching someone due to a small thing. There has been worse things in the world
Indeed, much worse.
Yet, not as effective, entertaining, less  suck-uppy...if such a term.
.. and personally, not a small thing
if you want something political you can watch the news channel ........ not a talk show
Can you Sew Trump's Mouth Next ...Just a Thought @jimmyfallon
Thanks for brings up my mood!

Wait, what?  You will be on Seth again next week???
Literally gonna get your name tattooed on me if you follow.
<3
Literally all i want is a follow.
Um follow me #FallonTonight

