I know you're waiting for what the McCain, McConnell, McCornyn wing of the GOP says, you are so mainstream.
McCain says he's going to support Tillerson.  That means you can too
Because they are in Exxon's payroll instead your going to dish the good Republican Senator Sessions for his Cabinet position?
Fast forward to today and we're all looking forward to @realDonaldTrump hearings on Russia  Gate.
The fact that they are paid shills for Exxon caries more weight than what they said. You accepting their word is SAD!
@JohnCornyn do you also look forward when a fake nuke deal with Russia and US sanctions are withdrawn?
Does the fact that Tillerson does business w countries under US sanctions carry weight? Or being honored by Russia?
@SkyeShepard Depends on how you look at it. I wouldn't consider them sterling endorsements; they're all globalists.
@JohnCornyn It helps that all three who are recommending Tillerson were on the EXXON payroll.
@thebobbyb Elites wanting to keep their elite GOP status, be consulted by Trump, hired by GOP friendly businesses
How's that reasoning, Mr. @JeffFlake?  The #criminal #Cheney Gang endorsement of  #Tillerson (&  his juicy oil deal with #Russia) takes US back to #Afghanistan (with #Vice #Prince) to create his #Caspian Sea #pipeline route.  Sad day for the future of climate action and children.
@JohnCornyn Vote yes on Tillerson
Really?  And whose Secretary of State will he be?  Since it can't be Trump according to you....Hillary's? Jeb! Bush's? Do tell!
@JohnCornyn Condi participated in lying to start war, Baker said no bid contracts were ok..their record on ethics is questionable
Of course you do. Surprised you did not check in with Jeb or Hillary. Your a Democrat/Bush HasBeen to AZ Republicans.  Loser!
Paid Exxon hacks. You are disgusting trying to pass this off as OK.
qa
Why no tax returns? Won't they just show that Rex paid what he duly owes the US govt?
I had hoped that you would be some sort of a check on the Trump Train of Idiocy. Now I am not so sure. Tillerson is just wrong.
I bet you'd just sit there and go "WEEEEEE" on 1/6 and not write an objection.
dude no. Heck no. That guy is bffs with Putin. Come on...first we get Drumpf (yes Drumpf not Trump) and we'd be stuck with Rex?
I had come to respect you for a time. Thought you had principles. Now you don't want separate Russia inquiry? #Sellout #Putin
Maybe u should look into Tillerson undermining American effort to help those in suppressed countries and him being Putins pal.
So they fact that they are being paid by Tillerson means nothing to you?
Oh yeah, 'cos we need a pro-putin team to lead our great country? Def. looking forward to the whitewashing, I mean hearings.
Tillerson is a REWARD to Putin for his hacking of the DNC and state voting registration system. Russians are ecstatic
Follow the $$ on those endorsements. All 3 have paid ties to Exxon.
my ancestors crossed the US from their farm in Palmyra just to see this Tillerson man recommended for SOSIS? Not!
Tillerson cares about money not people. Will voting for him earn you celestial status?
you know they all work for Exxon right?
Wow. Being part of the GOP makes you blind. I will be looking forward to the mid elections.
vote him out 2018
If I have to run against him I will.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/americadont-be-fooled_us_58544d3be4b06ae7ec2a3e35 … - read this - if you approve Tillerman - you've lost your soul to the con man
OK - let's see the depth of support. Their consulting company works w/ him as a client;Golden rule-they who have the gold rule!
I am not so sure about that! Tillerson is oilman who negotiates oil deals ahead  of nation's policies. Too much in bed with PUTIN
I' sure Hanoi Songbird McCain will let you know how to vote! 
your statement reminds america that we are ruining out of heroes #nolongerprofilesofcourage
Just remember that we are not the United States of Exxon.  Or Russia.
did u miss the part about them working for Exxon....Or did u just not care?
You mean the people that are paid by Exxon? OF COURSE THEY DO, HE PAYS THEM.
they are on his payroll for GOODNESS SAKE 
Knowing they all work 4 Exxon so What's in it for you?  Who's payroll are you on?  Where is your stock?
Aren't they all connected to EXXON?
Condi Rice & Bob Gates are on Exxon payroll & Baker is personal friend of Tillerson. Not unbiased recommendations.
i have high regards for you Jeff, but this time I believe you are wrong
@JasonMillerinDC this is your first and last term in the Senate backstabbing Rhino
I respect you but they are both paid by Exxon.  Little bit of a conflict which isn't surprising with this new Adminstration
If you ever want to be more than an AZ Senator, stand up and fight this circus.
I'm sure the fact that Condi Rice works for Exon has nothing to do with her support! Do your homework!
Seriously??? I wonder what they could possibly have to gain??? #2018
not so! You should stand with McCain!  This is a travesty and treason!  I changed my party tonight!  Ashamed!!!
Don't let the oil industry destroy the progress we've made globally on climate change. # Not Tillerson
Is the GOP the party of Putin?  Does the GOP want to be associated with TREASON?
"Pay-to-play" senator
Any interest in investigating Russian hacking of American political organizations and individuals?
You've joined the Trump Train too! Had such hopes for you. Those people are consultants for EXXON! So sad 2 see you cave in.
They also have ties to Exxon, however, and so perhaps their support is not altogether untethered to personal interest
Weigh the fact that ExxonMobil is their client and perhaps you will see the truth. Are you really that stupid? @TJShopeforAZ
You obviously are an uninformed FLAKE...they are paid consultants for Exxon ...
Is Exxon not a client of Bob Gates consulting firm? Condi works for it too. Are they objective on this topic?
Condi Rice & Bob Gates work for Exxon. Not an unbiased opinion.
What do all three have in common? Exxon! Thought you would be able to see right through this smoke screen - guess not.
Pssst... they work for #Exxon.  Didn't anyone tell you?
aren't they in business with him? What diplomatic experience does he have?
Um, weight against his nomination. Rice & Gates clearly ran game on Trump to get their pick.
I'm sure you'd do anything to ingratiate yourself to the Fuehrer.
They are paid minions of Exxon, $$$$$$Talks
Ur fellow patriots needs u 2 stand up 2 defend our country fro ma Russian coup!!!
if going to mention Gates  and Rice don't you think it is also necessary to include they were paid consultants for Exxon?
THEY WORK FOR HIS CORPORATION. #DoYourJob
Senator, all of them consult for Exxon. Not exactly objective opinions
what about his impact in the Chad regime? #Arizona #Phoenix #Tucson your Senator wants this inhumanity.
Under Tillerson Exxon ran its own private army in Chad in cooperation with the ruthless Deby regime. From Steve Coll's 'Private Empire': 
I hope u ask TOUGH/important questions of all nominees, inc SecState, SecEPA, & SecEnergy. As constituent, I'll be watching!!
The Impeachment Hearings?
The fact that they all have a financial incentive to support him should also carry a lot of weight.
they're all paid by ExxonMobil
They work for Exxon.  Please don't be fooled.  Or are you being threatened too?
It means Tillerson is CFR establishment globalist. Exxon is @CondoleezzaRice's client. Trump fills the swamp.
well they consult for Exxon, so there's that... It's a no vote!!!
FFS, Baker+Rice work for Exxon as consultants now. Read some news, use google. #TrumpStooge
are all politicians as spineless as you are?
Rice, Baker lied us into unending $$$ war & went on to benefit richly on Exxon payroll. Not credible AND Conflict of interest.
Arizona, vote Kelli Ward in 2018 #Ward2018
Rice is an idiot!
no one cares what u think. #NeverForgetNeverTrump
Real patriotic. Looking to hop on the Exxon gravy train yourself?
I am much more concerned about the appointments of Perry and Kelly. Confirmation is a responsibility not a party approval.
.@JeffFlake they all get paid by Exxon AND Tillerson is another Putin puppet...there will be a reckoning in 4 years
seriously ? I'm just a simple plow girl from N.C. & even I know Rice & Gates did consulting for Exxon/on their payroll.
I'd RT more comments, but you should get picture by now: Exxon their client, stand to make big $ if he's SOS and no sanctions
They are all Exxon consultants
People who admired your integrity throughout this period hope you'll take that back, and Exxon hopes you won't.
they're all LITERALLY on his payroll
So do we, Jeff. And when it inevitably all falls to shit, we'll know exactly who was responsible.
They have common financial interests.
The fact that he's their client says it all.
They are on Exxon’s payroll. Please, Senator: Tillerson’s ties to Russia are frightening.

They're all in bed with Exxon, you fool
Nothing to see here, right?
does it hold the same weight if they are on the Exxon payroll?
lol
The fact that they are being paid by Exxon should counteract this weight you speak of
Oh good Lord man. You don't even know who they work for.
@TeamTrump A friend of Puten's is no friend of the. USA.
dude. I'm a dem but you impressed me when you stood up to trump in that meeting b4 the election. But this is ridiculous.
Both Rice and Gates are on ExxonMobil payroll.
They're all being paid by Exxon Senator. Open your eyes.
the fact is all three are paid by Exxon. Which makes its own foreign policy, often antithetical to USA. Stand for USA #NOTTrump
they are PAID board members. Get Real. You are smarter and so am I
Have you forgotten that Rice and Baker work FOR Tillerson?  @WillMcAvoyACN
Oh, FFS, is there anyone in the GOP worth a shit?
You know they have business interests with Exxon, right?
.@JeffFlake @GlennKesslerWP All have financial stake in ExxonMobil
Have you figured out why they recommended him yet?
both Condi and Gates WORK 4 Exxon.ComeON Jeff UR smarter than that. DoNOT confirm Tillerson. He is BAD 4 USA
Both Rice and Gates work for Exxon.  Exxon is a client of their firm. They're basically being paid to endorse him.
what about your statement on the Russian interference in our election?
.@JeffFlake in other words, u mean: if we cn expand COI, blur lines between pub n priv interests, why not? Right? FUCK THE PEOPLE AND NATION
@JasonMillerinDC ARIZONA is DONE WITH YOU.
I have to insist that you use your own decision making rather than rely on the endorsements of others.
-My respect for both Rice and Gates is plummeting.
did you ever pause to wonder that they all work for law firms that represent Exxon? That is the interesting part -
Scary, they're all Bushies
they're not exactly unbiased given that they're paid by Exxon.
Kiss the ring, buddy! Kiss it!
They own the law firm representing Exxon. OF COURSE they recommend. His record on human rights? Stance on Middle East? PUTIN?
Rice and Gates (not sure about Baker) have significant ties to Exxon - and Tillerson's ties to Russia are red, flashing sirens.
Shush
it's not some shocking departure in that gleaming example of public servuce: Washington!
Trump, Tillerson and other nominees are making mockery of interests in conflict with public welfare. Full disclosure!
So what is your relationship with Exxon, because @Ike_Saul is right. I'll add Swamp Dwellers stick together.
Do your f'ing homework!  Tillerson is a client of theirs.   WTF??
Ummmm - No! It means stay away people will die.
E-VERIFY will make many illegals go home. If that is what you want.Big Business doesn't 
Take care of your home state
Sen. Flake look at our border Herion drugs & illegals crossing daily VA hospital where vets die every day waiting to see Doctor.
Does it? Why?
Hey Jeff, if you paid me as much as they were paid I would sing the praises of Tillerson, too
. Do your research.
They all have an association with the oil company ,great research Senator.
I guess I was wrong about you. Thought you were actually putting your country before your party. Guess it's just same ol same ol
Isn't Condi being paid for her support?



The weight they carry is what frightens me.

they are paid consultants.
They are on Tillerson's payroll.
@RichardGrenell frankly, I don't care what you think. Dogs don't bark at parked cars.
Remember that Tillerson is a client of Rice & Gates. That's self-interest, not an honest recommendation. This man at State = risk
ask them about their consulting income
@TeamTrump ask him if he supports a carbon tax. Climate change is false put forth by liars
Tillerson is a client of Rice and Gates. Not objective praise.
Are you trolling us, or are you really too dumb to use google?  How the hell do people this dumb win elections?
Does this mean u already consider TrumpPrez-elect already?won't forget in 2 y. Join SenJohn McCain or Russimerika.
You know they are all on Exxon payroll., right .., no I am not making it up. They are consultants or whatever
Very Disappointing. 1st, not joining McCain on the hacking investigation and now this. Very Very Disappointing.
These are ALL oil people who salivated at going into Iraq to "take their oil."  What is wrong with you people?
Don't they have financial links to Tillerson? Consulting contracts?
Apparently you think this Russian shill/agent is a good pick for SoS? Are you one too?
So, how DO u feel about GUTTING SOCIAL SECURITY /lots of Seniors in Arizona Sir.
hands off #SocialSecurity
All 3 of them are his employees. Actually paid by his company to consult. Please tell us you know this, Senator.
I bet you are Comrade Flake.
They are on his payroll. Don't be disingenuous.
those Exxon people have real loyalty towards one another and their stock options
Absolutely, he would be excellent for the oil and gas industry.  The Russians are also looking forward to the hearings too.
Zero influence! They are paid consultants!
no, they have ties to Exxon Mobile, too...and probably Russia. Comrade Trump is in full effect
Money talks, bullshit walks and the GOP is a Neo-Nazi fascist nightmare.
I hope you know that Tillerson is a client of Condi Rice's firm
Get off the Rino Jeff and back Trump !  AZ resident .......Rio Rico....
Arizona citizens look forward to you getting real about protecting us from corporate overlords
he pays them to be his consultants. !! There is a business relationship. Follow the money. Don't fall for this !!
#fraud #conman
@JeffFlake I am losing respect for you...Russian incursion into our election and apparent acceptance of Trump conflict of interests is "sad"
Does it matter to you that they get paid by Tillerson? It should matter.
Yeah, I pretty much tout the guy who signs my paychecks, too.
They are lobbyists for Exxon. I guess that carries a lot of weight.
Hey bozo, they work for him.  They are Exxon lobbyists.
My belief that you lack character is further  justified.
.@JeffFlake the same weight that got us into Iraq
That does carry weight but what if Tillerson is all about profit over country?  How do we know?
Careful.  Your idiocy is showing.
.@JeffFlake and his closeness to Putin doesn't bother you in the slightest? I thought you had some honor.
What are you going to do about donald trump & Russia's hacking?
@WillMcAvoyACN rice on Exxon payroll. No conflict there? Against sanctions after Russia takes crimia. Enuf to disqualify.
Serious question: Doesn't it bother you that Gates & Rice are paid Exxon consultants?  Conflict perception = more public distrust
That they have business ties with Exxon and it will profit if sanctions against Russia removed negates the weight, Comrade Flake.
all three of those recommendations come from people who have serious business ties to Russia and/or a stake in ExxonMobil
Sure thing, Jeff.  Maybe these crooks can cut YOU in too. Proud of YOUR "president" yet?
@Mollystopit Flake's going to pretend he gives a shit now? This outta be good.
yeah, all of those names are people who work for Tillerson in some capacity..of course they will say nice things.
