don't worry about Obamacare. It is helping millions. Worry about Trump attacking you. LOL:)he is attacking his own party:))
Obamacare is failing. Companies are dropping out and it is going broke.
do you have any valid sources for what you saying? Names?!
The article above is about only one Company left for Maricopa County.
It worth having millions of people insured vs the problems which have caused for some insurance companies.
You are forgetting the Middle class who can't afford it but r supposed to fund it.
In the old days, insurers could question new customers and charge very high premiums. No longer.

.@JeffFlake Or was the disaster that Obama used a market-based solution that guys like pretended to believe in for years?
false. "No one"?  More people have insurance now than before.
my cost went down? Also, are u getting subsidy?
If you are not getting subsidy, you don't even need the exchange. You can buy directly from ins. company.
Finally #Flake we agree on something. When are you going to get rid of the penalties I have to pay for not having an Obama plan?
He won't be getting rid of any penalties, they are actually set to increase with Hillary. Who @JeffFlake backs.
How can you be against Obamacare and for Clinton? You don't really care much about Arizona citizens, do you?
it is and people are mad. Why don't you listen to the ppl. Trump/Pence and don't forget it.
Maybe if Republicans had a spine and did what they said they would do if elected it would not be the mess it is.
I agree. It's a flop. I'm going full time at job will get my insurance there!
then you should support @realDonaldTrump instead of #CrookedHillary
You're just finding out now about Ocare? What have been doing the last few years? Can't have it both ways, against Ocare & 4 HRC.
Would you exempt yourself from bloodly #Burundi #Nkurunziza donations via @AtlanticCouncil #Arizona #US
well you will get more of it Jeff with your new girlfriend despicable RINOS
Then stay away from BHO's 3rd term with HRC. You are in office by consent of the governed. Act like it.
Time for interstate competition? Have you ever had a real job? @realDonaldTrump @MeghanMcCain
"So solution, vote for Clinton." Since @jeff is a never trump right Jeff? She will fix it. Don't complain and support the dems.
Yet you do what you can to help Hillary. You're a fraud & should be expelled from the GOP. A disgusting coward that should resign
time for a public option
Are you for real? How can you say bad things about Obamacare and not support @realDonaldTrump? What a disgrace.
then why support #CrookedHillary when she'll double down on ObamaCare & appoint activists to @SCOTUS? @realDonaldTrump
@phxbizjournal good thing you're supporting more of it with your support of Clinton.
If Jeff flake wants to get rid of Obamacare  he must support D trump so that can be done. Why cant the R troops stay together ?
How many times have you jerks voted and done absolutely nothing?????? Remember the power of the purse?? Spineless jellyfish.
.@JeffFlake It's a disaster that insurance co's can't kick you off when you get sick? Or deny coverage for "pre existing conditions"?
You're anti Trump because you've been given the order from brother Romney. Gotta love those cult members.
Support Trump! 
@phxbizjournal and it will get worse with your helping elect Hillary. THANKS!
@phxbizjournal Thanks to you NOT supporting Rep nominee @realDonaldTrump Amer ppl may be stuck with Obama care! Traitor!
good luck with Hillary and more of the same.  You picked the wrong train dude. #MAGA
Establishment Republicans like @JeffFlake claim to be moderate, but being a corporate sell out doesn't make you moderate-Crooked
Sore loser Jeff Flake is what is wrong with the Republican Party. The VOTERS control the party not your rich buddies
YOU are a complete failure Jeff Flake. Definition of FLAKE: a crazy or eccentric person.
http://sonoranalliance.com/jeff-flake-proposes-bill-to-increase-taxes-to-solve-global-warming/ …
Can't wait to vote you out. You do NOT care for Americans or Arizonans. You approved more taxes for AZ WHY?
@phxbizjournal
You denouncing Trump is hurting your party. I promise u that. U hurt the win. U want all liberal sup court judges?
Another all talk and no action politician It's time to remove these self centered do nothing blow hearts. Arizona deserves Better
@phxbizjournal get on the Trump train you Arizona butthead
Time for repeal!
, if u really believe this why r u not voting 4 DJT? I think u'r lack of support 4 the GOP nom is treasonous/disgusting.
I never knew u hated your country. Trump is the only choice, shame on you.
come up with something to replace it then and stop whining. And not Ryan's deplorable plan. It's a joke
@phxbizjournal people of AZ anything this man tries to say he stands for is a lie. He doesn't stand with conservatives. Prob. BHO
@phxbizjournal I hope you are exempt from any benefits Mr president @realDonaldTrump gives senator's.
@phxbizjournal but selling out and not voting with your party nullifies anything you try and "act" like you care about. Joke
Sen. like Jeff Flake should be voted out of office & replaced rep who understands Threat of Clinton.
@phxbizjournal you don't have to like Trump, but Hillary is dangerous for our country. How about talking about her!
Must be a closet Hillary supporter- that would be the only reason to bash Trump.
Then why are you helping Hillary.  No you criticize Trump instead of support.him.
Trashing obamacare,
while trashing the only candidate that will fix it
#ObamaBright 
 #Rino
#GangofEight
why are you supporting Hillary!
So why the hell are you trying to get Hillary elected? If she is elected America is gone forever. Clowns like you are responsible
ACA a ripoff, robs us for not having insurance but still doesn't give us coverage after taking our money.. wealth redistribution!
That's why we need DJT Nothing changes if nothing changes. You and other R's LET THIS HAPPEN! America is in crisis!
Time to get rid of the ACA like you guys said you were going to do during last election cycle and were given control!!
By not supporting @realDonaldTrump you are allowing @HillaryClinton to double down on #Obamacare. Disgusting.
yep yep. Obamacare a disaster so don't endorse DJT?
then support the candidate that will help the do nothing congress repeal it you
@phxbizjournal maybe bcuz #AZ is making hard for insurers. I know a few people who were in medical debt until #ACA #FactsMatter
Time to board the #Trump Train
I hope you reap what you sow.
@phxbizjournal Don not re-elect Jeff FLAKE. He can't vote Republican. Hillary will revise but continue Obama Care.
@jjauthor sooo, what do you do when there is no healthcare in your area?
Ummm, U kno #hillary wants to keep #Obamacare? Support the #GOP #vote #TrumpPence16 STOP bashing the nominee @realDonaldTrump
and you are a disaster also! RINO!
.@JeffFlake - When others stood alone to repeal & replace #Obamacare, U? Maybe shirtless on some island. #AZSEN #AZ
you will NEVER GET MY VOTE AGAIN !!! SO U THINK HILLERY will do better than TRUMP !!????
Yah, so help Hillary win and expand OCare you FLAKE.
unless you have a private agenda and are looking to squeeze Trump for a deal. If you want to help AZ then endorse Trump
if you don't endorse Trump, you're helping to elect Hillary. Don't hold your endorsement over Trump like a carrot
Sen Flake, you can't dip your toe in the water, get half pregnant. You're either part of the solution or part of the problem
Apparently Hillary is defending your weak leadership on Twitter maybe you should change to Democratic Party.
time for ALL legislatures to get together to make the law work better for Americans. Partisan politics has to end.
.@JeffFlake And you think Hillary will be better? 
#Arizona 
#Phoenix 
#GOP 
#RNC 
#TCOT 
#CCOT 
#LaborDay
: complain about Obamacare but support Hillary. You have 2 choices. You comment leads folks to believe Hillary's your woman!
Flake is the right name for you
@realDonaldTrump wants to repeal it but you go on TV and show him no support. Your a disgrace to the GOP. Support him or be quiet
Its what happens when Republicans don't work with Democrats.  How about making ObamaCare better?  Its working in a lot of states
How about a better idea, stop bashing the GOP nominee so maybe Obamacare can be repealed and go away. Hillary will expand it.
nailed it! This flake loser knows he can get away w a lot more corruption if hillary wins. He's looking out 4 himslf
Yet you & McLame didn't do much to stop it except attack conservatives. @JeffFlake 

#OneAndDone
Talk is cheap. We want action, Jeff.
@phxbizjournal lol. U are pro-hillary. U don't care about America at all flake
We are going to get more of Obama care if you get your way... Thanks a lot. Maybe you just need to keep your yap shut.
No you are the real disaster in AZ.
You sound like Trump, except his children aren't dog killers and Racists!
BS, time to end and replace
then stop supporting @HillaryClinton
you're a disaster, helping Hillary is going to destroy America. Whatever your problem with trump is get over it. Don't help HRC!
@phxbizjournal Greed is the reason.
@phxbizjournal If U want rid of #obamacare you need to keep Hillary out. The only way is to get #Trump in.Why don't you get that?
@phxbizjournal IT'S A DISASTER THEN WHY YOU SCREWING WITH TRUMP
You need healthcare people on staff who understand insurance companies.  They always play hardball with customers & hospitals.
I gladly paid $900 a month for 2 years under ACA BCBSAZ.  Now I'm not good enough for them - they leave AZ completely!
BCBSAZ is a not for profit business.  That means putting money back into community, not deserting 44,000 people.
Without Obamacare 120,000 people in AZ like me couldn't get insurance with pre-existing conditions. Insurance companies want $$$
I wish you would contact my husband.  He was in healthcare for 40 years.  Insurance companies have always controlled the market!
Then you need to get behind Trump and stop it, Hillary will just make it worse
#VoteTrump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Time for exemptions from Obamacare?
The Congress is already exempt from Obamacare
And Obama is exempt from Obamacare.
Proles only
@phxbizjournal it's a disaster because you guys didn't fund. How about give ppl the same free health care you have @JeffFlake
@phxbizjournal Well nobody to blame but yourself & all your buddies that didn't do anything to stop it!! You should be ashamed
than why are trying to help Hillary win? The voters of the state supported you . You should have decency to support our choice!
So before #Obamacare…what were those people’s options?  0!?  You’re great at tearing down…but you build nothing!
@phxbizjournal yet we know you will do everything to fix it instead of repealing it!
< U R no better then Cruz & the other republican traitors & in case you haven't noticed, they no longer have a political future.
Your constituents are angry, Jeff!  I know you're just looking for a payday after u are primaried in 3 yrs but have some DIGNITY.
AND DO NOT FORGET THE JUDGES this Jeff Flake will put in office white Hitlery
Traitor Jeff against changing it because he is against Trump. Just one thing people ur voting for Jeff and HRC or Trump & change
maybe to add a the single payor?
@phxbizjournal support the party nominee you traitor.
U2 sir are a disaster. fake progressive Republicans like u r reason we're stuck with the disaster called Obamacare. Helloooo
@SenJohnMcCain @GOP Please swallow your pride and save America. Support Trump.
You & the other GOP traitors to have no solutions to anything, just more empty talk that nobody is listening to anymore. Shut up.
Your TREASON will NOT be forgotten.
@phxbizjournal you going on TV and criticizing trump will help elect hillary and thus... expand Obamacare, stupid.
Your last name says it all. Talk about problems and then do nothing and support those who caused it. Nice job serving the people
@phxbizjournal 

You Mr. Flake are a disaster for AZ.
but yet you help HRC who will continue this disaster. Tell me Senator, is "traitor" your middle name?
He can join Romney and   Kasich . Republican traitors. He is a Clinton supporter.
Flake loves Flake. Simple. The GOP is irrelevant to him. A party traitor. Old establishment stooge.
Flake , a self centered closet Democrat. A old good old boy.
The kind of official we want out of office. GO TRUMP.
@IngrahamAngle @oreillyfactor @cnnsotu ur a flake. obama care a disaster in 40 states plus AZ. then dont back the GOP. Politician
#NeverHillary U can say that about Obamacare & on Face The Nation be more supportive of HRC than Trump???
When Hillary and Soros win, O'care will never be repealed just made worse. wakeup
Single payer...really? And what gov program has ever been successful? Don't listen to these socialists!
I'm a nurse-Obama Care has destroyed & eliminated free market-No free standing hospitals, clinics Dr offices left
Before Obamacare, Blue Cross/Blue Shield covered 95% of Alabama. Is that better?
wot is ur alternative?
.@JeffFlake It's your friends at insurance co's sabotaging the system & endangering millions of children that's the real disaster
1 insurer means insure only what they want and charge whatever they want. Great deal for the insurer and their lobbyist.
@phxbizjournal What is the GOP plan to fix? That's right, they don't have a plan. Easy to criticize from the sidelines.
@PhilLatzman well than go back to the senate and work to fix it instead of complaining.
what's the fix?
And what are you doing to get rid of it....and get gov out of healthcare?
What are your thoughts on Medicare for All?
I'm a nurse-ACA will not easily be unraveled-I don't think it can be fixed & stupid republican solution of Health Care
savings accounts won't work-All free standing clinics, doctors offices, hospitals eliminated--Large corp monopolies now
Time for single payer.
#MedicareForAll
So what are you going to do about it?
That is because insurance companies are very greedy!
Thank you, most excellent senator, for watching out for your constituents.
Your the only person saying that-He's not getting re-elected-I hope he has to purchase Obamacare
do you have a solution for the disaster?
Maybe healthcare should be a right.
Was hoping you were future of GOP but same old same old
Not in your wildest dreams ! Flake is a hypocrite.
oh please NOT because of the ACA because of FOR-PROFIT insurance companies! disgusting
Says more about AZ and GOP than OC.
Congratulations.  You are also a disaster.
Leave the Republican party.  You are a total disgrace.  disrespect the millions of voters who made trump the nominee
