can't waiver now, Sen Flake
Are you listening to your constituents? Stand against Bannon twitter is good phone is better. Call him 602-840-1891
I'm a constituent and I'd like your opinion on white supremacist Steve Bannon being appointed to a White House position.
And when will you be denouncing the white supremacist who's being added to our pres-elect's cabinet?
stand against Bannon. This is shameful. #notmyGOP
That's right kids, keep throwing a tantrum like the toddlers you are, you're going to get Trump 4 more years!
that's mature
Still more mature than throwing a tantrum because Trump appointed someone you don't like.
Any comments on the other big hire of the day? Or is acquiescence more your game?
please denounce Bannon. This isn't a Democrat/Republican issue.
denounce Bannon appointment if you have morals.
What about the "godfather of Alt Right Neo Nazism" Bannon seated next to Pres Trump? Are You a Proud Racist too, Sen Flak
what about @StephenBannon? Why don't you denounce that?
Anything about white nationalist and anti-semite Steve Bannon?
Again another GOP piece of garbage that does not bring up the fact that a white supremacist is Trump's right hand man.
please comment on Bannon. The nation is watching.
Your constituents demand to hear your position on Bannon announcement. The standard GOP answer of "I don't know him" is a cop out
Hey @JeffFlake you've shown some decency in this election season, will you continue the pattern and oppose Steve Bannon's appointment?
you're a phony
What about the anti-Semite #Bannon?
Nothing to say about that?
You sounded like a good guy, but turning into Vichy R in a hurry.
No comment on Bannon? Really? Voters aren't happy. You will be held accountable.
Will you speak out against Trump's appointment of white supremacist Bannon? Your constituents are waiting.
Silence on Bannon makes you complicit. This will be remembered.
Look, I'm not a DT supporter,but was relieved when this choice was announced, but PLEASE #StopBannon this is unacceptable
What about Bannon in the White House?  Or you're not allowed to be #NeverTrump anymore? @JeffFlake @Reince
"Never" means "until I need him 2 save my job." They are in CYA mode. Doing everything they can 2 suck up.
.@JeffFlake you can stand up to the white nationalist hate Bannon represents, or you can give up. Feels like you gave up, immediately.
Why no mention of White Nationalist/anti-Semite Stephen Bannon? You were brave vs. Trump before. Now you are silent? Speak up!!
What about the neo-Nazi? Good pick?

@JeffFlake @Reince
what about Bannon? Bueller? Bueller?
What about Bannon? Are you alright endorsing a racist, anti-semitic nazi as WH advisor? Where is your integrity?
so, nothing to say about a white nationalist anti-semite w/the ear of your chosen president-elect? Already in CYA mode.
As an AZ resident, I'm requesting your stance on Bannon's appointment today. Thank you.
you must condemn choice of #Bannon or lest you be perceived as accepting/agreeing with his #WhiteSupremacy statements
How do you feel about Bannon? Seem to have missed your response. mmmkay? Thanks.
wimp. Why don't you call out Bannon for what he is?
I wonder if any of your constituents are POC and Jews. Guess not, as you seem not to care about the Nazi in the WH.
And what about Bannon? You claim to be principled, now you need to back it up.
your omission of Bannon speaks loudly to everyone, Senator, and it says a lot about who you are.  #Appeaser
What about Steve Bannon?
so how about Bannon? Thoughts? I'll wait....
Please show the same courage you showed in the past & speak out against Trump naming Steve Bannon as WH Chief Strategist.
you are better than this. Stand with @ADL_National and @AIPAC and denounce Steve Bannon.
Jeff Fake, u have been NOTHING but a thorn to Trump.I am a 25 year resident of AZ, n ill never vote for u again, bye bye
and for Bannon? You're just cool with a white supremacist casually being co-director? Jeff- speak up. This is the time.
please share with us, your AZ constituents how you will deal with Breitbart advisor
Heard that choice is traditional repub. So fiery Trump is mellowing or is it realization?
and Bannon?
@realDonaldTrump Mr. Trump, Sen. Flake doesn't seem to have any praise or congrats for your strategist Mr. Bannon. Why? Sad and disloyal!
What about Bannon? A Racist white nationalist as top White House advisor! Do the honorable #nevertrump move & leave the GOP. ASAP
and Bannon?
Steve Bannon? Sounds familiar?

congratulates @Reince , distances himself from Bannon wit a non response to inquiries. It's a silent endorsement
what about the racist guy?
And, what about Steve Bannon? Does he seem like a good and reasonable choice?
Your constituents would like to hear your stance on Bannon's appointment, please.
why no mention of Bannon?
And what are your thoughts about Steve Bannon? Please comment publicly.
not talking about steve bannon won't make him go away. 75% of country didn't vote for djt. there are going to be more protests.
Here's Stormfront congratulating Trump on his WH picks: Thoughts?
haha....a very big job. Did you see Trump's face after the meeting with BO? #toprosecute or just to #letitgo is the Q.
@defranchrisco u were right
- please, you are a principled conservative.  We need you to speak out on Bannon.  You have credibility.  We need you
Right after the Trump riots are denounced as well as the petitions asking the EC To vote Hillary.
nice try, I do not engage in false equivalence.
what about racist Bannon?
How about Steve? Gonna congratulate Bannon?
.@JeffFlake @Reince how about the Bannon hire #congratsonbeingRacistcunts   #dipshits
Bcuz denying Climate Change, increasing Fed min wages, Protection for Vic's of Rape & BO's Citizenship is daunting task!
Steve Bannon.
And what about Bannon getting co-billing?  What will GOP do to keep him in check?
Your comments on Bannon?
how do like a Nazi having Trump's ear?
Senator @Reince may be, but please don't stay silent on Bannon. #NotNormal times. Say #NoToWhiteNationalism
Steven. Bannon. Ever heard of him?
and what about Bannon?
and what do you say about #Bannon?
bannon?
Bannon?
And Bannon?
Jeff tell me you don't throw up in your mouth a little bit every time you see the orange guy. No need to pretend.
Already normalizing Bannon. Lord help us, we're relying on GOP leadership to preserve constitution vs Trump
you need to comment on Bannon
Trump'll fire him after a few months for giving him reasonable advice that he'll despise and make your days long.
You owe it to your constituents to condemn the appointment of Steve Bannon as Chief Strategist.
Do you even care how many of your poor, elderly, LGBTQ, black, Hispanic, Muslim, and female constituents will get hurt?
How about denouncing Bannon as a xenophobic bigot? Have some moral courage, please.
Do you even pay attention to who these people are and what they stand for?
thoughts on Bannon as strategist?
don't do this half ass thing, please
Any comments on today's other big appointment?
