it is commom sense. Sad that you think about your career as politician election, re-election and so on.
"Flake" is right. There was nothing to "last." His policy has never changed. Only your understanding of it has changed.
@realDonaldTrump will represent the citizens who elect him unlike you &your cronies who care more about law breakers & criminals
They are called ILLEGAL and there should be NO way for them to be here except the LEGAL way. We have laws for a reason
Do you support legal status &/or amnesty?
Sure would like to see as much concern for US citizens as for reelection. We have existing laws you guys put in place use them!
follow the law more than u do. Illegal is legal now ? He said go home get in line .
Good for him, You act like you are from a different party, maybe you should go with Dems, trump has come along way, he will win
So having people here ILLEGALLY (aka breaking the law) is good while it lasted??? Do you have morals?
If you don't support our nominee, you are supporting a woman who should be in jail. Shame on you.
We don't want amnesty or anything of the sort! Illegals should leave! Shame on you for not supporting @realDonaldTrump!
Not endorsing Trump = endorsing Hillary b/c everyone knows it's really only a binary choice in Nov ;pls don't be another Ted Cruz
If we lose the election to Hillary in Nov, the blood is on your hands; you know that this election is critical to America/ world
Mr. Flake, the law will ultimately win
WATCH: Sheriffs from across the U.S. pressure the Obama admin. and Congress to start enforcing our immigration laws. 
So you're a social "justice" globalist.  Why aren't you a Democrat?  They've gone the SJW rout. If you want the Reps to, get out.
I will work tirelessly to ensure you are NEVER re-elected! Traitor
Sir, senators like you are why I am an independent & not a Republican. Your party doesn't supersede my country.
Flake you are failed Senator in a state over run with illegal immigrants you need to back Americans not law breakers. Shape Up!

These videos will shock you. https://cards.twitter.com/cards/baapg/1y05g …
Stop embarrassing yourself. It's not abt TRUMP its about protecting AMERICA you know where u serve, took an oath to defend....
it is irresponsible for Gov to say amnesty to all illegal immigrants;Sir many "no form of ids" from their country of origin.
STOP being ok w American Taxpayers being victimized by gov, then told our concerns aren't valid #Trump has good points find them!
Stand up for Americans. If we don't fix EVERYTHING now we're done!  American Taxpayers r getting raped by gov then blamed for it
You know, you aren't supposed to say bad things about him:>
@JohnJHarwood Trump is dangerous for the country. He's connecting with all the rightwing nuts and psychopaths. He is his ego.
I've been a Democrat all my life and I didn't vote Obama and I will not vote for criminal Hillary
Maybe a bit of info about DT.
Your lost Mr. Flake, I will make sure many Arizonan's know your position  in this years election, Arizona will not support you...
Sen. like Jeff Flake should be voted out of office & replaced rep who understands Threat of Clinton.

While his weak stance lasted? You sound like a Dem that wants open boarders. Either your for @realDonaldTrump or your for Hillary
why would you do that before you secure the borders? He will afters borders secured. Common sense
cuck
Why do you think this is about you?! You work for Repub taxpayers of AZ! Trump won the AZ primary! Do your job or get out!
Do the job AZ Repub taxpayers are paying you to do or resign! Hillary has enough blind cheerleaders!
You do know you work for Repub voters of AZ, right?! Trump won majority of AZ Repub primary votes! Do your job or resign!
this is your guy and he will continue to back track making u all look like http://losers.GOP =can't keep promises
Hey stupid flake-His policy was no different than Clinton's in 1995 Your a traitor
I workd trauma at Good Sam-I know the cost of illegals on health care-They get free-citizens pay @realDonaldTrump
Trump needs to deport his entire family back to Germany.
We need borders secured & laws enforced. Why is that so hard for you to understand?
trump will be best for your vision. Seems obvious to me.
what RU doing 2 keep AZ safe? Not a darn thing. Seriously grow a pair & stop living off taxpayers with your free daily luncheons
What have YOU done about the immigration problem? Please explain.
Yeah, you'll be telling yourself that when we vote your Flakey, globalist, puppet ass out.

#MAGA
get out flake
I thought you were Republican sound like a Democrat to me a bleeding heart liberal you're in the wrong party
Your lack of support and hate for Trump is going to be remembered.  Count on it.
I know. And that border wall around your house would've gotten some good use.

What do you say to the those who followed the law, stood in line and worked hard to gain citizenship?
<~~ His name says it all.  A BIG FLAKE
It's politicians like you that have ruined America and what it stands for. But your name says it all......FLAKE
I'm sick of you hounding Trump. Who in God's name would vote or support Hillary, the highest protected criminal in America???
You have zero class!!! You don't care what the people want.
switch parties jeff you are a democrat
It never was! @realDonaldTrump is right on immigration and you are WRONG!
Trumps policy is no different than Clintons
INS, Immigration Attys & Courts sure are going 2 be busy! Where will all these "Illegals" be housed during proceedings?
I think a lot will leave w/ e-verify & cutting off welfare
@NormOrnstein truthfully, it's never very good.
what's the over under on conways lifespan in trump land after the last 3 days?
the right thing for you to do, Senator, is to renounce your support for Trump. Lead the way.

@NormOrnstein did that even make it 24 hours?
Dumpster fire @JeffFlake
@Restart_GOP there was never a time Trump was any good for politics, he's been like this for 40 years or more
You have to go back.
.@JeffFlake what, the #GOP?
I can't believe I'm retweeting Republicans on a daily basis
Another day, another @realDonaldTrump  variation....put enough out there to satisfy everyone....Don-the-Con at his best
It's only Friday - give him until Monday and he'll have a different view.
Hot #Trump fashion.
It will be Congresses job after criminals gone to address illegals still here-not executive like Obama
@JDiamond1 @realDonaldTrump "my immigration policy changes every 30 seconds SO never try to pin me down..."
I understood it-After criminals deported then Congress will decide-t-do your job
@JDiamond1 Please resign and take McStain with you. You do not have the best intrests of Arizonans. You support illegal criminals
Ha. Check this out. Simply astounding
@JDiamond1 Spin never works well for media...Trump continues to make you look like fools 
What's @SenJohnMcCain position on danged fence immigration policy in 2016?
http://www.ontheissues.org/celeb/John_McCain_Immigration.htm …
he will be for amnesty next week if he thinks it will work. Con man suckers .

http://youtu.be/NywWB67Z7zQ 
Is Trump hard or soft today?  I can't keep up.
@Pie_SocialMedia Jeff become an independent and free ur self from all this garbage caucus with the Dems and help our country
Senator, I'm not a republican, but I really like your character.
Seriously guys???  "Traitor or Patriot?" - CNN interview w Edward Snowden http://www.cnn.com/2014/05/29/us/edward-snowden-interview-10-things/index.html …
you were never good and will not last. Vote you out 2018
Just realized, d'oh.  Multiple pivots make a spin.
I think it's more of a cha-cha. There's no 180 degrees move.
@maggieNYT yea of little faith, there is always tomorrow cause he won't remember what he said today!
Really...CNN?? You have no future in the Republican Party in AZ after continuously helping Hillary Clinton.
you wouldn't know good if it jumped up and bit you in the ass
Trump's policy pronouncements are like mayflies.
It's the same as clintons
Trump is demagogue. He changes his policy proposals more often than he changes his socks.
primarying you is going to be fun
#NeverTrump #TrumpTheJoke #Hillary2016 
Do you not own a TV? How many times do you have to witness Hillary Clinton lie to America and to Government???
@KatyTurNBC
@stuartpstevens wrong. Touchback amnesty is the true plan and will never happen since he loses badly to Hillary.
didn't even make it a day! But it was long enough to probably make a Trump record!
sorry Jeff u r a good man but ur party has been hijacked
Did you expect anything else? He's down to basing policy on applause levels from a TV audience.
You ppl are so full of hate-his plan was no different than clintons in 1995
Flip-flop-flap?

Just hang in there for awhile. His position could change again.....
@MariaTCardona I suspect this video may have had something 2 do with DT's fast backpedaling: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=545aq1V1upM&sns=tw … via @youtube
@trumwill @AnnCoulter gets results
DT's campaign finally realized allowing undocs 2 stay by paying back-taxes is "Pay 2 Stay", not much different than "Pay 2 Play"
Am skeptical path to citizenship can work because migrants are too transient and can't meet requirements.
@joanwalsh Taxation without representation again
Although I'm not in the group that thinks he's trying to lose on purpose, I'm still not saying it is impossible either...
Well, that was fast. Probably not the first time @realDonaldTrump heard that.
@MariaTCardona. Just call him rubber band mouth or how about ping pong please ppl for Trump quit drinking his koolade please wake
Are you a Flake, Flake? You are running scared, that's what!
@EliStokols y don't u listen carefully he will help those that r here but if they want a status they have to leave and come back.
Hang tight, he'll circle back 40 more times or so (based on math of alternating his position daily)
Trump is willing to let the 11 million undocumented workers remain here if they pay their back taxes...and his.
.@JeffFlake @LaurenWern HEADLINE - "American GOP sues @realDonaldTrump for Whiplash: 1000's of broken necks due to Immigration Flip Flops"
@KatyTurNBC he never said he would give them legal status unless they walk out n in again. Consulate would work 

@stuartpstevens Check back tomorrow. 
@stuartpstevens I am starting to think that maybe he hasn't really thought any of this through.
Oh well lets put Clinton in so she can continue to sell America out. Is that what you want?
@JohnJHarwood - Ow!  My neck hurts.
You loved useless walls when Republicans held both chambers of Congress and the White House.

http://clerk.house.gov/evs/2006/roll446.xml …
I appreciate your relative negativity on the guy, but isn't it time to come out and strongly oppose this clown?
@KatyTurNBC I'm wasting my time reading this as he'll just change his position again tomorrow anyway..
I understood it-After criminals out, e-verify-then Congress must decide-Not executive orders
No legal status. FOLLOW THE LAW or get deported. LEGAL immigrants did it. Why should we allow criminals to stay? RIDICULOUS.
Coulter and Palin got to him...
His new theme song is Both Sides, Now by Joni Mitchell.
@joanwalsh Time for term limits that stick, no do overs!
Wow Jeff! Ur lucky. I just had not gotten around to letting u know my disappointment, when u were about 2 cave.
@KatyTurNBC word was Mexico said no dinero for wall.
considering that USA gives over 210 million to Mexico annually, they don't really have a choice. #MAGA
Stunning to watch your Republican colleagues support this conman TRUMP. No principles. No convictions.
New nick name for you...OneTermFlake
Jeff, do you ever talk to your colleagues? Or, you know, explain to them that they're failing a moral test?
yeah, you got a whole day there, huh Senator? Get out there and vote for @HillaryClinton would you please?
asking for someone to send help....this has my head spinning
CUCK SENATOR
@mistyfoggyriver Piv...
Nope. Never mind.
@KatyTurNBC
Sorry, it's all my fault. I accused @realDonaldTrump of promoting "amnesty" the other day. Musta got under his thin skin.
I guess he saw a doctor. (snicker!)
No citizenship for illegals is correct. Americans first
His policy is no different than Clintons in 1995
@BresPolitico Was it?
Murdoch? Really? Another big money corrupt media person selling America out for money.
you are slime
Women 4 Trump? Hahaha. Ok, you got me. What's it like, living in that bizarre fantasy world?
Weebles wobble but they don't fall down
@maggieNYT No, it wasn't.
He's allowing millions to stay but they can't become citizens. No mass deportations.
No he said pause-Congress will decide if amnesty
OMG he's a jerk
@KatyTurNBC don't worry it will change again tomorrow
@maggieNYT freaky flake it's time for you to switch parties to the Dems. That's what you are.
@JohnJHarwood it'll be back. 75 days to go. might be back twice, even...
wtf is trumps immigration since anymore???? Seriously, it's been a dozen things in just 24 hours.
listen to the man not the media or talking head sellouts like Flake. Message is on point and has been all along.
Wait 20 minutes...
@JohnJHarwood there u guys go taking words out of context....
AHAHAHAHA   You sound like tRUMP's spokewoman... and UGH that's not good...  #Sycophant
can you say major #Shade?
just wait till Friday!
Poor #GangOf8 @JeffFlake was excited. 
Next #AZSEN to be fired.
Oh so FLAKE was one of the ''gang of eight''?? This explains his stabs at Trump. He's one of the crooked elites.
I told you so!
I told you so in an earlier reply to another tweet. #Trump can't change. He is who he is.
@realDonaldTrump I voted for you once, will NEVER make that mistake again
Trump or Flake?
Flake
