What are you and the establishment clowns doing about it Flake???????????????????? You run your mouths and do nothing.
senator please stop hurting our candidate
How about doing your job once for AZ terrible senator
plus i see yiur faggoty white male ass smiling while tbere is 3 god damn drug epidemics from that border .
because the god dnmb cartels use chain saws and machetes to decapitate women & children etc. thats from the border
@GOP I thought you were a republican and you would support Trump for some of the things he stands for. Like dems. Do
Support Trump! 
Y do you not show all tweets to ur response.. R U aware that most ppl see u made a HUUGGE mistake by bashing DT
God I hope U lose reelection, can't stomach much more of U. Ur voting record is a disgrace!
Which son is your favorite -- the dog killer or the one that calls himself "N1ggerKiller"  ? Good job, Dad!
Hillary will destroy America!! "A republic if you can keep it" Benjamin Franklin
You are a traitor to republican primary voters and to the Republican Party. We will not forget!
You fucking dirtbag! You wont endorse the GOP candidate? That's the same as endorsing Hillary Clinton!
If @JeffFlake won't endorse Trump it is time for him to leave the GOP.  @UofA @BYU
It was time for him to leave well B4 Trump . @freedoms411 @twocentsandmore @UofA @BYU
enjoy benefits of being senator whilst you can. Keep trashing Trump and helping crooked Hillary win and you'll get axed!! #vote
you are not above the cause ... american citizens will be protected under @realDonaldTrump the holy ghost chose him
are u a demorat?
How's it feel to have @realDonaldTrump Tweeting that you're "very weak" & "ineffective?" This jerk is your nominee
flake this is the person your supporting Hillary
Will work to make sure that you are not re ejected  Weak ineffective no leadership. Arizona deserves much better.
I am  a Dem but admire u. U have my vote for pres if u ever run. Trump is disgusting and u r a patriot to say it
in the dark like he usually is. Still that pasted on smile.
You need to spend the same amount to of time and effort stopping Obama & Clinton as watching college football.
Hillary supporter, #SenatorFlaked of Arizona. Flake has flaked. How fitting... #MAGA @realDonaldTrump #AmericaFirst
Sen. like Jeff Flake should be voted out of office & replaced rep who understands Threat of Clinton.
Jeff Flake, you are a puppet for the rep establishment. F**K YOU. Trump will be next POTUS. Your career just tanked.
With the serious problems this country has you politicians are a disgrace to America. A 14% approval rating. WOW!!!!!!
Trump doesn't need to change! He is who he is, a tough talking NYC construction mogul with a big heart. Grow a pair !
stop trying to impress the @nytimes editorial board and grow a pair, support our nominee
Don't be weak on immigration, be a hero.  Get on the train! @realDonaldTrump  @SenatorSessions @immigrant4trump
Jeff. We are on opposite political sides. But thank you for not endorsing Trump. Thank you for standing up to racism
If Trump is elected, I have no idea how I'll explain to my black kids that their president doesn't think they're equal
So thank you again. I may not vote for you, but I respect you for condemning racism.
senator flakey loves crooked Hillary
Weak..Very Weak...
why do you hate this country? YOU ARE INADVERTENTLY SUPPORTING HILLARY!!!!!
You are losing our votes if you don't support the Republican Nominee, Donald J. Trump. Do u want Hillary!?????
wish i lived in az so i could vote u out. Ignorant people should not serve. U done vote trump u vote clinton. Makes u babykiller
you are a clown (w full apologizes to clowns) that continues to do a disservice to AZ.
flake is a flake!
You and the rest of the Republican insiders that aren't supporting Trump. Have just lost the rest of us long-term Republicans! 

ASS WIPE
No, he's a man of integrity who won't support Trump yet. Waiting for Trump to act like a grown man. Not holding his breath.
Flake embrace next POTUS TRUMP 2016 grow some balls jeffey
might want to read the story of Nehemiah @newtgingrich @Perduesenate @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee
we will destroy u as a politician
http://www.usapoliticstoday.com/breaking-wikileaks-just-exposed-democrats-call-pa-ohio-voters-white-trash-stupid-morons/ …
trying to work out who's the biggest fraud- Flaky Flake or Lyin'Ted - all we can do is thank DT for exposing you both so easily
roots against his constituents 
.@UofA. Weknowhse interests he really represents @LDSchurch eventhoBYU rightly kickedhis son out!

u are weak and ineffective!!!
u have lost all respect.
There's no way you will get any support now that you dismissed Trump 
Kristol is toxic to u!
DumpTheTrump
u suck Rhino!
You are weak!
UofA hart loves that gov backed student loan money to pay her super fat salary
This plan sound familiar? Flake calls trump racist 4 same plan today
support #Trump2016 get on the Train. #Hillarysinkingfast
so now RINO Jeff has Hillary defending him. Jeff has been fraud all along
If @realdonaldtrump does not win WH because of morons like @jeffflake , no Trump voter should ever vote GOP again! @reince
Neocons like crooked @JeffFlake should be kicked out of GOP! If Trump does not win---- party is dead anyway! @reince
How about stomping @JeffFlake out. What a horses ass. His ego so big he goes on national TV weekly to diss Donald.
.@JeffFlake quit worrying about football & do your job. Pathetic insider hack. You rather #CrookedHillary, so your pockets stay lined. #MAGA
Brigham Young was a pedo who loved those 15 year old brides! Figures ur a mormon cultist! r u with hillary?
If you can't support the Republican nominee it is time to RESIGN!  We cant let TREASONOUS Hillary stack the courts!!!
is a fake ,vote his ass out ,he caters to illegal aliens ,should be a Calif politician
maybe then you should try and not be a Republican if you can't support @realDonaldTrump
Jeff please enforce current immigration laws !
How about focusing on OUR COUNTRY and illegal immigrants invading our country instead of Football? @realDonaldTrump
Vote this idiot out of office next election.
Who's the Cougar
You're more concerned about Trumps tone instead of HRC actions. You & McCain need to get over yourselves and do your job! 
You are a Traitor to us Americans. You are bought and paid for by lobbyist and special interest groups.
wondering if you think about the taxpayers in your state that don't have a job?
The only GOP Sen. who was pro Iran deal. He takes his directions straight from Salt Lake City. #MAGA #AmericaFirst
idiot
Look! It's a big important game of Sportsball! Our country's going 2hell, but never mind that. Let's watch Sportsball!
Everyone and their brother knows that Flake is a Hillary supporter  - A real FLAKE
when Trump wins, have fun looking for a new job!
Sir. I don't support corruption.  
I voted for you in AZ. BIG regret. Support the party nominee you traitor.

I HOPE YOU HAD FUN MAKING OUT WITH LIBERAL MEDIA @CNN, TRUMP WILL EXPOSE YOU ... FRAUD

@SenJohnMcCain Get ready to confirm Garland if you're not going to support Trump. You're letting down the republican base.
Vile traitor @JeffFlake sells your children out to Muslim rapists to receive praise from corrupt establishment.
Sickening @JeffFlake wants to allow illegals to steal your resources, Muslim "refugees" to rape your children.
Senator Jeff Flake a traitor to this country. We will NEVER forget.
you're nothing more than a racist liberal
nobody gives a shit
I saw you on @FaceTheNation your are 100% on Donald trump. Your a good sentor. Thanks for speaking up for the @GOP.
#fireflake
wow! You suck
you accomplished nothing good with illegal immigration. Trump will be better than you. You want Hillary to win!!
YOU ARE A DISGRACE TO YOUR PARTY!
Are you a Hillary surrogate now? Congrats!
in 2002 he voted in favor of Iraq War (flip) 2006 changed his position on the Iraq War to one opposition (flop).
Jeff is a disgusting greedy democrat in real life
why do you go on TV to bash the GOp nominee? If you can't praise him why not just be quiet? Don't see Dems this.
FLAKE U R ONE FRICKING PUSSY
You are an admirable Republican. I just hope you don't use "Democrat" as an adjective instead of "Democratic."
whattt? Uh No.
if trump gets elected you wont get re elected next round. Should support your party looser.
everyone in Arizona vote against Flake. #nomoreflake
@jordanfarrell21 it looks like he's away
