 Must be racist. He's fine with racist Sessions as AG. This country can't survive with men like either of these two.
consider this video before finalizing your vote. https://www.facebook.com/edrinwilliams/posts/10100770562209589 …
So much for all of that principle you showed during the election... That dried up quickly.
r u willing to stand up andoppose the premium supportofMedicare nonsense proposed by Ryan as gutting of Medicare
have my family as we adopted from DRC a few years ago. This is a chance for us to show our country forward, not backward (2/2)
You need to read this .. Bannon is a fan of Lenin and wants to "destroy the state" .. don't help him
Green lighting all Trump wants is going to land you on wrong side of history .... my mistake, I thought you were a man of faith.
LDS chased across the US; many still aren't fans of your religion. How can you support someone who's a religious bigot?0
@brahmresnik @SenatorSessions No He's Really NO ! Tens of MILLIONS DISAGREE! #NoSessions #CivilRightsAct Confirmation 2 Judge #NO
and I will work to get you out during the mid-terms. Confirm and enjoy your last two years as a senator of AZ.
we will vote him out in 2018 AZ04
Way to turn UR back on UR faith & people who were counting on U to do right thing . you are just worried about getting reelected
The same Sessions who said the Ku Klux Klan was "OK until I found out they smoked pot"? This is not a popularity contest.
Sessions voted against bipartisan legislation to curb sexual assault in the military in 2014 and 2015.
I'm GUTTED by this @JeffFlake You gave me hope decent Anglo men who care about fairness were Senators. At least I still have @SenJohnMcCain
/ This is disappointing. I thought you are different @JeffFlake
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2016/11/18/arizona-poll-sen-jeff-flake-has-weak-support-going-into-2018-gop-primary/ …
This America only exists in Republican's minds .. this isn't reality
My America looks more like this .... including  AZ ...
Sessions voted against reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act in 2013.
If you support Sessions then you are supporting a racist.
You are normalizing hate ...  your vote for Sessions is normalizing this ... http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-na-pol-white-nationalists-thinktank-20161119-story.html …
75% of Americans did not vote for Trump ... God is watching sir; Heaven isn't white.
I'm so disappointed in my representatives for supporting a white nationalist. We'll remember this in 2018.
we will vote you out in 2018 here in AZ04
I thought well of you when you stood up against Trump, losing all respect for you now. And I AM from your district.
we need to vote flake out in 2018 Debbie in azo4
You can call Senator Flake at this number (602-840-1891) to urge him to reconsider this position.
ty Jordan
I disagree. Sessions was rejected from a similar position in 1986 because of his racism. Sessions will undo decades of progress.
I'd strongly encourage you to reconsider this support of @SenatorSessions as AG. It flies in the face of the support you (1/2)
Will you be objecting to the TAXPAYER funded home/security cost of Melania not moving to @WhiteHouse?
Thanks for having the courage to support @SenatorSessions .  Praying for God's wisdom for you.  Going to get ugly.
what a surprise from u.. this man is a racist and anti Semite and u think he's a nice guy check out the rise of neo Nazis and KKK
So basically cities will be forced to do this and Sessions will approve violations against constitution?
.@MichelleBernard describes the dangerous challenges that could arise if police are used as ICE agents #AMJoy 
As a resident of AZ I will work to get you out in mid-terms if you confirm him. There are many of us that will.
C'mon Jeff, Sessions will NEVER Care about "Black/Brown Lives Matter only be for StopFriskArrest..No Comm Police
U Support HangEm for Marijuana? Calling AfricanAm Men "Boys"? Supporting KKK? That "Groping" is NOT Sex Assault?
Sessions is a hateful man who only supports straight white Christian men. Flake is the perfect name for you.
Where do you draw the line? Clearly beyond the point that he said the KKK wasn't so bad, & the fact he called black lawyer "boy."
, @SenatorSessions offends military families who know our wonderful military is diverse. Has disrespected blacks repeatedly.Shame.


well, didn't take long for you to roll over. So glad to see you standing strong against racism in our country.
look at his true history he's no racist
Ya sold out!
Ann Kirkpatrick 2018.  False moderate Jeff Flake has to go!
that is not acceptable. I held you in high regards when u spoke your mind about Trump but Sessions? Very disappointed!
How can you support anyone that is supported by the KKK? I'd expect this from McCain but not from you. #noracism
You served a full-time mission in South Africa.  If anyone should know a racist upon seeing one, you should. #Apartheid
You are the company you keep.
GOP has burned the party down. I'm out, off to McMullin's rising conserv. party! Out with these old white men!
do I know what complicit means ?
You can be well liked and regarded and still be a threat to people in the US.
he is a racist
Let me get this straight: @SenatorSessions was too racist to be a judge & is no longer racist? Guess pigs do fly #SelloutFlake
idiots.
sadly, you have no integrity, Senator. You deserve scorn and contempt. Disappointed in you.
Phoned you to express my EXTREME disappointment. In AZ, so left name/address for return letter. Waiting to hear.
Shame on you! I saw a beacon of hope. My loved ones & I will bombard you with letters for the rest of your term.
The last good thing Sessions did was play the banjo in Deliverance when he was a kid
may be liked by Sen peers, women subjected to assault don't agree #standforwomen #unity http://bit.ly/2fDS8DW 
No, he's not well liked or well regarded by black people, or me. I was hoping you'd stay off the Trump Train. Oy! @brahmresnik
@RepKirkpatrick will be on the ticket with name recognition and without the racism,  we'll see you soon
We'll see you on the #MidTerm 

You aren't @JohnMcCain & you know #McCain had weak support in Arizona
@dennis_welch @SenatorSessions haha. Everyone get a load of #candyass @JeffFlake . Finally on board the #trumptrain now that it's popular 
History has its eyes on you.
I keep reading that he's a racist. Don't support him.
This isn't a popularity contest. Sen. Sessions wrongfully prosecuted civil rights workers. Pls don't do this.
Have you met him?
I cannot believe you are serious. Disappointed in this. Will remember next election
I can see the blinders are on.
I had hope that you might actually be willing to do the right thing. That hope is gone.
please don't vote for him. His racial stances from the past and his antiLGBT issues are very troubling
Hey, bigot. WTH is "Is well LIKE" ? Proofread your damn tweets before you hit send.....
Very disappointing.
So shocked that an election launders all racism from the GOP.
PoC will remember these comments in 2018. #ExpectUs
What happened to your spine?
i must say, as Klansmen go, he is a real peach.
Racists stick with racists. @JeffFlake @SenatorSessions
he's a racist, bottom line. if he wasn't qualified to be a judge he sure as hell isn't qualified to run Justice
so much for standing up for the values this country is built upon.
I guess you'd like to be unemployed in 2018. We can make that happen.
NO!! He was too racist to be supported in the past, but now it's ok?? Please reconsider the message you'll send
Really???? He's a damn racist. Didn't take long for you to change your colors. Sheep following the racist flock.
sporting someone who is racist/will do racist things shows us all that you're an unapologetic racist yourself.
.@JeffFlake What, neither you nor @SenatorSessions know any women? #ViolenceAgainstWomen #notOK
David Duke appreciates your support of choice for AG.
Remember the good ol' days when being a racist would have been a disqualifier for either party?
So you're a racists simpleton too? @SenatorSessions
And thus, support his opposition to civil rights and equality. That is unconscionable.
Truly, a Profile in Cowardice
,@JeffFlake You showed a moment of integrity but now it's gone. You're just another political hack after all. @SenatorSessions
A principled Republican would denounce this and walk away.
Flake is up for re-election in 2018. He's falling in line & licking his boot b/c he knows he'll lose in 2018 if he defies trump.
I hope you're looking for a new job. 2018 will be here before you know it
And the normalization of white supremacy takes hold with Sen. Flake. No thanks Senator!
this is very disappointing. He is incredibly anti-immigrant!
Sessions is a racist.
@SenatorSession  Well liked by white folks.  Not so much by non white males.    Go figure.
Shame on you.
So this homophobic racist is well liked. YEP, AND GUESS WHO LIKES HIM? HIS OWN KIND! THOSE ARE THE FACTS.
Glad to see racism is alive and well in the GOP
~@JeffFlake are the details in this piece about @SenatorSessions false, or just no big deal?
it's no big deal to him. Racism is A-OK to Senator Flake.
So are you also unclear about what sexual assault is?
how very disappointing Senator Flake.
lol if the alt left hates it, I'm all for it! 
I believe everyone deserves a chance to prove us wrong. I trust the judgment of someone who knows him.
How do you get past his racist tendencies? We can't have that as AG. Thought you better than this
I look forward to practice civil disobedience around deportation raids
As one of your AZ constituents, I am appalled by your support.  His record is unsuitable for the AG position.
Just called your office (expect a call back) and sent email (expect answer).  This nominee is a racist.  Not OK
@JoeAlv @franglophonic @heyyjenni @tavrunner @b9sweeney @GeoffreyMurry Now u can be added 2 the growing list of #SpinelessCowards
.@JeffFlake Major disappointment! From a conservative with balls to a pussy in 1 week. @SenatorSessions is nothing short of Grand Wizard!
I don’t “always” or EVER agree with racism. Supporting Sessions = supporting racism. You. Are. A RACIST.
Very disappointed to hear this Senator Flake.
Disgusting
Racism in our government is unacceptable. S mayor Flake I thought you were a man of honor.
Christ on a crutch Jeff you're better than this.The poison of White Supremacy is flooding the White House.
Way to sell out. Putting a racist in that job is a slap at the American people. Shame on you.
ah, remember the good ol days when they told us "dont worry, if trumps elected, the 'normal republicans' will keep him in line."?
By agree with him, do you mean his racist comments?
you're a horrible senator for supporting this nominee
Let be honest, you have no fucking choice but to support him!
Can't conjugate?
@SenatorSessions
no he is a terrible human being jeff, stop it with this support
I thought ur for immigration reform. @SenatorSessions Will deport everybody.
No, he's not...
Is this how quickly the GOP rolls over for its Leader?
too racist to be a judge but not AG? Great...
By "disagree" you mean being a target of his racism and bigotry? You are embarrassing our country.
Aren't you supposed to, you know, vet them first and stuff?
Is Sessions a) changed from his previously racist views or b) those views are current but not disqualifying?
When disqualifiers aren't disqualifiers anymore. You ask for a miracle,I give you the G...O...P #RacismCantStand
Think about the state u represent before u sell out to support this racist. I know you dream of being the Sr Senator. Good luck
Disappointing. Sessions would dial back civil rights in ways not seen for decades.
I've respect for you, Sen. Flake. But Sen. Sessions, I fear your racist background/tendencies will color yr job.
2018 is very soon
Wow, you had a spine during the election and now this?! Just called your office. Say goodbye in 2018!
so you support racists. Duly noted.
You better find your backbone and stand up against Trump's insanity. This will not cut it.
thanks for not caring about minorities. You're a profile in courage.
All of these statements from you, and no mention of Bannon. I will keep calling your offices until one is made.
Jeff Sessions is a KNOWN RACIST

You are now the Nazi party.
but not enough to be a federal judge
