Looks like you will be eating McDonalds after election loss
if only we can get rid of you and get a real conservative elected next cycle
I can hardly wait 2 years to be able to vote you OUT! You do nothing for #Arizona but embarrass us. We're going to #draintheswamp
68 likes! I'd say you made a good call.
Amen Ron! @JeffFlake's done nothing 4 #Arizona except make liberals happy. He's done in 2 yrs when @kelliwardaz takes his seat!
:>))))))
That whole crow is still on your plate! Insyead of promising humility,You should have worked w/Pres4USA not against him &USA!
This man acts like a child! 
Jeff Ward supports the TPP, so in other words, he wants NO jobs in USA, everyone on welfare. He's Obama.
Hey @JeffFlake, 
This didn't age well.  Can't wait for your replacement to be voted in.
Cant wait till your gone.
You can also go back to eating something else phony.
You are a perfect fit for CNN after you are voted out. You and CNN are very creative liars. Perfect match.
@JeffFlake U liar, I live in Az&we find your behavior to be appalling, U should remove yourself. I'm going 2 Promote/Campaign 4 @kelliwardaz
VOTE FOR @kelliwardaz to replace @JeffFlake #DeFlakeArizona #TrumpArmy #TrumpTrain #KelliWard
He does not support Pres Trump! Is another traitor to the Republican Party!
Cant wait to you loose
You had your chance on the Trump train and you blew it. Better update your resume
You are so done.  Your just in panic mode now that you are 25 points behind.  We warned you Republicans not to trash Trump.
I prefer KELLI WARD!!   She IS a Republican.
- Are you taking your lead from McCain now? GOD is dealing with McCain now since he has gone to the dark side against Americans.
- Amazing how you have changed! OR are you just promoting your book for MONEY. After investigation Trump did say O was a citizen.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
No way will Trump have you.
This liberal is grateful a conservative like you is on board to protect the rights of all of us.
WOW. THAT'S UNHEARD OF, FROM A LIBERALS MOUTH. 
Healing speech??? WTF...????? Kissing ass already, huh?  #NotMyPresident
Ur that stupid rnt http://you.lol 
Don't give in so easy. Stop this maniac before he's sworn in. The country and the world deserves better
You really are a flake.
you don't need to eat crow, you broke with party to do what was right. I'm a dem but you have my respect in that regard.
That's not good enough Jeff.  U will be punished for ur traitorous act. Say bye to the Senate & GOP.  Actions have consequences.
YOU LOOK FORWARD TO WORKING WITH TRUMP?  YOU MAKE ME SICK... BASH HIM ALL ELECTION, HOW YOU GROVEL FOR A POSITION, LOSER!
How's that #resistance working out??
Yes, you were sooooo gracious during the presidential election. So supportive of the GOP nominee. Schmuck.
Recently moved from AZ to Ca.  Wish I was still there to vote you out!  Rinos beware!  AZ find a good replacement for his seat!
why is calling out an inarticulate racist misogynistic eating crow? My opinion of him has not changed
Not so fast, Jeff.
You're up for re-election in a couple years.
WE will NOT forget you intentionally undermining our movement.
A little TOO LATE TO EAT CROW!  We in AZ remember what you did and said.  We expect our politicians to support us - "2018 change"
You can never eat enough crow. Stick a fork in it. You are done!
I'm a Democrat but I do admire you for standing up for what is right despite pressures. No need in eating crow. God be with you
you will lose my vote
You're really a two-faced flake, aren't you.
I like you and am not even a Republican.  This president and congress will bear a lot of watching-- you are pretty good at that.
eating crow? You were/are right about Trump. Trump is dangerous- plz don't forget that.
Eating crow references the humiliation of being wrong. To the contrary, political outcomes aside, you stood by your principles.
got conned again
Stop. 18 mos of lies, racist, misogynistic, disrespectful, ignorant bile from him & you think NOW he's sincere? #NotMyPresident
.@JeffFlake Better get a bucket!
I always suspected you were a fake non DT-supporter, I was right!!
ok, let me get this straight, now that the racist won, you want to work with him.. I'm sure you have your tic tacs too
hilarious!!
"Eating crow"? Was your stance not based on principle? Is the bigotry and breadth of hatred now acceptable? Quite a shameful comment.
"Eating crow"? Was your stance not based on principle? Is the bigotry and breadth of hatred now acceptable? Quite a shameful comment.
working w/ him when you couldn't work with him before? Least we (conservatives)  know who our friends are.
Need a little salt to give it some flavor. You made a bad calculated move.
don't forget sucking up & kowtowing. Predictably disappointed in my AZ senator on Chuck Todd. Hoped maybe you had some backbone.
in AZ pickins are slim these days
don't eat crow for standing by your principles - as long as they're the right principles
EAT SHIT FLAKE WERE VOTING YOU OUT TRAITOR!
"Back to eating crow?" 
It was somehow wrong to stand up to hatred, misogyny & bigotry? Wow. Good 2 know where u stand.
are you serious???  You weren't wrong because he read one nominally gracious speech off a TelePrompTer. Read Charles Blow today
How's that crow? Need any catsup?
Here is an idea, meant in the best, most respectful way. Become a Democrat and build the party to include real moderates.
20+million losing health ins? Muslims forced to carry ID cards? End of Fed Min Wage? LGBT rights? Will you fight this?
well, there's a sucker born every minute as the saying goes.
Senator, 1 speech does not "HEAL" 4+ years of denigration &  or his stated disdain 4 50% +/- of Americans. 1st step, apologize.
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time." Maya Angelou.  ...................Senator, Mr Trump did this.
is a POS.
Watch your back. He has already created an 'enemies list'...you're bound to be on it!
brown nose
If you can't hear the screams of the people, what purpose do you serve in Congress? Take your ear mitts off and listen!
good luck w that. He holds a grudge.
maybe you learned something it's hard eating crow not enough meat on it
Good God, man.  Don’t go all toady now.  You were right then, and you’re right now.  Have a spine.
don't lose your principles. You were right 2 stand against Trump- his win didn't change that. America needs R's who challenge him
America "looks forward" to you protecting the country from him.
Don't give up on your principles just because he won. Voters in your state deserve better from you.
NO! You did the right thing!! Jesus. A small margin of victory does not erase all we witnessed and heard in this campaign!!
So you are going to roll over to? Sad, just resign and let adults who will stand up to the bully do the real work
you were right! Now go to work for America and make him accountable
MILLIONS of Americans in #Arizona are praying you will eat a lot of that crow, you ARE part of the problem w/DC!!!!
No, Trump is. He's going to be more of a tool of establishment interests than Clinton ever was. @JeffFlake
Resign! ...assuming you have a shred of dignity....
At least you're honest and humble about it. I can't say the same for the others. American Renaissance is here! A new era in USA!
I love your humility and self-deprecating humor. Keep up the great work for AZ
what did you expect you hate filled progressive liberal? #NeverFlake a lot of folks cannot wait for election day!
trump doesnt have support lmao,you have know ideal what the american people want,your out in 2018 cant wait
Voters spoke loud & clear here in AZ. Uphold your duty to serve & protect. Arizona is watching your checks and balances, Senator.
You weren't wrong.  Will the Trump admin be influenced by bigotry and racism? It's how he's gotten this far. Principles > party.
You are going to get Primaried @Cernovich @JaredWyand @ReturnofRV #maga3x #maga
Thank you for the kind words SNOWFlake!
Enjoy the next 2 years.  Look what happened to Kelly Ayotte in NH.   Your next.   We won't forget.
Don't sacrifice your principles just to get along.  No crow necessary.  Your initial judgment was correct.
2018 is going to be interesting for you. KW in the primary then if u get past that... probably Kyrsten in general.
@MacandGaydos Please don't forget he was a terrible son-of-a-bitch to lots of people. Are you saying all that was OK???
we are going to do everything we can to get you out of office! You are a traitor to the GOP and you do not belong in the Senate!
Kelli Ward will win election and you will be gone and we in Arizona will dance in the streets. You are evil goodbye.
@robgcarroll you're awesome Senator Flake!!
Weren't you one of those never Trump folks? Now your going to work with him.
the basket of deplorables are coming for you next. Enjoy your last years in office 
Be a pain in his ass.
That was a good, healing reply. Thanks!
I appreciate your principled stand.  Good luck!
Surprising DJT didn't "grab" you right after you tweeted this.
son= dog killer
Enjoy your crow for the next 2 years, Jeff.  We're coming to drain the swamp in 2018.  
@kelliwardaz
Agree with the Crow 
thanks for those words.As an Az voter i hope you mean them.We feel that you have not been hearing us. Voters in az not happy w/ u
Or you could remember why you distanced yourself from him in the first place and continue your opposition. Principal > Power
Apparently Trump is keeping a "list" of his enemies. That is the type of BS we feared from this guy - stay with us Sen. Flake!
@NicoleCritesTV if he has his way... it won't be crow... #staystrong
no matter how you feel time will be the one and only true judge of Donald Trump
u got that right. Keep stuffing it in. We won't forget those who opposed!
there is no crow to eat. U were absolutely right about Trump and had the integrity to stand behind it. Ur a Statesmen, he is not.
- 2 years. Tick tock!
Stand tall, Senator.  This is going to be a rocky ride...
pass me a wing, please
We the people will unseat you next yr. We don't forget disloyalty >>@SpeakerRyan
@thehill @nytimes @WSJ @NRO @Varney&Co Will take U long time 2eat all Crow U need 2eat. Might finish B4 next election lost
You were one of the few to have the courage to stick by your convictions. No crow necessary. Work to accomplish good for all of us.
Americans have spoken, you forget who you work for .. We The People of Arizona and we chose #PresidentElectTrump
no we need politicians with courage!
@ImpactDemocracy does he know he's on the enemies list?
I can't wait to donate to your primary opponent.
you should be SO ashamed of yourself. You could have helped to stop this train wreck.
our new Trump nickname for you is "false prophet" - lucky we did not follow your lead on Merrick Garland.
you and your buddy McCain are the reason the Republican party is in shambles
Do you know what it means to be "PRIMARIED"? #draintheswamp
I've got some salt for you.
Just keep him from starting a nuclear war, Jeff.
What healing speech? He's been trying to heal us since he got the nomination. YOU HAVE been tearing us apart. Give me a break!
Me too but I admire your principled stand. It gave me hope to know that I'm not alone as a republican.
ya need some salt?
nice-you're in that swamp we talk about... gonna drain it for sure-it'll be great.
your face was all over tv making a name for yourself... You really are the worst of politicians Jeff
.@JeffFlake A bottle of Maria's XXX Habanero would make your foul much more palatable.
I'm a Dem next door in Nevada. I admired your standing up to Trump. Please don't stop. Be proud.
Go back to the swamp!
Skip the crow and go for dessert.  Thank you for not buying into the bs and bullying. #flakedidntfake  #holdyourheadhigh
Start polishing your resume. You are done.
Choke on that CROW Flake! @realDonaldTrump must be very careful working with you & McCain!! You sir r going down! Never forget!!!
when a liberal is thanking you for your work, you're not doing it right. @kelliwardaz
#draintheswamp
DEM BACKS DEMS THROUGH GOOD OR BAD. RHINOS LIKE YOU BOW DOWN TO THE MEDIA, ANY ADVERSITY. ITS PLAIN AND SIMPLE YOU ARE A COWARD
@Bencjacobs At least you stuck with what you thought was right for our country.
unfollow
I don't think you can eat that much. Here's hoping your next primary sees you on the short end. Regret ever voting for you.
Will work to help @kelliwardaz to defeat you in 2 years! Traitor.
Enjoy your last two years. @kelliwardaz will be sending your phony smile home
you'll be fine Senator Flake.
welcome to America again
you best keep  your head down and your mouth shut
@jmb76109
nice tweet. I think the country is ready to work hard and they probably hope D.C. works hard too.
I'm with Betsy on this one! Two years and your gone.
And we look forward to giving Dr. Kelli Ward your seat, SnowFLAKE. We The People will never, ever forget #2016Turncoats!
@ImpactDemocracy Sen Flake - I am left leaning independent and I voted straight dem TKT here in AZ   BUT want 2 say I admire u 
I need to eat crow. From a Nasty Woman dem- keep up the good work and stick to your principles- now do your job for SCOTUS
no need to eat crow!!
going to be a chilly four years for you, sir
Hold your head high, Jeff.  You put country ahead of party & are a great role model. Thanks for your decency & honor.
@Bencjacobs Keep fighting for the soul of your party, Sen. As a Dem, please believe me when I say America really needs you.
"Humbleness" looks so good on some people--
KNEE STATUS:
BENT
: I hope @realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan, and @SenateMajLdr transform the @gop into the party of liberty. http://www.politicalfolks.com 
Don't lay down. If Trump continues his campaign behavior and stances you need to stand against it. Don't kneel and kiss the ring
No. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
No, Senator- YOU were and are right. You don't change bc Joffrey ascends to the throne. Just don't go out like Ned Stark
Do not give this guy a blank check like R's did with Bush. Do the right thing.
Mark your Calendar. Your days are numbered, Traitor.
You're still out in 2018 @JeffFlake .  We don't forget.
#MAGA
with a side order of cuck
You should have supported Trump Your words were used against us A loss would have meant the end of America's exceptionalism
Your lack of support for the Republican candidate is remembered and you will not win re-election.
Darn tootin'! Please learn from the tough crow-flesh. We need tough leaders like you. Back on your horse now & get to work!!
it's OK http://Jeff.you  are still a good guy. And are doing a good job for AZ
And you have a lot of it to eat. Just wonder if it will help to re-elect when time comes.
I don't agree with some of your positions but to be one of the few who stood by your principles has made me proud to be my sen
you didn't eat crow. You stood up for principles. A lot of us were wrong, but this D values what you offer to our discourse.

@JavierSotoTV You did what you believed was right, I appreciate you standing up for Sen. McCain
glad you recognize you were completely wrong.
Drain the swamp! That means you!
