There should be a merit based system for politicians. IQ, Immigrant Citizenship and psychological tests come to mind.
WTH?
Damn. He needs to be paying attn at home instead of selling books
Put unemployed Americans back to work first before we allow more H1-B specifically in Tech.
Tell that to Trump who just requested 15,000 work visas for his properties. He only employs low wage non-English speaking foreigners.
I feel sorry for those workers,  he doesn't like to pay. Probably exchange labor for food/shelter.
Trump gets away w/not paying people, or low wages. Everyone is afraid of him.
I voted for @POTUS agenda. I'm a AZ voter. Maybe there is someone who will #RepealAndReplace #CutTaxes #BuildTheWall that I can vote for?
I guess ever time someone speaks out against GOP. There a traitor.  smh
You're not going to get affordable insurance with Trumpcare. Read the bill. Why support throwing 20-30 million others off insurance?
It's not throwing anyone off. It gives choice and reduces Medicaid over years. Expanding makes it unaffordable for the working
Tough crap we are onto you know all about your backdoor tactics undermine our POTUS and help Dems you obstructionists need to be voted out!
The needs of our country are US Citizens 1st...take care of our Vets and homeless then help others
In your position as elected official Your first responsibility is to AZ Citizens safety by enforcing laws. Refining legal immigratn is 2nd.
No shit Jeff
You afraid there won t be anyone to clean your bathroom? Racist
My great great grandparents wouldn't have made it in on the merit system. Neither would Mar-a-Lago employees.
Neither would Trump's parents or Melania. Can we make this merit system retroactive???
Congressman Flake, I just wonder where you stand these days.  I will not be voting for you next time.
So, you are saying, we need more immigrant workers, while, there are 95 M Americans unemployed? Or do we need more immigrants w/money?
Make legal immigration easy. No quotas. Stop the "anchor baby" policy which enables welfare for a family with undocumented parents.
- our economy, + my donors
The economy will always want cheaper labor.  That concern shouldn't dominate U.S. immigration policy to the exclusion of other concerns.
Decisively supporting both sides of issue lol. "Drastic cuts" is subjective & insures mushmouth politician can modify a previous statement.
Flake now wants amnesty for 12 million illegals - instead of a wall. That's "not much of a governing philosophy."
Why aren't you a democrat
Yes, to MERIT-BASED SYSTEM. No sir, you are incorrect about cutting legal immigration. We DO need to drastically cut legal immigration. #USA
or maybe just your family right flake ?
Generally, when someone says "but", everything they said before is a lie. You want open borders. PERIOD. At least be honest about it.
If we need more with money, WHY ARE WE ALLOWING ILLEGALS IN & GIVING THEM FREE FOOD, HOUSING, AND MONEY? Makes no sense UNLESS U WANT VOTES
That's a load of horse shit.
Create a better idea.  Times up.  Time to do something about imigration reform NOW! If you don't have a better idea that's ok but Times up
RHINO!
We need productive immigrant, not those that bleed our country dry.  Get with the program Senator!
Drain the swamp of politicians that don't care about americans..
And that would be all senators who chose to vacation or "return home", as they have shunned their responsibilities in Washington.  SAD!
No what you really  mean too say is   your worried you won't get elected if you take a stand against Illegals   JFK 2 SDD
Don't u mean the needs of ur backyard
I support a 'No Jeff Flake' based system for senate membership. #DrainTheSwamp
So what your really are saying is that as immigration numbers are cut AMERICANS will get a chance for the job and not cheap 3rd world Labour

Thank God flake won't be around much longer!
It's pretty telling senator when ALL the tweeting #Conservatives criticize you, and ALL the #Liberals praise you. Humm? #RINO #MAGA
Put your hat on and ride out to distract and deceive the @USBP_HonorFirst . You are a hypocritical #RINO like @SenJohnMcCain and need to GO!
You're very Flake News and a member of the Swamp. @POTUS is doing great things for America, why can't you support his agenda? YOU DON'T CARE
Trump is finally fixing the broken immigration system. That is what is good for the economy.  As usual you are wrong.
Amnesty for illegals makes any legal immigration policy pointless - and while our economy survives immigration, no one's shown we need it.
We have millions of young people with huge student debt and they can't find decent jobs. You must be delusional.
time you and your 70's porn haircut get out of D.C.
you want slaves? GTFOH
Jeff Flake, the new Juan McCain.  What is AZ thinking? Too many Californians infiltrating your state & voter base?
It won't! Get over it. Actually, get out of the way.
You should be concerned about your sub20% approval. You are pandering to those who didn't elect you. Letting Arizonans down.
embarrassed i voted for the guy. the republican party in yavapai county better heed this and get someone we can vote for
You're part of the problem! @realDonaldTrump
you are losing your voter base.51 percent of immigrants are on welfare and free healthcare while we have vets dying on the streets
All during the campaign, Pres. Trump advocated increase in H1B & Skilled Workers, & retaining top foreign grads of domestic US colleges.
You are one scary guy. It seems you want power and money. Instead of caring what we the people want. You won't win again. So give up now!!
RINO
Seditious, anti-American. Your polls are lower than Trump. You should take note everyone else is. Vote party line, quit thinking you r smart
How would bringing in people that are not broke and can speak English hurt the economy?
It's truly shocking how you and your colleagues are so out of touch with the average American voter. #MAGAMajority
Have you been to Walmart on Thomas lately?
Blah Blah Im really a Dem Blah Blah I support whatever Hillary Clinton would have, but I'll sound conservative if challenged in a primary
How much is the chamber of commerce paying you to sell out american workers??
As the wages for those jobs rise,   the labor shortage will take care of itself.
We the people are NOT concerned What you should be worried about is getting something accomplished Like Health Insurance and Taxes @POTUS
"...would run counter to the wants of my donors"
There. FTFY
My concern about you is your lies and disingenuous rhetoric. and how you back stab POTUS, your nothing more then a two faced hypocrite RINO
You mean take it away from Americans & give it to illegals Why don't you remove your happy butt from the WH MOVE to Venezuela they need you
How did the great State of Arizona manage to elect two such abysmal US Senators?? One is mad as a hatter and the other completely pithless.
I'm concerned you run counter to conservative principles.
You have a purple ring around your neck
We need to get all immigration under control.
Stop being an obstructionist to the American people. We don't want your Globalist ideas. That was made clear in Nov. 2016!
Did you grow up poor? you don't seem to get the American people voted for POTUS bc we need Immigration curbed.
This Bill is for Green Card Holders. I am sure if we run short HB 1 Visa's can be increased if there is a sudden need. Stop making excuses
You will never know until We try. If only low wage earners keep coming than the American people cannot be brought up out of poverty.
http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/frequently-requested-statistics-immigrants-and-immigration-united-states#Demographichttps://www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/forbrn.pdfhttp://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/08/04/why-trumps-new-immigration-bill-makes-sense-215457 … NO EXCUSE voters expect GOP to PASS RAISE Act
Time for you to go! Traitor to our Country!
Support the agenda don't be another obstructionist.  We want change.  MAGA!
Legally. And why don't you call@all@people@who bashed bush trump@@Reagen @@i mean now your upset with our President call
Do illegals vote for you and the traitor senior senator!
The cuts are required to offset uncontrolled illegal and legal immigration in the past 8 years.
Plus, we know that you and McCain are just working off contributions from your Corp bosses to keep American wages depressed. No secret.
I am concerned you would sell our countries needs for a kit kat bar
All of these republicans replying to your tweet hate you so you better find a new job
@kelliwardaz she will replace you so no one cares what you think
Who cares what you think?
We support a merit-based system for our Senators. And you ain't doin' so well. #FlakeOut Vote for @kelliwardaz
U must support our @potus! We all need to stand strong together with our president

#enemyofthepeople is spreading.lets see what happens in 2018. If u haven't figured out over 1000 dem seats lost under obama for a reason.
Good luck next yr!trump got voted in because of his agenda.  immigration system is so broken. Welfare is out of control. We cant keep paying
Keep yur concerns. I say enough
Support the President's immigration plan
Maverick Jr., To many people in this country abusing the system! Enough is enough
I think you are wrong. I voted for you but wll not again. I don't know one person in AZ that likes you anymore. RHINO.
@kelliwardaz will replace you in 18, you are obviously not behind our President and deserve to be where you are. Drain the Swamp.That is you
Do NOT deserve to be in your position.
Typical politician double talk.  #LockHerUP #LockHerUP #LockHerUP  #MAGA
U would be WRONG!  Oppose our President on this, and we will flood your opponent with funds.
Obviously, you're for keeping wages down for US citizens. We have many unemployed citizens on handouts. We need to put them to work.
Arizona, please replace this sorry excuse of a senator. He's only in it for himself and his corporate paymasters.
We need a 5 year moratorium on all immigration, and massive cuts to visas for skilled labor. Stop stealing American's jobs!
Flake supports big business donors looking to pay slave labor wages.  #SupportKellyWard
Liar... just say you want open borders Benedict.
Really? Please name one need of our economy that would suffer.
Implementing merit based Congressional voting. Yeah @kelliwardaz, Jeff, we've already told you via @POTUS , now you're out #MAGA
What does your son deserve?
to America in early 1900's to be AMERICANS, paid their own way, spoke english & started businesses that hired people. No welfare!
You & corrupt politicians; chamber of commerce want to give more visas that displace American workers. NO MORE. My German grandparents came
POTUS is right to reform immigration. NO to illegal immigrants. YES to legal immigrants who can assimilate (speak english) & PAY their way!
I support someone/anyone who runs against you.
#AntiAmerica #AntiAmerican #Globalist #ElitePartyAgenda
#GOPforCorporationsInsteadOfTheirOwnMembers
If we're paying unemployment, then any immigration is too much. Ban welfare and I'm for an open border. Otherwise, WE'RE FULL
I suggest people look at your opponent @kelliwardaz she wants to make America great again like Donald Trump and not like you
You mean your donors
So what did you think when there was less immigration quotas before, blame President Trump, idiot?
Kelly Ward for Senate!
Poll= 18% LOL!!!
The cuts are great!
When you criticize without offering your own viable solution, it is called WHINING.
We expect to hear honesty from you about immigration practices in this country and exactly who has benefitted from legal & illegal inflows.
So you're concerned that your donors won't get as much cheap labor and they would have to hire Americans.
You are a open borders leftists
Your done! You need to sit back and hush now! 18% is all you have! You dug your hole! Lay in it traitor!!! #MAGA
Instead of new immigrant why don't you worry about welfare cheaters and make them go to work?
You said "country before party" but negative against president it's hurting agenda.
FYI, check the stats. Immigration was close to half million for years and years. How else do we control immigration gone wild.
You are a hypocritical Never-Trumper.  Enjoy you last year in office
You are just about over, thankfully. Dr. @kelliwardaz is coming your way.
It never pays off to be a #NeverTrumper.

How much did you sell out to Soros for, Flake?
Immigration isn't nothing but a drain on our society and I for one don't see any benefit to these people being in our country.
Immigration is destroying our country and you self-serving politicians don't give a damn about American born citizens.
Flake, what do you propose we do when our country is over populated. We don't need more immigration.
Really Jeff? I don't recall much of a economy the last 8yrs while flooded w/illegal border crossers!Y don't you look out for actual citizens
Don't worry!!! If U paid attention you'd know that based on the rate that we now let ppl into our country we'll have a population EXPLOSION!
Just another LIE from Jeff Flake the "FLAKE."  Y don't you just run as a DEMOCRAT & quit trying to fool the WORLD, bc U R not CONSERVATIVE!
Jeff, you need to get out of politics, at least in the USA.  You have lost the best interest of this country.
You mean, "My corporate donors are concerned."
You mean to Arizona employers who use cheap and illegal labor. Get those on welfare in Arizona to do the work.  No more welfare for the lazy
I hust watched your interview on Meet The Press and if you have one ounce of decency you'll speak the truth. Tell your voters the truth.
We lead, hands down, the world in legal immigration, we could halve it and still lead, you pandering putz.

Like hell it would!
You are a traitor I can't wait to get you and McCain out. So sick of you 2 not supporting the President that we the people voted in #idiots
This is why I won't vote for you. Go #Dr. Kelli Ward for senate.
Get lost you globalist sellout!  We voted for Trumps agenda. Get on board or get run over.
Like hiring Americans would be "bad" for Americans? Goodness, at least attempt to support Americans.
I won't be tricked in to voting for you again. You're a fake republican and you're going to lose.
Start supporting our POTUS or you will pay a price. Day Of The Locust. Anarchy from the Right.
So when are you leaving the GOP? Rumor has it..
SenJeff Flake doing what is right is never wrong. Letting a few illegals N2 USA 4cheap Labor was wrong at a few & terrible at 30 million!
I don't identify with either party, but you make sense! Prayers for your continued voice of reason during a very uncertain time.
You are part of the resistance and it's not going unnoticed you sellout!
Doesn't matter you destroyed your base, all of you never trumpers are out.
You need to support the People's President.  Enough undermining him.
Oh please. Give our own ppl chance a jobs. You are a fake flaking out on this great ACT for America
Our economy is in distress due to ignoring our own homeless and vets.America 1st
half of all immigrants are on welfare and get free healthcare how is that helping our economy.Caring about illegals and refugees is wrong
Am a life long republican, support the Trump agenda, live in AZ and you have lost my vote...................
change your party affiliation (Gov Justice did it)  You will find more like minded supporters
Fewer immigrants in need of gov't assistance = bad 

According to Jeff Flake. 

#KelliWard4Senate Because what you're doing isn't working!
Snowflake and traitor! Just be real and say you're a Democrat! By no means are you even close to being a conservative! Liberal we know U R!
Power?
Regardless of political affiliation to watch as members of Congress turn their back on everything we worked so hard for.
I cry for us
As you stated in your book we have worked so hard for the freedoms that we are now deliberately flushing down the toilet
For what?
Greed
Putting party over country as I'm watching the Republican Party do with Barack Obama and now with Trump
Is honestly horrifying
Immigrants are not our enemy and this propaganda....

Tillerson was given a 800 million dollars to combat Russian propaganda and refused
You're a phony to your country and to your religion. And you lied during the election
What your afraid you won't have someone to cut your grass and clean you house tragic
Were you old enough to vote for him?
You are a typical politician 
You would be concerned as you are for low wages.
please stand up to trump! He is destroying this country
Need to reduce amount of uneducated that are coming in and living off the subsidies. This is not the 1800's, we need skilled immigrants!
http://hotair.com/archives/2017/08/03/poll-jeff-flakes-approval-rating-arizona-now-1863/ …
Be prepared to lose your seat.  Bye !
45 has ruined 50 years of perceived accomplishment. Is this ur legacy? You are writing  your life's story right now.

Hey Jeff, We have millions of peeps out of work & u want to bring in more peeps U will pay a high price in 2018  U R a traitor
