You were raised better than that
The people are waking up to your fake flake rino ass, we will have you in the unemployment line soon #DTS
1 Rapid does NOT= JUSTICE, isn't our country built on the idea of equal represenation?presumed innocent? You think this it's good idea?
You were raised better,  I know some folks from Snowflake, none as hateful as that,  always reach out to help others, give folks a chance
More racist Republican #alternativefacts
Today and every day I'm fighting against your continuing efforts to corrupt the judiciary and destroy our system of checks & balances
Of course they are, that's what they do. Keep shit stirred up, they are disgusting.
The 9th circuit court is essential to act as check and balance on the Trump administration as GOP won't! The 9th circuit should stay as is!
I don’t believe that. I think they are the worst activist bench in the nation. A Circuit is not a check. The SCOTUS and the Leg R the checks
You have it wrong!!!
That’s not a compelling argument.
It's an extreme compelling argument!
Ad hominem attacks on a complete stranger. Nice. #Winning 
I'm so ready to vote you out.
Thank you for looking at voting him out, I'm looking at @tedcruz here in Texas, he's a rino too. An illuminati rino!
You worm turned since we elected Moore. To late you cannot be trusted that you will not go back to your old lefty ways. Big smoke no action
What is wrong with judges?  Laws are laws and need to be enforced with safety concerns for people in courtrooms, not criminals. Good luck.
Do u do anything about white anti constitutionalists who reign in AZ?No it's easy spot brown/black people.My son a Dr was profiled in Tempe
Your constituents want law and order can't wait fir you to lose the election
Did you finally wake up Jeff. Did George Soros approve your comments?
Follow her and vote in 2018! @RepSinema
Democratic Rep. Sinema launches Arizona senate bid http://politi.co/2xOL0hd  
Yeah, just what we need.....another Dem in the senate *rolls eyes*
He's trying to move to the right after Moore, Trump support surge - it won't matter, this is his last term #MAGA
The Betrayer Paul Ryan doing same thing every election + Wisconsin keeps getting fooled by him. Ryan goes right back to the dem agenda
#BuildTheWall
Too little, too late. You & Sen.McCain need to go! Americans with the POTUS will drain the stinkin' swamp. 
Today is day of atonement. U should be careful for doing nothing but destroying people's lives
Don't talk about swift. You were one of the obstructionists that left a SCOTIS seat and a huge amount of appellate seats vacant. #doyourjob
Ur only doing this because ur getting smashed in the polls. Sudden change after trying to undermine the Prez on everything re immigration.
Trying to get tough for your upcoming election? I don't think it can save you.
Great, now support the presidents wall. That in conjunction with ground and air assets on our border, the illegal crossers can be stopped.
Non issue.
Last thing we need is another circuit seated in Arizona or elsewhere to make Arizona and lives more complicated. Focus on health care, Texas
You could not have lived long in this area buddy, we dont act like that.
No one trusts you.
@Twitter - you gave THIS GUY more characters?! TERRIBLE
Yes, so he could keep spamming us with his 'keep brown people in shackles as much as possible' agenda.
Illegal Border Crossings, persons violating immigration Law should be placed in a prison camp setup at the Border and processed.
Why is Flake wasting his remaining time in office on appeasing the very people who will primary him anyway?
According to the article, this applies to Federal Courts, where the local sheriffs do not have jurisdiction, therefore they lack standing.
No standing = waste of time and money.
Really you jerk.What about PUERO Rico. They r dying. You good MRMN AH! Where did u do your mission and lie.I know your kind!

You came out in support for a health care plan that the writer now admits he had no idea what he was doing.
And you expected anything less from the Nutty Ninth
You hate the rule of law!
What?  Now you're suddenly worried about Arizona?  Seriously you're one of the most  multiple faced creepy politicians. 
Translation: Due process annoys me when it protects brown people too.
Stay in your lane, Senator.  Picking on the court makes you sound like POTUS.
Read the Constitution, Jeff.
Stop kissing cop's asses.
Know what would be great, Senator Flake?  If you'd do something besides toot your own horn. #PuertoRicoRelief
Intro'd bill w/ @SenMikeLee today to permanently exempt #PuertoRico from the #JonesAct & aid long-term recovery https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=press-releases&id=DCD8C587-7B43-4FE7-B99D-36C819A1844D …
@RepMcSally too.
Does this include your buddy Arpaio?
Let me guess, there's an election coming up.

I don't support it, at all.
I so want you gone!
Yeah!
Hmmm, confused on the separation of powers? Or, just the meaning of the word "overturned?"
Impeach the judges.
Amazing that you can't accept legal ruling simply because you deem the ninth circuit to be "liberal" and not ruling in your favor!
Jeff u don't care about border security. Dr. Kelli Ward sure does and she will be taking ur Senate seat.
You're heartless. How can you stand to live with yourself. Today in San Diego a father was taken away from his family.
You are an a$$.
Hurry up.... your election is coming up!!! Sell more books... get on more Talk Shows!!
The @GOP is just starting to realize that they are an empty vessel. Carrying themselves to victory in DC with nothing inside.
Oh, I hope you succeed Jeff Flake!!! I'm tired of our boys getting in trouble for upholding the law!!!
Or they could create a decision tree for which defendants need shackles, and which don't, and have it approved.
Canis sounds like the ninth district is out live the usefulness deafening not any use to our society a bunch of damn crooked judges
Probably more honest than you & Flake!
#wrongsideofhistory
@hughhewitt 

Must be an election coming.
Tl;dr
You can't be double standards sir, you will end up losing both sides. I suggest you go back to who you are, at least you get RINO votes
Be courageous enough to impeach a few judges. Just might send a message to the out of control judicial. Kelli Ward 2018
Better yet, create another District Court out in the West.
Such a fucking hypocrite.  You praise the work AZ lawmakers are doing by working w/Mexico & write a story about Manny & then post this shit?
Aptly named Flake
Why don't you convince your GOP colleagues to pass the DREAM act first?
Jeff serious Q what makes you or your staff think anyone who Watched you insult, belittle, & mock the Base would support you on anything?
Like good old Sheriff " Joe"...oh wait I forgot he isn't a Sheriff anymore
Nobody cares what ur doing today we just want you OUT!
People are DYING from heat and dehydration in Puerto Rico and THIS is where your attention is??
How fake can you be? Now you want to enforce laws? Nice try but we all know you are pro illegals, this won't win my vote.
Nails in the coffin, nails in the coffin, nails in the coffin. #FlakeOut2018
But republicans won't. They'll put it in the pockets of rich & corporations. Sad!
you want low wages/no healthcare & vilanize immigrents? Work 4 #DACA do som good #nosenate4uin18
Too late Flake. PRIMARY THIS BOZO.  REPEAL OBAMACARE.
IMPLEMENT E-VERIFY NOW
Im voting against you. Cant wait
Sorry, Russians can't vote in US elections - well, officially. By 2018 who knows what Putin's tool Trump will enact as law...
Da, Igor.
You make me sick.
I can't wait until Trump has received the twitter upgrade that Rino Flake seemingly received.  #HowdYouDoThat? #WheresMine?
Weren't you going to introduce legislation to break up the 9th circuit?
NO! The biggest danger is coming fr 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, where a malignant narcissist w/nukes resides. Push @RepGoodlatte #ImpeachTrump
Just don't adhere to it. Isn't that what the left are doing? Tell them we're a sanctuary boarder station, not following the courts rules
If by "Border patrol and ICE are both emboldened and out of control under the racist in chief", you mean they are enforcing the law, yes!
Stop pandering.
How long will this last? Until the day after election?
Seriously! Seriously! Looking ahead to re-election I see. #NotBuyingIt
Too many words. A simple picture of you bending the knee to Donald would have sufficed.
Give it a few years. The ninth will top conservative again.
GIVE IT UP! When was the last terrorist identified from Mexico? Are you afraid one might buy a home next door to you?
The last thing I wanted was for you to be able to talk more
In today's episode of As The Poll #'s turn, Jeff Flake pretends not to be an open borders / amnesty guy, gets mocked relentlessly...
You're our Senator, you have the power to do something about these judges. If they're not following the constitution remove them.
Too many characters, sir.
JEFF FAKE!
You had your chance to back @realDonaldTrump . Now it's too little too late. 
We call this "Tacking Trump"
I'm sorry, but there's a huge humanitarian crisis w/our citizens in PR, which should be everyone's top agenda now. Why so much delay in help
Translation: My poll numbers are dropping. Time to dive-roll to the right. This couldn't be any more transparent.
unfortunately Senator we know you here in AZ and this is a good effort to stop illegal immigration but this is because you’re in trouble
you and @SenJohnMcCain lied to us!
Split the 9th.
Jeff fake
How about working on splitting the 9th circuit up.
How about getting someone nominated to the open AZ seat on the 9th?
what, wait? now you want tough borders? FFS man
Only when election time nears.
FUCK NFL.  This Circuit has unAmerican tendancies. FUCK THEM ALSO
Quit trying to get support of goofy Arpaio base and do your job.It is time for bi-partisan statesmanship from Congress.Issues need attention
Hmmmm... striking out against the judicial system sounds awfully familiar Not going to help the approval ratings this way.
You are going to be overturned Flake and a real GOPer elected
Railing against the ninth circuit won't save you.
Why now? You were always weak on this subject before. Maybe it has to do with the Roy Moore election?
WTF is your problem with democracy?
