Seriously do you even realize the EPA regulates ALL states? WTF?  Or that Americans *overwhelmingly* oppose cutbacks?
WE WANT A TOWNHALL!
So, environment 2nd/last, economy 1st? I can't afford to move planets right now... what's your back up plan?
shouldn't we be more concerned about the environment/planet's health than $$? Lets keep an eye on the big pic
Sorry, the mining interests can dump toxic chemicals in the Grand Canyon, Flake don't care
economic competition is nothing if your constituents are SICK. Healthcare$$$ > earthcare$
which are protecting the air we breath and the water we drink. No thanks!
 @AZAgainstTrump tell him what you think!
Senator @JeffFlake Brought To You By Brawndo. Because he gives zero shits about clean water or the environment
Hopefully you are also making sure to protect Arizona's environment too.

no more of that pesky clean air and water, oh boy! I'm excited! You can be clean and competitive, ya know!
Guess you love pulluted air and dirty water.
shoulder the EPA work to protect the environment? Not big business!
Hey... have you seen my rep @RepDavid around? He seems to have disappeared off the face of the Earth...
David is a coward who can't hold a job outside government. Vote to release Trumps taxes you tool!
You have made poor decisions for us & for our country.
#ReplaceFlake2018
you're all ass-backwards on this. You will destroy what's left. Hope your grandchildren can drink oil
I like clean water. We need Town Halls meetings. Can't wait for 2018! You'll be out!
. Regulations are  what our Founding Fathers believed in when they passed our Constitution. To think otherwise is un-American. ALL
so #greed and #money is better than the environment? #shame
.@JeffFlake @ScottPruittOK @EPA 
It's not all about the money. 
It's Clean Water and Clean Air stupid!
Can't drink greenbacks.
 #NODAPL
disgusting!  Scott Pruitt is HORRIBLE!!!
Jeff- u voted AGAINST the environment + education,and FOR crazy people's gun rights. This won't look good on your McD's résumé.
so which Arizona city gets to be called 'the next Flint'?
calling all AZ residents. Vote Flake out in 2018!  Let's do this!! From Avondale,AZ
#replaceFlake2018
who are you kidding?  Even Bannon admitted that the picks were made to end the epa, labor, education & H&HS why lie?
You just gutted the EPA. I will donate and campaign to ensure this is your last term. #youlostmyvote
WRONG. The current balance of Arizona's public lands and development is what makes AZ great already.
Idiot!
NO it means you don't care for your constituents' health in clean air and water!! #PollutingPruitt
this is a tragedy
Destroying the climate in the name of economic competitiveness. Clever. When we can't breathe but you're rich
Senator, what are these horrible regulations.
You're consistent, Flake. Now it's not just the kids you hate, but you've expanded to entire planet.  Bravo.
but who will protect the environment and our health now and for generations?  #shameonyou
if you want to help the economy then maybe you should be focused on our future. You failed us w/ this vote.
Liar.
I want specifics..how is this good for Az...I think your choices have cost you re-election
yes, let's make our rivers sludge heaps and sell off our beautiful public lands..EPA IS GITTED! YOU SOLD OUT
You know what will hurt our competitiveness? GLOBAL WARMING
so corporations that bought you can get richer and ruin our environment. #sellingoutconstituents
- Bigger brown cloud over Phoenix.  Sad.
Rome can fall twice I guess. Thanks for being openly corrupt and stupid, at least.
Arizona should be the leader in solar energy.
@twwnaz @EPA you are gone in 2018. You do not represent us. Killing the environment
Have a Town Hall in Cottonwood and we'll talk about your who you're supporting
WE DEMAND A TOWN HALL MEETING IN TUCSON THIS WEEK!
let's just "fuck it" Mother Nature and all you have given us!  Money is the most important thing around  ASS
man I really wanted to reelect you. Oh well
What is wrong with you? Seriously, how do you look at yourself in the mirror? How do you sleep at night?
and fuck the environment right?
Unfortunate time for you to be up for reelection. 2 years of us riding your back only to be voted out. Bummer
@RepTrentFranks Where the F is Trent Franks  ?
Disgusted that profits always trump safe air, water, the very land we as AZ residents & our children live on.
stupid Pruitt vote. Our state has perfect environment. Now we can mine Uranium for @realDonaldTrump. SAD!
Come on Jeff. EPA is for people not polluters. Not a zero sum game. Just short cuts for profits. U can do it
Quick work before #Pruitt has to release EMails good work #Flake you will need money for your defeat in 18
you are not representing your constituency in AZ our natural environment brings money to the state bad move
2018 is just around the corner...u r correct...we have you in our sights. We are coming for you
Shame on you!
what's your take on our presidents press conference? Lying to us, insulting the press. Please stand up.
You lost many votes with your pick ,not that you care about our clean air & water
Another wrong vote for AZ. Typical Flake not listening to us. 2018 tick tock
@SenJohnMcCain @RepOHalleran  @ScottPruittOK @EPA By killing our children? 
@altUSEPA
AZ's economic competitiveness is not it's big problem. Water's it's big problem. Watch "Age of Consequences."
glad you are happy to line the pockets of the rich at the expense of the planet we leave for our kids. Disappointed in you again.
economic competiveness increases at the expense of human health. Makes sense  voting against you in 2018.
I am your Constituent and a voter, and I do not approve. Let's chat. #townhall anyone?
Party first again? I will campaign for and contribute to who ever runs against you in 2018
Senator, again you chose poorly; we will not in November 2018! Represent US not the GOP! You're not a lemming
Have you noticed that Arizona doesn't agree with you? You've let us down once again. We'll remember in 2018.
What good will the short term  economic benefit be when we don't have an environment in which to live.
How much did Pruitt pay you for his seat?
So we're going to spend more money on solar and not trash the Grand Canyon and sacred land?
at least now you don't have to worry about reelection, because we are all gonna die!!
which regs specifically? I happen to enjoy clean water and air.
Many many people are very disappointed with this decision and in the end, you will be too.
It means polluters will have an easier time polluting our environment.
Show up for town halls instead of tweeting. Your constituents want to talk to you.
Look at the data on OK earthquakes lately? Hmmm....why is that happening? Drill much?
While you destroy the environment. Terriffic.
meet your constituents you act as if you are bought and sold to the Koch Brothers Also
I've lived in Arizona long before you were born.; I really thought you were one of us. #done
B.S. You're done in Arizona. Let's mine the Grand Canyon Richard Cranium.
too bad it also mean dismantling all the regs that protect our state, country and world
Planet first. Politics second. Or, so we hoped.
You OBVIOUSLY don't represent the people of AZ. You will be forced to listen to us in 2018.
I'm from an AZ mining town -- I know the value of the EPA. You're frm small town AZ, too. What the hell's wrong with you?
I am one of your constituents and VERY disappointed in this confirmation.
So who's kids will get ill first -- yours or mine?  But you're totally right -- it's all about "econ comp".
You do realize clean water is a rare and precious commodity in the desert right?
you are on the wrong side of history
Thank you for sporting a fearless defender of the little guy! EPA abuser of productive
Proving you are the WORST senator ever. When the Grand Canyon is polluted, we'll know who to blame. #flakeout
Well, you made the rich happy. But they won't save you in 2018. Go explain your vote to your kids. Townhall?
Remember, you are representing ALL Arizonians! The environment matters for us AND our children! Stop playing party politics!
Rubber Stamp Flake
#NoFlake2018
Flake, going forward, substitute words "PROTECTIONS (of our well being)" for "regulations"... see if you are as supportive
Economic competitiveness vs preservation of clean air & water. Resources aren't infinite. Political candidates are.
please hold a town hall so I can tell you how much I hate this. 120 isn't enough! #shameful #2018
2018 can't come fast enough; I can't wait to vote you out of office. You are the worst.
disgusting
and say goodbye to good science. Thought you knew better
economic competitiveness won't do us any good if we poison water, land, and Air. Be a steward, not destroyer
your confirmation of Pruitt means you can now screw over our beautiful Arizona wilderness.
take down your pic of the Grand Canyon, you don't care about the environment
you've said it yourself, you put corporations over people. #flakeout2018
when our children can't drink the water from the faucets I hope you'll have money to blend up and eat
so the people of Arizona and all the other states can have polluted water and air again thanks
Why are you refusing to meet with your constituents next week in Arizona?  Are you afraid of us?
@aclu @JeffFlake @ScottPruittOK @SenatorHeitkamp @Sen_JoeManchin knew well in advance the impact on environment

.@JeffFlake @ScottPruittOK @EPA that's one way to put it.  Can't wait for 2018.
I am going to help make sure you are not re-elected. You are bad for AZ and the country.
you are going down in 2018! You are a HUGE disappointment!
you are a fake and an embarrassment to your state and your country. Pruitt is almost as unqualified as DeVos
we'll be competing for clean water to drink.
I can't wait to vote you out.
We in AZ don't have much water and you obviously don't have any interest in protecting it. Pruitt sucks.
Scott Pruitt to head the EPA? WRONG!  Environmental health is economic health. You are accountable.
yea maybe we can flack here too!  I would love to h ave 200+ earthquakes! Wow Flake! Thanks
the future of AZ depends on tourism and out great scenic lands. This is a terrible decision.
Translation: Now we can polute our air, land and water to appease greedy employers who will pay crap wages.
Jeff, you are a self aggrandizing fool. Do you care at all about the complete collapse of our environment?
you're both cowards who put profits over nature. Guess what?! WE ALL BREATHE DIRTY AIR!
AWFUL news. You don't even mention the environment. So telling.
tell that to the people still dealing with the #bpspill
I'll be thinking of economic benefits during high pollution advisory days in #phoenix.
wonderful when we drill our state, pressing the natives here on reservation land. Yay, party over country 
remind us of our economic benefits when those of us with #asthma #cf can't go outside
NO.  It MEANS oil co. can DRILL in Grand Canyon & Nat'l Pks.  & hope u don't want to breathe or drink water
tell that to the #Navajo who had their water poisoned by a #mine in #colorado
tell that to #flint Michigan. #cantdrinkoil
traitor to his people, treasonous party
You should be ashamed of yourself. Don't play politics with the health of our environment
Now industry can kill us slowly w/ poisons. wont be money 2 be made when we are dead. See u at polls 11/18
Businesses & money > constituents & environment. What good is an economy when we're all sick #replaceflake
1 year and almost 8 months! We start getting millenials now that love our state as much as we do!
No it doesn't. It means harming our already fragile environment even more and putting generations at risk.
You are repeatedly ignoring your constituents to advance the agenda of your donors #fakeyflake
Looking forward to 2018 when we can dump you and impeach so-called POTUS
our competitiveness is fine - now our environment is going to be ruined.  You are a huge disappointment Mr. Flake
.@JeffFlake Fine w/me unless those regs contribute to fouling our air and water. Can you - will you - guarantee that, Jeff?
traitor.  Russian-Republican. Meet the new treasonous party
You are WRONG. What will we be without our National Parks? You all bow down to those who want $$$ regardless.
THERE WILL BE NO BUSINESS WITHOUT A HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT.  YOU SUCK AND WILL NOT BE REELECTED
Just moved to AZ in July.  It's breathtakingly beautiful. I wish you'd voted to protect that.
I'll be not voting for you - again.
hey Jeff you seem like you really care about Arizona
just kidding.
Those regs r keeping our H2O and air clean. What kind of earth do u want to leave ur kids and grandkids? #pollutingPruitt
And it means we can stop slacking off on climate change.  Who cares that Florida will be underwater by 2100?
Your responsible for the botched execution that took 43 min for drugs you found on Wikipedia. DESPICABLE&VILE
It also means we can finally compete with pollution levels in China and India.  Way to go team!
, again you disappoint by confirming someone whose history is at odds with the organization s/he is tasked to lead.
clearly you don't give a shit about our future - you're doing all you can to bend over for your party #gross
ARE YOU HIGH?  @EPA is good for keeping business from running amuck like those nasty open pit mines that are all over AZ!
you mean screw up our environment even more!  I'm sure you just misspoke, right?
For a guy who loves the outdoors, it's shameful you voted in someone who has no care for the earth, just $$$.
are you kidding? AZ voters will hold you responsible for degradation of our environment from this pick.
his emails should have been checked first.  Pollution, money instead of people's health?  #outin2018
There won't be an economy if we continue to make the planet unlivable.
Way to go @JeffFlake @ScottPruittOK @EPA, you put a man in charge that has made it his life mission to end the EPA, &destroy the environment
Senator, you're just awful. Do you even care about Arizona's beautiful landscape? #pathetic
Sure if there is anyone alive after you poison the air, water, a food with toxic chemicals.
Or maybe you just want us to have to live in underground cities like all the old sci-fi movies because
you have made the surface so toxic nothing can survive there. Better work on underground food production then
please don't let him take our eyes off clean air and water. This pick scares me to death
What for? We'll all be dead. #sellout #FlakeOut2018
Race to the bottom- You want to be as "good" as OK ( earthquakes) that is what Pruitt brings to us- dox dump!
we need to do what other countries are doing and put all corrupt politicians in prison!
help the Arizona's economy? You can't eat money. The people will come after you when there's nothing left
What Flake means is he again voted for big money and couldn't care less about the environment. #flakeoutt2020
This is complete insanity (head shaking). He's so incredibly unfit. Mocking @POTUS - Sad.
So now we will have no regulations to ensure we can breathe or fish in clean waters.
well, watch out for the water. Lake mead isn't in az, you know
#astounding that you #brag about #rushing  a candidate #withoutreadingtheemails #votehellerout
And drinking all the polluted water you want! Methyl mercury in the water won't be good for AZ.
what happened to you
yes, let's do away with safety for the people, the 1% need to accumulate more $!
