Much respect, Senator. Thank you for supporting Ms Abboud. I hope your fellow Arizonans follow your example. 
Why do you console this muslim? Anything for the #Christians or #Jews they wish to exterminate? #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Deedra's a liar. For ex, she has tweeted FGM isn't a Muslim practice but more of an African thing. Then why is it so widespread in Indonesia, which is overwhelmingly MUSLIM? She's also pro-sharia in that she believes her husband's entitled to 4 wives, which is unconstitutional.
Deedra is a nightmarish scenario.  I'm already convinced she is 100 times more dangerous than Linda Sarsour.
Thankfully, Arizona is a conservative state. I think her chances of winning are very slim.
I hope so. One of my concerns is the changing demographics of Arizona.
Good guy, Senator Flake, for showing fighting bigotry is a nonpartisan issue. And keep up the fight @deedra2018
Be strong!
Very nice, Jeff Flake.  Thank you!  This gives a hit of a return to normalcy....please don't stop!
OMG. You've crossed over and sold your soul.
Sorry, but muzzies should be dq'd from holding office as their cult isn't compatible w/the Constitution.
Christians need not apply
Somebody explain this to me w/o being racist. I don't think you can. There is nothing wrong w/ #Islam. There is a LOT wrong w/ isolationism.
You have a lot to learn about Islam
I've read the #Quran cover to cover. Have you?
Oh yes been studying all texts since 2002
If so, you'd know that #Islam is no more violent in accepted religious texts than #Christianity. The #Hadith is the radical and unwelcome.
Naive. One or 2 generations and you will be leaving in Iran.
As someone who has lived all over the world, #Islam is not the world's biggest problem. Moreover, Iran used to be a nice country. Educate.
Used to of course. Until the mullah took over.
Yeah, hang in there! Dont go all JIHAD on us. I mean ya' never know.
I don't like your politics...but I LOVE this. Thank you for being decent.
Blacks went through this once upon a time and when Americans like Jeff Flake spoke for them, America found some of it's best citizens .
Sen Flake thank you. You have more class than many people in your party. Your actions with this & the shooting in VA make Arizona proud.
The Fakeness on these comments 
Excuse me but NOONE in this party of awesomeness wants illegal immigrants taking advantage of our government/laws. Sincerely the ENTIRE @GOP
Ok, Dedra is US born.

We are a nation of immigrants.

Thousands of undocumented immigrants fought in Iraq & Afghanistan. 100's have died
We have taken advantage of undocumented immigrants, they work in the fields & slaughterhouses to feed us they go off to war & die for USA
Look it up undocumented immigrants are indeed in our millitary and some are deported after their service.
Sorry Deedra....do you still have your poutter?  Or is it gone?
Dang Jeff Flake. I don't agree with many of your positions, but between this and your response at the shooting, I respect you as a person.
Very classy, sir.
Mr. Flake, a very classy message. Ms. Abboud, good luck!
Wow. Im a democrat, hater of trump but u r a man of honor. Proud of you. I might almost vote for u...good for u
#WeThePeople I know smart people that love in AZ, guess they don't vote. In my mind, the both of you suck and not in a good way.
Hopefully this is your last term

Wow you're a jihadist sympathizer now huh. Glad you're done in Congress.
Kudos to you Senator. Thank you.
@JeffFlake this is the fault of you and your @GOP friends. Start doing something about it!
This is Just inappropriate! Why do Ppl act like this n treat others so Poorly?  They must be miserable to try n Hurt Others!'  Why must It B
Very classy.
Thank you for giving hope that civility can once again be a part of politics.
Why do you hate the Constitution?
Sox, we at Pox News think we might know.
Ok Flake, I give you some props for this. Well done.
Also I never would have heard of @deedra2018  so thank you twice
Chris youll be hearing more from @deedra2018.  Check out her new YouTube channel https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYW9o0ruiygFEY2YtxbvxbA … or policies
Thank you for doing the right thing sir. Respect to you.
Thanks Jeff, this is refreshing at a time when our civil discourse has boiled over to name-calling.
Does she fly an American Flag at her house, prob not.
Well said (and I finish this off with a much deserved), SIr.
@JeffFlake we may not all agree politically but we can be decent human beings to each other. I don't agree w your politics but class move 
I may not agree with your politics, Senator Flake, but I appreciate your decency a great deal.
Senator, thank you for treating her with respect. Deedra, good luck with your campaign. You both are the future of our country. Be safe all.
Thank you for having a classy campaign.  Both of you seem like worthy candidates who don't use Twitter to trash talk.
@JeffFlake - Our politics are different but this was true leadership and for that you get props.
I don't always agree with you, but you are a decent person, something that is becoming extinct in politics. Thank you for speaking up.
Hang in there@deedra2018.
Thank you for speaking up Sen. Flake.
Thank you for speaking up Sen. Flake. #peoplearegood Deedra, stay strong!
Hat tip to Jeff Flake for being decent. All too rare these days.
Great to see kindness from political opponents. Thank you for shining a bit of hope in this troubling time
You're a stand up guy Senator
Remind me... when will you be gone?
That's pretty classy Senator . We are in desperate need of decency right now. Thank You.
To take a nap? I know that really helps me.
Um ,my happy place? The toilet?
Flake, have you read the Qur'an or Haddith? Both go against the principles of our Constitution which YOU swore an oath of office to protect.
Have YOU read it? Check out the first amendment.  It's pretty awesome.
And article 6. "no religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States"
#1A does not support breaking our rule of law.
Enlighten yourself to facts instead of PC-BS:
@HCOnlineCourses
@HCimprimis
What law did she break?
Are you that ignorant of facts??? LOL!
Cite it.  Cite the exact law she broke.
You really are clueless on facts, and continue bringing up inane Marxist talking points. Good day.
Dhimmi @JeffFlake panders 2 Sharia Jihadi, who was pleased that Bin Laden received 'respectful Islamic burial that he deserved as a Muslim'
SHAMEFUL! Dhimmi @JeffFlake stands with a Sharia Jihadi who worked for CAIR and MAS, both groups have been listed as terrorist organizations
Does @JeffFlake stand w/ Deedra Abboud when she defended her husband’s "RIGHT under ISLAM 2 have as many as 4 wives"
Probably he's Mormon isn't he ? maybe he gets into this sister wives stuff
How much does the Muslim brotherhood pay you to side against your country and your people? Have they offered you protection for you and yours if the gain control....Taqiya..you are being used ...and for what money over country?
Who knew Flake is a Flake...
Reprehensible. Thank you for speaking in support Senator Flake!
I’m SO Glad that Hypocrite is Leaving, He’s BAD for America!
He’d do anything for a Dollar !!!
How much is in his in his bank Just asking
I have to say, that was really gracious. But was it really the truth about how you feel? Forgive us for being skeptical. Give up trump. Now
I could care less her religion if she has a good head on her shoulders. And as long as she doesn't like the psycho @lsarsour
Thanks @JeffFlake classy,  sincerely.
Senator Flake, thank you for being a class act and a role model for your colleagues. Ms. Abboud, thank you for your courage. #Respect
You're a class act senator- I second your tweet!
I'm perfectly happy to admit that I didn't expect this from Jeff Flake. Will his supporters stop attacking her now?
You sir! Are a gentleman! Way to call out bigotry when you see it!!
Thank you Senator as a member of congress & a leader! Almost restores my faith in a Party that seems to have lost it's way years ago...
Good on you, Senator. Still hope you get beat, but good on you.
Moments like these give me hope
You are on the right side of this issue Senator.  I respect your position and your statements.
Thank you senator you are my hero.
Flake you're a bigot plus you don't give a darn about people in Az by voting yes on the Republican health care plan. SHAME ON YOU.
Willing to trade even her for you any day Flake #DrainTheSwamp
Unfortunately, Senator, your President and his supporters have encouraged people to act this way. They have legitimized hatred. IMPEACH HIM!
Hooray for Senator Flake!
No american christian can run for office in a muslim country. She should not be encouraged . OBJECT
And FYI mizz deedra JESUS CHRIST is The LORD of THIS LANDYour muslim agenda here is NILsharia law won't be ABUSING WOMEN here
This Democrat appreciates your class!
Yeah hang in there. Flake won't be around to much longer though. 
Yeah Just hold and an FGM and Beheading party and they will all show up..
This is what makes America great.
Thanks for this Jeff.
I don't agree with your politics, at all. But I respect you for saying this.
Thank you for standing up for Deedra against the people attacking her.
Look at all the people who don't know what the constitution says #Sad
You one of the good ones, thanks
Is this like @ShaunKing & @RachelADolezal are black? Or like George Zimmerman is white? Now, @TheRealMr609 is Pepto Bismol? 
@realDailyWire
What a class act.
This guy is not a republican
Please encourage members of your party to show this kind of empathy and compassion. I don't agree w/your politics but kudos to you for this.
R u a muslin apologists now?
You did a good thing here @JeffFlake I'm glad some pols are ok with expressing the values that make this country grest.
We know wonderful people in your eyes are who can vote for you. You are a egotistical & lows Senator. Please resign
@JeffFlake  send a word to @kelliwardaz she is also running against you, she cld use your words of encouragement as well. #TermLimits #MAGA
Stop the infiltration
Great response.  Keep it up!
Her religion doesn't matter, only her fealty to the Constitution matters. If she opts for sharia over Constitution she's not fit to serve.
Open your eyes Flake.
she is wearing a headscarf. This should tell u something. Check out a really brave feminist @masihpooyan @Ayaan or listen to @MaajidNawaz
Classy and charming. Thumbs up.
Very big of you, but your supporter's hateful comments beg to differ...
Again thank you for representing Arizona. Next can you start standing up about #Russiancollusion?
She is affiliated with cair...an organization that #supports #terror.
Nope. No she won't. Muslims are terrorist and I hope she's never elected to anything. Ever.
Stay classy Sen. Flake - great tweet!
Unfortunately Flako ur not one of them!
Thank you sir.
If she is running as a Democrat I can see why she is going to lose.
You're a class act.
Deport Flake
#maga
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
Az citizens would be wise not to vote this Muslim in to office & this video states the case & explains why.
Your state SUCKS! Did you hear that @realDonaldTrump wants @kelliwardaz to unseat you??
BETTER YET SENATOR 

TELL THEM TO STOP IT
Without getting worked up I would want to know why she wants to run for Senate?What is her purpose & find out what changes she wants to make
Classy gesture Sen. Flake. Thanks for acting like an adult even as the guy at 1600 cannot.
No Muslims in Congress period. We tried with Obama and it failed
@JeffFlake you are a class act and an excellent public servant! Wish you represented NY.
Class act @JeffFlake
Pay attention, America. This is how we do it in Arizona. Class Senator, real class.
Hang in there Islamophobes. Sorry you have to put up with this. Lots of wonderful people across USA happen to be Muslims. You'll find them.
That's a classy response Senator. You should teach your President some things since he's fueling this hate
.@JeffFlake Lots of ppl can't stand your political positions (forgetting you represent yr ppl), but this stance is the mark of a true hero.
Maybe people just disagree with her ideas is that possible ?  Or should we just elect people because we are no longer allowed to question?
Despite my user name I am a resident of Arizona
The Cuck is strong in this one.
I'm not GOP, but I applaud your maturity & sportsmanship 4 this one message. Pls B more empathetic toward the rest of your fellow Americans.
I'm really sick of the hate in this country. Look at what we have become.We should be ashamed of ourselves
This is the America I know.  Thank you, Senator.  Count me as a left-leaning fan of yours
God put us on earth with free will.  Some people think they know better!!?
You are a member of the party that is leading the charge against Muslims
Thank you.
Credit should be given to Mr Flake for doing the right thing here. 
You don't have to agree w his view on policy.
But not sorry enough to do anything more than talk.  You need to ACT.  Then wee will know you area sorry.
Sad...

This simple statement is what America sorely needs right now. Thank you sir, I vote for the person not the party.
Thank you for being diplomatic. It looks good on you. You should behave this way more often.
Class act move @JeffFlake. And I agree that @deedra2018 should ignore the trolls!
It's a start.
You are brave and you are good and you represent everyone; please don't be discouraged.
Let's take religion out of politics. suppose to be separate.  Politicians should make decisions based on what's best for people not religion
Maybe it's her choice of career. I hear politics is brutal.
now that took some class. Good job.
I disagree with your policy positions but I respect that you're one of the few adults trying to solve our nation's problems. Thank you!
Why did you vote for the Iraq War? Thousands upon thousands of Muslims hate us because of that blunder. You're nice tweets don't change that
Didn't know Muslim women could use lots of makeup.
There's NO room for Islam in U.S. Government!  NONE!
Thank you for your decency, Senator Flake!
Bravo!
So sad that Kid Rock has a better chance at winning a seat in the senate than she does!
Burp.
Root and branch Now!!!
the 1st amendment only applies to racist Christians
You are one of the few kind republicans I have seen as a Canadian, keep up loving as Christ would
These people.should not be.allowed to hold ANY kimd of public office.  Period.  That should be left to the American people not extremists 
Could u imagine going over there and
 running for something!? Bwahahaha
Wow, Flake. Class act. Well done.
Ex-Az resident here. Just wanted to say Thanks for sticking up for this yoing woman. Stay strong against the haters.
Justice and truth will prevail, #AmericanValues will prevail. This is still America. Persevere. Standing for #AmericanValues you'll win.
Might want to try to assimilate to AZ. Maybe lose the hijab?
Deedra! You’re an American, just like the rest of us immigrants. Thank you for running! You are keeping America great–like it’s always been!
Well said mr. Flake.. I don't agree with you politically but i sure as hell respect you standing up for American values.  well done sir
Hats off
I disagree with all of your policies, but thank you for this.
Really excited to see women of NO faith or ANY faith running for office. Sincerely, a fellow female from a Red state(NC)
Saw you on Don .  I'm pulling for you.  How else are we going to educate these idiots?  I know you can't say that but your thinking it.
@JeffFlake and I agree on almost nothing and he needs to help end this AHCA business.That being said-classy, decent, honorable move, sir

Good first step, Senator, but you have a marathon in front of you.
It figures, you come from the same swamp as McCain who is buddies with Soros.  You sure live up to your last name.
Senator Flake, Only a real man, a very decent man would publicly come to the fore to defend an opponent.
I know a lot of people who live there

You have more of a chance of a republican showing some compassion
What the heck's wrong with you? Sharia law and all the stuff they stand for is not American and is a cult. nothing about religion.
Thank you for being human.
Thank u Sen Flake foe denouncing hate against ethnicity. Pls denounce Muslim ban. This is what gives haters the "right" to hate.
Foe = for. Sorry on phone.
You sound like a Republican who puts principles above party. How refreshing
Sorry Republicans in Arizona and America have to put up with Jeff Flake
#TermLimits
Jeff I think you are secretly a good person. Dump the @GOP.
look at that.  Decency.  I'd forgotten what it looked like.
tru Americans respecting tru Americans! #goDeedra2018
Mutt!
@JeffFlake
He wants positive publicity so bad. Why wont you comment this quick on things like...I don't know #HEALTHCARE #NoReelection for you
Jeff - U have tweeted 2,178
times. THIS IS BY FAR
ONE OF YOUR "BEST" TWEETS
TY 4 LEADING BY EXAMPLE
CC @marcorubio
Hang in there @deedra2018. Sorry you have to put up with this. Lots of wonderful people across AZ. You'll find them. http://bit.ly/2u7TP36 

Good on you, Sen. Flake. Credit where it's due, you're on the right side of this one.
As a Dem I thank you Jeff Flake. Hears to hoping that sanity and civility comes back to governing.
@JeffFlake we sent you to make a difference! Not to be PC!!! Why would you support somebody who will not denounce sharia law?!#NoShariaLaw
Great, you're super pc. But we need less members of this misogynistic, violent, anti-Semitic, anti-gay, supremacist religion here, not more.
This is the civility missing in our politics today.  Kuddos, Senator.
It’s not everyday that you come across a person of integrity. I applaud your stance against bigotry and hate, Jeff.
Great smile. Deedra, welcome
