You're all bark no bite when it comes to Trump. I'll be encouraging everyone I know to vote against you, 49.2%.
I'll take a moment to say THANK YOU to you & all D's & R's in Congress, who sacrifice to serve our great state. #RESPECT
writing letters of support to elected officials regarding the original Arizona residents.Or as you call them. Immigrants
Arizona: WORST STATE ON THE UNION
By working my ass off through @IndivisibleTeam to make sure you go down in flames in 2018!
By making a donation to the @AZDemParty!! WOOHOO!
Me too! Great minds think alike!!!
I'm clearing my calendar for your next town hall, senator! When is that again?
I may agree that Arizona is an incredible state, but if you really believe that, how can you support Scott Pruitt? Makes no sense
explain to AZ how you are no different then Hitler in bringing in a death squad I hear now u planing to cut a lot out Medicare?
Make Arizona great again vote FLAKE out 2018
address the treasonous 45 - be on the right side of history - do not be a bystander, make AZ proud
I'm not celebrating. I'm wondering how my Senator can remain silent in the face of Trump administration lies. #FlynnResignation
~ Do you want to carve your name in AZ Real History Book? Ask Trump to release his tax records.
If you can't do what is in the interest of this state and country. Stay home. Get out of the way.
by joining the #resistance
Celebrate by doing your damn job! Meet with your constituents!
wishing I had a Senator who cared about the people of Arizona.  Stop approving Trump's unqualified picks!
by watching the traitors in Washington hand America to the Russians! DO YOUR JOB. INVESTIGATE NOW! #flakeout2018
: looking for you.
Celebrating the crumbling of a fraudulent Trump admin that you so proudly protect and defend.
How are u preventing Russia's takeover of our govt?. Plz demand a special select committee to investigate Trump-Russia ties!!!
By asking you to do your job as a Rep. of the PEOPLE and demand investigation into Flynn and @realDonaldTrump Russian ties
By wishing you would #investigatetrump Speak up against @realDonaldTrump
we are making donations to the Democratic Party! #midtermelections
az is watching you sell it out.# NOFLAKE2018
For starters, by not supporting a racist, authoritarian regime. What about you? How are you dishonoring the constitution today?
I celebrated by calling my senator (you), asking for a bipartisan investigation into events leading to Flynn resignation
by talkin' shit about you jeff flake
I'm sure this is something the fine people of Arizona would love:
Wondering what my Senators are doing to lead? I see a GOP agenda of eroding regs & trust in banks and business. GUN-NUTS
By reminding everyone not to vote for you in 2018.
.@JeffFlake WE KNOW how you could celebrate? By visiting ALL PARTS of the state #Flake2FLG #twwnaz
105th bday and 48th in funding and 50th in teacher salary. Nice job Jeffery.
celebrating by calling the Senate intel. Comm. asking for thorough investigation into 4th admin ties to Russia. Help!
by fighting for my rights! #ImpeachTrump @realDonaldTrump is dangerous to the future of our beautiful state!
Pricipeled values gets votes, not trying to please everyone.
See what happens when you try to make everyone happy, you loose your friends and those who would never vote for you
Flake and McCain are out of touch with Americans they believe that illegals have rights more than Americans shameful
wondering why we have a state senate. I mean, what's the point?
celebrating by organizing. Your time as senator will be the grande finale
by asking you when is your next town hall Sir..
let's keep our state the beautiful gem that it is. Reject Pruitt or #flakeout2018
How about you at least pretend you are concerned about the Trump/Flynn/Russia situation and stand with McCain, and...
demand a full investigation of the entire administration's ties to Russia.
I'm celebrating the #FlynnResignation of course!!!
Worrying about state of our state and nation in era of Trump.  What did he know and when . . . Well, you know the rest!
By working to oust you and your #TangerineToddler...
Reply to @JeffFlake @KTAR923 Voting against you next year you do not have the best interest of voters in AZ
Reminder...Jeff is okay with: treason, election tampering, fascism, pay-to-play politics, & ignoring his constituents
I'm "celebrating" by needing the White House to come clean about ties to Russia.
с днем рождения
By making sure you don't get re-elected #flakeout2018
By remembering that AZ deserves better than you.  Flynn Resigned...Time to choose what side of history you want to be on
by doing whatever it takes to have you defeated next election you sorry excuse for a person voted in by we the people !
Russia. That's all I can think about, Jeff. Maybe you should too.
By organizing a movement for your seat eviction in 2018. Thanks for asking... Cheers!
by working to make sure you're an ex-senator by the time the 107th anniversary rolls around.
I'm celebrating by making sure you're run out of office in 2018. You've turned your back on this State and her children.
Asking you to #DoYourJob and DEMAND an #investigation into #PutinsPuppet @IndivisibleofAZ @Arizona_Strong @azcpolitics
Providing a public a service by teaching AP Government and Politics. We are learning about Campaign Finance...
Wondering why you're sitting on your hands while our government sells out to Wall Street, again...
by worrying after another sleepless night. Will our Democracy survive this administration? Please Do something.
You should celebrate it by protecting our natl security. Investigate Russian ties in White House.
I'm registering voters to send you back here in 2018 so you can enjoy our lovely state full time. It's coming. #draintheswamp
As an Arizonan ok. As a citizen and voter , do your job and demand the impeachment of Donald Trump!
i was thinking about taking contributions from an education secretary nominee and then ignoring her lack of qualifications. You?
Let's all exercise our civic duty and call your offices (602-840-1891, 520-575-8633) to chat about the news of the day :)
I celebrated by giving you a call about the background check bill the Congress sent to the Senate. #voteno #2018
how are you Investigate the corruption in the shite House Russia.  Do you have a hearing problem?
THEY'LL

BE

SPEAKING

RUSSIAN

SOON

THANKS

TO

YOUR

PARTY!
