If you are serious, why not save others & Regulate the #2ndAmendment to comport with 2017 needs, not those of 1791?
Leftist trying to make this abhorrent act a gun issue. Typical.! Good guys with guns stopped this lunatic.
You do understand we don't want to ban guns. We are very happy that law enforcement are armed.
Exactly!I don't understand why that's so hard to comprehend.We aren't trying to take away everyone's guns.Common sense gun laws aren't bans.
"Common sense gun control" is just an arrogant way of saying, "Agrees with about taking away people's Rights".
Nope but B+ for effort.
Do you understand the difference between a Right and a Privilege?
I do, don't you? Maybe not if you're asking.
We're glad you're fine. Really. Now can you please go make some laws?
Taxes
Budget
The Wall funding
Kicking the 9th circuit's azz
Gun Control legislation.  There, I added that one for you
Gun control laws make honest people fill out forms and pay fees. Gang members buy guns for cash from the back of a car. No forms or fees.
Also knowing who's "honest" is hardly enough of a screening criteria for legal gun ownership. How about "mental stability" to start?
U tell us ur concerned 4 'safety' of Americans, yet,u want to bring in unvetted,sharia followers by the thousands? #PhonyConcern
These new folks like to bomb, stab & rape on the first date. They need charm school or something.
World has all tried ALL kinds of schools,incl. charm school,nothing has worked for 1400yrs.#BanSharia #NoRefugees #NoTaqiyya #SaveTheWest
We know they hate some things.
Dogs
Pork products
Anyone different 
Learning new things
Don't like your politics but I'm damn glad all y'all are ok. Sending lots of positive and healing vibes everyone's way.
They were trained professionals. If they had been "good guys with guns" you'd likely be dead.
Complete speculation. People's lives are saved every day by law abiding gun owners. Please move to Europe.
How about now some common sense gun laws? @MomsDemand
Thank God and then vote to save lives of those who depend on your vote . Health care, background checks, soc sec., etc.
I am glad you are ok,and appreciate all the efforts of all law enforcement.
Stop selling arms and ammunition to protect innocent lives, make a difference or shut up
God bless you, the officers and America - prayers for all hurt today.
Why was a Tyson Foods lobbyist there this morning?
Glad you did that Mr Flake. Commendable.
And another thing, even in this situation I will not vote 4 U in 2018 but your competitor that will back @POTUS
Sir, now save ours by voting no on the upcoming healthcare
Glad you are ok but please consider that it was probably easier for this nut to get a gun than it was for him to get mental health care.
I'm glad they did :) hope your fellow colleague as well as the police officers and others would recover.
Return the favor.
Save more lives, 
vote against #Trumpcare!
Then immediately tweeted about it to make sure everyone knows I'm a humble, salt-of-the-earth kinda guy.
Yeah? Think you'll be more open to a discussion on sensible gun legislation?
u need to become a moderate democrat, u r likeable
gonads since and in exchange want American sacrifices including other police. 

Everything is done to the sacrifices from making them "eat p*ssy" to castrating them by stabbing them between the legs to causing them to have fatal "accidents" to trumped up charges. Etc.
Maybe now you can find some compassion for people!
The woman with the bun on her head dressed in dark has taken over the park and repeatedly bears false witness resulting in the sacrifices being genocided. The Mexicans said AZ Capitol Police are the real targets. Flake is a diversion.
You thank the police, that's good, now get a meeting with the NRA & ask their advice to arm you so you will be more than prey for liberals.
I'm glad you weren't hurt.  Oh, and while you're in the hospital, take a look at all those people who need insurance. Vote against AHCA.
Thank God you're alive. Now go pass the Trump agenda. Make America Great Again.
Class act
Thankful that you're ok
Did you ask them how they felt about Virginia's gun laws?
America is grateful for their courage!  Speedy recovery to all the wounded.
to go after the sacrifices -  while many of the Mexicans feign the need to use handicapped contraptions/create the need for them to use these so they look helpless/can file BS  discrimination/profiling complaints.
Good that you R ok, but U need 2 know even if U get N bed with the left & never Trumpers, they will still come after u. Left eats thier own
I'm very glad you're OK. My thoughts and prayers are with everyone who was hurt. We may disagree but violence of any kind is wrong.
@JoyAnnReid Did you thank God?
Maybe it's better if you just do it and don't tell everyone.
I pay higher taxes to give raises to law enforcement, teachers first responders
Are you complementing yourself or complaining that the people who look after kids and save your steak-eating-heart-attack-having-ass get $?
Very happy you are safe and praying for the other victims
Thank you for your service and compassion to the people of Northern Va. and DC!
I am glad you are ok
You are decent and honorable. Prayers for you and everyone involved in today's horrific incident.
Great!  Now start the work the American people elected you to do and stop obstructing our Prez. We're over the NEVER TRUMP tantrums!
glad you are ok!  Stay well.
Mr. Flake, I might say that there is no love lost between my politics and yours, but I'm glad you're alright after the incident today.
Hope this inspires you and the rest of your party to make sure all Americans enjoy the same safety and healthcare you do #regulateguns
Super long story super short: years back the police were catching onto the Mexican Mafia's (MM) housing schemes so they made a deal with terrorists to disable the police so the be MM wouldn't be prosecuted. Instead, police were assassinated. The terrorists have the MM by the
With respect, Agent Griner should have no need for a GoFundme page. ( nor Bailey if he has one). Shameful. Time to do right by these heros.
I am glad you are safe Senator. I too am thankful for the Capitol police for their actions this morning.
Glad you are OK Please save healthcare & 7 Essential Benefits.
No you can take their insurance away from them and ruin their lives flake
but you still didn't learn? You will continue to hate our president and bring down our country. Change parties.
And lucky you had healthcare, too bad you don't want others, esp in AZ to share your good fortune. Cheap trick.
Oh good now u can save millions of lives by VOTING NO FOR EVIL NASTY TRUMPCARE!!!!!
You owe them more than words Congressman. You owe us ALL more than words! Gun violence is not a partisan issue, it's an American issue!
Thankful you & many others were kept safe!  #Prayers for all those who were not so lucky!
Tragic event today. Good time to push for bi-partisan legislation on fire arms.
I'm glad you weren't hurt. Violence should never be the answer to policy disagreements. What that man did was abhorrent.
Ur a blessed man, senator. Now fix gun laws and don't gut healthcare. You owe it to ur constituents.
now U can save our ACA. I'm 64 w twin 23 yr old LD sons living on $1438 SSD. SONS UN-ENROLLED MEDICAID, NOW WHAT DO I DO? SAVE US
yes they did. Your Dem friends are the reason for the shooting. Stop your anti Trump hate.
So proud of you.
Well - if truly thankful, why not celebrate your rescuers & support gay equal rights - it was a lesbian defending you -
Thankful that you are safe and that we have have some real Hero's working selflessly for our Government!  Thank GOD you are safe!
Are you now going to push for the Dems to tone down the hate speech they are spewing? The left wing has gone to damn far now.
You need to address your sides violence and rhetoric too and  it starts with Trump.
1Just because you can't deal with a republican Pres. u decide it is ok to violently protest, disrupt and now we are here. We had obama 8 yrs
SURE, sure ... it's all about you! What did you say about Scalise?!
Translation: "Give me free healthcare or I'll deal with you myself."
Now that you rediscovered your twitter account, perhaps let your constituents know where you stand on #Trumpcare?
Hey guess what you're in CONGRESS! That means you can pass laws to keep guns out of the hands of violent creeps like this one!
Glad you're okay, @JeffFlake!
Prayers!
Well done, Senator. Those officers are heros.
I hope you take good care of yourself in the coming days. You all endured a horrible trauma. I am grateful the outcome wasn't worse.
I bet a bunch of people would thank you for saving their lives if you save their lives by voting to allow them to keep their healthcare. 
I'm glad you are okay.
Can we get an assault rifle ban now? What more does it take? It's beyond time for real gun control.
We are praying for you sir! God Bless you and your family
What a horrifying situation. I'm glad you are okay and pray that the wounded will heal.
Now would you help save lives with reasonable gun control? No? Then I hope the bullets keep flying in the direction of #thoseresponsible
Well wishes and THANK YOU. Thank God they are alive!!
Hope all victims of gun violence heal + support goes to them & families. Though seems it just occur to Sen Paul semi-auto guns can massacre?
Maybe now you can speak out against mainstream violence against our @POTUS.
Now watch me as I vote to take health insurance away from 23 million Americans.
Maybe now you wish that you had regulated gun control. But I'm sure you never will. Shame
I'm so happy you are ok. When you are totally recovered, please pass common sense #guncontrol so this doesn't happen to others. thank you.
Wonder if they know about how cozy Scalise is with the KKK?
I am not 1 2 much fake reach across the aisle congratulating GOP, but I was proud of you today
That's what you should do. Why would you tweet that? Glad you're ok but you're not a nice man and AZ's not sending you back there. 85704
I'm glad your ok Jeff.
@azfamily you did a great job assisting the injured also. Glad everyone cam out alive.
Make law allowing all congressmen 2open carry 2 protect themselves. Gun laws would have stopped this lunatic but he didn't follow the laws.
A grateful nation. today. Please share our thanks.
When we doubt our nation's law enforcement pros, these are the people we doubt. Remember that when Mueller's credibility is attacked.
Glad you're ok.  Now pass national reciprocity!
Thank you Senator for being you.
Two people who, despite injuries, succeeded in their duty. Heroes.
Good thing you're not hurt... now abandon the @GOP healthcare plan & do what's right for the millions who need affordable coverage! #STANDUP
May God Bless You All. Incredible bravery. Much Gratitude Always...xo
I'm glad you're OK. Today isn't the right day for partisan debates.
Glad you're okay!
Glad you are okay.
Excellent news that you are ok!  Thank God for Capitol Police officers. Stay safe !
Very glad you are ok...Maybe when you go back to work you should discuss gun control.
@MEPFuller can we have a discussion on sensible gun regulation now? Start a fact based discussion. Please.
@jaketapper Please support prudent gun control measures and try to restore comity and mutual respect in government.
Saw you on the news today. I'm so sorry you had to experience that. I hope you continue to heal.
That's great.  So why do retired officers that did this kind of work for 20 + years have to worry that their pensions are doomed
The shooter had an AR -15 rifle ! That is a military weapon that could have shot 60 people in a minute. It should be banned
Very nice of you to do so & I am sure they appreciated that. 
GOD BLESS...MAGA...get'r done! Be blessed and protected!
This was a horrible thing that happened just terrible I'm so sorry
Glad you are safe!
Please repay by saving their healthcare.. & everyone else's. One thing is for sure-if u haven't learned a lesson in near death u never will.

I am sorry that there are #heartless trolls attacking your views while you are just thanking the people that saved you!
That's a good flake!
Ok. Great! Now pass logical gun control.
I disagree w your politics but am thankful you are ok.
Giving you points for showing you're human today. Take that humanity to work with you. When you hear the people, you won't fear the people.
Thankful you are okay. Our public servants risk the ultimate everyday. Let's make room in state/national budgets to compensate them better?
Capitol Police saved your life...now go and save other people's lives by passing common sense gun control legislation #Alexandria
Senate's secret deliberations to wreck ACA are a disgrace. Medicaid cuts will HURT your elderly constituents. Save lives. Please resist.
Next time you visit, thank them from us as well.
Glad ur well..keep hearing victims Thank the capital police,  rightfully so... Where was Alexandria police? claim they were there n 3min.
Maybe if you and your fellow public servants stopped stealing from the poor, there wouldn't be someone so desperate  to resort to murder.
thanks @JeffFlake. Now how about convincing your GOP colleagues to support #LGBTQ rights? Officer who saved you is a married gay woman.
Bless you, dude. Not all liberals think like that guy, anymore than all conservatives are are Klansmen.
While you're in hospital ask for a testicle implant
They're egregiously underpaid, like most who work in danger, Senator. Keep that in mind as you enjoy your next meal.
Glad you are safe and well
Now go do nothing like you did after Sandy Hook.
Glad you're ok.  Please make sure the rest of America gets the same care if something happens to them.  And keep guns out of criminal hands
We should calm down and think before say something, because have lots of people just seeking for excuses to do bad things, #GodBlessAmerica
Amazing job. Thanks so much for protecting our govt leaders.
VERY happy you are safe!  Prayers are up from my household to you, your family, and colleagues.
Is it a wake up call to make better decisions
Change gun laws to keep them out of the hands of those that commit most of the crime. Ban Democrats from owning guns!
Glad you were protect
Protected . Can we please revisit the gun laws
GOP will be back at it tomorrow lifting the band on silencers.
Boooooo we missed an opportunity for you to learn about taking gun lobbyists money.
Glad you are ok.
I make sure my children thank every police officer, firefighter and military officer for their service each time they see one in public. 
They saved every one
It's nice to have black people and homosexuals around, isn't it?
"... Thanked them for saving my life. I still promise to screw over typical citizen on matters of life & death though!" Honestied it forya.
Now you tasted your own hate medicine in practice,as a Green Berrett military man,no comparison,hate reaction's hate
Anything so called"National Security Sensitive"in private testimony's ochlocracy in our nobody's above theLaw fallacy principle upsets Pple

You seem to humble to be a Republican. Anywho glad you made it.
*TOO
Heros
I'm glad you are okay. Had you been shot though, at least you wouldn't have problems being treated or getting meds.

VOTE NO ON AHCA
God Bless, so sorry you had to go through this tragedy
Dry glad to read this. Next week let's discuss their healthcare to make sure they are covered for all of their needs.
Thankful for their quick thinking and saving so many lives
Do glad you're OK, Senator!
Now that you are so thankful, start to work towards doing some things that benefit our great State.
This all started the day Trump came down the escalator hating on  Mexicans and to this day painting a picture of hate blaming everyone  else
It is awesome to see training and passion turn into action when the sht hits the fan. 
Our prayers r with u - thankful 4 the Capital Police
Glad you are ok Senator!
Wld a nat'l blood drive in their honor be of svc? Imagine people across the country lining up 2 donate. *Everyone's blood is the same color.
Glad you are okay. That had to be just awful. Your personal strength and courage is admirable.
We are grateful to their service and support as well.
Too bad you don't care about kids lives like you do your fellow Congressmen

I'm glad you are okay!
I'm glad you all made it out of this. 

— Libtard :)
Glad you're ok!
thank you, Senator for recognizing our Men & Women in Blue.
pR stunt
While you're at it can you think about supporting reasonable gun control?  @joebarto said he felt helpless with a bat.....
I wholeheartedly support gun control. But my opinion on such matters counts for little.
Oops!  You must get that a lot. Sorry
From time to time.... been a lot of it today though! All good.
Its sounds like they were the heros of the day. What brave individuals.
Don't be confused, this guy is a backstabber, too. Out here in Arizona we are well aware
RESPECT.
I'm sure I'm not the 1st to say this, but now maybe you can understand what those little babies from Sandyhook went thru. #GunControl
Will you & your colleagues now be willing to have a serious conversation about gun regulation & mental health issues?!? USA needs leadership
When are you meeting with the Sandy Hook families to beg them for forgiveness for caring more about guns than their children?
#DNC @CNN @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @nytimes @ABC @MSNBC just #StopLeftsHate #CivilTalk #DiscussRealFacts Stop #FakeNews #StopAntifa #BeCivil
Good you are safe. You can also save lives by preserving #medicaid and the #aca. My mom's life depends on your vote.
Never Trumper Flake and his snarky, contemptuous comments have  just served to fuel the left's hatred. Just go  away.
Did you ask them for a donation?
