..go put a fork in it ..you're done!
Can't help myself.

Slow cook your pork to make these sliders tender & juicy. Use Carolina #HeinzBBQ sauce to make them unforgettable: http://bit.ly/2gEmrsL  
He’s announced that he’s not running. He knows he’d go down! Bye Felicia won’t miss you.
Maybe if they mustard their courage...
you had years and a majority to help our kids with debt, you and the rest funded everything Obama wanted. NO BACKBONE!!
"mustard"?  I think you mean "muster" genius.
Only down by about 25 points, this tweet probably won't help....
remember frosted flake staff demanded we don't read into the polling
..now is over , #trump broke him ..too
So, now you're a comedian?
He will soon need a backup profession
I guess that you saw the future!
Between 3rd lowest per pupil spending and private school vouchers AZ kids already screwed.
Public schools are the biggest scam put on Americans.They tturn out like Flakes
EDUCATION SECRETRY BETSY DEVOS WILL GET RIT OF THE PUBIC SCHOOLS AND  MAKE IT SO THAT ITS JUST CHRISTAIN SCHOOLS (FOR FREE) AND HOME SCHOOLS
Mayonnaise a lot of Idiots n the Senate neved sausage bullshit
Where were you & Congress when Obama doubled OUR debt? Tell your kids YOU failed them.
No Jeff, "Ketchup" was the previous administration ... he and Uncorker gave us the Iran nuke deal.
Ketchup? Seriously? Catchup and spelling aside- 10 trillion increase under you and Obama and not a word? #IdiotsAbound
It’s muster numb nuts not mustard
Man up and spend the rest of your term exposing crimes of Hillary and Obama
How bout cut back on defense spending... we spend more than the next 12 nations combined
Bout 7 years too late
You sold out to globalists go home
I prefer mayo, not mustard and ketchup
Hate to relish salsa tough solution, but you mayo had a point. Lettuce hope Congress gets to the sauce of the problem or they're in a pickle
It's MUSTER, not mustard.
FLAKE IS A FLAKE AND A TOTAL DISGRACE
This reminds me...I have to send my donation to @kelliwardaz
8 flipping years there was no budget &now you’re concerned? 
PS its MUSTER  not mustard you fool.
I taught school and had to defend Bill Clinton’s behavior in Oval Office with stained dress and cigars!  Tell me about nastiness
We are not over taxed. We just spend it wrong. CUT THE DEFENSE BUDGET. We spend more on defense than the next 12 nations combined.
I see an awesome opposition campaign ad coming, what a complete #Moron
Probably the worst Tweet pun ever This is just awful, what a Flake 
Good thing you’re giving up your day job Felecia
Jeff you are just proving your a bought and paid for senator  the special interest groups  own you don't they Your a discrace  JFK 2 SDD
Why didnt you stop giving a blank check to obama?  Your so selectively pissed+ love mccain!
Thats why you need to pack up, your done!
Republicans have to  primary this joker out
Ketchup?
How about protecting American kids? Laws are on the books and you know that DACA is not a legit law.
If they can't ketchup maybe they can mustard?
A little mustard and ketchup covers up bad food.Apparently, that's what Arizona got when you were elected
Much of that debt is incurred b/c of #illegals, yet U want them 2 stay. Can't have it both ways.
Only one way to deal with debt: Repeal ACA & pass @POTUS tax plan. @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr . MORE JOBS/HI'rWages= ..
.. =MORE TAX REVENUE 2 DECREASE DEBT !!! It's not rocket science
GEE MUCH OF THAT DEBT DUE TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION WHY DID YOU AND MCCAIN ALLOW ALL THESE PEOPLE INTO AZ TO HAVE KIDS NOT ASSIMILATE? YOUR JOB
How's deserting your party and voters working out for you? Trump supporters have spoken...
Jeff is running 3rd in the latest poll against primary challenge
What ketchup their FREEDOM FRIES? 
@JeffFlake is as "Corny as a Cornflake from Cornwall in a Corny Cornflake Competition".
A time for bad puns / A time for voters to get rid of a flake....
@JeffFlake wants open borders so sex traffickers and MS13 gang members can easily walk in and out of our country. Vote him out please.
Then stop spending our money hypocrite!!! You never fight to reduce spending. This is campaign speak. LIAR LIAR LIAR - Fake Conservative
Personally fine w DACA kids staying-if chain migration isn't part of deal.  But what about enforcement?  Enforce new laws better than old?
Kissing the NYT's butt is not going to get you anywhere as well!
Any will in gov to stop ILLEGAL immigration, send people back quickly, hold employers accountable? If not, no use for more laws to ignore.
Simpson/Mazzoli gave amnesty to 2 mil.  That would be end of illegal immigration/amnesty&borders would be secured.  It wasn't. They weren't.
What guarantee is there future governments will obey any new immigration law's Congress puts in place after ignoring prior laws for 30 yrs?
Prob I have with posts like these-It's never parents fault for breaking law, or prior government's for allow law breaking to continue.
@ylanmui Israel 1st @JeffFlake won't stop additional 38 billion to Israel & use it 4 #Houston instead with #Harvey?: http://www.unz.com/pgiraldi/israels-38-billion-scam/ …
Resign now
It's muster*, pendejo
lettuce condiment you on your wit and wisdom
It's already too late. This country cannot payback 20 trillion plus interest, ever.
"Mustard"? Really? The only thing even part way right is the "tard" part. Just embarrassing.
Ketchup? Catch up. Wow. You are so illiterate.
Can you muster up the Kerge to vote like a Republican and conservative?   #MAGA
Ketchup!?!  Is this a joke. Really man. Digging deeper.
Then we will all have to face the condiments
Nope. He understand one thing - growing latino population in AZ= votes=POWER & MONEY
You won't have to be making stupid comments on Twitter much longer. Kelli Ward will soon have your job and correct your mistakes
Is this a parody account? I can't imagine a US senator being this childish.
This one time I'll let you say you were hacked.
if... 
politicians like you are the problem. all talk, no action. just take pictures and try to be funny on twitter. you are pathetic!
Wave bye bye
I say u will be VOTED OUT! We spoke Once! WE WILL SPEAK AGAIN-We the People
Yet you want us to feed, house and provide services for millions of breeding illegal freeloaders?
#Trumpian autocorrect #tragic
Fake news.
If the US Government paid off all its debt, nobody would have any $.
Flake senator speak with forked tongue: complains about debt after wanting keep and pay for illegals.
Ketchup aside, unless you start acting like a Republican then you will fall.
@JeffFlake- My kids and grandkids dont 'ketchup'. Pack your bags, buddy. 2018 coming soon.
Jeff Flake has the courage to do what is right and doesn't bend to pressure.  Keep it up Jeff.
has Hillary hired you yet? You are going to need a new job
Where did you learn to spell? Voice text doesn't work well with talking out the side of your mouth.
Support @POTUS or lose your seat.
And Congress wonders why Americans think they can't accomplish anything. Your ridiculous statement is exactly why! #Pathetic #Ignorant
Ketchup? Well aren't you a chucklehead
You can't get primaried out soon enough!
Yes, they really need to ketchup.
How about not adding to debt w/stupid things like the Wall? Businesses & wealthy have enough breaks - no more tax breaks for them.
wall=border security; less illegals who vote corrupt politicians like Flake into power. The tax brake is 2 help middleclass & small business
Flake News.......
Even a football team knows when it has lost. Head to the locker room.
#MAGA
Oh so clever. Go away !
Man, how did you get elected? Can we fast forward to next year when you get voted out of office?
This message is about 8 years and 10 trillion dollars too late.
#rinos & @TheDemocrats offer hotdogs @realDonaldTrump delivers Steak & Lobsters Throw this bum out #FakeFlakeisaRino
TRANSLATION....I CARE MORE ABOUT #ILLEGAL FOREIGNERS THAN ABOUT MY AMERICAN VOTERS WHO TRUSTED ME TO KEEP THEIR KIDS SAFE FROM #ILLEGALS.
It's "muster," sir.
Or corn flakes.
Do you think Obama care is helping at all with the National Debt? The ignorance is astounding. BYE BYE Jeffie Pooh.
Enjoy your short time still in office. 
Every time you tweet it makes my girl and Ice Cream.
*catch up. Ketchup is a red food used for dipping with French fries, etc.
You are a fake!!
What the fuck is your deal?
You have disappointed millions, 2018 is around the corner step aside Jeff real conservative will be on board 
Just don't bullshit us and try a tax cut to decrease the debt.
I am a positive thinker but there is but 1wat to get rid of our debt. Get rid of useless agencies($1.4 trillion annually)
in 1977, liberal Keynesians politicized the Federal Reserve by giving it a dual mandate to let prices rise in bad economy,but keep wages low
you should be making sure that Fed doesn't raise interest rates above market rates or shrink its balance sheet fast & cause another crash
Greenspan could have let the economy grow fast & pay off the national debt, but he admits he tanked the economy for fear of no more bonds.
Federal Reserve was created to buy bonds. Didn't Obama presidency prove that deficits don't really crowd out investment or cause inflation?
You should be working on helping our country instead of making stupid jokes. But not to worry, Kelli Ward will be taking your place soon. 
Why add to the debt with a stupid, costly, unnecessary wall?
I believe that you meant "muster" and "catch up". 

Jeff, the internet always remembers.....
Got yourself in quite a pickle....
The beauty of word suggestions- might want to turn that off or you will end up Dan Quayle
Not dealing with the debt will deprive future generations of condiments...
 and people wonder why you're a FLAKE
Brilliant...just brilliant!
Is "ketchup" a verb?
Ketchup is yucky
So is Trump.
You are done
Allowing Obama to add $10 TRILLION to the debt & the US has Nothing, nothing to show for it Congress is responsible 4 'the people's purse'
This is kind of a serious topic to be joking about isn't it Jeff?
Every generation says that.
Hard for me to take you seriously with that lame condiment pun.
I'll tell you what I'll take back everything I said about you if you pass balanced budget. Deal? Just kidding you're firedd
#Vote4Ward
Please tell me your joking. End the Fed. You can't pay off the debt while fraction banking is instituted.  The interest money doesn't exist.
Stop the wordplay and get to work you worthless public servant!
I'm glad you can make jokes about being $20T in debt. Say goodbye to your job, clown. When the swamp gets drained say bye-bye to ur pension!
Way to go Flake, you just handed Kelly Ward your seat with this jewel.
Then why do you support the welfare state?
You put your STUPIDITY on display for all of America to see & read & reread! It's called "double check" before you post!
Do you always keep that Cheshire Cat grin on your face? You look like you got caught eating the canary!
Step aside. You have shown disrespect for the American people and POTUS.  #EndDACA #BuildTheWall #RepealOcare #TaxReform
You RINOs signed off on EVERYTHING Obama wanted - you gave him a blank check-caved in every negotiation - and now you talk tough???
That will be a first-- Republicans complained they could get bills passed because of Obama and Dems. No excuse, but 0 done. Fault yours
From what we've seen about the tax reform it doesn't seem like that's gonna help either. Last POTUS to have a surplus in office is Coolidge.
Fake Flake, thanks for finally noticing the $20,000,000,000,000 debt!  I thought you would never notice, maybe now you will back POTUS!
If you and Congress don't get off its butt to do anything will be a miracle
U are part of the problem, DACA kids add to the debt!!!
KETCHUP! Love it!
I have a great idea, you go write nursery rhymes and will have your replacement write sensible laws.
Don't put that Shit off on our kids! Y'all-need to do your damn jobs! Stop putting yourselves first! You're going to pay 4 it @ the polls!
Mustard?? Try the word, muster, and invest in a dictionary.
Delete your account
They mustard be brave and strong and work hard.
Ketchup?  Really, Jeff, really?
Ketchup Please don't let this guy represent you
Oh you got jokes, when the President is trying to take care of business and needs your help doing it.. real funny
What was the goal here? To get roasted? I appreciate the attempt to connect with puns, I guess, but damn... swing and a miss
WTF??? Then you should RELISH giving AZ public education your unwavering support.
Well, maybe they should start with the $250 billion the illegal immigrants suck off the system.
IT IS TIME FOR YOU AND MCCAIN TO RESIGN AS REPUBLICAN RHINOS!!  GOD SEES ALL THINGS WITHOUT EXCEPTION AND ALL WILL BE JUDGED ACCORDINGLY!!!!
What about building a wall?
Could you imagine Ronald Reagan writing something like this? Our politicians confuse bring silly with bring clever. So frustrating.
Our kids will never "ketchup", because fraud phony huckster pretend conservatives like @JeffFlake can't cut the mustard.
Maxine is that you ?
I RELISH the day you are voted out. MAYO days in congress be shortened. LETTUCE all rejoice in your defeat...
That's pretty funny?  However, #americans what real solutions to real problems.  Do you happen to have any ???
lol don't even try to act like you are a conservative. Please the gig is up
Really? Condiment puns? OVER A $20 TRILLION DEBT THAT WE MAY NEVER PAY OFF?!?
that sounds about right... Romper Room
Did you give up your ethics and morals once elected?
It's already impossible for the kids to catch up head full of ketchup the national debt is over their heads and you're cracking jokes.
Muster you flake!
Does that mean yet again our Sen is against the @POTUS WE VOTED OVERWHELMING FOR???
ketchup?? think you meant catch up but regardless  every politician has said this every year for how many years now???
You mustard not have reviewed this before you posted it.
"Mustard up"???
You Flake, are a mustard tiger
Vote for @kelliwardaz. She's ready to #MAGA!

