@potus But do the citizens of Arizona feel safe?
Right now in Yuma, AZ!
I am from Yuma and live here! Had to work today! Wish I was there protesting "The Pussy Grabber in Chief"!
The deplorable has spoken.
Thank you for taking a stand against Trump's bad behavior and choices.
What about Arpio?????
Sadly, they have to kiss your ass until we vote you out.  start dusting off your resume.

Is honored and humbled like thoughts and prayers. U make me sick with your cliched
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
Well, at least until the Demented potus comes to town!
Never felt safer because of people like Apraio who MADE IT SAFER by identifying illegals and putting them in the system to be deported.
And Sherriff Joe will be humbled to get a pardon. Good job President Trump. At least someone sticks up for him in Arizona!
@JeffFlake you are a snowflake and my followers are voting for @kelliwardaz . There were hundreds of posters last night4her&0 for u#gohome
Flaky abandons the voters who voted him in. U r an ethically challenged lying swamp Republican who is out to sell books.  RESIGN.
Dear Mr. Martha Stewart, ur shoes r too light for navy. Were you trying to match your spray tan? The Brits say "don't wear brown into town"
Hope it was a plaque celebrating how you sold out your state and your country.
You are for open borders

I've seen you interviewed.  America voted for Donald Trump and you are disloyal.  I'm sending money to your opponent.  Perfect Name: FLAKE
This New Sherriff is a Fraud and cheated his way to a win..They suppressed the Votes in Az also to try and fix it for Hillary but failed
Thank @realDonaldTrump you rino. You're fired!
But they aren't endorsing you.
You would be better for backing our @POTUS - YOU SUCK
Keep sucking butt won't help your no conservative
Recognition for what?? Sucking at life? Being a  Rino? Being McConnells little beach ball?
Recognition for what?? Supporting open borders??
Let's get in a real GOP senator...vote Flake out
I can't wait until you're voted out. flakey jeff and john mccain gonna go bye bye!!
You didn't condemn Arpaio so don't even
RINO!!!  U aren't going to Rally cause u would have been booooooooed so loud yo great great great grandparents would hear it!
Arizona will feel safer soon once we have run you out office.
I'll bet U love the Recognition your getting from the Left 4 helping to destroy President Trump. We will NEVER Forget  Jeff Kasich Flake
.so it's not the wall, its people who make u safer make up ur mind #nosenate4uin18
Figures. #youwontbeournextsenator
Flake is a snake traitor! We knew you were a snake!
FACT: Unlike @Cnn's Jeff Flake who's approval rating is 18% in Arizona, Sheriff Joe Arpaio is widely popular !! 

#PhoenixRally #PardonJoe
What the hell did you do?  All I saw was you standing in the street running your mouth.
Flake the Snake...
The rank and file can't stand you.
Because you're white.
For dis-respecting President Trump I hope you lose your seat.  @AZSheriffs @PimaSheriff
Enjoy it, hopefully it will be your last , no traitors with TRUMP @potus , go Kelly Ward
#TrumpRally starts in 3hours will you be watching? https://youtu.be/1RturpZ8Ato 
I love your handle name!
Jeff Flake & Sen @JohnBoozman 

Would replace American workers with Illegal aliens if given that choice.
Jeff, you will not have my vote anymore! You are a crooked politician, a fake republican undermining President Trump!
 Congratulations!
Kelly Ward will make a great senator to replace you
Please, as a republican you must continue to stand up for our country! There aren't enough republicans with backbone. We need you!
Donate to Kelli Ward and get this turncoat out of office.
They let you out?
It's time for you to go flake. We won't tolerate RINOS who sell out the middle class to special interests any longer.
Recognition for what, Dousch Bag of the Year!
Coward politicians like you are what's wrong w America today.
Yeah, but, it won't save your job...
Well, you're a well-off white man. Please voice our concern over poss. pardon of racial profiler and disgrace to law enforcement Joe Arpaio.
Ur seat is not safe.  You are out.
The rest of the World doesn't fell so safe. This lunatic president can loose it at any time. Unpredictable. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia
Under Obama, most Americans didn't feel safe. Wait 20 years to see how the Iran deal works. Probably the same as the NKorea deal.
What did you do exactly for the nifty trophy?
Term limits on career politicians would make me feel safer waiting for you to legislate that
For what?!?!  You have betrayed the Voters
Where's Sheriff Joe?
his fired ass is trying on pink panties, and brainstorming his last meal.
Are you going to keep dying your hair and whitening those veneers after you're voted out? #PhoenixRally
America will be safer when you and McCain are out of Washington. 
@kelliwardaz & @POTUS will make America safe again.
#TrumpRally #MAGA
To bad she's a Koch sponsored fraud that has already admitted to photoshopping an ad.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
And yet you STAND FOR THE SANCTURY CITY IN PHX!!  WHY?  This is wrong and I can't wait to replace you!  U don't support Americans & @POTUS
I have not felt safe since 911. Please hear my concerns.

https://mobile.twitter.com/OmanReagan/status/896563796071731201 …
https://mobile.twitter.com/Spicerlies/status/899764397148688384 …
Enjoy it now because you will not win reelection in 2018. #DrainTheSewer
Your name fits Pesky
#GOPsilent
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 
#GOPsilent
Sen. Blumenthal presses DOJ on investigation of Trump adviser Sebastian Gorka: "It's fundamental issue of trust" 
your a flake!
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …
America will feel safer when you're voted out of office
Even with tRump in the Whitehouse?
I've never felt more terrified every morning
Then leave
Congratulations......from Texas!!!!

This is terrorism in #Charlottesville

A car being driven into a crowd of civilians is an intentional attack. 
Who does this benefit?
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Congratulations Senator, you deserve it.

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
