Sure hope the good people of Arizona kick you to the curb in the next election.

one of 11 children? #fundplannedparenthood
DO YOUR JOB
Great townhall meeting. Lousy Congressman
 Either lead or get out of the way.
years ago abortion could have been a choice. Today, there are many choices that does not require killing babies
Your "Code of Conduct" rules just makes me feel like you don't like the taste of your own medicine. Remember those Tea Party tactics?
Are u planning on attending in person? Please advise your constituents, we are waiting for a definitive response.

There sure are a lot of rules for your town hall.  FREEDOM OF SPEECH?
Can't wait until he runs for re-election. Does he think he can hide then?

So how did it go?
He's probably afraid of someone explaining solar power too him
hope someone pointed out solar polar CAN give you lights at night #Flake'saflake
You earned my respect tonight after watching ridiculous crowd behavior obvious crowd filled with no conservatives just baiters and heckkers

Obama, Soros and the Left have STAGED all town halls. They train ppl in classes how to resist, such idiots! Dems have ruined Democracy in US
Answer the Questions. Benghazi cost millions for nothing. TRUMP/Russia, we already know the FACTS and so do you and Nunez.
stepford constituents only please!
Senator Jeff Flake
smirked and dodged constituents.
#2018, sir.
#NationalHaikuPoetryDay

Your constituents hate you, bruh.
You betcha!  And then 575 days from now..hasta la vista Jeffy! #ticktock

@AZGOP   Can't wait to see you voted out.
you know, that town hall where he didn't answer questions and just stood on the stage with a stupid grin on his face. DISGRACEFUL SENATOR
575 days left!!!!
Saw your town hall on @MSNBC  It looks you're out of a job in 2018. When will you fake conservatives see Potus+maralago pisses people off.
@JeffFlake Thank you for being one of the rare voices of the GOP who stands up against Trump. #CountryOverParty #DontLoseYourVoice

https://youtu.be/DP3hfxYYtG4  #FlakeTownHall
Just don't stifle the voices that disagree with you..your surname is Flake not Snowflake! Face your constituents!..
Really, u should give people enough respect that if they want to vent to let them. Forcing them to bow to ur demands may not be wise now
What's your definition of disruptive? Anything that doesn't agree with you? #askingforafriend #Indivisible #AZIndivisible @AZ_Indivisible
First question: why are you a rubber stamp for the trump administration?
Unless anyone disagrees with you then they will be thrown out! Lots of stipulations to your T H ,no signs either. Whats up. No freedom?
You set rules for attendance? Who employs you? Who do you work for? Who pays your salary? You have a lot of nerve or you're terrified
Sure are a lot of rules for your "Town Hall". Will United Airlines be handling your security?
Oh boy! Are you in trouble!
Are you going to do one for those of us in the west valley too?
I'd love to go, but I have to be at my students' sixth grade concert (I teach)Here's my question: why does ideology supersede constituency?
Nope. You've done NOTHING but propose bills harmful to people. Internet browsing, bill 195, what's next? Who's paying you off??
HAVE OMNE IN TUCSON! Tucson contributes to your paycheck& all perks too!
Heard you are bussing in your supporters?  What, no transportation for the rest of your constituents?
How are questions being submitted? Online in advance or via index cards so they can be screened? #ShakeFlake
Yes I would like to know also if questions will be pre-selected.
We will be there to ask you about your sell out to at&t, Verizon and Comcast. The FTC will not be an excuse for selling us out
#FlakeOut2018 tick tock
Can't be there. Here is my sign. "melt snow (Jeff)  flake". "how u rule has no weight. School matters."
.@SenJeffFlake while we appreciate the offer, 3 days notice is tough for N. AZ. We work to pay your salary. More heads-up appreciated.
Cant wait!
Basically if @JeffFlake doesn't like your question, YOURE OUT!
1st one in what 7 yrs? What changed your mind? Public outcry or @deedra2018
#resistanceworks
It's about time. Tough questions to come from ppl you "represent".
You're finally gonna do it. Good for you. If I can't make it, someone ask about internet privacy repeal. Nobody, R or D supports it
And what are they going to do to stabilize the healthcare exchanges. If people lose coverage cuz their inaction, they will be to blame.
Americans want affordable healthcare that includes people with pre-existing conditions. #the27percent
Are you planning any in Tucson?
Props for facing your constituents. Bring your best defenses. Probably gonna be a lot of Democrats in your face.
Hey .@JeffFlake Happy to see, but maybe you can make it N of Maricopa Cty sometime?
Oh please. He isn't even going far from his own house for a decent sized menu.
OMG... You're going to be there.. like LIVE and In-Person?  No cardboard cut-outs?  No stand-ins?  I'm shocked!  Wait.. do we have to pay?
Finally. Be prepared to answer some tough questions!
I think my time is better spent at the monthly @LD24Dems meeting focusing on real change
Start circling the wagons lol
Sweet, more lies to #gop and #jeffflake to get richer.
FINALY!!!
Please focus on legalizing medical marijuana
Big pharma will lose billions if Marijuana is legalized - bc it's non habit forming and helps chronic pain. Wonder what his thoughts are?
You just put Cluck The Flakey Chicken out if a job! You'll know how that feels soon. Internet privacy,  health care, education... Really???
Are you going to have Mary screen the questions?
Make sure you get close to the speakerphone so everyone can hear you.
Good. Have you finally grown a backbone?
No
you better be there. You have a lot of explaining to do
Worst congressman in America...wonder what he'll be selling?
We will see you there. You have a lot to answer for...
You were already invited, you know. http://www.thedesertdissenter.com/2017/03/30/sen-jeff-flake-town-hall/ …
why would you plan one when @indivisiblephx already set one up for you? Kinda redundant
@indivisiblephx already did the work & set one up. Invited you & your staff weeks ago. But you're just like "nah"?
What? You mean offer constituents plenty of notice and a centrally located meeting site? That's crazy talk!
We are looking forward to seeing you! Hope there are lots of seats in the building. #shakeflake
Great! Can't wait to ask about selling out our privacy, the comprehensive immigration reform you promised,& your flip flop on nuclear option
Go get 'em!

@coreysanchez13 @bamcintosh @BBQKing  @MACROPHENOMENAL cue the tombstone gif
probably should just come to the one that @indivisiblephx invited you to 
we are still hoping to see you on 4/20
It's going to be epic!
He'll probably phone it in.
Literally.
