"Burdensome regulations" =code speak 4 greedy amoral business excess profits. You are destroying yr children's land. Shame!
so....healthy air quality is burdensome.   

who needs that pesky ozone layer, anyway? It interferes with my sunbathing.
Jeff Flake, working to roll back to 1778 when Ozone wasn't even a word and Arizona didnt need no senators.
why don't you investigate the ties to Russia, you're afraid that they're going to find real facts not the fake news of 45
Obama wiretapped Trump? Shame on him and u. You need a court's approval.A smokescreen for Russian collusion.
AZ is so done with you. You are a betrayer of this beautiful state. We will do everything possible to replace you in 2018.
why won't he meet us in person?
Thanks! I hate clean air and water too, Yuck!
Your dentist must be so proud every time he sees your face in print! Your just a traitor to me!  Don't call my phone again!
thanks for public town hall while you were on break!! Phone sessions don't count..we can't speak. INVESTIGATE TRUMP NOW
You clearly don't give a shit about the Citizens of Arizona, or you would address our concerns.
No Word from the Crappiest Senator AZ has ever known, regarding #45s Tweets on Wire Tapping ? WTH  ?
B/c AZ cities have the best ozone! Attaching link to suggest why #WOTUS is important for AZ
Where's your cheesy cowboy hat ..???
You should think really hard about voting to replace Obamacare. I'll work so hard to repace you. #noflake2018
If this doesn't give you the heebie-jeebies
Get Senator Flake's Roundup Report email. Destroy the future for short term $
You poison our land & support a dangerously erratic WH. Whatever they do is on your hands. We will remember in 2018.
Get rid of Flake  !
So you going to have an in person chat with us yet? Or are you going to hide behind your pathetic phone town halls
AZ does not have an infinite supply of H2O. We need to regulate its use and ensure it's clean for consumption. Regs are needed!
Burdensome regs & PM10? You understand that Phoenix's air quality is generally poor, yes? Especially in the summer w/absent winds
Make some new friends here in AZ.  Hold townhall with constituents.  We only want a chance to have a civil dialogue with U.
Provide specifics. Ever notice that not one person on your own page supports you? You have a rare talent to unite folks!
has a lot in common w/ the @azfb - both are big producers of manure. Filling his pockets w/ their $ because he'll be out in 2018.
are you delusional on who you represent back here in Arizona? I hope you have plans after 2018 because they do not include any trips to DC
You do understand that ozone restrictions keep us from choking on smog, right?  Not all environmental regs are a bad thing.
regs are put in place for a reason not to be burdensome. Wot specific regs are you speaking of?
Oh good! I was thinking Arizona's been looking way too pristine. Being on the pollution!
I will do everything I can to make sure you do not get re-elected. CLEAN AIR OR MONEY..WRONG PICK
So proud of you and your party. Getting rid clean air and 22 year olds who deserve to be here. This is on your hands
yeah, who needs that pesky environment!  Clean air is overrated... Cough cough. (Pun intended)
these protect AZ forests how? Please explain the connections.
Great 2 see that diversity. And regulations? I like dirty water/air/contamination. The rich/corporate class know best 4 us
Cancer is burdensome yet @gop will try to screw those with preexisting conditions from equal premiums
Sessions must resign
yea cause who really likes clean air and water?
You don't seem to believe that environmental destruction will hurt you or ur family. Clean air and water. Who needs that?
yeah, just great. I hate breathing fresh air.
Get with our new President Jeff. His name in Donald Trump. Say it every time you do it. ARZ helped elect him.
So why nothing with voters in AZ #TownHall meetings? Afraid you can't explain shameful silence on #TrumpRussia? #DoYourJob
@IndivisibleofAZ Your talk about clean water and air is just talk...what you really seem to be saying is SPECIAL INTERESTS!
. @JeffFlake @azfb Bad air quality to go with our bad schools. Thanks Jeff, you suck.
you pledged to serve the USA not to destroy the environment
regulations that protect consumers, please be careful what you wish
Breathable air is such a terrible burden.
Right because we need to inhale more damaging ozone and small particles to make America Sick Again.
every action ur taking on the environment is the opposite of what should be done, and doesn't accomplish what u say it does
Burdensome regulations perjury, treason, lying to congress.Sessions must Resign! @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr
looks like a bunch of good ole boys how much they pay you to do this dump FLAKE 2018
yes clean water is such a burden!
yeah, bring it back like the early 80s when you couldn't see the mountains from the valley due to air pollution!
Instead of tearing down the restrictions that protect our state from people like yourself, maybe tell Sessions to resign.
There is just way too much clean water in our DESERT state. Why would we want to take care of our LIMITED water sources.
If this picture was any whiter it would come with Lite Miracle Whip.
