You clearly haven't bothered to collect any facts on what DACA was all about. Maybe save criticism for things you have researched first?
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DJOnsukVYAA7t9i.jpg …
YOU R OUT!
Do u not understand english? The ppl don't want amnesty!
...It won't make it past the house, so do what U  RINO's want...it will not matter! ... U will be removed in 2018.
LONG AS THEY HAVE NO CRIMINAL RECORD & BROUGHT VERIFIABLE AS KIDS. NO CRIMINAL RECORDS, PERIOD
How about the GO Act, you and the illegals GET OUT!
I agree
Let's talk about tax dollars and jobs.  Let's talk real data.  How many DACA recipients have American born children funded by my tax $
Jeff: We are not Going to Let Trump Dictate Who is Elected Arizona Senator  We will support YOU
This RINO like his Lib-Dem buddies wants 2 continue breakin th law. He's out-of-step with history. Get rid of him ASAP. Stop him.
WalMart is looking for a greeter , good luck on your new profession.
#EndDACA If #Congress had honored #OathofOffice & stopped this at the starting gate, there would B no discussion on this now @RepMcSally
These People are despicable and Should Never be considered for CITIZENSHIP in Our America.
Thanks for the follow & retweets Ronnie! #EndDACA #TheBridgeAct is the more preferred; Unlike the other bills in Congress, it does not include a path to citizenship. Hope @POTUS @realDonaldTrump doesn't sign ANY #DACA bill.
@tvogvo #shutup shouldn't you be cleaning out your desk, looking for work?
You better change to  demoRAT flake. I hope Arizonans give you the boot.
Are non citizens more important? What about healthcare and tax reform? Time to #ReplaceTheFlake and get @kelliwardaz
DACA, Gotta Go,bill IS unconstitutional Thug Obama had no Right,Time U In Office, LISTEN To LEGAL TAX PAYERS,DACA does not deserve U.S. HELP
what about leave act
He knows he's history - going to screw us every way he can on his way out! Need to boot him now... #recall
and this is one of the many reasons you will be voted out of office

We do not a DACA, we want the ILLEGALS to go home and take their children. Let Legal Americans take the jobs, Welfare recipients.
You are a traitor to the people of AZ
I see you don't believe in the rule of law.  AND you oppose a border wall. Why don't you just switch parties. You are NO conservative sir.
DAPA ???
Dr. Kelli Ward is going 2 win BIG TIME! Put this totalitarian Senator 2 shame. Send him packing. He's a useless Congress critter.
So quick to "act" for non Americans but NOT for Americans when it comes to healthcare and taxes thanks Flake!
BETTER IDEA IS TO CALL OUT NATIONAL GUARD AND SEND ENTIRE FAMILY BACK FOR TRYING TO EVADE OUR LAWS
You're on the bills to screw your voters and the State of Arizona.  #VoteThemOut, it's time for @kelliwardaz
Such a real flake !!

MAGA 
DACA is a jobs program for illegal aliens and a Democrat voter drive. It's a gateway drug to full blown amnesty for all invaders. #EndDACA
You should just go home!
@realdonaldtrump do not sign these bills, Mr. President.  Flakey is anti-american and puts illegals before American citizens.
York: Crime & immigration: What's in the DREAM Act WTF @JeffFlake @LindseyGrahamSC  @POTUS MUST VET THEM #DACA
This is why AZ will get rid of you in 2018. You have NO business being in Gov if you make decisions on emotions. Logic & law, or leave.
Writing more bad law helps no one. Try enforcing the ones we have! You act like this rainbow & puppy feel good stuff matters. Grow a pair!
How can you vet dreamers who have NO documentation?It's a sham and a lie and an insult to American citizenry. As are YOU
No. & Not until you fund Wall we voted for &fund infrastructure & take care of US citizens after hurricanes.
Your new name - senator jackassery. Get used to it RINO

WHY would Congress want to legalize those who violate the law?
 give me a break fake Flake!
Thank you senator, let's hope it goes from bill to law!!
If these DACA ppl are so great why aren't they citizens?
Flake stop lying about the median age of the DACA kids you said 6 the truth is 22-26 yrs old
You cannot be gone soon enough. We in AZ have had it with you!
How many Nationalities use DACA now? AZ and all other states? AZ press seems like all illegal immigrants are Mexican Citizen (real numbers).
Your looking Shakey Flakey,  pretty sure your just a RINO.
Stop calling these people dreamers Congress knew this was a problem for yrs guess who has been dreaming

McCain & Flake too busy virtue signaling to meet with a constituent/mom of slain cop when she makes the trip to DC. http://trib.al/TpWlKaq 
You are what is wrong with the Republican party. You are like an employee who has become discontent and does nothing but complain.
What would we do without you Jeff?
I make my own tacos at home and trim my own hedges!
So don't just talk, go to work and get it done. Simple right? Good luck...
So y'all can't repeal Obamacare or get Americans tax reform, but you're already working on behalf of non-citizens? #Priorities  #2018
We are sick and tired of you corporate globalist Republican TRAITORS. I pray to God that you are overwhelmingly defeated in the primary.
Here's your chance to champion open borders!
I think I could back the Flake Off Act.
You are a complete failure working hard for illegals leaving az citizens to twist on Obamacare.
Save DACA? But you can't REPEAL OBAMACARE or to tax reform...you got it all twisted Jeff
Keep it up Jeff you're making it easier to vote you out 2018 You and McCain are in the wrong party !
Where's tax reform, wall, Obamacare repeal. DACA is not on my priority list!!!
You should be working tax reform & healthcare. What are you doing?
Bridge ACT DOES NOT ALLOW DREAMERS TO BE REPORTED TO ICE- means they can get away w/ CRIMES!! NO ON BRIDGE ACT!
Also allows scum criminals in under the Bridge act! They can commit misdemeanors everyday and not get deported! No on bridge act!
F the dream act!
You & @SenJohnMcCain  don't have time to meet with Mary Mendoza who son, Mesa Police Sergeant Brandon Mendoza, killed by an illegal alien.
@Tom cotton  immigration bill centers on Am legal citizens, securing border, fixing problems caused by irresponsible politicians, parents!
tax reform HC wall funding for American citizens? 7 yrs @GOP @TheDemocrats nothing @POTUS recinds unconstitutional BO EO now illegals 1st?
You oppose RAISE Act? Why not just call yourself a Democrat?
How about we just enforce the laws we have and not waste anymore money on pork filled legislation.
YOU WANT HIM TO FORGET HIS PROMISES LIKE YOU DID YOU PHONY FAKE SENATOR CELEBRATING THE DAY UR OUT OF OFFICE IM THROW A PARTY
YOU TELLING TRUMP TO FORGET HIS PROMISES WELL GUESS WHAT HE WONT WHY CAUSE HES NOT A SHIT PATHETIC LOSER LIKE YOU ARE
You want a pat on the head after sitting on your asses in a snit because the last President was darker skinned? Get stuffed.
Vote for Dr. Kelli Ward.  
#ReplaceTheFlake
I wish you fought for tougher borders, Obamacare repeal, and tax cuts with such optimism and zeal.
Translation: I'll support anything that delivers amnesty without meaningful enforcement. Can't wait to give $ to his challenger.
The dreamers want to go home, they keep waving the Mexican Flag, they are also Anti-American, Deport
Don't forget the Raise Act.  Many of us AZ's hold your future in our hands.
BTW your dreamers are burning the and flying the Mexican flag, no need to fix DACA they won't appreciate it, time to deport!!!
What about obamacare?
And what about Americans, Veterans and Legal Immigrants? Shouldn't you be working hard for us not Illegals??? You sir are Anti-American
You are such a traitor - Kelli Ward will have no problem sending you off into obscurity!
Your approval rating continues to sink. Keep it up!
We want repeal of ObamaCare and tax reform. But you care more about illegal aliens than Americans. Get the hell out of the Senate.
I laugh whenever u tweet bc u are so clueless. Republicans despise u! Your fake virtue signaling is so lame. Lol!
Pack your bags flake!
 McConnell is no longer a Knight in shining armor, stop kissing criminal ass
7. From Chinese-flagged ships to evade taxes to paid speeches for Iran's Mujahideen, Elaine Chao/@SenateMajLdr corruption in one flowchart 
Next they will pass the you lose your senate seat act! #RINO
Thanks for nothing
1 of those 3 bills has to be better than the other 2, if are all the same, then 2 of them are unnecessary. Pick one  and quit pandering.
Leaping into action for illegals.  Americans... not so much.
The Safe Act needs to be passed  and Endangered Species Act needs to be Saved.. Extinction is forever
How r most of Dreamers 6yrs old but you trn around & say 90% are working paying taxes? Math nvr adds up with Politicians. Go bk 2 school Flk
Tell people about waver 4 gang members,grants for illegals to open businesses, not being able to arrest after dark. If support your out
Haven't you learned from Reagan you can't give out amnesty without creating more immigration problems. You're so going to lose your job
NO DACA! NO BRIDGES TO NO WHERE! NO MORE SPECIAL INTERESTS (GOOGLE, FB, MIROSOFT) FILLING YOUR POCKETS TO HIRE ILLEGALS & SCREW AMERICANS!
How about DEPORT Act, that's a bill worth passing
Flake off Flake.
You vote in favor of DACA you get voted out by republicans Suicide pill swallow it
Anything you author I'm against I know it will hurt the American people
Really looking forward to a true republican,Kelli ward taking your job next year. Move your desk next to schumers where it belongs.
never ending! Cartel bought and paid for!
Push for the #DreamACT
Howz about you just step away from everything for now. Go to your office and wait for the election.
Great! Work together,  kids!
Why don't you represent the AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST?
325MILLION of us want tax reform, REPEAL AND REPLACE, infrastructure, then maybe DACA..
Where is my WALL?
You know that KELLI WARD would do the will of the people!!
Not the will of the PROGRESSIVE SOCIALISTS.
YOU WORK FOR US!!
What about REPEAL AND REPLACE?
That's more important, you know, helping out AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST!!
Tax reform, infrastructure, then DACA!
Laws and our constitution matter
Build the wall! #MAGA 
Next will be your unemployment act
We want the RAISE Act!
Flake this is one of many reasons you will not be voted back in.
I hope so.

Your a Flake. Do your job and quit taking vacations
To bad you don't fight for the American people health care...only seem to care about illegal immigrants pathetic!
Do you actually want a democrat/communist super majority in this nation? Because your actions & those of most of the GOP tell me yes you do
So you basically are saying just roll over let everyone come here over load our welfare rolls giving away free education to law breakers
Build the wall bedore you do anything else.
In day you will say. " WHAT HAPPEN " just like Hillary book title.#
Thank you, Senator
-Constituent, CD2
#DefendDACA
Your RINO is showing!
Please work on DACA before tax reform. Ending DACA could cost U.S.  $60 billion over the next 10 years and is morally wrong
I'm for the Vote Jeff Flake Out Act.  Vote for @kelliwardaz!
just go get the cushy lobbying job already.  your political career is toast. #GOPe #RINO #gtfo
Thank you! 
Thank you for all your good work.
You made UR choice. We've chosen @kelliwardaz . UR are a self-serving pol. Can't play both sides. Buckle up buttercup. It's a bumpy ride.
Sure it's "doable." This whole thing was just to get money for Trump's boondoggle wall.
YOU ARE ON 3 BILLS, BFD !
Is there any consideration for Americans and American dreamers in these bills, or is focus on illegal aliens only? #enddaca #americafirst
GOP is 100% on board with importing Liberal voters. They believe in a nanny state as much as the Dems. Makes you think... 
REPEAL ACT! TAX ACT! WALL ACT! AMERICANS 1st! Then illegals!
It is,but only is paired w/REAL immigration enforcement reform,E-Verify,partial wall funding, aspects of raise act etc.
Pass the Dream Act.
Get er done
save the 800k in DACA in exch 4 25b to fund/ build the wall by Jan so we dont have same conversation about 10mil new illegals every 10 years
How abt worrying abt Americans in America u rino fraud ?
The cheap-labor lobby pay-off must be large if Jeff Flake is willing to shorten his already-doomed political career pandering to Democrats.
Fixing Obamcare was doable too.
You're a lame duck and don't even realize it.
Why don't you consider 15% corporate tax, building a wall, and healthcare?
Please do this. It just isn't fair to these great kids. Do it fast. Please get some control on WH.
UR useless @JeffFlake
I'm an AZ voter that will vote for you this fall for taking decisive action on important issues like these.
A repeal and replace of DACA? Because your track record isn't instilling any confidence.
America FIRST! Amnesty does not work. We learned that in '87. Build the wall, and give Dreamers a PATH but not handout of citizenship
Stick a fork in him - FLAKE is DONE!

We don't want those you sell out. Vote for the RAISE Act!
How much are the Zionist paying you?
i have an idea. before we endorse illegal immigration and amnesty, lets get the border under control 
#DACA #DreamAct #DefendDACA
My heathcare premium is $18k per yr with a $25k deductible for a silver plan. Why don't you work on that Flake??
The heavy lift is an immigration bill. Good luck.
How about getting tax reform done and healthcare.  U need to find a new job.  I pray AZ votes u out...
Flake does not care about the people who voted and won
Thank you Sen Flake for kicking off Kelli Wards political career, and letting us know what a crook you are in your first and only term.
In case you've forgotten,  you have more important stuff to fix 4 AMERICAN citizens ie; taxes,  healthcare, debt etc… Get on those things!
Congress can't acct on bills that help US citizens but you'll pass a dream act?  Your days in office are numbered.  Go @kelliwardaz !
We don't trust you anymore
where is your sense of urgency to help those Americans that are struggling under Obama care? Your priorities need an alignment.
Say Buh-Bye @JeffFlake you are a #RINO and #TRAITOR that suckles on the teat of #Liberals Thankfully @kelliwardaz will be more #Honest
Why don't you post about your constituents who can vote? Luckily you'll be primaried in a matter of months.
Sad that you have so much passion for illegals but as a Trump supporter I feel loathed by you.
