Repub's complained Obamacare passed with no input, where is the input now?
Do the right thing!  Do not dismantle the ACA.
you should also meet with your constituents at a #TownHall bc they also have healthcare concerns. So says this nurse. #SaveACA
oh look more executives. You're showing your priorities here and its not your constituents. #FlakeOut2018
Did you show them your government paid healthcare card? Or the yellow streak on your back for not having town halls?
did you find out why Medicare won't pay for oxygen at home? It is almost impossible to get. DO YOUR JOB!!! Healthcare for All
Might want to meet with their patients for a change. They are the ones you really work for.
give me a break one term Flake
what's the takeaway from this meeting
showing your true colors. Those smiles look like dollar signs. Face your constituents & give them answers! People b4 profits!
In addition to all the Town Hall requests & Save HCA responses, plurals are not formed with apostrophes. #ItAllMatters
When is your next public meeting. How much do we have to pay your campaign to actually get to talk to you?
Most health-care folks think Trumpcare is a disaster, SAD
Vote NO on Trumpcare.
About?  Decided?  More than p.r. pictures, please.  Did they say how much $ trashing ACA will cost them?
@SenJohnMcCain You two would seriously use @GabbyGiffords as an excuse??? So pathetic!! No gun control? NO FEAR. TOWN HALLS NOW!!
How many Arizonans will lose coverage under Trumpcare/Flakecare?
You SHOULD be meeting w/ constituents to hear their concerns instead of roomful of healthcare fat cats and their profit margins
YOU DONT GIVE A CRAP ABOUT AZ.FLAKE OUT 2018
I hope you talked to executives of hospitals in rural Arizona who would be absolutely gutted by an ACA/Medicaid/Medicare repeal.
I work at a rural hospital.... Jeff Flake doesn't give a crap about rural hospitals. I know because work at one
Now that our citizens have understood and rejected via mils of calls & Lttrs rich mans' AHCA let's start on Medicare for all.
Saw your TV ad "Repeal and Replace" - you failed to mention the greedy for-profit insurance co.s causing the problems.
Congrats on maintaing top level hate & betrayal to your consituents this week. Some @GOP can't hold party above voters like you .
So you can meet with Hospital Exec.  but not voters?  Why are they more important than us?  @abc15 @CBS5AZ @IndivisibleofAZ
constituents would also like to meet with you.
Ask them if they want the 700,000 Arizonans who got health insurance through Obamacare if suddenly they want no-comp ER visits.
how about your real constituency
What did the execs tell you?
I would like to meet some who has Obamacare. Everyone I know that would to get it can't afford it. Obamacare is the problem!
The ACA instituted good changes for everyone-no lifetime cap, ban on pre-existing condition denials, etc. Lets keep those.
You'll meet with execs but not constituents?
Great healthcare meeting. So sad so many Arizonans to lose coverage with repeal of ACA.
2018 is coming and you will be burnt toast. Hope these fluff tweets of yours are a comfort to you then.  
Grateful I had ACA bc if I didnt dealing w/my cancer wuld have bankrupted me. Not perfect but it worked.Dont rm it-Improve it!
when will thou meet with your constituents tho talk about health care, education, security, etc?
I'd like to attend one of your town halls. Can you post the schedule? Here is fine. Or FB. Or your website. Or your blast emails.
- Gabby Giffords has more courage in her little finger than you ever will in your lifetime. Worthless Flake.
- I will work tirelessly against your re-election. As an ethical & moral human, I have no choice.
#FlakeOut2018 #searchforflake2
The health care you and @SenJohnMcCain are going to snatch away from Arizonans? How about discussing it with them at a town hall?
$$$$$ over lives.  When will you talk to constituents who you are taking healthcare from?  #outin2018
I thought you were too busy working in DC to meet with constituents. Since I see you are freed up, when is your town hall?
Do you ever meet with #nonwhite people?
Great...hospital execs?  You make time for them but not us - your constituents? Sad.
you would be better off meeting with insurance agents, and everyday people.  The Hospital execs keep creating the problems.
Glad MIHS was represented. We are the safety net for Maricopa and any changes to ACA will have enormous impact on our clientele
In AZ 130000 kids will lose coverage if #ACA is repealed. You need to meet w/ concerned families not execs trying to pad wallets.
when is your Tucson town hall?
So hypocritical on so many levels. Is there even any hope left for you to be a decent person & representative?
How about meeting with constituents about our healthcare?
But you won't meet with voters?
Any town halls on your agenda today ??????
glad you had time for that. When are you meeting with constituents?
.@JeffFlake Yeah, but no #townhallmeeting for your fellow AZ voters. What about us?
didn't meet with your constituents to discuss their healthcare did ya? Who's side are you on? Wait, I know, the ones who donate.
All white faces. Im betting all GOP members too. Good for you Flaky.
You are doing a fine job Senator Flake. You have my full support.
wish you would meet with the citizens in your state. Why no town hall meeting?
please also discuss healthcare needs with PROVIDERS (MD, RN, support pl) who all want ACA protected. I am your constituent #2018
we all vote in 2018 when can vote a FLAKE out
did you lie to them as you had us?
you should respond or become a democrat
It'd be nice if you would talk to the ordinary citizens of Arizona about this.
Hopefully they were able to convince you how beneficial the ACA is & repealing it will put the lives of many voters in peril.#ACA
WTF?! U meet with them but not w/ur constituents who r going to potentially lose healthcare w/repeal ACA?U will lose ur job!
you should be talking to patients.
When will you be meeting with your constituents?
Please don't mess with our healthcare. Obamacare is fine. Think about improving it instead.
I seeso, so corporate exeutives are people, but the average voter isn't. Got it.
now go talk to those on the front lines (nurses, doctors, and patients)
I had AFFORDABLE care insurance until the UNAFFORDABLE Care Act passed. I cant afford to go to the doctor any longer! Fix it now!
Why not meet with the people? More concerned with profits for execs? Do your real job.
His job is to repeal & replace the mess called Obamacare! Unaffordable, deductible to high, NO DOCTORS!
whatever shape the new healthcare plan takes all government employees should be the first enrolled.
Save ACA.
President Trump and Senator Flake worked together to disrupt our healthcare system.
Obama & Democrats ruined the healthcare system in this country. I can't afford the UNAFFORDABLE Care Insurance!
The repeal of ACA is promoted by President Trump and supported by Senator Flake.
let's meet with your constituents now instead of execs.
Would you mind elaborating? Where is the plan? Or does it get to be a surprise again?
except you are too afraid to meet with your constituents!
.@JeffFlake is a Pay to Play politician ignoring his constituents.
Did you tell them you don't need their services since you have socialized healthcare paid for by your constituents?
Did they think it was great, or are you just self-congratulating again?
Did you talk about immigrant doctors, researchers, nurses that can be now harassed or denied visas at the border?
How about a great meeting with your constituents?
Maybe you should actually meet with your constituents to talk to them about healthcare?
c'mon jeff!  how much?  How much for your constituents to buy your attention?  give me a price.  how much does your vote cost?
Great to see, now can you meet with your constituents to talk about the repeal of the ACA? #FlakeOut2018
I hope they explained that repealing ACA means uncollectible debts, laid off employees, closed hospitals.
before you mess with my healthcare, let's review your less expensive, more comprehensive plan for me & my family
Great news! Too far for me, but please share new site to collect ACA stories http://30millionlike.me 
the best thing you can do for Healthcare is talk to your constituents about their concerns regarding the repeal of the ACA.
And I hope they told you that your HSA proposal is not going to cut it.
Did you discuss the GOP plan to gut Medicaid?:
Now you're just rubbing it in our faces. Who do we have to be to meet you?
When will you meet with constituents who are going to potentially lose healthcare with the rush to repeal ACA?
I prefer to go with traitor. He will be dealt with like a traitor in his next election. #2018nowwillyoulisten
