Vote for #Gorsuch & voters will remember you supported #Fascism which he admitted to & record confirms this!
#Gorsuch admitted he was a #Fascist in college rulings since favor corporate control at expense of majority! http://zacherydtaylor.blogspot.com/2017/02/propaganda-campaign-for-fascism-in.html … 
I updated the article to include a reference to the Snopes article but his track record is more important than existence of the club or joke
@SenJohnMcCain I sincerely hope Gorsuch is filibustered. That #SCOTUS seat belongs to #MerrickGarland
Sorry,  elections come with consequences.
grow a set and vote against comrade trumps choice for the supreme court.
he absolutely should. Vote NO
.@JeffFlake @SenateGOP @azcentral #WhereareOurPatriots #IndependentCommission #SpecialProsecutor #NoGorsuchVote until findings released.
Supreme Ct apptmt MUST be held up until Russian mess is resolved.Gorsuch avoidance of questions in hearings is enough reason for a NO vote.
well he has already gotten the consideration that you were too much of a coward to give Garland.

are you suggesdtsin Scalia died on purpose so Obama could replace him?
Yeah, right.
Either that or you just shared a video without understanding its contents or context.
Perhaps this video would be more to your liking:
https://youtu.be/tkRZVE3aDm8 
Not a fan of tin foil hat foolishness.
what about your filibuster? Was that different cause it was you?
how about Garland? He was blocked for a year! He should be the one on the Supreme Court. I listened to Gorsuch.. no
.@JeffFlake @azcentral There were THREE nominations. Too soon to rewrite history. #werememberGarland
you may have heard of a guy named Garland?
@SenJohnMcCain Yes, Gorsuch SHOULD absolutely be filibustered! Not one single Trump crony should have been confirmed! #Trumprussia #sedition
yes he should! If you would vote no they would not have to
you are wrong and the voters responding here are correct- Merrick Garland deserves a hearing
please say no to Gorsuch.
This is a pile of crap. The nominee should be on hold while @POTUS is investigated. #deflake2018
so desperate for a republican "win" you'll support Gorsuch no matter his rulings and then refuse to face constituents
We, the voters of Arizona, will gut you like a fish come your election time
Merrick Garland is still waiting.
Read your op-ed.  Eloquently stated. Thank you for supporting Judge Gorsuch. His impartiality is just what U.S. needs.
yes, he should be filibustered! That SCOTUS appointment belongs to Garland!!
So...this new friend of yours is going to do away with the 9th circuit?  Dream on or be replaced! Elections work!
Please don't insult us by writing that Obama did not have a 3rd nom. to the SCt. Your lie shouldn't be published.
This administration is corrupt. Do you really want to be party to that?
please support Gorsuch with a Yes vote!

wasn't ur son involved in the murders of the #Gilbert23. Where he shoved those dogs in a cramped room w no air 1/
on a very hot day n they died a horrible death. Families who trusted ur son 2 to take care of their fur babies. 2/
and he didn't give a shit n lied about the way they died n dumped some in front of house when fam came 2 pick up. 3/
n u have the nerve 2 write about a SCOTUS pick when they at 1st let ur son go because he was ur son. 4/
u need 2 recuse urself from anything pertaining 2 law. #FilibusterGorsuch.
@TheGilbert23Mom @JeffFlake @azcentral Why wasn't son charged wth murder of dogs.I've watched his callous behaviour on video
Do you remember Obama's third Supreme Court nomination? #karma #garland
he must be filibustered or vote postponed until Russian hacking scandal cleared up.
#2018 I will do everything in my power to make sure you are not reelected.  #shameonyou #greed #resist
you conveniently forgot M Garland and how GOP did not do their job and meet with him...at all!  Revisionist history!
Were you drunk for all of 2016?
remember Garland? Do not fall to the disease of #alternativefacts
Sen.Flake-you are often principled. Be so now. Garland got hosed. WE deserve to vet, protest Gorsuch thank you.
I do NOT support Gorsuch or the nuclear option. We're watching you. Listen to us. We will remember. #Resist
10 million in dark money and you want this guy on the Supreme Court... What are you thinking? Gorsuch will destroy democracy!
The "Frozen Trucker" dissent shows that Judge Gorsuch is no friend of the working person. Cold and out of touch.
3 nominees. You're stupid or a liar. I'll let you choose.
how are you splitting the ten million in dark money?
no consideration of T's pic until Garland gets a vote and a special prosecutor is appointed and clears T of treason
dude... enuff alrdy. You sound like Wallce on the steps of U of AL...self righteous, indignant and self important.
Return required vote margin to pre-Soros-Obama-Reid, as it should be.
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland.
There are 2 many questions re: Trump/Russia u were willing to stop HRC while she was investigated, the same must apply to DJT.
sir I disagree with Gorsuch on so many issues. He's against civil rights, workers rights womens rights. How can you support him?
if our government needs to be overhauled don't u think it shld be done by ppl who were elected & know abt government?
Never Never.!!!!.. You never gave an upstanding honest President choose a justice to be nominated... Obscene....
more Flake BS
You have a selective memory when it comes to Obama's nominees. He had three. Merrick Garland wasn't given a chance.
Gorsuch is unacceptable to most Democrats is why there should
think you forgot one little detail.
You can't erase history that easily.
when Russian investigation is complete we can THEN have a discussion about whether filibuster is appropriate.
For such is a blatant attempt to politicize the courts. BAD. VOTE NO. #iamtucsonvoter
Gorsuch is an activist, by his own writings.  We do not need another textualist on the court.  OPPOSE.
Hypocrite much? For nearly a year you wouldn't even MEET with Obama's pick #MerrickGarland. F#*k all y'all.
Judge Garland
His name was Merrick Garland.
You miscounted. Obama had three nominees, and you obstructed one of them for eleven months.
THERE. WERE. THREE.
.@JeffFlake Please allow me to fix this for you... @azcentral #SupremeCourt
@roxi_dogg @JeffFlake @azcentral Well played Steve, well played
#MerrickGarland should have had a vote. #BlockGorsuch
So you're ok with the case of the frozen trucker?  Shame on you.
@SenateGOP @azcentral boo-hoo
I believe you're forgetting #MerrickGarland, who wasn't even offered the courtesy of a hearing. Delete your account.
Such dishonesty is beneath you, @JeffFlake, and an insult to your constituents. Please apologize.
President Obama's "two nominees,' Sen. Flake? What about the third? @azcentral should be ashamed of publishing such a dishonest op-ed.
No. Even putting aside egregious GOP behavior re Garland, while Trump & Co. are under invest. for ties to Russia, no.
Merrick Garland! How soon you forget.
There was a third appointment who could do the job that you refused to consider.  #MerrickGoesOnFirst
.@JeffFlake @azcentral You have SOME NERVE clutching pearls about Gorsuch given how you refused to even grant a hearing to Garland.
1+1+1=3 The math is not that hard. You should not be rewarded for theft.
#Gorsuch is corporate plutocracy, voter suppression, civil rights offenses, and war on women. Big mistake, Jeff.
Get with the times!! Tired of @GOP lies about #MerrickGarland spread by our reps and "entertainers" at @FoxNews
Why didn't you feel that way about Judge Garland???
Your op-ed is irrelevant unless it starts with a condemnation of Mitch McConnell and your fellow GOP members blocking Garland!
Give Merrick Garland a hearing and a vote and then we can talk about #Gorsuch.
Why R all R's such hypocrites.Had 6 yrs of obstruction from you all. Why shouldn't we filibuster since Trump is under federal investigation.
You have now passed the Alt-fact class in Trump University and gotten an A. Obama and his 2 Supreme Court nominees.
Unfortunately, we all now need to delete cookies, change ISPs already holding our data, use VPN's. Others suggestions?
No Gorsuch before Russia/Trump investigation. Sorry.
10 months and they've got nothing....just anonymous souces. Giveit up!
it's not just that GOP stole the seat.  It's how they stole it: majority vote loser helped by the Russians & Comey.
I think as soon as Garland receives a fair vote then Gorsuch should no longer be filibustered
you stole the seat from a sitting POTUS
Good luck getting 60 votes
But 1/3rd of Obama's nominees never even got the chance to be filibustered. AND O was not under inv for TREASON!
My op-ed outlining why Gorsuch SHOULD be filibustered:
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
when are you going to speak out against Trump?? You will lose your seat for this madness....SAD!!!
I'm concerned that you don't know how to count. It's 3 nominees, and you acted shamefully.
isn't this the guy who's son gets arrested? He's still in office?!?
you missed one - deliberate or accidentally?
Your credibility is really weakened when you pretend that Obama nominated 3, rather than 2, SC Justices. Why mislead?
.@JeffFlake Give me a break. Obama actually had 3 nominees "recognized for their ability." Merrick Garland was one. Remember him?
, are you saying @JeffFlake's lame duck proposal didn't go as far as he should have? Senator?
That Scotus seat was stolen and belongs to Merrick Garland, you know it, and we know it.
And what about the GOP treatment of Garland? You think that was right? GOP HYPOCRITE.
Hey Jeff count with me. 1, 2....What comes next? Come on, I know you can do it.
There were 3 Obama SC picks. You couldn't even be bothered to filibuster Merrick Garland
#confirmGARLAND
GOP showed a complete disregard of process and disrespect to a qualified judge.  Shame on you.  People aren't stupid.
There were 3. One of whom could not even get a hearing for the better part of a year, so spare me.
C'mon, Senator, President Obama had 3 nominees, and your party jacked the 3rd.  You're better than this.
Delusional. How did “Obama’s two Supreme Court nominees” get past the fact checkers?
you and your party stole this nomination.
I know you're busy and can lose track of what's going on, but Obama had 3 nominees. The last was treated poorly.
I think you're forgetting somebody.
Obama nominated three judges to SCOTUS.
I too have questions about obama's third pick, who became the victim unprecedented GOP obstruction.
Check your math - there were three - last one recommended by Orrin Hatch-stonewalled nonetheless
forgot #garland? You are dishonest, forgetful and unqualified.
Where is your article about Merrick Garland?
I guess revising history is easier than learning from it.
Flake off!
Obama had three (3) nominees, Senator Flake.  It's downright offensive that you're trying to erase history.
party and politics over principles, if you really believed any of this Garland would be on the court
what, you thought you could write that Obama had 2 nominees and no one would notice?
And the third nominee...?
don't lie.
Obama had 3. And its the third one that's the issue here.
Merrick Garland. The third nominee you didn't even give the benefit of a hearing. So any complaint you have is garbage
Nice but failed try to revise history in the face of reality and to miss the central argument of Gorsuch's bad policy.
Obama had THREE NOMINEES. The fact that you & your GOP colleagues pretend that isn't the case is why we're here today
This has to be one of the most bone-headed tweets I've seen in a long time.
The seat belongs to Garland. We don't and won't forget.
Garland?
he had three. You stole one remember?
Merrick Garland.   NAME RING A BELL?
Does Merrick Garland not exist to you?
Merrick. Garland. That's what be against Gorsuch is about and the GOP has no one to blame but themselves.
failing to even mention garland is incredibly dishonest, even for a politician
a tad bit hypocritical
And "We the people" don't give a shit about your opinion. You played politics with Merrick Garland's nomination.
Sen. Flake, why perpetrate such an obvious lie. Obama had three nominees, not two. Wish @azcentral would have the chops to fix.
wrong
@AppellateDaily 
>ctrl+f “Garland” 
>no results
GO KELLI!!!
He was never under FBI investigation to my knowledge either. We cannot risk lifetime appointments from a despot.
As one of your constituents+an AZ native, your blithe position on this after Garland, is rank bullshit
+1
UR approval of Gorsuch is reason enough to filibuster. Your hypocrisy is showing. You might want to tuck that back in.
I scrolled for 5 mins and still haven't found 1 person supporting you. Be worried about '18 Jeff, be very worried.
#MerrickGarland, #russiagate, Merrick Garland, russiagate...the only two reasons you need for a #filibuster
There were THREE Obama #SCOTUS nominees, asshole.  Not two. THREE. #MerrickGarland
You lost all credibility when you threw your hat in with corruption and voted for DeVos.
Well, you're wrong. No illegitimate traitor in the WH should be able to appoint anyone to a decades-long post.
You want us to confirm the nominee of a president under investigation? You are losing my good will as a constituent.
We, the People, don't give a fuck what you think, short-timer. 

#DestroyTheGOP
#UnAmerican
#StolenSeat
#BlueTsunami
2 nominees? Counting is hard... apparently? I mean, really. Either you're incredibly stupid or you think we are.
#MerrickGarland
You have a conveniently selective memory. Obama nominated THREE judges. GOP would not even grant Garland a hearing.
What's good for the goose.... He is less fit than Garland, as evidenced by the TransAm decision.
You are a liar. And a politician. But I repeat myself.
Need more fingers so you can count to 3?
Obama had three nominees, my dude.
Three words for you:  What about Garland? Hmmm....
You forget that YOU didn't even give President Obama's final pick, Merrick Garland, a CHANCE to be filibustered!
Because he, like Obama is a socialist. FYI Wikipedia-George Soros-Donations&Quotes.Also srch FB&Googl
Obama had 3 Supreme Court nominees. You are a senator. You should know this.
Shocking I'm sure
obama had THREE nominees. kinda undermines the rest of your argument. be better.
@SenateGOP @azcentral - Yes he should, until Merrick Garland is confirmed.
@SenateGOP @azcentral the filibuster must have been redefined.  I just see no votes
@SenateGOP @azcentral More like an op-ed on why you should be replaced.
do not confirm while FBI investigates POTUS. People not happy.  Looks bad for send rubber stamp
Merrick. Garland.
dems can go filibuster, GOP can go nuclear. Fair fight.
@SenateGOP @azcentral WHY WAS THE FORMER PRESIDENTS NOMINEE NOT EVEN BROUGHT TO A VOTE? The last year in office makes NO SENSE!!!
Judge G is excellent candidates. Let the dems filibuster, the nuclear option clears way for next
@SenateGOP @azcentral like little children.... get over it go to work
Gorsuch has proved he is pro company & anti workers rights in several rulings. He ids the WRONG Choice!
@SenateGOP @azcentral All we know is that president IS UNDER INVESTIGATION BY THE FBI. You have no right to appoint anyone.
Sure, #gorsuch deserves to be confirmed but @GOP don't deserve his confirmation. #DoYourJob #MerrickGarland
@SenateGOP @azcentral Jeff flake the one who voted to spy on the public?
@SenateGOP @azcentral how about that time 8 Supreme Court Justices over turned his decision.
My view why he should: #MerrickGarland @jeffflake @azcentral @senategop
The only thing the Democrats got right was the "Biden Rule." Move over Snowflakes!
@SenateGOP @azcentral GARLAND is why!
@SenateGOP senator big fan but hard to listen this when Merrill garland could not even get a hearing
@SenateGOP @azcentral Merrick Garland should have had a hearing. Uncomfortable with appointments while Trump under investigation
@SenateGOP @azcentral 
Trump's pick is Russia's pick.
@SenateGOP @azcentral this coming from a man whose last name is flake. Ha ha
At least he gets a hearing. Couldn't be bothered to #DoYourJob for Garland.
#confirmgorsuch. Please continue to support Gorusch. Such a good choice
maybe the GOP shouldn't have flat out REFUSED to even speak with Judge Merrick Garland. Can't have it both ways.
Vote no on Gorsuch. He would be a mistake as a Supreme.
he is going to be next judge,so all you sore losers can just stop your bitchin all your doing is wasting oxygen lmao
feeling more oppressed every day....can't wait for the next cycle of elections
jeff didn't Garland provide similar answers.  Oh wait....  #fraud #nointegrity
Sadly, this is a consequence of Little Snow Flakey's treasonous action re Obama/Garland.  Bye, bye in 2018 Flake.
sorry Senator but you have no leg to stand on. You should have given Garland a hearing and you didn't. shame on you
Corporations are not people. FILIBUSTER!
.@JeffFlake Aren't you up for reelection next year? Best start rethinking your strategy here. #MerrickGarland
Two words; MERRICK GARLAND.
Repub Senators like @JeffFlake asked #Gorsuch tough ?? yesterday, like "What's the largest trout you've ever caught?"
