Senator McCain has weeks to live and he uses the opportunity to stab Trump in the back.
BS,  he is a liberal
He is a RINO
You are both sell outs.  McCain is senile and you're a back stabber.  

Neither of you will get my vote EVER again. 

You both need to go.
He's only valuable to you, @LindseyGrahamSC & a few others. AZ would recall You & McCain if they legally could.
Trump is right.  You and McCain are  clowns.
Yea, he's a real maverick,(sarcasm). He's dying, so he takes it out on we, the people. #CountryBeforePetsonalities
NOT!!!!
And then you voted for the skinny healthcare bill!  There is a disconnect with trying to improving healthcare.
Give me a break!
#ASSKISSER
Hes not. Valuable to the left maybe. Not the ppl who voted him in.
Mccain is an old white wanna be sore loser that puts hatred b4 country. Hurry up RIP
.@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain Trump should sign an XO and take congress exemption from Obama care away.
ARE YOU SERIOUS??? McCain made a fool of the Whole Congress. Just to make a point that He is as good as the President. Dont see that .
Delusional
You and McCain worse thing for the country and the party. Neither of you really care what the people want. You think you know better!!
Haven't you read what the men in Hanoi Hilton say about McCain? Why did he block POW investigations?
John McCain is a bitter old grunt of a man whose personal feelings for Trump guides his political ones. his lame campaign gave us obama
I hope you both call for AZ to join Scalise's LA, your neighbor CA, WA state, and NE legislature in using non-partisan primary elections.
When you say things like this it shows how disconnected you and the GOP are from the voters
BS Juan Mcacain has his Cadillac healthcare plan 70% subsidized by very TaxPapers who can't afford healthcare after Juan Killed #ACA reform
Get serious
John McCain hurt more Americans last week than he did on the deck of the USS Forrestal.
He showed why he is so valuable alright Cancer can't take him quick enough
McCain is a turncoat... he's rubbed off on you. You back moderate liberals... then go on Meet the Press to get your glory. You're disgusting
All talk; no action.
Put your meth pipe down and step away from the computer, Flake.
McCain VALUABLE??? He voted No, millions of Americans SUFFERING with Obamacare. McCain lied to get elected. #RepealObamacare #Flakeout2018
You both need to go.
#RINO
McCain is a RINO and a turncoat to those who elected him. If you vote consistently with Dems you should be honest enough to run as one.
EASY to VOTE NO when the Congress doesnt even get the SAME Health care. You get 70% back from Taxpayers. MCCAIN just wanted to screw Trump.
I watched Gov Brewer talk about the problems in Arizona and 160% increase in Health care and MCCAIN LET EVERYONE DOWN so SAD
You both need career moves, switch to the other aisle(?) Utter failures for AZ & USA. Super CReview link w/facts
He's a RINO like you and Graham & part of the swamp. You had time to write a Trump bashing book & not repeal/rpl HC?
May your organs not burst when The Mob tramples you for being the globalist warmonger that you are and they all decide to stomp on you.
His vote was against AZ families who are suffering under ACA!  He voted against many of his voters!
The definition of a RINO is someone you can rely on least when they are needed most. The most productive thing McCain can do is to resign.
You & McCain both are a fraud. Neither of you are really Republicans. The time for honoring yourselves will soon come to an end flakey
McCain needs to retire, Thank him for his service and kick him out the door. God speed but it's to leave. Your next.
NOT
Why didn't you follow his vote?
U r not supporting President Trump's agenda, & we aren't interested in your book. Laura Ingraham is going to work 2 defeat U. 
Hope U lose.
We know who McCain's masters are. They are the wealthy resort and business owners that need the flow of illegal aliens into AZ to continue.

#NeverFlake @JeffFlake we are going to run a campaign head and shoulders above any #rinos to #MAGA 
He's more of a "Flake" than you Jeff! Both of you are more about covering your asses than doing what's right for the Country and Party.
Jeff flake is a fake .
Dont buy his book .
You both are #enemies of Arizona.  #FakeFlake will lose to @kellyward #McFlame ...well you know...
TERM LIMIT'S FOR CONGRESS!!
PENALIZED FOR ABSENT'S OF QUORUM!
PAY CUT'S! DRUG TEST' BACKGROUND CHECK'S! EXECUTIVE ORDER! Obama' loop Holes!
You and McCain are a a discrepancy Of Human Race! We voted !We Won! Our voices Were
Heard !No ILLEGALS! Build Wall ! 
Pay Cut's for CONGRESS
@SenJohnMcCain  Show's No Value To Arizona or USA  And Neither ' Are You FLAKE ! YOU ARE NOTHING TO THE VOTER'S OF OUR PRESIDENT
OBSTRUCTION
Fleeced.  People turned into “bigmouths” because you fools can’t do your job.  McCain proved once again that he is RINO swamp slime.
So you value a senator who betrays his colleagues and seven years of his own promises to the people of Arizona. Interesting.

He's a traitor, a spiteful and jealous man. He cannot stand the fact that Trump accomplished what he couldn't
The Songbird John McCain is a Traitor  Jeff Snow Flake
He's a liar and a war criminal.
And has the courage of his convictions...unlike you!!! SAD!!!
@SenJohnMcCain is a liar. He has proven it many times over the years. I do not listen to liars, it is not worth my time. #RecallMcCain
He killed the bill douche bag!
McCain fooled u Jeff. He is a Snake just like you. I am proud of president Trump .
Nothing says patriotic American like spreading Russian propaganda to damage president of your own party.
Thanks John McCain for pushing FusionGPS dossier that was pushed by Russians to damage president with fake allegations
Yeah! Thanks John McCain for scuttling Obamacare repeal! He's so valuable as a senator!
Right.. he needs to retire
Yes, McCain is valuable.  You could be valuable, too!  Country over party!
Bet @JeffFlake WAS glad He +othersCOULD vote Yes, even tho he meant NO on Repeal Obamacare, THX to valuable @SenJohnMcCain. DEMs+RINOs=Swamp
McCain is and always has been a RINO and has been a HORRIBLE Republican Senator. McCain should have been a Demorat, he's no Conservative!
valuable in keeping the SwampMonsters in business in the Swamp!
NOT!
While I lean more to the left, I must say I RESPECTyou and McCain 4 having principals under party pressure. One voice can speak volumes 
John McCain and your weak leadership has done nothing for AZ. Both should feel the pain of Americans stuck with ACA. We will remember 2018!
You Republicans are lost. You've got the majority for a reason, but you are afraid to use it. We need a Republican in your seat, not a RINO.
McCain seems not to know that there is a Republican majority. We didn't elect a Republican majority just to implement the Democrats' agenda.
Yes. And again when voted against ridiculous bill w/ no future. Read your book excerpt. 100% agree. Now put your votes where your mouth is.
Either get on the Trump Train or get out of the way. Your really pissing me off with your faux altruism. Prep your resume for 2018.
You and John are Rhinos stabbing our pres in the back. We didn't vote for your precious conservatism. We voted for nationalism/populism.
Hopefully the citizens of Arizona see that the two of you never mean what u say and will vote u out.
Amazing that your last name defines who you are as a person.
Get real
McCain @SenJohnMcCain is a useless , do-nothing, anti-HERO
He was Ted Kennedy mistress

McCain like you are rabid RINOs, liars

He's feckless and weak. You have no chance of winning your reelection in 18 by supporting him and not supporting Trump.
Jeff,
You acknowledge that DDT admin is NOT normal and GOP Moc have been silent...DO SOMETHING! Get impeachment started!!
#25thamendment
He's such a valuablePOSisn't he??Look at how he flip-flops on Unaffordable ACA!He & his 7 RINOs have NO idea what's in store for them. OUT


Seriously? He lied to the American people. He is part of the swap that we don't need!
Senator, please explain to the American people why you and your colleagues are not solving our healthcare problem. Blame no one else.
All the fake Republicans that lied to the voters, will be all primaried when the time comes. Your days are numbered and we will not forget!!
And too bad you did not follow his lead and vote no on the "skinny" repeal. SHAME!!!
Awesome!  How'd voting your conscience go for you?
You've got to be kidding.He ran on "Repeal and Replace".His days are numbered,but he goes out losing all respect,except from #Progressives.
Senator Flake missed the boat for his constituents when voting Yes where McCain said  in a big way!
@SenJohnMcCain is a no good anti- @realDonaldTrump just like you. All you care about is thwarting the Pres along with @DNC and other libs
Screw the democrats and rinos.. u r both Jeff
Kelly Ward is coming for you and ur racist family.
Jeff Flake on twitter showing his backing of a liar in mccain. July 29th 1967 mccain kills 134 Navy men and liar then and now.
He is a traitor just like you
Thank you for addressing the issues of character and moral integrity that the GOP seems to lack at the moment. #Flake StandsUp#courageous
You need to retire along with @SenJohnMcCain  - he campaigned on Repeal & Replace and then stuck it to Americans
So, why didn't you vote with him?
You are both part of the swamp and therefore part of the problem unable to appreciate the will of the people/Trump
HE IS CORRUPT AND A TRAITOR. HE IS THE SWAMP AND NEEDS TO RETIRE. ASK HIM HOW HE GOT RICH. #ARMEDSERVICESCOMMITEE
Oh god I can't wait to get rid of you
- very sad.
Jeff, How could you vote FOR the skinny repeal? Demand regular order and bipartisan answer as @SenJohnMcCain heroically said.
You n he have betrayed n disgusted the Republican Party n the citizens of this country. u support globalism that hurts US n he supports Dems

RINOs Flake and McCain need to resign. Globalist swamp monsters of the lowest order. Primary Flake now!
My wife passed away in 2013 because I couldn't afford Obamacare,and when you guys had the opportunity to repelling it you guys did nothing?
Jeff,  I disagree with a lot of your positions but 100% respect your stance in interview today. @SenCoryGardner

McCain sucks.
Surely you jest? Why did McCain vote yes and then NO? IMHO, it is more obstruction and if he had to *live* with O *care*, he would *get it*
Valuable to the left you mean.
Proves how really ignorant you are Flake....
Are you frigging kidding me? When is your term up?
Please give me a break.
Yeah ok....both of you need to get stuff done....if it's so bad then lead and fix it...turning into Schumer lite
http://www.dailywire.com/news/15801/obama-lied-people-died-mortality-rate-increases-john-nolte …

#DancingOnGraves
McCain is a disgrace & a traitor more than once. Flake goes too when you aline yourself with him. No re-election.
No.  Not even close.
I sincerely hope chemo becomes unaffordable for him just like it has all of us
HUH??? valuable? yeah if you want Democrats to succeed
McCain should have been ousted/jailed over his part in Keating 5 scandal in 1991.
You're kidding right? BWAAH Ha Ha And there it is the STUPIDEST damn thing I've ever heard. #FlakeTheFlake
No
This is a paid advertisement, right?
More like a traitor. He LIED when he campaigned against LIES of Ocare. Sickening to watch
Lying republicans who are really democrats McNasty and Flake two peas from the same pod who share the same father.
You and McCain are both sacks o' crap. The people of AZ should be embarrassed they allow either of you to represent them.
I think Sen Flake means "valuable to the Senate Democrats"
The two of you obviously shared a blunt beforehand
Tweeting  you show once again why you are useless and repugnant to the country.
@LarryKutcher
Term limits....
McCain is once again proving why we need term limits...
Valuable???? Pls tell me why?  Tell the American ppl who wanted Obamacare repealed and he promised....then votes no.
You on the other hand? Not so much. Hopefully we can help you OUT of that seat.
Too bad you didn't follow his lead!
#Shame
Now show us Arizonans you are just as classy. You have NOT to date. Obama care   It works
Too bad you aren't
Yes. Good thing he has good health insurance. So it should be for us all.
Vote "no" on the healthcare bill.
He's valuable enough to have full tax payer funded healthcare and fast threaten hard working Americans with losing it. Nothing heroic here
And you just voted the opposite of him. Disgusting.
History and we the voters in AZ Will remember this. You folks will not be listed under courageous, integrity, or principled. Congrats
No.
Don't forget so valuable to Trump
Actions speak louder than words. We saw what he did. Elections matter. And so do votes.
2/2 ... I almost started to think Republicans were finding their integrity again, but you still went and voted for such a horrible bill. SAD
Except he (and you as well) voted for the bill-- what hypocrites you are, especially after his rowing speech. 1/2
.In Congress,vote is what matters.NOT words.@JeffFlake voted 95%  & @SenJohnMcCain 90% or more w/@realDonaldTrump
If only people could pay hospital bills with floor speeches.
McCain: "Senators work for the PEOPLE." But YOU arrogantly laughed when a constituent said this in your town hall? #GOP @DesertDissenter
An example of #JeffFlake not taking McCain's advice & working for #Arizonans. You're no McCain. You're a #GOP Flake.
Yes. Words matter.  I only wish his words match his vote.
And yet you both voted yes. Not ok.
Meh... All words, no actions...
Or not
only if he votes against the health care bill....
1 repeal AHCA 2 merge 401k(ect) & health care savings acnts 3 get ins Co  to offer catastrophic health care policy
Not so valuable, lost all credibility with his vote. Not a hero anymore but a zero like you
When you say valuable? Do you mean how much us taxpayers paid for him to fly back to DC, how much his cancer is going to cost us?
