Our corporations are making record profits. CEO pay is through the roof. The financial class is raking it it. Not enough is 'trickling down'
Infrastructure in the US is awful, we don't guarantee health care like all our global competitors, and you think the answer is lower taxes?
Corporations offshore wealth and manufact., use loopholes to avoid taxation. You're complicit in that now, yet you want to give them MORE?
OH YES, let us lower the BILLIONAIRES taxes and keep the burden on the backs of the working poor!
Yea because it's the successful that have been holding you back.
Amazing that some people believe more money in their pocket and less in the governments is a bad thing. These are society's leeches.
Tax REFORM???  Tax collection and turn around and give the vast majority of it to the rich. Rob from the poor, give to the rich.
Trump wouldn't want #taxreform unless it helped the top 1%. And anything that widens the gap between the 99% and the 1% is BAD for the USA
Cant wait till your gone! Vote kelli ward
Oh, do you mean like we've done in AZ, and have no money to pay for decent education or mental health services.  Genius idea Jeff.
Taking money from poor to give to ultra wealth Trump family
Corporations are sitting on trillions. How is giving them even more going to help? They already pay one of the lowest rates globally Explain
It will trickle down, like piss in a stream.
I bet when your son got in trouble w/the dogs dying under his care your answer to the problem was "tax cuts." Your answer's always a tax cut
And you know it. What I can't figure out is how you sleep at night...

How about my families personal federal income tax rate too?!
Bullshit. So the rich can get richer???

I can always tell who the bums are that have nothing. They go after the "rich" because its easier to blame then make something of yourself
Meet the most dangerous animal in America. The RINO. Soon to be extinct.
Sure, give big breaks to corps and wealthy, the middle class loves to pay more!!!!lol
Not on the backs of the middle class, you won't, Senator!
I see, working for a benefit package for corporate interests is ok but healthcare benefits for all citizens isn’t.
Oh yes, by all means let's give tax cuts to corporations  You are clueless as to what Americans want & need because you don't listen.
The new tax proposal is no good
Where are the women, or as your colleagues call them, "eye candy"?
Wow thanks for couple bucks u saved me. That really helps me buy some extra groceries this year
Lower corp taxes? Ok. But broaden the tax base to lower nat'l debt. If the goal is to be revenue neutral, you've failed.
Why can't you people get anything done??
Better get that corp. tax number right , otherwise you lose whatever revenue portion that was in place, i.e. increase in deficit.
How do people make billions of dollars running a non-profit & charities?
#NoFlake2018
Fake Jeff Flake. Poor neocon snake oil salesman.
Complete globally while the middle class is SCREWED!!!
This new reform also raises taxes on the lowest income class from 10 to 12%.
Are they for real?  Why do wealthy get a tax break and others have  to make up the lost revenue!!!!
The effective corporate tax rate is already about 18% due to all the loopholes.  Close the loopholes or the new 20% will be a disaster.
Vote for KELLI WARD! Your a clown, couldn't even get health care done. Your an embarrassment to Arizona.
Really, is it really about the Corporations?  That doesn't guarantee economic growth-higher wages..& what about Estate tax-good for the rich
I can guarantee you money saved will go to automation and to line fat cat's pockets. We'll compete globally for greatest wealth imbalance.
Remember that time when the US just made the best stuff instead of the most cheap stuff? What happened to that?
Trickle up works better. Take care of the middle class and we'll all do better.
Ur on par with the Cleveland browns
This is why ur rating are in the garbage
Next thing ur going to say is military needs to compete globally. Even though our military is double the size and power of any other country
Compete with who? globally we already have the lowest corporate taxes
More billshit lies, Jeff.
Lies lies and more lies @JeffFlake 'S pants are on now. #azblue2018senate
If 'we' are American people, to compete globally, we need to invest in people. If 'we' are corporation, why do Arizonans need you?
What planet are you on?
Trump wants a win. It's been 9 months of defeat after defeat for the Pumpkinführer, so GOP is hard at work to cheat and deliver.
The US already has a preferential corporate tax rate when compared to other developed nations. GOP is utterly corrupt!
GOP tax reform is all about giving tax breaks to the least deserving, those who employ lawyers and accountants to cheat tax system big time.
You already promised your vote for Tax Reform, long before you got "excited to review" its framework... Pitiful.
Give it up. Trump does not like you
Repeal of estate tax is wrong it only helps the ultra rich and we spiral deeper into debt
Call it what it is- tax breaks, cuts, and profits for the wealthy.  Tax reform would help the poor and middle classes.
Not at the expense of the middle and lower tax brackets. Mid tax brackets have NOTHING more to give-we fund EVERTHING!!!!!
I listened to the overview Pres. Trump provided while in Indiana and it sounded like he has the people's interests in mind. Time to do same.
So... What are you gonna do in 2019? You know, after this whole "Senate" thing is over...
More party BS from Jeffy. Although base corp tax rate may be high the actual rate corps pay is either zero or close to it.
10% corporate tax on gross revenues. No deductions. None. Stop investment and social engineering schemes in the code. Want a war? Add 5%.
We must also expand the tax base if we hope to reduce the debt while paying for infrastructure projects. A tax cut alone won't "cut it".
Hmm "the Flake won't go along with POTUS.  That speaks volumes.  His numbers are soo bad that he is  changing his tune
Will you be a traitor with this too?
Seriously, they barely pay anything now. Way to put the burden on the American people
Wrong-Supply needs demand Demand can only increase if larger population segment have lower taxes not corporations
Really @JeffFlake ??? No..... we should be taxing them at highest rate possible!!!
You must be on egg shells with last nights Alabama results. Looks like mainstream republican incumbents are going to have a tough go of it!
@GOP Establishment FAILED us on Healthcare - is tax reform the next @SenateGOP FAILURE?? @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @GOPChairwoman @POTUS
I'm excited for midterm elections because I would like a Senator that isn't defective.
Consider a 1% across the board tax rate with no loopholes and no deductions.
Puerto Rico!!!!!!!!!!
What about us retirees on fixed incomes? Don’t we count?
We must lower govt spending, too.
We don't believe you!
U could not influence hanoijohn.  Blocking
Do you folks just not care about the middle class?  #TaxReform my ass. More like the #RichGetRicher
You know the difference between the statutory rate and what they actually pay correct?
Better start looking for another job. You're Fired!!
A real Party man! All this hurricane devastation to pay for n you guys want tax cuts! R slogan shd be Hares my card, CHARGE!!
Don't forget about the middle class Senator the corporations are making record profits...
Yes, those poor corporations are really hurting.
Total BS. Corp America fails to acknowledge the safe environment, stable infrastructure and educated work force the USA has BECAUSE taxes.
Clearly not a free thinker... or student of history OR economics. Go read a book. #trickledowndoesNOTwork
We think Puerto Rico needs help first. NOW. ;)You helped Texas and Florida right away. Now it's time to help Puerto Rico. Please.
We are unhappy with your tax Reform plan. We don't want this one. Figure something else out.
Please keep in mind a corporate tax cut has never created a job. And it does not seem to get rid of those tax breaks for developers/realtors
Lay with dogs, get up with fleas.
C'mon Senator Flake, American needs an upstanding blue dog to get us rolling again.
You are not trustworthy.
I'm excited that you have decided to stop trying to take away my healthcare (for now). Good luck in 2018, you'll need it.
Focus on Puerto Rico. Also, why are no women there?
Um, no. Our corporate tax rate is not out of line with other countries.
Reverse Robin hood
So glad to see you deny reality harder when it smacks you. What makes you think this rhetoric helps your ratings? That's over.
Better get McCain to side with you, better yet get him to take a knee and get out of the senate! Arizona doesn't need the traitor anymore!
Yeah so you can make the little guy pay more. Corporations aren't hurting, if the are pay CEOs less. #screwthelittlepeopleagain
Show us Trumps tax returns first.
For fuck's sake, Jeff.  Are you going to be on the right side of ANYTHING?  Corporations don't need a tax break, the low and middle class do
Bs. They are sitting on mounds of $$$ now.
That's sell-out talk worthy of Trump.
You are an absolute embarassment to the state of Arizona. Please be gracious and choose not to run for re-election. You are a waste to us.
No no no. If cost-benefit of doing business in US isn't in their favor let them go. We need to reduce the income & wealth inequality gaps.
Have you forgotten you are a failure?  so lets see how this goes
AZ voter here.  if you vote to repeal inheritance I will vote to replace you
Sure
To pretend you back POTUS now is to late, your time is up dude!
Nope
You're a mess. lmao 
Spoiler alert. It feeds the rich and screws the middle and lower income tax payers
How will we pay for disaster relief.  Our debt is going to sky rocket!
Hey Mr Senator, our real taxes are low.
I'm not opposed to tax reform, I'm opposed to someone who refused to provide their taxes leading the charge.
Uh no, there are too many way for them to abuse it and historical data shows the save $ goes into the CEOs and leaders pockets
The so-called president is hiding something terrible or he'd show his tax returns. Until he does - you're all suspect.
How about you constituents
GE paid zero. How will you fix it so they pay taxes? Release 45’s taxes! Corrupt administration!
For an intelligent guy you are saying dumb things. 45 MUST release tax returns. He is CORRUPT and will ruin country for personal gain . 
Corporate taxes should be raised like other countries. Why not equal % for all with NO deductions for anyone? Equal means equal for all!
We would all get to keep more except the top % earners since they use deductions to pay fewer % taxes than our poorest.  SMH- that is why!
And it is my guess that is why you and the other GOP rich white males are so excited about this bill. More money 4 you and the likes of you.
You seem like a decent guy, but you really are wrong about so much.  Corporations are doing just fine.
Doing his master's bidding
Anything to help the rich! Keep this up and you will lose your job.
Are the Koch Brothers' hands moving your mouth?
Wow, you must *really* be shaking in your boots after what happened in AL.  The Swamp is being drained.
Have the Koch Bros put your feet to the fire? Are the Koch Bros still letting you feed off their campaign donation teat?
Based on where our tax rate is now and how businesses are doing, we are not having any problem competing globally. Why not pay down the debt
Trump would benefit from lower corporate rate if LLCs and Scorps get pass through w/o paying themselves W-2 income & dividends
#MedicareForAll
Raise the minimum wage
This is CORPORATE WELFARE @ cost of $2600  per tax payer vs actual welfare which is $46.  Stop subsidizing greed!
Bullpucky. The corporate tax rates are comparable to our trading partners.

#Resist               #TrumpTaxScam
Will your donors be providing the details directly to Americans or will you pretend it was your handy work? Will ALEC let you be involved?
Wow, I can't believe the GOP got 9 WHOLE pages done in just 9 months. What an accomplishment. Now just need to fill in the pesky details
Some corporations don't even pay taxes! Again you just want them to pay you!
The country is on to you, lying sack of #GOP garbage! Prob not going to be easy!
Congratulations. Republicans have only had 8 years to prepare a comprehensive #TaxReform plan so hoping it will do better than healthcare.
@nytimes @paulkrugman - have corporate tax rate for Sub-S and LLCs but then tax distributions to owners as W-2 or as a dividend taxable
The only fox news that's believable:
I dont think you have read anything thus far. You are too busy kissing Donalds a$$ #russianGOP
How about do something to help Puerto Rico,for God's sake?
Corporate tax rate is a fraud. You damn well know that none of the large multinationals pay anywhere near 35%. Some already pay 0.
What odorous BS. Flies don't even wanna go near.
Go pretend you're a Lord. I'm not your Serf.
Too many of us fedup being your gang's fodder.
cut Medicare social security Medicaid giving u&ur buddies tax breaks while slamming the middle class. Sad just so sad u thinkWErNotWatching
Screw the poor again huh Jeff?  Raise their tax rate and cut corporate.  You're batting 0 for 3 Mr Flake.
Please study Kansas’s failed tax experiment. 60 gop legislators lost their jobs to moderates who put taxes back in to save the state.
Me Flake, truly you are a failure to the people of Arizona.
How about lowering the obnoxious taxes on the middle class??!!
I agree with you. Tax reform as outline by Trump will be good for hard working Americans.  Get it done
What tax cuts are you giving to the middle class?!?
Ask Kansans whether slashing taxes turbocharged their economy. Trickle down--same fantasy Repubs have been lying about for decades.
We sure haven’t got anything out of the tax increases obama gave us.
Next we can drive out unions and abolish minimum wages to lower wages. How else can we compete? Pesky taxes & workers!
Today would be a good day for @POTUS to release his tax returns so we can get a good feel for who really benefits.
Let it go. Old fake news. Not the issue. McCains traitorous actions against Arizona and America are the issues.
What kind of tax break does the trumpster get?
No
Corporations have RECORD PROFITS & CASH FLOW.

Why aren't wages higher? Why r 78% of Americans living paycheck to paycheck?

I'm waiting...
Corporate profits provide capital for additional investments or shareholder dividends.  When it goes to shareholders it gets taxed again.
Corporations sitting on record levels of cash. CASH FLOW IS NOT AN ISSUE, & it certainly isn't Issue at expense of cutting social programs.
Nope! You're playing games, and it ain't gonna work
That's a crock of .... and you know it. Corporations are making record profits.
What about Puerto Rico?
But our corporate tax rate is already one of the lowest in the world Jeff
Wrong.  It is one of the highest
Too little too late Junior Brutus twin. Kelli Ward 2018
It's ok Jeff, Republicans got this.
Close those loopholes while you are at it that only the very wealthy can take advantage of incl bankruptcy laws.
You're a fraud and I hope you lose your job.
They only pay 20% now even if the corporate tax is 35%. So basically this means nothing!
Funny how you start saying the right thingS with @kelliwardaz looking over your shoulder...too little, too late! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
US tax burden at 33% of GDP is one of the lowest among OECD countries. What are you going compete with?!
1st it was Luther... You're next.
go away! You fraud
And raise it on the poorest Americans? Trickle down is bullshit.
You will be beat in the primary #RINO #MAGA
You're wrong.
And he's lying his arse off!
Lower the tax rate, WTF? What about the 20 trillion dollars in debt you always use to vote against any programs that actually help people?
The tax cuts for the rich will actually increase taxes on the poor and add 4 trillion to deficit. But Trump crime family get richer so yea!
How about estate tax and AMT repeal?
Why?
Ready to run as an independent 2018?
