Are you guys serious? How about Trump's weekend golfing? How about Melania refusing to live in the WH?
Stop threatening her life then &don't EVEN bring up golfing, after Obama. You think he's loafing when he  w/D.C.? The man never sleeps.

Wanna talk about waste? Let's examine PussyPrez' exorbitant expenses at Mar-a-Lago where all profits go into his pants.
Oh, FFS, you are not funny. Stay away from comedy.
Ha! DO quit your day job.
One of the worst forms of government waste is your beautiful health care plan, at the expense of the American people.

wtf?
please put that stupid wall on government waste list. And Melania staying at Trump Tower. Muslim ban cost to tourism!
How about starting with Trump Tower costs and Mar a Lago every weekend?????
YAAASS! These two are a waste of tax payer money too, can't wait to vote in 2018 AZ, #Thanks4NothingFlake
How  about tax dollars in Florida every weekend for 45's hedonistic lifestyle?
.using their platforms to push their personal agenda vs serving the people like they promised! U SCREW IT UP 4 everyone
hmm tax payers aren't getting much out of your leadership. So like...why u not on the #SourSixteen list??
BASKETBALL? SERIOUSLY ROOKIE?
Is the #trumprussia insanity what you wanted for your children, for your grandchildren?
Kind of childish to call it Obamacare in your debates, and not the ACA. Also stupid since your bill is horrific.

Trump has already cost the US travel industry $185m in lost revenue. #TrumpSlump 
Top of the list, senators who don't meet with constutients but hide behind phone town hall. On "mute"
The Grover Norquist quote in your weekly email re cost of earmarks is "fake"-contrary to evidence. My zip code: 85018
Attacking scientific research and health care while funding the useless F-35 and huge military budget shows poor values
glad to see focus on these spending issues, but right now, more urgent where are you on Republican Healthcare Bill???
Then we'll vote Democrat if and when you are the candidate. You never had a mandate in So. AZ. Remember Arpaio? U next
We are on Social Security, but still We'll donate 20% of our income and march to unseat you Jeff.
Cut Trump's golf $$. Climate health is vital. Research grows economy. So does education. Wake up. Fund science and ed!
what a pair of bobbleheads.Trump has exploded the deficit. What a joke. EPA,Food inspection all due to be cut by GOP
Everything's a joke w/ you two
stop the bball allusion - stick w/ Pokemon if you can't do more substantive work than PR "golden fleece" awards. WORK!
how can you focus on issues without knowing where your constituents stand. Where is town hall meeting?
Then we'll register Tea Party Republican to stop you in the primaries.
You two s are the Prime example of why we got stuck with that maniac, people are sick of the politicians ...
, you two are party whores!! You don't give a , Fix it Dam it, Don't repeal it! You need to pick people over party!
What a couple of negative condescending short sighted twits!  Your run is over. #trumpcare #Trumprussia #votehimout #payatthepolls
You as our senators, secret service for all Trump adult kids&NY home.All health care for congress.
how about instead of dicking around w this, you take a look @ how @realdonaldtrump is violating the emoluments clause
Waste? Waste? Mar-a-lago every weekend? NY Tower with Melania and Barron? Golfing constantly.  When do you folks work?
good work & keep it up!  We will get a Bloat Knife Award ready for@RandPaul at #AZFB stop already #19Trillion&counting
Why did you cosponsor a Res to overturn privacy rules and allow websites to sell private browsing information? Money
put your money where your mouth is and CANCEL your med.ins WE pay 4& join this joke!Hypocrites,lot of you!
If we can identify why people are afraid of dentists, we can combat it, & then improve coverage. Which saves money.
Forgot to add: My god, you’re short-sighted.
you won't be getting my vote in 2018. 85286.
total cost of your board: $13,873,802. Or 16 minutes, 27 seconds of US Debt interest. You both are a joke.
While you are at it, please make sure that my ID doesn't get stolen.
Do you #JeffFlake really listen to your constituents? Oh. Only the rich ones in Scottsdale area!
you and your club are just as pathetic as the D club. Get a real job
Let's stop paying for government subsidies Healthcare for Senators, let them buy on the open market like the rest of us
I am a constituent. This just makes me more determined to work tirelessly to ensure you don't get re-elected.
there's a storm coming in 2018. Get your resume updated.
I vote for eliminating your govt healthcare for life and your defined-benefit pensions because you are hypocrites.
why are we voting on govt waste?Fix it!  Isn't that your job?Start with Trumps golf outings &security at trump tower.
Sad.
U mean like Benghazi investigations, shutdown of govt by GOP a few years back, the free Healthcare all of you receive?
cannot wait for 2018 to vote you out for all the money you waist in Arizona signed your constituent at 85029
Also count my vote out for your constituent of 85051
I'm glad U found that waste, but Ur unprofessional passive aggressive comments R uncalled for,U R ALSO a waste of Tax 
I assume based on past evidence that this waste is just as wrong as your votes in support of the cabinet idiots!
So you actually want voter input? Can you do a surveys for AHCA, Tax reform, EPA reform, Education reform, 9th circuit?
My number one seeds would be your paychecks. #soursixteen
hey good job on working to strip millions of Americans of their health care. You are a real hero.
Jeff makes me sick!, no balls! Be a man, an honorable one like @SenJohnMcCain, Paul is a circus monkey
