And free speech is still free in US! I will defend the right to it and you should too. Which way is the wind blowing in your neighborhood
If only you were a member of some sort of legal body with the ability to do something about it.
He can't even mention Trump by name. He needs 2 take some lessons in courage from his counterpart in AZ who at least mentioned Trump by name
They are all chicken shits. Talk talk talk then when it comes time to vote, they just go along with their dear leader. #FlipCongress2018
You must be referring to the 2010 ObamaCare vote. Voting for dear leader without reading the bill
They deliberated and debated for months over Obamacare. You must be a white supremacist tryna change history to make y'all out to be victims
Obama stunk as a president...worst ever.   Obamacare is a disaster and nothing more than more political giveaways in exchange for votes.
That's your opinion and you're in the minority. All data re ACA contradicts your "disaster" opinion and if shared by GOP why not improve it?
That's your liberal BS.  It is a disaster.  Obamacare is increasing cost on hard-working Americans & ins companies are pulling out.  FACT!
Sounds like some virtue signaling to me....look at you, aren't you so virtuous!
As a Republican I am asking you to start impeachment.
House impeachs, Senate judges. Flake would be on the judge side.
It's been done. Move along. Period.
Then why are you still accepting the biggest proponent of white supremacy as your President? Just no balls?......  or......
Condem Black Lives Matter, Black P Stone Ranges, Aptiva or whatever hate groups. Stop focusing on White !
OUR PRESIDENT already condemned WHITE SUPREMACY AND HAS DONE SO FOR YEARS.  You're just echoing is sentiments; try being original.
ANTIFA Chants "No Trump, No Wall, No USA At All!" (VIDEO)
twitter ^
Trump did that or can't you read and understand English.
ANTIFA IS A DOMESTIC TERRORIST GROUP
great words but actions speak louder. What r U & the @SenateGOP going 2 do abt the Nazi that sits n the oval office @WhiteHouse?
Correction:3 nazis in WH
4 that we know of #Trump #Gorka #Bannon #Miller
You're a jerk, support a liar (mccant) & should not run! I & friends WILL financially support your opponent! STOP DEFYING DJT & his voters!
Antifa is a vigilante group.  They are not protesting they are engaging! That's not cool either!!!
I didn't know violence was an acceptable response to highly unpopular speech now.  Thanks for clearing that up for us.  "Release the Kraken"
Yes, Jeff. Impeach the President who defends and encourages Nazis. Otherwise, you are on their team & all your conscience talk is bullshit.
Remove Democrats for defending violent communists and terrorists.
The head of the Party of Lincoln just defended the Confederacy..and this is now the @GOP
Let's be very clear Senator, the Confederacy was built/based on "White Supremacy"...Read the secessionist papers..
The Republican Party was organized as the "Anti-Slavery" Party, yet the head of Your Party just defended the defenders of Slavery & traitors
Actually he didn’t.  He did condemn all violent assaults on free speech though,  which the Left despises.  Violence is OK for Democrats, eh?
We didn't ask for you 2cents do your homework Antifa paid for by CA company all at fault how about following money where these were paid
Were the attacks on police by #BLM and #AntifaTerrorists acts of domestic terrorism? One more reason you're going to lose to @kelliwardaz
Also condemn AntiFa and Black Lives Matter.   Equally hateful to neo-Nazis, etc.   That is the CORRECT point Mr. Trump was likely making.

Your antifa fascist comrades commend you.
Agree..lets also condemn Antifa,Black panthers,ANY alt-left hate grps..time to be honest&call out both sides.Liberals have yet to speak up.
The left are the domestic terrorists and are gaining more legitimacy because of statements like this. You need to be run out of office.
I just wish I knew what white supremacy is. I've been white my whole life and have never received anything free instead worked for 44 yrs.

You never spoke out on Terrorism or Obama who created a Conflagration of terror that spread all over the world. You're a flake & Rino!
Glad to see you are FINALLY against him. It's about damn time.
Trump condemned all the VA violence...are you deaf or just stupid!
What excuses can we accept Jeff? Your sorry excuse for a public servant?  Your sorry role as a republican?  Sorry excuse for skin
Trump didn't condone white supremacy??  Where were you on Obama's "never identify Islamic terrorism" campaign?  Probably mute...
Have you even looked at or witnessed what happened? Have you even understood there were good people there and ANTIFA ISIS VIOLENT and CLAN?
Free speech needs to be protected. Regs need to be given with permits. Inciting riots are always illegal. The light will drown the darkness.
No one disagrees, all forms of racial violence is horrid. But, silencing them w/violence is also wrong.
Can you excuse me/my friends for donating to SEN-ELEC Kelly? We are not white supremists & do not accept foreign OR domestic terrorism! MAGA
Liberals like flake have exchanged slave chains for slave welfare.  Both have always kept minorities down
We cant make up any more excuses for your miserable record flake. VOTE AGAINST OPEN BORDERS.  VOTE AGAINST FLAKE
.
I totally and completely condemn anything that ANTIFA group is associated with.  Those communists are worse than white supremacists/nazis!
I do not know anyone that is for white supremacy. Has not been an issue that I am aware.  What have they been doing for the past 8 years?
Bye bye to hateful leftist like you
You're right.  Now do something.  Please.
This is why Flake and @SenJohnMcCain are done. Quoting Flake, "we can't accept excuses ..."  He and McCain have called themselves out.
TRUMP DID CONDEMN!!! OVER AND OVER!
FOR GOD & COUNTRY PLEASE ARIZONA FIRE THIS JACKASS
Any GOP who goes against  @realDonaldTrump puts themselves in a precarious re-election situation. Don't jump on the establishment bandwagon
When there is a dem @potus u don't hear dem politicians criticizing him which is why their messaging is better. GOP needs to come together
Isn't it domestic terrorism for a congressman to tell the folks back home they will lose healthcare if they vote for a conservative?
U R right! So, condemn #antifa and #blacklivesmatter!
We cant accept excuses from other domestic terrorists like BLM and antifa eitherThese groups leave a trail of destruction everywhere they go
you are a liar, deceiver, and traitor!
Do not CONFUSE true History w revisionist history attempts. eH!!
You need a tractor
well President Trump did when he had the FACTS!!!!
WE WILL FLAKIE WHEN IT COMES ELECTION TIME AGAIN!  DR. WARD HAS YOUR PRESCRIPTION AND IT IS BYE, BYE!
you need more understanding. your name "flake", is perfect.
U R Condoning BLM & Antifa, They R committing Acts of Violence wherever they go. U R nothing but Another RINO! Not All Whites R Racists!
Give me a break Mr. Flake. You appear to have become a swampy politician already. Grow a pair sir @HARRISFAULKNER @seanhannity @billoreilly
hey "putz" open your ears. At no time did POTUS condone Racism.  It is the go to term when you on the Left don't have an argument
No what we can't accept is a flake for a senator! It's time for all those not on the @realDonaldTrump Train to get out!
You anti Trumpers best get to work on Potus agenda and not spend so much time lining your pockets. People are sick and tired of it.
You are a phoney - violence needs to be condemned across the board
white supremacy backed by a NAZI financing anti-US protests. Condemn that!
And we must have a watchful eye!
shouldn't antifa be listed as a terrorists group???????? oh wait they are more in line with your beliefs
Where was all this concern when Obama was making excuses for us and not the terrorists?
Say his name. #coward
Whose excuses? Dumpsters? Ryan's? Other colleagues? Or the entire fucking GOP who will not move against a nazi president.
Yes and we must condemn all the hate groups including Antifa and Black Panthers and Radical Islam but you won't do that, you're spineless
we cannot accept excuses for ANY hate period, that includes Anifta and BLM as well......

Republicans watch and share ASAP!!!
True--no room on this earth for hatred driven & racist groups. But, we need to discuss the hatred on both sides, which is where you fail!
Arizona expects you to do the right thing
We condemn you. There were no excuses for white supremacy uttered Don't put words in Trump's mouth. You are a traitor.
you are a traitor to the american people. Put in antifa mask.
you know this was a set up paid by soros to ridicule the President an because you are a follower u jump right in !
We cant accept BLM and ANTIFA either they are terrorist groups get real you are mentally ill
Republicans made this mess. Clean it up. Get him out of office.
...could murder someone in broad daylight without consequences; we knew this when he encouraged violence at his rallies. ...
...he bragged about sexually assaulting women; we knew this when he mocked a differently-abled reporter; we knew this when he claimed he...
To all you Republican politicians and other folks just now commenting on Trump's lack of a moral center: we knew this. We knew this when ...
Wake up fix yourself, it's more than politics
Thank you for your condemnation and courage to speak out.
Hope Arizona state Sen. Kelli Ward wins the next election. Fingers crossed.
Then maybe you should stop supporting ANTIFA/BLM/College Alt-left thugs & try supporting law & order & OUR President? RINO.
Then maybe you should stop supporting ANTIFA/BLM/College Alt=left thugs & try supporting law & order & OUR President? RINO.
You lie when the truth would serve. Shame on you....
You need even more teeth in this statement, call out the racist in chief
Elected Rs who won't call out Trump *by name* are the same people who will do *anything* to lose weight except diet, or exercise.
You Lie! President Trump did condemm. Period
That's a small fringe group loser we gave no affiliation w . Plan Kelly ward in u out rino !
We can't accept excuses for antifa and blm & acts of domestic terrosim, we must condemn. Period. NJ declared antifa a terrorist
And blm and antifa too bad you only condemn the one side ... They are all wrong
#actionsspeakbetterthanwords we MUST remove #trump from office
So if all protesters at Cville on Sat are Nazis does the make all C-protesters Antifa Terrorist? Why can't anyone answer the question?
Why do you refuse to condemn the hate and violence from the left.  Why do you hate Conservatives and America
Have you hugged a commie today RINO?
Thank you sir!
Yet, removing Confederate Monuments, part of America's Heritage are reminiscent of Taliban destroying The Buddhas of Bamiyan.
Excuse me, Senator Jeff Flake: Does Lesley Graham have a Twitter account? Would like to know. Yours sincerely,  @kbredberg, Gothenburg, SE
are you a Democrat? then ask why YOUR party created the White Supremacists starting with the KKK.
then we must condemn blm for the incident in Dallas leaving 5 cops dead.
To the biggest Soros pocket dweller! Unless your afraid of George , let's hear you condemn Antifa and BLM.
To the biggest Soros pocket dweller! Let's hear you make it clear that the hate terrorists Antifa and BLM are condemned
Trump condemned it. Did u have your hearing aid turned off? U can't resist siding with the libs against Trump. Hope you lose election! RINO!
Amen Praise the Lord brother!
Don't succumb to mob rule. Mob rule took the statues down. Thugs took them down. Public statues should be taken down legally.
Of course we must.  And he did.  Don't forget to condemn the Antifa and BLM while you're at it.
Our Congressional Representatives must call out Trump BY name...or we always vote for someone else...
WHEN ARE AMERICANS going to BE DONE WITH YOU!!! 
GO GET a JOB & GET OUT of CONgress!!!!
Trump comes out of woodwork condemned terrorist attack in Spain but glorifies white supremacy terrorism murder in America how ludicrous
Leftie here giving you full support, Senator.
Funny. I don't know any black Mormons. It's a very white group. Do you like the tactics of BLM and AntiFa?  OK by u in Mr. lily white?
You will be voted out the strong silent majority won't vote for you the Dems make all these comments so you think your Popular not
I assume you are saying that about blm and antifa as well, why don't you condem them by name?
, there were not excuses, idiot, he condemned both sides
Then why do we have 3 White Supremacists in the WH? #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
Jeff Flake is a RHINO.
We will vote you out in 2018 you traitor
Snowflake you will be gone in 2018.
Good to know a handful of Republicans have some backbone in calling Trump's remarks about Nazis for what they are - racist. Good job!
Stop trying to discredit Our President.   No weapon formed against President Trump shall prosper...
@kelliwardaz will take your job! You don't support @POTUS we don't support YOU! 
So tell #antifa to get permits before they block the public streets
you are definately a flake flake and not in any good way
JEFFY,,,DID IT EVER ACURE TO YOU TO HELP THE PRESIDENT INSTEAD OF MAKING IT TOUGH FOR HIM TO MAKE AMERICA BETTER,,I GUESS NOT,,,,
Who is accepting? More lies from Flake.
You are about to see what your excuses have done. You will be defeated by @kelliwardaz You and the other swamp dwellers will get booted!
Would you support censure, impeachment, or the invocation of the 25th? I appreciate the condemnation, but how are you willing to act?
I don't agree with your politics but I respect you for bucking #impeachtrump  @realDonaldTrump
the law's work for all bad and good guys you need to back up and get all the facts
#ImpeachTrumpNow  he is a danger to our nation
Great words.  Now what r u going to do about it?  #25thAmendmentNow #impeach45 #FireBannonMillerGorka 
#25amendmentnow #ImpeachTrumpNow
thank you for backing violence by Black Lives Matter and Antifa. Maybe you should condemn them also
As long as you condemn black supremacy too
Start condemning BLM & Antifa. They are domestic terrorists! It's not just white supremacy, KKK, or neo-nazis.  Condemn them all! Period!!
WRONG. You must condemn BOTH sides. By not also speaking out against the global elites attempts to create civil war you are a traitor.PERIOD
You're not condemning the President. We see you.
You're denouncing the alt right, what about the alt left? You know BLM, Anti-Fi and the rest of the alt left terrorist groups.
Thanks for standing up and saying the right thing. Now out your words into action. Impeach Now!
Thank you for standing up to the bully. He is incompetent and you know it. #ImpeachTrump #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller
You are a Flake,  all right
#MAGA
Demos sleeper cell haha
What about BLM & Antifa?
YOU need to deal with your extreme hatred for our president.
EXACTLY...just as President Trump did.
Who is accepting excuses for white supremacy?NOBODY!There were also people there simply protesting removal of a statue that were not KKK!
So, those three ACA repeal votes where you really stuck close to Trump. Feelin' good about them today?
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake, who is WEAK on borders, crime and a non-factor in Senate. He's toxic!
We can't erase our history as though it never happened either. This is not a perfect world.
You belong on the other side. Here, on this side, we condone all kinds of violence. Even the kind of violence coming those like you.
Please tell us when pres made excuses for WS, and why do u think he DID NOT condemn them? Need a hearing aide Flake?
I've said for years the KKK & the others are terror groups. Why aren't they considered so by law ???
Remember Hillary praising Robert Byrd, KKK leader...https://video.search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?fr=ymyy-t-999&hsimp=yhs-att_001&hspart=att&p=video+of+hillary+clinton+praising+robert+byrd#id=1&vid=427eda4ebad01ca3ee5893d2a2cf89c9&action=click …
You know who is responsible for all this unrest....you Washington Cronies that keep pumping out virtue signals & feeding the MSM for
Are you aware that they only number 5,000-8,000 people out of 365,000,000 million?? 99.9% of Americans are NOT racists!!!
Pres. Trump said this very thing on Saturday. Wash your ears once in a while and you might be able to hear better.
Yes, Jeff. We will condemn this, as well as the Antifa commies

BOOOOOM!!! @GreggJarrett: Donald Trump is the 1st Sitting President in 30 YEARS to condemn/call out White Supremacy/Neo Nazi's/KKK! #Hannity 
