Please keep in mind the # of AZ voters who are over 50.  I am 60 and this bill will hurt me.  I won't be able to afford insurance at all
Obamacare is killing AZ families of all ages.
I agree that healthcare is a mess, but the #ACHA is not the answer.  Medicare for all would be a better solution
No it's not.
What do you think is the answer?
Expand HSA! Use it for immediate family should they need it and will it to beneficiaries. Boost insurance competition across state lines.
HSA good for people who can afford to save, but not everyone can.  Insurance across lines, is good, but what about Medicaid? ACHA guts it
What you're proposing is that we cut everyone's abilities off to take care of themselves and turn over "care" to the Feds.Bad for all!
Please read the comments here or have your staff read them.  It's universally NO on what we've seen.  It's a bad bill.
Please vote yes on this bill.
AARP shoved Obamacare down all of our throats just like Pelosi and the dems. HSA expansion is a great part of the new bill.
I hear the AARP ads every day. They will never get any $ from this family. They are partisan hacks pushing far left agenda.
@JeffFlake Seem to be having some trouble here. I'd like to offer my services as reading specialist and tutor to help with the hard parts.
Let's see...preexisting conditions not covered...that's bad.  Understand?

I'm a rabbi. If this passes, people I serve will be forced into institutions and deprived of their religious liberty.
Total bullshit.
Read the CBO score.
WE THE PEOPLE want #FULLREPEAL of Obamacare (ACA)
Why? Do you know the honest details?
Be truthful@  You know this is a horrible bill that will gut Medicaid for the disabled, elderly and children.Fix the ACA!
I demand fair and equal healthcare for all our citizens not the wealthcare of the AHCA or BCRA. (3)
Abolish ACA! It helps illegals more than citizens. They are automatically given Medicaid/Access at emergency rooms w/o paying insurance.
We are real Arizonans who want you to think of us and vote no on this tax break for the wealthy pretending to be healthcare bill
As you know Az took Medicaid Expansion. This will hurt many here on AHCCS including about 45k vets. How are you going to vote from Az voter

If you can assure us we'll have same coverage we'll support you . But there are no numbers or guarantees whatsoever.
senator here is my future without HC coverage, trapped in a body that cant move, unable 2 spk racked w/pain frm unending muscle spasms
#BRCA
Resign
And you're gonna vote yes regardless of its impact because that's what your sponsors pay you to do?
Show your courage - add an amendment that mandates all Senate & House members and their staffs enroll in whatever healthcare plan is passed
Just talked to someone at your DC office. STILL no stance. It's been 20 days. Why so long? It's hurtful garbage. Support AZ and say NO!
My taxes subsidize 70% of government employees', the Congressman's and his staff's, healthcare insurance. (2)
Glad to know you didn't waste time reading after all. Luckily you decided it was easier to just repeal...we wont forget
Someone should tweet the entire bill
The Senate health care bill — all142 pages:
https://www.budget.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/SENATEHEALTHCARE.pdf …
No. Tweet it. Line by line.
Repeal and replace. Keep medicare SEPARATE from private care and policies.
Please do. Remember to watch out for us older voters in state. Work a better Bill.
It's now 3 days later and the new 'mystery' bill is out - vote NO on Repeal & Replace!  Save our Obamacare and fix it!
Please vote NO!!!! It doesn't improve costs or coverage. It will hurt the many seniors in this state. Everyone except wealthy lose.
Torte reform important, Across state lines importantl keep no prerequisites as is.  Congress Senate should have to have same rules.
I read #BCRA, too. Medically, it's BAD for #womenshealth, #geriatrics, & our #underserved on #AHCCCS. #Arizona deserves better. #killthebill
@JeffFlake support #pwd and #Killthebill #tw
If you vote to pass this I will literally go move in with my grandparents just to campaign against you 
Don't think I won't still do this bud
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
As an older constituent concerned re medicare,  Don't touch it.
Jeff Flake please vote no on the proposed Health Care Bill.
Remember that many Arizonians can't afford health care and being poor isn't a reason to discriminate against us.
@DonaldTrumpthe great wall of China as viewed as it is today, took 200 years to build. Will you complete your wall in your life time?
Please DO NOT VOTE for this disastrous Bill!!! So many Arizonans will suffer!!
We must work toward a modern World single payer healthcare or Medicare for all. (4)
FIX ACA. Best 4 USA & GOP. Major GOP strategic move - be seen working w/ Dems FOR The People! Pray 4 John McCain. Wish we had his insurance.
Almost every other senator has stated an opinion on this bill. I don't think you can delay until November of 2018. Say NO and support AZ.
My tax dollars go for both the Senate and House in-house healthcare facilities. (1)
Seriously does anyone else think it's weird that he tweeted he was doing his job?
What do you want your legacy to be?  Saved 24M people stay on health care that doesn't kill them financially or SELL OUT AZ for your gain!
It's already killing us financially.
Only ~50 pages w/ normal fonts&margins. Just enough room for big tax cuts for the 1% and a solid f* off to immigrants, poor & women. #VoteNo
Our congress continues to fail us as a country. You are proving everyday it means nothing to vote R or D to the senate and the house.
Thank you!
Please just scrap the proposed House and Senate healthcare bills, and just repeal ObamaCare.
Remember, 2018 is right around the corner.   A yes vote is like campaigning for your opponent.  We will be watching.
The real popularity of Trumpcare?

NPR/PBS/Marist: 17%
USA Today/Suffolk: 12%
Quinnipiac: 16%
Please vote no. I am a new constituent.
Please drop the tax cuts and use that money to help the poor get quality help
You better. This is a BAD bill. Please stop it. - A concerned citizen.
He's voted right in line with Trump and the GOP.
Reject it. Please.
PLEASE do not support this!!! It is immoral to let poor people die so that you can give tax cuts to the wealthy. Ludicrous.
Interesting that a bill that can effect millions get less response than a radio guy getting show on MSNBC. In words of potus...SAD
His website states he's for a free market (for profit) approach which apparently means a giant wealth transfer to the rich. Health is wealth
And vote NO!  It is awful 22 million kicked off ins and nothing to help everyday ppl. Not to mention severe Medicaid cuts. AZ will remember
how long will you take the #Dems punches without punching back?You better jump on the Trump train soon or you'll be a 1 termer
Why were you not among the rep who said no to health care bill? #looseyourjob
Great, then I hope U will throw it in the fireplace to help give U a few seconds of heat, which is more than it will do for 22M Americans!
Please vote NO on this bill!
You must reject any bill that makes deep cuts to health/well-being of elderly & children of America in the name of more money for the rich.
Just say NO to this repeal. 2018 election more important than ever. Take back control in the voting booth.
You need to vote against it
Hope a thorough read made it clear that it's madness. I'm 50, self-employed, work 60+ hrs/week & can't afford ins in AZ. Single-payer now!
This bill will kill people.  Anyone who votes to pass it is a murderer.  Period.
Take a stand. Just say NO to this wealthcare bill.  Or lose your seat next election.  Period.
Vote NO on this horribly crafted bill
Please vote NO on this bad bill which will leave millions without access to affordable health care.
HC costs rising faster than inflation, CPI. Medicaid block grant tied to inflation or CPI=HUGE tax increase for AZ payers. VOTE NO
So...your thoughts?
where do you stand Senator Flake?
This bill does not protect your constituents
I can help: 22M left without insurance, hundreds of thousands of premature deaths. Any questions? Oh yeah, and please call @louiswoof back.
As an AZ voter I implore you, please VOTE NO.
....and? #Trumpcare #ACHA
...in order to vote NO and keep 22 million Americans from losing insurance.
VOTE NO!!!
I'd ask you to vote no but you don't seem to care about what your constituents want.
It's stealing healthcare from the poor and middle class to give to rich people. Vote no. https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/want-to-know-the-worst-thing-about-the-gops-health-care-bill/2017/06/26/79a25136-5ab4-11e7-9fc6-c7ef4bc58d13_story.html?tid=hybrid_mostsharedarticles_1_na&utm_term=.e556c692d899 …
Sorry about your father.  You can apply what you said about Depp to the bill.  It's not funny or amusing.  Why does anyone think it's ok?
AND YOU WILL DO EVERYTHING YOUR MASTER MC CAIN SAYS TO DO.  I AM EMBARRASSED TO SAY I VOTED FOR SUCH A SISSY LIKE YOU.  NEVER AGAIN.
People who are now struggling to pay their premiums will not be able to afford insurance at all...Americans are begging you for their lives
Please Senator Flake, vote NO on this bill.  Many people will die needlessly if this is passed.  I am sorry to hear of your father's passing
So, if you've read it.  You'll surely admit it's a disaster for seniors.  We look forward to your "NO" vote.
If you vote yes thousands of your constituents will lose coverage and pay more for less coverage, then remember your vote at election time!
Please vote "no"
PLEASE take into account the least among us-Illness should not be a revenue opportunity for insurance companies-we need a public option
Please vote against this terrible bill, Senator. Sick Americans, older Americans, and poor Americans will be destroyed by loss of coverage.
And?......#VoteNoBCRA
Read what YOUR constituents are saying! A vote for #Trumpcare is a vote to kill Americans.
IF YOU BELIEVE IN A MERCIFUL GOD, VOTE NO ON THIS HEALTH CARE BILL WHICH LACKS ALL COMPASSION FOR AMERICANS!
Please vote no. This would devastate not only the AZ budget, but more importantly its neediest people, including those of us 60+.
No tweets about the new health care bill?? On because you're gonna vote yes on it. This will be your last term
Please vote no on this bill. I am 61 and have several conditions and it would hurt me not to mention all those folks in Medicaid!
A constituent here. What do you think now that you've read the bill and seen the #CBOSCORE?
Don't kill opiod addicts, old & poor people. Just vote no. Cut something else to give huge tax $ cuts to the ultra-rich.
Horrible bill.  Do not rush a vote.  Do not vote for it.  Work across party lines.  More people will be uninsured.  Better to let ACA die.
Please vote against this terrible bill that is poised to harm vets, seniors, anyone needing care! It transfers $$ from poor to rich!
Please vote No on the senate Trumpcare bill. It guts Medicaid and punishes Americans with pre-existing conditions!
Yes, read it and then vote NO.   Since when don't Americans care for each other.   Find a fix to  Obamacare,  you had 7 years. NO
Watch this as you review the bill... https://www.facebook.com/tami.turner.coder/posts/10209926581347470 …
OK so next year 4 million will lose their EMPLOYER-based coverage under this sh*te bill.  Maybe vote against?
After the 10-year CBO window, EVEN MORE lose Medicaid vis-a-vis current law.  You want those people to just die?
Take all the time you like. It flat out Dorn not provide #healthcare. Takes away from so many. #HealthcareBill fails #WeThePeople.
LOL! Spoiler Alert: This #HealthcareBill doesn't. Pregers?-No medicaid. Old?-raise rates. Endometriosis?-cross your legs? STAND AGAINST SIR
PLEASE RUSH, TIME RUNNING OUT!!!
Remember to vote NO after you've read about deeper Medicaid cuts. A tax cut bill that helps 400 rich families & devastates millions families
Your voting record is being watched closely for next election senator - Vote NO on Trumpcare
If you vote in favor of this bill, you will be voted out of office next year.
Please vote NO. Thank you
my fellow AZ vets will lose care under the new #Wealthcarebill I mean #HealthcareBill #notrumpcare #vetsvstrumpcare

Jeff: You have made no public statement concerning this bill, despite its obvious cruelty. You apparently can't read and will not review.
As one of your Arizona constituents, I will not vote for you in 2018 if you vote for Trumpcare.
Vote no. No to a tax cut for the rich at the expense of your hardworking and vulnerable constituents.
Please vote No on this VERY RUSHED bill which will strip away coverage for so many  of us Arizona residents. Pls start over & get it right!
Hope you knew w it is not the right one! Needs to have R and D together to hammer out issues that America can be behind! Vote no please
Whatever negotiations require- please get rid of Obama Care. It's hurting real people!
I am a constituent and native Arizonan and I am asking you to vote NO on this horrible, destructive, heartless bill.
No, no, no, no. If you truly care about your constituents, show your heart and vote no. PLEASE VOTE NO.
While you're at it, thoroughly review the procedural precedents a yes vote would support. Secrecy, haste, disdain, hubris, betrayal.
Doesnt take much reading to know it steals the health of babies and elderly to make rich richer...no brainer. Could you be that heartless?
please vote "no" on this bill. We need debate, we need serious and diverse groups working on answers. It does not improve things!
The bill is not long. Just a disgrace. U are stalling. State your position. Support your constituents not Trump nor Party. No more politics!
Did you get a chance to read it before your weekend trip?  Does @tedcruz eat Chunky soup for every meal?
Meet Jeff Flake. Rhymes with Fake. Jeff fakes concerns with the cruelty of the AHCA. But Jeff is a Koch puppet. Jeff will vote yes. RT
Why have there been NO hearings? This is not democratic; makes you a party to back room deals. The people of AZ and America deserve better.
If you vote for this bill you will have a lot of explaining. How many will lose coverage? How many will die? What's in it for YOU???
Sure you are. You're going to see that it is an atrocity, and then you're going to vote for it because you don't give a shit about America
I am 64 & can't afford insurance. Have adopted 3 great granddaughters, 2 with mental problems, they need AHCCCS
... and your silence is deafening!!!!!!!!
Please don't sign it.
please do and I pray that it's a thousand times better than that Obama care travesty. Yes it is affecting my family here in az
Senator, did you enjoy you retreat with ultra rich Koch Brothers this weekend? Did you sell your vote for campaign funds?
Please support our President and all of us citizens inAZ will prosper! That's why you are there! Remember that, Mr Flake!
READ WHAT ? TALE THE REGS OFF , OPEN COMPETITION , ACROSS STATE LINES ALL OF IT ! QUIT PLAYING POLITICS GET SERIOUS & GET IT "DONE " PERIOD
We are watching now more than ever what you do. Represent us or your out.
You will hurt arizona's elderly, our disable citizens, our low income mothers and women, cancer patients, those with chronic illness.
If you give a damn about us. You will not vote for it.
This is a bad bill and you know it. You cannot possibly represent anyone in this state if you vote yes. No one is helped by this bill. NO NO
Please vote no on this indecent bill which targets the most vulnerable in our country!
Should be an easy decision.
Vote no or start looking for another job.
I'm an AZ constituent, and I'm 100% against this healthcare bill. It doesn't have to affect me directly, for me to know how horrible it is.
This bill will hurt me. Please Vote No.
It's not worthy. We all deserve better from both sides of the aisle
Anything has got to be an improvement compared to Obamacare. Affordable Health Care Act? It was anything BUT!!!!
Please consider a NO vote on the Health Care bill.
Please don't vote for this bill. What would you do if you didn't have access to affordable insurance?

#healthcare bill? It's the #TaxCutBill you should be reading. The one called  the Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017.
please vote no - read AZ Capital Times art - Cost to AZ 2.9 B 400,000 AZ's citizens/voters your constituents health care at stake
old people kicked out of nursing homes, disabled children abandoned with no care, seniors penalized for getting old.Bad for Arizonans
No is the only acceptable vote. Most of us who need this coverage in Az worked, paid and now need our tax dollars to work for us.
I hope you vote NO on this bill ,will end #Medicaid  for many here in #AZ04
Cuts in #Medicaid are enough reason to vote no, on this bill which doesn't solve any of the probs w/ #ACA.
Please vote against this- it is a tax break 4 ppl who don't need it masquerading as health care reform
Vote no. Not because "it's not conservative enough" but because you don't spit on babies in ICU.
@SenJohnMcCain
How does that parable about the Samaritan go again?
Read it first before you make any decision. Not like Chuck who formulated his options base on obstruction of anything President does.
Don't believe that this is a bill to kill or destroy people. That's the narrative the Dems want you to hear!
Remember the people that this reLl affects.  #Lobbyists. Don't you turn your back on them. They pay your bills.
Vote No! Please. Think of Arizona.
This bill is a death sentence. Do not vote for it.
Just saw you went to a Koch sponsored event, instead of "reading and reviewing" #HealthcareBill .Guessing you don't need to read it anymore.
Sir, please vote no on the ACA draft! I am disabled & would die  without medicaid! My meds are $2,000. pm! My medical care through the roof!
Save yourself the time.  It's as awful and more than the crap passed by your friends in the House. Vote no or get ready for a new career.
You're up for re-election in a Medicaid expansion state, you'd better read it! And when you're done, vote NO
VoteYes-Healthcare bill is pragmatic-Medicaid will be better managed by States when they are fiscally responsible-eliminate waste and fraud

Looks like people in Arizona get to pay a lot more!!!
Please vote your conscious and not the party line.  It's more important that the welfare of Americans is taken care of than appeasing others
No AHCA!
I'm moving in to your district later this year. It will give me great pleasure to vote you out if you vote yes. #NoAHCA
VOTE NO
somehow I don't believe you. Vote no this time!! #Resist #TheResistance #HealthcareBill
485,000 Arizonians are COUNTING on you NOT give a tax break to billionaires.  What's more important, Jeff? Covering US or protecting Trump?
You must ask yourself if it helps the regular people get affordable healthcare.  If the answer is no, then you must vote no.
You saw what happened to Arizonans in 2011 with medicaid roll backs. #VoteNoAHCA or #Flakeout2018
Trump said no cuts in Medicaid or Medicare what a liar please stand up to him and his lies
Do this to Medicaid will the poor the elderly and disabled so rich get richer have a heart vote no
You need to vote no on the health care bill if you have a heart giving rich people a tax break to gut Medicaid is not right no matter what
465,000 Arizonans lose healthcare under this horrid attack on US citizens. Rich man's tax breaks still there. Planned Parenthood destroyed.
You will show your true colors if you help pass that garbage. You will also need to update your resume if you vote for it.
My mother has dementia and is in assisted living. They take her pension but we couldn't afford it without Medicaid.
Please oppose this tax cut for the 1%
