your screwing all future generations!
You have time to go on TV and campaign for others you have time to talk to your constiuents! #TownHall
why r u on the news? #Gorsuch has plenty of ads running
WE @Tucson would love a Town Hall too! I'm not happy hearing you're slamming DJT constantly... ARE YOU?????
Jeff you look like the victim of bad nose surgery
he does give Owen Wilson vibes
@SenJohnMcCain Booo! Gorsuch is #fascist ! Confirm #MerrickGarland as Justice of SCOTUS!
you mean how he will give more power to the corporations? And screw the people? Yeah great pick!
we want healthcare no limits cover pre existing conditions. Get the damn insurance cos to lower prices.
Way to tote the Party line and ignore constituents and their wishes.
Immigration reform, not done for the last 20 years, doesn't give Trump right to plunder American values.
I can't believe you are doing NOTHING to stop trump from discussing national security business at dinner!!!
By the way I call your office almost daily with my needs as a constituent. Pay attention!
The only nominee to fill that STOLEN seat is Merrick Garland!
Until Merrick Garland is given a hearing it doesn't matter whether you support #NeilGorsuch or not. Democracy is unraveling.
has not opposed the @POTUS on a single thing
nothing has been too much or too far and he wears it like a badge of honor
Halleluia Jesus I support the Russian installed government. I am a Traitriot!
Another genius of our government-the people have representatives. You're the rep. We are the people. Do your job.
I can't wait for 2018! You are out!
Congress can't work with POTUS re national security until it figures out what is going on w/ Russia!!
I am ashamed that you are my senator
The best move for our national security would be to invoke the 25th Amendment. @realDonaldTrump is unhinged
When will you be holding a town hall? We the People would like to chat.
you'll be out next election. You fold like a cheap shirt.
but even he doesn't support the travel ban. How does that work?
Best work together ?  Your President doesn't play well with others.
wouldn't you agree part of national sec. is investigating alleged ties to Russia?
Do your job. Investigate Trump/Russia.
Stolen seat. Merrick Garland was extremely qualified. You have become corporate troll for teapublicans-sad!
WOW! More important that a Facebook photo and post of the person carrying our nation's nuclear codes?
I have an idea for National Security...impeach the president who is inciting terror
Would love to hear you talk about how you support investigations into Russian ties & conflicts of interest.
Try attending a town hall, please. Your constituents have follow up questions for you.
How about investigating Trump's investments & Russian ties. That's should be #1!
you drank the kool aid flake. You have lost my support
Work together w/ agreed rules: no leaks, security of calls abt Korea, press freedom, no Trump Twitters.
not all are violent offenders ie az. She is gone.
I hope DJT will help you fix the race in 2018 cuz you are out#drainingtheswamp
You're toast  @azcentral @TucsonStar @abc15 @arizonarepublic @IndivisibleTUS @indivisiblephx
We don't need you you buttsniffer  @azcentral @TucsonStar @abc15 @arizonarepublic @IndivisibleTUS @indivisiblephx
@azcentral @TucsonStar @abc15 @arizonarepublic @IndivisibleTUS @indivisiblephx
Merrick. Garland.
I don't like most of what you do but thanks for defending our checks and balances
jeff, curious can you please answer this .. do you even read our comments ?
please hold trump accountable for his Russian treason.
the woman from Arizona who was deported? Disgusting.  Shame on Immigration. Shame on POTUS
they are all liars and traitors and you support them #goingtohell #greed #greed #greed #shameonyou
we're getting impatient, senator...
you represent me, not orange man
wow can't wait to promote getting rid of Flake-you are not doing what your constituents want.
why would it trouble you that a court looks at motivation?
Can we put this on the agenda for your town hall? Just need the date/time, please.
You are nothing more than a puppet for Trump! You don't listen to the people of  AZ.  Tick tock 2018.
, I will vote to have you lose your senate seat in 2018!
I have a problem w/ your lack of concern of illegals using fake docs, even 4 work/identity theft is issue!!
Vote based on the answer to this question: is your name Merrick Garland?
why would U want 2 break up a division of the court.I wanted 2 believe in U. Did 3-5 mill illegals vote?
you're weak. I'm Excited to vote you out. #snowflakesvsflake
secure the border. Step 101
the woman in AZ who stole identity to work needs to be deported. Ask the people she stole the identity from
November 6, 2018
How about you be on "face your constituency?"
Translation: I know the country has gone to hell but I'm trying to get re-elected so please cooperate
traitor
2/2 duty was to provide advice and consent for Judge Garland. Instead you followed the lead of children GOP
Senator, you are disingenuous. As a legislator your .....
GARLAND!!!!
Why so many commercials about your immigration stance?
but the ban was poorly written and was based on religion. I think the court was very originalist in its thinking
if you resigned, you'd become a leader
Merrick Garland.  Betsy DeVos.  Jeff Sessions.  FLYNN.  What a mess.  2018 will not be your year, Senator.
Why do you continue to knock Trump, You are a Flake. I just don't see myself supporting you in 2018.
can't believe you endorsed #bestydevos
When will you be holding a town hall for your constituents in Arizona?
Yes, when?  I'm in a group & sending postcards 2 R AZ senators!  Let's all do it! We'd love 2 go to a town meeting!
I know it's in Mesa, but you could join the Search Party for Flake next Saturday:
thx!  Tell me how to link to your event and I will put it on FB "The19th." AZ group page!  We have peeps in EV!
It isn't mine. It is run by @IndivisibleofAZ
@SenJohnMcCain Dump fascist Gorsuch! That seat belongs to #MerrickGarland !
coward Fake Flake voting the party line of Trump zombies
coward!  Fake Flake!  Can't wait to get you out of office and let a true rep represent me here in AZ
flake should be a democrat
we don't want him either!
How much are you personally profiting from Trumps' business  dealings with foreign leaders?
Jeff she was a felon who stole identity. If I did it I would be in jail. A crime is a crime. Get with Trump
Jeff not 4 u 2 decide what felon stays or not. What about the ppl who have been waiting years 2 b here the legal way? Trump train
You should face your voters, instead of TV. #ReplaceFlake2018 @IndivisibleofAZ @AZ4Change @Arizona_Strong
Cliff Notes version: "I have no integrity whatsoever."
Your constituents up North would have like a visit. Instead you chose to posture on TV. #MerrickGarland #DeVos #Sessions 2018.
Waste of time to watch. You follow party lines and have put this country in danger. Put country first!
you're a fraud Flake
WTF?  The AZ woman committed a FELONY!!   What about the lady who's ID was stolen?   Unbelievable
Your obstructionism against 44 paved the way for 45. You try to distance yourself but the disgrace is yours
There is no "working together," while White House is leaking to Russia. Suspend Flynn, investigate ties.
And what do you recognize when you put on the robes, Jeff FlaKKKe...?"
Boooooo.
Gonna take any time to discuss G. Flynn's talks with Russia? May have an effect on our security.
have time for them but not the people who vote for you. Great representation
Merrick Garland.
