I agree we don't need shutdown.But changing modern Filibuster back 2 where a Senator had to hold the floor would B a game changer
YES! Another Visionary who can see back into the past to where America was GREAT! How about this, 2nd Jeff, how about we go to a system...
where esteemed Congressman and Senators aren't allowed to take a single corporate dollar, like Jefferson envisioned? This country was...
founded as "anti-corporate" i.e.: boston tea party, yet I see a bunch of Jeff's loading their pockets with lobbyist loot on the daily!
Tea party was about taxes.
It was about the Tea Act, and was act of violence against the East India Tea Company, not a government. Facts, pesky.
Yep. Preserve the do nothing get nothing done swamp.
So you're suggesting forcing the majority of the country, to live with what the Minority wants?
That's what the Electoral College did to us last December.
True but NOTHING policy wise can/will change w/o congress. Changing the rules would be devastating for this country.
The whole point of needing 60 votes in the Senate is to encourage debate and concession. If they cant get 60 they need to have better plans.
I agree even if the current Administration does not.  
Need an independent investigation into Russia's interference with 2016 election.
What we DO need: INDEPENDENT investigation/trumprussia.!
Women are a majority of population. There are a number of female Republican Senators, so WHY is 13-member Healthcare Committee ALL MEN?
And we don't need government in the business of healthcare and we don't need the government to spend another 1.3 trillion dollars .
You are done anyway you keep putting in us deeper and deeper. Please leave the sand out of the KY.
Yes, "We the People" DO have a stomach for a government shutdown. We do NOT have a stomach for cowards that won't fight for our interests.
You already did with you pushed Gorsuch through. Do you have dementia?
Agree with you, Republicans have already wasted enough tax funds on shutdowns.  Republicans must stop thwarting free speech, voting rights.
It won't be up to you Flake. Trump will veto the budget bills in September. McConnell, scared of the front page, kills the filibuster. #MAGA
Flake is a perfect name for you. Just add Liberal to it! Arizona hates you, you won't have a next term. Enjoy ur perks now bcuz you're out!
you're right, we need glass steagall
Yeah? What about changing rules for supreme court justices?
If the GOP keeps rolling ovr why do we keep electing them #ShutItDown, #FullRepeal, and keep the govt out of my healthcare #UnitedForFreedom
What we need to do is see that no republican is ever elected to any office anywhere in America ever again. They have betrayed this country.
You do need to keep from cutting Medicaid! This has got to be a high priority, especially since it affects special ed.
When are you up for re-election?
YES! When LEADERSHIP IS REQUIRED REAL LEADERS ANSWER THE CALL!!! Fantastic Jeff, I applaud your keep govt operating stance! BOLD! See Libs!
This is what a REAL Leader does, keep the government open for business, kinda like the people actually expect it to be, open. It'd be...
Another matter entirely if our esteemed Senators couldn't take that sweet, sweet lobbyist loot during a what? Shutdown? Never heard of it...
REAL LEADERS libs, they respect the rules of the Senate and the Constitution, like the "advise and consent" decree, right Jeff. Rules are...
Important, and that's why Jeff took a stand and wouldn't allow GOP obstructionists to derail the SCOTUS nomination of Merrick Garland!
I am a bit confused as how a guy named Neil ended up on the Court, but pay it no mind Libs, Jeff is a man of parliamentary procedure!!!
Our President says a shut-down would be good- why question him only on this one issue.
you said 'elections have...'
and your duty to support
Thank you for that Senator. Now I hope you'll vote NO on AHCA when it hits the Senate!
You want a pat on the back for upholding the Constitution?
Vote NO to Trumpcare if you care for the well being of your constituents. Listen to your constituents for once please.
unless it's for a supreme court nomination
Accepted campaign contributions from the telecom industry in the last election cycle. #NetNeutrality
You are one of the opposition Jeff. You voted for that fully dem 'budget', and you are against the nuc option and the Wall. That's why Kelli
Why would we have a government shutdown there hardly ever there anyway
vote no on anything that takes away protection for people with pre-existing conditions
Thank you Senator Flake.  Don't back down.  Push for full investigation of Trump involvement with Russia.
But we all need real healthcare. VOTE NO on Trumpcare!!
That's not what supreme ruler Trump thinks.
Exactly! Save our country, IMPEACH PRESIDENT DUMB DUMB!!
You shouldn't have changed the rules on SCOTUS filibuster either you lame duck!
So you both support the funding of every liberal wet dream at 1.1 Tril of deficit spending? How are either of you conservative? IN WHAT WAY?
Don't compromise the #ACA for the sake of MORE profits for insurance companies-we have a broad and deep reaching plan w #ACA. Reform.
Well, he is YOUR President.  Maybe you give him a lesson in the history of the Senate and some understanding of governing.
Agree
Says who?
Just on the filibuster for the Supreme Court, right Jeff?
Hey was One Term Flake a softball player Based on his questions to Comey today and all the softball questions he asked was probably pitcher
But, but, but, Deplorable Thrump will just tear up our archaic Constitution if you don't give him these 2 little things.
Jeff Flake is doing everything possible to protect the interest of Russia and Putin today.
The filibuster is a great way for weak Senators to hide. Eliminate the fili and govern. #ivoteinAZ
Defund Planned Parenthood like GOP & @realDonaldTrump promised!! Please don't protect a criminal enterprise that hurts women&babies!!
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
Right! We should just abolish the Senate instead.
You are being rationale.  Are you sure you belong in politics?
And no, you cannot repeal Obama care.. .
Agree, sir.  Please, please do NOT change the rules of the Senate. It's imperative to our democracy.
Poor Trump is crazy
You are the worst kind of hypocrite!
@realDonaldTrump at least Jeff has some brains or might just trying to keep his seat
Thank you.
If you really give a shit, you'll stop McConnell from turning it all over. It's time to acknowledge the danger we're in here Jeff.
GOP destroyed any hope of bipartisanship  when they refused to even meet with Garland. Disgraceful. Changed rules for Gorsuch. Disgusting.
We need another election!
CHANGE the Senate rules. The DIMS will never work with you.
Wake Up Senate & Congress ?The WH is a CASINO of CROOKS, With a Absolute "Sick,Stupid,Pres. At The TOP that's Only Interest-Himself! Thief??
We were the Greatest Country in the World & Trump & His Administration Love Dictators & Criminals that Enrich TRUMP Himself, Daughter,&Sons
Says the compromised RINO.
But Trump & This Administration is Not Only Incompetent,The Pres acts Like a Child & His Admin.,Trump is Mentally Sick,Traditions Destroyed?
Hypocrite, You & All GOP voted to changed the rules to pass Gorsuch shows you would change the rules ANYTIME YOU DON'T LIKE THE RESULTS.
WE JUST NEED TO CHANGE WHO IS IN THE WHITE HOUSE!!  #ImpeachTrump
Govt shut down is a ploy used by the left to control a repub maj. And it worked. Shut it down and show the dems are responsible.
Funny (amusing) you changed the rules to get Gorsuch in.
Thank you for saying it @JeffFlake No politician should ever shut down the govt. That is the opposite of their job description .
Thank you for putting the ppl first. They need their paychecks.  They need services. I couldn't believe that stmt by @POTUS.
If only your party could actually sell something in this lifetime...  Freedom, capitalism, smaller government...  I don't know...
And yes, we like sitting around and accomplishing nothing.
And NO we shouldn't be funding PPH!!!
Thank you!
But members of the GOP said the same thing re @SCOTUS but voted the rules change anyway.  Don't trust you!
@Lawrence and no we don't need @jeffflake to win reelection. Do not be fooled. He supports a GOP leadership in congress
Do you are a Comunista?              In the GOP.
Thank you @JeffFlake jeff.
You must be so proud of your party!
@Lawrence Trump is not governing, he is ruling. That is what his air head supporters like. Where is our democracyTrump flushed it
That is definitely something everyone can and should agree upon
But we do need an impeachment process.
Don't tell us, tell Mitch McConnell.
Tell that to your destructive party, pal. Seems like they won't be happy until they drive America into the ground
Where were you when we were begging for a hearing for Garland for 10 months? Excuse: you didn't want to set a precedent.That was Obama's pik
Ok good, now keep going
Unless it's to vote on a stolen #SCOTUS seat, right? You're a spineless hypocrite.
Pat yourself on the back now big boy
sure hope u mean that and aren't pandering for votes in 2018
Trumps thinks govt needs biz efficiency. Doesn't get Fascism is efficiency for the few. Democracy is deliberative representation of the many
I'd complain, but you'd just buy my internet search history
We didn't need a change of senate rules on nuclear option either but hey, since we're already chopping off our noses....
Dear Sen Flake, he means shut down the archaic rules of the Constitution, ie Congress. Up to you to stop it!  Love, AZ voter.
@Lawrence.  Help us get our country back! Please!
"No" is getting easier all the time right Senator?
@Lawrence and No we don't want Trumpcare 2.0.
RINO
@Lawrence Birther Propagandist POTUS Trump you dug this ditch even made a tape Putin if you're listening unity-tour Shutter Down
He wants a shutdown to distract us from his abject failure as POTUS! He wants anarchy to "time-warp" us back to Jim Crow. Bannon's scheme!
It's your party, you can cry if you want to...
But, y'all let this craziness take you over long before Trump.
I am not voting for you Jeff. I will vote for anyone else but you
but but the Banana Republic Dictator Comb Over demands uber Powers.
Thank you , Mr.Flake, for being a politician of integrity.
@Lawrence yes we do need a shutdown, you guys have turned into a bunch of spoiled ass teenagers with their parents credit card.
We need to vote Republicans out of office. Did you vote for Trump? We need leaders w/ character & morals.
Does this mean you will start standing up to Trump again?
Will we ever have a sane president again after this one?!
That's nice. But he is still a follower and I don't trust him. I'm from Az. He has burned his bridges.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Flake!
Gee, thanks Jeff... How about taking a stand for Arizonans that are on the fringe? How about women, minorities, Native Americans, immigrants
Ok, finally you are taking the side of the people. Thank you.
My God, one of the few rational things you've said in months. I think you are still too much of a Trumpette to get my vote
Good for you. Standing up for sanity and reason. Governing is hard changing rules is weak.
Well said from this democrat to a republican!!!
Did you stay at a Holiday inn? 
ok
Common sense from an Arizona asshole who cosponsored slaughtering Alaska's hibernating bears and cubs while they sleep & wolves from planes
Donnie is a wannabe.  Read to him about snakes. He is comfortable being a snake.
What we actually need to do is remove the President and Vice President and EVERY LAST RETHUGLICAN from the government.
He is out of his mind like Donald.
Now he wants to meet with the holdouts on the healthcare bill so that he can bully and threaten them to get this bullshit bill passed
Except when it suits your purpose like for SCOTUS??
You are simply empowering Democrats own abandonment of compromise, which demands the #FilibusterMustDie.
Lets just spend more money like we always do
Yes, you've found your backbone! #2018 coming up fast, isn't it?
But we should throw you out in 2018 and elect Kelli Ward.
Jeff you're a purist. Thank you. Do the right thing regardless of party insanity. Ds must do the same.
Well, that ship sailed once and we got Gorsuch...what should we expect now?
Filibuster needs some consideration.
That's nice that you show some independence. Care to apply it to voting against the awful AHCA that doesn't protect preexisting conditions?
Trump is cruel, toys with people's lives, the life of our republic, the well being of our country, just to satisfy his ego.
And yes, RINOS like @JeffFlake & @SenMajLeader McConnell need to go since they are political hacks who lack conservative principles.
Ah, but only if u didnt go nuclear on the judicial filibuster, when it matters.  Hypocrite.
No, we shouldn't ever vote for this pathetic democrat Flake.
You better start listening to the voters!
#flakeymcflakester do something right for once @twwnaz
Thank heavens!!
What is going on with the Trump Russian investigation.  Why are Trump people meeting Russians and lying about it. ?  Flynn, Sessions....
Russian interference in the elections.
This is the first time you've said something that I agree with, but then, you don't care what your constituents think.
God damn you mr Mormon antichrist
But you changed the rules on Supreme Court nominees, you hypocrites.
No one who voted to put Trump in office trusts a single thing you say. We are aware your loyalties lay elsewhere.
We don't need you either Leftie.
Thank you!
This from the NEVER trumper who would like nothing more than to see POTUS fail. So whatever Flake says do the opposite!!
One word. Gorsuch.
So glad you had a change of heart, but if you continue to vote they way you do, it's a mute point. @CNN @NBCNews @nytimes @vicenews
Good on you Sen.Flake. And we need health care that covers pre-existing conditions. Thank you.
Don't bow to Donald or Mitch. You have a vote and a conscience, I hope you use them.
And NO, we should not vote in RINOs who act like democrats!!!!
Thank you! I appreciate you voicing dissent.
Glad to see this - just wish you had the same view on changing the rules for the Supreme Court, esp. after the shameful yearlong delay
Senator how do we help? ->V.A. Forces Dying Veteran to Move to Another State for Life-Saving Transplant Surgery
Thank you @JeffFlake for putting country over  POTUS thoughtless comment. #MyGOP.
And, apparently we don't need to accomplish anything we campaigned on. And by we, I mean at least half of the GOP caucus and not me.
Good point.
Oh lookie who finally got some balls.  You are still out in 2018 so nice try!
You had no problem dumping the judicial filibuster. Why should we believe you won't change your mind on the legis filibuster?
@JeffFlake is one of the things I hate most about living in Arizona. The other two things are @SenJohnMcCain and @RepDavid Schweikert.
You are absolutely right.
I'm an AZ voter & not happy about the nuclear option for SCOTUS. Why are u & GOP trying to changes 200 yr old rules? No more rule changes.
This may be the first time I've ever agreed with you.  Thanks for being on the rightside of history this time.
And yes, you and the rest of the GOP need to get rid of this moron before he seriously harms this country even more. Time is ticking.
Thank you for your rational approach
Yes we do! This AZ voter will make sure we change our senator..Mr. Flake!
So it's come to this: I'm liking a Jeff Flake tweet
Honestly you are a complete failure as a senator. Keep flashing those pearly trumps
Repeal and replace Jeff Flake... 2018.
Bravo! ....This is the first time you don't side with the idiot in the Oval Office.
2018 can't come fast enough you #RINO, just know everyone agreeing with you lives in another state. #Arizona #MAGA #BuildTheWall #ByeFelicia
But should we repeal the First Amendment?
The government needs to shut down spending on everything but Constitutional obligations.  It's broke, the biggest debtor of a debtor nation.
Autocorrect shld read hell not he'll
Well then, why the he'll aren't @POTUS' agenda being accomplished! O'care repeal/replace! Tax reform! You're all a bunch of bums!
Time for #25thAmendment/Article4 Trump wants to be like his favorites:PUTIN, Duterte, elSisi, Un,Erduwan.Sad that Republicans don't have s
And while you're at it, I haven't felt so unsafe since after 9-11. Please address questionable mental state of potus. He shames the US daily
These are the correct calls, Senator. We wouldn't even be talking about this stuff though if awful imbecile DJT weren't Pres.
Your attitude is why the @SenateGOP is a failure, a source of #gridlock except when caving in to Dems.
#MAGA #tcot @HouseGOP @FoxNews @OANN
Did you say that to @POTUS???
I agree with you. I certainly wish you weren't so hard on the environment.
We shouldn't be voting yes on ACHA either you know it's wrong ,we know it's wrong and it's only design is to hurt people who need it most
Look, more shitshow comments from the blackmailed/bought out/never accomplished a thing swamp POS. Arizona u need 2 new senators.
If this is the best spending plan we can get, yes, shut it down
For once we agree.
Get on board the Trump express!!!  That's why YOU and all the other GOPs are there!!!!
Perhaps more Repubs like you need to be primaried, do not have a backbone to do what we made you majority for
