The people have a right to medical insurance, please ensure you make the right decision, so i can make the right vote.
yes, a right to medical insurance options that best fits their needs, not the corporations that are lobbying their efforts to make more $$.
No such thing as "the right" to insurance. But Obamacare gave us 140% increases in premiums. So you must not like that either
Vote no this cruel healthcare bill.  Every life is priceless, rich or poor.
The problem with this approach is that it creates a death spiral for those who have pre-existing conditions.
Health insurance needs to have largest pool possible to spread costs around. The healthy pay more now, but will get more when they need it.
Competition in insurance doesn't lower medical costs for the same reason me going to a store with several credit cards doesn't lower costs.
The people that can lower costs are the insurance companies. They do this through leverage. More companies = less and less leverage.
This is why increasing insurance options may make prices go even higher.
We need good health care, we're all just one moment away from a major illness or accident.  Please consider Americans first
Really? You call that joke a "discussion"????? Well, we'll have a great discussion about you in 2018, Senator!
WH squeeze working? Don't fold. Vote NO. #ivoteinAZ
We do not want the #BCRA #NOBCRA.  Fix #ACA and fully fund healthcare for all Americans. Healthcare is a human right.
No it will hurt AHCCCS AZ Nurse, Drs and Hospital so NO NO=Listen to us in the trenches providing care for 35 yrs
Do not vote for Trumpcare!  I vote in Arizona.
SO, ARE YOU VOTING AGAINST THE PEOPLE IN YOUR STATE???  ARE YOU VOTING TO TELL US WE DON'T MATTER TO YOU AT ALL... UNLESS WE'RE RICH???
Ha, it's so clear the inevitable hard-right primary challenge scares him more than a general election ever could.
#TermLimits #article5
Please don't vote for any of these godawful Heath care bills! Lori Alvord in Page, AZ
Plain REPEAL is what is NEEDED!!!
Damnit.  Support #SinglePayer. I've offered before and will offer again: let me know when you have time & I'll explain it to you.
What person in their right mind would want Govt in charge of their healthcare. Look at U.K. and Canada where they come here for best care!
Agreed... But society benefits with basic healthcare for all just like basic education for all.  we can still buy best care on top of basic
again, that's socialism. Less Govt is Best Govt! Power to the People! Look at Venezuela who recently went socialistic! They r starving!
You mean the amendment even insurance companies hate, but the Koch brothers wanted? The president is lining up donors against you-vote No.
Your days are numbered Senator if I, your constituent, have anything to do with it.
2018 ? #savetheACA  or, move on & sell ice cream
Question: Why aren't Cruz's lower-premium "Consumer Freedom" plans included under the GOP's continuous coverage rules?
The way I'm reading it, the amendment lets insurance companies sell super-cheap plans that won't qualify for continuous coverage.
It's the same garbage insurance that was around before Obamac ACA. Covers almost nothing and we all get to pay their bill - because freedom.
Hoping the democrats will run a decent opponent to unseat you, Senator Flake. You should fix Obamacare instead.
Maybe we can learn how to steal and have it perfected before the vote.
Repeal obamacare, I don't care what you do until you repeal obamacare.
There are lots of ways to be a healthcare hero that would be supported by everyone & save $ regardless of insurance
The blood of the people that die because of your healthcare debacle will be on your hands Jeff Pontius Pilot Flake
Maybe you were dropped on your head as a child? Something has affected your ability to think critically & independently
#liar #TrumpCare #trumpcarekills
Hopefully, you will no longer"represent" the people of AZ because you don't!   UGH!
The GOP could have fixed the affordability problem of ACA years ago but, no, they had to repeal our 1st "black" president's plan
Given alignment w/ crazy Ted its apparent who Mr. Flake is  Quite sad  Really hope @SenJohnMcCain not easily manipulated & shows sensibility
If my Senator from Az is finally hinting at how he'll vote (given apparent alignment with Ted) then I'll warn, he will lose reelection.
I'm in 85283.  Five registered voters beside me beg you to vote no.
The Ted Cruz plan is meant to placate the opposition but in fact sets up the ACA plans for failure.   I beg you to support #SinglePayer
Repeal and replace Obamacare
When are you going to talk to US???  YOUR CONSTITUENTS??? We pay you to listen to and represent US! Do your job. Vote NO!!!
Lowering premiums for crappy ins is NOT a solution! If you live long enough, you WILL have a pre-existing condition. Where is ur humanity???
No, no, no! You are out of touch with your constituents. AZ does NOT support TrumpCare or the Cruz Death amendment. Vote NO or we do for you
Don't be proud of this!
Even insurers hate the Cruz amendment, calling it "simply unworkable in any form". Vote NO on #BCRA!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/senate-health-bill-insurers-unworkable_us_59697eb7e4b0d6341fe9111c?4wz …
This is NOT an option...it is a death sentence for those unable to pay for REAL insurance.  VOTE NO.  This is awful
Restoring Arizonans right to purchase cheap woefully inadequate insurance is so patriotic when the bill come due and there isn't  to pay.
https://www.usnews.com/opinion/economic-intelligence/articles/2017-06-23/senate-obamacare-repeal-plan-ignores-market-failure-of-us-health-care?google_editors_picks=true …
Are you really supporting a #BCRA that exempts yourself and the rest of the Senate from what you give constituents? #TellUsBeforeYouVote
How much would your personal tax bill go down if #BCRA passes? #TellUsBeforeYouVote
Please don't take away our healthcare . Reject this murderous tax break for rich!!
You have the lowest approval rating of any senator. Might have to do w/support for this disastrous bill which leaves 450k uninsured in AZ.
Shame on you, Jeff Flake, you know this is wrong.
You guys just don't get it. That's right reinvent the healthcare wheel. You break it you own it. Increased premiums Republican caused!
LIFE,liberty,pursuit of happiness, LIFE! Healthcare saves LIVES! It is our right. The sooner @GOP wrap that around their heads the better!
ACA focused & worked on premise that essential health benefits, incl prevent care will decrease amount spent on healthcare & save lives.
Show me the millions of AZ constituents that want this! Show me thousands of doctors that want this. Show me the hospitals that want this.
A yes to Mitch's bs bill & Cruz amendment tells AZ you don't have a clue about the healthcare system & what your constituents want or need!
Shitty plans is what caused the issues w our healthcare system. We won't go backward! #HealthcareForALL ACA saved lives! Cut costs!
Insur cos, not exactly models of altruism, are against this amend & say it results in less insured ppl
ridiculous-how could you sleep at night that insurers may charge for insurance that does not cover folks-what chicanery
"Unworkable in any form" say INSURERS
For shame! Corrupting words like "freedom" to trick the most vulnerable into thinking that your are looking out for them!
Please stop supporting this bill - @AmerMedicalAssn opposes it and it's bad for majority of AZ. Jeff please listen to the majority & Vote NO
You seem to be a fairly intelligent man. Prove that by voting NO. Voters will thank you at the polls.
If you don't vote no, say goodbye to your political career.
Cruz Amendment won't work. Ask health professionals, not Ted. Find a neutral person to do the math and the research on what voting yes means
If you believe that crazy stuff, you are definitely not going to win another term. Vote NO on the GOP healthcare bill. Bad for constituents.
Both AHIP and BCBSA have come out against this amendment--together, in a very rare joint letter
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Vote NO on this travesty. We've been thru this pre-ACA. HR pools don't work. PP must be funded. Fix O-care flaws, do not make things worse!
Ummm, this would be the same amendment insurers just pronounced a disaster, right?  Stratify the market and chaos results - say INSURERS
Did  you even READ this bill? Or read ABOUT it? If so and you're still voting for it, you're more heartless than I originally thought.
You best rethink your position on Cruz amendment, because Health Insurers blasting it. Millions will lose coverage
Scathing letter from the insurance industry's top lobbying group @AHIPCoverage torching Cruz's plan: "It is simply unworkable in any form." 
To say you want better choices is a lie. You care for no one and lack moral fiber. Was selling your would to the devil worth it at least?
You mean #DeathByGOP?
This letter says it all. You're are an evil, cruel, and inhumane monster.
JUST IN: The nation's actuaries have spoken: the Cruz amendment is totally unworkable, will destabilize the markets.
http://www.actuary.org/files/publications/RiskPoolingFAQ071417.pdf … 
@SenJohnMcCain Voters won't be forgetting Congress exempted itself from #ACArepeal
Millions will be uninsured!
Always nice when the people in charge are both cruel and incompetent.

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Do what is right. If insurers say it won't work, it won't.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Make this his "first" and "last" term if he doesn't grow a set and come out NOW against Trump 3.0
I prefer a full repeal with no replacement. Thank you.
Not a word here about the Trump3.0?
So this is your first term here? It's going to be your last if you don't become vocal on this for us!
Or as we call it, "Let's Kill the Elderly OPtion." We are in this together - some don't know they are ill - we need total care, not tedcare
It's deeply disturbing that our elected officials REFUSE to listen to constituents.  WAKE UP VOTERS!
Stand up and vote no.
And silly me once thought you were actually a thoughtful Republican.  AZ will speak powerfully in 2018.  Clean up your resumé!
You need to VOTE NO on trumpcare & fix the ACA. Your donors are NOT your voters. You represent us not your rich donors!
Last chance to stop single payer in America!  @TeamCavuto @RandPaul
Do you like Killing the Poor Nad Defenseless?
A Yes Vote Kills This Child.
How about U talk 2 actual constituents terrified about the #CruzAmendment and actually dying from #BCRA
No longer @GOP of my father's generation. All greed and billionaires pulling strings. #WeThePeople #MuellerTime
I'm doing all I can go get impeached but GOP won't bite. sorry 
But you're a spineless puppet. So I'm not counting on you to do the right thing...
You guys can come up with something better.... vote no on Trump Care-less!
It is nor acceptable to us in AZ.  Repair and keep #ACA  in place. Selfish rich get what they/you want. You need same Healthcare  us.
Your constituents should treat you in kind at election time.  If they lose healthcare you lose your seat!
So why are you and staffers exempt from this type of healthcare if it is so great?
Senator Flake, stop lying to your constituents about "choice". They know that this bill will throw millions off of their insurance.
It's not "choice" when you can't afford a plan that will cover your preexisting conditions.
The only choice here is you choosing to gut medicaid and insurance markets to give a tax cut to millionaires.
This does not help the people who need it most. Shame on you.
Unlike you or Ted Cruz, who are covered by great healthcare, does no good to have freedom of choice if you can't afford the best healthcare!
And this name "consumer freedom" ...the nerve the heartless name ...you r almost mocking us, taking pleasure from people's pain #sad #shame
Freedom to die! Even economists hate this...this is 1/6 of the economy.  Still in lobbyists hands. #SaveACA
Why don't you come home and explain your decision to your constituents face to face ? #gopnocompassionnocare
Do you ever get tired of defending the indefensible?  #SaveACA #DeathCare
You're an moral and spiritual coward, putting your party over the literal lives of your constituents. You should be ashamed.
new #BCRA STILL REPEALS "Essential Heath benefits" as maternity, preexhist, disability, mental health... STILL UNACCEPTABLE!

Republicans in the DC bubble just don't get it. #losingthemajority
VOTE NO ON McConnell Healthcare bill...or you will lose your seat next year,.
Please vote no to revised senate health care bill. It still threatens the health of tens of millions of the most vulnerable. Dr. Slusser
Show courage & vote NO! & you WILL see massive support!  Vote with the people not against them!  Otherwise, join those who WILL go down.
echo chamber
Step outside the ( closed) doors of OUR office. 
You will find conversation and reasons to move to medicaid for all
Get the Govt out of Healthcare. It is still a BAD bill, govt " allows " affordable plans!! Keeps taxes subsidies and give Alaska a payout!
Please vote no on this heartless healthcare bill. Millions of Americans just want access to decent, affordable healthcare.
Have a god damn conscience. Your going to cave to that human waste bin Mitch McConnell and the sexual predator in chief? Millions uninsured!
Seriously? I can't wait to get you out of office. I want someone to actually represent Arizona, and you are apparently incapable.
Can't wait until we can vote you out next year...  You don't represent the ppl of Arizona.  Like all GOP, you are self serving!
This is wrong for Arizona. I used to believe in you.

@JeffFlake Takes a Turn To the #Right http://bit.ly/2uY09bQ  #Arizona #HealthcareBill
This is what courage looks like:
They aren't just threatening the laws that protect us. They're threatening the very idea that we are all worthy of protection. 
#repeal

"I did it. And GOP doesn't care." 
Aiding foreign enemy psych. propaganda program attack against US = overt act of treason. Several Case law rulings (radio broadcasts).
You are also despicable.  Have you NO SHAME? NO CONSCIENCE???

This is a horrible idea for health care :(
You wouldn't meet w/russians for info, but you won't say anything regarding trump jr? You might as well praise him for his trend setting.
freedom to be priced out of decent insurance. I'm a constituent and you're the worst!!!! #shameonyou
Shit sandwich.
You continue to ignore the pleas of your constituents to leave our healthcare alone. Fix the ACA, but quit trying to pander to insurance cos
Oh is that what millions losing insurance is now being called.  Great marketing!
Vote NO on this atrocious bill!
BCRA still guts Medicaid. Unacceptable. And cheap insurance that doesn't cover health care is bad for AZans, bad for AZ economy.
#NoFlake2018
please do not vote for the senate heath care bill. you are better then this
Putting sprinkles on dogshit to replace bullshit. Options don't matter when you can patent and charge whatever you want. Price controls plz.
I'm in 85255 and I want you to vote NO.
Come out of that dug out you are hiding in and get real. You hide every time you have the opportunity to act on behalf of others.
Health care dummy??????
So people get to buy insurance that covers nothing so that everyone else has to foot the bill when they get sick.

Please vote no. I'm not your constituent but your vote will affect my child who has DS and will rely on Medicaid as she becomes an adult.
Freedom for the Senate to keep Essential Health Benefits by screw America. In 2018 both parties will pay you back. Ur a Fake Christian.
It must be affordable, Jeff, w/no lifetime caps or pre-existing condition exclusion. High-risk pools are akin to death pools Don't be fooled
Vote yea on #BCRA and we will vote you out in 2018. Guaranteed.

NO to #AHCA and the devastation it would cause millions of #American #families . Give us YOUR #healthinsurance ! #MedicareForAll #Resist
Consumer Freedom. How cute, the ins companies can agree to pay if a zombie bites you, but, other than that pay a lot/ get nothing  VoteNo
You need to vote NO!!!! #trumpcare #medicaid
Also employers will be able to offer stripped down coverage for employees. Auto ins. Is required w minimums what not health insurance.
Sen Flake. You & this issue is final straw, as I will likely switch my party affiliation from R to D. Enough already.
Highly doubt he cares
You and Cruz are despicable.
We are the people that put you in office.  NO to AHCA!
You wrote that wrong. It's Consumers Free To Be Screwed Amendment.
VOTE NO to wealthcare and nocuts to Medicaid and defunding of Planned Parenthood. We are waiting to hear from you.
Im going to have to check the quarterly SEC filing 2 see any healthcare stocks u have bought and traded.
Repeal and replace Obummercare
Vote no on healthcare bill..work with dems to fix ACA
Please vote NO on the ACA repeal bill.  It is NOT right for Americans. Please do the right thing !!!  VOTE NO  #VoteNoBCRA
Here's a quote 4 u 2 think abt "name any country in the world where free market healthcare has been a success?"
Revoke Jared Kushner security clearance!
I am your constituent. You must say no to this. Let your soul speak, if you have one. Read these tweets and realize where you stand with us.
Freedom means insurance companies have the freedom to not insure you.
It keeps getting worse. You cannot support this and expect to be reelected.
Hitching your wagon to Ted Cruz's star is certainly fulfilling your tenure of squandering opportunities to lead. What a waste of a Senator.
Kicking millions off healthcare WILL hurt healthcare employment! No insurance less patients will come in and ER will be backed up again.
Are you awake what about healthcare our insurance has inreased $12k in 2 years
We love are retirement communities.Don't damage their quality for the rich. Our state depends on them and the snowbirds.
I hope you are reading these comments.  Did you sell your soul to the Koch brothers just to get reelected.
Remember..you will be know for your deeds.  Listen to the people and vote No on this bill!
This is not "freedom," this is a catastrophe.  Junk plans mean no coverage, good plan high $. Vote NO!  @Arizona_Strong @indivisibleAZ
Letting insurance companies raise prices X5 for the elderly is going to cut life short for a lot of our retired az citizens. Vote No!!!
Where does a free mkt health insurance work for all? Buying junk insurance won't help when ppl get sick @jeffflake
The latest version of #Trumpcare is here and it's just as bad as all the other ones. 
We need Medicare for all! If ya can't do that fix ACA.Make it better then ever.Don't hurt the middle class to help the Rich get richer!
So Chemotherapy & pregnancy are covered? What about mental health? Putting ppl with PE in higher pool drives up costs. @deedra2018
You have chosen to support this bill which will destroy my family. I have no other words for you.
Vote No!We have a lot of elderly folks in our state that depend on affordable H insurance to survive.Even tho they drive slow we love them!
Once again, shouldn't we have a pilot program and apply the AHCA to all members of congress first?
Great idea! @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
From 2000-2003, I had such a junk policy. With no pre-X conditions,my premiums totalled ~$14,000. The policy didn't pay out 1 cent in 3 yrs.
Country before party. AZ needs you to vote no.  Do not make people suffer to satisfy ego of politicians
Vote NO on the GOP #FAKECare.
Why the #%# do you keep tweeting. If you bothered to read the responses you would see what the majority on twitter want you to do #mormon?
#NoTrumpCare 
#HealthcareBill 
You are not listening to your constituency.  We will remember that in 2018.  Reject Trumpcare.
