At this time there is no rule that allows people to "opt out". Everytime you toss that option out you are being dishonest.
thoughts? Comments?
He's a cheap date. Only $36,500. Flake's a tramp.
Or it's just hanging out his shingle. Letting lobbyists know he's open for business.
Good point
@johnmccain @cnn @jakeatpper @adamschiff   You traitor - we saw how much all of U got paid for this. The isp's paid you all a pretty penny.
You all are shameful. Why don't U let the people decide about their security. You all do everything behind our backs. Well buddy, you r out
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Flake wants to strip consumers of their right to 'out-out', on whether ISPs sell our data from under us!
to opt-out... in other words, to take our choice away.
Flake:
"You can still opt out,” he said. “You can always opt out by contacting the [ISP] and saying you don't want your data to be sold."
are you effing joking??? Why don't you care about your constituents???
because corporations and businesses pay him more!
yup.
I am thrilled that there is a movement afoot to purchase the browsing history and contents of Senator Flake's internet use- 
hoisted by...
If u want 2 know what I've googled, it's "who can beat Flake 2018" "how much does @club4growth pay Flake" & "what's a townhall"
Sounds fishy. Maybe you could hold a real townhall and explain the next steps.
Another reason to vote you out. Thank's for looking out for the little guy.
Campaign donations $10,000 Verizon, $6,000 AT&T, $4,000 Century Link, $2,000 T-Mobile, and $1,000 Cox.
I'm looking forward to reminding voters how you sold us out and I'm also looking forward to buying your private information .
so how much did the internet providers pay you to reverse this rule? I want to know what the going rate of a US Senator is now.
McConnell got $250,000; McCain got $84,000. I will try to give you the link, it may be too long, see next box.
So this was all about you making $27,955.00! My privacy is worth much more than that. Can't wait to vote you out!
Please explain to me how regulations on broadband providers selling our information is something we need protection from
I am yet to see one person okay with this.Dear God, You don't when try to hide how corrupt You have become.
So you sold all of our privacy for $25,000?  You people have stopped even pretending you're doing this job for us.
We all know that you accepted large donations from several ISPs. Stop pretending that what you do is in the interest of your constituents.
Posted link to find out how much our senators got paid.
this bill was not in the interest of consumers. One of your most disgusting votes ever. Even worse was you were sponsor...
Can't wait to purchase your internet browsing history. Thanks for accepting $29k for introducing this bill.
Do not agree with your bill - we are overrun with telemarketing today!  #Privacy I vote!!
This helps corporations make $ on our privacy. Just tell the truth.This is not for we the people.If your supporters fall for this,well...
Can't thank you enough for letting ISPs charge us for service then sell our info. I'm going to be first in line to bid on your cookies!
I call BS!
Way to whore out our Internet privacy to he highest bidder! There is no requirement for ISP to allow "opt out." #Shame
I posted the link to find out. hope it works. view on this site
When are you holding a townhall so you can be confronted regarding this bill? Sell out.
That's the cost of a senator today,Campaign contribution to Jeff flake $27995
hey least popular member of the Senate, why did you pimp me out to my ISP?
This is fake outrage.  By repealing this, all of our data can be sold by our ISPs, including our browser histories!  Who bribed?
shame on you. As a life long Arizonan I am truly embarrassed. You are not innocent @SenJohnMcCain but your are clueless re tech
You're really living up to your name, aren't you .@JeffFlake? #whitehouse #privacyapparentlydoesntmatter #politics #internet
Vote Jeff out! Vote Jeff out! He sold us out for our internet data bc he got paid off by major corporations.
which internet provider is in your pocket? is your campaign buying search histories from constituents? #fcc @YourAnonNews
The internet does not have an "ecosystem." Our #publiclands  do, however. I hope you are protecting those ecosystems.
I still don't agree with this legislation.  Why haven't you held a town hall?  Scared to face your constituents?
this is a corporation friendly maneuver, no protection for the consumer. A new way to put $$ in pockets of the wealthy, shameful
Repeal a regulation that restricts the broadband companies from using OUR data to be sold to third party companies is plain wrong
I'm going to buy your browsing data, and that of your family, friends, and constituents.
Everyone on the internet (bots included) now hate you.
- Someone should purchase all the browsing, search, & internet traffic of #JeffFlake & his whole family & staff. And release it.
not going over so well back home #Arizona
Why do you think that this is okay?!? You care NOTHING about your constituents or Americans. 2018 can't come soon enough. Bye!!
Is it worth pointing out that everything you wrote is a lie?
disgraceful.  you've lost fans on this one
I can't wait to get my hands on Flake's browser history now.
My G-d, what a horrible thing you have done. Listen to your constituents. You do not work for you! It is appalling.
Great work! Now ISP's can sell Trump's searches and make $$ & we can see what he looks at. Wonder if you even thought about it!
ifur mailbox is full pls hire a secretary or forward it to he/she to keep u posted on the issues! I don't know who is ur audience
I'm not in favor of repealing the FCC: consumer privacy/ broadband regulation!
you, @marcorubio & the other 48 clowns who chose corp campaign contributions over individual rights are sad, greedy puppets.
welp, if people weren't organizing against you before, they certainly are now
I am DEEPLY disappointed that you were willing to sacrifice our citizen internet privacy for business interests. Disappointed.
agree.
this is a terrible bill
you care nothing for common consumers
I do NOT support this repeal - anymore than I support you BLINDLY following the Republican & 45's policies and platforms.
People choose to use google or Facebook. ISP is a vendor that #1 we PAY & #2 may have a monopoly on a service area. #fcc #privacy
YOU need to be repealed! Hold an in person town hall and we'll discuss it.
Try reading your own site's PRIVACY policy!
https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2017/03/republicans-congress-are-disregarding-their-own-privacy-policies …
#BroadbandPrivacy #Idiot
U rushed a resolution through the Senate to repeal landmark privacy protections enacted by the Federal Communications Commission!
your wrong! And your family will be effected too !
SJRES34 is a betrayal of American rights and values. You are putting the data we refuse to allow the NSA to collect up for sale.
this is a horrible breach of privacy. You need to explain yourself.
support FLAKE &STOP bill to expose our internet accounts
Shame on you for selling out our right to privacy in exchange for cash! #Broadbandprivacy #sellout #replaceFlake2018
Your main "justification" are 'POTENTIALS to limit, or stifle.. ",' & HYPOTHETICALS' vs really allowing SALE OF PRIVATE DETAILS?
thanks for not caring about the American people. We really appreciate it you sell out.
Best way to explain this would be to hold a town wall meeting. When?
now the service providers can sell our search history without our knowledge if this gets approved.  You don't care about AZ
100% lies! Repealing FCC rules allow Comcast, Verizon 2 redirect search queries so we buy what they want/sell. LESS FREEDOM 4 PPL
This only shows your real interest is in letting corporations screw over us for the benifit of their profits.  Sad! >Two years!
So you want ISPs to collect and sell data on your grandchildren? Really creepy. This isn't about innovation, it's about greed.
why in Gods name would you vote to have Americans privacy online taken away??? Shameful! Will never get my vote again!
This is yet another giveaway to the Corporate Oligarchs - against what the people want - Are you paid or unpaid?
This may help
Keep giving us reasons to show you the door next year.
I'd ask Gorsuch who owns data- me the creator or the FCC regulated near-monopoly who is merely a tube for my data...
Fishing?
And there is some perspective for the Senator on how voters, citizens and buyers of services see his representation and the $$$ @JeffFlake
THIS:"privacy regulations prohibiting them from selling customers' webbrowsing histories and other data without their permission"
You mean the kill Internet privacy resolution
removes protections for consumers pricing/data/ownership
USA is far from the top esp in rural areas like SNOWFLAKE- few choices
Thanks for screwing consumers so some hedge fund manager can make an extra million or 2 that he doesn't even have to pay tax on.
traitor...corporate owned hack...your number is up and coming...
#arizona is not voting for you in 2018.
Remember, that internet privacy currently protects you. If your repeal goes through, you will no longer be protected by the FCC
Sir, this was yet another wrong call. You're up for re-election next year and I will not be voting to re-elect you.
what is your position on the healthcare bill??
Now Mr Flake, we will begin tracking your relationship with internet providers to insure that you receive no gain from your bill.
.@JeffFlake  yup I fail to see how this is a pro for consumers, so again I'll ask you. How much are cable companies like @CoxComm paying you
A graph is posted earlier in thread. I'll see if I can find it
This is what's important to you. Ensuring ISPS collection of just app data?   There's a special place in hell for you monster.
S. J. RES. 34 will allow anyone to buy your internet history, I wonder what sort of odd websites you visit Mr.Flake...
how much have you been paid to push these ? It's clearly anti-consummer with no regards to your constituents rights.

Should have figured you would sell out your constituents to corporate interest! #NoFlake2018
could you maybe do your job by voting yes for things that actually HELP the state of AZ and our country?
How does this help your constituents? That's right; it doesn't. #CorporateSellout
Jeff, once again you choose party line.What gave you the right to auction our browsing records?Stay out of it,or get a warrant.
You just chose private business interests over privacy and you know it. Guess that's what happens when corporations are people.
Why are people freaking out about this internet policy thing? Can you guys issue a statement to clarify?
It gives your Internet provider right to sell your browsing history w/o your consent.
Really fighting for your constituents
This prevents FCC from EVER prohibiting ISPs to sell my data without my permission? Who do you think you are?
How much did you get to pass this POS bill? My ISP doesn't do and won't, but many have only one option! GOP sucks
Wow is this clown for real? This is an actual senator?

bet u'd pimp ur ma out 4 a dime. Ur bills goin 2 cost u alot more when u have 2 pay alimony after ur wife buys ur search history!
to profit off of our privacy, would you rather take $ from a horse size ISP or a hundred ISP size horses?
This does nothing but hurt your constituents. Why do we pay for service and providers get to turn around and make money from our data?
this bill is an absolute slap in the face to consumers & a gift for ISP's. Such a shame that you sold out to the lobbyists
I can't wait to buy YOUR internet browser history. Lemme guess, lots of gay porn.
YOU ARE A JOKE OF A SENATOR
Again, corporate interests favored over the general welfare & interests of citizens--from a senator who won't face constituents
Are you acting in the best interest of Americans & our Constitutionally guaranteed right to privacy or for corporate donors?
You disappoint me. Stand by to be voted out over this madness.
.@JeffFlake This bill is to **ALLOW** companies to *SELL* your online/browser PRIVATE information. It's FOR PROFIT for the ISP Lobbyists...
.@JeffFlake 

LOL! Another @GOP Republican f*cking over the *People* for the *Big Business People* they really work for and/or profit from.
this is a joke. You're a joke. Why on earth would you think it's ok for ISPs to sell customer info to third-parties?
please make the deal. We are all stressed about healthcare. Support the president and get it done. Lock the doors and get it done
trumpski and flakeski. Bed fellows.  Bent on destruction of America
thanks again for putting the interest of corporations 1st. You'll soon be spending lots of time browsing the internet from home.
Get on the right side or get out of office! you and McCain both!
boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I hope you found my faxes on this subject educational.
awful
- start planning for a new job Flake...you are fired. #shameful
Why, Sen. Flake? Consumers are already squeezed enough. Why can't you let ISPs find better ways to INNOVATE instead of this????
You sold out the privacy of millions of Americans. This will not be forgotten.
#FlaketheSnake
You are one evil man!
Protecting consumers by letting companies sell our information?You're either an idiot or evil enough to lie to constituents faces
How exactly does this protect consumers? Be specific.
See you in 2018.
. So when can we buy your web browing history?
tweet of the day! :-)  count me in.
and yet they now have the freedom to sell my browsing history. You are the most pathetic liar I have never met.
disappointed again.
No amount of money should be worth invading the privacy of 319 million people (at least to a decent human being).
not only does my isp make $90 a month off me in a monopoly for Internet they get to sell my browser history #sellout
voting you out!
#NoFlake2018
so internet providers can or can't sell my data? Cause seems like they can now. You are a great senator for corporations!
Your proposal is ANTI CONSUMER... ANTI PRIVACY... ANTI AMERICAN.
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?type=C&cid=N00009573&newMem=N&cycle=2016 …
I followed you Jeffie Flake... http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/wk7XN …
You're a tool. The difference between google and Verizon is that I PAY Verizon to keep my info safe.  #FlaketheSnake
what's funny is I elected you to do the same. Whoops.
I just asked you a question!
You sold our privacy?
thanks for letting big internet companies spy on us regular folks
.@JeffFlake Hope it's YOUR personal information that is misused 1st. Republicans can't seem to do anything right for the people. What gives?
You are supposed to represent me senator @JeffFlake. How dare u take away my privacy for profit? Do u have any scruples when it comes to $?
Did you speak to ordinary citizens or just the big business interests you represent?  I can't imagine a consumer being for this.
Bad for consumers and small business. Bold move against your constituents for a man who only won by 3%.  #FlakeIsBoughAndPaidFor
Please point to the laws or refs that require telecom providers to protect my privacy now with your resolution? What about leaks?
congratulations on whoring yourself out for campaign contributions at the expense of private citizens. Why rep individuals.
I hope you know you represent your constituents not business interests in DC.  How does this CRA help US citizens specifically?
how in the world is invading our privacy consumer friendly? you are disgusting
You have to be the most ignorant person in the US to have the gumption to take away individual rights to a person's privacy. 
