I won't support anything that impacts wildlife, communities, or seems to target any ethnicity unfairly. I wouldn't mine a drone wall though.
How about no wall but deport all criminal aliens and end birth right citizen ship and national everify and voter id? Would you support that?
How about path to citizenship, birthright citizenship, &national ID. Why deport them when  we can make them American Citizens and get taxes?
You have to deport. Trust me, I know my people.
Deport violent criminals. Keep the rest and have them pay the taxes that deport the violent criminals. I know my people (americans).
How about, they can stay but are required to speak English, and congress officially makes country language English?
Because we're probably within 10 years of spoken language being a non-issue technologically speaking? English is rather bad linguistically.
Spanish is easy but we need one common language for unity. Tellin ya, many illegals here don't view this as America. Bad for America
The wall is the biggest waste of tax payer money to satisfy the POTUS train outside the cost of his Secret Service detail for kids & 3 wives
Wrong
If a wall would cut the costs in half, just the savings pays for the wall!!
Your spreading total BS come here where we see it daily.
Lo constrúye!!!!!! La Pared sera un gran Pared!!!!! #MAGA
They don't care about immigrants. They just want power. Amnesty will kill conservatives for a generation. Flake has brain damage
Trump is brain damaged he puts it on display us in Arizona are more than thankful for Flake and McCain to represent us
If you cared about securing the border, why haven't you done anything to do that in the last 10 years? Because you don't actually care
We R waiting FLAKE! Everybody in AZ is talking about how you favor illegals over Americans. The more they hear, the more they are disgusted.
You don't even care about securing the border since you are pro amnesty. That will encourage more illegal immigration @LarrySchweikart
We need enforcement across board:

Wall
Everify
National Voter ID
Visa Overstays
End Birthright citizenship or change with times
If the borders had been protected the last 8 yrs our desire for a wall might be nonexistent You left the borders open to everything everyone
Here's just 1 thought: Build it
I didn't disagree I was reinforcing to build it. Even brick and mortar will need to be supplemented by other forms of security.
You don't even live along this border! Do you want a Canadian fence too?
You don't think what happens on the border has an effect nationwide? The more you know.
But they are! War makes money
Will give all my time and money to toss you. Saving for trips now, will be using my  vacation time to come to Arizona and send you packing.
I agree with your assessment of Sen Flake.He and McCain do not support our president. Rhinos need to go!
#ReplaceTheFlake
You need to support our President Trump or run as a democrat next time
No we need a wall. Don't want wall: here a compromise: repeal birthright citizenship (anchor babies), deport illegals, national voter id
YEA BUILD IT ! QUIT WORKING WITH  DEMS ! EORK WI TH TRUMP ! IT'S YOUR JOB !
I disagree. President Trump's way is the only MAGA way.
BUILD THE WALL OR YOU WILL BE FIRED..
@POTUS never asked for bricks-and-mortar he just wants a border to be secured by whatever means
That is a start. Now fix the SLOW technical process that is delaying actual immigrants from LEGAL admission/which should be >effective,fast!
Because of your failure to protect your constituency your numbers have plummeted, hoping you are unseated, for failure to represent us.
You should back our President or leave the party.
Dude- we do not want to increase the surveillance state.  Just build the wall- signed your constituents. @kelliwardaz is for real btw.
he's my thoughts on border wall, he ran on it, got elected on it, now build it
He ran on Mexico paying for it, not taxpayers
when you have a hole in your roof and its raining do you put a bucket under it or fight about who is going to pay to fix the roof
A promise is a promise. Not half of a promise.
did you promise to pay off your house, is it payed off yet? get the wall going and we can fight with Mexico later
I like the Solar Panel idea, with razor wire on top ! One of President Trumps ideas. Get on board Jeff or quite the Senate.
Unless your thoughts are how to get the concrete and steel down there, we don't need to hear from you. You're senate seat is short lived.
#Buildit #Wall #Maga
Greatest WASTE of taxpayer dollars!  Will not work!
Republicans have NO intentions on a WALL. They like cheap labor. Looks like both the GOP and Democrats still support #SlaveLabor
They've always loved slave labor. Why do you think the private prison system was established Prisoners work in government offices for no pay
Build the wall. Tired of you in the senate not doing your job.
Trump is a criminal and a bully. We need to take the right approach whether he likes it or not. I'm with you.
And why is that? What did Trump do that affected you?
Keep fighting Jeff
We do not want or need a wall! We will not pay for a wall.
Yes, we do, and yes, we will.
Ok, you want it and you will pay?
We will all pay and we will all enjoy its protection.
Nope, not all.
Liberals are no longer in charge, and not longer get to leave our country unprotected; I believe the wall will happen.
I respect your opinion but I don't believe the wall will ever happenNot being mean but I don't believe Trump will be in charge must longer.
I have heard that sentiment, bt if libs were 2 attempt 2 remove the Prez, merely bc they don't 'like' him, chaos will ensue. He was elected.
U have houseW/exterior walls&doors 2protect ur home? If u do ur a hypocrite, shutup & VOTE 4 IT !!! @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @POTUS
Pretty clear you are giving the dreamers everything free while hard working AMERICANS have to go in debt to educate kids.sure hope U lose
New tech and a wall works great. Just get it done. The wall will pay for itself in a few years. These stats are old. It's a lot more now!
You can't lie your way out of the truth!
It will be built where it's needed. #GangOf8 Flake you are toast. YOU lost Trump voters. Can't win.

Hey @kelliwardaz @LarrySchweikart Get a load of this guy. Here is he trying to rationalize him putting illegals before Americans!
If it were up to me I'd run D10 dozers day and night and channelize the border from Tijuana CA to Brownsville TX
One big fucking moat
"It would flood border communities on the Mexican side." At least something would be flooding that way for once.
I don't get why he favors illegals more than Americans
What's the cost?

These are not accurate numbers. Try again.
Please. I'm Mexican. American. The easiest way to get on welfare here in SoCal is to pop out an anchor baby.
Your to late time for a real lady to do what you was unable to

Physical wall = logistical liablity; eating at tax revenue just as we need to pay down Gvt debt, or forever continue to raise debt ceiling
Distorted view of WALL. what is all? ..a barrier!!! Can be many varieties. Stop looking at 2020. How is book deal going?
Secure Fence Act was lame.  Congress took 1.4B to erect a "fence"  R U kidding?  School kids defeat!  Build a serious wall and protect us!
Final answer BUILD IT already!!
For YEARS !! You are worthless if you need to TAKE years to solve a problem I don't live in your state but will DONATE to Dr.Kelli WARD.
LIAR !!! you have been weak on the border and in 2018 we the people will put you out of office


years and years...Trump gets in---man of action...you obstruct!!!
@jeffflake Arizona's open border senator. We're getting rid of you soon!!!
Go away you R ruining Arizona. That is what RepubliCON ARTIST do.  YR 6 years of lying. Enough go away
We are not that stupid Flake.  Fence=pol speak no sustained enforcement.
#JeffFake
No one cares about your thoughts on the border wall
We want action from you we're sick of your words!
Working on it for years! Typical get nothing done Senator. What a joke you are. It is amazing how now u talk and never spoke about Obama!
No one cares unless you vote like you where elected to.
In reality, you have not finished financing the Secure Fence Act of 2006. Congress job to finance all laws passed. No excuse for 11yr wait.
Yea and you haven't done a Dam thing for years, Sedition and treason why not sk Soros Dk a Little harder with your buddy McCain the traitor
Thx Jeff, your thoughts are always worthy of consideration whether or not I agree with you (agree on this issue wholeheartedly-right 4 AZ).
A wall does nothing if policies and cultural dynamics are not addressed. The U.S. loves cheap labor and drugs
Just build the damn wall. The liberals can then move to Mexico, since Canada doesn't want illegals.
You ought to be ashamed
If @realDonaldTrump wanted more than a big wall w/his name on it, he'd stop hurling insults & work w/Flake on:
Lololol, key point here "working on it for years ". .. say um about 30 .. doofus
@TeamCavuto YRU passing on fake news that's already been debunked about 6am? What's going on with Fox? Dr. Gorka's resig quotes on Twitter.
@JeffFlake You think Trump the builder & @POTUS doesn't  know all this already? Just grand standing. Repeal 17A 2 get statesmen again.
Dr. Kelli Ward will be tougher on AZ borders and crime than Jeff Flake so vote for her for US Senate
You are such a hypocrite. You voted to fund a wall when you thought it wouldn't happen, just like your repeal& replce votes. Pure hypocrisy!
Keep being a voice of honest reason. Never have we needed you more, Senator.

Humans cannot be kept out by a wall of any kind. Hell, deer (or rabbits)  can't be kept out. It's futile.
Crops dying in fields. Nice job.
I buried fencing and tied it to the fencing around my garden. The whistle pig laughed in my face. Ate everything.
Nobody gives a crap what lies u tell. Cuz youll be out by 2018.
So, you're pro-wall, got it.

How about an immigration policy, not a wall?
How about both
How about there already is an immigration policy. Sanctuary cities are one of the entities violating it.
The problem - all you & McCain ever do is think about it. It's clear after all these years of waiting that thinking is all you intend to do.
You should build the wall out of @HillaryClinton emails, since no one can get over them! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump speaks like a CEO... in terms of goals, not specifics. That's understood. What people are tired of is nothing being done.
I don't necessarily support Flake but I agree with the link and understood from the beginning that the wall was metaphorical...
Meet your replacement @JeffFlake
Dump The Flake
I found your thoughts to be honest & intelligent.  Concern is w/ billions on a ineffective wall.  Good luck w/ dumb Donald.
NO BORDER WALL!  ESPECIALLY " YOU" KNOW IT WON'T WORK! Why are you supporting it?
Because it DOES work! #BuildTheWall
Ya... BUILD IT ALREADY!
Built correctly a brick and mortar wall is way better than a fence
Your very practical statement is encouraging. 21st Century Technology is solution. Brick Wall is so last century, tight where you find #45.
Do you know how insignificant you are as a senator? Your already gone NeverTrumper
hope you have no one with a mind believes anyone around the world can just walk in and we just bow down and give them what ever.
#BuildTheWalll #Flake
No, you had your time "working" on border security.  You did a bad job.  Build the wall.  If it doesn't work, you can say you told us so.
BUILD THAT WALL ! Quit being weak on border security!
NO!  Nothing but a huge waste of $$$$$$......you can't honestly believe a wall is going to stop anyone, seriously, lmao!
You'll be out on your ass next election if you don't get on board with a border wall! People are sick of DO NOTHING politicians!
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
Build the wall !
If itbfloods boarder towns on Mexico side ! Tell Mexico that WATER RUNS DOWN HILLS!! Not our problem! They can put a drainage Ditch !
If your ideas are so much better, why is the border less porous under Trump? Let him decide what tools he needs!! You wanted amnesty!!!
Did you tear down your wall yet?
Get out of Trumps way & put one up!  Yay Sheriff Joe!
Flake, lead, follow or get out of the way!
Build it !
We the people don't want your thoughtwe demand that wall be built! You are pathetic, its actually laughable because you are not a winner
Build it, hey Jeff if you have a construction background you might even get a job building it after @kelliwardaz takes your seat. Buh Bye
Considered asking any professionals? The wall Bill Clinton built in CA seams to work. Not?
Just resign.. those are the thoughts of the American people....
I applaud you for your reason and thinking of things in shades of gray. The world is not black and white and we shouldn't pretend otherwise
As a Dem, I can work with this!
Not surprised. Just more jackassery from a RINO Pussy. The sooner your gone the better. This is the Flake monument
It's not your job to construct the wall.  It's your job to approve the funds for the wall.
Adios
Its over no one cares what you have to say
looks like your base is jumping ship. Just as well do the RIGHT thing. No wall
I'm sure we'd all enjoy your thoughts on being a Lame Duck....
We want an actual wall... so nice try but 
I don't understand--isn't Mexico paying for the wall?
If you won't fight to have a border wall built we all know @kelliwardaz will when she takes your seat in 2018
@SavannahAngel25
@KathyPica1
@JeffFlake  Should Stop the Double Talk
Flake you are NOT Smarter than POTUS
Support POTUS or be GONE
SwampCrap
I heard that there needs to be a wall built between You and children. Any comment?
BUILD IT
Why don't you all just get something done anything ,you all made damm sure you got your justice the rest is being blocked on purpose.
so in other words, Obama helped to secure the border. Tell the misinformed public
Illegal imm down 70% since Trump. Donors don't want their D.C. puppets 2 secure the boarder.We don't trust u or the next dem prez to enforce
#BuildTheWall
I do not support a solid wall. It will give a false sense of 'security'.
But its a start...
The problem Flake is that everybody has their own ideas. We have a President elected to make decisions. Lead, follow, or get out of the way!
Reasonable words.
Build the wall & work together with Trump to fulfill his promises to American people! Help stop criminal illegal, MS-13 gangs & drugs!
No border wall especially if the American people have to pay it with our tax dollars. Imoeachyhf SOB. He's anti-American.
I meant impeach the SOB.
Anti-American to keep non-Americans out? Please, explain. #Libtard much?
Your THOUGHTS no longer interest me. I'll be sending money to Ward
Ever been to Mexico? All the people have walls around their homes.
give it up you lost and Kelli is winning.No more republicans that don't support the president.
Support our President




Too smart
Sadly Trump supporting cousin BELIEVES 
Israel wall pics exist at Mex southern border despite obvious terrain diff
due to RWM lies
Before @realDonaldTrump builds the wall make sure you're ass is on the other side.
You're toast Flake
We need the wall because Trump will not always be president and one day an open border president maybe.A wall will last longer than policies
Walls are not the solution. I learned this in #1989... you should too
They are for other countries
They work.
The billions Trump wants for his wall would be better spent on infrastructure which would create jobs.
A wall is infrastructure and will create jobs
A YUGE waste of money.
Get the wall built, stop the drugs, illegals and hopefully terrorists that are flowing into this country. And support the president's agenda
Yep and all that "work" aka talking, has accomplished Nothing.  Blaming the DEMs doesn't sell any longer.  Build the Wall, Save your JOB.
Support our President
Hello. We have been trying to get a wall built forever It is always the politicians that stop it. Drugs up Guns down & they make Moola$$$
#jeffflake2020
NO BORDER WALL SENATOR FLAKE. NO WAY NO HOW. You know we already have a huge sophisticated FENCE worth millions. We are finished. NO MORE.
You are wrong.. we do not all agree.  Secure borders is one thing, a wall is a completely different thing! Shame on you.
And the next president can do what Obama did and have BP stand down
Really? Don't think so!!
I don't care what he wrote...I heard his words....total RINO!!!!!
Thanks. Most thoughtful explanation I've heard. A brick and mortar wall is really only valuable symbolically and politically.
Love this. Gang of 8 plan never got serious look from GOP House. Dem House in 2018 will pass real immigration reform/border security.
Dem immigration reform = amnesty. #FuckNo
Build the damn thing!!!!!!!  RINO
A man from TN called Kelly Ward to
Volunteer phone bank hours and donate
. Just bcause you attacked Trump
You will be primaried liberal
Flake is a fake Republican. He needs to run under the Democratic ticket or the Judas ticket
We all agree you need to resign you were elected to protect Americans not invaders
More now cross into Mex than come from. Wall is answer to a non-problem!
After my exper with u & your office, I have had "For Trump NEVER Flake" t-shirts made up for your 2018 run. Don't need more fake politicians
At this point your thoughts mean nothing you're posturing for 2020. I called your office 4 advice; direction I was told I was insignificant.
Build the wall.
No amnesty unless thorough voter ID checks are implemented in every state, including CA. No voter ID w/O birth certificate or equivalent,
I will donate to whomever your Primary competition may be unless you recognize that Trump is a legitimately elected President,.
Immigration is a symptom not whole problem-Ther is economic opp in help 2 resolv influx of immigrant-create industry & immigrants stay home.
What a stupid waste of money
LOL, your done
Agree.  My concern is with the animals and their loss of access to water. Good fences make good neighbors.
My thoughts....build it!
It’s really simple, do something
Vote YES on Impeachment.
No one cares what a looser has to say on his way out. To late know to try and change flip floper.
Wow! Breaking News...Jeff Flake had a thought!  Go back to Snowflake you are history #nomoreFlake @SenateGOP @AZGOP
And what is the solution for funding for construction and increased patrols? This piece seems to be missing a large  component of the debate
At this point, the border wall is also symbolic. It's a big NO to illegal immigration, human trafficking, & rampant drug problems. #MAGA
Idiots in GOP are gonna realize that Trump's GOP is OUR PARTY! NO RINOS NO DEMS 2018! #trumptrain #maga #foxnews #thefive #dobbs #harvey2017
