Jeff Flake has faught to make Arizona a Sanctuary Satae and fund the Citoes who assist in illegals taking American Jobs keeping wages dwn


A Vote for Jeff Flake is a Vote for Santuary Cities Liberal Agenda's Corruption at the Voting Booths pushing Gay sex on our Children plus>

Have prez in oval now who'll pretty much sign what Senate sends him. Send him new tax law,immigration law which will be enforced,healthcare.
Your liberal dem followers seem pleased you went to the Water Law Conference...congratulations!
That's great, did you launch any verbal attacks on our president while you were there?
How will GOP explain having a guy in oval who would sign what Senate sends him, but Senate sent him nothing? Good luck if that becomes case.
You cannot repeal the ACA, pass tax reform or help build the wall. You can spend time on water issues.  Sad

jeff Flake is just another Corrpt RINO that needs to be Replaced..we must replace the Flakes in Government ..
Vote this RINO out!!
Do u know of what u speak or is more political palaver?
Go #KelliWard !
LOSER
I admire the fact you are actually about the constant and demanding business of governing. Keep up the great service. We believe in you.
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
By next election cycle it won't make much difference what you think. #SayonaraJeffFlake VOTE KELLY WARD @kelliwardaz
http://www.beliefnet.com/columnists/watchwomanonthewall/2011/04/the-45-communist-goals-as-read-into-the-congressional-record-1963.html#c2BSgvfocxvOsO7L.99 …

Wow!!!!!!
Flake the true Democrat

Can't wait to see Dr. Kelli Ward addressing them next year.
Top Hillary Adviser Reveals #TPP ‘Absolutely’ Big Factor in Loss - Breitbart News
You should resign so the hard working Arizona conservatives who put you in office can get the representation they deserve!
@JeffFlake ...hhmmmm like to see you discuss any subject without lies.  You are funny to think you matter.  2018?  Let's discuss that!
http://www.beliefnet.com/columnists/watchwomanonthewall/2011/04/the-45-communist-goals-as-read-into-the-congressional-record-1963.html#c2BSgvfocxvOsO7L.99 …
Hope the vote you out. Your days are numbered. Traitor. #MAGA
Why don't you come out and admit you're a liberal
The wall no brainer, get Congress and POTUS in future back off border funding back to where we were! 1x $20b compared $100b yr is good ROI
You getting along with @realDonaldTrump?
Pence knew! #crooksandliars #lockhimup #ImpeachTrumpNow
A Congressman sent this letter 11/18/16 to Mike Pence alerting him that Mike Flynn was a paid Russian agent. Pence knew & lied. #PenceResign 
@reaganbattalion endorse you but they are connected to a pedo https://mobile.nytimes.com/2012/12/11/nyregion/hasidic-man-found-guilty-of-sexual-abuse.html … ????
Too bad you will lose your seat, oh maybe not too bad #maga
Federal water pro. That's were you want to make a deal for $  you need to back our president build the wall
That's Great... You'll have plenty of free time to ponder your navel soon...
You're toast!
Huh, you're at 18% approval rating. That Trump bashing really didn't pan out for you did it!?
I am glad somebody is concerned because soon only the wealthy will be able to afford water.  It is already rare.
Is time to send this clown home
Vote Kalli ward
You are liar and traitor.  I and no one I know will vote for you
Senator, I don't agree with many of your policies, but find you to be an honorable man.
Enjoy these meetings while you can. You'll be looking for a new job next year.
I'm reading "Conscience of a Conservative". I'm libertarian and you make many excellent points in favor of the free market. Hayek was genius


Flake is a RINO. He defines jackassery every time he opens his mouth.
Should b discussing the primary @JeffFlake . This ain't FLAKENEWS. Vote @kelliwardaz and let's dump the Flake.
Make sure you are useing your money for all.this worthless trips. It is not in the people of AZ INTRESS.
I'm a fan ,but extremely disappointed in your Hearing to shrink the jurisdiction of the 9th Circuit so it only serves Blue States.UnAmerican

Why don't you put a bill up that demands a minimum 75 years if convicted of crossing border with drugs
Who would pay to incarcerate the criminal? Not Mexico.  Note who's not paying for the wall lol
RESIGN
You better start backing our president or you will be out of office and republicans like me who don't live in your state will send money
Vote Kelli Ward #MAGA 
Vote #ChemitrailKelli and send a Dem to the Senate!
Did you have members of the Navajo nation??
Jefff Flake was the first GOP who was brave enough to stand up to Trump
That's the problem.  We don't want him to stand up to Trump.  Get in line.  Wall up, taxes down! Make America Great Again!
To bad you are a never trumper, you will be gone I hope.  Another obstructionist gone...
Take a break....it will do no good you are gone...#nomoreFlake
Make AMERICA Great AGAIN rocks and your done foolio
Why do all these people need to discuss water? It should be potable.#simple #WaterIsLife #pollutionisbadmkay
Keep doing your job well. MANY Americans are on your side!
Including me from Texas
Water law. You can't figure out that a book proclaiming morals doesn't cross match you voting for POTUS. Your judgement is lame and maimed
I do hope you won't be supporting trump after that jackass ripped you and Senator McCain!
Thanks for caring about important resource.  It 's unfortunate that some constituents don't understand. They should spend time in Flint
Resign.
Jeff Its time for you to RETIRE!
THE US GOVT HAS NO RIGHT TO CONTROL WATER!!!!!!
If you bothered to listen to the Senator's remarks, he discussed his efforts to defend state and local control from fed. gov. Interference
I actually believe in more federal control in many cases, but I respect him because he's standing up to Trump, who betrayed our country.

This is what is wrong. Important issues that may not be a scandal are passed up for being boring. Clean is kinda a extremely important
Hopefully you'll have plenty of free time to address them all you want after you lose this primary
Booooo we don't like you anymore
Sure am glad you have so much time for these events but not to attend the Phoenix rally. Enjoy while you can Brutus.
Meh...enjoy it now. Soon you'll be fired.

#Harvey
Find a new career Flake
