are you joking? Have you EVER read the constitution?  From your voting records it doesn't appear so
LOLZ! Scalia is rolling in his grave! I didn't like his stance on anything, but even he would be appalled at this Travesty. 2018

fierce defender of the constitution... what you should be doing against this #shitgibbon @realDonaldTrump
I'm sure it really chafes your spurs he didn't have the good grace to wait until after the election to die. #MerrickGarland
You won't get elected to the Senate again.
Yup. Scalia was a jurist honored so highly by Repubs, they've kept his seat vacant for a whole year as memorial. #MerrickGarland

you are not one who defends his constituents. Just takin bribes at the expense of kids. Shameful.

a conservative extremist who never belonged on the Court.

we remember him just fine. Its you who apparently forgets how to uphold values.
you call your attempted dismantling of the 9th Circuit as an honoring to Scalia? He would be disgusted and offended. #Justice
all you here, follow Flake's active attempt to remove AZ from the 9th CT so he can run unfettered through Unconstitutional Land
When does the investigation into #Trump teams ties w/ #Russia They are now becoming more apparent & #WeThePeople demand the truth
you are a traitor and a coward who will never do whats right. History will remeber you as an embarassment to the US and AZ.
you're getting kicked out of your office right now. All your shit is in a cardboard box on the side of oracle and orange grove
you are a fraud. You support the destruction of our constitution. Complete hypocrite.
Surely Not :-/
We remember that #Scalia died a yr ago & you and the #GOP are the reason that his seat hasn't been filled.#SCOTUS #MerrickGarland
remember how Justice Scalia loved the constitution that you disshonor every day you support the Russian elected president.
631 days until the 2018 elections, senator. Your constituents are fuming at being ignored and this is how you spend your time?

624 days untill November 2018. #Arizona ##snowflakesvsflake #senate2018 #noflake2018
You honor him by detailing President Obama's qualified replacement that you would have voted for. New SC tainted always! #POTUS
Defend the USA.  Call for independent investigation of Flynn,Hacking and Trump.  Get his taxes.  Who owns him? China, UAE,Russia?
I disagree with any appointment that serves to perpetuate looney ideas like Cit United. $ buying elections is constitutional?
he would have hated how the GOP stole his seat and comprised the court's integrity. Shame on you #answerYourPhone #youworkforusAz
#deleteyouraccount you forgot you work for us #voteflakeout #midterms2018
you are becoming such a loser. Instead of leader you have become just another asskisser
Give us a break.  DO YOUR JOB !
how dare you mention defending constitution when GOP refused to honor constitution by blocking Garland from SCOTUS #DumpFlake
Not confident that you have the mental capacity to even recognize a good legal mind
Justice Scalia is rolling in his grave over the unconstitutional acts you have done and condoned. #Garland #FlakeisaFlake
and you can say this with what experience?
~ Michael Flynn, a fierce defender of the #Constitucion & one of the best legal national security advisors... right?
Your last name suits you! You lie! You do not represent the ppl. You can kiss your job goodbye! 
You better stop the little Nazi.
-need you in Tucson for in person town hall. Not feeling safe and wonder how the GOP will control the President from impulsivity?
Can you also recall where your office is located in Phoenix? Still waiting for response on appointment. #MissingFlake
Do u or staff even read these responses?No answers and u continue putting out fluff tweets.Silly and unresponsive to voters. 2018
Since you're so into the Constitution, I assume you're supporting S. 65 to investigate conflicts of interest in the White House?
ok now you be a fierce defender! 2 things: Trump investments & Russian ties. Go!
You've forgotten Arizona.  You've Forgotten who you work for.  Your office wont even respond.  DO YOUR JOB!
You were elected by a SLIM majority and you represent a SLIM MINORITY.  You are a self-serving & self aggrandizing.  FACE US.
had a fun conversation last night when a group of us tried to remember the last time you held a townhall...we couldn't recall ONE
yes you honor him by violating the constitution and failing to do your duty during the last administration. I see how you are.
only abiding by the constitution when it is in your own best interests! Hypocrite!
and the day you along with your buddies began your despicable stance on preventing the CURRENT PRESIDENT from doing his job. Fail
you fail
Nov 6, 2018 we remember what a terrible job you are doing representing the interests of the people of AZ
MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENCY!
Yes but like the gob party, stuck in the wrong century! You are in love with the wrong time
- time to actually defend the constitution and human rights and national security. Insist on hearing Merrick Garland 4 SCOTUS too
Scalia responsible for Election of George Bush, war in Iraq, current Isis and Middle East situation.
vote against Mnuchin. He's just another trump crook
When is your Town Hall?
Post your schedule, Flake.
Shame on you.
Less bragging, more planning of personally attending the next townhall meeting.
On this day I am remembering #MerrickGarland and the SC seat you stole. Justice delayed is justice denied. 2018 is coming.
he deserves an up or down vote you mean like you did for Garland? You didn't do your job then this is an invalid choice. #2018
quit ignoring your constituents...and the constitution
How can you possibly know what AZ wants when you won't meet with your constituents?
I just wish your plea for bipartisan coop had been given this time last year... when it didn't make you look like a hypocrite.
popular vote was not with your candidate you do not have a mandate
And murdered by the Obama administration.
But yet you say nothing about the current administration and their blatant disregard for the same #Constitution. Quite disturbing
I hope it's nice and warm where he is. Keep doing what you're doing #FakeFlake and perhaps you'll join him.
Regardless of one's politics, it is clear that Justice Scalia was one of the greatest legal minds to ever sit on the court. 
How much are you personally profiting from Trumps' business dealings with foreign leaders?
.@JeffFlake 
We also remember how the republican wing of the #Senate decided on this day to not do their jobs and confirm an #Obama nominee.
And a raving homophobe. But whatevs.

