Congress needs to support our president and stop chasing golden showers stories.
Hush your mouth, Georgian, and let our AZ Senator do what we elected him to do.
If you think chasing after smut fiction is Sen Flake's "job," then you haven't read the Constitution.
If you think annoying AZ voters is a good use of your time, then you haven't read your job description. Go away.
NOW you're on board  ?  #Late
The American people need to see the comedy memo.
Comey wrote personal memos to himself ... they're his personal thoughts & property ... NOT a "record" required to be turned over to the FRC
I believe that's incorrect. He noted re: business mtgs w/prez. Very important & noteable 4 the record.
... Comey didn't "document" anything if he didn't put it into FBI records ... otherwise, all he did was write himself some personal notes
An FBI guy would definitely put it in his FBI files/records. That's what they do. That's what they have been doing. Documentation.
that's what they SHOULD do if they want it to be part of FBI records which Sessions can produce... otherwise, Comey just has personal notes
It's the FBI, that's what they do. Investigate, make notes, type notes, put notes in file for further review. Just like cops and detectives.
"It's the FBI, that's what they do" ... show me a report from a reputable news source that says Comey entered his "memo" into FBI records...
It's hard to believe Comey did anything other than a personal, not FBI, "memo" about a dinner conversation w/Trump: what do you file it as?
There isn't one.
Please do not stop until all is known. Our institutions are under attack by Putin. Division and confusion of truth must end. Country first.
Please keep pushing.  Please.
Dems: The people of the US need to see the Comey memo. Slight but meaningful difference.
Did you just wake up?  You're a little late to the party Mr. @JeffFlake
Too late to flip Flake your done. Start packing.
The citizens of #arizona need a new senator.
Like duh.
have you taken Russian money?  Almost sounds like it.
All his memos would be work product. Ask or subpoena them
Once you see the facts how will you vote Flake? So far everything Trump has a proposed you have vote for. No confidence in our Law Makers.
That's all you got? After BLOTUS admits leaked intel to Russians, fires Comey, and defends Flynn, this is all the courage you could muster?
And you need to listen to and respond quicker to your constituents!
We all need to see all of Comey's memos. Especially the one where the CIA shot Vince Foster.
2018 primary isn't close enough.
Once again, @JeffFlake, a #NeverTrumper, works to help Dems & burnish reputation among Establ media.
if there was anything incriminating on the memo and he didnt report it immediately Comey commited a felony. Learn the law. 
#flake=fakegop
How do we know when this memo was written or if has been edited?
Thx @JeffFlake for calling for the Comey memo. #TrumpRussia is out of control. As your constituent, I urge u to start impeachment asap.
and hear the tapes? wow it's gonna get muddy in d.c. yes?
It's OK Jeff-we all will see it!! You nees to figure out what your doing after 2018-Arizona has moved past the likes of you
I don't think you can get reelected
get lost
Jeff flake is a fake republican. Please retire. I am proud of president Trump
We ALL NEED Comey Memo !
http://borderlandalternativemedia.com/2017/05/seth-rich-contact-wikileaks-murder/ …
Keep doing what ur doing my whole family will be voting for anybody but YOU and traitor POS McStain
We will be voting you out you RINO POS!!!
When did ya call for special prosecutor of Bengazhi, fast and furious, IRS etc?
Wow...when did y call for seeing who unmasked Flinn and others???
How about that.....HRC!  SOLVE #SethRich murder!  And stop this witch hunt on #MyPresidentTrump and let the man do his job!
If said "Memo" exsisted why NOW is this being brought up!? 2+2=4 not 3!!!!! How about we use tax payer dollars and Prosecute REAL criminals?
I have never been more pissed off at a RINO like you Jeff. When are you going to support Trump instead of your Trump Hate.
And the people need to see Congress stick up for the people! Show us Trumps taxes
Respectfully, y'all are a bit late to the party.
Mueller may ask you guys to put a hold on that for a while.
Where is the border wall with Mexico?  Please work to build the wall.
That's nowhere close to strong enough. You're trying to have it both ways. Take a stand, call for ind. prosecutor or you'll be  out in 2018
Everyone needs to see the Comey memo.
You are right. Let's see you make this happen.  I am a constituent and I vote.
Agree'd.
Yes sir and I need to see and hear you stand up for our imperiled democracy
like you freakin' care! you are morally bankrupt.GTFO of AZ.
Senator Flake Congress needs to make certain that investigators are not intimidated by tRump
YOU NEED TO IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY
#NeverTrumper  Gets old
YOU MUST IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY 
YOU PUT OUR LIVES IN DANGER
Yes! Tweets are fine, but take action please!
Yes, proof before jumping ship would be nice for a change....
And why should anyone believe a memo ? Anybody could fudge their own memo.
.@JeffFlake please take real, documented action. We appreciate your tweets, but they mean nothing w/o follow thru. We're counting on you.
Why? You have a limited time left in office before you're voted out. DO SOMETHING PRODUCTIVE.
I called your office but its half day Friday. Very nice. Everyone is gone. Nice work if u can get it
You're the only R making sense.  Keep it up, keep doing the right things.  History will count you among the righteous.
Special prosecutor needs to see all Comey memcon's w @POTUS ,and hear from Comey directly in open session. Impeachment looming. #obstruction
And you need to resign.
You need to move on impeechment this is only going to get worse.  Show some courage and stand up for the country not your party/ideology
Everyone knows the GOP will circle the wagons & say Trump's words are open to interpretation. Time for YOU to call for a special prosecutor.
@SenJohnMcCain  Trump was impeachable on the first day of his presidency for violating #EmolumentsClause & the @HouseGOP did NOTHING!
2018 it will be important to remember how you and other's in your party were blind to trump's faults and put party before our citizens. done
Rs need to do the right thing for the country FIRST, not the GOP. Thanks for standing up.
Don't hurt your thumbs trying too hard there or trying to squeeze under the bar that you all have been lowering for #45. How low can you go?
You are going to be voted out next time I would start anticipating another career
Thanks, Senator Obvious. Tell us....is water wet?
 JEFF FLAKE SUPPORTED TRUMP 100% - NEVER FORGET 
YES. Remember.... People over Party. We shouldn't have to insist on this, that should be a no-brainer. Remember, you are our employee.
and actually not pussy out and act on it, even if it hurts your R label. Country over party. If true, he must be impeached
Yes, you do.
When the memo is produced and shown to congress, following the "dictates of your cauterized conscience" (Trump), you will blame the media.
Your statement could fit on a post it note. We need an independent commission!  Supporting TREASON will take u down, not a primary challenge
Yes! Then do something about Trump's ties to Russia. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaLeak
And????
And when you see it will you do your job, or be a good little party boy? I don't have faith that you work for us.
Here you go.
Congress needs to investigate what happened to Seth Rich.
Even if you did see it, stated explicitly that Russia helped #Trump win, you would still protect him. The @GOP doesn't put #CountryOverParty
@jmartNYT You know what one bad apple does to the bunch?  GOP inaction = complicit.
@SpeakerRyan probabaly wants to shove it in his mouth and swallow it before it becomes public #PartyBeforeCountry
Congress needs to see it all!  Everything.
Then subpoena it!!
You're one of the few Rs to speak out. But talk is it enough. Take action. Thank you.
Congress needs to act on Marijuana.  Jeff Sessions is dangerous.  This should not be  Schedule 2 drug
Time to stop putting people in jail.
Schedule 1 I meant.  It has b legalized in 37 states including our own State of AZ.  Decriminalize Marijuana now and stop Jeff Sessions.
True patriots
So do we the people who pay for all of these public servants.
Be a man of integrity.
Stand up to Trump administration to preserve our democracy!  Country over party, please!!
And a WHOLE LOT MORE
We're depending on you. You were right about this candidate a year ago - do the right thing now! Please.
Thoughts and prayers with you in your hour of need, senator.
We'll go get the memo!  Stop sitting on the sidelines.  Let's get this behind the country so all can move forward.
@normative You left the 's' off memo
Please call for special prosecutor
You need to stop acting cowardly and demand the assignment of a special prosecutor. Now.
Will you actually do something if you see it?  Please????
Besides he's doing what the @GOP wants removing all POC from the U.S. legal or not, creating a program that keeps POC from voting if u can't
I mean the @GOP has everything they've wanted, destroying the Republic and replacing it with an authoritarian who will remove voting rights.
Congress needs to have Comey testify in public session.
Hmm, why? You know Trump lies, you know Trump was involved with Russia, you know Comey is a Republican & helped Trump win, so why?
I mean, after you see it, you'll just go back to letting the Nariccissistic Mentally Ill man continue to destroy our Republic, so why?
He said - She said.... the memo proves nothing. 
Goes to show you can't trust Comey or the sneaky FBI
Best you've got Jeff?  But you will then need context surely
Memos.  Plural.
So step up Sen. U and MCcCain and Graham needs to take control of Senate. McConnell isn't a leader!!
the political train officially off rails. Who has gut to be true leader?
about time smiley face. What about the so called tapes? Just the veiled threat is impeachable. GO GO GO.!!
What is wrong with you? DO YOUR JOB! Demand the memo-- uncover the corruption and GOVERN.
You guys have the power to subpoena. Don't tweet at us. Talk to Burr.
Why? If Comey's memo were a smoking gun he is in double jeopardy for not reporting.  18 USC 4 and 28 USC 1361. As of now POTUS OK
Then how about one of you in Congress do something? Enough with the blowhard bullshit.
Donald Trump is 45th and 46th till 2020
No. You need to ask why Comey didn't come forward in Feb when he took the alleged notes. The sound you hear is the swamp draining.
Huh. Are you actually trying to finally grow a pair?
Then demand to see it.
Dont worry you will. We ALL will. But do you have the independence from your party to convict on impeachment?
And Comey's public testimony is scheduled when?
And what will you do if Trump flatly denies it? Which one of them has the reputation of honesty? (Hint: it's not Trump.)
Hard to say how he denies it now since he's already basically admitted it to Lester Holt
And then what, you'll hit the fainting couch?
need to start the impeachment investigation
Congress needs to see Comey. Or as Spicey would put it, "Period!".
Thank you Senator
What about the tapes.
Congress needs to work for the people! I don't give a damn about any memos or other crap MSM and Dems dig up
Take action, senator. There is nothing courageous about curiosity. 
Constituent, 85338
cuz giving highly classified intel to a known Russian spy is just not enough. LOL
Hi, The World's First And Smallest All-In-One Portable Entertainment System Goes Viral, what do you think?
That's it? See a memo? Lazy man
@Mikel_Jollett we all do.
Do you think 2018 looks good for you if you won't call for a Special Prosecutor / INDEPENDENT council?
That's just the latest thing you need to see. The people have been asking for an independent investigation since Jan. #TrumpLeaks
congress needs to talk to & c a hell of a lot more than comey's memos. where is flynn, manafort, or kushner hearings. or white house tapes?
#ReplaceFlake2018
Words are wind, senator. You will be judged, now, on your actions.
/a constituent.
Isn't that memos, plural?
Demand an independent Special Prosecutor. That's the only way the truth is coming out.
We need you to start supporting our president and standing up for him. Next time around, ill think twice about voting for you!!
YES.  We need to know the truth.  Please make this happen.
Congress needs to see the "tapes"! potus mentioned them - someone submit a FOIA! If they exist they are public record!
Confess needs to see all the memos. Let's see what's in "Pandora's box"
GOP leadership needs to get heads outta the sand
As one of your constituents- I agree
The public needs to see the Comey memo, and if/when he testifies, it needs to be public. This is to important to hide behind closed doors.
i will thank you when you stand by this.
If only you had...some kind of...Constitutional authority...
hang on... Comey just found out about the memo.. give him time to write it! lol
Let it ride flake! We need u 2 keep up trump Russia thing till election time so we can bury you at the polls.
Yes! To see if Comey broke the law by not reporting what he claims.
You guys have a way of doing that
Can you please talk some of your peers into seeing things your way?
ya think?!
Are you deeply concerned or just very troubled?
America needs an independent special prosecutor to investigate Trump/Russia. Key word being INDEPENDENT.
Wow @JeffFlake the courage!!!! Not all heroes wear capes.
would that finally prompt you to put country before party?! #gopcowardice #doTheRightThing
America needs to see Congress #DoTheirJob being a CHECK on the out of control Executive Branch! Uphold the OATH you took!!
Memos. Plural.
Also need to hear Trumps tapes
Now you are troubled?! Trump is a madman #RIPGOP #comeymemo #impeachtrump
Agreed 100%, Senator! I'm sure an #IndependentInvestigation would gather all relevant documents for review by you and other MoCs.
I have it: http://onehotmessalaska.blogspot.com/2017/05/into-void-of-derp-i-have-comey-memo.html …
a formal statement from the Junior Senator from Arizona?
U guys don't need to look at anything keep ur noses out u r the problem and all u touch stinks
Thank you Senator! If the allegations are true Impeachment!!!
And your voters need you to act decisively once you do.
What good will that do when you have your eyes tightly shut?
Quit being a flake and start being a senator, or even just am American. Geez.
