Hi flake! You messed up on DeVos, how about doing something worthwhile on Pruitt? Ppl- my profile has links to fax Flake
Too bad we don't have the same strong enduring relationship with the Palestinian people and Government.
then why not support POTIS?  I Will not be a flake!
Thx for making it easier 4 my mom w/dementia to buy a gun. Can you do something to help bring down the cost of her medications?
Wake up Jeff. With friends like Israel , who needs enemies? Palestinian terrorism occurred after 1967
Really???  Have you been watching the news?  People in AZ are rising up, Senator.  Get ready.
You're on the wrong side. In time, you'll reflect back at your blind support of this dysfunctional admin but it'll be too late.
You are such a hypocrite, Flake. #RepubsAgainstTrump..Remember??
great to see you enjoying your last term. #2018 #voteflakeout #enjoyitwhileyoucan with love, Arizona Voter
I'm going to work my ass off to make sure @JeffFlake isn't re-elected.
Did your hand burn? or are you the same kind of evil?
please reject Scott Pruitt. I am a registered voter in our Great State of Arizona, formerly from OK. HE IS NOT GOOD FOR EPA!
come out come out where ever you are! #replaceflake2018
So you support OUR USA tax money paying for Israel's free hospital and free college?
Sucking up to this Zionest war criminal was not the reason you were sent to Congress.
I am a constituent@and want the truth about Flynn and sanctions.
you can't serve two masters flake
Someone has to stand up for ethnic cleansing, apartheid and incremental genocide.  Congrats, Senator. #BDS
Jeff, Town Hall time, since you will be back soon. Don't pull a McSally
wish you were strong enough to investigate POTUS's Connections with Russia.
strong and enduring? Not after today! Disaster! Now back to Russian ties and investments?
Don't you mean Scrotus?
INVESTIGATE THE RUSSIAN TIES TO THE WHITE HOUSE..DANGER HERE
enjoy, next year you are GONE. Traitor! #MidTerm2018
Did you approve Benghazi investigation? Will you approve Trump/RussiaGate investigation? Be fair.
~ China for Chinese; Japan for Japanese, Judea for Jews, Palestine for Palestinians.
Please consider protecting social security and Medicare by voting against Mulvaney, his views are too extreme for this role!
You guys really think this is going away? Good luck with that.
Hey Jeff, congrats on your hypocrisy and lack of patriotism today on CNN. You're a disgrace to our country.
Your appearance on CNN defending Mr. Trump was appalling. I've gotten whiplash from your vacillation. Shame.
NOT GREAT to hear you sliming & reverting to party line w/Jake Tapper. Thought you stood for THE COUNTRY over your foul party TSK
The United States relationship with gun violence is also strong and enduring. Lame vote Sen. Flake
Let us prepare our "Thoughts and Prayers" for the next gun violence victims of a mentally or cognitively impaired person
Old time progressive Jew Mike Leven quit as president of LVS because he couldn't stomach Adelson's insanity.
how do you say that when you have a bunch of antisemites in the WH and all over the US.
$119,350 this election cycle from Israeli PACs parroting the obligatory & obsequious necessities
As a Jew, your interview with AC was the most cringe worthy display I have ever seen. Sayonara to your political career.
...you are a piece of work."Hope we can put this behind us".Typical republican response.We have a traitor in the WH
saw u on cnn shameful! U need to stand up to trumps corruption
...we tried hard to hide it, told him not to piss off intel, he won't listen, only to Pootie & Net-a-yahoo.
Hey Jeff you need to take some notes from Trump on how to do an interview. Be a warrior and fight for your team
I'm NOW worried about the known for a year circle jerk of Drumpf/Putin/Manafort/Flynn/Page as it's investigated
Any public comment on tie between Trump campaign and Russian intel conspiring against your Congress colleagues
just saw you in CNN.   Is anything more important than Trumps people conspiring with communists to win election?   Shame on you..
we demand that the impeachment hearings begin now
Less photo-ops Jeff. More on standing up to infiltration of executive branch by Russian assets
Get the neo-Nazi's out of the West Wing if you really support Israel.
still wanting to know when a town hall is scheduled..recess starts soon?
Fundraiser 2/20 Thatcher az
Judge Garland, Betsy DeVos, Sessions, Flynn, Russia, Putin, Russia, Russia, Russia! Party before country. 
Your next Town Hall will be great. You were a traitor to Rep's before election and now to Dem's after. 
When are you doing a town hall? We have questions that need answers!
not great to see you wasting your time over a photo op
why don't you stand up regarding Russian's working with Trump stealing the election?
have time for everyone except the people who voted you in, your real bosses! #flakeout2018
here to get another big, fat check from actual taxpayers, I presume?
nice to know where you stand on israelí land grabs and the marginalization of no israelí's.
get on the bandwagon that realizes this is it ministration is totally corrupt and with Russia. All GOP closing eyes?
How come you got time for everybody else? Your constituents miss you! Town Hall, bro. Town Hall.
Enough with the photo ops, do something important like investigating Trump's connections to Russia.
Vote FLAKE out 2018
will you address the settlements he is going forward with despite our insistence not to?
Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts W Russian Intelligence https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/14/us/politics/russia-intelligence-communications-trump.html?_r=0 …  An independent investigation, @JeffFlake @POTUS
thus far, over 2600  have signed that petition. Why do we have to drag you to a town hall meeting? #doyourjob
and there is your self congratulations. Instead of shaking hands, you should be investigating your regime
your silence on the @POTUS ties to Putin is troubling. This is not a time to play politics.
he is a coward. We all know that now
When will you start investigating POTUS ties to Russia?
thanks for voting for Devos.  For that I will be voting against you.
What would you know about that? Anti-Semite activity has spiked in AZ, but you say nothing. @azcpolitics @Arizona_Strong
More fluff from Republicans. I am Jewish. America first. We have a nations crisis. We want a #TownHall
w/all that is going on potus is bad for Israel bad for USA and the country we love.
.@JeffFlake @POTUS @IsraeliPM Friends don't let friends move from a 2 state solution.
No. Not great to see that guy.  
Looking at the wrong camera Jeff.
Great to see you allow people suffering from mental disabilities access to guns this morning. That should end well!
is a grave dissapointment, seeking short term "gains" is beneath dignity of office
Why aren't you calling for an independent investigation of Russian ties in the WH? Don't you care about national security?
Our relationships with public schools should also be strong and enduring.
Hope we can see you soon! Your constituents would love to talk with you!
he doesn't even answer his phone's. All lines are busy no voicemail. Obstruction of justice
