Thank you for your time tonight. This overlapped @RepAndyBiggsAZ tele town hall so I bounced between them. Good questions asked.
Thanks for being on the call, Wendy.
2018. Can't wait to vote you out.
Thank you for taking calls. I couldn't stay on ... did you speak about pre existing conditions being taken out of new plan?
Thanks for being on the call, Beth. Republican plans do include access for people with preexisting conditions.
Sessions lied about Russian connections,  who will you protect & defend, Russia or USA ?
Sessions should never have been confirmed. He needs to resign and be investigated.
It seems the goal is to remove the name Obama from health care, not to work to provide health care to the people.
#telephonetownhall? Are you kidding?!? An in-person #townhall was requested, your boss isn't happy. #flakeout2018 #AZResistance
you're a coward for not holding a live event. Zero notice and the questions were prescreened. #outin2018 #DoYourJob
telephone?  How about face to face. We don't want the ACA repealed and replaced!!  We need to work to fix what we have!!!!!
Remember Mr. Flake, two years and we have to vote again.  I like some things you represent, others I do not.  People not party!
stand up for non partisan investigation & action on Trump-Russia collaboration!
Way 2 hide behind a telephone Flake! U know if you had a real town hall & answered to your constituents you would've been nailed!
You need to have some town hall meetings in Arizona where we can meet with you face to face.
A telephone town hall? A new concept created by Republicans that are scared to meet with their constituents? #DoYourJob
when will Senators be for the American people first? Their display was childish while our President spoke.
we demand town hall in person in Tucson. Telephone calls screened. We are not stupid. Coward!
cause meeting you in person is too hard and makes my pee pee hurt. Whahhh.
10,000 calls to your office?  Sounds like a SEVERE prob that needs to be addressed in PERSON not hiding behind a phone. #TownHall
Question. Why do you hate Trump and oppose what he is trying to do? Are you a RINO? Why should anyone vote for you?
You're Fired  ! Phoning it in doesn't cut it, especially after skipping out on us while you were here in AZ during Feb recess.
Senator Flake, The people don't want a virtual senator.  Face the people and set up an on the ground town hall meeting!
why did I hear about town hall 4 days later? Who knew this was happening? Why not address your constituents in person? #TownHall
public town hall not hiding behind your desk on the phone
I don't presume to tell you your job.  I will say what your job is not.  Your job is not to rubber stamp trump's picks. 2 years!
When are you going to do a real town hall.  After nearly an hour no chance at asking a question. Screened calls taken Sad!
Repeal ACA?  After 6 years of wasted time and money, yet now your party has no idea of what to do to replace it?  Fix it!
You Yellow-Bellied-Chicken-Liver ! Too afraid to face the People whom you were sworn to represent.  Coward Move  !
@indivisibleaz6 Bummer! Absolutely NO notice on this one. Would have been nice to get a call that it was scheduled. Transcript?
like an in person town hall?  There's really nothing to be afraid of.
Why don't you try showing up in person?
What, afraid to show-up in person? You're starting to show your yellow streak. #FAKEFLAKE
WHY don't U have the guts 2 shoe your face in the flesh?
COME 2 TUCSON, WE NEVER SEE U HERE! Our $$$ R as green asPHX's. SAD
would like the immigration laws enforced, oversight on VA and EPA/BLM abuse of productive citizens halted, refs repealed.
when will you be having an in person town hall?
How many times do I need to visit your office to put in request for in-person town hall before it happens?!
you got punted by the OFA!
see these r the kind of people who r playing u! Beth wants Oprah Winfrey and Tom Hanks for president in 2020!
Liberals packed Townhall to keep rest of us from being able to tell u; build the wall; get rid of OCrap care; support 2nd amend
you are inundated by a pack of liberals asking their slanted anti-trump questions!  Build the wall and get rid of OBUMMER CARE!!!
you get paid by AZ citizens like myself to represent the entire state and to meet in person
too scared of facing your constituents in person?
Prescreened calls don't count for a town hall. No chance for rebuttal. Need in-person townhall. #doyourjob
- A telephone infomercial with softballs from suck-ups is hardly a #TownHall meeting. #DoYourJob and face AZ voters! #Russiagate
easy peasy taking screened calls Flake, grow some balls and face your employers!
thank you senator flake. I know you mentioned getting bipartisan support for sessions to recuse himself from Russia. U got it
Questions you prescreened and had already planned out answers to... let's have a real town hall!
This was not a town hall. A town hall is open to everyone, this certainly was not #flakeout
who got invited to this? I didn't. Who did you CHOOSE to hear from? Maybe they were paid to ask you a certain set of questions...
, you know you no longer have ANY credibility, don't you?  SAD!!
Did you feel good in your 'safe place' ?
how very brave
it's time to demand the resignation of @jeffsessions. Perjury is a crime!
Have a real town hall; don't be a coward.  Call for Sessions to resign. Investigate 45s Russian Ties #replaceflake2018
Please get behind our President Trump and do not waver. Arizona voted for him and he is our leader. Our Nation needs him now.
I'm SUPER happy that the "operator" chose to waste time with the callers that wanted to say "great job".  Great use of time.
next up kindergarten town hall  where we'll discuss favorite Sesame Street character
did you text your girlfriend when you broke up with her too?
it would have been nice to have notice of this. I’m an AZ registered voter and I want to see you in person.
you have time to sit & take calls, but not to have an In person town hall?  Sounds legit.
.@JeffFlake You still "confident that [@jeffsessions] will apply the law" & "respect the Constitution" now that we know he lied in hearings?
Ref: Flake Statement on the Confirmation of Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, http://www.flake.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2017/2/flake-statement-on-the-confirmation-of-jeff-sessions-for-attorney-general …
Was glad to get the call from your office and listen, but warning would have been good. Why wasn't this in Monday newsletter?
please include online streaming next time. Also it's odd that ppl you intended to include were not given the time/date beforehand
That was a joke of a town hall, but good example of how to cherry pick softballs. Why no calls taken from #Flagstaff?
Thx for answering questions 2nite. Pls meet in person soon! Sessions/Tax Returns=Natl Security Investigate!
your constituents would like an actual town hall.
gave you a townhall invite 3x. NIce ladies there but, no joy?
Town hall would be cheaper than the telle. I'll buy the donuts
you should hold a live in person town hall
you need an in person town hall
I was never notified of this!
what's the matter can't you face to people in person you have to hide behind a telephone
did not even know about the call meet us live see your Russian scandal is collapsing
great forum & Q&A. Now Sessions linked 2 Russia, does it change your view on an independent investigation?
Stop hiding and do your job. That was a carefully planned media event not a town hall. And you call the left snowflakes? Sheesh!
Sessions lied! Support Trump/Russia connection investigation. Investigate Sessions/Russia connections! #RecuseSessions  
safer there? Think again you have twitter. Ever hear the term 'white  on rice?' think about it.
you're still getting voted out
don't be a @marcorubio - go talk to your people in person.  Protestors are constituents too - they're not mutually exclusive.
is a transcript available, by chance?
You got a notice?  i was let on after it was in progress
Please host a live event, we your constituents want a chance to speak to you face-to-face.  You represent all Arizonans.
do a real town hall puss
After numerous calls and a visit to your office, it would have been nice to be able to participate.
I told my boss today that if he had any concerns about my performance to address it via phone call only.Was fired.I don't get it.
why are you scared of facing your constituents in person?
That shows great interest- here at home in AZ
You missed the chance last week for very important questions such as the 1 below...
What telephone town hall? Select audience? Why not in person?
Question: "Have you been in contact with anyone connected to any part of the Russian government about the 2016 election?"
This was a cowardly thing to do! You should face your constituents and be willing to take questions face-to-face.
.@JeffFlake who did u "invite" to ur telephonic town hall? I've emailed/received responses as your constituent. I didn't get notice.
Telephone town hall? Really? No courage to meet personally with your constituents? Disappointing and sad.
How long would any of us be employed if we just ignored the boss & decided to Phone It In ? Whatta Flake ! #FLAKEOUT2018
I have a question.  Can you imagine approving worse cabinet nominations?  You should be ashamed.
Being willing to not only face but hear your constituents out in person can only improve your chances next election. Seriously.
.@JeffFlake Did you talk about Sessions, sir? Please demand he recuse himself at a minimum.
get out and speak to people .. The people over Party or kiss your next election Bye bye  ... quit supporting this orange monster
I called your office & begged you not to vote for Sessions. Instead you were one of his first supporters. Pls fix your mistake.
grow a pair Jeffy! In person town hall. How about Yuma? I have some questions!
sessions has to go!   Be out front on this!
Too scared to meet in person?
Missed the town hall. But get to work. The Senate has a lot of work to do....get that SCOTUS judge passed asap. Just do it.
chicken!
you better start investigating your President
be nice if everyone could have asked questions.  You clearly cherry picked who asked and you didn't allow for follow up questions
why are you afraid to meet face to face?
Received invite to join after it had started. Clearly others given notice with opportunity to ask questions. Why not all of us?
I got the call while driving on freeway. No notice at all. Couldn't take the call. Chicken flake
This is a screened conference call, not a town hall.
shoot....my invite must've gotten lost! Looking forward to a real town hall w/all of your constituents, not just the prescreened
what you couldn't do a in person townhall?  Who do you work for?  Sad.
~ The GOP has changed the political landscape as they don't give a shit about democratic values. Power is all they care about.
I didn't know about your TTH... I would have asked how you felt about alleged conspiracy between Sessions and Russians-Trump.
thank you! Would you please vote No on HJ Res 69 to protect the wolves, bears & their cubs in their dens?
a little too A LOT late! Very few constituents received messages from you in NAZ as town hall taking place  #Flake2Flag @twwnaz
a town hall is a meeting face to face with the people you work for. What you did is a contrived infomercial. Gonna lose you job
wow I had no clue.Were these answers pre-screened?You are proving you don't stand with us and that we can't count on you.
continuing to not face us (your constituents) will hurt you significantly next election
NEXT VOTE, GOES TO YOUR OPPONENT, WHOEVER THEY MAY BE!
Typical phony screened callers Read the Washington Post and NY Times tomorrow Trump is dirty and do is #Jeff Sessions look out
Sessions lied to congress - so now what?
vote him out.
You may be working on it, but you clearly not voting for it.
Great MANY questions, few answers though besides I'm concerned too, we're working on it.
at least the Dems were brave enough to face their constituents when they were pushing for the Affordable Care Act. Unlike you,sir
not a town hall if its over the phone. Your bosses want a face to face sit down.
how easy was it for you to screen the questions asked and the people asking them? #TownHall #resist
EXACTLY, THAT IS IT TO A TEE, HALF WERE NOT EVEN PERTINANT, and he knew what was asked b4 hand.
If I had known when I scheduled your conf call, I would have planned to be available. Pls publicize next date.
If I had known when YOU had scheduled...I apologize for my mistake.
not scheduled. Your phone rang and it was like hold on for the call. I was driving. Couldn't take call chicken flake
Exactly. He should have let us know date and time he would call. U are right; he didn't want to hear from us.
Your boss called. (Several times). She wants a face-to-face meeting and not a phone call. #DoYourJob
Half of your questions were flake I'm fake, Lake Mead is well above restriction line, fake questions for a flake senator.
It wasn't a 'town hall' until you actually hold a town hall meeting and take 'actual' non-prescreened ??'s. #ReplaceFlake2018
face us
Too scared to face us? I'm not surprised. #coward
I got the your invitation after it was over. Next time perhaps.
or do you only want soft ball questions from your loyal supporters.
disapppointed. No notice and our group member's call was disconnected. Where's the transparency? Disservice to Arizonans. 11/6/18
show your face! Let your constituents see you lie to their faces!
Unknown #, no notice @#dinnertime in #Arizona. We want you IN PERSON.#Savehealthcare #Trumprussia
@SenJohnMcCain Ok, this is a start. But we need you to actually act on citizen concerns about Trumpagenda.
we know you love outdoor #Arizona, the weather's great, c'mon out to a big outdoor venue, maybe an arena, hear the crowd roar
Weak tea, Jeff. What % got to ask questions.
So much braver than a town hall where you actually see people face to face without a 7 second delay.
What about Sessions & Russian ambassador?
I missed that schedule?!?
zero notice. I would love for you to explain your position on #SB103 #SB244 #SB195. #Democracydoesnotlooklikethis #shame
thats one way to keep the Soros protestors out.. Smart
Grow a pair and face your constituents in person
coward! The telephone? Really you couldn't face us and take real questions? FAKE FLAKE, done in 2018, bye bye 
how do we phone in?
telephone town hall!!! My goodness, you're a real coward
phoning it in, literally.
this does not count for anything. You pre-screened the phone calls so you don't have to answer real questions that affect #AZ
he is a coward.
hey Jeff. What do you think of the attorney General these day?  Such a man of ethics....just the kind of person you want as AG
Would have been great if you'd given some notice. Even better if you actually, you know, "met" with your constituents. In person.
Not an Arizonan, but should Jeff Sessions recuse himself from investigating Trump's ties with Russia?
Afraid to meet us in person?
@AZAgainstTrump @JeffFlake Obviously.
Phones suck, Get out with the people.
I did not think you were a man-baby!
better than nothing I guess. Seems kind cowardly though.
Make it in-person next time
