Renegotiate it or get rid of NAFTA
part of do nothing Congress!!!  We voted for Trump agenda but cowards won't do anything except continue to govern like libtards!!!
You voted for it. Now you should know... elections have consequences. This is what got you? Not RUSSIA? Sickening!
Keep redirecting from trumps tax returns, Russia and your tax reform for the rich
You'd rather we keep getting screwed ?  How do you strengthen nafta without making partners stop subsidizing their companies?
You realize that we don't sell you dairy products right? This is about you bullying in our market.
You didn't major in Economics did you? USA is a capitalist country. Mexico and Canada are not. They subsidize their products and flood mkt.
Untrue.  If you were discussing China, UAE or Saudi Arabia true those countries not.
are u going to vote for him?
lmao
no that's fine I was just relieved that you won't be voting in my state
#CAN & #MEX need to Behave! I have 40% Unemployment in #Pennsylvania because of Unfair Trade practices by #Canada $ #Mexico. Thx. #Tatiana
With no immigrants picking produce, prices will go UP! US people clearly don't want those jobs, said Produce growers, trying to hire help.
Son, your business acumen is way below Donald Trump's, & you've turned out to be McCain's yes man. I suggest you support Mr Trump not John.
I hope you saw azpm arizona week on the ports of entry and wall consequences. Trade barriers also mentioned IE tariffs.
And how many dairy Farmers need to loose their farms, while we allow Canada to dump lumber in our country?
*lose not loose.. Loose would be used as opposite of tight. You use, 'lose' in this context
If only you would apply this same pragmatism for preserving AZ jobs to other areas, like science funding & universal healthcare.
I disagree.  Necessity is the Mother of Invention.  We will re industrialize.  China used big tariffs to protect their infant industries.
No you won't, look at what you do now, outsource everything.
Not my choice.  Some of us by American made stuff and want more of it.
There's a wage competition.. Mexico will win everytime. The loser will sacrifice its jobs. Mexico gains jobs and US loses jobs.
don't worry about NAFTA as much as your buddy DJT.
British Columbia will now try to stop all US thermal coal shipments through its ports, that's 85% of your coal export #nafta #az
What an awful visual. How to unsee that?
STRENGTHEN the #ACA, don't abandon it! The truth is health coverage 4 all Americans would help our economy even more.
We thought you were a great Trump fan.
So you want all of us to listen to you...but you ignore us on a daily basis....hmmmmm...we no longer trust you will do right by AZ
Now, please go back up your statement with some action.  Start by ensuring an independent investigation into @realDonaldTrump
Good luck with that Senators are all talk that's why they are elected, gift of gab & no backbone
Abandoning it opens the doors to create something better...It gives us leverage again to get other concessions from Mexico.
Again it's about Power and not a Win-Win. That's why you'll always lose.  seeks mutually beneficial deals not a Win-Lose.
You'll be paying a lot more for softwood lumber thanks to that Orange 
Finally some common sense
Excellent Jeff - I'm with you
Finally! Something I can support you fighting for! Yay!
I can't believe it...I finally agree with you
Hey One Term Flake you support every thing Trump does so why the change all of sudden Hope the Trumpster don't read your tweet
President Bannon's deconstruction# @POTUS @stephenkbannon @nytimes @washingtonpost @cnnbrk @AP @vplus @donlemon @AC360 @wolfblitzer @FoxNews
Sorry Jeffy - you bought that lying grifter in the WH, you own him
That's fine with me as long as we don't have a supply and demand issue while waiting for Made in America!
waste of a vote you are!! Ur day is coming...enjoy what little time you have left!!
When every one replying to you here with agreement is on the left, you have to know you are on the wrong side of this topic. Check their TL.
Agreed! And I'm a Democrat!
Trade Act of 1974 sends its regards.
POTUS is ruining our relationship with our bordering countries. Speak out! Put bills to stop him!
StanduptoTrump!
Only benefited US owners, managers, and investors, while working people of    suffered.
Then stop supporting the orange beast.
You've  not really denounced DT, you've not supported a real investigation so he can be impeached and now your constituents will pay.
Strengthen ACA not abandon it.
You met with him today at the WH. Did this happen to come up? Yes, Korea, OK, but really - dump #NAFTA  Bully #Canada? This has to stop.
No. NAFTA is garbage.
@JeffFlake you prove yourself anti-family and a puppet of Wall St. by supporting the suppression of the American workers wages with #NAFTA.
@realDonaldTrump picking a fight with Canada is just more proof that he is clueless and unfit to be President.
Do you even have a right to vote Flake! I thought there was 3 branches of government!
The GOP needs to start the articles of impeachment on Trump! Tax reform for the rich! Want to take away our health care...SS...Medicare!
You know, the rare sensible things you say mostly highlight the silly and dishonest things you say.
wtf is wrong with you? #NAFTA is garbage, abandon it completely
-85142
then put your big boy pants on & stand up to the orange bully! INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW before he sends us to nuclear war
@AdamPosen not just consumer surplus loss, mutuall deadweight loss as well...
Thank you Senator Flake. Please stand up for the economic literates. Free trade lowers costs, creates jobs, and helps families save $
Everyone has one or many concerns. One of mine  is using the 401k to eliminate company pensions then doing away with the tax exemption.
Holy $hit- congrats Jeff, u said something that makes sense! At this rate, you might get one or even TWO votes in '18.   
It's a miracle. I agree w Flake on this. Now let's see if he does more than talk or just follow party over country/constituents.
be a leader and stand up to the Preisdent
Arizona Does Big Trade with Mexico-Flake is Correct!
So who in the Senate will tell @potus this is damaging US business/jobs?
finally!  Something good from you
Finally on the right side of the issue.  Thank you.  Our costs will increase and once again the citizens will pay for 45's folly.
Are you saying this to #POTUS?  Because I think he has other plans.
u won't have to worry about it after election
How about not turning Mexico into an enemy by not wasting taxpayer money and not building a wall that won't work? Yeah? No? Hmmmmm....
Jeff Flake is pro-NAFTA? Wiser to tweet that you are for re-negotiating NAFTA; not to "strengthen" it. Poor choice of words. 
I dont agree w you often but i DO agree w this!
Dude, just don't vote for any of it
Yes, finally the sensible Senator Flake returns.  You were missed.
Your boss only cares how much money the billionaires make. And we know you won't go against him. 2018 is coming!
Agreed!
Agree fully with your stance. Please share this with your fellow senators and also the current administration.  You have my backing on this
HEY THAT IS YOUR CORRUPT PRES THAT U EMBRACE! GREAT TASTE. PUT HIM B4 US! SHAME ON YOU MR. FLAKE
Please go very far away.
Something we agree on!
"Elections have consequences". Sound familiar?
Tell that to your side that has suddenly embraced militant protectionism.
I am sure you will back down and side with Trump since you are one of his minions.
ABOLISH #NAFTA and #Companies will Come Back , Screw #Arizona , Get Tuff on Folks coming thru your #state , 47 other states want the #JOBS
Do the same for health care, then. Strengthen, don't abandon.
Thank you @JeffFlake! NAFTA is important, not an item to check off #100days list. Don't let the Prez undo NAFTA w another EO. Trade matters!
Think back to November 8, 2016: Who did you vote for?

You wanted Trump, you got Trump -- and everything that comes with Trump...
buckshot he didn't want trump he hates trump that's why he will lose primary
Too narrow an assessment. Export of pollution we will be called to pay for, unemployment roles, lack of liability insurance- we pay too much
We're dealing with a @POTUS that thinks you can run a country like a business so we were already screwed the day he "won" the election.
good luck unless you and other Republicans don't start fighting against King Trump.
But it will encourage low and no carb diets because vegetable and fruit prices will skyrocket along with the deportations and ICE roundups!
The only loser in NAFTA is the United States. #DropNAFTA
Holy guacamole ! On this date, 4/26/17, I agree with Flake !
you and me both.  I'm shaking my head.
I'm dizzy.
I had to read his post twice to make sure I wasn't seeing things.
Huh? Finally some signs of sanity.
