Good Luck trying to get reelected in 2018.
You're NO better than @SenJohnMcCain You do realize that many of us who buy O-Care individual policies have NO insurer in 2018? Get to work!
They both want Congress to work the way it was intended by our Fore Fathers. Tell your Senator to reverse GOP sabotage, & they wont leave.
Mr. Resister - This was Reid's method:
I said nothing of his method. This obstructionism with Mitch McConnell stating GOP was there to make Obama a one term president.
2016 article contradicts your claim re: McConnell : GOP-led Senate passing bills at rate not seen in decades -
Too bad @SenateMajLdr doesn't do the same for President Trump. Of course the democrats offer NO bipartisanship. This should make you happy!
So I deal with facts so I have provided you with them. Also, Dem Presidents give a 1% higher GDP while in office from 1960 - Present. #facts


Principles: sabotage Ocare, take it away & give the money to the rich. That's 1 reason to steal the election
Or, act on Fed responsibilities! Secure border, enforce immigration laws, manage foreign relations, dispatch armed forces, sit down. #MAGA
Even Republicans are turning on your daddy!
They're RINOs, not Constitutionalists. The American Citizens working, sending kids forward, helping aged parents are behind @POTUS . #MAGA
@POTUS Russian Agent #maga
BAT wud prevent US mfg from producing US goods abroad & shipping em to US for consumption. Let corps cut exec bonusus & bribes
Pfft. You Sir, do not care about anyone but yourself.

Tim says hi
Mr. Flake your colleague Mr. McCain was very courageous tonight. Maybe working with Dems to fix ACA could be your courageous moment. Hope so
Crush ACA, get out of my Healthcare discussion.@JeffFlake , desire socialized healthcare, go represent a state of Mex S of border wall#MAGA
Must Read: Cut The Corn, Flake - @POTUS popularity with Arizona Republicans poses threat to Trump-bashing Jeff Flake https://seeingredaz.wordpress.com/2017/06/23/jeff-flake-republican-charlatan-desperate-or-greedy/ …
@JeffFlake , it's us, former-GOP, we're just not that into you #MAGA
Let's hope Arizonans set YOU aside the next time you come up for reelection.  No more big government republicrats in Congress!
Keep bashing my President when voting time comes we will rise to celebrate your departure when @kelliwardaz takes your place
That's all this jackass can do. He wakes up everyday wanting to screw over our president. Az has the worst two senators. Shameful.
Yes we do and believe me we are working on removing them
The rest of us are cheering you on! You need new representation in AZ!
More than cheering, $ to @kelliwardaz, #oustcorruptocrats  #MAGA
The base of President TRUMP is growing BECAUSE we the people have no hope in DO NOTHING SENATORS like YOU, McCain and McConnell!!
Disingenuous as hell. You admit Corps, (not constituents) ask for better tax rates -when you know that means NO 35% TERRITORY TAX
What will make things better for peeps in AZ is to vote u out of office
I hope that the President rescinds your ACA subsidies (73%) that are meant for people earning below poverty line.
I guess it doesn't matter that BAT would make our companies more competitive,  as long as we can save a buck on foreign slave labor
How about all the unfair trade with VAT that every country but ours puts on our products being imported!  Globalists don't care! Do you?


I bet it's wonderful being an Arizona resident! Ha!
Flake says "The rich needs tax breaks Forget about the Middle Class"
Encouraging all officials, not polarized Red or Blue show support for America's #ModerateMajority
By showing #PurpleCompassion  for all
I welcome your feedback regarding the #PeacefulSilverRevolution.

Securing America's Dollar for the first time since Nixon's Administration
I need a tax cut so you had better vote for what President Trump is proposing. Also, please repeal all of Obamacare
You're SWAMP!!!
Jeff admits that he is a globalist elite open border RINO
You are unbelievable  ! Off your game your book is anti Trump . You are up next year #notgoingtovoteforaflake
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwi2zo30r7nVAhVHwmMKHQ_mCKQQFgg2MAI&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.investors.com%2Fnews%2Feconomy%2Fu-s-gdp-grew-2-6-in-q2-amid-strong-consumers-investment%2F&usg=AFQjCNGAyYodNI4kexNBbcpgyKu6wA0HXw …  This is in spite of Never Trump RINOs like you & Senator Ben Sasse
Steel is a national security commodity. Here is the result of lopsided trade deals supported by bought & paid for RINOS like you.
The Dandruff Flake is Getting primaried!!  Ahahaha
Can't wait 4 primaries. Voters will correct this mistake and nominate a real conservative.  You and McCain are 2 of the worst senators.
Democrat Jeff Flake has got to be ousted from #azsen    Vote @kelliwardaz
I can't wait to vote you out!  I don't have health care because I can't afford it!  You should have come up with something
I'm hoping you get primaried next year. Send all the RINOs packing!
You have turned your back on OUR @POTUS ..now We The People who voted for @realDonaldTrump will turn our backs on YOU @JeffFlake.
Flake and McCain need to go..both are related to the Democratic FLAKE FAKE PARTY.
Vote @kelliwardaz .  If not a democrat would be preferred over someone who can't get behind who his so-called own party voted as @POTUS.
Flake is becoming the face of the RINOs. Let's see how that works out for him
Are you relayed to john McCain ??? Well God did our prayers wonders you are next , you do not deceive the people of this country and GOD !
Senator I hear your a rotten traitor to the conservatives . I will pray to God that your taken down for your wrong doings to this country !
2018 you are out. You have been weighed, measured, and have been found wanting.
Vote Kelli Ward 2018!
2018 primaries are huge, let's get rid of these RINOs
Repubs need to stick together and support each other
I live in California, a living hell hole. @JeffFlake & McCain will slowly do the same to AZ.
vote Flake OUT OF OFFICE!!!
#MAGA
Lol Brent Bozell calls u a fraud and an imposter.
.@JeffFlake I don't know what World Flake lives in but it's not reality! Arizona do us a favor and get rid of this nut job!
You have been named in #PedoGate, starting to understand why you're a treasonous globalist #PodestaEmails #Wikileaks #ArrestFlake
#DeepStatePuppet
Supported Hillary. does not support Republican agenda, betrayed President Trump & Arizona citizens good record for Jeff, lets dump Jeff
You are a class-1 A-hole.U would never win because we didn't want the policies of the Bushes- who were no better than the Clinton's or Obama
U Sir r a leader a hero to the American people truly proud of u ur colleagues need to honor u and stand together
I am not a cons. After reading some excerpts, I 100% respect for your views. With new understanding, I believe a bipartisan solution is real
AZ get rid of this clown, he is the worst kind of politician. Republicans were voted in again to help Trump-not defy
We the People r getting extremely close 2 bringing back the tar and feather policy. You, Murkowski, Collins, & McCain are first on the list.
This senator is a communists lover
This senator is the best ally of the Castro regime in USA
Next year You will be repeal and replace
Thank you thank you thank you!!! You are one of few saving the GOP. I admire and respect you. Thank you for doing the right thing
What an anti-American jerk!
People of Arizona - PLEASE end this mans career and the traitor John McCain. NO MORE!
You're done Globalist. Maybe you have a chance in the state of McCain the traitor. But you will be destroyed nationally.
Weak senator why you don't move to the democrat party , nobody believe you
Your out of office soon,  hope you have a back up plan.
it is really sad to see some  Republicans act like this, I belong to this party and people like you are making the party look bad #TRUMP2020



Flake is a damn good name for you!  There needs to be a D next to your name. ...
You're a traitor to our president and a selfish self promoter! Can't wait to help vote you out ! Shame on u !
You and Maccain are not true Republicans, you are enemy of the American people. Hope you are voted out. Flake and fake.
@kelliwardaz will take your place in 2018. Enjoy it while it lasts.
You're out of touch w/the Amer. people & need to get out of elite DC bubble echo chamber where you're all just trying 2 impress one another
You are a terrible senator
Flakey FAKE RINO
. It astounds me why a Rep Sen wld not want America to have more jobs! It's as if you want Trump to fail which in turn will make Amer fail!
Cuck
You will be voted out no doubt in 2018!!! I guarantee it!!! Have fun while it lasts!!! You are gone, going against @POTUS. Lol bye bye!!!
Regarding Hardball: Don't worry about your last name holding you back. Trump's last name means "Fart" in the U.K. Yup. President Fart.
Arizona vote this out or impeach
Sen. Jeff Flake for President; Sen. Tim Scott his running mate. Time to reunite Americans. Death to populism, left and right.
Your integrity/honesty about party, its effects, and alternate facts truly inspired me during this very scary time. Thank u. Real leadership
Flake
Sit! You are your namesake!!  You and mccain!!  You are not republicans and we need to get rid of you. You and Mac couldn't wear trumps jock

#NeverFlake @JeffFlake we are going to run a campaign head and shoulders above any #rinos to #MAGA 
Selling out. Rally with President. Geez. Way to go. You are not listening. #FlakeIsAFlake
Trying to sell his book, bottom line. Haven't heard much from him until recently and it just so happens his new book is out. I wonder why
Don't let others who hide behind their keyboards bully you. Speak up, follow your principals, act on what you see. Vote accordingly.
Sir, I personally have great respect for you. If you're going out there with your beliefs go all the way out. Vote correctly! Use your power
Flake's son among four charged in Arizona: 21 dog deaths, animal cruelty, suffocation
Why don't you just admit you're a Democrat?
You won't be re-elected in 2018 #MAGA
Pushing a lousy book when the country is at stake seems a touch disingenuous jeff. Why don't you start acting like a member of the majority
McCains protege. IMO Audacity to equate outsourcing American jobs with Republican free trade values! 2018 replace!
You are absolutely horrible! I cannot wait for primary campaigns against you. Thanks for looking out for yourself.
Gawd please Arizona. Get rid of this fake.
Your book is bound to be a major success - especially with you 53% conservative score. Isn't that an F? Lol
I don't ever support Trump haters and you are a Trump haters. Pathetic. Go pound sand.
Watch this Flake get melted
You are a fake conservative.  Hopefully you get removed!

You're the SWAMP
U just pissed off ur base and democrats still want nothing to do with you! Glad you made some money from Comcast selling us out!
someone please tell me this guy is being primaried  where do the contributions go.  AZ is Flaked out.
Jeff you are so done! We will do take you down & then indict you for treason, look out!
Ok, I'm a die hard Republican. After listening to you dog the party on talk sho I'm embarrassed for you. 2018 change parties you won't win.
Boy looks like you guys are making a lot of money Writing Books about how bad trump is Man what Should be thanking him
Your part of the ones that Lost touch We voted for him not you get the hell Out of the way we put up with this shit for 8 years
I can't wait for you to be applying for healthcare! Good luck! Not much to choose from on your state! 
We voted for trump not you how dare you write a fucking book And go on MSNBC And talk bad about the president
Honestly, The people voted Pres Trump. The vile narrative from media, congress senate is disgusting. Drain the swamp.  Look for another job.
Thank you, sir, for speaking up about what has been happening. Please work hard to protect our country from @POTUS .
sir congratulations Senator Flake for putting principles above party and calling out Trump, Mike Pence for president in 2017
Jeff & McBrain
Two US Chamber of Commerce stooges.
People of AZ. can do so much better.
We appreciate your integrity. Thank you.
U SHOULD WRITE A BOOK ON HOW U FAILED YOUR STATE WITH THE DISASTROUS O-CARE INSTEAD OF ON YOUR EGO & ALL ABOUT YOU? REALLY? Term Limits NOW
462 days, sorry I missed yesterday.
Ur time in Washington is limited since u trashed our President!
U and John McCain work for YOURSELF and your FCKD UP own opinions, not the will of the people. Hope U both ROT. Sick men with God complexes.
YOUR FIRED!!!!!!
Term limits, get scumbag globalists like Jeff "snow" Flake out of Congress. #MAGA
At this point it seems like America would be better off without a U.S. Senate AT ALL!  You can't accomplish anything!
BYE BYE JEFF.
Nothing to see here but more "Flake News!" #MAGA #REPEALFLAKE
YOU ARE THE SWAMP.CORRUPT AS http://HELL.YOU  SWAMPERS ARE DONE.POTUS HAS US.
You're a RINO!!  Leave the Republican Party and be the Democrat that you truly are. You and John McCain are ridiculous
Nice try with your book .The cats out of the bag you demacrate.I'm voting you out.
Senator, you are a turncoat that ignores what voters want. This won't be forgotten at election time.
@kelliwardaz !!!!!! DEFEAT THIS FLAKE!!!!
"Flake" is a fitting name for you! #drainingtheflakeswamp #MAGA -  REPEAL 'Flake the Fake'
This cockroach Just said he hates the American worker & anybody who voted for Trump.& Should have no borders.Funded by Soros Koch brothers
The people of Arizona you fooled you won't fool them much longer
You'll be gone we're going to make sure we get rid of you vote you right out of there then you can join the demo rats where you belong
You're just another RINO that needs to go! #DrainTheSwamp
We the TRUMP voters have made you number one on the list of "fake" conservatives who we WILL vote.out ASAP!

YOU ARE A FRAUD, YOU ARE NOT A CONSERVATIVE YOU ARE A GLOBALIST #BathHouseBarry buddy
Traitor to America.... #jeffflake
You are TOTALLY OUT OF TOUCH with the American people. To us. POPULISM means government for and of the.people!  Not lobbyists!
Need to change parties, join Pelosi and Waters.  Do your constituents know Arizona is no 1 in premium increases. Good luck next election.
You are a crooked politician who does not care about the American people just like seen. McCain wake up Arizona you are being lied to #MAGA
Help vote traitor flake out of office.  Put a conservative in
You're a traitor
You oppose trade reform regardless of how this nation and workers have been gutted. You work for lobbyist, not Americans.
Flake is fake
Trump's base is going 2 vote you out, so forget running for Pres. Dems won't vote you in, and base is blacklisting you. U R bought $ paid 4!
We'll vote you out of office next election.  You're a fake Republican.  #VoteSenatorJeffFlakeOutOfOffice.  #MAGA.
It would be nice 2 see you do your job v/s pushing your book by throwing Pres & Rep voters under bus to do so. You have no political future.
HOW DARE YOU GO ON @JoeNBC @Morning_Joe @morningmika
KISS YOUR JOB GOODBYE #vote2018
Exactly….so we can still have jobs leak for cheap goods.  Something has to give to stop the sucking sound.  You being voted out 1st.
Shame on you.  Flake indeed.
Sickening!
