Senator @JeffFlake and the Phoenix Police Department https://youtu.be/NoNfeq-o9lY 
This must be the day Flake saw the polls
Oh so that is who is lobbying you to trash talk @POTUS...We all know how corrupt the Chamber is.
Your healthcare vote sealed your fate in 2018

Why don't you try to work with the President you RINO!!
Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, are you a fool or what? Stop joining the leftist anti-american agenda & separating the U.S for personal agenda
You Sir, talk out of both sides of your mouth! I hope Sheriff Joe takes you down! You and McCain are traitors to your party.
Mac72... you are right on the money!!!
What about that pardon? Trump is crazy, step up and save us from him
Yes! Pardons are only for drug dealers and terrorists. What was the POTUS thinking.?
To be fair, there was a lack of treason to pardon during Obama administration. I'm sure he would've though.
Why do they have a separate one?
Stop pandering Jeff no one likes you!
Support our president
What happened to the American Chamber of Commerce?
AMERICAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE IS JUST A FRONT FOR GLOBALIST SOCIALIST!
Better hope they show up to vote for ya!
Hope you're working on your resume cause you're gonna need a new job 

How about getting back to D.C. and getting some work done instead of mooching free lunches around the State. Take your Brutus twin with you.
Stop Jeff.....your trying way to hard. It's over for you in 2018. You are going to lose. You are nothing but democratic troll
Your new name - senator jackassery. Get used to it RINO
Now help with DACA and immigration!!!
Kiss Ass.
No Laurie, you just wouldn't know a decent president if you found him in your lunch pail. You probably voted for that charlatan Hillary
Shame on you for not having the President 's back instead of stabbing it!
You will loose next election
I do not think so.
Read this and every other Flake thread. Notice his supporters are all liberals. A totally exposed GOP scam artist.
Jeff Flake ignores most of his constituents panders to the Latinos though does not unite us in an honorable & respectful manner
This Jeff Flake is rather weird; I wonder what triggered him to acknowledge and be " nice" to Hispanic?
Pandering
Does our alt right president approve?
Looser
Be sure to remind .@POTUS that Hispanics contribute #bigly to our #Arizona economy. @SenJohnMcCain too
The Senate mouse Jeff "Fake" Flake cowers in DC, knees a shakin...then comes home hoping we didn't notice!  Get behind POTUS dough boy!!
Too late for pandering you flake! Say bye bye...
Did u discuss DACA?
Tell those illegals you love so much "adios"
HEY JEFF

Ready to condemn #Antifa, yet?
I hope a big topic of conversation was how to #ImpeachTrump
Wahagaha... ruled out! Keep trying and crying!
Your outta here dude on election day!!!   Rino...fake senator!
#hotdogs
Your opponent is leading by double digits??
Really, the illegals or legal ones?
Oh I'm sure it is. Your out bud. You deflected and we remember
The lazy moocher Mexicans that illegally cross the border? Those hispanics? Did you vote for trump?
Who said: "I’m sure getting a lot of people around the state asking me to run against Flake"?
Clue: Illegals fear him. America respects him.
Joe?
Gracias!
Maybe you should also check out the ANTIFA, you rino.
RESIGN
Thank you. God bless you always. 
.did u ask what they would want u 2do 4 dreamers? Didn't think so #spinelessflake @kjzzphoenix #nosenate4uin2018
You're toast.
This guy is a disgrace as a human vote him out.
VOTE for
Dr. Kelli Ward
Will you protect DACA?  Dreamers deserve protection!
J flake. I hope you telling truth.  You haven't  helped this country yet.  Get back to Washington an do something for the country
You voted for tRump and his cabinet.
Off-topic---> stick it to those Trumpsters Senator! Continue to hold conservative views. #Historyiswatching
@USHCC VOTE KELLI WARD TOMORROW! VOTE KELLI WARD @kelliwardaz!! #JeffFlakeIsASellOutPuppet
Ward=contrail nutjob

The President’s #TransBan is reckless and discriminatory. 120+ of my colleagues and I sent him a letter urging him to reconsider 
You'll soon be known as 'one and done' flake.
You are a fraud Jeff
Thank you for standing up for the Latino community.
LMAO.....
Selling books on the Great Flake Book Tour. Hypocrite.

Trump revoked Obama's executive order on higher standards for flood protection right before #Harvey took off http://columbiaclimatelaw.com/resources/climate-deregulation-tracker/database/executive-orders/#13690 … 
