Agree we need to keep our opening! Let your comrades know this. #cubaisnotourenemy
Those that govern Cuba have killed thousands stolen properties from its rightful owners and divided families. How can anyone defend monsters
You're kidding right?
I know u we're with Pres. Obama on Cuba. Please fight to keep America engaged/leading in the world.
I wish you advocated for the rights of all Cubans with the same enthusiasm you defend helping the dictatorship in Cuba
You sir are a turd!  "I would you be either hot or cold, for if you are neither, I will spew you from my mouth" paraphrased from the Bible!
YES!!! A great piece that explained that Obama/Biden/Kerry actually knew what they were doing and the Wig-Wearer-In-Chief want's to roll..
it back. Strange that I actually agree with you Jeff. Hmmm. Stymied. Touche! Jeff you bested me this time, but lets do #FlakeTucsonTownHall
Business are business. Money trumps the right of the Cuban people to pursue happiness and freedom. #Cuba
u cant do this:Trump  gets a tax break with $1.7 trillion cut in food stamps, children’s health insurance, Social Security Disability Ins
how quickly we forget!15 of the 19 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia,what a great idea to give them $110 billion in American arms sales
Agree! Normalizing trade with Cuba is a smart thing to do.
Same day they got that arms deal, the Saudis plopped $100mil into  Ivanka's charity. Now, will the GOP cry foul? Pay to play. Disgusting
I can't waite to see this flake gone.
This isn't the 1960's. This is a case where a free market will improve democracy in Cuba while increasing our security and economy.
Sorry, but the Cuban regime has been toying with free market for 2 decades now and democracy is still light miles away.
You must be joking
#BadNonSequitur Tax cuts for the wealthy and cuts to Medicaid and Nutrition Assistance is pure evil. My guess is that you agree.
Interesting . . . but what I find even more interesting is the Health Care Plan coming to the Senate.  We here in Arizona are watching you.
do not let them cut my medicare i will be a dead man with out my insurance enough is enough please grow some balls we need u
I must respectfully disagree.  President Obama's policy toward Cubs is the threat to US National Security and rewarded the Castro Brothers.
You are McCain's mini-me. You couldn't pick a worse mentor. Think for yourself, represent interest of US & AZ. Getting sick of your treason
We need a #SelectCommittee Senator

Do your job @SenMajLeader

Don't be an #Enabler

Or even #KY & #SC won't be safe #RelectionRubberStamps
As a Cuban American w/ parents who literally fled Cuba in the middle of the night under threats of a firing squad, u @JeffFlake know nothing
Please just put a D next to your name!!! I'm embarrassed your from AZ @FoxNews #jeffflake
Normalizing relations was decades overdue. Never understand why so many cling to failed policies. It's not a party issue, it's common sense.

enhanced our national security!!!
So open Cuba=good, talk to Russia =bad??
It's about a United Cuba working together for our people our families, Vamos Cuba que si se puede lograr y tumbar el embargo para siempreJLH
I'm glad Trump went against Obama's reckless policies including opening another communist country. You and McCain have to be the worse rep.
It's not just Russia and China -- Cuba has been expanding ties to Iran. I wouldn't like to see "unvetted" Iranians 90 miles from Florida.
What policy? Nothing yet
I expect to see a Jeff Flake weather vane on Antiques Road Show any day now.
We, the people you represent, are getting tired of your fanatical desire to be "The Opposition."  You are the Swamp.
Obama gave Cuba, we got nothing. Where's the extradited New Jersey cop-killer JoAnne Chesimard in the deal. Some deal you flake.
I guess there in no way to recall a standing Senator.  Such a shame, He's a disgrace.
How long did it take or rather what did you have to do for Mitch approval? Mitch's pet Mormon not and oz on independence.  Fire Flake 2018
Tell that to every political prisoner rotting in jail #Cuba
Really? This is what you are focusing on?
Cmon jeff seriously
You are very appropriately named!
What laws did Comey break talking about an active case to his good friend Benjamin Wittes?
The next time you run I will be sending donations to whoever runs against you, Republican or Democrat doesn't matter
Why is your dumb ass against POTUS, what is wrong with you, you are going to screw it up for the entire nation you are truely stupid￼
You must have your TV tuned to @FoxNews Any comment on the @nytimes story regarding @realDonaldTrump conversation 2 the Russians? #impeach45
Agreed. Too long US ignored the changes in Cuba. Visited in 2012, found beautiful, friendly country. 90 miles from US, we need as ally.
Cuba is a wonderland for foreign tourists. The Cuban regime will never be a thruthful ally to the US
You support a party that has done far more to destroy out national security than any other legislation ever.
Agree.  Thanks OBAMA!
@JeffFlake Voice of reason (83.7% of the time)
US tourist going to communist Cuba must know that in Cuba there is a violation of human rights and there is no rule of law
is this really you, Jeff Flake?  Does the NRA agree with this or are you becoming your own person?
I bet you'd vote with Trump if he decided to terminate diplomatic/commercial relationships with Cuba.
I know where your head and McCain's heads are. Please remove them and get some sunshine on them. Believe me you're not smelling roses.
FLAKEY
How dumb is Jeff Flake?
I believe trump is going to do what is in Russian interests. I don't agree with Obama not putting emphasis on human rights but I think the .
The people of cubs are more likely to affect change themselves with American vs Russian interests present.
There are no Russian interest present, What the hell is wrong with you people
You're out in 2018 Cuba boy.
#FireFlake
#STUPIDO #IDIOTO   #DEFICIENTE
So to sum up on #Cuba:

Obama's policy - Enhanced national security and commerce 

Trump's policy - "Reckless"

Got it!
@JeffFlake is so pro-Castro, one has to wonder what Cuban Security has on him!
Good reco, thank you
Yep. Now let's work to remove other threats to national security 
Starting with golden showers President trump
My brain is curdling with all of the scandals, lies and  cover-ups from Trump and his administration.
I demand #Menendez out! 
#Democrat Sen. Bob #Menendez of #NJ indicted on 14 counts of #corruption. #Tatiana
#Democrat Sen. Bob #Menendez of #NJ indicted on 14 counts of #corruption. #Tatiana
FLAKENEWS
