Why do you support a bill that cuts people with preexisting conditions? Fellow AZ John Mcain does not support. Politics before people?
A fix not a flush, like this dookie
Too late sir. Seen you later.
YOU Sir wasted my time and my vote.  Disgrace

It’s a bad bill and hurts Arizona, how can you even think about supporting it? Do you even care about our state and your constituents?
You still don't get it. "#RepealAndReplace" ENDS affordable care. #GrahamCassidy isn't a fix, it's a death sentence.
ACA is going to collapse on itself as it was engineered to do.

Then Democrats will fall in he sword in 2018/2020.
#MAGA
Will it protect senior, the poor etc?
You're right,  the GOP and your rhetoric needs to end. Provide a better plan. Millions w/o coverage No Medicaid=NO FIX
You are out of touch. Fix it Flake. Az needs your help.
Or are you just feeling stupid because you publicly backed an awful bill before it died a slow death, wasting political capital on nada?
Over-the-top rhetoric? There were several independent studies released to the public including the CBO prelim analysis. Bill was crap.
What exactly did you produce to demonstrate such "over-the-top rhetoric" was just that? You offered no evidence to support your position.
so y don't u pass what congress has 4 rest of us? if congress had 2 use the same shitty care u wanna pass for us, we'd have good care today!
Yeah. Because you lost. It would have been great to hear this 8 months ago.
Work with the dems
If Repubs would stop trying to sabotage ACA and instead did something constructive to improve it, we would be better off! Fix, don't repeal!
You so Right tell Republicans
U r full of it...  Just one of those Arizonans doing just fine...  Stop lying...  Think of constituents... Instead of party over country!
So y dn't u fix it whn you and McCain had the chance? y r u asking POTUS 2 fix this whn U & McCain failed to back POTUS effort?
@JeffFlake ummm, you broke it, you fix it! Repeal all of the changes R's made to the original plan
Democrats only want something that props uo obamacare/keeps it in place. That won't work. The structural problems are to severe to salvage
No. We don't need to fix.  We need to repeal and replace as you promised
Step aside it will get done with people like Roy Moore and ur soon 2 be replacement Dr. Kelli Ward. U will pay at the polls
How about those that are helped?  Shore up ACA, no more repeal and replace cause we know the GOP has no replacement
#GrahamCassidyBill =throwing the baby out with the bathwater! Americans/Arizonans deserve a better plan!
Any chance you can convince your peer Senator from AZ to align with you and the President???
So do something about it.
The guys s bum
what happened to #RepealAndReplace the wave that many GOPer's rolled in on?Now all the sudden your congress has no ideas on how to fix this?
isnt over the top rhetoric the bread and butter of conservatives? i will always remember the 8 years they claimed Obama was not an american
The GOP's over the top bullcrap and lies were as transparent as the snake oil salesmen pitching it.
Try fixing what's wrong with ACA!
stop voting with Dumb Trump, or you won`t get votes at home,
Then fix the ACA! It must be difficult for a tiny brain like yours but you must work across the isle!
As an AZ constituent, I want you to work on the bipartisan approach to improve ACA!
Guess you should explain it to the other Brain dead senator from AZ
Then work across the aisle do fix it! I refuse to believe you are as dense as you're acting, Senator.
Everyone knows you'll prob lose your seat one way or another in 18, so maybe now's the time for leadership and principles? Could be fun!
Yeah but you would have voted to repeal.  Bipartisan work to fix existing ACA, it's the right thing to do

Bu Bye!
This is you and @SenJohnMcCain I can't wait until I vote for @kelliwardaz
We know why you support it. You're desperate to serve the plutocracy (including Trump) a win. Even if it means passing a terrible bill.
@JeffFlake told @foxandfriends he voted 30 times to Repeal. How many times did you vote Repeal while having @POTUS willing to sign the bill?
Families who rely on Medicaid to cover important services like early intervention are pretty upset about #RepealAndReplace.
If you were in danger of losing your healthcare coverage, you might be more understanding of those who cannot afford to lose theirs.

For people in danger of losing Medicaid, the rhetoric is not "over-the-top."
If you were not so busy with your Trump bashing book you might have figured this out a long time ago.
Are u kidding?? You could've worked with ACA instead of  non-stop  complaining and sabotaging. U could've been heros. VOTE NO!
And who stops Flake from working on reforming and expanding AHCCCS?
Thank you for finally noticing that we are hurting that is exactly my problem   No insurance not affordable
You know, you're right Jeff ... so help FIX IT!!  Enough of this repub #repealandreplace garbage. And stop with the ACA sabotage!  FIX IT!!
You failed to repeal and replace.  You failed.
Sir - you are correct about the rhetoric - please work with both parties to fix the ACA for the country.
RepealAndReplace  good speech but will it be done in time 2018 probably not
116 % increase! You and McCain are done!! Obamacare here to stay! The President will now deal with Chucky! Your vote not needed anymore!
because there's issues w the ACA & greedy ins co's is no excuse for you to vote for the ridiculous bills you've been putting out.
Work with Dems to enhance the ACA bill -leave it,but fix what is not working. Then move on to Tax Reform work together with Dems
And the GC bill was no fix. And you supported it. So disingenuous.
You're such a sellout. Shame on you.
You voted for the last repeal and replace. You vote what Trump wants 91.5% of the time. We have a system. FIX IT!
I suggest you try in a bipartisan approach to correct the flaws in the ACA (experience applied) rather than cont. repeal/replace venue!
YOU stop first!
Talking to no one, should have talked to McCain.
Trumpanzees already hate you. With your cowardice and heartless support of health denial, you're SURE to lose the REST of Arizona! You Lose!
Nice speech but also worry about Arizonan's like me who need preexisting condition protection. You are our senator also. Fix care for all.
You've lost  right wingers already! Now you're losing all moderates? For THIS GUY? You're a rubberstamping Party 1st Hack on ur last term!
Do something about health care! Think about something other than you political career. Think about people!
You just wanted the payout from insurance companies!
Stop sabotaging it!
Hmm here's a thought. Try working across the aisle to improve things. It's called governing.
Then put together something affordable thst benefits us all...you've had 8 years and 8 months
Fix the exchanges. ACA was originally the creation of the Heritage Foundation. Stop the BS.
Jeff US. Citizens are dying in puerto rico !!  They must have water food  shelter these are citizens.  We must have a berline airlift.
Idea: stop cutting funding.  Stop insurance from separating rural and cities is a great start
So make fixes to ACA. Forget the repeal
It is called #Medicare4All
Taking away coverage from millions of kids, seniors, people with preexisting conditions,  women... now THAT'S over-the-top. #regularorder
You keep ignoring that these GOP "healthcare" bills are universally hated by everyone in medicine.  That's not over-the-top...that's a fact!
What do you propose that doesn't affect our pre-existing conditions?
The rhetoric is over-the-top because #RepealAndReplace is over-the-top stupid and childish. People are dumbfounded you're still pushing it.
So fix it!  The only rhetoric is “repeal and replace.”  Fix what is broken and work together. That is why you were elected, after all.
Then fix it.  It doesn't need a politically motivated 100% repeal and replace.  We don't care whose idea it was.  Keep working on it.
The fix is to  #RepealAndReplace
So not true!
Yup...it is called “Single Payer” or “Medicare For All”. Maybe you would care to have a conversation with the gentleman from Vermont!
Need hearings with medical professionals, insurance people, activists, parents, veterans, chronically ill. Make some sausage. Do your job.
Yes. We need universal health insurance for EVERYBODY.
Then get off your butt and FIX it!!!! Bipartisan effort!! Start one today. Stop the BS!!
Trump doesn't like you. Dems don't like you cause you tried to take their healthcare away. You're basically screwed, Jeff
That fix won't be coming from the likes of you Mr. Flake.
So work across the aisle
My suggestion... Repeal and replace YOU and greedy DUCEY. Shame on you.
Agreed! Talk with Bernie! Sit down with Lamar and Patty! Put us, your constituents and fellow Americans above party. @SenJohnMcCain
AND stop GOP sabotaging of the ACA!
Y'all had 8 years to give us a "better" healthcare plan & what we got was 32 M thrown off insurance & tax break 4 1%. #emptyGOPlies
Uh, just bc u don't like to hear from ur constituents & their opinions doesn't mean there over the top! Get with the program Flake
Not so over the top if you tied your own family’s health benefits to the whims of your party for design.
You dolt!!!
Your constituents need someone smarter than the Republican repeal and replace, you dolt, Jeff!!!
Work across the aisle
Please do some policy study for replacement of ACA rather than recycling Republican/CatoInst bromides. Increasing HSA is not a policy.
"Over-the-top"? Since when did you have the epiphany? What were you doing the past 7 plus years when "Arizonans (were being) priced out"?
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill
Well talk to your buddies when you're in DC!
So fix it. Start with the insurance companies. And it was a wreck long before now Its a corrupt dysfunction. I suggest get to work
Oh shut up!
My advice: shut up about stupid R  plans n fix ACA! You'll be a fing hero!
Give it up. You lost. Obama wins. 
Get on the right side of this issue! You can't take insurance away from millions and think you're doing the right thing! C'mon midterms!!
Jeff, respectfully, it’s not over the top to state that this latest bill exposes folks w preexisting conditions, elderly, kids to huge risks
That's right, a fix, not repeal. So fix healthcare by fixing the ACA
The GOP has its own plank in the eye share of over-the-top rhetoric to worry about. Let's clean our house before policing the neighborhood
now get to work and fix ACA together, for ALL AMERICANS!
Where is the draft of YOUR bill?
What kind of deal did you make with POTUS? #GrahamCassidy is worse for Arizona then the ACA would ever be. Work on single-payer needed
We do not believe you.
You need to stop trying to kill your constituents and other Americans by supporting this awful plan.
so work on bipartisan fix to system, not Republican plan jammed thru just to uphold 7 years of rhetoric with no public input. Out of touch.
Just quit now. Please.
Then fix it.  Gets some help across the aisle.
Great so FIX it. Taking it away is not fixing. What do you do when your roof leaks, for Christ's sake?

Then take some time, work with dems..come up with something good, not this garbage the good is trying to pass. Think, plan,  ask questions.
Republicans were big fat liars on this bill. Preexisting is a deal breaker!
MY GOD! Stop the BS tweets & fix it!! Grow a pair like McCain & work with Dems on HC plan that works for all Americans! We're watching you.
"Welfare rolls were cut in half." Do you have stats on how many miserable underemployed opium addicts since then? I suspect a correlation.
I agree, stop the outrageous rhetoric. AZ's would lose $10.4 billion. People with pre-existing conditions would lose. Work across the isle.
51 times you voted for Repeal and Replace when it didn't matter. When Lobbyists and Special Interests groups didn't intervene
Republicans had 7 or 8 years to come up with a decent replacement. I thought you guys were supposed to good at business and stuff.
Americans want healthcare for all, go make it happen. Get busy. Stop working for your donors and work for the people.
Question: How many Insurance Companies provide Health Insurance in Arizona? Please provide us "Arizonans" a list of Companies. Thank You.
And what have you Senators been doing for The Past Seven Years???????
@SenJohnMcCain is over the top? I don't think so. Irregular order needs to end. Bipartisan solutions must come to the fore.
The only HC package u should accept is one that u are willing to be on...a good one, affordable/ free & incls everything an individual needs
You need to call out McCain.,
R's had 7 years to plan for this moment and all they came up with is a bill that creates more harm than good per all healthcare providers.
So fix Obamacare, Mr. conservative. Millions of Arizonia and this would've lost their healthcare because of you. Shame on you.
Then find one that keeps all current insured insured!!!
They do need a fix, a BI-PARTISAN fix to the current law. They do NOT need a tax cut for top 1%
Sorry Flake, your "fix" will not help the majority of Arizonians.Go back to the drawing board and present a plan that will really work
Then work with the Democrats.  Patty Murphy and co working hard for bipartisan fix that won't rip away healthcare for millions. Support it!
Medicare4All
That's right, let's fix what's not working and save the best parts. That's all people want. Work it out with entire senate.
So let’s just take it away all together
You are accountable to the people of Arizona, not just your vulture-like donors.
How about improving access to healthcare for all instead of constantly politicizing it by saying repeal Obamacare?
Repeal and replace solely because you don’t like the guy who built it is NOT an acceptable reason to support it. Shame on you.
So work on a bipartisan fix to the ACA and forget about a rushed, poorly constructed repeal and replace bill.
Are you completely tone deaf? I don’t even understand what you are trying to say, why YOU don’t understand how bad this was.
Why don't you release the bill to the public? Hold hearings on it? 

Keeping it secret doesn't help your cause.
Exactly.
So how about you actually work on BIPARTISAN health care reform and stop trying replace the ACA with this garbage.
Who purchased your vote (not needed) to screw Arizonans?
People want something Better then ACA not worse! That was the promise made by the GOP and after 8 years the best they can do is that?
THEN CHECK YOUR PRIDE AT THE DOOR AND WORK WITH DEMOCRATS TO FIX IT. THAT IS *literally* YOUR JOB.
And stop supporting piece-of-junk Republican bills that will only make things worse just because McConnell tells you to.
Your "good conscience" has not been engaged in these repeal/replace efforts. Your "lousy conscience" has been quite active.
Like... from the OMB? Damn those liberally biased facts!
U R A SHAMELESS CROOK, SERVING THE KOCH BROS & CATHI HERROD. WE WILL REPEAL & REPLACE U IN 2018.DISGRACEFUL
When the GOP gets a decent product, is vetted by the CBO, and garners bipartisan support, then you can make your case. Meanwhile, sit down!
You need to end being my Senator.#2018
Flakey's BS for his Koch money.  Get on board Medicare for all if you really care about all your constituents.
You LIE!
Well tell John boy his love of people should outweigh his hatred fro Trump!!
Is this something you have just realized?
This "over the top rhetoric" is called NORMAL LEGISLATIVE PROCESS. I'm sorry no one ever taught you that in pre-school, Flake.
Tell that to McCain, Collins, Ted Cruz & Rand Paul. They're no vote means a yes to Unaffordable/Unavailable Obamacare.
Over 650,000 Arizonans have health insurance because of ACA. You were willing to hurt these people! Improve ACA.
You have no fix, Senator. You've put forth garbage plans. How many were uninsured b4 the ACA? Your numbers are artificial, like your plan.
Your career has to end.
Time to vote I someone who actually has a conscience.
Gopers seem lost and unable to do anything. Don't keep campaign promises.  Why would anyone vote GOP?
So all 50 govnrs, virtually all health advocate groups & insurers speaking out against horrendous trumpcare is over the top rhetoric? 
When healthcare becomes not for profit and remembers lives are at stake, then the insurance companies and stop raising the rates..
Then stop wasting time and fix it!
You fail to see the people across the USA that will be dropped from the insured rolls. You would be signing their death warrants.  hear us
So start working on a bipartisan fix, Senator. Lead the way! Make us Arizonans proud.
Now u say, sorry!
Voters will remember in 2018 that you supported #GrahamCassidy and the damage it would have caused  families in AZ and throughout the US.
So work with McCain and the Dems to find a bipartisan fix that doesn't start with repeal
Too bad u supported a bad bill GrahamCassidy... I liked u until then. Bad judgement
Yes we do! So fix the ACA and stop trying to kill people.
You need to talk to your friend John McCain
So please fix it by doing the work. U should already have a plan. Do u need 6-7 more yrs????
Find 3 things to fix on Obamacare that everyone can agree on.  #Healthcare

Fixing is what needs done not repeal and replace.
Fix the affordable care act and everyone will be satisfied, stop the GOP BS!
How about a bipartisan effort to fix the ACA and make it a better option for Americans to obtain health insurance?
If you really meant this you would have been a 'NO' on Graham Cassidy.  Go peddle your BS elsewhere.  See you in November 2018.
Did you just wake up? "Too Late Flake "we already got your number & were dialing @kelliwardaz number 2 donate 2 her campaign to beat u
GrahamCassidy is not the answer.
Those below income caps have affordable care. I feel for the small businessman paying making 100K and paying 25K for family coverage.
So why did you vote for repeal and replace.  In my eyes that is stupid.  Something needs to be done to force bipartisan cooperation.
Are you afraid to buck the line or just stupid which I  don't  think is t he case.  Follow your own book or you will lose my vote.
