did you promise them you would stop the deportation in AZ vote Flake out he does not serve AZ for the interest of the people
So did you talk to them about that 20% tariff to destroy our state economy to pay for a wall that won't work?
When will you be hosting a Townhall meeting in the Valley of the Sun ?
This is lovely but your constituents would also like a little facetime.
so they are not ur version of the staff of ur "downton abbey"
I mean really brown shoes?
You would think it would be important to meet with and reassuring your constituents considering the shit storm. #2018
so are you going to make them pay for the wall?
no moral core. no strong convictions. you need a new job, jeffy
No friends on either side; happens when you have no core values, and betray your base.
He's part of the Gangof8 why is anyone surprised? He's been trying to get Amnesty passed for yrs! #FRAUD
if you have nothing to hide... You hide nothing!!!
I favor conversation about our immigration policy, but I want enforcement of our current laws re illegal immigration.
and them cart away those who live in AZ! How Hypocritical is this? HAVE you NO SHAME? Disgraceful votes 4 corrupt politicians!
#WakeUpAmerica @POTUS @VP
@JeffFlake Don't #TRUST this #GangOf8 #FRAUD #LIAR Es un traidor to America  @seanhannity @SheriffClarke
u made sure to say elected. Funny
how to get honest, people who will vote for the people in congress. Not a coward who vote the party#thatsuflake
@EPN do not trust Jeff Flake with Mexicos best intrest. He does not represent the people of AZ or the US. He reps subversive govt
You can talk to people from Mexico but no time for a #TownHall ? Maybe better if voters claim to be Mexican?
like the fact that AZ is turning blue and you're going to need a job if you don't start answering your phone
Too bad your constituents aren't as important to you that you won't hold a town hall to hear our concerns.
Flake the Fake
Great job, how did you explain POTUS's insane attack on the Mexican populous,  100k's Mexicans protesting Trump yesterday.
And yet you voted for all of DT's lousy cabinet choices.
enjoy #yourlastterm
Oh, like using the National Guard to round up Hispanics?
#voteFlakeout
so did you get them to pay for that wall? #ImpeachTrump
Thank you for voting for the Presidents cabinet.
Get their credit card numbers for the wall.
Are their kids going to attend school?  Because you just allowed an unqualified billionaire the power to ruin their education
like how to sucker your constituents into paying for the wall?  How it'll be ok bc we will bear the burden? #greed #resist
Do a town hall snow flake.
you are sounding more and more like trump. Must be sucking up for a position. That is what he teaches or hate
did you discuss that your Republican @Potus thinks they're rapists and criminals?
@SenJohnMcCain #Trump's Wall & that deportation must make for awkward conversation. Well, for someone with sense of shame it is.
Why aren't u as welcoming of constituents? Mary called the cops on voters! U won't even let voters park close to ur office.
we all know you get to keep the trade agreements if you do DTs dirty work#2018 new senator in AZ
How about constituents rather than photo ops. You are such a disappointment. Party agenda before country.  Supporting a liar 
Maybe they can vote for you in 2018 You will need the votes
in PHX? We'll be right down - we have important issues to discuss too!
I imagine you discussed the deportations of Cubans seeking freedom!!!
Like your pathetic confirmation of Sessions,DeVos and non-testicular deference to trump ?
.@JeffFlake Hope you reassure them that we are not a hostile northern neighbor. "Pobre Mexico; tan lejos de Dios y tan cerca a los EEUU"
wtf u meet with foreigners but not the people you represent?!?
What issues are you discussing? I assume you are not in favor of import/border tax since @club4growth is not. Inform us, please.
But I, as a constituent can't get an appointment to discuss issues with you. Why am I not surprised??? #Resistance
Are you aware of the treatment of your constituency by your staff yesterday in Apache Junction. I can come down to PHX & tell you
glad to see you're in town. When is the next town hall scheduled? Your constituents deserve face time too.
Hey, make sure they know that if they donate enough money to republican causes, you will vote any way they want you to!
yeah, I guess we didn't get the memo that Jesus was a capitalist.
I hope you're going to work on REAL immigration reform and not go along with Trump's money wasting wall. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
ask if they got a job for you next year vote FLAKE out
is one of the issues you'll discuss your #shilling for #racistleaders?  #youhavethebloodofmigrants on your hands.
Ask them why their water gives me a case of the hot snakes.
Did they mention anything about not paying for 45's wall?
When's your next Town hall meeting?  Shouldn't you hear our concerns?  Look us in the eye when you spew rhetoric.  #DoYourJob
Did you make sure they have their papers?
issues like removing Michael Flynn, holding the @POTUS accountable, and not becoming a fascist country?  #FireFlynn DO YOUR JOB!
good 4 u Jeff but make sure u r expressing the Presidents views not yours. We all voted for him. No freebies build the wall.
what are the important issues are and how do they relate to the people you were elected to serve. You've shown you don't listen..
Issues like how to start investigating Russian influence & conflicts of interest in the White House? These are nonpartisan issues
How come you couldn't be in Apache Junction yesterday with your constituency? They have many things to talk to you about
Are you in PHX right now? Want to meet up? I have somethings to talk to you about.
You don't want to meet then? Should I just list my thoughts here?
#fuckinwall
What?Like building a $21 billion wall and making them pay for it? Tell your president to start acting like an adult
signed an Arizona resident
do they know you have no integrity and can't be trusted #shameful #2018
like how the Republican Party has pivoted to white nationalism?
issues like how you let someone buy a cabinet seat?
