Go away
Somehow your last name is just so fitting....Hollywood couldn't write the script that's playing out....
I just responded: https://medium.com/@billndotnet/im-incredibly-disappointed-in-you-senator-e348fcba25a2 …

Looking forward to your response.
Good points....wonder if he will respond?
I seriously doubt it. I'm of the opinion that his positions are lobbyist funded, not constituent supported. Without major outcry attached..
Yes it seems they all have forsaken their constituents and taxpayers
You have still yet to answer this one simple question. How does your internet privacy "roll back" improve the lives of people in #Arizona?
Your last name is perfect. Only a Flake would publish something called power to the people while diverting all their individual power 2 rich
Every white Mormon family on a ranch had 11 kids.
just because Mormons didn't practice birth control doesn't mean other people can't. You are not fit to hold public office. Shame on You.
@Tesla working with @SCE to use solar batteries to replace shut down natural gas storage facility. https://arstechnica.com/business/2017/01/a-look-at-the-new-battery-storage-facility-in-california-built-with-tesla-powerpacks/ … 
We don't "got to have nuclear" new at least. Solar w/batteries & Wind have made tremendous leaps. Money spent on carbon fuels < alternative
Yes! Jeff, I recommend you read @billndotnet 's post to you, there's a lot of great information in there that you buddy Oil lobbyists...
are probably aren't telling you. And we're all fine with that, cause actual facts don't give campaign donations! Unlike the Club for Growth!
You know I'm not part of the "They're called batteries, Jeff!" crowd, but Jeff, like the time you said you voted on 2 of President Obama's..
SCOTUS nominees, in you last Medium post, and neglected to mention you "might" have been derelict in you duties to "advise and consent"
You won't catch me bringing up Merrick Graland's stolen seat and your culpability in it, oh no Sir, nor will I ever use those vile hashtags.
But I think you can clarify all this nonsense in a Town Hall, maybe in the Tuscon and Flagstaff areas (yes that's 2, I know) but the people
really want to get some #FlakeThoughts HA! See what I did there Jeff? I turned the tables on this hashtag nonsense. YES!
Tech is there, only your APS overlords don't want to lose $ #ShakeFlake @AZ_Indivisible @IndivisibleofAZ #FlakeTownHall
Can't wait to vote #noFlake2018
What would you know about that?
All those people calling and discussing at town hall how they do not support Trump policies .. have to wonder how he could have won.
AZ is more ideal for solar than Hawaii.  Sunshine 350+ days a year.  No more excuses.
Great, whatevs, Jeff. Still waiting for you to respond to my question: why does ideology supersede everything with the GOP?
When is your next town hall Senator Flake?  I still have lots of unanswered questions.
We still have not forgotten how you sold us out with your FCC bill
Why in the world would you argue against solar? Can't you even say s single positive thing about it?
50% by 2023 is much better than thinking coal is the answer! Protect the future, Mr. Flake.
He is not smart enough to know what to protect.  He's protecting  energy donors and old white men in suits. He is a sperm bank unto himself.
Who cares.. 524 days.
Replace him with a box of crest white strips!
If you give Exxon a waiver, you are complicit. NO power to the people. Do your job.
I think you missed the greater pts of many questions @ your TH. We want you to support renewables aggressively & acknowledge climate change.
this state could supply most of its energy needs from solar power if corporate money would just get behind it!!!
Here's a link to the Tesla project in case you missed details of the largest storage plant online in the world.
We understand your interest in nuclear is rooted in your history with uranium mining here and abroad. Renewable is clearly better, however.
So, if battery storage (and there's molten salt and cleaner possibilities) so close to mainstream, why invest in controversial nuclear now?
Decent answer, but with a few problems. #Tesla has completed a 80 MWh utility scale battery installation already in Mira Loma, CA.
https://www.facebook.com/martin.snapp/posts/1816151288402381?notif_t=like&notif_id=1492461892798620 …
Senator Jeff Flake
smirked and dodged constituents.
#2018, sir.
#NationalHaikuPoetryDay
Perhaps you should spend more time supervising your son. I hate to think where he learned that racism and homophobia were acceptable.
And our power will vote you out
I hope you understand your dimwitted audience that you rely on to further your own personal interest is getting thinner with each day?
Solar power is not as bad a fraud as ethanol. At least highly tax-payer subsidized solar works when the sun is out.
So why don't we have policies which would push for these statewide? You kinda just gave a giant non answer.
Your current worry in this climate... is ALPACAS? Really? THIS is what you and your constituents see as a concern RIGHT NOW? Pathetic leader
Hey Jeff have you ever heard of batteries? Solar power charges batteries in the day and the provides power in the night for lights.
Idiot.  They can still connect to the power company grid.
in AZ, the vast majority of our electric costs go towards air conditioning, which costs are incurred when the sun is shining.
if APS and SRP werent allowed to do everything they are to destroy residential solar, we could offset the vast majority of our power w solar
You just don't practice it
Power to the people to vote you out...you haven't been representing the people of AZ...you've put the party first!
you still don't get it- we want solar. sadly, you won't get on board till corporations make enough money w/the sun.
GOP fine with military R&D and illusion of clean coal, but battery storage is out of reach? Someone's been out in the sun too long.
But you don't listen to them!
Prove you represent the people. Hold Trump accountable. Latest executive order once again does nothing for little guy! He lied.
Power to the people would mean voting you out!
Your full response is even less illuminating than what appeared in social media. "Power to the people" indeed. More like power to the swamp.
Certainly the power of the people is in voting. I only hope people get out and vote against any republican candidate until there is no party
I wouldn't say republicans are the problem, democrats broadly are just as bad, but the senators here in AZ are both TERRIBLE!
Sad you refuse to give the people the power we deserve hope this the last we see you

As a politican,you could have taken some time out to say Happy Easter on Social Media. It's call a responsibility of those elected to office
I am Christian, but disagree that it's a politician's responsibility to wish everyone happy Easter, or any other religious holiday
If that is the case, maybe these same politicians should stop saying, "God Bless America" as a selling point to their corruption. Fact!
Perhaps with focused investment by the Federal government, instead of funding more war machines!! - WE could expedite. What is your plan????
Oh sweet Jesus, the irony. The senator who doesn't listen to constituents writes a blog post called "Power to the People..."  #stillwaiting
"Shockingly" tone deaf  appropriation of phrase after saying you'll  defund Planned Parenthood even though most constituents support it.
You were trying to be seriously pro-alternative energy but you're drawn to that word play. it's like Adam West Batman is your spirit animal
This is an extremely uninformed view of the state of #SolarEnergy You should read something your lobbyists haven't handed you...
#Flakeout2018
Power to the people? You said the opposite at townhall. "I support the president. You don't want me to vote that way. Agree to disagree"
You sold our 'right to privacy' to the highest bidder. Any credibility you may have had is completely gone. You're a pig
why? You don't vote like you believe in it.
Power to which people is the question. Us? Or big corporate donors? #FlakeTownHall Did you hear us Jeff? Did you?
He's a follower of the GOP not a doer
Where's the video of the townhall?we still remember that you sold us out on the FCC bill
And ignorant of solar at DMAFB, Tucson schools, homes, office parks, apartments. SOLAR NOW!
What disturbs me most is THIS is the question you want to clarify?

Why do you vote YOUR beliefs, rather than what constituents want?
I feel your pain, you're between a rock and a hard place with these knuckleheads. Can't fix stupid.
And as you that's not going to happen so look at realistically what are the option till we get to that point?
Also if the gov said tomorrow ok we are going 100% ASAP it would take years if not decades to get that all done so what do we do till then
Step 1 steal a supreme court seat from the party that still got more votes.
you can only say you got more votes if you count all of the illegal votes. shove it
And he wasn't saying screw it let's use coal nat gas forever he was saying there is another 0 carbon option till we can get there with solar
The only way to perfect an energy source is via nuclear fission where the only byproduct is steam... Unsafe to travel with Hydrogen
You can write?
Who would'a thunk?
The "noise" out of the @realDonaldTrump is really problematic though.....
Become forward thinking and invest in it. Stop being a pessimist!
What a joke.
ASU has a student population of over 71,000 and consumes more power than most small cities.  Get onboard or get left behind.
You sit on the Enery & Natural Resources Committee, for crying out loud! It's shameful that you know so little about this!
AZ has sunshine all but maybe 10 days a year.  That is not an excuse.  The technology exists.  Get onboard or get left behind.
* But like in a Citizens United corporations = people way tho
That's nice, but you didn't listen to our voices in illegal immigration and wanting the wall finished!
There is huge difference between running a home on solar Vs running a city or even a town some where with less sun light then Arizona
ASU has a student population of over 71,000 and consumes more power than most small cities. It is more than possible.
I'm not backing that he said we might be decades Vegas is powering on solar 100% I just said it's easier to do Vegas the NY
Don't worry about the haters do the job we sent you there to do and you'll be fine
More lies and misinformation. Update your talking points this was true 20 yrs ago We will reject you just like your alt facts. #flakeout2018
You still don't understand how this works.  Talk to people who actually have solar powered homes.
Are you entirely off grid or are you tied into a power utility? Are you storing electricity or sending it to the grid?
Hey Flake you are at the end of your first and only term bye in 2018 Thought LDS did not lie guess I was wrong
he is an embarrassment to the LDS community
Back @POTUS and get the rest of the GOP to do the same then our country will win like never before. We WANT TO WIN! Don't stand in the way.
Plenty of people in AZ live on solar alone. Yes, battery tech needs development. Your strategy is just to wait that out? No investment?
He actually did call for r+d at the townhall, although is more interested in nuclear than solar.
He said "We need research". He didn't say the USA (gov't) should invest in research
It's true that the funding source was vague.
But not solar power cause you apparently don't understand electric storage
His platform is whatever the republicans and lobbyists say it is. Power to the highest bidder.
Lame... Enjoy your last term.  You support other things over women's health and well-being.  You have no real platform...
Not all of us middle-aged men believe the way that he & many other representatives think. I have a daughter to take care of & a wife I love!
