Sunsets are awesome in the desert. God has a special palette for Arizona.
lol
Convince me that my faith is foolish. I'm interested.
If that is a serious question, then a great deal of info is here: http://wiki.ironchariots.org 
I am serious. Thank you for the link.
Do you acknowledge a difference between religious and spiritual? I will read the site and probably answer my own question.
Spiritual is one of the words folks kinda make up whatever makes them feel 'safe' with.  Such as:  "Well something has to be there, right?"
I gotta get some sleep.  Night 
Get behind our President.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't need any glasses, odd or even...
Great to hear, so when u r not reelected u will have plenty of time to watch the sunrise .  And ponder deep thoughts #realDonaldTrump
Yes @JeffFlake but dont you see the sun setting on your senate job because you hate trump?
Florida sunsets with big thunderhead clouds "Trump" the desert SW.  Keep up the good work.  We are watching you.
Enjoy what little time you have left as an elected official..."WE" intend to fire you on Nov. 6, 2018! LMAO
Looks more like a sun settng on your career
Waa waaa waaaaaa! Goodbye Flake.
You should really enjoy it when you are no longer in DC.
Reflection is always very eye opening when you remove the stick from your own eyes, u had no problem as long as it was you talking shit huh?
Wrong I saw both, the eclipse was wayyyyy better

Good please stay there.
I'm buckled and ready it's going 2 b a turbulent ride but worth it in the endHold tight Republicans
I like OANN
@JeffFlake in 140 characters or less do you prefer sunrises or sunsets and why
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
Hopefully when you lose you can sit back and take them all in all the time instead of screwing the people of Arizona with broken promises
You are a snowflake. You just need gloves
Flake the Fake.
Your going to love watching them every day once we kicked you out if office! It's now on Senator, you've betrayed us.
You elected a great man.  You should be proud of yourselves.
Hopefully #Arizona will enjoy a peaceful sunset tonight in the wake of @realDonaldTrump  #WhiteSupremacists Rally

#ProtestSmart 
Hilarious!!!! VLOG on #WhiteSupremacy https://youtu.be/iWUPsaLYYcY  #ImpeachTrump
You are an embarrassment to Arizona and the Oval Office. Start backing your President
You'll have the chance to see EVERY sunrise and sunset after the next election.

A crushing Flake Primary defeat offers AZ voters an excellent opportunity to help RINO's get their minds straight. Pro-Trump agenda or OUT !
You'll have plenty of time to enjoy this realllll soon.
You must have MISSED the total eclipse, eh?
Resign. We don't need you in Washington backing DC pedos.  Stay the eff home.
How many citizens killed by illegal invaders in your district were not able to enjoy that view, & you still side w/ dems that promoted it.
I'll take a Senator who votes how his people demand.
#Ward2018
oh Jeff do u really have to be such a cheap populist? comparing a once in every 1 1/2 years phenomenon to something that happens every day?
not sure where you got your advice, but it ensured your demise. Refund?
Go away. Resign.
Not interested in what you say. Neither are your office. They hang up on Trump supporters like me with a difference of opinion
Arizona wasn't in the path of totality, was it?
Now go ride off into it
Really? Did you see totality? Even 97% wasn't anything compared to the full-blown thing. Sunset in every direction!
It will be better when you are not re-elected. We need @kelliwardaz
You're simply wrong...this statement is clueless and science dumb do better Jeff
Support our Republican President @realDonaldTrump
The sun's about to set on your career.
Hopefully (soon) you'll have plenty of time to enjoy those sunrises. #gokelliward
Boy are you a flake or what? 
Ur going to be able to enjoy a whole lot more in 2018 when ur defeated!  Don't stand behind our @POTUS we will vote u OUT!! #MAGA
Jeff please forward Dr Ward's address so I can send money to her campaign.
Enjoy the sunset & may God Bless you & your family! Don't like your politics
Flake you are disrespecting Az. by not being at Convention Center! You are wrong & do not represent Az. The People will Speak!
Senator Flake: Please support the man we elected as Our President.  Time for the GOP to unite or face the repercussions accordingly. 
Climate change is not a hoax. Protect those Sunrises & Sunsets in Arizona & around the Globe. "It's about your grandkids Marty".
Ahhhhh, our little rino
I'm sure you'll have plenty of time after November..good riddance RINO
Here is an eclipse pic for you from yesterday. Enjoy!
You'll have extra time to see them when you lose
You'll have plenty of time soon enough. @
You well see a lot more Arizona sunsets after the next primary
You should stay in AZ then.  Don't bother going to DC
Support our president or head for that sunset on the horse you rode in on.
Good because when you're defeated next November you'll have plenty of time to watch the sun rise in AZ! @POTUS #RINO
Hopefully you'll have a lot more time to enjoy them soon! Arizonans just need to give you that by voting you OUT!!!!
Flake in Arizona ... Not in DC. No More RINOs!
Made in China, no less.
What's this about glasses?
You will have lots of time to view the sunrise and sunset when you lose in 2018!!!
Go @kelliwardaz
The nazi sympathizer is in your state and you are looking at the sunrise...
Your constituents don't like you very much based on their response to your benign tweet. Imagine if u said something important...#weseeyou
Did you help get Joe indicted? Cuz your sons killed 23 dogs in their care??https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/post-politics/wp/2014/06/23/sheriff-sen-jeff-flakes-son-was-in-charge-when-20-dogs-died-at-ariz-boarding-house/ …
U said U didn't care if U got re elected All U  wanted To do was sell a book Your wish is our command Good bye 2 the Flake HELLO Kelli Ward
Please, shut up.
Son you will be primaries and have much time to enjoy phony
Glasses needed if you look at the sun!
Great!! You'll be sitting on your porch everyday to see it soon! @kelliwardaz in 2018!!!
Well hopefully you'll be missing sunrises soon while sleeping in unemployed if voters do the right thing. #votenoFlake
Hope it's one of your last!! #crushflake. #kelliwardaz
@POTUS was right.  You really are a Flake.
after the elections when you lose you'll have more time to spend in Arizona
Ugh. Flakey
You'll be seeing more of them pretty soon when you are flushed when @POTUS DRAINS THE SWAMP!
Strange thing to say...both are natural occurrences given by GOD. #Flakey
Globalist . Swamp creature . Vote him out .
Wow
Just retire
what hate rally? all i see is a sunset!
The only thing prettier would be your campaign banner challenging Trump in the 2020 GOP Primary.
Hopefully you'll get your fill when you're replaced...
Enjoy it now.. soon you will be jobless in AZ.. voting u out for sure...
Resign. You suck  Elect #KellWard
Nobody cares what you have to say, except perhaps, "I quit". Retirement will come soon enough anyway but you should keep quiet til then!
Stay there and don't come back
Good. After election we'll see you get to spend more time here.
I hear they're even better when you're not watching them on the taxpayer's dime.
Press calls you a vocal critic of tRump. I've only heard you peddle your book. Stand up like a MAN, to the man/child/puppet/moron in the WH!

You'll be able to enjoy those sunrises more often when you're UNSEATED!
You are a globalist so do you even care about America?  Vote @kelliwardaz
You keep crapping on our president you could just stay there
I can hardly wait to vote your sorry butt out of office.
Think of all the sunrises and sun sets you can enjoy when @kelliwardaz wins the primary and then the Senate seat.
Hopefully, you'll get to see the Arizona sunrise year round beginning in 2019! #MAGA 
Um, So you think you can stare at a sunrise and not go blind?
Your sun is setting as well Jeff.  You had potential and unfortunately for you, the swamp has devoured you. Shame on you . #MAGA
You will enjoy a lot of those soon when a real republican replaces your RINO ASS
Counting the sunrises till your out of office now.  #kelliward  #MAGA
Jeff, you're a rich kid who bought your election.  You do not represent hard working conservatives and vets in any way.  Resign now!
Come 2018 I think you'll get to see a lot of AZ sunrises because you won't be going back to DC. #MAGA #KelliWard
Jeff Fuckwad doing 
Nothing agin you.going 
To say hello to some Arizona GOP tonight
LOL they would
Run out the building
stinking traitors You and McCain are rotten to the core. 
You're going to be spending a lot more time in Az.
Says the odd man who will soon be the odd man out! Go Dr. Ward!!!
Don't worry after 2018 you will have many to watch after Arizona replaces you and your boy McCain!
Can't wait to see you voted out
Bro, a solar eclipse is better than seeing the sunrise in AZ. That's fact.
#VoteWard #MAGA
Get used to them. When we vote you out next year you'll see plenty of them. Bye Bye RINO!
#UndercoverDemocrat
You will soon have a chance to enjoy that sunrise everyday after you lose your Senate Seat in the Primary!  Good day Sir!
Hopefully one at least had sun glasses if they're coming south on the 17 into the curve.  #sigalert
As a republican for many years I am appalled at the way POTUS has been treated by his own. Disgraceful. No support=no vote from me!
Enjoy the sunrises out of power. #rinoouttopasture! MAGA @kelliwardaz is a much better leader!!
You're an embarrassment to your state and this country... shame on you.
No more Flakes in DC.
I'm hoping this is a good day for you, and for the people of Phoenix this evening.
Shut up fraud!
Were you cuddling with your pet Antifa?
That'll work out just right because you're about to have a lot of time on your hands.  Sun going down on down on your career pretty fast.
I hear you!!! And thank you for standing up for what is right!
We prefer real senators be voted in.  No odd glasses needed for that either .  Enjoy the sunrise as you ride off into our awesome AZ Sunset!
Flake, we have no room for despicable pieces of unAmerican trash in our Senate, can't wait to see yoy go down in flames
I wish this was all you thought about instead of how to screw the party out of a functional majority.  You and McCain are through.
I'll take HC repeal and replace NOW like the republicans promised
No odd glasses need either
You can see the tabernacle from your front porch..I wonder if you've made them proud...I wonder.!

Jeff the Flake is in for another eclipse coming soon, The Kelli Ward eclipse!
Pls help #45 find a face-saving way to cancel tonight's rally, OR show up and protest. ADL rally at 3:30pm. See you there?
Hopefully you will be able to watch them every morning when you lose in primary.
I saw a red sunrise today beautiful but its a warning. And a Nazi is coming to town.
Climate. Climate. Russia. Russia . Racist. Racist. Nazi. Nazi. What's next week?   study history. You are lacking.
Great speech by your POTUS huh? I think so
You should start preparing for your SUNSET which is around the corner. But in case you missed it
Today would be a great opportunity to apologize to the POTUS for undermining his agenda. Seeing that your constituents voted for him.
At least we know why Senator Jeff Flake wants illegal immigration and oppose Raise Act. His family is corrupt!

https://www.numbersusa.com/blog/sen-flake-extols-his-familys-illegal-alien-hiring-attack-raise-act?platform=hootsuite …
Arizona sun rising, Arizona Obamacare premiums rising (116%), it's all good, right Flake?
I disagree with much of your politics, but for the nation, I sincerely ask that you COMPLETELY ignore trump's rally & EVERYthing he says.
Amen and amen
You too! SNOWFLAKE
Your going down in November.  President Trump has You in his sights. Good riddance
You'll get to see plenty more when you're unemployed.
will we see you at the Trump Rally tonight, Oh that's right you are a Trump hater. I think Kelli Ward will be there, let's elect her.
It was especially beautiful on the 10 towards Tuscon, with nothing but the mountains to frame the scene
Truth be known. You probably need them.
Seems odd to celebrate the ordinary, but that's your choice, sir. :p
Step up and support our President!
Too scared to attend rally tonight?  Not your president?
Thank you for having the courage to stand up for your convictions regardless of criticism.
I know we've butted heads, but you could beat @realDonaldTrump in 2020. Heck, I'll even work your campaign in Oregon ....
Finally he says something you can believe
LOL  Hope ya'll replace him  Keep fighting to drain the swamp, keep fighting on Twitter,  your activity means something,  we have to fight
I will be in your office in a few hours, will you be there to hear concerns about veteran issues at the PHXVAMC? Veterans are watching!
I am sure that's pretty much all you do is watch sunrises in our great state What a waste of votes my family made and we won't make it twice
No one cares what you have to say
Agreed. Stop with the phony "nature boy"
crap.Your days are numbered. #MAGA yo.
Today is  your day Jeff, your @POTUS is coming to town :) :)
Jeff fake, we see you.
It's time for someone with will to fight and is not a RNO
Jeff,..  Us Dems would love to have you!  Obviously the moral majority has changed teams, you should too.
born  is Phx, living in Cali - still miss those sunsets.
hope & prayer  that AZ wakes up to beautiful sunrise tomorrow after peaceful night. But I have a feeling Trump will incite violence tonite
Get behind the potus now if you want to keep your job!  You r a big disappointment !  Embarrassment !!!
Flake is a FRAUD. Practicing Jackassery every time he opens his mouth
I agree.
I'll take a repeal of obamacare any day of the week.
#jeffflake2020
Why don't you try Venezuelan sunrises, & sunsets ... about 30K of them?
Think you have been in an eclipse for a long time now. Haven't been listening, maybe you will learn when you get primaried.
There's literally a sunrise every day of the week but not a solar eclipse. That's the problem with the GOP, Never looking at The Big Picture
Arizona is almost entirely dependent on trade with other nations and foreign tourism for its economy.  What's the export for AZ, cactus?
Okay?
Jeff Flake = Senator Jackasser a republican RINO
