22 million other families don't want to lose their dad either.   Vote no on #Trumpcare.
Not the time or place for that.
You don't get to select the timing of my comments.  It's the perfect time for that.
Freedom!
So sorry for your loss.
My condolences. However the #BCRA is going to cut funding for nursing homes which means a lot of elderly people dying in the streets.
I hope all govt hc is repealed just to ensure not one dime of my money goes to helping you.
His dad died under ocare. However, both bills are horrible and need 2 b destroyed. Freedom is always the best solution
Agreed. The total disfunction in DC is completrly predictable given the insane amount of power and money progressives trusted them with.
On both sides. There's precious few that actually want to govern via constitution
The republican party is a progressive party that is openly hostile to its tea party element.
Please don't gut hospice.
I hope all govt hc is repealed just to ensure not one dime of my money goes to helping you.
Sorry for your loss, Jeff. My dad passed 15 years ago and I still think of him every day, just as you will think of your father.
Sorry for your loss, don't take away my families health care.
Ocare took my families. No government interference is always a better answer
Very sorry for your great loss. May God comfort & keep you.
Sorry for your loss
Im sorry to hear of your loss @JeffFlake prayers for you and your family!!
Sorry for your loss. I lost my Mom a year ago. Very hard. But I know she's with the Lord. May you and your family find comfort as you mourn.
Jeff, I am so sorry. I really really liked your dad. He was a great guy, a very fine man. Let me know if I can do anything to help - xoxoxo
Blessed Journey Home Dean. Sorry for you and your families loss.
I am sorry for your loss. You are fortunate to have had such a positive role model.
My deepest sympathy to you and your family. May God's love a grace bring you comfort. May your warm memories bring you the great joy.
You have my sincere condolences on this tremendous loss.
His position on health care as a right? Because if he was all rugged individualist + personal responsibility, what if you'd been born sick?
Sorry for his family and friends loss.
lol
I am so sorry for your loss!  Praying comfort, strength & peace for your family!
Sorry for your loss.
Probably died of a broken heart because his son has betrayed this State in every way. At least your Father had Healthcare. 
Now he can RIP.
Really?  You had to make a political statement?
you should be happy for him.  now, he doesn't have to see you ruin our country with the @GOP as you've been doing. #RIP
Sorry to hear that Jeff, Prayers are with your family !
Sorry for your loss God Rest his soul
So sorry for your loss.
Condolences.
Deepest sympathy @JeffFlake. No one is ever ready for turning of generations,child>adult orphan. Wishing peace & strength,heart to honor him
Sincere condolences... Would your hero advise you to take health care away from the poor? No hero would.
When it means forcing working Americans to cover the cost of insuring all the welfare leeches,then yes, ANY hero would
In his memory, vote no on AHCA.
His dad died under ocare. I hope he votes no on this and yes on complete repeal of ocare
The loss of a parent is one of the most difficult things we go through in life, but it helps to think we will see them again.
My condolences to you and your family for your loss. I lost my dad in 2015.
Very sorry to hear that, senator.
So sad to hear of your loss. All the best wishes to you. I think we are distantly related as I am a "Flake"  too. William Jordan line
May God bless you and your family.
To my fellow D's saying horrible things to Sen Flake, your disregard for human life makes you a hypocrite when u complain about GOP bill.
So sorry for your loss Senator. My prayers go out to you and your family. He must have been very proud of you
The day.I lost my Dad was one the hardest days in my life. God bless you Senator
Despite who he was or what he knew he would be even more proud of you if your goal was to help humanity even if it's against party politics!
Hopefully, he'll vote no along with ridding us of ocare, which has stripped my family of health insurance.  No government interference
Wait til you get the new proposal. You thought it was bad before...
My mom passed away last week. My condolences to you and your family. Hardest thing I’ve had to face in my entire life.
My Condolences, please consider how fragile life is and vote NO to the #weathcare act. America needs to be kind again.
Think of your dad and don't kill millions of Americans with that faux healthcare plan. We know it's only to stop tax cuts on very wealthy.
His dad died under ocare. Hope he votes no, yet yes on complete repeal of ocare.
No, his father didn't use ACA. He had private insurance because he was wealthy and didn't need subsidies. Stop lying.
So sorry for your loss of a great man.  You and your family are in our thoughts.
Sorry for your loss...
A sad day. I still think about my Mum every day, mostly laughing now. That took a few years. The first 6, laughed and cried on & off. Work+
Sending you good wishes
I just list my Marine Dad in Dec. My sincerest condolences.
So very sorry, Jeff, for the loss of your beloved father. I am also very sorry for the mean and cruel things that have been said to you.
Mad respect for you and your dad.
He was a very good man.  Heartfelt love for your entire family - from Taylor, AZ.  Thanks for ALL you do and put up with!!!
Sorry to hear that, Jeff. May he rest in peace.
I'm so incredibly sad for your loss.  Dads are one of a kind in our lives.  I still miss mine every day.
Sorry to hear about your loss.  You and your family are in our prayers.
Sorry, Senator.  Just lost my oldest daughter, a wonderful woman.  It hurts.
My condolences to you...
RIP.
I am sorry for your loss...
Prayers to you and your family. Memories are golden!
So sorry to hear the passing of your father. My thoughts and prayers are with you.
Deepest sympathy and prayer for you and your family
Deepest sympathies on the loss of your father. I am sure He was very.proud of you. Keep fighting the good fight. Prayers with you all!!
Perhaps you too are persuaded to believe that you will see your dad in Heaven. Great, yours and mine.
So sorry for your loss, Senator.  And I'm sorry you have to put up with such vile abuse on Twitter at this time of personal grief.
My condolences to you and your family for your loss, Sen Flake.
Mine died too because FL refused Medicaid expansion.  Those alive now and receiving will die without.  Just say no #trumpcare  #KillTheBill
My condolences to the loss of you dad! May the great Spirit provide comfort to you and your family.
And although not my duty..i would like to apologize for my fellow Americans who obviously weren't raised with any respect..based on comments
Deepest condolences from Nevada...as a son and a father i can totally feel the pride & pain in your words...relish the memories..RIP
Praying for you, your family and all whom loved your father.  God bless
So very sorry for your loss. 
Sorry for you and your family's loss Senator.
Jeff were so sorry to hear about your Dad our prayers are with you as you heal from the loss. God bless him and your family during this time
Sorry for your loss. Condolences.
Sorry for your loss
I'm sorry for your loss.
My family's sincerest condolences. Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
I am very sorry for your loss
So sorry for you.
Sorry for your loss, may he RIP
sorry for your loss
Condolences, Senator. You and your family are in all of our thoughts and prayers.
My condolences. At any age it's hard to lose a parent.
So sorry! Praying for you and your family!
Very sad. Our condolences.
My sympathies for all of your famila.
May he rest in peace. My Heartfelt condolences, Senator Flake.
Sorry for your lost. Thoughts and prayers for you and your family!
I'm sure your father is very proud of you. Sincerest condolences to your family right now. Rest your mind and heart as best possible now.
Condolences from a resister in Virginia. So hard to lose a loved one, and I will keep you and your Dad in my prayers.
so sorry to hear that. sending my prayers & condolences.
My condolences Jeff. Losing a dad is truly one of life's toughest things. I can relate.
I am so sorry for your loss, sir. May I also say, you look exactly like him!
Praying for you this am in Jerusalem
You did him proud, Jeff.  God bless him.  May he rest in peace.
So very sorry. Condolences to your family. May his soul rest in peace.
Blessings to you Senator.
So sorry for your loss
I'm so sorry for your loss.
My Condolences.
I am so sorry for your loss.. May your dad RIP #Arizona #Snowflake
May the Lord comfort you & your family in your time of need. God bless you.
I am sorry for your loss, Senator.
Very deepest condolences.
Our condolences to you and your family, Senator.
Sorry for your loss
So sorry. What a blessing you had such a wonderful relationship. Condolences to you and your family
Our sympathies to you and yours
Deepest sympathy and prayers for you and your family.
Sorry for your loss.  Prayers
Sorry for your loss. Hope he went peacefully.
I'm so sorry for your loss. I pray God's comfort, strength, and peace over you during this time.
Such times remind me we are fragile creatures who must feel safe, loved & pain-free. We disagree on politics, but I truly wish you the above
I'm sorry to hear about your loss.
Condolences sir, so sorry for your loss.
sorry for your loss Senator
Sorry for your loss Senator @JeffFlake
Sorry hear this...hugs and prayers to you all.
Very sorry for your loss.

Very sorry for your loss. Hope your family finds the strength to cope in this difficult time.
Condolences from Indivisible of AZ.
God rest his soul
My sincere sympathies, senator.
Prayers for you and your family. I lost my Dad in 1995 , still today.
Very sorry for your loss. All the best to you and your family.
I'm sorry for your loss. Imagine how bad you would feel if your father died because he hit a lifetime cap on insurance, or lost Medicaid ...
Our prayers are with you and your family my friend.
Hope he had medical insurance.  You don't want to pay all that money.
What a tribute. Wish I had known him or u
So sorry for your loss.
So very sorry Senator Flake. Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. May he RIP! 
Sorry Senator for your loss. May God bless and watch over your family.
Sorry for your loss.
My sincerest condolences, Senator.
Senator so sorry for your loss. deepest condolences to you and your family. 
My sincerest condolences, Senator.  It's been 17 years since I lost my parents, and while the grief gets better,  I still miss them so much!
I am sorry for your loss, always hard to loose a parent no matter your age.  Now you are "The older generation"
I lost my father on the same day four years ago. I am so very sorry for your loss. If you'd like to chat let me know. Peace to you.
Sorry for your loss. I lost my dad yrs ago, and then I promptly went back to work... Comments on health care? Taxes. You have a job. Do it.
Jeff: The loss of a parent pales in comparison to the loss of a child... Comments on health care? Seriously bud, you have strange priorities
Sorry for your loss.
So very sorry for your loss.  It's not easy to imagine the world without your Dad, I know. Hang in there.
My thoughts are with you, so sorry for your loss.
Sincere condolences on your loss, Senator
My condolences for you and your family.
My condolences for your loss, Sir. I hope you find comfort in your wonderful memories of him.
Sincere Kind condolences!!! You look just like your DAD!!!
My condolences to you and your family. 22 years later I'm still feeling it.
Sorry for your loss Senator
So sorry about the loss of your dad.   I'll bet he was very proud of you.
My sympathy, Sen.  Love his pic-such a pleasant smile and cool hat! May God grant him eternal rest and let perpetual light shine on him. 
God bless you and your family!
Sorry for your loss.
Strong resemblance, Jeff. My condolences.
I'm so sorry for the loss of your father.
My condolences.
So sorry for your loss. Life is just so short.  God bless you & your family during this difficult time.
Yup, I loved my father too. He always taught me to do the right thing. Think.
All of America grieves with you.  Let us make sure we all understand health is more important than wealth.  All our sympathies. 
All politics aside. I recently lost my mom so I know how you feel. Condolences to you and your family.
So sorry
No words. 
Condolences to his family and loved ones.
Condolences, looks like a thoughtful man, think of his legacy when voting Would he have 
mocked the disabled and demeaned women? Honor  him.
So sorry to hear about your father. My condolences, and I hope (and believe) you have many wonderful memories to provide some comfort
My deepest condolences senator.  May the memories and love shared comfort you through this difficult time
Vote NO on Senate AHCA. Serve your constituency!  Repair ACA to make it work for ALL AMERICANS!
I'm so very sorry. Doesn't matter how old you get, you will always be that little boy who needs his dad. Sending prayers for all.
Very sorry to hear this, peace to your family.
Sp sorry for your loss.
My condolences Senator. May he rest in peace.
So sorry. Lost my Dad 24 years ago. Miss him still every day, but that's ok! Peace. 
Sorry for your loss, @JeffFlake . I lost my father when I was 23. I know heartache. Please vote no on AHCA. Save constituents' lives please.
My condolences to you and your family Mr. Flake.
My condolences Mr Flake. Heros remain in our minds and our hearts.
My condolences, Senator. Peace to you and yours.
Sorry for your loss.
Very sorry to learn if your loss.  You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.
Sorry for your loss.
I'm very sorry to hear that I will be praying for you and your family
So sorry to hear this Jeff... My deepest condolences to you and family ...
Sorry for the loss of your Father. May God bless you & your family.
I am very sorry for your loss. My thoughts and prayers to you and your family
So very sorry for your loss
Sorry for your loss, sir
@kennedy072357 My deepest condolences! Losing a father is the worst thing in the world! I would give anything to see my Dad again
I don't know you, but this moves me. I'm so sorry.
God Bless your father, you, and all your family -- my deepest condolences.
So sorry for your loss.
So sorry for your loss Senator.
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family, Senator Flake.
We would like to express our sincere condolences to you and your family.
Sorry for your loss, Senator.
Deepest sympathy Sen. Flake
@sahilkapur Our sincere condolences to you and your family.
My condolences
