but still too hot for planes to fly. Thank goodness there's no global warming, we'd be in trouble there<sarcasm>  #trumpcareSUCKS #trumpLIES
And it's part of climate change. Perhaps you could let the president know.
Feeling the heat! Seems like Trump's speech should have mentioned you specifically. Vote NO on #ACHA  and the people will have your back!
If you're in D.C, you may want to stay there a bit longer.
Yes! It's hot! Yet our Mexican workers are still installing new roofs and doing landscaping! Have you said thank you?? Or are you deporting?
Hey One Term Flake people die in heat like this More will die as you vote for the current health care bill You make jokes about that
Here's what our reporters think of that dry #heat 
It's not funny that I have to choose between air conditioning or medical care when it's this hot, but I do. #DoYourJob #ShowUsTheBill
Do you want to make these decisions for yourself or do you want a government bureaucrat to make them for you?
I want affordable healthcare, since the "free" market has never offered that, although it got better with the ACA, I'll take single payer
We haven't had a free market in healthcare since at least WWII. Just about every problem in HC can be traced back to government intervention
But you failed to address my point about scarcity. The fact is either you will decide when, where and how you get HC or the government will
It is a republican fallacy that the government decides on healthcare for anyone.  Ask anyone on Medicare how it works & they will tell you
My parents are on Medicare. And Medicare decides what it does and don't cover. Beneficiaries have limited abilities to choose between plans
There are supplemental plans to help with that.  Medicare will be cut by this bill, as will disability coverage.  There's an age tax
Wait for July
.@jeffflake  It's going to get a lot hotter in AZ if you VOTE FOR the AHCA.  Although, losing your re-election you'll have time to leave AZ
YOU can't take the heat...hiding in Colorado w/ Kochs

Triple digits the public has been at your office- and will hold your feet to the fire
hey Jeff GET ON THE TRUMP TRAIN!  Support OUR  President !
have you seen the top secret health care Bill?
Yes, it's very hot. Too bad the people who need to visit ER for heat stroke will be shut out by #AHCA
It would be really awful to have heat stroke and no medical coverage don't you think, Senator?
Stop denying climate change and maybe it will stop. Oh and #ShowUsTheBill so people don't have to choose between AC and Healthcare
You remember us in AZ?! How about you vote for us for a change and not @GOP. Protect our healthcare!!!
Global warming is real. Also, vote no on #Trumpcare or your constituents will vote no on you.
So some courage and vote against ahca
#climatechangeisreal @twwnaz @WLiberals
Vote no.
@chrisgavin47, how do you do it?
2 many good republicans have sold their political soul 2 Donald Trump. seems like it's about votes 1st & the ppl second! #peoplefirstagain
Mr. Flake, I'm asking U 2 please vote NO on AHCA. Trump is destroying  the integrity of many good Republicans. We're SCARED! #standuptotrump
Mr. Flake, I'm a Democrat but I admire your willingness to speak across party lines. That's the Republican Party I remember. #ThankYouJeff
The Trump Train loathes you. See you in 2018.
I just moved here from Beverly Hills California to Scottsdale Arizona to make a big difference. Support Donald Trump and Jeff Flake 
#NoTrumpCare , it's a disaster which could lead to your political demise.   
#FixObamacare @SenJohnMcCain
So is my oven. 
Please vote NO on TRUMPCARE.  
It isn't fair & it isn't right.  
We need to review the bill.
Say that getting in your vehicle lol
Healthcare, Jeff. Healthcare Healthcare Healthcare. Keep your eyes on this critical issue. We the People want a #BIPARTISAN effort. 
Is heat stroke considered a pre-existing condition in AZ? #healthcarereform #talkaboutwhatmatters #nosecrets
Always makes me laugh.
Mitch's pet mormon.  A man of men who does as hes told. Not an independent thought.  Yes its time to fire Flake 2018
A great day for heat exhaustion! Be careful out there if you end up walking anywhere, and make sure your pets are IN.
Many have replied to your insensitive dry-heat tweet. Believe in climate change! Also vote NO on "mean" health care!
Wow!!
Unlike the temp of the hidden healthcare vote. I heard that's a scorcher for 2018.
6% humidity but hot is hot. #monsoon season is here!!
Jeff, you are so clever.
U promised support for k-12 education in az before the election than reversed your position after u were elected? U r a political hack.
Feeing the heat in health care yet? Protect your people over your party! Our lives depend on your vote.
Makes you just want to whop them upside the head. I turned the oven on to get cool!
you have actual work to do. Enough talking about the weather, unless that's a climate change acknowledgement.
And most of your party disbelieves & acts against climate scientists. Their ignorance will quicken our demise. #CountryOverPartyPlease
Perfect time to sum up the #AHCA and share its contents with your constituents
You're a #fakerepublican like McCain-two major issues and you're against the Republican President on both.
Please don't take women's health or Medicare or put caps on americas healthcare again. Be our hero for a change please #resistancerepublican
Worried about global warming yet, Senator?
Um...yeah. A little help here.
Open Borders Flake wants more degradation of our culture
Deport Jeff Flake
Halt immigration 30 years for assimlation to occur
#maga
Handel

Pass the mean TrumpCare the poor here in AZ will choose airconditioning over medical. At least they will a cool place to die.

VOTE NO!
Vote Yes @JeffFlake. Lady is nuts- w/soaring prices of electric,we won't afford cost to run a/c & die in the house bc can't pay Obama prem.
Yes, I hope no one has to seek medical attention
Yikes, yikes, yikes. Keeping the folks in that city in my thoughts. Man. . .
#Yuma was 120 degrees today. #overachievers
Hey There, When are you going to speak up and let us see this potential healthcare law? #reelction
Yikes!
Vote no on #trumpcare
It has to be dry @ 120d!
Climate change is real and Arizona may be unsustainable
Will get even hotter for you if you don't speak out on Health Care. One sixth of the economy and touches everyone in the country-what say u?
So let's eliminate the EPA
Protect OUR WILD HORSES.  @JeffFlake
Even a tad bit hotter in the West valley, Senator!
Hope the weather in AZ is getting cooler soon...
Much like my sense of humor. While I have your attention, vote NO on the senate's health care bill. #medicare4all
You say dry, I say oven. 
Yeah, me know....how about telling us something we don't know...like are you supporting the secret #AHCA that will devastate Arizona?
Dude, the climate is changing. Rick Perry is a national disgrace. Ask any scientist at the ASU center you brag about.
Climate change but oh your team doesn't believe in that.
so's a blowtorch
Thank you for your service. Glad you are safe
dafuq?
Took one for the team.
The Russians?
