Nice to hear the senator finally say something positive about our president!
P.S. That Senator is YOU
I'm sorry, but he doesn't get credit now for something he should have done months ago.
I understand your president demands loyalty and ring kissing.  Look at Collins who gets rewarded for standing up.  Do not bow to mob boss.
Kudos--I guess--to the speechwriter for that, at least. DT had nothing to do with it. He's the GOP village idiot. #resist


Courage for those loyal to Constitution and not to president.  No job is worth betraying our values or sovereignty. #SupportSanctions
@JeffFlake  needs to set a higher bar for Comrade Trump.  Republicans' unwillingness to ruffle the Trumpsters makes them unfit for office.
only because after being critized
keep blindly following Trump who keeps making mistakes that are a detriment to this country. You'll go down with him.
Unfortunately, reaffirming support for Article 5 only means something if a person can be relied on to keep his word.
Friendly Reminder: You are on the wrong side of history, Senator. cc: @SenFlakeStaff @TeamFlake
you found a thing to praise him for. congrats! now #ImpeachTrump
In-between the white supremacist dog whistles!
Seriously?? 
What is wrong with you? 
It will be my pleasure to fight so you do not get re-elected. 

Disgraceful and disappointing.
DT is president, not mob boss. Legislators need INDEPENDENCE, not loyalty. President Trump's enemies list - POLITICO
That is BS flake he sold us out with Hooten he sold us out in Poland he made us look like fools you're going to congratulate him
And that is about the only bright spot. And it's bright because he cast doubt on that earlier. He's such a putz!
Good moment Ivanka sitting in at G20 was appalling!! POTUS was right about something else in recent statement, we're being laughed at!PLEASE
It's SOP give kudos 2 kindergarten  not presidents. Stop the groveling you look weak @realDonaldTrump #spinlessflake
????  Kudos?  Really?
Will you stand against Trump if he vetoes Russian Sanctions bill?
Nope. #NoBCRA
Be nice if he understood what article 5 actually means
You have to look pretty hard to find a silver lining anywhere in @POTUS's trip, don't you?
You can't be congratulating a president for doing something he's supposed to do.
But this  @POTUS has the mental capacity of a 5 years old, thus needs the constant praising.
I do the same thing with my two year old when she goes potty by herself.
Good news for all.
Toilet training is exciting business.
Bye bye Pampers
Primary coming for you
And Senator how about him agreeing with Putin on hacking and killing free press!
What about two hours with Putin. Only one other cabinet member present. He lies constantly why believe him ever
You are playing into an autocratic Presidency. He admires Putin. He doesn't care about our values.
Remember that this President ran on lies and you must stand. Please. You will be left behind ignoring this.
How about a comment about his discrediting our intelligence community and continuing his attack of the press? Let's stand for democracy.
No. Just no. I'm disappointed that you would lower the bar like this. No.  Raise your standards or lose your seat. It's an insult, Senator.
I cannot wait to vote you out. You are despicable and care nothing for ur constituents. Even the Koch bros can't help u.
Our support should never have been in question in the first place. It’s ridiculous that you are having to give him “kudos” for this.
Literally nothing @POTUS said or did on this trip was kudos-worthy. #shameful
Kudos?
What happened to your spine Jeff?
It's very disappointing to see you ignoring Trump's attacks on the free press and intelligence agencies. Give it a try: contradict him once.
You'd kudo Trump even if he had decried Article 5... face it and preach it from the pulpit: you're a Trumpkin.
"Kudos"???  Are you trying to get an endorsement? Don't tell me you drank the Kool-Aid!!! Noooooo....
Please do not fall in line with this mess.Go down in history on the side of good. Please consider doing the right thing. Vote no on lt all.
Senator Flake please being a 3 gen. native of AZ (pioneer even), I am begging you to be an good LDS Arizonan American. Vote no on everything
I wish I could believe it. He may well look straight into a videocam someday and deny he ever said it. Wouldn't be the first time.
Or the last 
Read his words.  He didn't affirm anything.  He indicated that our past actions can't be questioned as showing support...
Where were u when support  cut from NATO speech to little to late stop praising inability 2 lead #spinelessflake
Don't give him props for doing something he should have already done. He'll probably take it back tomorrow.
soft bigotry of low expectations...
What POTUS says in public isn't important it's what is said in private meetings with certain Russians that should have you concerned.
Next time give Dolt 45 kudos for not pulling down his pants and pooping on the tarmac right after getting off AF1.
Based on the fact he's the #LiarInChief, with zero credibility, I would take anything he says with at least 1 grain of salt. #Sad
Finally & who knows if he really means it? He just read a speech someone else wrote.The presser after was more telling. Give it up, Jeff.
Tweeting?  U closed UR AZ office early w/ constituents there 2 meet w/ U.  guess #mormonsandmojitos take priority @twwnaz @WLiberals
You are complicit.
How long did that take? Is he a small child that needs positive affirmation for just doing his job? Pathetic
How do you feel about him conceding to Putin in private mtg that there was no Russian meddling in our democracy; that we're to "move on"?
God damn kidding me. I'm ashamed to be your constituent.
Repeal Obamacare next week- colossal failure in AZ!  @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul @SenMikeLee @SenRonJohnson @SenTedCruz
Seriously? How long has it taken for 45 to say that. Didn't do it at NATO. You're as embarrassed of him as we are
Please vote no on wealthcare
You must strongly believe that you've got to say something nice or else say nothing at all.
Any comment on Russia access to US cyber-security infrastructure?
Yea, NATO is awesome and stuff, please don't take away my health care.
Senator, you KNOW he is damaging our country.  For heaven's sake, DO SOMETHING to remove him from office. He has serious medical issues.
Yea, what about the Russian interference with the election?  You are going down next ejection.
Wow @JeffFlake has finally given @POTUS a supportive compliment. It's about time, but greatly appreciated. Let's keep it going!
Are you kidding. He's voted with Trump's idiotic agenda every time
He read the que card correctly!!!  Yea Trumpster u go guy
Con. He is a con man and has conned all of you as well.
It was a qualified support Jeff you know that. Why would you say otherwise?
Shame on you Flake!
Come on Senator, that is a low bar. Should have never been in question to begin with.
But then he accepts Putin's denial of hacking. And Tillerson is saying share our intel about the Hack with Russian IC, then move on.
U R Kidding, right?  He still distrusts our intelligence community, criticizes the press on foreign soil and YOU SEND KUDOS? U NO PATRIOT
I sense surprise in your tweet
"Kudos"?  Are you crazy?

Still waiting on a time & place to meet with you to discuss healthcare issues facing Arizonans. Want to come over?
I will come over, what regarding health care do you want to discuss, hopefully you have background in healthcare administration, I do@
Jeff 
Fer fucks sake

I guess you had to find something nice to say, but if you are honest, you know the rest was dribble and BS @POTUS @MarketWatch
Flake why do you tweet crap like this? Have a town hall in person in Phoenix and let the AZ citizens give you true tweet material!
Funny that Flake never offered kudos to Obama for doing the same thing at every turn.
DJT is shaming us on the world stage and showing how easy he is to manipulate, and you give him kudos?  I thought you were smarter than this
Really?  DJT is "honored" to be w/ Putin, he believes P over our intelligence agencies, he denigrates our country in a speech, and you ok it
Finally!
ugh

Why is your king Chetto even talking to putin?  Russia got into our elections.  Hiw would gop feel if you lost to whacko supported by China?
Yes kudos to the traitor trump
Greed and money is all you want. We will resist. We are coming and you will have to hide. We will boo you where ever you go.
And do you congratulate him on slamming the press, the IC, and Obama before it?  Or denying that Russia interfered in our election?
I am very disappointed in you + sen McCain. Please get on the right side of history.
You want a kingdom. You don't care about our state. I cannot wait until you are done.
Jeff, how fake religious are you? You know you and the GOP are fake religious. You want to make wealthy people wealthier.

No kudos. Shame on you supporting the Russian comrade with his fake news BS. You are driving the US to communism.
Do we dare trust that he will honor Article 5, God forbid it is necessary? Can a NATO country that requests help under Art. 5 trust him?
Flake is a RINO
No Kudos.  Trump is still the same con man, fraud, liar, sexual predator he was yesterday.  He is not fit for office.  Deserves impeachment.
Wow Flake, you're a complete joke.

Wow. Could your bar get any lower?
he IS @JeffFlake, so no .
Oh brother. Grow a pair. #trumprussia
Seriously?  Nothing about this trip was kudos-worthy, and to focus on  one normal thing he did just minimizes the damage he did.
Why should we believe him?  He lies about everything.
And about time.
- really? No kudos deserved! Ask him why did he left that out of speech at NATO?!?!? 
A rather low bar, don't you think?
Senator, if you believe that's what @potus did I have a truly great bridge for you to buy.
Forget NATO, why are you allowing this to happen right under your nose? This is why so many veterans are dying. SAD!
Also why are you not more concerned or worried at the fact that @OfficeGovEthics head @waltshaub just stepped down because of Trump Regime?
Have you no shame?
And kissing our leader Putins ass
Wow, you have time to tweet? Your constituents haven't seen or heard from you since the townhall where we pointed out how you ignore us
Why haven't you shown concern that he decides to tweet complete lies @johnpodesta while he is suppose 2 be concentrating on Russia?
Seriously?  Did he ask his daddy putin?  He flip flops on everything. Can't trust anything he says!   Shame on you!
Kudos really?  Let's see how much he gave away in the 2 hrs he spent with Putin. Stupid tweet about Podesta. Kudos really?
But he sold us all out for everything else for a hand shake with KGB Putin.
was this before or after making out with Putin?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
I'm right there with you @JamesMa80867234 !!
Thank you 4 sharing your ignorance Flake-NOBODY in their RIGHT MIND supports trump on anything. Come on fellow AZ.. flake
No kudos ever for @POTUS. He is an embarrassment and danger to all Americans
Sad that he should get kudos for doing something as necessary as supporting NATO
Are you mental?  He's a national embarrassment!  What's wrong with you??!!
Oh, he's not just a national embarrassment...
Something every president since Truman has done, senator.
Really. By stating it was a privilege.....?
Strongly, are you kidding.
Just stop. DJT tweets conspiracy theories, lies constantly, attacks free press & degrades fed law enforcement... ON FOREIGN SOIL.
Did you miss him trashing AMERICAN security agencies, AMERICAN media, former AMERICAN President?  Shame on you & your selfish agenda.
I know? Kudos? really @JeffFlake should know better!
Now if only he understood how NATO actually works.
Gimmie a F**g break!!!  If you believe #trump meant any of what you've heard.. You are NO Representative for the State of Az. #nobrainer
@JeffFlake represents a very select group of Arizona residents - the very wealthy.
@SenJohnMcCain  Trump skipped the traditional visit to Warsaw Ghetto so he could spend time blabbing to Putin  #TrumpRussia
https://mobile.twitter.com/Spicerlies/status/881555079530151940 …

Arrests beginning. Hard to see but doctor being put in flex cuffs after staging protest in Sen Cotton's office 

Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
There is no place in any political discussion for a Nazi (Gorka) to have any input. #shame
Jeff: What's going on with efforts to fix Appeals Court #9?

Blood on the floor outside of Leader Mcconnell's office as protestors are physically being removed. 

Capitol Police arresting protesters who rely on wheelchairs. They dropped one.

#NoCutsNoCaps 

Capitol Police dragging a disabled protester away without his wheelchair. 

Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 
This is something we now have to give "kudos" for...?

Protesters now outside of Republican Sen. Cory Gardner's Senate office. Chanting "shame on you." 
Finally.
• The founding fathers were immigrants.
• Refugees are immigrants.

DIFFERENCE = Refugees are fleeing their country for their lives!
...what about the confederate flag in the crowd? Did he strongly reaffirm that that's not acceptable?! Oh. Wait....never mind.
Like really? Did you ever think he thought otherwise?

"Just vote no!" protesters chant outside of GOP Sen. Cory Gardner's office. Demonstrators have sprawled out across Republican offices.. 

Ten protesters outside of Sen. Toomey's office, several arrested: "Kill the bill, don't kill me." 

He's in bed with Russia
