YES!!! This, Libtards, this! Once again, Jeff is striking down egregious Federal over reach, how's that taste? Day in, day out, Jeff hates
the Federal Government telling you that you need clean water, breathable skies, and quality health care! You should be able to OPT OUT! Am I
I right Jeff? Of course, I am after all, I'm your Chief Twitter Advisor. And the Libs Jeff, they want to talk about how it's "one world"
of water, as all waterways are seemingly interconnected by like a bunch of science junk! Who cares Jeff, FREEDOM for our CORPORATE OVERLORDS
And they've been oppressed entirely to long by this "clean water fascism", not being able to dump toxins and metals, pollute, and other wise
I can't imagine the truckloads of cash that vote got you! But listen Jeff, the peeps, they're mad about something. Not sure what. It aint...
water, it's the sweet, ram rod, health care thingy that you, as I've advised, not say a word about. And kudos, we'll show those #FlakeOut
Too much govt involvement is dangerous to our health. Privitization makes things more accountable. Big govt takes things, breaks things.
Flake says "Listen the GOP and I think another Recession would be great"
How on earth can you be a Republican given the callousness the Republican Party shows to those in need?
3 you want to support that freaking idiot? You want to start a war in the name of a lie?? How'd that work out for Bush. Your voice matters.
Seriously? Getting rid of EPA regulations that protect us, our air, water, earth, food!
What is WRONG with you? I happen to like CLEAN WATER. Work for US not polluters. Fluff and nonsense, Senator.
Now people living in desert environ can keep playing golf! This hasty signature puts waste before thoughtful use of an endangered resource
2 Basics = healthcare, food, shelter. You want to take that away so the ultra rich can be richer ? Have you no conscious Jeff ?
It's a big loss for the rest of us. I don't want dirty water to drink. I want the regulations to keep pug manure and mining waste out.
Where are my keys?
God ur sickening. I'm sorry I voted for you. Check it out and I'm a dem.
What's with the completely FALSE ads being run so that people call you and protest repealing ACA? Claiming vets will be cut. I hate that.
Kim- Vets will be cut.
According to the commercials? No vets will be cut unless they are part of the Medicaid expansion that will not end up happening.
It will end up happening. Here are the numbers on how many vets will be affected. Stop closing your ears to facts.
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
We say hell NO Flake! Who elects you and who do you represent  Doucy or us?
Thank you Flake for insuring our lands and water return to the NO SAFE  ZONE.  Ur   of a "pres" who's only concern is big $$ is sickening.
4 you are our voice. Your not listening to us. What's your prob. Why are you in government? Did you start out for the right reasons ?
NO clean water & no healthcare?? What are you thinking???
Turning back #EPA regulations on clean water is not a win for citizens of Arizona.
Arizona is a desert. Every drop of #H2O is precious.
You and McCain had better not let them release our personal voting info! I swear I'll vote a straight democratic ticket until hell freezes.
Evil.
Our elected leaders need to condemn Trumps behavior. Enough already! His contempt for women is disturbing.
It's all about $$$ for you guys. How much is enough? Try living on $10/hr with 20hrs a week. You guys don't need all the $$. All need basics
Who cares about water? I mean, it's not like we live in a desert. So many sources to choose from....
"its repeal will be a significant victory for the states landowners, businesses, and economy.” I don't see AZ #Citizens on list
Jeff, look at what your social media followers are saying. You are not representing the majority!
Focus on your constituency.  Trumpcare approval rating is at 12%.  Backdoor bargains and bribes are unacceptable.
#NoTrumpcare 
#unseated
I guess America can't be Great Again AND have clean drinking water
Too chicken to deal with #AHCA. WORST Republican policy ever. Families should not face bankruptcy to appease Koch Bros cc:@SenFlakeStaff
I cannot imagine why you would support this measure.
More rallying around giving locals the power to wallow in their own filth, over-use, exploit, extract, and ruin.  GOP vapid gluttony.
Good, so help us with #HealthcareBill - it's about health + care, not about cutting #MedicaidnotMillionaires or taxes 4 rich folks #Arizona
Awesome... we'll dump our trash in the rivers and let them flow from NM to AZ since regs are rolled back.  Enjoy drinking our waste!
Landowners as in ranchers (they have enough land) & developers (supply far exceeds demand)? We need to protect land & our clean waterways.
2.) now where do high Nitrate levels in water come from?

Most likely agricultural run off- over fertilizing- lack of controls

WOTUS
How 'bout your promise to represent your constituents? Remember you work for us. #NoAHCA #SaveMedicaid #NoBCRA
So many tears here, I suppose everyone can make their own water sources. Albeit a tad salty
You know what is federal overreach? Our senators taking away access to clean water, healthcare, public education & lands, & web privacy.
We need to be forward thinking. How to get Phoenix out of the top 5 pollution cities. AZ is beautiful, but the haze and pollution is bad.
But not for drinking water for 177 million people who need water.Poll your constituents. U have special interest like Pruitt ??
The Cuyahoga River in Ohio caught fire 13 times - the 1969 blaze led to the creation of the Clean Water Act as well as the EPA!
We think of them as protections. For the generations to come. You see them as impediments to money making friends.
What Is Farm Runoff Doing To The Water? Scientists Wade In : The Salt : NPR
5 Ways Factory Farming is Killing the Environment |
You've probably never heard of WOTUS but it could have serious drinking water implications |
You sell us out every time. I hope the Koch brothers will employ you after we throw you out
Thanks Pres. Trump. Some didn't think he would be good for Conservatives as Pres. but he just keeps the wins coming.
Yeah screw clean rivers and streams. Really why bother having any environmental protections? Just more red tape.
How dare you celebrate the polluted agenda of greedy, oil/coal-purchased, science-denying, planet killing @EPAScottPruitt
It's a terrible decision unless you can guarantee that rivers respect state and local boundaries.
Is this a joke?? You are supporting the destruction of clean water resources. I can't wait to vote you out.
When we see federal agencies and bureaucracies shut down and defunded we'll believe it...not enough to just repeal their tyrannical regs
These political prisoners still languish in jail because of them and they still do not relent
JFC, it's about time. Getting sick and tired of all the clean water in AZ. Are we winning yet? I can't tell. #MAGA
Lol! Ya who in their right mind would want to protect our water system? Who doesn't love polluted water! We can all be Flint!
Remember
Enjoy that bottled water in your hearing room Senator?

Those who drink bottled water are afraid of the tap- or they know more than we do
Please do likewise with health care: Repeal and Replace O'Care. You/entire GOP primary to do so time and time again! It's been 7yrs. Enough!
...that's "promised" per the above. Drat that "autocorrect"....
Until we burst the bubble and have another recession due to loosening of restrictions!
Yep. Another recession is inevitable in AZ due to overdevelopment and incongruous population growth & job opportunities. AZ hasn't learned.
For a GOP member, I don't get your logic. When PHX, other cities have to treat water for contaminates, who should pay? The cost causer?
You're not cutting any regulations that keep our citizens safe, are you? All of them? Some of them are there for good reason.
Yeah, I like everyone in America, just hates clean water and non polluted rivers.
What do you want your descendants to drink?
#flakeout2018
