@SenJohnMcCain you both need to step up & do your job for Trump is mentally incompetent amoung other things to run this country. Yetyoudon't
Beautiful. Just a shame you all have decided it's not worth defending if it means confronting Trump.
CRICKETS @SenFlakeStaff At least @SenJohnMcCain made a meaningful statement today.
"It would be nice to have a drama-free week," –@JeffFlake Your view right now @Potus can't put out fire fast enough
Beautiful pic to be sure. Will you vote to save healthcare, maybe consider #SinglePayer so we can all stay healthy?
Also at dusk: Trump's presidency, American embarassment
Lovely. Yet under attack by Russians.  Please do what you can to get to bottom of Trump / Russia ties. Is @POTUS a foreign agent to Russia?
Great view, but Israel's view of Trump sharing their classified information with Russia they must see as a betrayal.
Lookie, the flag's at half-staff. I'd say he's going for some sort of symbolism or irony, but he's not sharp enough.
Our Lives are in DANGER 
IMPEACH NOW
Do you want people to die
Act now
.@JeffFlake if you have any integrity left, prove you deserve to be there. #IndependentInvestigation @AZ_Indivisible @Arizona_Strong
Speak out!
Seriously? I think our country has more significant issues right now that you should be concerning yourself with.
More breaking news today Senator Flake. Do you read your twitter page? People are begging U cuz U may B one of the few to speak. Pls do it!
Our Lives are in DANGER 
IMPEACH NOW
Do you want people to die
Act now
whys the flag half mast
The answer is yesterday was National Peace Offcers Remembrance Day. End of the news from Florida.
it takes a British man to answer an American mans call. Not the first time we've seen this through history. Cheers 
@SenJohnMcCain Lovely. What would make it even better is seeing #potus45 impeached.
why so liberal?
Trump must go. Leaker in Chief; mentally ill. Cannot be trusted. Obstruction of justice now with Flynn! You must speak out!
Please do us all a favor and take the keys away from the drunk guy driving us over a cliff. Please!
My view is the Republicans are losing support because Senators like you remain silent while our Democracy is under siege!   Shame on you!
That's the sun setting on our Democracy. Do something
Lol ..smh
You aren't there to enjoy the view.  Please remember you're there for us, your constituents -- please hold the President accountable.  Thx.
Your view is always be looking up Trump"s behind where your nose is impacted. Grow a spine and stop being his tool!
Trump must go. Show you are a true American, not a follower of a President committing treason on various fronts.
Special prosecutor please!
Aww... remember when that place meant something you worthless partisan traitor?
Our Senate. Are you familiar with the phrase "Useless as teats on a boar"?
Save the Republic, sir. Please. HELP US FIGHT. My God, we're out here begging for heroes. BE THAT GUY.
Where's the republic going? low unemployment, less crossing the border , more jobs ...sucks for you huh?
What will it take for you to do something? Does Trump have to take the Constitution out & take a lighter to it on the Capitol steps?
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Burke. Enjoy the view. Might be on your dime next election.
The world's view of our country right now... #trumprussianspy
If justice is done, I politely disagree. Our government worked! Checks and balances. We should be proud of that! #GodBlessAmerica #Comeyday
Not for long!!
Our view is that our president is risking our national security. Step up and do something about it. We're watching you and 2018.
Country or party? Your constituents want to know. #Arizona #2018
Shame on you for letting Jeff Sessions at the justice department him and the president need to be impeached.
By the way Jeff i look forward to you getting retired next year your in a state that is slowly turning into a blue state.
Republicans don't care about our country their mindless corporate robots with no feelings for anything other than donor money.
Who cares!! Why are you not in there speaking up about the dam Russian spy we have In office that you call @POTUS ?
#SelectCommittee
#tRUMPrussia

Let's go #Senator

#CountryOverParty
You know darn well something more important is happening right now. It's time you put country BEFORE party, and stop Trump's lunacy.
Enjoy it while you can, you'll be losing your job soon.

1. There have been some recent stories about Republicans in Congress "breaking away" from Trump. THEY ARE NOT TRUE https://goo.gl/PaVqOI  
You know what is more beautiful? Calling for an independent investigation. And you giving back some pride in Arizona's representatives 
Are we a democracy? Standup 4  america
Please hold Trump accountable for his actions.
Do YOUR job!  Stand for INTEGRITY AND HONOR!
Pretty picture but what's your view on having a traitor in the White House?
Earn the privilege of entering every day. Demand an independent counsel and investigation
I hope you are still just as proud of it when the Russian flag is hanging over it, because you failed to address treason by the @POTUS.
Does Trump work for us or Russia? What are you going to do? He is a danger to us and our allies #ImpeachTrump #TreasonousTrump
The president shared info with Russia. The Russians interfered with our elections. This is not a partisan issue. Where do you stand?
Thats the sun setting on your life's work being connected to the failure you aligned yourself with
A grand structure where grand things should be happening. Donald Trump & team are tearing us apart. Republicans are complicit. It hurts.
Yes it is. Now imagine it disappears because you didn't have the courage to stand up to Trump! We need a hero! Is that You?
This is more inspiring than the view of the WH. Which stooge lives there?
Bet you wish you were retired in ARIZONA right about now, huh?
It doesn't matter how much we ask Flake to do what is right concerning Trump. He will ignore us 100% of the time - let's vote him out 2018.
@SenJohnMcCain - Senators who vote 100% with/for Trump need to share his fate when he is impeached. You two need to be fired by voters.
When are you going to do something stop this madness?
Congressional tolerance of illegal WH activity = collusion = responsibility. Actively supporting destructive WH agenda = worse.
YES!!! Freedom Jeff! #MAGA Jeff! I've never been more fired about about a stock photo from Getty Images then I am right now Jeff!
Good thing we're doing some smooth sailing, with no worries, corporate checks rolling in full of lots o zeros, and a government that's...
rolling in the biglyist of ways! Look Jeff, and I appreciate all your hard, hard work on behalf of the American Corporate structure, but...
these Libs Jeff, their minds are rotting like this trailer full of rancid avocados I've be driving around for weeks now, and they hashtig...
with the #FlakeOut2018 and #FlipFlag and it gets me enraged Jeff, and you're Comms guys sit around doing nada. Honestly Jeff, I'm doing...
all the heavy lifting here, I haven't seen one of those leeches post a #FlakeTucsonTownHall or a #SantaCruzCountyTownHall hash-a-call-it
and they're doing you a HUGE, I mean the biglyist disservice Jeff, but no fear, I got this. I'm scouting locations, renting the barriers...
Our view.
I'd rather see a picture of you signing off on a special prosecutor. You could find Trump in bed with your wife and would still do nothing.
This is such a tacky and tone deaf tweet. How can you sit and appreciate the scene when Americans feel so threatened right now? #shameonyou
It's clear you don't listen to your constituents. You listen to donors. How much money will it take for you to take action against DT?
America before party @JeffFlake
Hope you're working on Articles of Impeachment
Focus. Focus on what is really right before your eyes. Country before party. Please.
And here's the view at the Trump DC Hotel tonight. Hmm, I think the people are really on to something. Ashame politics r more important 2 U
If you want to keep that view, stand up and do something about the on going fiasco with our president.
What does Russia have on YOU Senator?  Explains @GOP silence. RNC was hacked too. @SenFlakeStaff #Blackmail #TrumpRussia #CoverUp #Complicit
You are my Senator. Please represent me and stand up to DT. I want our democracy to survive & flourish.
Beautiful shot, Jeff. Please call for an independent investigation on the trump campaign. #countrybeforeparty
Be a patriot.  Impeach
Please vote no on this healthcare bill to protect your constituents.
@senflakestaff #complicit with @GOP putting party before country
What the hell with the glamour shots. Out of touch!  Traitors in @GOP and WH and this is all you got. How low does @GOP have to go. #impeach
Look, it's where cowards hide while the Republic dies
Lovely. NOW move on and FIGHT FOR OUR DEMOCRACY! Put country over party! There's no time to waste.
Catch any news today, Senator?  #DOsomething
It looks peaceful, but the crickets sure are noisy. You & every GOP MOC should be ashamed of your silence &/or excuses for Trump's behavior.
Yet you are silent about the President sharing confidential information with Russia? Thanks for nothing Jeff.
I hope we take that view away from you in 539 days
@tedcruz Recall the oath you took: to "support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.."
@JohnCornyn the oath you took: to "support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.."
In my view, you need to put country before party and start impeachment proceedings against the lunatic in the White House.  DO SOMETHING!
Seriously? You're like a Stepford Senator. So causally complicit. @realDonaldTrump is unfit for office. We are at war and you say nothing
Dear Sen. Flake, nice view. Please do your job and demand a special prosecutor to investigate the sick man in the WH. NOW.
Please stand with McCain against Trump.
McCain talks the talk, but I have yet to see him walk the walk.  The 1st to actually take a legit stand will b on the right side of history.
I would hope if they stand together, you would see action. Those Trump attacked during campaign are the best hope.
Stock photo
Uhm! Is this the only thing you can tweet about?! How about the fact that @realDonaldTrump share classified info with Russia!!?!
May that stirring sight inspire you to save our republic! Obstruction of justice and sharing highly classified info not enough to #Impeach ?
Glad that you were enjoying the sunset while the rest of the country was freaking out over the latest treasonous Trump revelations.
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION
Look towards the WH, and not away!
#failingsenator
Yes. A dusk of your continued http://enabling.Party  over country. Thanks.
The sun is setting on our democracy. It is time for you & @SenJohnMcCain do something to save our democracy. Demonstrate leadership now.
How long will you ride the Trump train?
Special prosecutor, please!
Say goodbye to it, Jeff. You seem borderline lib. What happened to redistricting socialist Appeals Court #9??
It's time to stand apart from the Republican Trump supporters in the House....stand up for yourself and be respected!
That view used to mean something. If you won't put country ahead of party, the meaning is gone.
Share this with the #EnrolledAgent coming this week, America's #Tax_Experts
It's time to vote with your voters and not special interest groups. Your re-election will depend on it! Dont be a Wuss!
We want to know what you think Senator. You know what I'm talking about.
You have got to be kidding. The prez is outing our spies 2 Russia & thinking about ending press briefings & u are tweeting about the sunset?
Because it's (another) dark day?
Why are Republicans covering for Trump. ?  We need an independent investigation into Trump and Russia?
Yes it would be a lot more depressing for you to be in AZ sitting across from a your constituency and actually listening this time
Is that dusk Jeff, or the gloom of @POTUS on the GOP members who continue to support him? Country or Party Jeff- AZ is waiting-watching
The way the GOP is behaving-party over country- & ignoring blatant lies, I'm surprised the Am. flag hasn't been replaced w/ an elephant. 
Leadership!
How much u make there using insider info to trade stocks???
Is that where you are gonna hold POTUS responsible for his corruption and incompetence?!?
Seriously? That's what your tweeting about at this moment? Coward. What an embarrassment you are, grow a pair and speak up for America.
Where congress spends their day doing insider trading stocks to line be their pockets!  How about voting to end that!!!!
And...
Please save all that it represents
Beautiful! It's something to cherish in memories.  Which is all you'll have when you're replaced in  #2018.
It's Twilight for the Republican party... Your partisanship is astounding, say goodbye
Are you reading all these replies? Almost every1 is telling u 2 take a stand & do something abt @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  #ImpeachTrump
Keep the lights on.
Hey since you are already there, why not start the impeachment process for the firing of Comey, leaking of classified information
Not for much longer! @kelliwardaz
You took an oath to the nation - not your party #SpecialProsecutor now!
Envious!! Beautiful....
I see Russian collusion. I see once a great country.
We need you now more than ever to protect all that epic home represents.
For God's sake Flake. Do something!! All of Arizona is watching.
She still looks mighty, but she is being hollowed from the inside.In the hands of cowardly fools she is being defeated. Will you stand Jeff?
Well, at least it's still standing. For now.
Hey Jeff like the view of the Capital How is the view of The White House Weather man said big cloud over it Quick tell him he is wrong
coincidentally, the White House is also enveloped in darkness
Focus Mr Flake, Maybe you heard, more pressing issues, again, there in DC. We Rs got to get this boat headed in the right direction, soon.
Do    s o m e t h i n g
That must be what's blocking your ability to see what Trump is doing to this country.
Surprising trump hasn't put his name on it in neon lights
Delete your account!
@JeffFlake does the half-staffed flag represent the death of reason, sensibility and American democracy? #ImpeachTrump #WhatHasToHappen
Are you with the US  or are you with russia? Step up, grow a pair and DO SOMETHING !
How can you even see the view with your head in the sand? Do something. Might be 2 late. #Flakeout2018
See all of your crazy friends are on your case. Should have stayed with your base. Quit letting 894/899 influence you.
It looks so peaceful. You can't even tell what a shit storm is currently going on. Who needs oversight on such a beautiful night? #Russia
Your  sir should be requiring traitor TRUMP 2 resign.U owe 2 protect us.He gave most sensitive info 2 the Russians.CALL4 HIS RESIGNATION!
Hey I got an Idea maybe Trump will hire you as a tour gide to the Russians Lots of benefits for you as long as you don't go to Prison
That's lovely. What are you going to do about about our incompetent @POTUS? When are Republicans going to put country before party?
Is this the twilight of our democracy? Your constituents are truly frightened. Stand up now before it's too late!
It's lovely.  I hope you enjoy it...I will vote against you in 2018 and will campaign for your opponent, a first for me.
Mine was the MLK, Jr. Memorial.
What's ur view on russia and trump? Are u going to give us another cryptic response and not do shit?
Well march right in there and demand your fellow GOP senators gather together and do something about the Nut Job in the Oval.
Hey Jeff called your office about Trump passing classified information to Russians Your office said it was a joke pay no attention Oh Ok
Hey Jeff quick turn on FOX News they are talking about the cherry blossoms in DC that way you can put your head deeper in the sand
Be a hero. Please.
What do you fear? If there is no fire behind Russian smoke then citizens confidence is worth cost of #SpecialProsecutor. We pay for golfing
Yes, it is getting very dark in Washington, DC.
come on dude
DC can be nice in the spring.
That's nice because The Hill and the White House are on fire. do your jobs!
This was such a tone deaf tweet.
Truly lovely. I hope it inspires you to take action, put your country over your party, and help get this lunatic out of office. Time is up.
Think about its majesty. In the upcoming weeks, if you love it, you will need to do some hard things. Country before party.
You must have a glass belly button if that's the view you're interested in.
Titled "Twilight of our Democracy. Furnished by Jeff Flake and Friends."
Not far enough away from the dumpster fire that is the White House. Clean up this mess.
You mean at the moment, or symbolically?  Please choose well.
Great.  Now honor it by supporting a special prosecutor!
Do your job. Stop playing with your iPhone.  Protect this country from Trump
