Have some courage, like you claimed to have in your book.  We will not forget in 2018.  https://www.mccain.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=1D7F89BB-FF93-41A5-85B8-C87E3CCCC4CE …
protect all Arizonans not just the 1%, NO #GrahamCassidy
Really? Millions of Americans R spending week in fear of future death sentence #GrahamCasiddy will likely inflict on people! No Repeal/Fix
Support your colleague John McCain!
Vote no on this crappy Healthcare bill the republicans are trying to pass that takes away 11billion in az healthcare system.
What kind of healthcare will they lose when you vote against them
We know you may sometimes be in a tough position politically but please consider your constituents and stand with McCain and reject the bill
You need to follow Senator McCain and vote no on T rumpcare!  Don't just go along with your Republicans,  think for yourself!
You are a terrible senator without a moral compass.
#GrahamCassidy: The reason you'll never be the senior senator from AZ.  Thank you, #JohnMcCain
Did u  tell the ranchers u are taking their healthcare away bc u want Koch ? Stop being swampy Jeff! It hurts US.
Once again John McCain has shown courage in the face of your cowardice.
get a spine like @SenJohnMcCain vote No on @LindseyGrahamSC bill r #nosenate4uin18
Vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill
You really need to vote no on that healthcare bill!!!
There are 4 ways you can improve America right now medicare for all, free college for all, fix infrastructure and sustainable energy.
You have had enough social meetings.. time quite talking & start representing Americans!!...or run for office inMex!!
Glad u enjoyed it now act on behalf of the people vote no on the latest healthcare proposal. Don't just glad hand. Act & vote no.
Follow John’s example. Support Arizonans #healthcare needs &vote no on #CassidyGraham It’s bad for AZ’s most vulnerable citizens
LOOK AT EVERYBODY...WHILE FLAKE IS LYING AT THE MICROPHONE...THEY ARE ALL ASLEEP! SLUMPED IN THEIR CHAIRS! LOOK!
Please vote NO!
Senator Flake: Show you are capable of independent thought: Join Senator McCain in voting NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Vote no on graham cassidy death bill..aca preserve #vegetarian
Awesome!  Now save healthcare for all of AZ...vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
As always once you get an entitlement no amount of common sense will stop it. You can't continue to have no cap on Medicaid.
Thank god at least one senator from AZ has a conscience.
"there is a world of difference between believing you can do something and that you should do something".  Famous line by you! McCain is!
Medicare 4 all gives us healthy workforce, free college larger qualified workforce and fixing infrastructure & sustainable energy jobs 4 all
You can do those things by making the top 1% and tax dodging corporations pay their fair share and a small reduction in DOD spending.
It's high time congress started working to give ALL Americans a chance at a better quality of life an not just the top 1%
Vote No on #grahmcassidy Your Hospitals Say no as well as CMS for AZ
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Also why cut medicaid funding 4 women's pre & post natal and birth care but not funding 4 mens erectile dysfunction.
If there is one thing we don't need is more bombs cut 10% of DOD budget and you could fund everything else and fix nations infrastructure.
Hey let's save some money by cutting some of the fat from defense spending. We already spend more than the next 27 countries most are allies

BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
This new bill will gut medicaid and cause major reductions in services in most every state many will suffer.
Senator - so sad that you are still supporting Graham Cassidy.
Sure do wish you were a man of honor.
The people of Az would like to know will you end the lives of people on Medicare or will you protect them? #NoGrahamCassidy no #trumpcare
Thought u were a man of conscience? U R really just a hypocrite trying propel yourself along. Ur vote on healthcare speaks loud & clear.
Hope u told them how their healthcare and their children and grandchildren will b gone with ur vote
Vote no on GC too, please.  States do NOT make good decisions without requirements.
C'mon Jeff, stand with McCain and kill this horrible #GrahamCassidy bill
McCain has guts to put country over party. You?  Apparently not so much. 
Trying to understand how u could choose your political career over human life. Az has opted out before. We aren't stupid.
Please join @SenJohnMcCain and oppose #GrahamCassidy. It's the right thing to do for Arizona.
You need to vote No on the healthcare bill. Your religion cares for others in need. Practice your beliefs
Please, Senator, consider following the courageous path of Senator McCain on Graham-Cassidy.
Pls join sen McCain and protect Americans.
Have you found your conscience?
Millions of Americans could be thrown into the health uninsured world because of your vote. Shame on you!
You could learn something from the senior senator from Arizona he's voting no again because of the under handed Gram , Cassidy Bill.
Now go back to DC and vote NO on Graham Cassidy
You gonna grow a set and join @SenJohnMcCain to vote #NoGrahamCassidy ?
Jeff,
Trump doesn't like you, is working to have you lose your seat. Why would you ever support R&R?
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
As expected your Brutus twin is giving you cover once more. The sedition from the 2 of you will not be forgotten. Kelli Ward 2018
Hey! Might as well join your fellow Senator @SenJohnMcCain and vote NO on #GrahamCassidy. It sucks!
It looks like a lovely time. You could have been spending your morning drafting something wonderful like this:
I imagine Sen McCain would let you use it as a template for your own. I'd forgive any plagiarism, personally. Please don't cave to the Koch.
