Ward supports Trump and his agenda. 

Flake? 

Well, he’s a bit of a flake. 

He supports his own counter agenda.

Flake will be defeated.
If you had read the article, Wards mngrs issued apology for supporting her.Jeff Flake is NOT impulsive.He weighs things out.A VERY good man.
He will be defeated and he knows it. That's why he's quitting. Good riddance.
What does it matter to you? He’s a good man. I personally know his family and there is no one better.
People in congress make big decisions that affect me/everyone and have repercussions in my life. So what does it matter to me, right? SMH.
Then you should research to find the honorable and honest ones. Jeff Flake is one.
Flake is such an honorable man that he throws his President under the bus.

Flake was so beloved that he was getting crushed in polls!
This pres is a disgraceful human.  Flake is standing for you, me and the values of freedom and humanity that America is based on. Honorable!
Sheriff: Sen. Jeff Flake's son was in charge when 20 dogs died at Ariz. boarding house http://wapo.st/1pczbIo?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.8a98fa15894d …
Scum runs in the FlakeFamily
FLAKE you have behaved the very same way. No special interests in your backpocket... PLEASE!
I'll take "crusty ole Trump" who has trainloads of common sense, over a smooth talking globalist schister destroying us with BS "solutions"


Haaa! We're going to be sending out quite a lot of these meme's in the coming month or so. Yeah!! Can't wait to see the victory!
You are well respected by sane people and this liberal for calling out TrumpleThinSkin! He is malignant narcissistic and u r human.
we would all love to see some "higher standards" in politicians , but we are tired of "smooth eloquent crooks" who DO bad things to USA
you do need to lighten up on Trump , you seem to blame him for all disunity when he has been mercilessly attacked since day one. lighten up
.@RepSinema will be beating you.. Arizona is done with your racist #GOP ways.
Pls know most applaud your speech and opposition to Trump.  It's about country over party right now.  We need people like you to stand tall.
J. Flakes primary Challenger will win overall support next round cupcake. Believe it!
Ha we all know that’s a lie because you vote with the horrible Trump Agenda . Your little speech was a nonsense  Mormon is a cult
Jeff admitted he and Anthony Weiner are lovers
You should be so proud of your Republican colleagues for their intestinal fortitude and bravery, ok that's sarcasm trembling cowardice!
LOL. This is hilarious. Buyer's remorse from working for #ChemtrailKelli

We're gonna miss you Jeff!
translation: only repub. congressperson with cojones . . . .
His opposition to the Potus is one of jealousy. Flake likes attention. The only way he knows to get it is to speak out against Trump. Sad.
And his opposition to DJT wasn't all that terrible in my opinion!
trump tried to take health care from millions, tax the #MiddleClass to give to the rich + now pass a law that Rich Wall Street can't be sued
And thank you for your opposition to the moron in the white house! He's truly dangerous!
My Concern is your voting for 45s terrible Cab members and for terrible healthcare. Ward will not have my vote, either.
She is Donald Trump in a skirt. No thank you. Pass!
What do the polls say?
What does the fox say?
Bannon's candidates look rock solid whereas Swamp candidates can't even say publicly if they will endorse Mitch.
Trump just puts an honest face on the Republican Party. Evidently flake would rather not have that face around.
Must have some good job lined up with the Liberals. You have failed as a Conservative. Outrageous attacks on Trump. Good by!
Yeah, we would remove him and he knows it. So on his way out he wants to do as much damage as an enemy of the ppl can do. 300 bills
In Congress still  there waiting to be debated, voted on, some sort of action but you ppl to busy showboating to WORK. You should be fired
Add a stupid Repub to the long list of idiots who form a DOG PACK to tear down a US Pres. Flake is the perfect name
Oh God lady -- Trump is a CANCER !!!
Flake da fake
He should back the President that his party put in to office or leave DC.  Only showing that he is a RINO when push come to shove.
You're such a "F" FLAKE!!! Happy to see go! #DrainTheSwamp

Hit the road! Another Cryer like hillary.That's why WE voted for trump, to drain the swamp & get rid of the same old same old It didn't work
You, sir, voted 96% with Trump. That's not opposition. That's sucking up. Even @realDonaldTrump doesn't agree with himself 96%.
Jeff... please keep it up. I hope you become the new face of the Republican party.
Remember the time you voted in DeVose? Yeah, we will hate you for that forever. Handicapped kiddos, rape victims, student loan payers....
Out with Satan flake
Kelli ward a real senator for Arizona thank god
no u r spot on.  U attacked the elephant in the room.  I’m an indep. voter and vote on character.  U have won mine.

Collusion. Dossier of Russian-generated dirt on @realDonaldTrump was paid for by @HillaryClinton & funneled thru Comey. Priceless.
BYE FELICIA
Flake leaving? I guess the swamp is cleaning itself out!
Thank you for your speech in defense of American values Senator. It was well spoken, and reassuring to the country's moderates. #hardtimes
Glad u are leaving the senate
The GOP is only symbolically standing for conservative principals while advancing terrible agenda of Tom Donahue & U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
You can’t win re-election because a Trump based opponent is going to beat you so you’re playing the victim card good riddance bitchhhh
No , Jeff Fake is pretty bad..
Is that why you only have a 18% approval in AZ because you resist the man WE Voted for President.
It is an endorsement. For real; I mean, the potus has a recent track record of firing people with compliments. Stay in, & enjoy the rocky road boat ride, please. Voices with competent moral courage will be needed, more than less.
You are a nutless worm. Grandstanding on the way out big man?
Poor knowledge 4 people they don't  what writing sad #JeffFlake make AMERICA better.
Thank you for restoring my faith in the future, even as these other comments don’t 
LOSER 
I agree, you should not run again. U r hurting the country and I do not think U could win again, so stop before you lose. Good riddance.
Thanks Jeff for leaving, NOW you are finally doing something good for theUSA. Or, you just don’t want to admit a woman is kicking your butt
Wrong, you have been terrible
One less sane voice in the Senate. At last a man who won't sacrifice his principles. U r among a very few Republicans who speak the truth.
Thank you for fighting for what is right and not staying quiet and enabling Trump
You can’t just quit...can you?  Fight!
No you patsy Rhino Republican that’s why you quit

Kelli @kelliwardaz ..........see you in Office, Soon!!
BS - you're USELESS
Why retire if you think US government is in dire straights?
Walking away from a challenge?
You know you are the swamp!
He’s as bad as McCain
Just watched Your Resignation. Nice to see you circling the drain. #DrainTheSwamp
Hmmmmm......nope.  WTP of AZ disagree about the 'not that terrible' part, though.  We think you were awful and an embarrassment to our state
Bye bye loser.  MAGA
I am sorry to hear you won't be running for reelection.  You are one of the more honest members.
If Flake opposes Pres. Trump then he needs to be voted out!
What opposition?
https://twitter.com/Timodc/status/922142497018654726 …
Crocodile tears to sell UR book 
We see all UR votes with #TrumpRussia
Has a single Republican leader called for oversight regarding POTUS funneling taxpayer $ to himself 1 in 3 days he’s been in office? 
Opposition to Trump is enough to vote you out! Your snow has melted #Flake America can do better #DrainTheSwamp   #dumpFlake
You pissed off the wrong people you will be destroyed at ballot box Term limits applied by voters
maybe voting for disasterous secretaries?
Opposing Trump is all the reason we need to get you the F out of office. You're done! You & McCain are traitors to the party. Disgraceful.
The last thing AZ needs is another McCain to sell us out. Stop attacking Dr.@kelliwardaz like you did to our @POTUS 2 face Flake !
Jeffie boy, you are DONE.
You need to go. At least you are not nutty like Ward. You simply lack a spine!
No. Opposing Trump just makes someone less crazy.  Endorsement from me means you protect people and the environment, and end $ in politics.
This indep is voting for neither @JeffFlake nor #KeliWard. My vote is for @RepSinema . She seems moderate, very smart, and listens.
And that makes us think you have integrity.  Maybe you know right from wrong.
You’ve helped the Democrats more than the democrats themselves.
Totally for rich lobbyists and their agendas. Does nothing for average citizens.  Just another puppet.
Vote Democratic and against any and all lock step fascists Republicans who sold us out to the Koch Bros and Robert Murdoch/ Sheldon Adelson!
No, but it’s a sign you are wasting your money buying people to say bad things about your opponent. Right out of the Clinton playbook.
thou shalt have no other Gods before me
Ha! In my dog house it is.  Conservatives who actively support eliminating this cancer get my support fur sure!
Senator Flake is a real conservative #AZSen
Rhino elitist, establishment crony
You not only opposed Trump, but you are not conservative in many of your actions.
Send Flake to the unemployment line
LETS ASK 
Bannon...
Sellouts? Or NORMAL freakouts?
Environmentalist zealotts?

Breitbart 'contributors are not exactly former employees and represent a SPECTRUM
It’s time for AZ to have at least one Dem senator. There are enough democrats in that state so that they should be represented too! #GoBlue
You are a man of integrity and courage Senator Flake. TY for calling out Trump and standing against Populism.
@dustinstockton LOL You have all but endorsed Flake!!
#NoFlake2018
Jeff has been and remains a spokesman for billionaires.   If you are a billionaire then hes your guy.
Thank you for being reasonable and speaking out for the American people! 
This is why he's quitting. When only democrats like you give him praise, he knows he's going to lose. He was going to lose big time.
Actually, if Kelly Ward was up for any cabinet position we know you'd be like "ok by me". Should we consider that ur endorsement of her?
You should pimp the endorsement of a total lunatic. That should help you.
Your constituents are the endorsements you need. I wouldn’t count on it. Finally, our chance to be heard & you won’t like what you hear.
Exactly....well said!
Opposing Trump isn't terrible! Every patriotic American should be opposing the unqualified lunatic in the White House.
Its the best you will probably get.
Hey Jeff, the Democrats are going to miss you when you are gone.
He is one and Done  he should resign
Stated up for our President Trump
I may disagree w/you on many things, but at least you're not psycho like Ward. At least w/you & Sinema, AZs have sane choices come Nov2018
It’s Senators like Jeff Flake and John McCain you’ll wish you believed in when it all falls apart. Hindsight’s 20/20
You’re going into a bloodbath is a primary.  The “winner” will be destroyed in the general election. The GOP did this to themselves.
Um, that’s pretty big. You fell in with McCain and I will tell you your opposition to the President is why I’m not voting for you
Total endorsement!
Keep going, Senator Flake!  You have so much support out there. Arizona is lucky to have you. The US is lucky to have you.
Don’t cross the #trumptrain flakey. Drop out of the race and go back to fighting 100 duck sized horses. We need people who will back @POTUS
Why don’t you support our President? We elected this President & that is all you need to know. What is wrong with Arizona & her Politicians?
The majority did not elect the president. That’s what’s wrong.
Wish I could vote for you. Stand your ground! Stick to your morals! @realDonaldTrump w/ his hate & lies will never prevail. #NotMyPresident
No one likes that orange clown
Haha Flake I think people from every spectrum agree you need to go.  No AZ Pol would be caught dead with you.
So people that support trump support you, except for your words. You're a fraud, Jeff.
You moved up a few points by seeing DT for what he truly is. Ignorant narcissistic baffoon. Do NOT want Ward!! Disrespectful witch.
Sorry, buffoon. :(
I thought you were terrible at everything except opposing Trump
Just remember Jeffey, historians can embarrassing honest.
From some, yes! Congrats!
Except you haven't opposed anything of substance, youvote with him 94% of the time. You support a racist, a bigot, a womanizer. Go away.
AZ does have a better choice than Flake and Ward. It is Krysten Sinema.
@kelliwardaz is a horrible person. I'm not from Arizona. Thankful for that. It's a strange day when I feel the need to defend Flake.
Glad you are standing up to trump
Both Arizona senators are TRAITORS to the people who voted for them.  Throw the lying scoundrels out.
“Trump is bad! Now if you’ll excuse my hypocrisy I must support Glorious Leader’s agenda consistently and predictably.” —@JeffFlake
Their complaints about her are the same problems @realDonaldTrump has, no policy, flips for ratings/votes, cares about ambition, not the job
How did it sound in the original Russian?
this is all #JeffFlake has LMAO! He knows we're going to #MeltSnowFlake in the #azsen to #DrainTheSwamp and #MAGA!!!
You "deplorables" just don't get it.
Trump is steering us in a direction that hurts our country.
He's also steering the GOP over a cliff.
It won't help either way, Jeffy Boy. You're finished.
I disagree with you on economics, social issues, but thank you for speaking out against Trump's incompetence.
So much judgement on social media with so little restraint.
Wish I lived in AZ. You are willing to put your political life on the line for truth, for us. Sacrifice makes America great.
Jeff Flake has been horrible. Part of the Establishment.
Opposition to Trump aside, you've been terrible.
Jeff is a traitor to Americans. Funding illegals while cutting vets. Taxing Americans and funding perverts. Flake needs gitmo
Get really use to that woman flake cause soon she will be Arizona senator and Arizona will be proud and excited to have a real senator
Not an endorsement...you’re opposition is opposed by your constituents and we think it sucks. Period. #MAGA
#IMPEACH45
Close enough.
I thought you were part of the Left anyways... You will not be getting my vote... #maga
Ward was for limited government before Trump. She still favors limited government.
Keep telling yourself that 
No Snow Flake, your days as an AZ senator are numbered!  You have proven over and over, you will not support Trump's agenda, good ridence!
What a dumpster fire that woman's campaign is.
Maybe as close as you get...
Sharing this garbage from these two loons is not going to help you. You still won't make it past the primary!

That's odd because your opposition to DJT is about the only thing I like about your work in the Senate. Guess you just can't win.
Sen. Flake if I lived in AZ you would have my vote.  I hope you beat Kelli Ward.
It does sound like one and not to burst your bubble.. she's also flying over the cuckoos nest.
you hurt @realDonaldTrump  liddle feelings. go beg forgiveness
Better get a job. You are going to need one. No more Soros checks. #nomoreFlake
You have done nothing to help the people of Arizona from Education to Healthcare.  You vote with Trumps position. 91.5%. Hmmmm is right!
Sounds good to me,  except that you confirmed all his nominees and have you actually voted against anything he wanted?
We want what he wants. That's why he won. We're a conservative country. 
the fact that u r motti to her tarkin does not make u any less culpable--u both still serve the empire while the rest of us r the resistance
BYE
Not an endorsement you need. My choice Kelli Ward, if not her anyone but the Junior Brutus twin. Kelli Ward 2018.
Conservative Review has you in the Top 25 RINOS list with a grade F. If that’s their assessment, they’re just like you: not good enough.
While heritage foundation has his in the top. So what is it?
Where’s that list? I’ve found him in the top 5 for 2011-2012.
Sounds like a compliment.
You really have no clue what goes on in DC or what law makers do,  #AmIRight?
Sorry Flake but AZ is done with the GOP and its enablement of the orange faced mad king of dc.
While I don't agree with most of your positions.  She is a nut case, frightening
Pack your bags!
I've been in Arizona 20 years and your record nor viewpoint are conservative
That's interestinng considering his extremely conservative voting record. But you go on drinking your koolaid
And you with your delusions
Only if you want Brannon’s endorsement. Hopefully you wouldn’t. Seriously does this not show Bannon really doesn’t know what he’s doing? 1)
I wonder if the Mercers are going to get tired of throwing their money away on a do nothing, incapable POTUS & unelectable candidates? 2)
You from Georgia? Than stay out of our stuff in Arizona.
Your opposition to Trump is the best thing about-between u and McCain I almost want to move to AZ-except your weaknesses.
Yeah, don't come here.
Will be there in 2 weeks!
