
Not like you listen anyways. Too worried about own Hyde to not support Cruz plan...
Nice photo op.
Just a reminder, Senator - MILLIONS of Americans are counting on you to make their lives better, not worse.  VOTE NO on Wealthcare.
Tried calling, busy line.  Please vote NO on Health Care bill changes that discriminate based on health history.
http://www.azfamily.com/clip/13471620/police-arrest-5-at-sen-flakes-phoenix-office …
Flake's scared of grammas asking questions.
Hey - how about you actually listen to your constituents, instead of your donors.
Please vote NO on the BCRA! It hurts poor and older folks just to give a tax break to rich people.
You people should at least change the wording  from the souros club so it at least looks a little authentic.  Is it still $3. a tweet?
Can you please speak out against the personal attacks from the president?
" Although I don't agree with his characterization, the president is "new" to POLITICS and elections have "consequences"!
This is nothing to do with politics. Just basic decency
You sure have not shown face in Tucson. What are you afraid of?
Let Mary know that. Would only happen if  were ringing off the hook. She said  are  & accused us of being telemarketers.
I like your pre existing stance and I agree very important.
GOP healthcare bill will cost Arizona many jobs and then those people won't have healthcare. Vote NO on GOP bill
Where have you gotten your information?   I am looking into the bill and its ramification.  Time that was never given to us by Pelosi.
Same deep terrible cuts to Medicaid in this one - please vote NO!
Please do not repeal healthcare for millions of Americans.  Let's maintain Obamacare in good working order.  
Say hello to the Koch Bros! Vote no on the UNPOPULAR #BCRA.
Say hello to George Souros.The liberal godfather.
Plz vote no on this horrid HealthCare "non healthcare" bill-think of Arizonans this is not the answer!!
Where did you get a copy to read.  I would also like to read it.
Are you calling Mika to apologize
Probably not...Is mike calling Trump to apologize.  I loved that he took them on...however inelegantly.
I'm curious in all of those calls are there are FOR this disastrous health care bill?   Didn't think so
yeah me.
Is that a constituent on the phone or one of  the Kochs brothers?
Is this really you sending the tweet or a Soros Shill?
Sen. Flake. Please vote NO on the healthcare bill. Things are bad enough. By the way you know trump needs to be IMPEACHED
You've seen the polls and gotten the calls. You know the vast majority of your constituents want you to vote No on BCRA.
And you still believe in Polls...
Where in the bill does it say this?  I need proof.
I keep calling every day, against the horrible health care bill!
There's one way to make the phones stop ringing- denounce trumpcare

Hardly secret...they actually get to read it, as we do, before voting instead of a Pelosi pass it so you can read it.
Not manning the phones today it seems. No answer & mailbox is full. So I'll say it here: NO TO #AHCA, YES TO SINGLE-PAYER. #OurMoneyOurVote
tried to call and your voicemail was full. Don't give my information to the election committee. It's private
What will be the last straw? When we die in the streets in front of your home, will you then decide you have gone too far? #peopleoverparty
Phone number for his offices in Arizona. Senators will be back in Washington DC after the holiday   https://www.flake.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/office-locations …
Stand up against Trump and his horrible Admin.  Your party's dear leader is in a death spiral. Protect America and get him out of there. 
Not likely and all those who voted for Trump all 63 million stand by him.
Do not approve the healthcare plan! AZ has one of the best with help of Medicaid....the people will die... mass murder! You can help
Oh Joy....get a grip..people won't die, mass murder what rhetoric and totally unhelpful.
This really is fake news, I get NO response from your office, EVER, in any way. Will support someone else
You haven't answered my call since 2013. That's a looong time to have someone on hold. Here is your chance to contact me back. Still Holding
Senator why can't "Americans"  be offered Medicare rate premiums and we buy supplemental plans like seniors?  Cap drug & treatment costs.
Senator why can't "Americans" be offered Medicare rate premiums and we buy supplemental like seniors? Cap drug and treatment costs
You were elected & are being paid to represent the citizens of AZ. What is your stance on the BCRA? Get off the fence. We deserve an answer.
Senator Flake AZ has a great medicaid reputation, stay true to all, do not sign this current healthcare bill
Have you read it?  If so, what would you tweak?
Thank you @JeffFlake. You have the right idea  and I for one am thankful for your service!
Nice photo op! Do you have one where you sold America Out for your party? How about one getting that phat check from the Koch brothers?
And how did he do that?  Standard lib nonsense rhetoric.  Not helpful
NO ON TRUMP DEATH CARE DON'T KILL GRANDMA AND MURDER KIDS
Nice photo op. How are you VOTING on Healthcare
Did you get a lot of calls from telemarketers & lobbyists? Mary in your Phoenix office says that's all who calls, no constituents. Comment?
She needs to be fired ASAP
impact it will have on medicaid. Do the right thing not the party thing.
good to see you actually 'working'. For now Twitter will have to do. But vote no on the healthcare bill. I hope you and McCain know the
YES!!! This Libtards, this!!! Do you SEE the man of the people on the phone, allegedly, talking to a Constituent? I am sure that Jeff...
Wants to hear from you! 202-224-4521 if you want to talk to Jeff in Washington! 602-840-1891 if you want to talk to Jeff in Phoenix!
Answering all the calls! As his Chief Twitter Advisor, I recommend you call early and often and ask about the AHCA or whatever that nonsense
Is being referred to. Be Advised, someone else might be answering the phone, he's a good guy, tell him your concerns! He really cares!
VOTE NO ON TRUMP CARE. IT IS NOT CARE. AND WHERE IS YOU COMMENT ON HIS DEGRADING TWEET??  BS ON SAYING ugh!!  You son killed pets. Expected!
This is an encouraging sight.  We trust you to consider our concerns as we fight against this healthcare bill.  Be strong @JeffFlake! 
And we're all saying "stand up for us and arizona and vote against the BCRA!"
Hmmmmmm....not saying you're lying or anything...but welcome home a day early.  When ARE the town hallS to speak/listen to constituents?
Where do you stand on stealing healthcare for the poor to fund tax cuts for wealthiest?  Or vulgarity spewing from Trump????
Say no to trumpcare
For eight years R's wanted to repeal and replace... Is this the best you can do?
A bill that cuts coverage for 22 million and raises rates for seniors is not a Healthcare bill. Don't pass it!
A bill that cuts Medicaid is not a Healthcare bill. We're wise to the lies. Don't pass it.
I don't see commercials urging you to pass this so-called Healthcare bill. Because it's not a Healthcare bill. It's a tax cut don't pass it!
Just like cap and trade??
@GOP has turned into ACTORS controlled by the Koch, Mercers, and Putin.  Jail is coming for #teamtreason! Be on the right side of history
Vote No
Our elected leaders need to condemn Trumps behavior. Enough already! His contempt for women is disturbing.
It's me! Just saying Trumpcare=Deathcare. Do NOT support an evil bill. Thank you.
Sir, please do not harm 22 million people for a tax break. People over party.
No to tax cuts for the rich at the expense of the rest of us. And no to the buffoon in the White House.
Please vote NO to #murdercare
Please vote no on trumpcare.

I've been calling but no answer..Put me down for a No on this terrible health care bill.
I'm guessing all those calls are asking you to protect the citizens of the United States from the immoral AHCA
Please remember that this bill will cut hospice. Springerville hospital will close. I live where u grew up. These are your people. Do right
I have called 3 x this week. Got a live person each time. Hit option 5 on dc # and call early.
Are you going to make a statement about Trump's latest twitter tirade? Are you going to say something?  
Women in AZ want to know.
Where is he when citizens R calling 4 insight on his stance regarding taking healthcare from millions of Americans?  Hiding under his desk?
answering calls and listening are two different things.
Do a town hall so we have a chance to let our voice be heard.  Censure tRump for his deplorable actions.  No more defending!
Wow the dude answers the phone we pay him to answer. Let's all applaud the guy who makes more and works less than any of us.
That's weird. Then how come every single time I call it goes straight to voicemail?
Probably because everybody and their mother, brother, sister, and aunt is calling! Let's keep it up, folks! Keep up the pressure!
If you would just take a public stand in support of your constituents against gutting care for those who can least afford it, we could stop.
Yasss! Preach!
Trumpcare means our long-neglected billionaires can get the tax cut necessary to buy an extra yacht.  Who needs the poor anyway?
I don't want to see a photo of you on the phone. I want to see a photo of you voting NO on this horrible healthcare bill.
You need to speak up Flake on trump's conduct & comments, it's time. Without this you essentially normalize the bastard. Step up now Flake.
Senator, pls vote against BCRA. It's going to throw millions off of HC - & not voluntarily. Pls read page 8 of CBO report.
Would be nice to see you read and respond to a tweet or two that has been sent to you. It may not be Koch $$ but it's info you should have
Funny just as it's re election time he does this...where is he the rest of the time?

You honestly could have a shot at primarying trump in 2020 if you find your convictions (as an American, not republican). Be the maverick 1/
that @SenJohnMcCain used to be and vote against this awful bill. It's bad for Americans and it's bad for Arizona. Also not the win your 2/
strategists and leaders might be saying it is. If you pass this bill it will be hung around your neck in 2018 and beyond. 3/
Very cool to see you answering phones, I've been calling so hopefully I'll catch you one of these times. /4
Vote no to repeal the ACA. Improve it, yes. Universal healthcare for all paid by all.
Good! Please listen to us! Vote "no" on the "healthcare" bill.
You quickly remarked about Kathy G, but nothing on Prez Olaf's equally disgusting behavior? Again, no leadership.
I rang your offices, have yet to talk to a human. So again vote NO on BCRA (or AHCA). It is CRAP ( Care Removed  from All People).
Then why not release the numbers to show how many AZ voters you're ignoring? This is an easy call - #Trumpcare is TERRIBLE! #VoteNoAHCA
Vote no on Trump Care. How long are you going to put up with this presidents behavior.
Please vote NO on the upcoming healthcare bill. It will devastate my family, and the people of AZ.
You know the #BCRA is bad when both #Indivisible groups & your BFFS the @AZChamber agree on something #VoteNoBCRA
Ever given any thought to how much time you spend being solicited or soliciting money?  Versus time spent on building consensus & listening?
Take the flood of calls seriously and vote NO on #BCRA #CBOScore #HealthCareForAll

Never thought I'd see the day when so many American's insisted on Socialism. The individual mandate must go!
Interesting. I called yesterday during business hours. No answer. Mailbox was full.
They may be answering but is anyone actually listening?
Try saying something substantive for a change.
Please vote no on this bill and demand fixes to #ACA. Too many people will suffer with House & Senate proposals.
Calling lobbyists for more bribes I assume?
"I'd like 2 large cheese, a medium pepperoni and I have a coupon"
I've always had problems getting through to your office, machines full and not cleared out. Nobody there to answer phones.
Good to see someone answers phone. I have been emailing your office since November, never gotten a reply.
Did you read the tweet this morning from the freak show you backed?  You are pathetic and fooling no one on that phone
The person who most needs the mental health care that the Senate health bill would cut is in the White House.
stop and think you are hurting Millions of people sit down with dems make it work call it Trump care Flake care we don't care VOTE NO FOR AZ
Repeal, replace.  Also your term limit promise ? Time to go.
Vote no on #TrumpCare
We'd love to chat.  Which office is this so we know where to call?
How are you voting on the bill, Senator Flake? Please end your silence.
When are you holding your townhall to discuss healthcare?
Please answer my call then.  I've called numerous times and only get to talk to that stupid machine that answers.
No hesitation to speak out against Johnny Depps comment.  Why aren't you speaking out against DT's horrible tweet this a.m.?
The fact that you're even considering voting for this bill is an insult to the people of AZ. We deserve better. Stand up to the #LiarInChief
Know what I'd love? If you'd make public the number of calls you get pro/con about the GOP Health Care bill. Thanks, in advance.
1 yes 2 no. How hard is that?
The problem is that publishing how much his base is fed up would undermine any bullshit narratives to cover the embarrassing reelection loss
Mary in the Phoenix office says that most calls are from telemarketers & lobbyists, not constituents, so we know she's not keeping tallies.
That must be why his voice mail box is always full I guess, those darn telemarketers
Glad you are answering phones. Now, answer this- - How are you going to vote on BRCA?  To save your voters, VOTE NO- #KillTheBill
Sir, I'm a Democrat and I don't live in AZ. But I admire and respect you. Please consider voting against the abominable #AHCA.
Is @realDonaldTrump someone you want to be the standard bearer for your party? Are tax cuts for the wealthy worth your integrity? 
Vote no, protect Arizona voters and the people that depend on the Medicaid expansion. Listen to your constituents #HealthcareNotWealthcare
Answering a Koch call I'm sure!
And still nothing as to where you stand on the healthcare bill? We have the right to know how your decision is going to affect Arizonians.
Hold a town hallI in W. Valley this break. I want you to tell me in person to take personal responsibility for my childhood rape. #ptsd
Not voting for Jeffy boy..
Do the right thing for all Americans. Vote NO on the horrid healthcare Bill.
Trump is an incompetent, embarrassment to the office and to our country. Look at his horrible tweets today, please speak out about him.
And what are you telling all of the callers that will suffer under #TrumpCare?
" I understand your concerns. I haven't made decision yet, but I am "listening" to both sides! Only side they listen to is who is writing
