My statement on #GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace 
To advance a bill, without a full CBO score to show the damage to peoples' health care, and which will reshape 1/6 of the economy. Criminal.
The lines are busy. Why? Because the people of AZ know these two are frauds and Trump hacks putting partisanship over the people of AZ
Can't get thru? Try a fax. Free internet service at https://www.gotfreefax.com/  . Flake fax #  202-228-0515
we've been resistbotting up a storm!
Me too! Good luck to us all. Stay strong and we'll. 
*That's well. Stay strong and well. 
Read it as "we will resist". It works both ways!
You will both be blamed for the health crisis which will ensure in Arizona. This is a partisan move-not one based in fiscal or moral courage
That should say *that will ensue, but we are upset and typing quickly!
For real, I hope I can live through this dark time. Literally.
We hope so too!
This bill is a sham. You were bought by Koch Bros.



This bill is as FAKE as our POTUS, stand with those who put u in office and John McCain!
Maybe you can get an ice cream parlor when you both are voted out.
You both need to be voted out of office. Your inhumanity shows with your support of an outrageous Bill.
So you want to kill and impoverish people? Good to know.
Senator Flake, this bill is even worse for states like Arizona than the last try. The CBO can't score it but millions will lose insurance.
Need to vote you out of office if this is your humanity morals, to end healthcare for millions, children and Seniors. Disgusting politician
You know damn well that the repeal part of that is 100% politically motivated and has nothing to do with what the people need. So fired.
You are both deluded! #ACA has made it possible & more affordable for self-employed, people w/preexist conditions to buy insurance /1
U were disingenuous on #MorningJoe.AZ has high premiums b/c of few exchanges offered just to make ACA fail. GOP obsession with Obama is sick
#GrahamCassidy is a Medicaid-killer
The only question I have is if anyone at all is losing their insurance or any coverage. If so, then YOU'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY!
Senator, do the right thing for America and vote no to this abomination.
You should be ashamed. You know this will just hurt the average citizen. Be a good American and fix the ACA. The rich are rich enough.
@azfamily @12News @azcpolitics You 2 need to explain why Koch $$$ means more to you than AZ people. $400 billion trumps 11 million people.
Sincere question. Why repeal and replace instead of improve? Such a complicated issue and I don't understand. Thanks
You could not even answer the most basic question who are you going to hurt now?, dear God man I can't stand listening to you people anymore
How can you support something you admitted you haven't read? 
Vote No on #grahmcassidy Your Hospitals Say no as well as CMS for AZ
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Vote NO
How can U look in the mirror?  AMA & AARP opposes ACA repeal bill, citing coverage losses by millions of Americans!!
@SenJohnMcCain You two have a chance to restore faith in a working government & to heal our dysfunctional government. Stand up to Bullies!
How can U support a bill that only has 17% approval? Americans will remember this in 2018 2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030 2032 2034 2036 2038!
Goodbye.
VOTE NO on Graham-Cassidy!

Under this bill, people with metastatic cancer will pay $142,650 more a year to get coverage.

That is not reform. That is a death sentence. https://twitter.com/CAP_Health/status/909838219809820672 …
Not at all happy with this plan!  Just another bandage for a broken arm! Get serious w our healthcare, PLZ!  Vote NO! Please and thank you!
Shame on you both. You know #GrahamCassidy is a Medicaid-killer. You know you are flying blind without CBO. Kills pre-ex protections. SHAME
neither of you care about AZ residents if you support the newest Trumpcare. But that's been obvious for so long.
Do you have "faith" in your Governor like the good people of your state had "faith" in you NOT to gut their healthcare? #ProLifeTilBirth

Why do you care more about folks having to pay fines rather than cancer patients getting access to care? Did you know you twitch when u lie?
This is a bad plan. I hope you read it, understand it, and change your mind. This is not good for your constituents.
NOOOOOOOOOOO!
#GrahamCassidy will be the DEATH of 1,000's of Americans. I predict it will also be the #Death of the @GOP. Americans are  as hell! #VoteNo
Self-employed will need to flock to states w/best medical plans, leaving AZ high & dry. #Obamacare saved my life! @MSNBC

I'm 1 of constituents u met w in August. U said u wanted leg that shores up HI exchanges & stabilizes Medicaid. How do block grants do that?
This is why I can't trust our AZ Senators. Say they care, then support legislation that hurts us. How can we trust ANYthing they say?
Liar who cares more about Trump and partisanship than people of Arizona
A lot of accountability needs to be assessed! Time for change!
Leading the state into financial ruin in addition to devastating Arizona families is nothing to thank Gov. Ducey for. #GrahamCassidyBill
Gov. Douchey more like it.
You just made the statement on Morning Joe that governors would never deny people with pre-existing conditions, look up definition naive!
Stop, Stop, Stop, using the Democrats as an excuse on Morning Joe stop it just another Republican lying to the people, why are u lying?
Where are all your supporters Flake?
Saw you on Colbert tonight. I didn't know snakes could smile.
If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score, never call yourself conservative again. You are a dangerous radical.
Late to the party on this one but eat shit Jeff
You are a fraud. Representing Kochs not people of AZ
I live in Arizona and oppose this travesty of a #Healthcare Bill.

Read this, and tell me how YOU could!
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Graham-Cassidy guts Medicaid funding -- poor kids will take the hit. Why would you do this to poor, sick children in AZ? @phoenixnewtimes
Millions of Arizonans have pre-existing conditns & will lose care under Graham-Cassidy. How much $$ have Kochs promised you? @goldsteinamy
At least 425,000 Arizonans will lose their care under Graham-Cassidy. How much $$ did the Kochs promise you for your reelection campaign?
On #lssc show u are saying u answer to the people of AZ. Fr the looks of their comments on this post it sure as hell doesn't look that way.
Horrible goal to take away comp Healthcare. It's our money! Single payer works for all. U give 4 billion to Israel every year for what?
Best path for whom. No hearings and no idea of how many will lose coverage. Seven years talking and THIS is what you come up with???
You're going to kill people by voting for this bill.
You and our dirt bag governor are a disgrace.
This bill hurts the people of Arizona! NO ONE wants this bill Senator Flake! NO ONE DOES!
Sir, this bill is horrible!
This is a horrible bill and you know it stop being such a wuss and stand up for Americans
Bad bad BAD!!! YOU DO NOT CARE ABOUT CITIZENS AND THIS PROVES IT
PLEASE do not support the Graham/Cassidy plan - I want the same health care you have, not Trumpcare.
If it passes, we, the people, are going to hold YOU personally responsible 4 the success or failure
#duceysucks
Non partisan Avalere projects $11 Billion lost to AZ with GCHJ. Only an idiot would support such a catastrophic piece of legislation.
Where are the spending cuts, Mr Conservative. You talk a good story but where's the beef
Sorry, but you two are idiots and are effectively sealing the tomb on your careers. You still haven't mentioned why you support it?
How can you both sleep at night knowing the injury this would cause millions? Ignoring concerns of patient care groups w/actual experience?
The plan is not acceptable for the people of Arizona.
Your support for this deplorable bill is harmful to your constituents like me with pre-existing conditions. #RepealAndReplaceFlake2018
Arizona would lose $11 billion under Graham-Cassidy you dolt
You don't even have a CBO score! You both are so bought and paid for its disgusting. I can't wait to vote you both out of office!
If Graham-Cassidy is so great, why rush it without first getting a CBO score to prove just how amazing it is? #seeyouin2018 #VoteNO
Biggest Mistake you have done yet and maybe a killer for your political career!
Do not vote for #GrahamCassidyBill , you will be voted out of office. The bill is just #meanandcruel
What kind of #choice do you think I'm going to have as a self employed woman with 4 chronic illnesses? Your bill strips protections for 1/3)
People with preexisting conditions. It makes it legal for insurance cos to pass on the sickest and most venerable Arizonans who PAY for (2/4
Vote Jeff flake out next year I will do everything I can to make that happen vote these murderers out.
REPUBLICANS are so stupid. Are you afraid that your personal money pipeline will stop? Universal Healthcare is the wave of the future.
#ACA #Trumpcare
And what about those Arizonans who depend on the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)? And  those of us who will see our medicare disappear?
The Graham-Cassidy plan is just as bad, if not worse than the other stuff you tried to cram down our throats.
You should know healthcare is not a free market. Applying free market principles enshrines inequality. You are not telling the truth. Shame.
Shame. I hope @SenJohnMcCain will stand up for what is right since the two of you won't. Bipartisanship, CBO score & hearings are needed.
How can you think taking away HC from children/elderly/disabled & removing preexisting condition protections+higher premiums is good for AZ?
Congratulations on kicking millions off their health insurance.  Great job!  #heartless
This bill is another bill written by Healthcare Lobbyists and Special Interests groups
This bill is an abomination for the American people.

Jimmy Kimmel's plea to Sens. Cassidy and Graham. 
This is a disaster for Americans! Do not vote for this bill!
I know you are not going to do it, but please vote no.
@dougducey @JeffFlake  #GrahamCassidy is bad for Arizona. The state would need $7B to keep current level of coverage for Medicaid.
Billions are cut from programs that we need. Bill is some as McCain give the thumbs down to. That the best you can do?
This bill is just political, to cover your ass with something. Not good plan for Americans or families.
I'm no dr but when AMA &aha says the bill is bad I'm going to trust them over a politician when it comes 2 med advice. No offense
Please reconsider your support for this bill. So many millions of Americans, my family included, will suffer.
Not that you ever had my vote, now I think I want to volunteer for your opponent.  Thanks for making me more involved. #noGrahamCassidy
Please vote no. 22 million people will lose their Healthcare. Elderly n sick, hurt. Your conscious. Need CBO/debate. Should not be Political
Pls vote no on "Trump No-care". This bill is worse than last one. Need full CBO score/debates. Not a political sol. 22 million lose health.
Please-no-take a look at this bill-it will once again make my "pre-existing condition" life a living hell-I am not alone-AZ citizens say no
This is an incredibly bad plan and we will vote against you if you vote for this abomination of a replace.
Please do not support the going backwards on healthcare. Destruction of Medicaid benefits only the wealthy. I am a voting constituent 85014.
Stop hurting families. stop harming the poor. just stop your destruction of a decent thing. Just Stop! You are doing harm.
Vote NO.
It's a terrible plan. If you vote for it you are respibsible for the lives lost.
Congress has 12 days to say NO!  If you care about your constituents you will vote NO
HEARTLESS, CRUEL, UNNECESSARY. VOTE NO NO NO
You and Ducey couldn't care less about your constituents. Vote no on this abomination.
Sad for your AZ constituents who will suffer.The poor, disabled, those with pre-existing conditions. Spend time working in healthcare to see
This will hurt many people with preexisting illnesses. So will a lifetime cap on care. Please reconsider. I urge you to vote NO.
This is a horror, it will kill many or leave them bankrupt. As a constituent I and my family will remember your vote.
Thanks to @dougducey for supporting our effort in the #Senate to keep wealthy donors lining our pockets!
This bill is unually cruel and greedy, vote no.
If you vote on this without a CBO score, that is malpractice.
Do u honestly think this bill will do more good than harm? This bill will be awful for your constituents.
Vote for this bill then good luck getting re-elected! It sad that you don't have have arizonas best interest at heart. #cleanouttheswamp
You are a pair of heartless politicians.  This is death for millions of chronically ill and elderly! Insurance prices will skyrocket!
Stop! Just. Stop. This isn't about winning or getting the job done for your party! It's about 32 million losing healthcare.  #Immoral
My wife and I live in Phx. With ACA subsidy, our premiums are 1800/yr. Without subsidy 20K/yr. At 5x lowest rate, 34K/yr. Thks but no thks.
Vote against this and save millions of lives.
why is this good. Your constituent are watching!
71% of Arizonans don't want this.
No #GrahamCassidy
#barefootblonde 
@amberlfillerup 
Jeff is trying to put #pregnancy surcharges on LDS Mormon Moms
Why Jeff?
Shame on Jeff
Thanks to @dougducey and @JeffFlake for literally wanting to kill me. Can I send my medical bills to you then? Seems only fair.
You & Gov Ducey don't have to worry about coverage. There's no Replace anywhere in this bill that gives us better than ACA.
It doesn't have a CBO score. It hadn't been fully debated. You will KILL PEOPLE w/this bill. You will kill ME. Why do you hate us so much?
@GOP @SenateGOP Shame-hands off our healthcare! Lying greedy corrupt dark $$$-complicit treason, inciting violence #SaveACA #nullify2016
please don't vote for this awful repeal. Millions will be severely damaged

#GreatReads: The staggering hypocrisy of Bill Cassidy and Lindsey Graham: http://bit.ly/2xkjGXg  @mattyglesias 
Senator, the plan may repeal Obamacare but its provisions are tragically insufficient to replace it. Think beyond AZ. We need to help all.
Where are the numbers that support this bill? Why is this being shoved down the throats of Az citizens w/o CBO report? Haphazard
You vote for this and you can start looking for a new job.  You will be voted out next year.
This bill doesn't just repeal the ACA, (you racist.) It decimates the healthcare to your constituents. WRONG. Who are you??
Shame on @dougducey @JeffFlake 
He doesn't support AZ Mormon LDS moms
Pregnancy isn't a #preexistingcondition 

NO #grahamcassidy
No #GrahamCassidy Mormon moms 
Pregnancy isn't a #preexistingcondition
Or surcharge-able
@amberlfillerup
@SenJohnMcCain
Shame on GOP
stop ignoring the people you represent...ALL the people need representation
Please don't vote for this killer!! We ALL deserve healthcare!
You spelled douche wrong.
No Jeff. This just takes health care away from people and makes them vulnerable to bankruptcy
Graham Cassidy is a disgrace, and so are you if you vote for it. You don't give a damn about the American people.
Does not include $ for opioid addiction & screws over numerous states. #ACA is the only option for some in AZ. Won't forget this come 2018.
Why don't you understand how much your hurting families living me mine?please stop this!!! Please I love my son and your hurting him!
Cowardly.. No CBO score and you vote yes? This flies in the face of logic.
You should be ashamed.
Thank God you're going to be voted out
How does it feel to hold an actual human life in your hands? 20 yr old mom? 18 yr old transplant recipient? 50 yr old dad of 3?  WHO DIES???
Shame on you! You hate Obama so much you are fine screwing Americans out of having health care, and many will die. SHAME SHAME SHAME!
How can you support what amounts to a death sentence for many in your state? You should be (but aren't capable) ashamed.
Seems every political party wishing to change healthcare or SS has lost the majority. By all means, vote yes!! Pave way to single payer!
You say you want to "save" GOP but this repeal bill is same old hateful "money to rich, take from poor" BS Trump peddles. #2018Demtsunami
We really need you to get this through. Good work, make it happen.
You will lose my vote and all 12 of my family members votes if you vote for this healthcare plan! So will Ducey!
Can't wait to vote against you both #Independent #conservative #Christian
Repubs don't do bipartisan, it's all about keeping themselves in power and to hell with rest of us.  Why is any reg. hardworking cit. a rep?
So I guess Trump got to you, for a minute you had a spine!!! You should be ashamed!!!
No no and no-Get it all out on the table so we can understand what is being taken away from your constituents!!
What an abomination to citizens' healthcare, how dare you! Totally heartless.  I hope some day you get the retribution you deserve.
Sure you and Ducey support it! You're not the ones being screwed by it!!!!! MEDICARE FOR ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!
Y'all should be ashamed of yourself 
64% of the edlery use Medicaid for nursing home needs.
Why don't you wait until the CBO scores this bill? You're voting in the dark without knowing how many people you will hurt.
Increasing seniors rate by 5 times is not acceptable. If you support this I will actively support your opponent.
Thanks to you and Ducey, this bill will mean I will no longer have health insurance, and I have a child being treated for cancer. GFY.
#CassidyGraham ie #trumpcare 3.0 = #deathpanels #KillingGrandma How can you support This?
Why are you voting for a bill without knowing how it will impact your constituents?
This is a monstrous plan that will send thousands, if not millions, to earlier deaths. Nothing to be proud of or grateful for.
good now start supporting President Trump before we toss your tail out
@JeffFlake @dougducey you truly are not doing what's best for Arizona, especially those who are most vulnerable
@JeffFlake Ducey will treat you as badly as he treats Arizonans who need affordable healthcare.  Wait and see.
@JeffFlake dicey just wants senate seat he could care less about healthcare here in AZ. Wake up Jeff.
@JeffFlake come out of the dark. Return to regular senate business. Walk your talk.
You both are insufficient persons.  You know that, right?
Man, I thought you were growing a pair. Graham Cassidy is a piece of shit and u know it. I thought u were different. Disappointing big time
It eliminates #MedicaidExpansion ! Tens of thousands of AZ elderly rely on this to live. DONT SUPPORT THIS JUST BC ITS GOP, think of AZ.
@JeffFlake , it doesn't really matter what YOU do, you're GONE. The people are throwing you out.
Vote NO.
FL & TX resident suffering catastrophic losses from hurricanes. Homes, jobs destroyed. Killing their healthcare is inhumane.
Read fine print about preexisting conditions. language does not outlaw discrimination against sick patients.
Last count was 32 million without coverage with this plan. THANKS? SHAME! #noGrahamCassidy #resist @SenJohnMcCain too!
OBAMA CARE WLL COST $$$$, TRUMP/GRAHAM CARE WILL COST U YOUR LIVES!!!!!!!
if you vote for the ACA repeal bill, every AZian will, or will have loved ones who will, suffer or die because of you. We won't be forgiving
And to think you will vote without looking at the outcome first.  Party before country as usual
You are not getting reelected. Of all of the "healthcare" plans the GOP has come up with, this is the worst.
