They would be disgusted with you today, Flake. How much is Soros paying you?
How's your son doing? Has he stuffed any more large dogs in a hot small room then hid the bodies? #FatherOfTheYear 
#Gilbert23 RIP hypocrite
What? Omg
They killed the dogs, did not get him help, tried to hide their bodies and now want 8 million from the taxpayers?
Wow thank u for the article ..what scum
GOP should have stopped "LOCK HER UP" chants you say, Jeff? Should AZ voters reelect someone willing to protect corrupt politicians?
You've done nothing good for our party JEFF FAKE not flake. Youve lost our votes.
You have a purple ring around your neck
3 giants of Conservatism and an ex Senator from Arizona
Sen. Flake is obviously in Government to serve something other than "the people".  Scary. #DrainTheSwamp
Lets compare your neocon views to a real Conservative>Buckley. JFK was more conservative than U. A neocon is a Dem who crossed over 2 GOP
William F. Buckley Would Love Trump. Buckley staunchly defended Sen. Joseph McCarthy.It eats U up knowing conservative Xians elected @POTUS.
Since Trump's election Xian conservatives who listened 2 #nevertrumpers & didn't vote Trump, regret it & have since joined the Trump train.
Goldwater would be ashamed of you. What do you and him actually have in common? You are a fool
this one is better
You are the only non conservative in this group.
Perhaps you could learn from these 3 great Conservatives.
#LockHerUp
Arizona...Vote Him Out!
YES!!!!

Four actual #conservatives
Yeah, not room for you there among the greats!
cleqrly no one has told you what a 'photobomb' is, 'cause this aint' it
Where is the picture of  Senator Dennis DeConcini and yourself.    I would would think that he would more closely reflect your platform.
#fake #fraud don't even go there.
Nice try, by association?! Bwahahahah
those three great people seem disappointed to be in your presence, senator.
3 people you have absolutely nothing in common with. Start filling out job applications. You're done, Skippy. #RINO
You are so pathetic.  Why don't you go on Mark Levin and defend your pseudoconservatism...oh, and he's sold a lot more books too.
Goldwater and Thatcher phoned. They said they want a real conservative in photo -- not you. Hillary belongs in jail. #LockHerUp. #VoteHimOut
Back when Arizona Republican wasn't code for complete failure.  Just askin Flake, how's the prep going for the unemployment line?
Why for God's sake do you come across as a self-aggrandizing sycophant to the MSM & progressives? Sorry, I can't buy what you're selling.
You will never be in their class. They are conservatives,  you are just a left leaning politician.
They are all rolling in their graves over what you and  the rest of the DA Rinos are doing now. The people spoke and we want POTUS agenda.
The opportunist Jeff flake! Write a book apologizing to libs for your voters.. the worst kind of political hack!
And all three would have thrown you off the stage had they known what kind of a RINO leftist you would become. You sully them w/ this tweet.
Thatcher and Buckley would projectile vomit all over Trump
You couldn't carry Goldwater's jock strap. #StopTheLies.
You are NO Goldwater.Embarrassing!
Gov Justice had more positive things to say about TRUMP as a Democrat yesterday than u ever have as RINO.
Will you be having a garage sale before leaving DC? Latest poll shows you losing to a "generic democrat" by 16%...
please go away.  i hope the good people of Arizona vote you out and get someone who will stand with @realDonaldTrump
Caption:  What's Flake doing here?
You're NOT A CONSERVATIVE!!!
Just gonna leave this right here
Ex-Republican who left GOP over Trump will run as independent for Chaffetz's seat http://hill.cm/j3qeXHm  
that is one scary picture!
Those telegrams were from the Neanderthals from Arizona.  Flake is now Jefferson Smith fighting against a fraud of a President.
Fight like hell Jeff.  America needs your voice.
Enjoy your last year in Washington

It's actually part of the Trump essence. And Trump is basically a lifelong Democrat
Time to put a true Conservative in the Senate from AZ!
I don't think you know what a photobomb is.
How does it make you feel to look at a true conservative senator?
Sir, I knew Barry Goldwater, you wouldn't make a pimple on his conservative ass...
And he's turning in his grave with you and McCain representing his state.
U must have been 16
4 horrible people
Someone needs to do some homework.
Lol
#oldschool #az #Goldwater
So the man speaks out against Trump in spite of a largely conservative voting record, but he's no longer a conservative? That makes no sense
one of these things is not like the others....
Vote this RINO out!!
You're too hot for this. Have you considered ditching politics and doing some nude modeling?
Lol, this comment is hysterical!
You certainly do belong w/ that group.  But have doubts that you still belong representing AZ if that is what you are actually trying to do.
Senator Flake,  Standing next to Barry Goldwater isn't enough to convince some of us that you are a genuine conservative.  Vote like one.

Hypocrite....time for Arizonans to get rid of this fake Republican...traitor....McCain puppet a poor man with no personality of hiw own...
People like you is why the GOP is dead. Get to work on healthcare and stop whining #GOPneedsWinners
http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/345129-poll-flakes-approval-rating-in-arizona-at-18-percent … How's that opposition and obstruction to Trump going?
I know u love Goldwater. He DID NOT support the Civil Rights Act! Why would u want to align with his policies? Pandering to Maricopa Co.
You might be surprised what Barry Goldwater supported in regards to Civil Rights.  Have you ever read his floor speech prior to his vote?
Full of yourself much?  Maybe quit embarrassing yourself. What a joke you are!  Not going to get reelection-
You are a FLAKER! leave office if you do not support Trump!    Stand with Trump people our we will lose it all. This is our last chance!
If you do not want to support the will of the people that elected u and TRUMP, Than its time to GET OUT! SUPPORT TRUMP YOU FLAKER!!!
Trump is a liar. President Peña Nieto never call him.
Boys Scout office never call Trump. 
Corruption in the WH, GOP, TRUMP. Embarrassment
The Fake Flake. Live your whole so-called "Conservative" life on a 1980's picture.
I'm not a Republican, but I can Respect your candor Sir
That's because neither is he!
HOW did U end up in the photo? RUINED a good shot!
That's...not a photobomb.

Poll: GOP Sen. Jeff Flake's approval rating drops to 18 percent in Arizona http://hill.cm/qZjHDkx  

Ronald Regan...nearly 40 yrs ago..."Clearly we have lost control of our borders"
Regan: Sixty percent of our immigrants are here merely because they are related to someone...and so on and so on creating an endless chain
Neoliberal dweeb
You are sadly clueless and don't know it.
Regan  to Goldwater..I support the program you have proposed
Goldwater opposed amnesty in favor of an expanded TEMPORARY legal worker program...duration 6 mos...He made me a Repub. at 8 MAGA
You're no Goldwater.
U will go down just like the rest of the phonys hopefully they will elect a real conservative
Do u really think posting a pic of Goldwater justifies your stealing title of his book for your flaky screed? U R a thief - a very lazy one.
Time to become an Independent. Old, white, conservative bigots don't want you anymore.
Flake is a liberal pretending to be a conservative vote him out had enough of these pretend Republicans
One of these is not like the others.
Caption: "People who make better political counterweights and gadflies than leaders"

Get real
OH JEFF!  This really isn't good news:
If I remember correctly, the chant back in the day was Goldwater in '64, Bread and Water in '65.
Another #tbt @JeffFlake 4 ya. Back then the #11thcommandment meant something. Today conservatives r hardest on each other.
This confuses right-wing reactionaries w/the once coalition of progressives & conservatives that made the GOP.  Conservative ≠ conservatism.

Churchill  riddle wrapped in a mystery wrapped in an enigma / Trump fibs wrapped in falsehoods, falsehoods wrapped in lies. Bad for America.
Your original views may have been conservative, bt your record of the past few yrs doesn't reflect those views:Gangof8, keeping Obamacare...
#BoycottFlakeBook
You're the king of the snowflakes. Elitist political idiot who is needing to be demoted and sent home to AZ.
YOUR tweets are lame and reflects a real dodo bird image of you. quite presumptuous about our intellect
GoldwaterThatcherBuckley you are not any how, any way just like Ivanka sitting with the world's brilliant female leadership. Be substantial
media industry would be threatened with a Trump cuckoo clock that goes off after each of his tweets / utterances. Looking for investors.
Your running in 2018 what the 
Hell is wrong with you
You must be running as your
True blue self a democrate
U will go down either way
Senator, thank you for standing up to Trump. Arizonans are with you, united against Russian influence. #America
You're reference to Russia makes you seem delusional.
Barry Goldwater is a much more conservative than you. He is one of my personal heroes
Jeff Flake is NOT a conservative. Barry rolled over in his grave with that comparison.
Wow, you still look so young after all these years.
Back when Republicans were American.
From "Snowflake" Arizona......how fitting.
Typical comment from the weak.
That's quite a shot, Senator!
Flake is a Rino! #boycotthisbook @LouDobbs
You'll soon be known as 'one & done' Flake.
Best photobomb of all time includes a raging racist in Goldwater?
Raging racist?  Are you serious? Exactly what do you know about Barry Goldwater?  He was a great man.
Sen. Flake, thank you for your honest words about Trump and the GOP. 

Better late than never.

ICYMI:
Ah, the good ole days. When conservatism meant something.

