has made a fool out of him. there hasn't been any, ban tossed, now he's left praying for one, as no substance for any of the bans. Trump....

Short story, Gen John kelly came to Canada where I now live, brought his hysteria, We thank him and sent him packing.
Nobody trusts or respects politicians anymore. That's how Trump got elected "Our politicians are stupid." Remember? Go home. Leave us alone.
If you legalize our invasion, there is no “our”.

Turncoat
Americans are killed & Congress for YEARS has refused to enforce Immigration Laws & your priority NOW is DACA? 
http://ojjpac.org/memorial.asp 
Please remove lips from Donald's .....   We aee not paying for his wall by him holding children hostage,!!!!
NO to DACA!  You will build a wall, I doubt it!  Even to save Democrat voters. @POTUS should be mechanized infantry on border to seal it.
No amnesty! Resign Senator. You have no chance in primary with Dr. Ward.
Best deal is to follow the laws. When Mx opens its borders and other countries- why our laws disrespect and yet we go to jail if no papers
I really wish that politicians would concentrate on legislation that protects Americans and puts Americans first.
hysteria, infected John kelly, scoop and dump. John kelly created the biggest underground of undocumented ever. He hound courts, tried.....
#FireFlake
Sellout Rino only Pro DACA to stab Americans,  to turn us away from @potus and vs the agenda we voted for!  Let's #DrainTheSwamp #FlakeOuT
You are on borrowed time ....might want to get your resume ready 
How about a fine for daca applicants? $100-1k per fine goes directly to border wall construction. Also, never allow daca ppl to sponsor.
I believe you will be replaced.
NO NO NO. Not one GD dime for that misbegotten pork project of a wall. "Best shot" not good enough. Get it right. #DACA #NoWall

A wave of killings of women is plaguing Mexico's most populous state. http://apne.ws/yueAqmE 
Path to citizenship = Amnesty. NO!
No DACA= holding kids responsible for their parents' actions. #DACA is a sensible way to gain high quality citizens.
Permanent legal status I could support as part of the right deal.
Permanent legal status with the right to become naturalized if they pass the usual requirements?
No personally I'm not in favor of citizenship.
What about their kids?
Well my preference is no amnesty to begin with, but in this hypothetical, some sort of legal status also.
And do you have the documentation demonstrating how your ancestors came to America?
to influence Police forces, to do his work, Women stop calling in domestics, as rather take the beating than be deported. Very nasty taste.
more permanent solution, absolutely, deporting undocumented criminals, okay. but Mr.Trump hysteria over a terrorist attack on US Soil, ....
Nope. Deport all illegals.
DACA IS CACA 
want to fix immigration?the horrible war on drugs has devastated all of South Amer.& Mex. Quit giving taxpayer dollars to our corrupt gov.
To ask a bunch of white men to fix immigration is laughable. They go look at wall take pictures and all the sudden they know how to stop it.
All you need to do is follow the lead of our President for a change Jeff!!!


Pretty sure he wants a wall on the southern border, haven't you heard!  Who do you represent, because it's not conservative AZ voters?
Just an idea
BUILD THE WALL BUILD THE WALL 10 FEET 20 FEET 100 FEET TALL
Warning: @Ilovestrump is a troll
but trump promised Mexico will pay for the wall! So why the need to make a choose? He didn't lie to us did he?
Make daca recipients pay for the wall. They're Mexican. They must pay fines. $100-1k of each daca fine goes to the wall. Simple.
DACA=know they are illegal (aka=criminal) and demand rights that aren't theirs to demand, don't pay enough in tax to take care of there own!
You can keep it! And sit on it! Resign!
Why do you keep pushing amnesty? At what point do you realize we DONT support that? Thank God for Kelli Ward.
That would be because a retired 64 yo white man born in U.S.,using arsenal of guns (he legally bought) to kill & injure approx. 600?
Why did these poor children NOT get legal???
We DON"T want DACA protections! We want ILLEGALS sent home! Get the amnesty lovers OUT of our government!!! Why weren't these precious
Why are you supporting illegals!  Deport and help the veterans, homeless, elderly.  Help the American Taxpayer!
Build the wall 
Define "our"? Is that code word for your Globalist Handlers ???No slave Labor!

STOP THE POLITICIANS SLAVE TRADE AND MURDERING
END DACA
No money for stupid border wall. Nonsense
No DACA mass deportation then reapplied for citizenship to back of the line bitches
I think your constituents would like it if you did not cut Medicare.
Clean bill, one issue at a time. If a bill can’t stand on its own, it’s not worthy. DACA first.
More votes for Dem Globalist.
Build the wall.
You want to protect illegals?  Why? They cost the taxpayers billions! We owe illegals NOTHING.
This is why lib Dems want amnesty.  Votes and ultimately one world order. Common sense.
Nope. Consider that those who have ‘nice things done for them’ will remember the party who did it. That’s how it really works.



So you are all for breaking our laws.
When's amnesty end? How many illegals do you want in America? Give me a number? Can't vote for Flake, he condones breaking our laws.
Republican shill!  You never vote for our state, just right down the party line.  You will be replaced in 2018!
The wall is sheer foolishness ($20T debt!), but if we can get DACA and some sensible immigration policy out of it, so be it.
No f'ing wall! Do not hold DACA hostage for a wall we don't need.
While it's a start, it doesn't address internal security for people that overstay visas, use stolen or made up IDs, etc.
Not much faith in you - you let the Children’s Health Ins Program die. What makes you think yo can do this or anything?
Hmmm. Reading these comments I almost feel bad for you and the thin line you tread to keep approval. ...almost
If you kill healthcare you will also kill my daughter who has cancer, can you live with that?
Stand up for Americans or Resign!
Yep really concerned about DACA, how about health care, taxes, hurricane relief? Kelli Ward 2018
U will never get it done in time but that's the only way to sneak in daca   Build the wall  ck the polls haha
No thanks
Wall first then partial #DACA bill
So the republicans are asking for $1.6 billion to make Trump happy, increase ICE raids and holding 800K hostage to get these things.
Liar
Holding 800,000 people hostage? Sounds like a true republican trick. Hey, how about adding some gun legislation on that jumble?
What you’re saying there is #Amnesty Worked so well before! We didn’t send you there for that. We sent you there to stop #IllegalImmigration
I don't trust you
Read the details...it’s the same old GOP snake oil...
Yeah that's great. What do you say about bump stocks?

Don;t MIX #DACARenewal with the WALL. As an AZ  resident, we do not want or need a WALL. PASS A CLEAN DACA BILL. THANK YOU
Build the wall
You know Mexico is now going to help Puerto Rico so maybe we should ask them to just do and bill us 4 border sec. Probably b more efficient
Your constituents don’t want this you hack. We’ll replace you with @kelliwardaz
Let's grow the deficit for a problem that no longer exists because people like you have made our country a laughing stock.
You could do those things separately
U guys really fixed it didn't u!? $10bil for a wall and u want tax cuts for rich n cuts to Medicare n money for hurricanes! Tax cuts? NO!

Please support #cleanDreamAct

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
Jeff no DACA. No amnesty. We are tired of your shit. Why do you put Americans last
#SECURETHEBORDER first, then we can talk about DACA
It is secure, unless you don't believe Trump's numbers. Net negative crossing across the border.
And DACA kids have lived here their whole lives, through no choice or their own. Don't be a dick about them staying.
DACA is leverage to secure long overdue changes like 100% E-verify and end to sanctuary cities. It's calls making a deal.
I get making a deal, apparently this administration never has. I just don't think we should be playing games or politics with kids' lives.
These aren't kids. These are overwhelmingly 20 and 30 something people. Playing politics is exactly what politicians do.
You’re done! Enjoy what’s left of ur term. U R gone! Arizona sees through u! U R part of the swamp. U hate Trump & don’t represent Arizona!
You need to consider implementing easier paths to full citizenship. Difficulty in legal immigration is a huge driver of illegal immigration.
Let's talk...after you deport the criminal parents!
End DACA now, haven't you learned yet that's why your getting taken to the wood shed by @kelliwardaz .  Try rep Arizona citizens.
He knows his Supporters don't support anything to do with #DACA.. No way he signs any amnesty bill
That's like closing the gate after the horse gets out.
why do you have to make things so complicated? why are you trying to make yourself likable to this man? he hates your guts. Get over it
