Which party nominated a birther? Which party has stood behind almost every nominee & policy proposed by that birther?
Which party chose to be obstructionists for half of the first & the entire second term of Barack Obama for no good reason?
#WhiteSupremacy has been a major part of the @GOP platform since 2010. It was the goal of the party since Nixon and the #SouthernStrategy.
Y'all have caused this hate and vitriol to permeate through our society and our culture. This is on you.
I guess you forgot that it was Democrats that started the Civil War, & the KKK, opposed the Civil Rights act, opposed integrated schools.
Dude, I'm from Alabama. I'm rather well-versed in the history of this country with regards to racism.
Maybe you should vote for some Democrats up in Ohio so y'all can learn that the parties switched sides in the middle of the 20th Century.
No thanks. Our state GDP is higher and our unemployment rate is lower then when democrats ran Ohio
Then why do you vote with Trump 93.5% of the time?
More information about the specifics can be found here: 
https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/jeff-flake/?ex_cid=rrpromo …

Thank you @538politics
Where in this article does it say @JeffFlake voted for racism and hate?
Here's a good start:
What proof do you have that Sessions is a racist? Real proof, not hearsay or accusations.
Here's a good start:
I asked for proof. Thomas Figures didn't have any. It was just his word against Sessions.
As much as I enjoy being your personal google, this'll be the last one:
This country needs a strong person to stand up against the President and his agenda. Are you that person Jeff?
Did you also condemn #BlackLivesMatter when they engaged in violent riots & called for the deaths of American #police officers?
Sooooo Betsy, when has #BLM rammed a car into protestors???  Sit down and try waiting for the next Domestic Terrorism event to spin.
Actually BLM dragged several people out of vehicles and beat them half to death
You mean the video of 3 black teenagers... How sad is it that all you have do is spin/lie? Bye 
Just google BLM calls for death of white people and hit "videos". Hours of entertainment.
Uhm, I know that video as well. What's your not saying is that's a group that stayed behind AFTER a BLM march. Hours of spin?
And of course "Betsy" would like that comment, but again it's propaganda. 
Singular? There are about 500 individual video (s) regarding the violence intended toward whites from BLM hate group.
Then do your job, quit flapping your gums, and impeach this stain on America. Now or history will reflect that you were compliant.
Then you should stop showing hate and bigotry to our sitting president. U have no morals or respect
Happy to see you're paying attention. The choice before you: change parties, or take control of the one you're in. Your country is on fire.
Unfair, he's been very critical or Trump & these neonazi jerks. So much that a protrump PAC put 300K to support a crazy trumper in primary
You voted for it Jeff...and his cabinet and supreme court appointees. You voted for it.
What are you talking about, look who's president... and did you forget what your son's video game screen name was?
You're refusing to believe it when it's on the streets and in your own house. This is our country. Now fix it.
America has been built on white supremacy/anti Semitism. Trump dug it up & this is the result. Trumps Presser was a joke! #ImpeachTrumpnow
Not all things are bigotry and hate, much is just opinion difference. dims turn many things into hatred that are not, just to tumble Reps
There's nothing wrong with your last name !!!   .    Keep being a outspoken leader , with character.  Our country needs more leaders
Yes they do actually. At a trump rally.
say this about BLM and Antifi.  Will you do that?
Maybe you should vote against confirming a straight-up racist for Attorney General next time, a******.
Tell that to @realDonaldTrump, who offered to pay his supporters' legal fees for assaulting protesters. YOU supported him. #Charlottesville
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
Yu are cowardly, lying sack
The sad part is I don't believe you're sincere about this.
OK BUT YOU ARE OK WITH ANTIFA AND FAR LEFT NAZIS THEN? ITS OK FOR THEM TO BRING BATS AND WHERE MASKS? THROWING URINE ON COPS? THATS OK?
They represent everything  he GOP has been d umming up for years. The GOP has encountered raged this filth and they OWN it.
https://www.facebook.com/MikeCernovich/videos/1214440138685036/?pnref=lhc.unseen …
Yes it does reflect the America you know. Quit denying racism that would be a start.
Thanks for calling it what it is, something Trump can't seem to do.
Nor will @SpeakerRyan . Let's see what Mitch @SenateMajLdr will do. Yellow, then Blue Dog Democrats co-opted GOP.
Then damn well PROVE IT. You see those people? THEY ARE YOUR BASE. YOUR SUPPORTERS. You want to know who did this? Look in the mirror.
Hate has a place in America because YOU BUILT ONE FOR IT. Now if you genuinely are horrified? Own it and fix it.
This is your shot. This is your moment. Change. If you don't then it means you've accepted it. You are this. Own it or shut up.
No, Senator. They reflect the values of those you & others have allowed to take over the Republican Party. You & they built this. Own it.
Tell that to a**hole temporarily residing in WH
Might want to check with some of your supporters...
Have you ever been to TX?  It reflects the values of a lot of people there.  And Bannon's, Gorka, Miller, and Sessions values.
What then will you do to protect us from these terrorists?
Your replacement will not vote 2 reduce taxes on the 1%, why would I want u back in office, trickle down doesn't work.
You can't denounce this hate, unless you also denounce the POTUS who ran a campaign of nativism, racism, xenophobia & hate. Time to stand up
Well, unless you voted for Trump*, in which case hate & bigotry has offices in the White House (Bannon, Miller, Gorka, Sessions, et al).
But unfortunately it is here and our country's top leader is the catalyst for their rising voice.  So we're do we go from here?
So when will you condemn antifa and BLM racist???
GOP supports hate and Nazis. These are white Homegrown Terrorists and you don't condemn them as such.
Then step up, go beyond tweeting and save your party. Stop the fear-mongering. It works. It wins elections, but also leads to riots.
Democrats r the party of hate & bigotry. Yet u side with them n obstructing Trump & calling his supporters racists. YOU sir r the problem.
Thank you for calling it like it is Senator! You once again have my vote. Keep on doing the right thing, always.
Then tell your president to stop the nativist hate speech and immigrant bashing.
Why don't you call out Antifa and BLM then?  Do you support their values?  Tick tock - election coming - support our President now!
Really? So if that's what you believe what are you going to do about the White Supremacist leadership in the White House?
Bull - this is what the GOP has become and your Pres is part of this and this is his and your base. This is the GOP today.
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump and the alt right a-holes living it up in the @WhiteHouse these days, apparently it does. #Charlottesville
I like the new Jeff Flake. Still won't trust him til he starts voting better.
But 45 does and you support him.   You need to be replaced.
They are the Republican party. Shame on you all.
Let the idiot know
Keep punching right, and eventually you'll be out of the picture! Replaced by @kelliwardaz  @RSBNetwork @realDonaldTrump #PhoenixRally
It's your party now
Neither does ANTIFA and you haven't said a thing about them why is that you democrat
Why Did you Vote 4 one @realDonaldTrump Is the BIGGEST PROMOTER of RACISM VIOLENCE and HATE Bannon Miller Gorka Shouldnt b in AMERICAS HOUSE
No it does not & the majority of Americans dont support but I will defend the right 2 free speech! We r not racist country quit saying we r
Who did you vote for in November again??
I respect your voice but we need true patriots willing to speak and fight the alt right movement growing within GOP
No offense senator but where have u been? You're a member of a party that has created this environment & helped elect a flamming hot racist.
There is one American politician whose name these people were proudly chanting. He belongs to your party, sir.
You don't have a place in this country.
contact Soros he pays thugs to spread hate and discontent
Thank you Senator for standing up to denounce  hate and bigotry.
What do they have on you?
Do you feel better now after saying that?
#BlackLivesMatter  : I strongly condemn your actions today in #Charlottesville. You are violent organization. You stand for Nothing!
You're a joke
Credit where due: good on you. Strong statement. 

Now get the rest of your party to be as strong. Because this is a Republican problem.
#UniteTheRight was planning peaceful protests, as they did yesterday night. #BlackLivesMatter   showed up.Created violence. #Charlottesville
Yet you supported @realDonaldTrump 4 President. Time to show backbone was when he was running on hate Speech. #Toolittletoolate
I say #JustInTime God Speed Senator!
Just in time would have been during the Presidential campaign and the dead bodies today.
Are you seriously trying to pin the fatalities on Sen. Flake?  This is where your argument falls apart.
calling out on his phony stand. The time to stand up was when Trump was saying racist,bigoted, using  whistles. Where was he then? Silent
Thank you @JeffFlake !
NOR does BLM or Antifa both HATE racist group who were present yesterday also with VIOLENCE.. Did you miss that also?
Let's get them the hell out of Our Country  give them to Russia better yet give them to N Korea!!!!!!!
Your son knows. Your party has done nothing but spewed hatred and rhetoric. You're just as responsible for this.
So Senator- what are YOU doing to change it- support for @realDonaldTrump is support for these domestic terrorists
350,000,000 people live in America;  by percentile, how many were "reflecting values" in #Charolettesville yesterday?  Yeah, thought so.
By Flake logic which assumes @realDonaldTrump supports Nazis we can apply that 2 Flake & assume he supports cop killing terrorists BLM
Wtf you talking about? America was built on and has thrived off of this...
Own your bs. You voted to confirm @jeffsessions
Thank you for continuing to speak out.
America was built on that.
You are so fake flake!
Thank you for calling it what it really is. Republicans must stand up the the President and his racist advisors Bannon & Miller.
That has always been the America we know
so tell me why black groups were allowed to attack  white protest???Is it against the law to be proud to be white in the USA?
Dam the TRUMP TRAIN Xpress
Is coming for you Dam you ready
To get your ass handed to u.
That doc running against U smells
Blood n the water
I wonder where were you when Birtherism started???
Trump will destroy the GOP.
Hate and bigotry have been channeled by your party for electoral success for decades. The @GOP is now in peril. You must act. Talk is cheap.
Oh come on, Senator. This repulsive thread runs thru every decade of colonization, revolution, formation and development of America.
Neither do antifa & BLM, are you gonna mention them too.
You vote w/T 93% of the time. That will keep T, Bannon, Gorka in office! Your woulda coulda shoulda are meaningless complicit helping verbs!
Did a republican just say this?
You didn't see this coming?
Fight harder Flake. It's taken courage to speak out. Now make change happen
When are you going to call this domestic terrorism, Jeff? You know that is what it is. Your president is a coward. Are you?
So what are you going to do about it? You seem to recognize who is driving this and your party's role; what are you going to DO?
Except that it has survived and thrived since the English landed on the shores. What are you doing to stop the toddler from taking us to war
Who did you vote for last Nov? Did you not hear Trump's words during the campaign? What did you expect to happen?
Then when the journalists ask you if you disagree with POTUS don't be wishy washy. He is an enemy of Democracy.
Have you been living under a rock?  It is how I got elected. That and sexism. And maybe elitism of the 1% who funds it all.
#WhiteSupremacy in #Charlottesville does not reflect the values of America but it does reflect the values of Birther liar @realDonaldTrump.
Buck stops with parents 
Arizona Senator's Son Used Homophobic, Anti-Semitic Language On Twitter 
http://uselectionatlas.org/FORUM/index.php?topic=174825.0 …
Talk is cheap. Back this up with action and be a real hero.

This all on you & the GOP! You put trump in office!
Too bad the leader of you party can't condemn these horrendous attacks
Where you were when your party choose that man! Silence
But hate and bigotry have a nice, cozy tent in your party. Thinking about changing your registration yet?
Thank you
You need to tell @realDonaldTrump that.
@MorganTNN These "white supremacy" nutjobs are as f***ing sickening as Black Lives Matter, La Raza, and all the other fruitcakes out there.
Agree, now go do something about the Nazis in the White House. Otherwise this is just words.
#Charlottesville #WhiteSupremacy
Well in 3 1/2 years you can vote for someone else .
I guess you are cool with Nazis working in the White House. Good to know.
#Charlottesville
Yeah Nazi's Tim.  Go back to moms basement.
A massive part of your base supports the hate, you do know that, right? Can't bury your head in the sand.
You and your like enabled this. You have voted for most of Trump's cabinet picks. Crocodile tears.
It's your party Flake...tweets won't do ....
Stop voting with Trump, and demand the resignation of Bannon, Miller and Gorka, then you can preach of American values.
What about #failingdonaldtrump ?
It reflects *exactly* the values of the America, and America was founded on hate and bigotry.
Tell that to your son
Am i wrong?  I tolerate some cons fiscal policy.  Not health care cuts.  But fair cuts/no pork, etc.  The social issues must =heavy rebuke
Your WH is run by white supremacists Bannon Gorka and Miller. If you really believe this you should block senate business until they're gone
That's good. Now how about a chat with the leader of your GODDAM PARTY!
Apparently they do have a place in the White House.  Have you ever met Bannon, Gorka, Miller, Sessions, McConnell?  Nazi values under Trump
#DOMESTICTERRORISM committed by the #WhiteSupremacists today!"
Senator, AZ is epicenter of racist, anti-immigrant movement. See Arpaio etc. Your electorate can't hide on this.
Agreed. But how are you going to change your party to fight against it? To remove the encouragement, both tacit and direct, of fascists?
You can't say that and believe it's going to stick! The @GOP has turned their cheek to @realDonaldTrump behavior and statements! #Shameful
Thank you, Senator.
it reflects the views of @realDonaldTrump @StephenBannon and Miller!  Time for Rep. Congress member to stop enabling them by being quiet
To achieve bipartisanship Congress members need to form individual friendship.  The idea of understanding each other can flow from friends
Time for you to call out Trump loudly..get the Nazi bastards out of the people's house IMMEDIATELY!
Bannon Gorka Miller and Trump
Go away Flake!
One of you last official acts was to confirm a birther as a judge. That means he's a racist Jeff. You are not helping.
They have a place in the Oval Office. #impeach then lead
.@JeffFlake Then pls lead in changing this atmosphere that encourages/enables hate & bigotry. As a Republican Senator you have the leverage.
Says the man who voted to appoint Sessions who has a concrete and tracked history of suppressing rights of African Americans.
Thank you for speaking out Senator. I'm sure there are other Senators who agree, but are not speaking out.

Again, thank you.
You're a weak boy, Senator. Grab #POTUS by the lapels + do something. Stop putting party over country? #Charlottesville #NeverAgain
Tell that to our president. He won't say "white nationalists."  He won't acknowledge that this is Nazi terrorism on domestic soil.
Thank you for saying white supremacy others in your party wont say it
They voted Republican. They are your own. Own them.
NO it does not reflect AMERICAN values, but it sure seems to reflect GOP values!
I just sounded like @JeffFlake a second ago! And I'm nowhere near a republican! #charlotesville
Time for you to switch parties, Senator.
You party is fully responsible for the racist policies coming out of the WH. Policies that encourage these Nazis..and gerrymandering.
I appreciate what you are doing even if many of my liberal friends don't appreciate the importance of civility in political discourse.
I agree.  Not representative of values or Spirit of our great Country.
Words are easy. Do something.
Then impeach the bastard that inspires this.
Then it's time to be honest...TELL YOUR COLLEAGUES THAT THIS IS THE BASE THEY ARE SO ANXIOUS TO HANG ON TO!!!! TRUMP  BROUGHT THIS ON!!!
@jaketapper Hope you mean this! This kind of statement makes you accountable to stand against hatred, racism and such policies!
You and your party nominated and support a birther. You are a hypocrite.
As a Jew I can 100% confirm that It reflects a part of the values of the America I know.
THIS is the face of hate and bigotry TODAY in #Charlottesville. This is a peaceful protestor hit in the head by #GOP supported Nazis.
That is what @realDonaldTrump has turned your party into Senator.
This grew from all of you looking the other way.
What are you going to do, Mr Flake? Actions. Not words.
It's because of you and the GOP that things are the way they are...FREAKIN' DO SOMETHING...GROW A PAIR ALREADY!!!
You need to support, push for impeachment of Trump. That would be the most humane thing to do to him. Things will not end well for DT, GOP.
Jeff, I believe you were just handed your ass on twitter. Read all the replies to your tweet. You're not a true leader
Jeff, we have people flying confederate flags on their trucks in #AZ. I'm disgusted by this display of ignorance.
Thank you Sen Flake for speaking up.  Please continue to do so and I will give you my support.
Sir, respectfully I ask you to look deep into your soul and truly ask if you have done anything to stop this. Please.
DO SOMETHING!!!!!!
...put these people into a corner, though their views are wrong, get even more violence - VA, Governor found out the hard way.
Get a megaphone!
Apparently, you don't 'know' America, then.
Which America do you live in?
In your own words, not RTing @SenCoryGardner
Well with the swing away from southern hertiage some in the South that it serious may be to serious
Your hero Goldwater was a racist who voted against civil rights and was only supported by the Deep South racist conservatives.
And yet... you sucked up to them at every opportunity. Go fuck yourself. This is on you, bud.
Words without action are meaningless. Now is the time for you to do the right thing for the "America you know." Before it's unrecognizable.
hate and bigotry is what fueled Trump's election win
You and your fellow republican senators have the power to fix this.
@jaketapper "many sides" though according to the POTUS that you constantly vote with. Stand up for American values. #dumptrump
