There he goes fighting for his donor...Marriott. #FireFlake #Ward2018 
I'll take @KelliWardAZ any day over #Flack.
Hell no. Kelli is a trump hack.
You mean a patriot.
#ImWithHer
I don't need someone controlling me.
<= the name says it all 
Your record of support for the Cuban dictatorship is very concerning.
That's funny, you had nothing to say when we sold billions in arms to the Saudis. When@has Cuba been involved in terrorism?
Harboring fugitives who have participated in terror and killing of police officer, killed dozens in tug boat sinking, represses Cubans.
It seems you selective hearing. Cuba was removed from state sponsor of terror in 2015z Saudis have not made the list and should,
Just because Obama removed them doesn't change the facts. Obama gave billions to Iran 2. Previous admin& Flake do not want America 2 succeed
Are you inept? Obama gave Iran their own money. Get it together. That doesn't excuse Saudis current terrorism funding WTF
@batterman_terri their "own" money...yes, unmarked CASH, on palates n dark of night..ironic that may become his only legacy&Hx will judge!
I think you should educate yourself on what actually happened rather then listen to your right wing pundits. Ignorance is disgusting.
Hey @petite_isla 
Yes I have the feeling the support for #unPOTUS' reinstatement of the #Cuba travel ban is a small group of #Floridians
Tiny. Like is hands. And support. I hear he's at 35% @petite_isla @JeffFlake
But he's found someone who has told him he's (**WARNING:#FakeNews) at 50%. The #allegedly Honorable Omarosa agrees
The answer is easy "NO"
@JeffFlake just joined a secret cabal of Senators working in the dark. He cares about travel but not health. Bravo, dude.
Yes let's vote. I wanna visit Cuba!!!
You can still visit Cuba- don't be an uninformed voter
You did not read what Trump said about the travel. If I can't roam around a country without being in a group then that's not traveling
Many #Arizonans would be personally affected by #AHCA. It's cruel, secretive, done w/out the input of women!  Help save lives #VoteNoAHCA 
Of course everyone would be personally affected. It would be the law. Wait and see what it is before repeating "it's cruel".
looking forward to casting my AZ vote for @kelliwardaz! The only ones benefitting from previous Cuba deal, the regime, not Cuban people
#ImpeachTrump
Policy should not be dictated out of revenge or hate for previous admin as this was. Or to give Putin a new stronghold in the Caribbean. 
This move by Drumpf is pure Obama envy and his psychotic desire to delegitimize his presidency. It's sickening.
Promise to the people
He promised to make us a totalitarian state with him as dictator?
@batterman_terri Curious how Ucould choose this side unless ur worried bout #44 legacy.R U frm AZorU Cuban?Did Uknow Flake LOVES Marriott??
I can't thank you enough for dealing with real and important issues!
Don't sign on to a back room deal designed to hurt millions of Americans.  This isn't Right. We need your bravery right now #VoteNoAHCA 
The @realDonaldTrump Cuba policy, like all of his policies, is just a vindictive swipe at anything touched by @POTUS44 / it's pathetic!
WOW - I'm actually agreeing with a Republican!
I'm even following Ana Navarro!
@ananavarro is good people, even if @GOP. Been following her since I've been on Twitter. Puts integrity ahead of party.
I would like to visit Cuba.
Since Cuba now has a drug to put lung cancer in remission I would hope there is a vote against restrictions to Cuba
Overwhelming support n Senate, how about the American people or do u just go there 2 do ur own bidding. Why not work on stuff that helps us?
Cuba should be Blocked from all humanity until our people R released. Mr. Flake U'll have to get Ur cigars elsewhere!
Why does Jeff Flake want to keep Obama's #Cuba policy?
#RepealAndReplace #BuildThatWall #TaxReform #FireMueller That is what is important, not your little pet project for Raul 
You nearly got killed by 1 and You're still kissing up to the Dems?
And the person who killed two in Portland - not a Dem. Can't assign politics to lunatic fringe.
He was another Sanders supporter apparently they are x-tra passed about Hillary screwing them 1st & then Trump wins
You make me so sorry I voted for you. Try being a Republican for a change.
He didn't change. You did.
Not hardly.
So you've always been afraid, and devoid of empathy.
What about in the US population?  Remember the people you work for? Your personal opinions do not count.
Maybe you could start representing the people who voted you into office, because we are looking @kelliwardaz to do the job now.
I am a constituent and I support this!!!
Your selfish and not paying attention- not to many Cubans in AZ
I am paying attn. I have friends who were born in Cuba and left. Children raised in AZ. I do not support the regime.
Appreciate yr stance on Cuba. We were moving in the right direction b4 @POTUS new directive. Hope we can count on yr support for #Medicaid!
Please, libtards who seem to be enamored w/communism.....take yourselves on a permanent vacay to Cuba or North Korea!!  
We can't wait to vote..... vote you OUT!  Fair weather Rep
you are just a hate filled self serving snake. Does someone have to die for you to get off your anti Trump rants?
DO SOMETHING IMPORTANT GET BEHIND TRUMP OR SHUT UP
Kelly Ward will replace him
I agree!
Yes we finally agree on something.
Looks like you fckd that up pretty good.
Tell you what, since Congress does not know what the American people really want why don't you let the American people vote, congress vaca
Travel is permitted to North Korea and many war torn regions. Cuba should be included to benefit the people of both nations.
Travel is still permitted to Cubs- where did you get your info?
I like Chicago 
I hear they have ALOT of Doctors there- maybe that could be our "Trumpcare" !
Greyhound ticket to miami and a rickety boat ride...
Let vote. Would love the freedom to visit Cuba without Humanitarian regulations.
Is this how we bring down the regime?
Obama has too many people working to destroy America and our President Trump.
Why are you supporting the murderous dictatorship in Cuba? You want a vacation spot?
Please do, Thank U
Overwhelming support from liberals.  Showing your true colors
Get 2 others and switch parties or go independent ( angus king as maj ldr)so reason can return to the senate and hopefully the country
As a Canadian we have been to Cuba.  It is nice, very different. That said, tour bus guide slammed basically both the US and Cuba.
POS
I don't think Americans should be allowed to travel to any unfriendly countries with questionable regimes. One less hostage!
so your really into this nonsense?, how about helping Trump pass some of his ideas, which we voted for
money to the dictators? no ,
You an mccain need to do what good for az. Instead of your self first
Can you say goodbye already. Please run as a dem next time and see what happens RINO.
Thank your for supporting tourism and trade with Cuba. Baby steps to a much needed change. I'm a constituent in 85748, please VOTE NO AHCA!
pro communist Senator Rino?
If @realDonaldTrump is for it, you're against it. And vice-versa. You'll get yours next election. #RetireFlake
Are you in bed with the Dems to get rid of @realDonaldTrump & back the "establishment" agenda.  Support our #POTUS !
That may be in the Senate but why don't you try flyover country
Yes let's vote! This idiotic roll back does the complete opposite of what Trump claims....#CubaPolicy #MoveForward
Maybe take care of Obamacare first?
I doubt there is overwhelming support from the people. Lobbyists for firms that benefit from easing travel restrictions are driving this.
Spoken like a man without many Cuban-American constituents
Shows that Democrats are communist they want to support a oppressive commie dictator in cuba, destroy these commie pigs
Hi Jeff. There is also overwhelming support to have the public hearings for the AHCA, but alas that seems to be missing also.
Thank you Sen. Flake for your efforts to eliminate archaic Cuba policy
Stand with the President
No!
Full of lies - US citizens can travel in groups, on ships & stay in Cubans homes.
The military owns all the hotels. PERIOD
Your a fool - just got back from Cuba - go check out how many personal businesses have opened in 2 years.
This guy is sich a traitor to our president and to the republicans. Has his own agenda. Vote out!
Just like you allow citizens to visit NK? How's that working out?
As a free people, Americans should be allowed to travel anywhere in the world.
This should be a people's vote
Where do the republicans get these wannabe Dumbacrats.
Trump does a sword dance with Saudi Arabs and then wants to limit visiting Cuba, our closest neighbor.   Hope you get your votes.
So pressuring Cuba away from a dictatorship is a bad thing. Got it
We can not change every country to think and do as we do.  But it doesn't mean we can't treat them decently.
You will do@just what you told Mr Flake, such a disappointment. Cannot wait for you to go.
Seriously!  Who says?  Certainly not Cuban Americans.  Why is the Left always on the side of dictators and the enemy!
This guy is a Republican traitor- AZ-
New tourism more American businesses to serve the tourism will not give the ABUSED CUBANS ANYTHING!!
When I gave cash for my new friend to buy a camera they never had THEY COULDN'T B/C THEY CAN ONLY GO 2 GOVERNMENT STORES
NO LUXURIES LIKE TP
While in Cuba a few yrs ago w Son on Sports Visa you are surprised by hotels. Inside not quite to standard. Very quickly you see problems.
This is a great Idea. Can you do it very soon. 60 years of boycott has achieved absolutely nothing
you will not be elected again after your failure to support President Trump! People are paying attention!
You want us to vote on Cuba. But GOP won't allow us to see health care bill.  Wow!!!
How do we get Flakes like you in @GOP? Republicans that are siding with Dem to go against @POTUS...you all have no guts to stand up to Dems!
Flakie.
Good start- now let public see the healthcare bill and tell us how you are going to vote no. You rep AZ- Medicaid is key for nursing homes
There is so much to do and you  bring this up GOP must wake up or it will be done
There is overwhelming anger from republican voters that you GOP ass-clowns in the Senate are not supporting President Trump's agenda. 
We want to travel to Cuba! There's no rational reason to reverse Obama's decision, save for a case of the butthurts.
#FireFlake  #Ward2018
Jeff Flake '  AMERICAN'PEOPLE !
Work hard to Find a PRESIDENT That LISTEN TO The cry's & Prayers of the People! Don't Underestimate US!
I don't think so, rino.
no let's not
He told me his dream was to buy a camera like i had, a $35 model! I told him to go to hotel store see which one he wanted and I would buy it
No way
My driver told me the terrible ways "justice" was metted out. For the least offense. My driver took my $50,a years salary to him, & he cried
The women wanted to know how much I made. I was afraid to discuss. We brought toilet paper aspirin soap desperate for soap. They have zero!
WhAt are you? Mental?
How about why don't we worry about what's going on here in the country with Health Care before we have to be bothered with Cuba
Use your freedom to go see people who have none
Support the President of US
Strangely the men wanted to know how much American ball players made esp.Chipper Jones.They wanted to know music. They had no music past 50s
As Long as The People of Cuba get the rewards, not the Government or Military...
Loved it when have the standa cheering against cuba for my son. Hes a big guy. They wanted to know WHAT DID I FEED HIM?Then questions poured
Help a few more. Than more less. Of course I had a protector, entourage as entire family sat w me at ballfield. There were spies at games
My bill $9. I gave him $9. Then I gave him $50 bill. I had already given one family a good bit in country in shacks b/c I decided to help
She was too old to http://work.College  educated in Library Science.Which did nothing for her.
At end of day my fee plus anTIP FOR CASTRO
He parked the new car in the midst of slums.Said it was dangerous for me 2 B there but wanted me to meet wife.Dirt floor concrete dirt walls
Of sorts. I asked what offenses could land u in jail EVERYTHING.He took me to meet ex wife in deep Havanna. This is where the unrest is.
Everything tightly controlled.They R paid in USELESS CUBAN MONOPLY $$ SO THEY CANNOT BUY ANYTHING FROM OUTSIDE WORLD.My driver was a Judge.
We were not allowed to leave any magazines or newspapers.They were starved for info;luckily we had another parent from Columbia so an interp
Sen.those who work at hotels are lucky.BUT TAKING OR KEEPING A TIP U CAN GO TO PRISON.
My driver a black cuban did not know about Civil Righ
I learned most from my driver. I wanted to see old architecture.Avg. worker makes $4/MONTH.
DOCTORS? HIGHLY SKILLED about $15/MONTH
INHUMANE
I was there on Sports Visa w son. We stayed in gated complex. Very nice on surface. I was there long enough to make contact w locals.
1st thank goodness you were able to avoid a tragic hit. Prayers from everyone.
Wanted 2 disagree from personal experience in Cuba.
Holy cow, I totally agree with you on this one. Americans should be free to travel anywhere. We will be a good influence on Cuba.
What do you have in the game? Residual payments from a company perhaps ? Unreported income in an off shore acc't ? Go when the killing stops
@kengaeth68 yes let's do vote senator. Vote your ass out of office that is. You are as bad as the deep state working to destroy DJT.
@SenatorTomUdall @MartinHeinrich take note guys.  We NMcans do not want our government telling us what we can and can not do.
It's about time a political treats us Americans like citizens.  I don't want to be told where I can travel.
Way to go Jeff I'm with you.
Really-you r an elite selfish person w no compassion for the Cuban people who can't even afford toilet paper- be informed-be a good citizen
I'm liking you more and more. Vote no on the health bill. We deserve to hear the debate publicly, transparently.
No
We have always wanted freedom to travel to Cuba, but GOP has always bought Miami votes by refusing.  NO OTHER REASON!
Why don't you take care of the people's business and stop worrying about a communist country!
Introduce a bill and see how congress votes
Don't forget about the wonderful healthcare they provide in Cuba at 1/10 the price!
We are heading back to Cuba with 12 scuba diplomats, Aug. 19-27. Join us. Run by @rubrics4life (ask Chuck Podolak). #diplomacythroughdiving
YOU, McCain, Linsey, and Paul are like The Beatles nightmare, pretending to support but singing the sniper songs to the media. Lord Rebuke!
Flake is an Anti-American Rino!
@rolandsmartin Trump only reversed Obama bcse Castro wont let him set up shop over there n benefit. But Russia has, hmm!! Go there freely!
Jeff is a flake ....@POTUS Trump knows than some dumbass Senator Flake
Yeah! And let's get to vote'n on the rest of President Trump's agenda too! MAGA!!!
Yes, Jeff!  Now get the GOP Healthcare a democracy viewing and debate!
We need more R's to break away from far right thinking and get back to meeting Dems halfway.
Flake go back to Az & take JM with you..
Nice Jeff - this Dem will vote fore you next time
Excuse my thumbs - you have my vote
One of the first brave comments from your party this season.  Thanks, Sir.  I will remember.  Money flows across state lines...
Not until Cuba returns the murderers to the US.
Jeff u r such a RINO! Only ppl who want to go to Cuba r the socialists & their puppets! So do you have strings or bernies hand up ur butt?
Apparently, Senator Flake you are not familiar enough with US Constitution to know a Senator/Senate does not make foreign policy! Shut up!!!
Let us exercise this right
Not until the Cuban people benefit & not the Castro and military!
You do know Castro is dead, don't you?
President Trump asked for ACA repeal in his desk DAY 1. What's taking so long? You career politicians have your hooks in?
Wonder if Senator Flake would vote for TERM LIMITS? Said he would term limit himself in Congress, then went back on his word. Out of touch!
Thank you Jeff!!
Not until Congress lifts the embargo, which should be tightened! Raul is no better, and maybe worse, than Fidel!
Sure! let's perpetuate their plight!
How about investing AG lynch
Out of everything going on this country this is your focus. You can't find anything else more pressing. Explains quite a bit....
Poor choice of time to go against your Republican president 
It's the Cuban govt that declines entry.
There is overwhelming support for you to forget your Trump hatred and start backing our president. You are embarrassing yourself.
Can't wait till 2018. Arizona will work hard to take your seat. Support the President Jeff "the" Flake
Well done. Now, about #Healthcare ...which, by the way impacts most Americans a lot more than tourist ops in Cuba.
There is no one in the senate as aptly named as you, Jeff. Flake you are.
Trump wants a deal for his hotels in Cuba hence the reversal .. what emoluments clause ..
You're a RINO...you support dictators. You should get voted out!
red flake. dictator supporter. but no vote on health care? i hope you'll lose.
.@LouDobbs @JeffFlake @kelliwardaz @realDonaldTrump Disagree Lou. Flake is only interested in himself, NWO & doesn't care about AZ.
Why didn't you demand votes for the Obama moves against America!?!?
Wonderful - you're ready to vote on this but NOT on health care, wall, sanc cities, or tax reform? Wow! #MAGA you do have the majority!
Why would I want to travel to Cuba? I don't even want to leave California...I'm an introvert. #homebody
Rhino 
OK I'll vote, you're a FLAKE
Wow! Pretty progressive for a Republikan. Interesting
Obama got nothing in exchange, Trump will. Flake must be referring to the same polls that had HRC being POTUS.
We're booting your a** after next year's elections. You're a traitor to the Repub party and to the Trump agenda. Your opponent wins in 2018.
Nobody wants to go anyway.
For once, you and I agree on something senator!
When they free the American prisoners, send back The cop killer & have free elections. There are other beautiful islands to visit.
Few of us will travel to Cuba. ALL of us need healthcare. I hope you are as passionate about our health as you are about our travel plans.
It is amazing how U can just see the lobbyists influence come out. Now why would an AZ GOP sen care about deal with Cuba? Follow the money
When are you going be become a republican and support our president.??? You are the swamp he wants to drain.
1st, as deals go it was rotten for US. 2nd, this deal does not help Cuban people, only Cuban generals and US big business.
Traitor !
Easy for the Senator with no Cuban base. Work on something important.
