Senator, my children are dreamers, too. Are my kids, whom you represent, of less concern than non-citizens, whom you don't? #ReplaceTheFlake
No one could ever accuse you of having Christian faith
You definitely hate Christ's teachings
You people are lawless you were suppose to protect our border and our system that's collapsing SS , Healthcare ,etc
Aww you fell for it and got fucked over
No more that Obama the turd

Who is Kelli Ward, Jeff Flake's GOP primary challenger Trump referenced by name? #WardForSeante Kelli Ward  "conservative champion." 
The right thing to do is make it possible for Dreamers to stay in the US.
they're not 'dreamers' they're illegals.
Misdemeanants.

FREE loaders have Obamacare  do u have it
Nope. My family fights for your freedom to talk shit. I have Tri-care. Look it up.
So why r u wanting DACA more freeloading
ppl or have u not cked it to in
That's not what I heard. I heard many of them are hard working, tax payers.
Build the wall turned into Let Them Stay Republicans are so stupid it's hilarious
Kudos to Schumer and Pelosi.
Doesn't it bother you that Trump lies everyday? He praises Arpaio, he sends Sessions to say DACA is rescinded, then changes his mind again.

Another reason you shouldn't be a USA senator, more concerned abt ppl here illegally than ppl in your state and the country! Shameful.
You are a "Flake" Sen!  Suspend DACA until Congress passes Border Security/Wall, E-verify, Immigration Reform & Remittance Tax or U R gone!
Who do you work for ..the illegals or the American ppl?? My God who pays you..The Dreamers, I guess we're not should be mad at their parents
Give immigrants that came here as minors a path to citizenship. Getting green cards /visas renewed shouldn't be as difficult as it is.
Making immigrants leave the country to re-apply for visa is dumb. There is no reason they can't do it while they're here except racism.
Sure Flake...you are a nightmare for Americans and  need to retire & go to Mexico
YOU FAVOR LAW BREAKERS? WAKE UP FLAKE! LOOK AT THE POLLS...YOU ARE OUT!
https://therasberrypalace.wordpress.com/2017/09/14/dacadeal-is-no-deal-lets-talk-turkey/ …   NEVER SAID THAT JEFF
unfortunately some ppl who laid low and weren't really Trump supporters to begin with are using a lie.
I would give you kudos if you would stop trying to take away my family's health care. Please don't take away my health care.
@JeffFlake you are going down buddy . You care more about illegals than your on citizens.
Really?  How do you deal with a serial liar?  Can't trust him on anything, at any time! #TheResistance
don't confuse our Pres with the Clinton's.
You do realize that trump hasn't gone a day since January without lying. He's lying now. He hopes Congress fails to make DACA work.
lying? Name one
Flake the Snake, We don't care what you think. On voting day you'll see that opposing POTUS as you did from day 1 was poor judgment. MAGA
Don't give him kudos as if he's seen the light. EVERYTHING he does is for him and him only!

He is a dangerous delusional fascist dictator wanna be; mentally inept narcissist seeking praise. Dems deserve kudos. He chose to end DACA.
Obama left office months ago.
Don't believe him until it's signed into law. Little Donnie has that habit of lying you know
that's Pres Trump to you pal
It's over man, give it up

Build they wall !!! And you say you're conservative what a JOKE
Screw all of you!  This is now United States of Amexica.  #NationalTaxRevolt  dont pay these traitors any more let their immigrants pay them
I told your office staff after our meeting that you needed to do something to prove you deserved my vote..you just convinced me otherwise
Ditto!
You mean Kudos to @NancyPelosi and @SenSchumer for proposing the deal.
sorry there is no deal. they had a talk. that was it.
He is a deal maker.
Knee pads on-   You are ready
Stop it Jeffie. It's too late. We know you, that's why you are down by 28 points in the primary to our next Senator, Dr. Kelli Ward.
Vote for @kelliwardaz 
You sicken me! Az kids r dreamers yet you support lawbreakers and illegals. We are voting you out!
Might as well say "kudos to you for putting out the fire you started".
Maybe in the future, when incumbent politicians lose in the primary bc they betrayed their constituents, we can call that "getting Flaked".
#Gangof535
When are you gonna consider protecting the US citizens that you trample upon, on a daily basis?American citizens have dreams 2, you betrayer
Not no more according to Paul Ryan

GIVE UP FLAKE! YOU'RE OUT! Jeff Flake in HUGE trouble. Flake is behind KELLI WARD 58% to his pathetic 31%
He know he is lying again
put as much stock in it as a Trump charity donation
I can't wait for your book "I Was Gonna Write 'What Happend II' But Everyone Knows Why I lost Already. Amnesty."
It was the other way around , the Democrats pursuing the agreement for Dreamers, Trump looking for leverage on the Wall!
I still hate that POS.
WH says thete was no deal...my head is still spinning

Thank the democrats
Now he has new supporters! Good luck!
Kudos are not deserved when the POTUS is using DACA as a blackmail tool. Peoples lives are not a tool to get what you want
Weird agreeing with you @JeffFlake but im@good with it. Lol
If U, @chuckschumer, @NancyPelosi & any other NON #MAGA politician like this "possible" deal, shld tell @POTUS it's NOT #AmericaFirst policy
BUILD THAT WALL !!! @realDonaldTrump  Lock in a vote from me in 2020 
Slippery slope. There family members will follow & increase dem voter base.
I'm owned like Ryan, by special interests. He, 99% but I'm, 100%!
If he's for it, I'm against
That's the attitude that will get you voted out @JeffFlake


Hey .@JeffFlake you are gone 2018 #WeThePeople will #EricCantor you soon! #DeportDACANow .@POTUS
Is this  a tweet a conservative would make?  The Truth:
Nope
@hectormorenco @POTUS @washingtonpost yeah u would say that but guess what sad to say u will not have another term
tweets like this areproof:
Russia didn't work, fishing for taxes didn't work. Flake  working with Pelosi to actively demoralize Trump's base
There's two parties… Trumper's and dems/rhinos
Amen!  Sorry to see so many forget that today!
You can't be that stupid flake he canceled DACA maybe it'll get past maybe it won't but for sure he canceled it
This is wrong.
"Dreamer" = FELON!!!
Rubbish, more of the same lying to citizens in favor of law breakers.
He's just denied it. No deal.
What is the deal? Looks like WH is walking back part of it.
Can we please deport the dimwit Flake?  Plagiarized a real conservative- Barry Goldwater!!  God help you.
How about showing concern for the people of Arizona, the people who elected you to represent them, you weren't elected to represent Mexicans
Trust takes time to build but breaks down in seconds, allows cracks and scars. To earn trust back is
https://pottersflame.com/7-compelling-steps-to-earn-trust/ …
Glad you agree. It doesn't matter what Party just that you all look out for all
Don't trust him. He's already back-pedaling.
He's lying
We assume you will support your fellow socialists,  Chucky, Peabrain Pelosi, Pocahontas, and all your DACA & open border crooked pals!
But why did he announce an end to it and freak everyone out??
#NOAMNESTY #NOPATHtoCitizenship
Next time perhaps counting to 10 before you praise him in public?
@mitchellvii @Cernovich @JackPosobiec 

Jeff Flake Approves!
What are you really doing to help the situation?  Please tell me?  That is right.  Nothing.
With or without "the wall"?
He is extorting a deal. Call a spade a spade.  No wall. We already have one. Spend money on guards and increase employment.
Sorry Jeff, but you can't trust Trump.
Kudos?  Where were you in the process?  Ever heard of leadership?  Flake, it's time to back POTUS! The GOP control clock is ticking!
@JoeNBC @POTUS @washingtonpost I'll believe it once he signs the legislation. Until then?
No, kudos to Chuck and Nancy to stomach dinner with @POTUS
He will get rid of you too for letting them all in here in the first pLace.
Amazing you always come down on the side of Liberals. Don't forget to Thank POTUS for bringing jobs back to our state,,
Dems making headway in a Washington completely controlled by republicans, thanks to one crazy president. Clinically crazy.
Progressive, Forward Thinking Liberal Democrats get shit done in D.C! Unlike Regressive, Repressive,  Backwards Thinking Conservatives!
Let's go Kelli Ward!
Praising for being willing to *listen*. That's the bar kids!
At least for today. Tomorrow may be a different story #AmnestyDon
Suddenly he's such a great man...FAKE
Let me fix this "...and to Sens Schumer & Pelosi...". I know u have issues w djt so please don't try to whitewash now.
Kudos trump kudos for doing the right thing.
Careful he may change his mind next week
you guys are so gullible   haven't you learned anything in the last 8 months
Glory & acclaim for doing the right thing?
And yet he will throw you under the bus for a primary. #NeverTrustATrump
Flake your toast. Have u secured a new job yet ? K street
Amen. But truth is "Nationalists" want ALL da li'l brown people GONE, Blk ones in ghettoes, Oh-ree-entuls in SF + Joos kept in Thu City.

To bad it was only because of all the protesting
And not something he wanted to do
You know you have if wrong if @jeffflake is praising you. No Amnesty. Period.
Dreamers keep up the fight. POTUS speaks with forked tongue. GOP NOT ON your side.
Bigger question is will your leadership allow it to come to the floor???
See what happens when you mess with the new Conservatives? Let this be a lesson to all GOPers #DACADeal
The chocolate ration has been increased to 2.5 grams per day.
Don't celebrate yet. Trust nothing that he says until you see actual follow through & results.
Because who will pick our cotton I mean beans?
I'll believe it when I see it passed.
Can we send you and your family back to Ireland?
When he revoked DACA last week he was cursed by the left. He reaches a deal and they're still angry. He can't win.
NOT THE 2ND GRADE. NO GOLD STAR FOR DOING YOUR JOB @LateNightSeth @colbertlateshow @TheView @iamsambee @TheDailyShow #theview
I'm confused by SHSanders late night tweet.  Seems to contradict what we thought was agreed upon.  @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
POTUS is trying to run you out of a job
Hold the celebrations until action has been taken.   We already know that his words hold no value.
The Republican Party is headed to Whig Status. The Middle Class will be Dead within 10 years unless this illegal immigration is stopped!
How about you?
Guess Jeff is the adult in the room.
Build a wall, no in state tuition for Dreamers, the state should interview each one and let stay those who are productive.
Stop pandering Flake. U hate Trump and we know it. Go away and get a real job. And take what's left of McCain with u
I like seeing them work together to do the right thing.
Jeff Flake kissing ass now too late jeff
Have you started packing yet?
That's after he took away their protection. Sort of like starving someone and the expecting applause when u finally bring them food. Psycho
Hey Jeff, the Democrats are going to miss you when you lose in 2018
You frigg'n Democrat! Your version of "DACA" basically grants legal status to ANYONE who signed up for it, and some. PRIMARY!
Bet @realDonaldTrump rolls over on the deal. Remember you are dealing with a pathological lisr.
Way2Go Jeff+President Trump. Colt-45 insisted I tell you. Patents only 
2 treat disease? What happened? Cost? Side effects? Vaccines 24/7?
Sure Kudos when he goes along your Globalist plans to betray America. ....
Convoluted and confusing, no? DT praised by Sen candidate he opposes for proposed agreement w Dems he now denies. #DefendDACA #EndOfTruth
Not so fast! He said no deal.
Kudos for what...he is now denying any deals....
Now he needs to work with D's to get health care fixed correctly.   Your caucus doesn't have a clue. You had 7 years.  #youneedtobereplaced
Now he should work with D's to get health care fixed correctly because your caucus doesn't have a clue.   #youneedtobereplaced
Hold on there young Flake.. You can not take DJT at his word.. No Kudos yet
Shame on #Trump is he does anything but permanently end #Dreamers and deport all of them.

Unless he changes his mind.
New meds seem to be working
From his tweets today sounds like it was just optics
You are a GREAT public servant; our family (MO) is so glad you are a level headed, honorable elected official. Please keep Trump honest.
@POTUS only deals w/Dems cause he has ulterior $$ motive. Now we just have 2wait2 see what.He couldn't care less about #Dreamers or America
It's the praise for himself that he cares about. That's my opinion anyway.
I know in ur world, illegal is sometimes legal???
Fuck  the Dreamers take care of your real citizens in crisis now. FLORIDA has no Fema
Give credit to President Trump cor breaking the 25 year logjam on Immigration. Now Senate do your job on other issues as well
Not happy @POTUS
Smh that didn't last long!
AND DEMOCRATS
JS sayg that the EO Pres Obama signed was "temporary" n this deal will b permnt is to ignore that Rs did not wk w/Obama n Ds r willg wk w/DT
I hate that term "Dreamers." They appropriated something that used to be for everyone and now its just for demanding illegals.
Uh......just wait a minute.
Guess he didn't see the latest @realDonaldTrump tweets.
Finally something we all can agree on ...
Just hope this is true.
Looks like DT says he didn't. Sorry state of affairs w/DT. So screwed up
Wait, Trump just denied he made that deal. Someone spoke to him after that happened and he changed his mind again.
Hey Look, an Inaffective Senator heaping praise on "the other party".  Because -"no nuts, no balls"  What a sham, Flake!!! Should be ashamed
@JoeNBC @POTUS @washingtonpost really flake?
2 of 2 it is like giving my 9 year old kudos for eating his vegetables
I don't know why we are giving @POTUS "kudos" for acting like a rational person. We have lowered the bar so far for him. 1 of 2
#NoAmnesty  #DeportJeffFlake #Repeal&ReplaceRINOs
Serious question. Why do we even have immigration laws now, since no one will enforce them?
its encouraging to see politicians working together irrespective of R or D. I rarely praise POTUS. this is a good move @POTUS
Trump is already walking away from agreement.....again
As if his word means anything.
Fire #Flake #Arizona 
RINOs are going home, you don't represent us
Excuse me, Mr Flake...who pursued this agreement. DT changed his mind after being chastised by everyone - mostly those who are not repubs!!!
You should just say, "Yes sir! May I have another?" Impossible to have any respect for you.
I always love it when elected offficials tell the citizens to take it in the ass for "other people" that have no right to our anything.
And to the dem leadership
Correct?
He still hasn't made a decision yet
Hell has frozen over
Are you kidding me! These are the people who disrespect our flag,say F Trump and America! Disappointed in President!!!
Trump caved on wall. Just another politician, same old broken promises.
Odds this was what he wanted the whole time? He just Art of the Deal'd immigration. Tough look when families are in the balance though
When you got these morons praising you...
Looks like the Flake was a little late in getting to the premature party.
