#Arizona wants to be in a new Federal Court Circuit. Thanks for continuing Senator Jon Kyl's work on this @JeffFlake
No, no AZ does not want this.  The reasons being given don't match the way it would be set up.
There are 2 plans being openly discussed.  But those are Congress'. Not Courts'. There is no consensus as of yet.  "It" is not yet defined.
It is not needed. Just because you don't like the way the decisions go does not mean a change is needed.
1. Absolutely needed. Compare work load and geography to other circuits. 2. There will be a new circuit set up. http://bit.ly/2xz4OBR 
I understand the concept but thanks 4 mansplaining.The proposals do not accomplish the stated needed change
Why would you make a sexist retort? I respect your perspective, not your rude commentary.
rude is assuming someone does not know the facts And overexplaining it to them when they clearly do.
Voting democratic next hour around
Jeff, you haven't got a hope in Hades of making this happen, but Don Quixote was a hero, too.MAGA
Good idea.  To bad they are too corrupt to do it.
Our current situation in the 9th circuit disproportionately effects less populous states. Must be changed to maintain #equaljusticeunderlaw
Why???
Basic reason is change in population distribution over 112 years.  9th has 20% of US pop. Under represented now.  No distribution plan now.
I approve
Approve?  Of what? Is there a proposition on the table? The consensus building effort to get to a proposition?  The problem area definition?
This is a bad idea.
Do 1 thing right b4 your NOT re-elected. Get AZ out of the #9Circus!!!!
Get us out of that liberal nightmare of activist judges
stupid to divide north to south. Split into north and south.
Az wil never be part of 5th district. Az belongs to 9th to keep us honest. #FlakeSucks
The only two plans openly discussed by Congress are the 10th or a 12th.  112 years ago, population distribution has changed.  20% in 9th now
The Nutty Ninth does not know Equal Justice.  All states except California need to come out of their jurisdiction
Bad idea. Immoral strategy. Instead of gerrymandering courts why not enact laws that aren't destined to be overturned?
But 9th circuit itself often gets overturned proving that it is not talented just liberal
Check your talking point:
Why do you want to do this?
To claim an accomplishment supporting self-image of Goldwater's legacy conservator.  Still- who asks why Congress won't fill Crt. vacancies?
Supreme Court will overrule it.  They have held numerous times that gerrymandering is unconstitutional.  Disgusting waste of time.
Zero moral compass.  You vote yes healthcare, you try to gerrymander the federal courts and then you write a book saying how bad GOP is.
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
Why would you want to do tat?  9th circuit is the very best.
And moving to what circuit?
actually asking: if splitting 9th is about size not politics, why not CA, AZ & NV (& maybe HI) as 9th or 12th?
There are two major plans openly discussed in Congress.  Courts' are still not happy about vacancies. 112 years & 9th is 20% of US pop. now.
How does breaking up the 9th circuit address reversal of decisions? It doesn't the SIZE of the circuit is irrelevant for reversals.
Prepare for continued resistance, Senator.
"Not a California-centric circuit" is code for: We don't want liberal judges in our circuit.
"Communities of interest" is code for: We want conservative judges to rule on conservative issues.
Why were YOU the ONLY senator present on the panel for a hearing on YOUR bill? Conflict of interest? Yep! Ethically compromised? Yep!
trying to dilute liberal power further I see... Good job you "good ol' boy" you.
No matter how you sugar coat this I see the manipulation of the system. New court means new judges you can install.

My beloved  Mr.jff Flake could u please support  Mr Trump this time
Gerrymandering the judicial system is wrong. AZ needs to stay in the 9th Circuit!
Why would you want to do that? What are you proposing?
The 9th circuit has kept AZ from retreating completely to the Dark Ages. I hope this does NOT happen.
Do you think your reference to history will be understood? I fear not. Flake wants badly a legacy & then be seen as Goldwater's adopted son.
Partisan action like this are disgusting. Spend your time fixing REAL problem. Az wants to stay in 9th Circuit
Terrible idea.
This might be the only thing on which I agree with you.
#WeDeserveBetter Do NOT agree to is move. It is the judicial equivalent of gerrymandering! We belong in the 9th Circuit!
9th was formed 112 years ago when population distribution was different. Now- 20% of US is under 9th. Effectively, under represented in US.
gerrymander voters,steal SCOTUS seat,vote w @realDonaldTrump. Now gerrymander http://Ct.app  b/c it's protecting AZ rights NO-NO-NO
9th circuit is so far left, it about to fall off the face of the earth!
Just NO
No one wants this useless legislation
Opinion Shopping isn't legal  in my line of work.  Shouldn't' be in yours either.
I'm with you on creating a 12th Circuit.
NO NO NO NO NO NO.
Get us out
Flake is a RINO. He defines jackassery every time he opens his mouth.
@JeffFlake let's remove you instead. You are working hard for that base- but the rest of us are ignored? You'll hear us in 2018
Why do you want to loosen the bands that restrict corporations that abuse consumers? There are substantial benefits protected by 9th circuit
Eliminating liberal courts does not help Arizona... Conservative values are deluded when progressive principles are bound or tossed away.
I hope we can remove Jeff Fake (I mean Flake) from the Senate.
Oh, the irony
Bad idea. Do not support.
Again, one of the few retweets are from slimy employees
Bad idea, Jeff. Don't do it.
Won't hold my breath with an ineffective Senator like you in office.
Jeff Flake screws America again!
Horrible idea
If you live in Arizona, take the time to watch this.    https://www.facebook.com/JudicialWatch/videos/10155251835151943/?utm_source=deployer&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=on+watch&utm_term=members&utm_content=20170824223339 …
Thanks for reminding me not to be too sympathetic to your Trump troubles. This is a terrible idea.

please get us out of the liberal 9th circuit.
No!!!!!
Why?
Repeat after me: Changing our circuit court is bad. Gerrymandering is bad. Restricting voting rights is bad. #Arizona should stay in 9th.
Now get behind POTUS, you're squandering hard fought for Republican political control!
Yes! Get out of the ultra liberal, bench legislating 9th circuit. 1st ever Conservative move for you!  Your loyal lib followers don't agree.
Back to doing Trump's business. Must have sold enough books. SPINELESS FLAKE.
No, keep Az in the 9th circuit
Great use of time! Hope you get primaried worst case scenario.
It's good use of time if your goal is to politicize the judiciary, bud.
Don't you dare attempt to move us.  Seriously Mormons as others won't fare well in the prejudice courts.
I think this is a good idea but I recommend that you leave the Republican party and join the Dems since you are closer to Pelosi than Trump.
Gerrymandering the Federal Court Districts is shameful. Don't you have something better to do with taxpayer money.
Yeah like building walls.
Give it up!!!
Flake think statements like this will help him keep his job. Keep dreaming.
.@JeffFlake: "I will work with @POTUS when I believe that he's right and I'll challenge him when I believe that he's wrong." #FoxandFriends 
Gerrymandering seems to be what Republicans like to do to ensure bias, injustice & distrust. Leave it alone! #9thCircuit is just fine for AZ
Ur a creep along with McConnell for running the ads that lie about Kelly. I pray she wipes you out in a landslide victory. Fake Conservative
I'd be highly disappointed if we didn't leave the 9th circuit.
Jeff Flake, too little, too late.
NO NO NO! Stop this nonsense.  Just because YOU don't like a court's decision does not make it wrong.  STOP! 
Must be defeated seems like you will be @POTUS challenger leading yes
Not a good idea!
This would be a serious mistake.
What's your plan turn on right
Wing voters and hope Dems
Will vote 4 a republican  
Song  must have sold 
U that 
You are screwed LOL
Sounds like a conflict of interest to me
Your judgement on trump early on brought us to this place. You suck.
Substantively a bad idea to leave 9th circuit. Period. Forum shopping isn't becoming.
.dont do it because decisions don't go ur way maybe ur on wrong side of legality @POTUS @JoyAnnReid
Looser who doesn't support Trump.
Great use of time. Thwarting the constitution by gerimandering the independent judicial. They should chair hearing 4 replacing u with an app
pass
Can you chair a committee to remove yourself from the Senate??
SUSPEND THE RULES... ~ ! @SenMajLdr
Why?
Why do you favor illegal aliens over actual American citizens? Everybody in AZ now knows this. I want Americas kids to be "dreamers"
With Trump, we know he fights for our kids and our families -- AMERICAN CITIZEN. He isn't worried about keeping flow of illegal nannies.
No gerrymandering.  You will not mess with the Judicial Branch.  9th  Circuit stays as is with AZ.  @RepAndyBiggsAZ
It's like the Missouri Compromise all over again.
This is ridiculous.
@JeffFlake
Too late dude: @kelliwardaz is marching strong!
Disgraceful that you are doing this in a space named for one of the greatest (and liberal) justices of our time.
In what way was O'Connor liberal?? 
You STABBED President TRUMP in the back & now you want to play nice? I will be supporting K. Ward!
Don't care, until you CHAIR an impeachment hearing your words are worthless.
Boy, that Court really pissed Donnie off, huh? 
Now, are you going to do the right thing or are you going to proclaim your loyalty to Trump?
Tackling the huge problems!!!!!!
C'MON AZ......VOTE OUT THIS USELESS STACK OF RINO SHIT!!!
9th Circuit is AZ court. Don't be the "take your ball and go home" baby (like someone else we know) just because you don't like the rulings.
Oh you mean you are finally doing something good for the people?  Surprise, Surprise!  #MAGA  Are you still supporting Phx Sanctuary City?
He still favors illegal aliens over Americans. Everybody in AZ now knows this. And they are talking. More and more, AZ folks waking up!
Cheating the system?!!! Is that the "conservative values" you support?
Glad you are doing something important! Healthcare, taxes, walls, military-that can all wait.
On the screen on the wall there -- that's an ultrasound image of the inside of  Flake's head.
Make America Great Again by getting rid of cheeto jesus
At least Trump Fights for Americans! Why do you favor illegal aliens over American Citizens??? #maga
Oh jeff -- do your job, enforce immigration laws. Why did you turn your back on Americans??? @kelliwardaz @LarrySchweikart @IngrahamAngle
Just because you don't like their verdicts is no reason to allow AZ to leave the circuit. Stop cherry-picking your courts Jeff.
9c is a joke
. What are you doing about your pal John McCain who single-handedly stopped healthcare reform? #traitor
Jack squat. He's going to continue to favor illegals over Americans with his Pal Johnny One Vote! Folks in AZ talking about his betrayal
FLAKE, how about enforcing immigration laws, funding the wall, and putting AMERICANS first, not illegals!!! We don't forget your betrayal!!!
Vote him out. Read how @JeffFlake works to help communist regimes like Cuba and evil Castro brother. https://babalublog.com/2017/03/16/george-w-bush-campaigns-for-jeff-flake-castros-hardest-working-champion-on-capitol-hill/ …
