could we get the Martin Luther King memorial in Phoenix repaired?

to all negatives you should be mad at the waste of taxpayer $$. @JeffFlake is ACTUALLY speaking to that with this bill.
I'm ashamed to call you my senator
shameful u think he shouldnt do sth about waste of tax payer $$!!
wait-what now you've decided to step up and actually start acting like we elected you?  We're on to you.
my suggestion you ask DT for that WH job now and step down so we can replace you now! Suck up!
Does Congress Decorum cover yelling "Liar" at #POTUS during the #SOTU Now that there's a white actual Liar POTUS?
he was a liar tho
Said "if u like your Dr...keep" Applied to 80% so, wrong. Very Diff than pathological Don. But Decorum!
how about a bill to abolish the Republican party
If you can't get the court to rule the way you want just break it up?! BULL CRAP. THAT MAKES ME ANGRY.
Decorum in Congress?? Silencing someone on the Senate floor? Shame!
Apparently "decorum" is now a justification to silence free speech?  The GOP should be ashamed.
major difference between free speech and obstruction for no benefit. you should be mad about waste of tax payer $$
This court suffers from "LMD" it has 2 much power n it's an ideologically driven court #9thCircuitCourtofAppeals
Thank you Senator Flake!
Annnddd they just got enough people fired up to make that happen! Make it so please!
GET it out THERE!
Again, SHAME on you!  The 9th Circuit court is a check on Trump's  bad judgement.   #YouDoNotRepresentMe
Need for decorum in congress? Are you kidding? Have you seen our president?!? Get off your high horse
who cares about #alternativefacts You are gone in 2018.
Do you really think a 9th District is delaying justice for AZ? Really? Another sour grapes for Flake et. al. Rep.
Why dismantle the court that upholds the law? Why back the racist in charge? #byebyejeff #yourefired
keep up the good work, please fix the ninth circuit
Afraid of the courts, Sen. Flake? It's 2018 you need to worry about.
Where were you when Congress SHOUTED "Liar" during SOTU? #hypocrisy
Hilarious that anyone from the  @GOP talks about decorum after the dirty tricks played for YEARS. #TownHall
Go on a real network then you can talk.
Shame on you. AZ deserves better.
FLAKES VOTES BOUGHT AND PAID FOR BYE BIG MONEY GOP#NOFLAKE2018
You're the one who is sounding like a "flake". Do you dress like a vagina also??
Great job, senator. I hope you make the most of your last 636 days in office. We said no; you didn't listen.#WeSaidNo #noDevos
Hell yes we will vote him out!!
*PM. Don't you try to take judgment away from our people, your not going to play favorites in court.
are you fucking kidding?
Telling Warren to sit down & shut up is not "decorum" & Arizona belongs in the 9th! #corruption
lost my vote!!! You fucking sell out!!
Well, GOOD LUCK, Sir. That is a Major undertaking.
SCOTUS could rule that most overturned Court in History is "non functioning".
Whatsamatta, you sissy! Afraid a broad range of judicial oversight might cramp your sellout style?
Good, it's too leftist!!!
more bs political maneuvering.
#replaceflake2018
It is disingenuous to block most of the federal judicial appointments for the last 8 years, and then propose this.
Of course, you've made sure all vacancies were immediately filled. #hypocrite. I worked for Jim Kolbe. You are a liar, sir.
You mean "female decorum," don't you?
eyes on you Flake ... you have to run for office soon enough, and we won't be shy
decorum? Please the vote was ridiculous. What's happened to you? Voting for DeVos silencing opponents...shame
nobody in your state likes you though. #snowflakesagainstflake2018
Nonsense. 9th Circuit isn't overworked. It's just liberal. Don't put AZ in Gorsuch's court.
Breaking up 9th in order to get AZ and its discriminatory policies uphelp.
I'm sorry, decorum? It goes both ways, Senator. Doesnt just apply to the left.
so you can push your conservative agenda forward? Your constituents are protesting in front of your office now.
you want to gerrymander the judiciary. #FUFlake
.@JeffFlake @foxandfriends more party before country from you Jeff.
You SHOULD be drinking Mojitos, they're wonderful for growing testicles when things get dicey.
WHAT??? Break up the #9thCircuit?? Are you crazy??
@saJ822 Hey, here's an idea!  How about you talk to your constitutes?  There's a first for ya.
is bought & paid for.  Immoral
Hypocrite sell out... AZ citizen
How convenient for you. Don't like something? Destroy it.
SHAME SHAME ON YOU
@foxandfriendsThe need to supress the words of Dr Kings window in service of appointing a racist, you mean?
DECORUM?! SILENCING FEMALE SENATOR. REFUSING THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE. ENJOY YOUR LAST DAYS IN SENATE SELL OUT.  DEC
yeah let's create more suppression opportunities. U r on the road to more disharmony in u.s.. time 4Revolution!
You have no decency.  Laws are not arbitrary based upon your personal bias or gain. Fool. Respect is earned.
congress ignored & delayed 100's of judicial nominations in the last 8 yrs #doyourjob makes a difference
.@JeffFlake @foxandfriends Decorum starts with listening, eg Senator Warren, Mrs. King.   I thought you were better than that.  #NoSessions
You don't think a 90 day ban to mk things better.  I'm not voting 4 U next time around RINO 4 SURE
Money talks, eh?  So disappointed in your vote for DeVos. Sold to highest bidder. 2018 is coming.
You're perfect for Fox News, Senator. Truly.
Mr Flake, you have an opportunity to stand 4 the people of this nation and against a police state. NO ON SESSIONS
more BS from the Rhinos to look good while taking Soros $$$ Az needs to vote @DrKelliWard
you just want to find a way to get ur bullshit altright tea party agenda threw #noflake
this court taking to long president had the right to put in 90 day ban from countries that might do us harm
there's no real need for this.
You truly are deplorable.
so shock coming from Flake!
Hope you enjoy the remainder of your term 
when are you going to start impeachment proceedings for clear violation of the law and constitution by @POTUS ?
oh that's right you won't because you are hypocrites in the process of a power grab.
-
Users Of Tragedy Will No Longer Be Able To Assault Liberty/System If America Identifies & Approaches Our Enemy
Are you willing to turn our country into a nation with no checks and balances on the other branches of gov't?

Clearly a plot to delegitimize courts and push AZ to alt-right. DON'T! @SenJohnMcCain
still can't wait to vote you out!
Mr. Senator, why don't you call for decorum from our President!
Decorum??? Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. Where was "decorum" over the last 8 years?!? NOW it's suddenly important? Hack. #2018
Thats called gerrymandering.  You can't do that.  
You sold out your constituents. You'd know all about a lack of decorum. #flakeout2018
Boo! Another reason to vote him out of office!
really!? Decorum is the least of our worries, @JeffFlake, although your voting records lack it and decency.
I am ashamed that you would not uphold the right of EW to speak and read MLK widow letter. We need to talk!
Awesome News

Already organizing to defeat you in 2018, will be at your town hall today in Sun City today  #resist
what about the need for you to vote against unqualified cabinet nominations? Kiss your job goodbye, sir
.@JeffFlake @foxandfriends You disagree w/ 9ths decisions no need to break up. Why not speak to Trump about decorum, btw? @elizabethforma
so gerrymandering isn't enough?
You wont be able to win in '18 by accusing opponent of violence against women. Your friend POTUS made that behavior okay.
oh good. Someone finally told Mitch Mc how to behave like a human being.
I am an Arizona taxpayer and voter. Breaking up the 9 th Circuit?  I was wrong to think so highly of youNoFlake
Don't change the courts because you want different outcomes.
flake how dare u! Attacking a strong woman senator speaking truth to bigotry!shame on you for not speaking up too
can't happen fast enough!
We that R standing for the good of safe America seem to be getting slammed by the ruthless. Proud of you! 
What stops these liberals from judge shopping?
You seem like a good man.  Realize that DJT is a existential threat.  We Arizonans need you to stand up to him!
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.  @JeffFlake
bye bye in 2018
I'll see you primaried
wow, you do not represent me at all.
Hypocrite! Bought and paid for. You will never receive a vote from me.
GOOD!!!!!  MORE POWER TO YOU!!!  The snowflakes won't like it but that's because it's a good thing for our country
Can't wait to donate to your opponent in 2018!
Shopping for a friendlier court?
Senator, is there anything about trump so far that concerns you?
any plans for a town hall anytime soon? Or will you just keep assuming you know what your constituents want?
She was reading a letter from Coretta Scott King about presumptive AG, who should have his record properly vetted
it's called "fair and balanced". Personal/political agendas have no room at any government level.
Good plan
you aren't listening to us jeff#dumptrump
Awsome! I'll be speaking to people about voting you out of Congress. #ArizonaDeservesBetter! #SilencingAndDecorumArenotSynonyms
Mmmmmm, that sweet sweet donor money. You strip naked while rolling in it?
We are with you Jeff
#BreakUp9thCircuitCourt #deploralbles please support this bill call your #senators 202-224-3121
You are out of your gourd.
love this idea.. bigly
AZ is ashamed. Last 24hrs: You silenced opposing views. Sold ur vote & asked 4 a pat on the back for solving problem u created.
Perhaps, when introducing a bill, don't break up the states so obviously. CA, NV, AZ should be together.
so good to see you live up to your name FLAKE
does that involve you stepping down and not taking bribes?
Maybe if you did your jobs and confirms the backlog of judges?
wants to leave the #9thCircuit because they don't let AZ be conservative. Ruled against AZ on SB1070, driver license ban...
also ruled against AZ on denying same sex marriage benefits to state employees, 20week abortion ban, restricting abort medication
also ruled against AZ on anti day labor law. Jeff doesn't like losing. Veiled attempt to move to less "liberal" court.
Do you really think muzzling Sen Elizabeth Warren was showing decorum? Constituent here from 85345. I support 9th circuit as is.
your obstruction is so transparent. We see you fool. Voting you out!
are you TRYING to lose reelection?
so how much was it you sold your soul for again?
you are a sell out and an embarrassment
Did not tell the real reason for 9th Circuit it is to support the AZ Assembly passing anti Bill of Rights bills
@POTUS Should have AG Sessions investigate the judicial! They're blatantly biased & don't follow immigration laws!
first gerrymander the nation, then skew the courts? It isn't enough to sell your Senate vote? #Flakeout2018
decorum? how about just following the law
IMO the 9th circuit is too full of liberals who make up their own laws to get their evil deeds done. Travesty.
you better do whatever work you had planned quick before you're voted out next term.
you are a horrible senator
what you have no balls to come to the real news sites and make this statement fox has the lowest ratings
Overdue. #9thCircuit have a monopoly going. Time to break things up - shake things up
are you for real we have to vote out this commie party now
How about you concentrate on representing your state of which you are doing a poor job of right now.

How odd. I had thought that, as Republicans, go you were reasonable. Not so. Decorum exists when sides play fair.
they no longer do their job. The politics are what they are about not enforcing the law and constitution.
Absolutely! But not just the 9th circuit. Soros has infected our justice system with liberal judges.Weed them out
You and Mr Biggs are Court Shopping. Arizonans need a check on their RW governor and legislature.
Arizona is ashamed of you today.  You will be out in 2018.  #Flakeout2018 #TheResistance  Shame on you!
It's about time.  It's overrun by Democrats who's only interest is their own, not American security.
Still can't believe you voted to confirm Betsy DeVos, a woman unable to speak coherently about IDEA.
LOL Decorum?? You just sold out my kid's future to Betsy DeVos. Keep fighting for decorum though, champ!
So decorum in Congress only required for women?
Decorum, since you can't have intelligence or ethics?
Your actions show ur interest is to stay in office, so you do as Club for Growth PAC says, not what AZ wants.
OMG if this is not #GOP obstructionist behavior? #2018
so ironic to be speaking to @foxandfriends about decorum
Any good you do is now tainted. We now know u are only motivated by money, not the good of this country.
I'm voting you out!
Sorry you lost all credibility and my crossover vote when you confirmed DeVos. I assume everything u do is for $
So, you went to @foxandfriends to discuss you selling out your constituents' best interest? Both telling and hideous. STOP this.
9th circuit is mainstream overall vs others. Court forum shopping based on a political agenda is wrong.
disgusting
you let someone buy a cabinet seat.
. SELL OUT. You are just trying to get more conservative judges to allow you to totally screw over AZ. BYE BYE 2018
agree! Important to mobilize because Flake is up in #2018
no kidding.
DeVos shame #2018
good theme!
So brave, Senator! You do exhibit all the decorum of a lap-dog, however!
Jeff for once you do a a good thing
