DUDE THEY CALL THIS WHITE SUPREMACY NOW WAKE UP
let me explain why I am dem...

it has nothing to do with education, healthcare, economics, defense, etc

it is that I am FOR equality
it is EXACTLY that simple
not all republicans are against gays, blacks, women, latinos, arabs, muslims, jews, etc

but everybody who IS against them IS republican

the same reason you all left is the reason I was never there to start with
for the 1st time in my lifetime, I see another party forming with respect for equality
for the 1st time, another option is presenting itself

I have donated to individuals backing this movement, I would like to donate more
I would like to donate to the cause in general, not individuals

however...

1. you are not verified by twitter
2. link in your profile does not work

fix these 2 issues so I can donate, tweet, argue your cause
It is better for us both, therefore, to be separated. Bye Buh Source: Collected Works of Abraham Lincoln. Volume 5.
 https://quod.lib.umich.edu/l/lincoln/lincoln5/1:812?rgn=div1;view=fulltext …
The way to condemn white supremacy is to condemn white supremacy, not to talk around it.
If you are referring to our POTUS...HE DID CONDEMN THEM AND ALL THE OTHER THUGS! WHEN ARE WE GONNA talk about condemning BLM?!
Condemning BLM is inconsistent with Ephesians 4:2.  You can preach it but can't follow it, eh?
Enjoy unemployment in a couple years.
You really need to switch to the Democratic Party.
Say his name.
Voldemort or ...?
That's funny.
CUCKservative.
You're the party of Trump.
Agreed. You're right. Now what are you going to do about it? The people are looking for a leader...
In case you don't know - his name is Donald Trump. Show some balls - say his name.
You mean like Lincoln did?
Know your history before you stake your ground. I agree we should not equivocate, but historically many did, including Lincoln
See the Lincoln Douglas debates
Why not? It's not like y'all ever supported your words with action. Why start now?
Now is your time to be a voice heard clearly as a great statesmen. You will not stand alone,you will not fall in line just unite
Nope. CONDEMN DJT the SOURCE of INCITEMENT & ACTION: IMPEACHMENT. Otherwise GOP party of RACISTS. PERIOD. Not many sides to this
Then start impeachment proceedings and ensure your place in history as a true patriot. Words are hollow without action to back them up.
Be specific. Call out Trump personally. Do something. Don't just talk.#ImpeachTrump
Y'all so chickenshit you won't even say his name. Say it! 
More words. Let's see some action!
You going to state this to a specific person directly or will you remain complicit in that equivocation?
Or if you voted to confirm @BetsyDeVosED and @jeffsessions.
I didn't, the @POTUS didn't, who is we @JeffFlake? You and who else?
You are a Rino and can't wait to see your next election. Run as Dem next time
Nevertheless, without the institution of Slavery, the colored race as a basis, the war could not have an existence.
 https://quod.lib.umich.edu/l/lincoln/lincoln5/1:812?rgn=div1;view=fulltext …
I stand with POTUS 
I will donate to POTUS 
I am an AZ business owner
Well you've done it tacitly since Nixon
Got to do better jeff! Got to condemn trump outright now ! Trump directly must be removed from your GOP
Call for resignation or impeachment.  Words are cheap!
Any Republican that doesn't call for Trump to resign or be impeached might as well be wearing a nazi uniform & saluting Trump. #ImpeachTrump
You are for open borders illegal immigration amnesty. You don't care about your voters in ArizonaYou have been opposing Trump more than dems
Y'all haven't been the party of Lincoln since Nixon's southern strategy in 1968. Trump is result of decades of GOP racism, covert & explicit
Say his name. This is how it is done.
Extraordinarily powerful statement from Orthodox rabbinicial association condemning @POTUS.  Here is association's statement: 
Your party shouldn't be allowed to ride in a Lincoln.
So...hate to tell you...you are not the party of Lincoln...haven't been for a while...
Say his name
On a related note, let's see more Arizonan Republicans take the party back from Jan Brewer and Joe Arpaio.
Not the party of Lincoln, T. Roosevelt, Eisenhower, or even Reagan any more.
#ImpeachTrump
@JeffFlake 
Then introduce one of these in the Senate
Now, we are introducing a measure to censure @realDonaldTrump. His latest comments fuel hatred. They are inexcusable and deeply un-American. 
Mr. Flake we don't want Donald to come here & poison Arizona ! Please don't let him come !
It's only supremacy when whites want group representation. Called "civil rights" for everyone else.
No one hates there own kids like Boomers
Whites WILL have the same group representation, freedom of association everyone else already has.

Your generation demonized your own kids.
Agree
You should switch parties...now's good.
IMO=only way 4 your values too align w/actions. Your future in the GOP is over. You could attain real power for change (Pass it on 2 Heller)
I suggest you call out @realDonaldTrump by name, Donald J Trump, racist! And an unstable "brain"! Why can't you?
Reach out to @MayorStanton to support cancelling @realDonaldTrump 's HATE RALLY from occurring on 8/22 at PCC.
Lincoln's speech from debates against Douglas. Sounds like a white supremacist to me.
Lincoln was a white supremacist.
Can't wait to see you sponsor a new a Voting Rights Act in the senate.  Words are empty if you don't ACT! 
That is what you're doing when you allow Donald Trump to remain leader of your party. This tweet, therefore, is empty
He has no control over Donald Trump being the leader of the party.  We do.  The voters.
They actually have some sway. They can create an atmosphere that forces him to resign, if they wanted to. They can urge the 25th.
What for?  A lie?  The president immediately condemned hate from all groups.  As he should have.  We ALL heard it.
Are you done yet? #Impeachtrump Ready to get this country back to sanity? #ImpeachTrump
You know @SenJohnMcCain and I'd bet on @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski #Impeachtrump
this seems more like a memo to yourself than anything else
You mean with statements like these? #GRP
how about voting against Trump's nominees, Senator Flake?  Put your voice into your votes.
Principles only go so far apparently.
The aspiration of men is to enjoy equality when free but your race is made the equal of ours.  AL on Blk Equality
 https://quod.lib.umich.edu/l/lincoln/lincoln5/1:812?rgn=div1;view=fulltext …
In a generation there will be dozens of majority black, Hispanic, & Asian countries, and zero majority white countries. White supremacy?

Abraham Lincoln was a progressive hypocrite who violated the Constitution, both in letter and spirit.
America was built by slave holding White Supremacists....learn it, live it, love it.
Say Donald Trump is wrong.
President Trump was right. He is,always right and ten steps ahead of everyone.
You can't be the party of Lincoln if you condemn White Supremacy at all
I do not propose to discuss equality of the races, but to present inequality as a fact with which we have to deal.  https://quod.lib.umich.edu/l/lincoln/lincoln5/1:812?rgn=div1;view=fulltext …
You didn't do well in your history class, eh Senator Flake?  Lincoln believed white men to be superior to black men.
You're not! You're the party of Nazis, KKK, white supremacist, Alt-right Trump. Anyone can "claim" anything. 
A tweet from GOP=complicity!
http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/stonewall-jackson-kin-take-down-confederate-monuments/ar-AAqfu23?li=BBnb7Kz&ocid=mailsignout …
This can not stand. Stand up. Options:  #25ththe45th #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Also, you're not the party of Lincoln so don't try to name drop here. You know that GOP platform is not what was then considered republican.
It's not equivocating 2also condemn other forms of violence. What cabal have you folks launched? Suddenly all GOP limpwrists out of woodwork
We cant be the party of Lincoln while aiding isis type groups to destroy our historical monuments, attack free speech burn cities, victims
I'm a Phoenix resident & I implore you as my Senator to invoke section 4 of the 25th amendment to the Constitution. Courage, Senator!
if you dont wake up you going to lose it all. you are now associated as the party of hate. flags will be  hung upside down
Senator Flake do what must be done. Remove Trump from office. #25thAmendment before it gets any worse. Pence should go too. You have to. SOS
Stop talking and get rid of the monster that you created. #25thAmendment or #YourLastTerm
Where is your condemnation of AntiFa?  Are you condoning them for the instigation in violence?
You haven't been the party of Lincoln for quite some time. Since '64, I'd argue. Once the republican party courted the south, in fact.
@POTUS has and always will condemn hate and racism.  Democrats have ALWAYS supported White Supremacy.
Time for you and McCain to resign
Did @POTUS "equivocate in condemning white supremacy"?  I can't tell by your statement.  Do you condone or condemn his statements.
Why are you equivocating against white supremacy? Nobody else did. Btw where do you stand on hate groups such as Antifa and BLM?
Say the name of the Nazi in our White House or have some soup.
Trump is the only one standing against ANTIFA thugs (which are the same as Hitler Youth). Flake gives them a pass.
Which of course Trump did. Whether we choose not to hear is another story.
Ur party leader claims there no diff between Nazis and those who oppose them. Tell that to the 417k dead Americans who fought in WW2. Loser.
The GOP is just a name. Your party bears no resemblance to the party of Lincoln.
He our President condemned it more than any President in our history don't  you know thats the lefts game victim party idenity politics
It is time to censure #censuretrump
Well you have and are equivocating.
Lincoln was a racist.
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT instead of Tweeting. Get to work figuring out how to MAKE A CHANGE. Save this teetering nation. Don't whine, DO.
Too late. You're the party of Trump now. What are you going to DO about it?
You lost the right to call yourself the party of Lincoln when Trump won the GOP nomination and you all fell in line.  Had you rallied behind
John Kasich last year, America would be a very different place today.
Denounce the president and impeach.
Our PRESIDENT is a nazi, white supremacist sympathizer. KKK Duke praised him & Spencer said he was proud of @potus! He should be impeached.
Lead Sir use the 25th amendment now!You are all complicit if you allow this madness!
You're already equivocating by not condemning the guy who won't condemn white supremacy, your man Trump.  You own him. #Impeach45
Please push for impeachment. Now.
Is true, we can't.   So when will we hear you condemn the white supremacists?  Do you have anyone specific in mind?
President Trump did condemn white supremacy!!
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
Courage has no price but complacency can bankrupt men,ideaology and morality. Policy of a flawed man most likely is flawed policy
Do something!
You can stop at not claiming to be the party of Lincoln.  You are not even in the same area code, or Reagan for that matter
Or in the UNITED States of America.
Does that mean you are ready to actually vote ir not vote w Trump?  You talk right but Jeff you vote 100% rhe way mitch tells u
You're not the party of Lincoln, you are the party of Trump & the longer you allow this to continue the harder it'll be for @GOP to recover.
You aren't from the party of Lincoln you are a Democrat posing as a Republican.
Nobody is equivocating....you are a political hack played by the media
Pressure your GOP colleagues to remove this horror of a president. Please. #WorstPresidentEver
Say that on the floor of congress to tour colleagues. Bring a mirror so ALL of you can reflect then dump that nightmare in the Oval. This
little experiment where you're allowing our republic to inch towards authoritarianism is REPUGNANT!
I mean. I appreciate the condemnation, but p sure Republicans gave up that mantle when they embraced the Southern Strategy
Than call out Trump by name.
Say his name Jeff
Agree with you here, but the current GOP is not the party of Lincoln.  As you well know The GOP is the current Southern Democrats post CRA
All of this fighting we're doing against ISIS, I guess we should take part of the blame for the violence. #trump #trumplogic #bothsides
It's like almost nobody remembers the foundation of the party anymore.
The problem isn't the what it's the who that should be condemned.
You’re ass is about to be out of politics.
is another politician who does not know the meaning of everyone meant to be all. Maybe the voters will help him OUT.
Here is your Pal @SenJohnMcCain next to Svoboda Neo-Nazi Party Leader!
Do not attend his Phoenix charade! Show your concern and don't be there to see him pardoning his racist supporter Joe Arpaio! Stand strong!
You are the party of white supremacy You are the Trump party You knew what he was like, but winning was more important You own ALL of this
Republicans have not been that party for a long time Senator.
President disrespected you like he did Heidi Cruz, yet Ted still endorsed him, will you do the same after he called you "FLAKE.?" #resist
Congrats on being called "toxic" by DT. One of few times I'm not being facetious. DT calling you names=step in the right direction for you.
Oh wait...sorry I had that wrong.  You are WEAK and TOXIC
Not sure to whom you're referring. Say his name.
Obama.. i will say it for him
Two wrongs do not make a right! Violence is violence no matter where it comes from. Both groups were violent and both groups are disgraceful
Who was equivocating anything/ The facts are the violence was instigated by the leftist.
So STOP EQUIVOCATING and dump trump &his entire racist, white supremacist cabinet. Including Sessions!
You and the rest of the Federal Gov are not of any party. You support the global pedophile elites. Have you ever seen a child sacrificed?
Very glad you condemned white supremacy. Now condemn its twin - Antifa. Two sides of the same coin. Failure to do so is condoning terrorism.
Excellent words, but it is on you and @SenateGOP to ACT. Nice words don't distance you from @POTUS and racist hate.

#SayHisNameGOP
Jeff, you fool, why would you turn on Pres Trump? We heard his words
What don't u get about it taking time to collect facts?
Senator, the #UniteTheRight groups r not the party of Lincoln or Reagan. They r the party of Trump. @GOP @SenateGOP
Trump won't condemn Nazis but calls you toxic BY NAME. Where is your dignity and pride?  Stand up to this man. Real conservatives r with u.
Decent Americans thank you for your voice.
His name is Trump.
Enough talk. The people demand action. What can we count on you to DO about this?
So stop equivocating. We don't need more of your bland statements. Call on the cabinet to invoke the 25th amendment. Enough "statements."
Haters be Haters... RINOs be RINOs.
Conservatives neither.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
OR, ANTIFA, RIGHT, Flake?
Jeff, you are obviously a RINO! If you keep up your liberal rhetoric you will be defeated in the election!
He is verbally bullying you today, in public, on twitter.  Our Government has been reduced to a 3rd grade playground. Fix this now. 25th!
#MAGA #onevote
No, you can't. Now call out this racist president by name. Also...
So what are you going to do about it Senator? The time for tweeting that there is a problem is over. It's time for congressional action.
Exactly, lock up Maxine waters for her racism now!!!
Schmuck.
Racist
How's your morning going Senator? Trump has no problem calling you out by name, think it's FINALLY time to return the favor?
You mean "defend"
Seems the "White Supremacists", Ku Klux Klan & the rest were HIRED & PAID by the Left you imbecile. Those are YOUR liberal guys
You need to condemn him personally.
Why do you refuse to condemn leftist hate, intolerance, and violence. What the eff is wrong with you
Vote his ass out of office
You can't claim to be a uniter or a supporter of Republican  if you falsely jab for self aggrandizement with convoluted & false statements
An %18 approval rate lower than Nancy
Now the most popular Democratic
Senator in country backed you Song 
WTF is wrong with you TRUMP TRAIN
I hearted this but please -  Why can't any of you GOPers say his name?
At least you still have your soul Mr. Flake.  Why don't you flip and run as. Democrat?
I hope Lincoln haunts Trump to Hell and back
He condems all violence & hatred Jeffy! Even the alt left which is a violent hate mob. Even"radical islam"Pple like U can't stand the truth!
I hope you will be one of the 67 senators needed to #ImpeachTrump in the senate through conviction after the @HouseGOP begins impeachment
You stopped being the Party of Lincoln after the Southern Re-Alignment in the 60s.

Do they not teach American history anymore?
Amen to that!!!!!!
Big words from a senator who won't put "Republican" in their Twitter bio
What will you do about it?
Trump needs to resign & let Pence take over. He's doing unrepairable harm to the rep. party, the nation and the WORLD. DEMAND HE RESIGN .
Your Party is no longer the Republican Party. People can't stomach it anymore. They are leaving. So should you.
Thank you Sen. Flake. ;)
Great words, but we need action. #actionsnotwords DO don't just talk.
Shame on you for calling Trump supporters racist. And sir when do you come up for reelection???
