DID YOU EVEN WATCH THIS VIDEO?  HE SAYS IT ALLOWS ANOTHER PLAYER INTO THE GAME!! HOW IS THIS NOT CHANGE OR LESSENING OF PROTECTIONS???
Guess we know where your re-election funding is sourced. I think your senate career is over.
You are bought and paid for, Senator Flake. 2018 will be a wake up call for you.
Hope you enjoyed your 30 coins of silver to sell out your constituents' internet privacy. #NoFlake2018 is the rallying cry.
no thanks, Senator. I'll get my assessment of your travesty from tech privacy experts like @EFF . Are you just greedy or tech ignorant?
Liar
Shame on you for this misleading and alternative fact generating "citation"
BS! I'll quote THIS video: "You're being hit w/targeted ads right now THIS IS JUST LETTING ANOTHER PLAYER COME INTO THE GAME." NOT CHANGED??
Lies from another Republican. Shocked no really. #ExGOP #StopLying
Spin it how you want... 2018 is just over the horizon.
United States Senate election in Arizona, November 6, 2018, replace this idiot who thinks he's fighting for liberty.
kind of a joke segment. Answer me one question Jeff, how does this "roll back" improve the lives of your constituents?
still doesnt make it right. protect consumer privacy. this was good regulation destroyed by Flake. 12 reporting is disingenuous. site!=isp
I am still in shock from your FCC law to sell us out
I can't believe that you feel that this is perfectly acceptable. Where are our protections as consumers?
If this results in no real change, then why do it?  Someone is benefiting, even if we haven't figured out who yet.  #backscratching
Oh wait, we have figured it out.  Internet service providers and communications companies who get paid for that information.
Google and FB sell ads, now your ISP will sell your info to the highest bidder as well. This 12 news report is misleading
What you did was stop a law that would protect us from going into effect.  Anything else you say about it, is another LIE. #FlakeOut2018
#alternativefact check. Please stop lying. One Kellyanne Conjob is enough. We don't need more.
you mean like...in the legislation you signed?
Whoa!  AZ local news are now experts on Internet privacy!  Certainly no chance of bias!
Why is the bill being signed?
I wonder who more people have given negative feedback to on social media, u or  Restaurant nightmares Amys Baking Co? Im guessing u 10X.
So is it going to be a norm to get info from news?  Don't you have reports and agencies you can get the best info from?
My browsing history with google doesnt mean i want it to be my browsing history with windshield replacement telemarketing Jeff Fake
You just allowed them to be sold like allowing us to be added to a telemarketing list. Thanks for the slight of hand fact check though buddy
Who are you trying to convince, exactly? Your constituents know the difference. At this point we would vote for literally anyone but you.
Do you take your constituents for idiots? If so, we are idiots who vote. #VoteHimOut
I thought privacy rights were valued by conservative voters.
You know you passed the bill that will be signed by that fool in the White House. Midterms are coming. Pack your bags!
You have a new bill getting ready to sign. We are awake and watching your every move. You want a communist country. Good bye in 2018!
You have been purchased! POS!
thank you for the info
Disappointed in you.
You're again looking out 4 the interests of corp.(your masters) instead of protecting ur constituents. Why do u have to hurt us for profits?
You voted so your constituents private info can be sold for a premium. You are a corporate shill! Can't wait to see your browser history!
Watch out for #FlaketheSnake
You eliminated privacy protections that would have gone into place. Choosing corporations over consumers.
You may not understand how the internet works, but your constituents do.  We will remember.
@JeffFlake that is disingenuous and disgusting. You voted to take away our protections that were needed and were going into effect.
Protective privacy rule had not begun b/f GOP cancelled it! Tired of regurgitating GOP slop? Caucus w @TheDemocrats #NoGorsuch @SenateDems
Key word there = "existing." U prevented new rule preventing telecom cos from selling info & FCC from EVER enacting such a rule.
Not sure who  you think you're convincing, Jeff. We know you rolled back protections before they went into place to satisfy your donors.
This isn't a story, this is the lack of a story. "Breaking News: my accomplishment is that I've prevented an accomplishment, thank you."
Facebook and Google are free services we can choose not to use.  ISP's, not so much. Disingenuous to draw that parallel.  2018? Bye, bye.
yes loser sell us out so many stupid actions to total try and do away with Obama legends a bunch of racist bastards vote Flake the flake out
Wow, assuming anyone who opposes you isn't educated on the issue? You prevented the protections from going into place. How is that good?
True, u just stopped protections from going into place. When will you share new regs you've promised 2 protect privacy?
What I heard is that you got paid 28k by ISPs to allow them to sell our data
