Spending billions on a "wall" is a terrible waste of money.
Is building a wall the way to do that?
Maybe don't build a pointless and destructive wall then.
don't approve stupid wall activities.  Renewable energy growth and job training
No Wall!
We pay next to nothing for that debt, you ass, and your tweet dishonestly represents your policy position as the CBO's
Big part of our debt is Trade Deficits Senator!
Follow Warren Buffets advice remove lifetimepay!!
Problem solved! Yep thought so:( only lip service 2America First!
How about taxing the rich at proper levels? Why are they at tax brackets below 15%?
Neither TRUMP, nor Many of Your Fellow REPUBS are willing to CURB their Spending Habits -  I Truly Belive, During The TRUMP Era, the National Debt will INCREASE by at Least 5 TRILLION dollars, in order to offer a MOney Give Away to HUGE Corporations & RICH 1% by way of TAX CUTS
.  please fight inappropriate choices for leaders!  Especially Pruitt!  Protect people and the environment Please!
2 AZ Senators havent done much on stoping the invasion led by obama. They support amnesty. http://ojjpac.org/sanctuary.asp 
Absolutely! Please tell @POTUS that hiring freezes and removing whole staffs can increase costs and inefficiencies!
Seriously??- As GOP talks of building wall and chasing potus' conspiracy theories - YOU are fiscal disaster!
.  Trump is putting troops in Iraq in danger with his continual rant of "we are going to take the oil."
Building a wall is a lousy place to start saving money.
- then no $15 billion wall, please. Won't work, waste of money.
how about equitable trade agreements?
More tax cuts for the rich is why we're in this predicament in the first place. Economics 101, raise revenues!
haven't you ever heard of the trickle down theory!  I#Lol.  Couldn't say it with a straight face
Yeah no kidding. How much more proof do we need that trickle down hasn't worked. Hello fellow #Huskers
@Eccentrie @DailySignal Get rid of @chuckschumer
so that wall is a good idea?
15 B for a wall is fiscally irresponsible.
The GOP is notorious for their spending on their friends -- if you spent on American people it would not be so bad.
how will funding Trump's $10billion border wall help?
And then there's that wall w/ no money down from Mexico. What are we going to have to give up to finance it?
I strongly protest any appropriations bill to fund "The Great Wall of Trump."
Thank you #jeffflake for #controlspending in Washington! No tax breaks for top earners either
@SenJohnMcCain Curb spending by increasing the Military budget. Planning an #oilwar to pay for it?
It would be a first to see the deficit decrease during a Republican administration.
. The crazy train needs to come into the station so we can get off.
RTFT! Raise the taxes to pay for it. What businessman runs a business at a loss? A bankrupt one.
why then would it spend billions to build a wall? Serious question.
Why? Can you show any evidence that the debt is hurting anything? What would change if we had zero debt?
in other words, take away people's health care and spend another trillion on a weapons system that doesn't work.
See the picture of these guys laughing while they rob the American ppl blind. Will u let them?
Don't let Trump spend our tax dollars on his wall #NoBanNoWall
Yeah, and let's cut taxes on the wealthy...
If you really want to cut the deficit DONT BUILD THAT DAMN WALL & DON'T INVESTIGATE FALSE VOTER FRAUD CLAIMS!
649 days till mid term elections. Tides are turning. We are marching. Day's are numbered.
you might want to consider not building the stupid wall for starters. Stop student loans to these scam for-profits
are you serious? You're going to increase spending, Wall, Military, and cut taxes?
So how about we not build a multi billion dollar wall. @realDonaldTrump #wasteofmoney
How much is that wall gonna cost us?
We're the richest country on earth. With vastly concentrated wealth and inequality, fair taxes can raise money to meet our needs.
. Yes let's start by not building the Wall.  Find the courage to stand up to that!!
When will you be back in AZ and holding town hall meetings??
Cut all social programs and increase military spending. That's the ticket.
we could pump the breaks on the whole building the wall thing...? I think that will save us a couple billion.
How bout getting the kleptomaniac out of the WH?
given you're concern for the debt, what's your position on a border wall costing many tens of billions?
I agree Senator. So why are we going to pay for the Wall? Thought Mexico was?Plus why pay to 'investigate' 3-5M 'illegal' voters?
What should H. Hoover's lesson be? Value what you have- 77,500K tax payers is too small. Virtuous circles, not vicious cycles.
Hurtling=?
Also would be nice for you to open your phone lines @JeffFlake so your constituents can call you #democracy
So oppose voter fraud investigation likely to cost millions and border wall and focus on imp things like insurance access #saveaca #resist
We need to actively reduce the burden of borrowing to fund budgets in Red States.

https://taxfoundation.org/which-states-rely-most-federal-aid-0 …
unnecessary investigations, useless walls. That'll do it. On track!
Trump will double that. Which is it small government or large. Who has the balls to stop him
The national debt was 19.5 trillion when Obama left office and the Republicans were having a fit.
But have you found the courage to speak out against a border wall, repealing the ACA and investigating voter fraud?
Will you also be objecting to tax cuts that would add to that debt?
Nobody wants balanced budget more than I. You GOP will own it if it spirals out of control. Stable at end of Obama.
FAKE news Flake. We all know debt currently under $20 billion.  Current budget budget unknown with erratic POTUS.
Yeah...and you work for us... start with supporting health care, schools and the environment instead of the cheeto-in-chief!
What do you think the cost will be for 1,900,800 linear feet (Az/Mx border) of a Wall in your backyard is?
Something we can agree on.  Federal hiring freeze and reduce work force through attrition maker brilliant sense.
How do you plan to bring down the debt with tax cuts and stupid infrastructure like the wall? BTW, your VM is full.
Don't spend money investigating 'voter fraud' or building that stupid and nonsensical wall!!
Courage not to dramatically curb revenue would be helpful, too.
But do NOT touch Social Security, medicare or ACA! Here's an idea: put Congress on ACA & start taxing the 1%.
Stop borrowing to balance state budgets. Have States live within their means.
agreed. How does building a wall fit into that budget?
Who in Congress has courage?
But what about the Wall? Don't we need to go into debt to build the Wall?
Yet you want to to give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and screw those struggling to make ends meet.
Tough talk for a guy that let it go from 10 to 20 trillion.
Congress needs to find the courage to NOT reduce taxes for the wealthiest interests in this country.
So, how does spending billions of dollars on a unnecessary wall curb spending? Instead let's punish the poor. Sad!
It's necessary...we don't need millions of government workers.
You mean they need the courage to end social programs that help poor people and end funding for scientific research.
Fast. I've been sick to my stomach for the last 15 years.Every week and new fraud,theft,abuse, IRS personnel expense account etc.
failing to look at both curbing spending and finding additional revenue is why we are hurling and been hurling for a while.
. Maybe start with the folly of spending millions on a wall?
So help me understand why you will let donald spend $ to build an unnecessary wall? Prepare for the future not the past.
So let me guess. You will give tax cuts to the wealthy and cut the safety net for everyone else!?
What are you going to do to stop Trump from drowning us in debt?
.@JeffFlake #Obamacare not helping.
absolutely!
Hmmm: https://twitter.com/mattyglesias/status/824255967344869376 …
