can you please share why you voted yes?
ExxonMobil and Russia are making me ill.  Won't you stand against any of the money grubbers?
As a resident of Arizona I need to express my opposition to your support of Rex as Secretary of State!
I've read over 1/2 of the 140 replies and have only seen 1 in support. Maybe rethink your approach? #rejectPruitt & #rejectDeVos
Tillerson has no experience representing a country at this level.  AZ is on the cusp of turning democrat.  You just assured it.
we are going to finally wash the bloody red out with crystal clear blue. The tide is turning
he has never worked ANYWHERE other than Exxon, this makes him a great choice for Secretary of State!?
Remind folks why they opposed John Kerry. What's that? They didn't oppose him?
support America before party look at the protests do you not get it
Disappointed!  Are you listening to the constituents or will you be representing Trump / corporate interests? #Election2018
Disappointed in both my AZ senators. Will not be voting for Flake in 2018.
No, No, No, Too many ties to Russia and Putin. Wake UP.
Writing on behalf of parents, whom u represent: They r extremely disappointed w/ your yes vote & will remember it at election. @JeffFlake
Tillerson threatens our national security and those who support him are complicit. I beg you to reconsider. Who are you working for?
vote no on Wilkerson and vos America before party.
Are you kidding me? I actually had a small glimmer of hope from you. Can't wait to see you voted out 2018 is coming for you.
I called you a hypocrite once and you said I was wrong.  I wasn't.
I am from Chandler and I VIOLENTLY disagree with this. Voted for you in the past, but I won't forget this
Oh wow, you surprise me, you actually supported one of Trumps nominations.
You're up for election in 2018. Please vote NO on the #DeVos confirmation. Charter schools in AZ have destroyed public ed.
You're on the wrong side of this one. Nearly of your King's cabinet nominations are swamp dwellers
please support Scott Pruitt for the EPA as well, you and he have something in common in your stance against Water of the U.S reg.
your position on Tillerson is shameful.
only if congress keeps the Russian sanctions in place. Not convinced he cares about anything but Exxon's $
Very disappointed in your vote for Tillerson & your approval of the extreme right agenda of GOP. The people of AZ deserve better.
41 years targeting profits, turning a blind eye to dictators and human suffering in pursuit of oil. No social currency, we suffer
Are you serious? You see no conflict of interest? I disagree with you politically but respected your integrity. Please reconsider
Tillerson is not who the American people need!  He is not looking out for the best interest of America! Vote No!
https://medium.com/@yonatanzunger/trial-balloon-for-a-coup-e024990891d5#.ffpqet9j7 …
How in God's name can you support Trump and anyone in his cabinet. You don't deserve to be an elected official.
no
I called your office to urge  you to vote no on Tillerson, this has not gone well obviously. Please listen to your constituents.
This is very disappointing. As your constituent, I'm not happy. This is not the right person for this position.
will he help your support for Russia
Tillerson doesn't have enough experience in foreign relations outside of the oil industry to make him qualified for this job.
wrong move!  See you in 2018
this nominee has too many conflicts of interest, don't think he can effectively serve America
You should be ashamed of yourself.  Arizona voters will remember.
No Tillerson! Stop the oil pipelines! Stop violating treaties the US entered into in good faith! #SecretaryOfState
oil money everywhere. Arizona will not be voting for you again after this lack of integrity.
Bad vote. Big oil man with close ties to Russia. Bad for America.
https://www.google.com/amp/thehill.com/policy/energy-environment/315876-trump-bans-epa-employees-from-giving-social-media-updates%3Famp …
I wonder if they will repeal Russian sanctions so Exxon can help pollute our air and water, ya think
- truly disappointed in your choice JF. #watching
omg r u crazy?  oh wait no just greedy ahhh
Happy to not vote for you in 2018 as you obviously don't care about your constituents or America.
Our nation or Russia, or are they the same now? (I’m an AZ voter.)
How much will you permit Trump to erode our Democracy and our standing in the world?  Shame on you, again.
if by "serve" you mean push policies that will favor ExxonMobil profits (his) over both R & D foreign policy. #standindivisible
Traitor!!! I thought you were better than this! You've shown who you are now. We in AZ won't forget!
no words...EXCEPT enjoy your time in power as you will NOT be reelected by the good citizens of AZ.
I'm disappointed in your decision.  Tillerson's connection to bit oil is not in the best interest of the U.S., only Russia's.
wow! I hope we can get you out of the senate next election!
We are your constituents. You ignored us. You will not be reelected. Period.
And that is not an alternate fact, that is a reality
@TucsonStar @tucsonweekly @azcentral it'd be nice if our Senator cared about listening to his constituents concerns. #ignored
as your constituent I am so disappointed in your choice to push him through. Looking forward to the 2018 elections.
@sandi_childs oh right, you mean Exxon and Russia's.  this will not stand!
I just tried to call you AGAIN but was rerouted to a mailbox to leave a message, AGAIN, that was FULL, STILL.Are you avoiding us?
I am not interested in having a man with close ties to Russia be voted in.I'm not the only on.No more party b4 country politics

are you kidding me! Listen to the people !! #NoToRex
cmon senator Flake, you can't really mean that. Start putting country before party!
All that talk during the campaign was just that,talk.He was up 4 reelection.Bt it's always been Party b4 country
Tillerson's Russian connections, complete lack of experience & conflicts of interest=bad news for America
as a scientist who is confident in the FACT that climate change is happening, I'm not so sure! Vote no on Tillerson!
how is it possible you are blind to Tillerson priorities? Just say no.
He won't serve our country at all!  Repubs are beyond all hope if they won't stand against obvious Russification of the U.S.
FTFY @JeffFlake Pleased to help advance #RexTillerson's nomination. I'm confident he'll serve our nation (& putin) well as #SecretaryOfState
Oh Really!? All I can do is wait and see. USA aka Exxon.
AZ voters know about Tillerson's misleading remarks on Exxon lobbying. We do not share your confidence in him. Very disappointed.
I wish I was as confident as you, but I fear your vote has endangered American interests. As your constituent, I'm frustrated.
I am very disappointed in your lack of concern about the real issues around Mr. Tillerson's incomplete vetting. I am watching you
saddened by your decision! Begging you to PLEASE make a different choice when it comes to @BetsyDeVos who is insanely unqualified
Good on Rex!   Please vote no on Sessions. America should not go back to its racist past. Think LDS before changing doctrine
AZ voter, very disappointed in you.
I doubt it.
please do not support Tillerson.
wow! Thought you had much more Integrity than that. Put country before party. Don't fall in line. No one Tillerson!
OUR NATION is AMERICAN not EXXON NATION or another USSR republic! Very disappoinbted in you Senator
@sandi_childs @JeffFlake
Senator, I will remember this on Novermber 2018 when U will regret this decision.Sad U vote 4 Putin's pals, BIG OIL&0 experience
With espect, I differ, because he has not spoken unequivocally about climate change and international accords to address it.
BOO! I'm convinced that a NO vote was a better choice. But, I didn't vote for you either.
Think he might be good and I guess I'm going to have to tolerate AG, but Betsy DeVos has got to go.
$$$$$$$$$ how much?
your position on Rex Tillerson is a dissappointment to this AZ constituent. I expected better from you. Tillerson is dangerous.
I am concerned about Tillerson as well, but Flake and Rubio confirming him leads me to believe it's ok
As a #Maricopa resident of 27 years, I am so happy that #RexTillerson was approved to work for us.  Did not know him; listened...
..2.. Listened to 6hrs of hearings and my first reaction "We have found the next President of USA.  So impressed with his Logic.
you can have Tillerson if you block Tom Price( liar,inside trader) as HHS sec and DeVoss( unfit,unqualified,dumb as Education sec
notice the massive protests Saturday? That energy will be behind us for #election2018 #wmw #twwnaz #tww #democracy
#twwnaz has noted you put party before country & will respond accordingly. #election2018
Took a screen shot of this tweet; will assist in getting you out of office. Proof of your poor judgment call. TIA.
I'm very disappointed in this choice by you to disregard a plethora of conflicts with this nomination
Have to wonder how many of your constituents told you we didn't approve.  Please remember you work for us.
OUR nation or Russia???
Why???
disappointing choice. His priorities are oil profits at any cost, including appeasement of Russian interference in US affairs
I hope you will be equally pleased being a one-term Senator. Your constituents are watching.
I am a Phoenix resident who is very disappointed. Will remember this when and if you run again in 2018.
If he doesn't serve us well it is on you.
war with China?  no thank you
not happy about this but honestly I am not surprised. Arizona voters will not forget this.
Wrong on this! You are siding with Russian collusion, oil greed and destruction of earth! You are a sell out! We'll remember!
do you not worry about your children's future? Do you not care about America? Remember 2018 you'll be out of a job
Let me ask you @JeffFlake who do you work for? Do you not lose sleep at night knowing that you are ruining our country just for your party?
thank you senator. Great job. Don in Prescott
are you going to allow him to sell all of Arizona's mineral rights to the highest foreign bidder? Bad call Senator.
he is not a diplomat he will sink our foreign relations. Why not Jon Huntsman he is better qualified
I live on the East Coast, but I am going to help campaign against you.
I hope you don't regret your decision since Donald Trump proves he's not beneficial to you, me, or America.
Tillerson presents collusion with Russia to the benefits of oil interest/destruction of earth. Say NO to him & obscene greed!!
This cowardly, crony move is why you're gonna be out of office in 2018. #Tillerson
You lost my vote Senator. Barry would be ashamed of you.
I too was sceptical of #RexTillerson After listening to his testimony and examining the facts, I understand/appreciate your vote
An oil industry henchman should not be secretary of state. Don't condone the authoritarian plutocracy taking shape.
Too bad.  See you at the ballot box, as they say.
As another AZ voter: vote NO!
I'm confident he will serve Russia and advance Putin and big oil. Way to sell out!
Although it's hard to admit, Rex Tillerson may be our best bet for #SecretaryOfState because who knows who Trump would pick next.
you should be ashamed of yourself.  Don't know why I'm surprised. #sellout. The @GOP is a joke. A tragic joke.
I wish the Jeff flake who saw through Teump was still around. Im so disappointed
Hi Jeff - Putin is a ruthless dictator and this guy is in his pocket.  Money talks over dictators now?
this is shameful and unacceptable
No! Please change your vote! No! Listen to the voices of the people! No!
I am an Arizona voter and I strongly oppose this nomination because of Tillerson's known business conflicts.
Another disappointed constituent here...
This man is being put in this position for business reasons. But, the world needs other attention.
You all are dangerous.
How much did they pay YOU to sell your soul?
@sandi_childs @JeffFlake He is working hard to keep his record
I trust you are confident #Trump won't lift sanctions on #Russia? We need to increase sanctions if anything
I don't believe for a second your confident or comfortable with Tillerson. The question is why Rs are being so passive
wrong. I'm a dem who appréciâtes JF....but DJT as president...no nomination can make it right
Exxon & Russia thank you
He will not look after US interests, only oil and Russia. Bad choice. Will remember at election time.
I watched you vote in the committee meeting and, as your constituent, I am VERY disappointed. 2018 can't come soon enough.
He will not. He will advance his own oil interests and anti-climate change agenda. Do not confirm, please
Do not confirm his nomination. His interests are not going to #MAGA. Only Big Oil will benefit.
I'm very disappointed in you
this is unsettling. I'm ashamed of how the once great Republican Party is letting these highly unqualified people run our country
Your constituency does not share your misplaced optimism.
I can not tell you how disappointed I am in you. Rex Tillerson is a Putin FRIEND which makes him a Russian friend. PUTIN IS A
MURDERER AND YOU VOTED FOR HIS BFF ANYWAY?  IS A TERRORIST TO HIS PPL AND YOU VOTED FOR HIS BFF ANYWAY? TILLERSON = PUTIN!
How much did you get from the oil lobby for your vote?
no he won't. Do NOT vote to confirm please. Too many conflicts of interest!!!!!!!
