112 Supreme @USSupremeCourt justices in the history of our country, and only this one couldn't get past a 60 vote cloture margin.
Congratulations on further politicizing the highest court in the land, our last defense against toxic partisanship.
confirmed, you need to get your head examined.
They've gotten Supreme Court nominees through before without having to.
We haven't forgotten your FCC bill to sell us out
I am not a Rep but I thought you would be fair and had the interests of ALL Americans. Obviously not! #disgusted
You are So Gone! Can't wait to see you fall!
Can't wait to vote against you in 2018- you aren't listening to your constituents!
Read enough of your bullshit on SCOTUS nominees. You are a hypocrite & I loathe your mormon personae & your arrogance. #flakeyouflake  
no one cares senator-you will be voted out in 2018. you have zero principals or morals
Merrick Garland was a well-qualified nominee. Your party blocked him.
vote flake out 2018 he is a flake serving AZ
You have changed the Senate forever. The GOP is a disgrace to America and the effect will be felt for decades
History will not be kind. Only thing worse than an unprincipled hack is a sanctimonious unprincipled hack. Enjoy your one term.  2018  86005
85262
85704
#Flakeout2018  can't wait
Whatever. We have an ARMY resisters who will work to make sure you will NOT be reelected. Enjoy your time in Washington. Prepare for defeat.
You know what's worse than filibustering? Not giving a hearing for a nominee - a constituent working hard to flip our district.
I cant wait until we vote you out of office!!!
You suck and will soon be unemployed.
Not a feather in your cap. Working together with the Dems would be  something to boast about. 2018 just sayin.
Constituant here. What about Judge Garland? Where is your statement on that? 2018 can't come soon enough. Bye-bye.
How hypocritical to block Obama's Supreme Court choice and for the GOP to railroad a candidate.  That will not be forgotten.
You're just a Trumpian stooge, Mr Flake.
Tick tock. Mid-term elections are getting closer. We need senators that represent us and are not just party stooges.
You've already sold out flake see you in 2018
Almost no words for you right now Flake. I just want you out of public office.
Enjoy your one term.
I'll make my statement at the ballot box next election to remove you from office. You have sold out the Republic for the sake of your party
HYPOCRIT
So glad this will backfire on your party in 2019. Of course you won't be there to see it. #VoteThemOut
Organize now to unseat flake
What about M Garland for a year? Was that the RIGHT thing to do NO NO you and your GOPers should be ashamed. SAD
You're a hypocrite.  What about Obama's appointment?  Do you think voters don't know what you're up to?  #sellout
Garland was well-qualified too. Hypocrisy!
Hey Flake, this is our chosen process. You know laws and stuff.
Enjoy. I will not be voting for you in 2018. 85051
2018, Flake.
Merrick Garland
Denocracy died today-but now it won't matter as trump will get us attacked
Will be the first in my neighborhood to post an election sign for your opposition. Enjoy your first & only term, you sell out. 85254
I feel like my yard is going to be full of signs in 2018  for various candidates.
Including Doug Ducey, destroyer of public education in AZ.
Party before Country. Sad, very sad. 2018 will be the end of the GOP.
Merrick Garland. Remember him? I do and will remember when I help vote you out of office in 2018. What a waste of oxygen you are. Pitiful.
Bad move, it'll come back to haunt Republicans like simple majority for cabinet picks has haunted democrats. You're out in 2018
How about the "not-even-giving-a -nominee-a-hearing". Flashback Flake.
Hypocrite! #MerrickGarland
serious question: which corporation promised you $$$ for this and how much?  #fraud #nointegrity
#noFlake2018
Looking forward to your defeat in 2018. And since you think it's ok to sell mine, your browser history.
You screwed up royally when you & cronies wouldn't even have hearings for Garland! No pick for trump till investigation over
gorsuch plagerizes. Lazy. He will be a poor jurist. Don't vote for him
can't wait Vote you OUT!!!!
Where was your statement in favor of hearing for Garland?
Another sad day for America.
We will remember your vote today and vote you out next year. You don't represent Arizona.
Republicans filibustered many Obama judges. Gorsuch will vote against women's rights. I join the efforts to defeat JEFF FLAKE in 2018.
Goodbye Jeff
"Well qualified" is subjective. I read and hear you, but only see partisan Bot with no ears! Regret will follow GOP rule change.
you can't have it both ways, Senator. Where was Garland's hearing? Oh wait...you and the rest of the Sen. GOP REFUSED to meet him
You made the Senate worse today. You destroyed bipartisanship & moderate judges. You will regret it when the pendulum swings back. Awful!
Intend to work towards defeating republicans' reelections!! Gorsuch will be around longer than you! Republicans will be history.
Sell out!
Senator, had u at least met with O's candidate I wouldn't b upset but u, republicans, didn't e en hi e him a chance. Not open minded!!! Sad!
The judicial record of Gorsuch makes him unqualified for SCOTUS position not politics.
Thanks
Can't wait to vote you out
Your statement is not true. By stalling the nomination process of Merrick Garland, you effectively filibustered his nomination.
Exactly!
No morals? I'm not democrat, but even I know Gorsuch wasn't a good choice. Yet another action proving you don't care about this country
You know who else was a "highly qualified nominee"? MERRICK GARLAND!! And you wouldn't even give him a HEARING. So you can just take a seat.
Well-qualified?? Is that a joke? Gorsuch is a plagiarizer who evaded every meaningful question asked of him.
He is beholden to special interest groups and corporations. In other words, right up your alley, senator. #SmashAndGrab
You could still vote No tomorrow.
Think about it.
#StopGorsuch 
Unrepentant monster. No one will forget this. I find it hard to believe that anyone, including your racist kids, could love you.
What's worse, this guy for voting with his party or the dems in our state being too lazy to vote?
Garland?
freaking hypocrite! Shame on you all!!!
Wait - you mean well-qualified like Merrick Garland? You'll never get out from under the black cloud of  #TrumpRussia
Gorsuch is a monster - shame on you.
Merrick Garland was a well qualified nominee. Did you have a statement on him?
How do you know Flake? He did not answer the questions! What I want to know is how many constituents were for what you vote was and those no
What about giving no hearing to a well-qualified nominee from a president who won two elections bigly? Hypocrite! #MerrickGarland #SCOTUS
Congratulations on furthering the interests of Corporate America over the rights of ALL Americans. #GOPDestroysAmerica #VoteOutGOP #Resist
Your constituents disagree with your decision. We will be proud to welcome you back for Easter recess
no one in arizona likes you.
Where's your statement about not having a hearing for the rightful Supreme Court Justice? You realize how short sited this decision is?
Well, I am looking forward to you getting your ass handed to you in 2018. You have broken the Senate and it is going to  haunt the @GOP
You have thrown away the intent of the filibuster to serve your own desires. You suck #countrybeforeparty
LIAR your self serving vote was sold to Wall St and corporations. Brush up your resume. You're outta here in 2018.
VOTE NO!
"Well qualified" who writes your jokes?
Making up your own rules like children. Merrick was just as qualified! I don't like you, you are not representing my interests, only yours
Hope you have enjoyed your time in the senate...After selling our pvt. Info and today's vote you will be out in 2018!
Where is your statement on how well qualified #SupremeCourt nominees should get a hearing???  You do NOT represent me!  Despicable!
Merrick Gardner was well qualified too! You stole his chance and undermined our constitutional rights! AZ remembers!
Merrick Garland
Shame on you!
Your statement didn't explain you and your party's conduct toward President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland. You are despicable.
Our country lost today with your poor judgement. Nov 2018 you loose.
Great, now bring on 2020. You guys put the last nails in the coffins of not only your political careers, but any hope of working together.
Just 230 years of precedent out the window no big deal. Refusing to grant a sitting President's nominee also not a problem.
No credibility with what y'all pulled on Obama nominee Garland. You are not a statesman. Just another GOP boy
There is no institution today's Democratic Party won't politicize. This is, unfortunately, a necessary step to try to save the judiciary.
Working hard in Phoenix east valley to have you replaced. Fraud. Making up your own laws. #gop #flakeout2018
You have proven you'll choose party over democracy. Sad.
Gorsuch is a right wing activist.  We need someone who respects the Constitution.
Involved with several political groups and will be donating to your opponent Democrat or Repulivillain #flakeout2018
History will judge you and won't be kind.
This is a sad day. Fully expect you to go after legislative filibuster next.
you will be held accountable for this in 2018!  Get your resume polished up!! #DefeatFlake
#NoNuclearOptionVote or WE GO NUCLEAR! #VoteNoGorsuch He doesn't stand up for workers or for children! SIDING W/ #WorstRatedPresInUSHistory
You did NOT represent me or my vote when you circumvented the constitution... and you did it with pride.. you shamed me
Only super majority required by Constitution is for presidential veto override.
You consistently put party over country. Be a real Statesman for a change. Work across the aisle. We voters are watching!! 2018?
Oh cool so you are going to give Garland a hearing? No? Oh. FYI current Pres is under investigation.
Undercutting Senate rules for short term gain while creating a long term disaster is not for good if the country as a priority. Shame on you
Why do you hate us? When it comes to women's rights he is the furthest thing from qualified.
Zero sum games ought to be a indication of failure. (Or naiveté.)  Polarization will only further alienate those who see only desperation.
your constituents are watching. don't get too comfortable - midterms are fast approaching.
Just stop.
Shame on you for your cowardly voting record. You are gone come vote 2018. #EnoughIsEnough
He was hardly a mainstream candidate. Record shows that. Changing the rules is a disgrace. Worse than the lack of vote for Garland.
After 8 years of the gop repeatedly blocking quality individuals & not even looking at Garland, this is ridiculously hypocritical. Shame.
Should have heard #Garland
Merrick Garland, yo
Merrick Garland was also well qualified, do you have a statement on that? I suspect no. #rememberthisin2018
#shameful
85262
I'm so disappointed. I thought you were one of the good ones.
"I'm an asshole."

There, I just saved everyone a click.
Nobody cares anymore about your statements Jeff. You sold us out more than anyone. AZ will work hard to replace you in 2018.
You are ignoring your AZ constituents. Get a new nominee. Don't change rules! #NoGorsuch
Better start working on your resume. This will be your last term in office.
Your constituents made themselves clear.
Seat is Garland's.Gorsuch isn't mainstream.Admin is under FBI invest. for collusion w/ Russia. You asked about ducks/horses. Shame on you.
The gross hypocrisy of your statement is stunning given your refusal to allow a hearing for #MerrickGarland. #countrybeforeparty

I'm disappointed @JeffFlake. I look to you & @SenJohnMcCain for rational thinking but voting with the block just pushes partisanship.
@SenJohnMcCain I truly feel this vote is the death of the moderate voter. Is this idea is so "stupid" why kill the filabuster?
While your positioning on the well qualified Garland appointment was almost admirable - since it was simply a political position 1/
I don't understand any individual R or D stands behind the well qualified smokescreen. Because it is simply that while further 2/
Choking what makes us unique as Americans. That we have to remember our common commitment so that our unique experiment may continue.
You hypocrite.Garland was well qualified. Ur gone in 2018. U come back to AZ not to meet w/ ur constituents but to fundraise w/ Bush. Shame!
2018 can't come quick enough.
Just proving that you are part of the "presidents" team making it easier for his regime to rule.
Even this independent geezer is with you and nearly every reply in this thread. I don't understand @JeffFlake. Doesn't represent AZ Majority
You're party lost the popular, might rethink bulldozing just becuz you can.
1. "Party" not on the ballot
2. Electoral College is vehicle to select POTUS not pop vote
3. Legislative & Executive are separate
4. "Your"
Gosh, thanks for your obtuse civics lesson as well as language arts correction.  My day is now complete!
You're most welcome.
So willingness to compromise is now officially dead.
what the non-vote on well qualified SCOTUS candidates for an entire year?
You changed the rules because you didn't like the probable outcome. After Garland, I don't want to hear a GOP mention 'fair'
Your constituents are not blind to your hypocrisy&crazy agenda. If you respected the senate you would have given Garland a hearing.
You have helped destroy the Senate and, eventually our system of government. Shame on you.
Judge Garland is an accomplished, mainstream jurist who would have justifiably received near unanimous support just a few years ago #shame
Putin sure did you guys a favor. Hope ur proud
I am willing to work hard to see you replaced. You are complicit with Trump, voted against our kids education, now ruined SC.
Merrick Garland was well-qualified too.  Your hyocrisy is beyond belief.  #ShakeFlake
