Graham-Cassidy increases uninsured rate and costs for Arizona. It does the exact opposite of what you say.
Middle class and employers premiums and Co payments will decrease, So we can Actually use our insurance, the ACA, increased deducts and CoPy
There is absolutely zero evidence that what you are saying is true.
So you would prefer for millions to be without insurance altogether? If pre-existing conditions isn't kept I will die. Fix ACA
LIAR. Under new bill, more forced off Medicaid as affordable care. Higher rates, less coverage, no clause for pre-existing conditions.
Limits placed on annual benefits and lifetime limits out into place for pre-existing. No more tax credits no mandates for indiv. or employer
No further e,pensions for Medicaid and no subsidies...shall I go on???? You owe your constituents protection from this bill. VOTE NO!!!
How do you count...where is the research to justify. Are these the ones that can't afford cobra or obamacare
200,000 ???   32 million won't have insurance
Just admit the fact you are struggling in the polls, so backing Trumps agenda might save you.
Instead of #RepealAndReplace how about #RenovateAndRevise
#VoteNoOnGrahamCassidy, #VoteYesOnMedicareForAll
So you're voting for a bill that guts funding for the poorest Americans? This is no solution.
Middle class can't Afford to use the insurance they have, and paying Big $Bucks for, just so All the one Class gets good care and They NOT
Is this 200,000 number too low for you? Ppl who didn't have it b4 now have it. You could try to improve the law & the Az exchange.
Forget the replace and #RepealObamacare GOP liars in DC never intended to #Repeal Ronald Reagan was right about socialized medicine ..
Don't stand with these people who what the insurance companies to be subsidies. I found out first hand just how badly Obamacare sucks.
I call BS the people they're talking about... are the "ILLEGAL's" they're talking  about  I'm  DONE PAYING 3,005 a month how about you?
Your constituents (whom you represent) are overwhelmingly against you doing this. 
You represent them... They're against it... Do this math.
We will, however, give up on you.
Weak argument when the alternative plan would rip healthcare from millions. AZ Medicaid expansion is critical...We need you to say "No" !
If you vote Yes on repeal/replace you will be voted out. Just saying...
TWO PATHETIC LIBERALS...ONE WILL SOON BE VOTED OUT OF OFFICE
But your plan is to take it away from millions more. The only thing that accomplishes is giving tax cuts to the rich. Awful.
Liar
Please. If that was important to you you'd advocate for single payer. Increasing corporate profits and the military budget is your history
You are doing nothing for us Arizonans who buy insurance on the open market!
You've had SEVEN years
You are going to have to live with it if you vote yes. Your family will know. This is your chance to lead. Reach for it.
This is a real solid performance. Salute to you. Hope Colbert has learnt something from you.
#GrahamCassidy is NOT the solution. Why not work on a bipartisan, real solution that will not cut millions of $$ from Arizona healthcare?
Your heart is in the right place, but your head is another matter...
I'm an AZ voter- we do not know that this bill will help our state, there was no regular process or hearings.
And you think what they are offering is great..stand up look down..grow some _ _ _ _ s and do what is right for AZ.
How is it that no medical professionals support Graham-Cassidy? Please stop, we can do better than this. Vote NO.
Why not fix the #ACA or else make sure that Congress gets the same healthcare plan that you're trying to give your Employer!
It seems like you’re talking out of both sides of your mouth here, Senator.
I'm fine with replace, but replace it with something better. Not worse.
Well gosh! They only had 7 years to come up with something better. Give them a break! It's hard pleasing all those lobbyists too, you know
Right you are
You voted for every shitty repeal deal, so your credibility is zero. Maybe McCain can donate a testicle.
It will be a lot more if trumpcare passes
With respect, Senator, then why not do this through the regular order with experts, hearings and a CBO score? GCHJ makes problem much worse.
Just like the Democrats Didn't,  Double standard, and the COB, analysis on the ACA.  Was WRONG
The ACA had hearings, experts, Republican amendments and a CBO score.  https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=3&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=0ahUKEwjoybj7srfWAhVC5YMKHWDGAvUQFgg0MAI&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.nytimes.com%2F2017%2F03%2F07%2Fus%2Fpolitics%2Fobamacare-repeal-of-health-law-republicans.html%3Fmcubz%3D3&usg=AFQjCNGOhnmarpHuhohjITeuGC4yD5BGvQ …
Also, the GOP showed its hand by punishing members who cooperated with Obama. They were opposed to supporting anything pushed by Obama.
Politics, now it's the Dems, chance....They have More to lose.
You lie!!  9 years aka 241 YEARS, to fix insurance for Americans. You lie.
Please vote NO is you REALLY care about Arizonians' health!!!
It will be worse if you approve Cassidy/Graham!!!!
coward!
Why repeal and replace?  Why not add to and improve upon?  "You guys" won't be happy until only "you" are insured.  Shameful & embarrassing.
Fix the ACA, don't repeal.
@Oma8612   I used to have insurance I lost my insurance, I pay my doctor directly for care.   Repeal!!!!
We pd 1400 month with 2500 deductible We were retired Horrible
You and McCain are going against Arizona voters.  Step aside!
But Johnny boy has the best
Shut the Flake up
So what's your idea big boy? Can't be Graham-Cassidy. Everyone knows that will kill people.
You just dont get it.
Your argument that states would do healthcare better is undermined by your own criticisms and examples of NY, PA and AZ.
Disgusting
Mr Flake, you represent the people of this country, very disappointing that you support a plan that has such negative impacts on too many.
The replacement is just god awful and you know it. Are you a man or a GOP party hack?
Your constituents see your dishonesty.
You don't have to choose between Graham-Cassidy bill and Sanders bill.  Just consider the damage G-C would do, compared to ACA.  Lease sin#
Senator Flake, you have awakened the giant! Reading through the responses here...wow..better think again.
But we do have health insurance now, and we won't if you vote yes. Don't we matter?
So  doctors, nurses, medical ass's, insurers, AARP and the majority of Ams. are wrong Jeff?  To say you are disingenuous, is pure flattery.
I don't see yr hgh moral principles in evidence. 32 M people R estimated to lose their insurance If Graham–Cassidy passes.  Join McCain!
Follow the example of @SenJohnMcCain!!!
Then work to come up with an appropriate replacement instead of leaving many more out of health insurance through repeal alone.
It is just the wrong approach.  Good things take a lot of work.  Regular order!
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill  This is not the way to do it! Follow @SenJohnMcCain 's lead and do it right! Im an Arizonan watching u! #2018
So many more would lose it with this new plan
You don't have a real ounce of care in your body. McCain is the real hero in AZ. Please say NO to this non health care G-C bill.  @twwnaz
Please, vote no.
kicking 32 million off their health insurance is the answer?  #StopGrahamCassidy
At least we have one Senator with a spine. @SenJohnMcCain
Why can't  you work on a bi-partisan bill that would actually help people.  Please vote NO on this bad bill. #fixtheACA
Vote no on Graham/Cassidy!
YOU WANT EVERY PERSON IN AZ TO HAVE INSURANCE? THEN VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY #KILLTHEBILL #KILLGRAHAMCASSIDY OR WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT!!!
Follow Senator McCain's lead. Have constructive discussion for good healthcare laws. No matter what Congress wishes to name it. Be brave.
Annual surcharges for individuals with pre-existing conditions. Ask your Senators to oppose the Graham-Cassidy health bill:  (202) 224-3121
no to #GrahamCassidy it's only a tax break for the 1%. 16 major patient groups and many more oppose. Why no hearings, what are you hiding?
#SinglePayer for all, or give us the same lifetime healthcare you get regardless of preexisting conditions erc.
Be glad when your replaced with a true Conservative!
This bill will only make more more Arizonians unable to afford insurance. Your arguments are disengenuous at best. #replaceflake
It's fair to say ACA isn't perfect and changes are necessary - but #CassidyGrahamBill IS DEFINITELY NOT THE ANSWER!
I urge you, Senator Flake, to show you actually have a conscience and that your written words are substantive. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Completely eliminate insurance. The costs will come down, or the health care industry will not survive. If we all paid out of pocket?
Senator-If you care about Americans, fix Obamacare. Repeal and Replace has been sloppy process and would result in needless American deaths.
So you’re advocating for “misery loves company”, adding even more uninsured? “Each man for himself” doesn’t seem very charitable IMHO.
Vote No on #grahmcassidy Your Hospitals Say no as well as CMS for AZ
BREAKING: The bipartisan Medicaid Directors from all 50 states just issued this negative statement about Graham-Cassidy.…
Good job Flake. Name served you
Take an example from @SenJohnMcCain and focus on the underserved and not partisan politics. Focus on improve and refine not repeal/replace
Republicans doing exactly the same thing Dems did with Obamcare. Anyone see the insanity of their actions?
Govt run insurance will not work! Look at the VA! All Americans should buy individual policies,no tax credits to businesses, no subsidies!
You do and the death count of your constituants will rise!
They are the reason you should support a single payer system instead of Wall Street and big pharma. @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain #SinglePayer
Fight for the people that need it then.  Stop talking and act on behalf of the poor.
If you vote yes on this, you'll be out in 2018 and you won't lose to a GOP IT WILL be a DEMOCRATE. You say you voted no and wished you
hadn't. Change that mistake now and vote NO ON THIS MONSTEROUS GRAHAMCASSIDY BILL.
Why don't you just fix what is wrong with the ACA instead of just killing it. Work with the other side for a change.
Thanks for you support of Repeal and Replace.  However, I read where your friend McCain will sink it again.  He needs to retire.
Have some sort of an actual 'replace' that will not harm the most vulnerable, before you decide to 'repeal.'
#RepealAndReplace  the HMO Act of 1973
So you want #Trumpcare because 200,000 uninsured isn't enough?
Vote No!  Anything else is an abrogation of you responsibility to the people of Arizona!
wait..what? so you will vote no on this disaster? sounds like u should.
. @JeffFlake I strongly urge you to reconsider your position. So many experts disagree with your position. @jimmykimmel sees the facts > you

But looks like you do your part to keep AZ people off insurance.
And if Graham-Cassidy passes, 511,000 Arizonans won't have insurance by 2027. #AZ
That number skyrockets if this awful bill passes. This isn't healthcare it's making good on a terrible promise that will destroy lives
It's embarrassing watching this episode. Did we elect a total idiot? Doesn't mention credits for exchange plans. Doesn't mention loss of $.
You cannot really believe this is the right thing to do.  @dougducey will make sure to screw Az citizens over if rights are given to him.
Are you really going to say the new healthcare bill is going to help more Americans? Improve AHC, a Yes vote on new repeal will kill more.
No on Graham Cassidy Healy Care act
#RepealAndReplaceFlake
#GrahamCassidy is not a #RepealAndReplace. It takes tax money from hard working people in #Arizona to pay for healthcare in South Carolina

State run healthcare will be more effective. But don't take money out of my pocket for SC just bc you are friends with Sen Graham.
PS - I agree with what you are saying.  Cant afford Obamacare and pay the fine.  But don't give our hard earned tax dollars money to SC.
Please people vote this guy out of office.  He is a let down for the state of Az.
Cruelty, Incompetence and Lies
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/22/opinion/graham-cassidy-lies-healthcare.html ….
Why can't it be fixed instead of repealed?  Broader subsidy, and penalties with teeth for not having insurance.
Or fix the problems with the ACA.  Why are you afraid of a bipartisan plan that would easily get more than the 60 votes needed?  No courage.
Then don't vote for this bill that hurts rather than helps people. Is your family subjected to this bill?  I doubt it.
Your a bad man Jeff. You belong behind bars
Picture of a child that would die under the new GOP plan, If u can live with that, u are not a decent man
Do that and you have lost my VOTE!
Don't have it because it's gone from 200.00 a month to 1,000.00 a month under Obamacare And you don't give a rats along with Schumer & Mcain
You don't care about AZ. If you did you wouldn't back this bill. Save our healthcare.
Have u even read the ACA? If can't find insurance for <8% of income, u don't have to pay the fine. What u said is just wrong.
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY, OR ARIZONA WILL VOTE NO ON YOU NEXT YEAR.
Better than the 511,000 #AZ ppl you will boot off healthcare Jeff!  Plus the near $2 billion cut to Medicaid in AZ! Not #MAGA
Why has public not been able to read the bill. Let us decide
How are you going to help us Jeff Flake?make ins companies apply more than 10 percent of out pocket to unattainable astronomical deductible?
Senator Flake: The governors you want to be responsible for divvying up health care don't like this bill either. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.
Here's problem.ALL of us Arizonans pay the price for the 200k who don't have ins & may not WANT ins! My family pays MORE for LESS coverage
Arizona's premiums are so high & many don't have insurance because your state didn't expand Medicaid. So ur constituents suffer b/c of u!
Bought & paid for with Koch $ and using frank luntz talking points to deflect. Pathetic
Vote yes on GrahamCassidy. Can't afford ACA. Vote yes to defund planned parenthood. Can't handle moral issue of funding murder for money.
Repeal and replace is a slogan not a strategy. Stop fighting for it and fight for us. Improve tne ACA.
AZ will get less Fed $ with this bill. Plus AZ will need to set up departments to deal with it.  Who pays ? All with no consumer protection
I think this upcoming bill is the wrong answer, though.
You're a FAILURE to your constituents and the American people.
Then why do republicans keep voting for bills that will result in even more people with higher insurance costs or no insurance at all?
Why don't you fix the situation by making what is working even better instead of throwing everything under the bus?
Vote no on GrahamCassidy
Graham-Cassidy will make it worse. Unconscionable! And the people oppose it.
How do you look in the mirror at night Senator? I actually bought and read your book believing you were a man of integrity. So disappointed.
You are for Single payor! Great, who knew...a repug with a conscience! Thanks
Um, hello, but tens of millions will lose coverage under the G-C bill.  ¿Opposite Day?
Jeff...You are gaslighting your constituents if you are telling them that Graham-Cassidy will be better than Obamacare.
Maybe the @senategop shouldn't have sabotaged CSRs and risk corridors. Now more sabotage from Trump admin.
Repeal and replace with a bill that makes more people uninsured and increases premiums? Come on...
The ACA can be improved, but not the way Senate Rs are doing it right now. Please find a bipartisan, incremental fix, not Graham-Cassidy.
Graham/Cassidy isn't the answer.  Medicaid directors, all responsible health orgs oppose.  Why are you so adamant that this is way to go?
You must be really, really worried about a primary challenge...
Lying sack of 
@JeffFlake you're choosing sick politics over healthy constituents. But, hey, why change now?
This is partisan rather than good politics.  Say no to #ACARepeal. Fix ACA to make it better. Don't mess with 1/6 of US economy.
With something better not worse!! Medicare for all is much better
Pass the same bill that Obama vetoed.
PRETTY BOY   NO HEART IS FLASH
Your name suits you...flake-liar...
How about FIX what we have that actually protects people with severe illness. Your lame excuses dont wash. U and GOP are pandering to base.
Take a lesson from your senior senator. Dont do stuff to get elected do it because its right and helps all Americans.
Study with Lamar Alexander and an ACA stabilization
that's why i won't vote for you. ..EVER!!!!
Almost 30% in AZ already on Medicaid. Another 30% on Medicare or VA
#1 Employer in AZ is Walmart... Go Figure 
By most estimates 400,000 ppl in AZ will lose health insurance with Graham Cassidy and AZ will lose 11 billion in Medicaid funding
Why r u on late night talk shows? Dr. Kelli Ward just wants to be a great Senator for AZ not a tv star. @kelliwardaz for US Senate!
Sir, you are making great strides, I implore you cast a no vote on the latest health care plan.
Then work to fix it not destroy it.
Your own governor is against this bill.
If you repeal and minimally replace as proposed, those # will rise.  I will become part of your statistic.
Will those 200,000 going to be better served by ANY of the Republican proposed plans?   The answer is NO
No, do not do this. I am your constituent & this will drastically effect my ability to work as a disabled person employed/underinsured.
I can't believe you would go on this fools show
Btw u didn't win that argument
You don’t really believe that or you live up to being a FLAKE
You should say "replace and improve"  not "repeal and replace w worse plan"
But you will vote for the bad bill @JeffFlake ?  Millions wil loose coverage in the Medicaid expansion states #NOGrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
http://tucson.com/news/local/arizona-stands-to-lose-billion-under-graham-cassidy-budget-analysts/article_60776a03-be31-507b-9256-900415e15e29.amp.html …
Oh yeah, I forgot, republicans have hated Medicare since its inception in 1965.
The President wants a healthcare bill that has affordable premiums, better coverage, doesn't punish the old & the sick. It's called Medicare
Good job @JeffFlake ,signed, Arizona resident.  AZ has one of most efficient Medicaid deliveries around. But not working for in gap!!!
Family deductible we had in Mesa pre-ACA made ACA highest deductible look like peanuts. Don't regress. #AZ #noGrahamCassidy
Spend time w/#socialworkers, @JeffFlake You've no clue what it's like to be poor, sick & uninsured. The folks we serve = your constituents.
Bullshit Jeff your just afraid of the dotard
Don't Repeal! You will not get reelected! ACA is GOOD!! Fix! Don't replace! How can you sleep at nite? TRUMPCARE IS AN AWFUL PLAN!!!!
Then work with Dems and IMPROVE the ACA! Do not put people in harm’s way with #GrahamCassidy! This is a bad bill!
Please vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill.
Stephen ate you for lunch.
No CBO score should mean no vote !
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill Not good for AZ. nobody likes, Just voting on bad bill. Not a good replacement.
You have no #Replace ment for ACA
What a steamy pile of shite
#RepealAndReplace Az will lose 1.8 billion dollars out of gate, with cuts. 2026 11 billion dollars. Is this good for AZ
Amazing the majority of Trump voter voted to repeal Obamacare, which is the same Healthcare they can't afford to lose. Can you say ignorant?
Didn't Gov Jan Brewer torpedo state control of healthcare already? You can thank her for the mess of which you speak.
I appreciate your comments but as a health care worker the most needy and underserved  will be hurt be the passage of this bill.
Stop talking about what's not working, talk about what will work!Do you have a plan that protects everyone? NO YOU DO NOT! #Smokescreen
You are completely ignoring your constituents. Your rhetoric is empty. No true conservative supports w/o CBO score.
Go back on Colbert's show and admit it's about donor $$$ and you couldn't care less about actual people.
The Medicaid directors of 50 states are against Graham/Cassidy. That includes Arizona in case you aren't aware.
In case U werent told-U didnt do well on Colbert-not telegenic-practic sound bytes & walk & wear mor flatter clothes-hire PR person-U need
