Recreational shooters should stick to indoor ranges where the cleanup is done for them. Public lands are trashed by recreationist shooters.
FLAKE IS A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR AND A PROVEN LIBERAL!
Allowing recr shooters in public lands is unsafe!! My husband & others were almost shot hiking where rec shooting wasn't even allowed.
I would like to enjoy public lands without worrying whether something is going to happen to me, my family, & others. This is pure idiocy.
How much did NRA give your campaign?   Koch brothers not donating until you kill ACA.  Time for you to go.
What on earth are you thinking.
Your tweets today seem desperately in search of an extreme right vote. You lost mine.
You are a spineless creature devoid of morals.  I have a shiny priceless conscience for you.
Can't wait to not visit AZ's public lands anymore for fear of catching a bullet. Thanks. You're really looking out for the little guy.
Recreational shooters?  There's a huge void between doing what one has to vs what one wants to.  Catering to arrested development children?

@JeffFlake how bout you start putting your constituents first instead of putting your vote up for sale? Sad.
Give "Recreational Shooters access to Public Lands"?! NO! Try getting away from the noise of the city & a random Twit is popping pine cones!
what's it like to be shot at while hiking or camping
Another bad decision.  Can't we have a few reserves where hikers and naturalists can go for quiet and not fear getting shot? NRA giving $$$?
As a hiker, I am against this! @RepDavid how about you?  Hikers and horse riders should not have to be worried about being shot.
Recreational shooters do not belong on public lands period. Going to ban hikers, bikers, kids & wildlife? Or will they make handy targets?
Wow you guys are really all about killing. People or animals. It doesn't matter, right?
I have supported you, but your resent tweet to support shooters access to AZ public lands is irresponsible. Do you represent us or the NRA?
Your name says it all.
Your idea of wining is twisted @JeffFlake. I moved back to AZ to enjoy the outdoors, now I'm just going to feel less safe.
What would they recreationally shoot at?I've seen shooting ranges in public accesses, they re ugly with broken glass, shells, and even tvs.
Just renewed my annual recreational permit from @AZStateLand I checked my primary purpose was hiking - did not see any choices for shooting

WTF is this even close to an important issue?  "recreational shooters" JFC.
Pass 50 State Reciprocity for Concil Carry
Dont trust this scumbag politician
Are you going to clean up all the spent shells????? The litter is atrocious!! The animals & birds eat the lead! You're so uninformed !!!
Nothing says #Merica like more stray bullets to kill and injure innocent people #maga #2NDAMENDMENT
Billy-bob belt buckle & the beer bellies like tracer bullets & hollow points. That initiated Doce fire at Granite mountain. Prosecutions? 0!
Good thing you are focusing on the important stuff Jeffy. Kill healthcare, Amnesty for illegals and 700 bill for the military. Please quit
This is sad
How about HC? Shouldn't you be voting to protect ALL ppl, not just the lobbyists?
Nothing like camping in a combat zone. They leave a mess and start fires. You suck Jeff
Love how you market yourself as the "thoughtful" Republican. What a joke!
Are you completely bought and paid for by special interest groups? You're almost out of office, so why not grow a spine and do what's right.
This puts all others in danger. Shooters should use approved ranges.
U R kidding us with this right Jeff? U care 2 much abt the wrong things. Rec shooting has ur attention while Arizonans will loose hcare. 
Hopefully they won't cause any forest fires like that Border Patrol agent did. How will you make sure people and forests stay safe?
This is a mistake, not all of us want guns everywhere.
I'm sure the NRA paid you for that vote and will  be donating more money to your next campaign. Shameful.
.@JeffFlake what about the Arizonans who'll be thrown off insurance, those subject to no essential benefit coverage & lifetime caps? #FixACA
I just do not understand your thinking this makes me feel unsafe.
Big loss for Americans if you and GOP get their way with #GrahamCassidy. It is dangerous and irresponsible.
DO YOUR JOB FLAKE.  no one cares.
National monuments should be destroyed.  You will pander to anything.  You maybe mormon but i  question if u have a soul
Yeah, most leave shells and casings laying around. Others shoot trees and cactus. Are you nuts? And I am a multiple firearm owner.
This creates more possibilities for forest fires.
The first thing that comes to your mind is shooting something?
Drop out! Sad!
Well, now, ain't that grand . . . Just what we need--more guns shooting.  What could go wrong?
STOP IT! STOP BEING A JERK! We're your constituents, without us you couldn't collect all that lobbyist cash, remember? Another DC/AZ liar.
What wonderful use of our public land.  Nature thanks you. You are now an official failure. So sick of NRA 
Oh good, more guns and bullets on public access areas.
I would like to keep nuts with guns out of our national monuments. Have you lost your mind? Asking as a Tempe resident.
It would be a big win if you would vote to save my health care.
He has no soul and a medical plan paid by u and i.  He is committed to destroying aca
I support you, Senator, but strongly oppose this 
You should resign.
Remember when you wanted to mine the Grand Canyon watershed for uranium? Good times! Your desire to destroy natural resources is sick.

Great, more exploding targets and wildfires and all their target garbage left behind.
Do you read the replies to your tweets? Do you understand they are coming from your constituents?
#2018
#Healthcare 
@SenJohnMcCain
Will gunshot wounds be a pre-existing condition, too?
let's skip some steps and just convert the Grand Canyon into a fight pit. schedule some sword nights so the gun violence doesn't get old.
How about you protect us from this new "healthcare" plan.
BS.... Silly.
Seriously?  You were the victim of gun violence and you think "shooting: should be recreational" on PUBLIC LANDS, where people camp?
Your 15 minutes of credibility expired. Don't mess with public lands. This land is ours not yours.
I took my kids sledding up on 4 peaks a few years ago when we had rare low elevation snow.  The ground was covered in shotgun shells. Sad.
Liar
Thousands of AZ ppl are at risk of losing their health ins and u're more worried abt letting pple shoot guns on public land? PRIORITIES!
That's cool but have you seen this?
"Recreational shooters"? Why not shoot at designated recreational shooting ranges. Or does it mean something completely different?
I don't know, after "loosing millions in Medicaid grants is a win!" everything and nothing sounds insane.
Guns are dangerous.  We need more gun control.  30,000 Americans die yearly from gun violence.
Just a backdoor for corporations to come in to exploit and pollute.
Do not vote yes to the atrocious Senate Graham-Cassidy!  Read it. No CBO.
To late he has already committed
Now that is the icing but you well, the cake is for drillers, and miners and campaign donors, Unfortunately for us, we do not have big bucks
Yeah, it's great for tourists enjoying our national parks to now have to worry about gunfire. Goodbye tourism
Where does it say parks? Do you not know there are a variety of "public lands"? Different rules in each.
.@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain @SenateGOP before #Healthcare vote, Americans 1ST, People 1ST, NOT insurers,#MegaDonors, #Pharma, companies.#ACA
Hikers are much more challenging targets. Good one.
Recreational shooters can go shoot at gun ranges. WTF.
Resign
Well, dude, I'm not thrilled about that. We need to keep some places sacred.
