YOU can serve your country by full questioning of #Tillerson #confirmationhearing #democracy #RussianInterference #representus
Repeal ACA without a replacement? Deprive 30M Americans of insurance because you can’t agree on something better? CRIMINAL.
in light of the allegations of contact between Trump's campaign and Russian officials, you must push for full vetting b4 confirm
Why did you have to qualify it? Couldn't offer an elegant, clean, compliment w/out blowing the dog whistle?
And THAT is the way you disagree.  Always appreciate your perspective and willingness to discern between policy and person
#RELEASETRUMPTAXES #TRUMPMUSTFULLYDIVEST
Flake we can't afford BHO brand of svc. With svc like that we need to be rescued. Again YOU are out of touch w/reality
I am flabbergasted that you would "appreciate" the havoc that man has brought to this country.
May we add his seriousness and personal dignity.
Uh huh. @kelliwardaz
And Americans appreciate your principled stand on very important issues.
thank you! As many are saying country before party. I am terrified.

Flake is a fitting last name, what's your middle name, Kiss Ass?
Very classy, sir.
you would! Inn your dist but u don't rep me!
nicely said
@onahunttoday @POTUS and his dignity and intelligence???
Thank you Senator. Now continue to vet Trump and his cabinet picks. Call for @realDonaldTrump to release his taxes.
It's good to see a politician who can disagree on policy and still respect integrity of political opponent
I am not familiar with spelling 'himself' c-o-u-n-t-r-y. Is that a new thing
Except the entire Middle East is in flames, Russia hates us, China has taken over the Pacific Ocean.
Sen. Flake you are a good man. We are in unsettled times and knowing that there are persons like you in DC gives me hope.
Jeff the problem is #POTUS did nothing let Christian's get heads chopped off but guess what fake news upstaged his speech
His job killing policies need to be reversed.  O-care is kiling America.
Why don't you try saying that again without your bullshit qualifier. Dare ya.
well said Senator
Nice thing to say, Senator Flake.
January 20 will be a sad day for you, eh?
Shows difference in a Repub. senator vs demo. Ours r respectful, theirs(Booker) NOT!!
Wish you were more like him.
Yeah you did not agree to anything Jeff. You are bipartisan lacky. You could care less about America. Good bye in 2018!
Don't take health ins fr 1000s of Arizonans.I work w these ppl,devastating mental health consequences #ACA @JeffFlake @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain
And his values!
Messages of civility matter, especially in this time. Thank you Senator @JeffFlake.
Thank you for demonstrating class.
smile off your face. My fave saying. White on rice. I intend to be on you just like that.
gun laws my fave. Now ur a lack of the NRA. Used to be friends with Gabby. Ur in the NRA's pocket. I intend on wiping that
tax cuts for the wealthy.  Back to the 50's take a century.
I hope you like the once viewed mountains. Smog and other toxins. More mine cave ins.
now the senate and house are set to undo the good things that he has done. I hope you like cloudy drinking water.
@Lis_Smith our next president apparently likes to get pissed on by Russian prostitutes...so there's that
@nycsouthpaw @POTUS For the Sake of Peace, Obama Must Surrender His Nobel Prize https://larouchepac.com/20170110/sake-peace-obama-must-surrender-his-nobel-prize …
Dems only have race card left, be on the right side of history. AZ is tired of Dems hypocrisy! https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/01/ted-cruz-just-took-dems-sessions-hearing-hypocrisy-and-killed-it-with-fire …
This has been the hardest 8 years 4my family under Obama! Obamas cabinet members have reeked havoc yet were confirmed
U will lose huge if u go against AZ voters who voted for change. Notice tweets asking u not to confirm candidates R NOT from AZ
These tweets seem coordinated, ie when liberal media has all same headlines. They know u are a weak link like McCain &Lindsey
But can you point to anything where his dedication and service helped to make America better? It's all been downhill for 8 years.
That was very gracious.
Dedication and service?  Are you fucking kidding me?  He damn near destroyed it.  You're as bad as McStain.
mfw you thank the biggest warmonger in US history for his dedication and service.
What? You appreciate the sole fact of service but not what he did? It's like saying you appreciate PM Mugabe for his service..
you sure are living up to your FLAKE name !!
You would
thank you Mr Flake for comments like this. An AZ democrat proud of you! Don't stop please! Country over Party!
Sen. Flake - classy act, as usual. Thanks for representing AZ!! [now about that funky LargeHSA bill... :-)]
fu losers
thanks for ur impartiality! Though as a Phoenician, I'm looking to you to check trumpsky.
Senator, I don't know much abt ur politics(will research) but I absolutely appreciate ur recognition/honesty. I'll listen
thanks for saying that. We need more folks having the guts to say it.
You are a class act.
will say it again, most eloquent speaking President ever, but my expectations over the past 8 years were not met.
@kelliwardaz sounds like Flake has more liberals following him than in his own party. He'll need them. Kelli Ward in '18
They won't help him in the Primary. AZ Republicans won't forget about traitor Flake.
@MACROPHENOMENAL @POTUS how can he say that about a Muslim ? Can we dig into this @buntastic18
urge U as Sen 2 oppose Ryan/Price plan for premium support of Medicare which is bad voucher system.58 mil seniors will fight this
You aren't so bad Jeff Flake.  Signed - An Arizona Democrat
yes country before party. Please remind some fellow republicans of that
Thank you, Senator Flake.
@KSoltisAnderson @POTUS he ran an administration entirely devoid of scandal and has beautiful family. He is a great American.
Service to the country? He tried to destroy America,change us to a socialist country and wiped his ass  with constitution
So simple, so profound, so indispensable to democracy:  we can disagree with each other without demonizing each other.
I voted Republican before the party's values changed. I  POTUS. Will miss him. Trump lacks class and is unfit to be President.
Proud of you, my Senator. Keep Trump accountable and a majority will appreciate you for it!
Now, I'd also ask you to please demand an independent investigation into DJT's ties w/Russia, & not repeal ACA w/out replacement.
@KSoltisAnderson @POTUS I hope your Senate colleagues in the Democratic Party are as respectful of Trump as you were of Obama.
As a constituent, I disagree w/you politically but appreciate your integrity & class. Both traits in rare supply lately. Thanks.
@maggieNYT @POTUS you're supporting Trump and his racist misogynistic views/policies. You should sit down and be quiet
@realDonaldTrump switch yr party to independent
Thank you senator.
@maggieNYT @POTUS If you change your Party now you may have a future in politics. Dems don't have a bench.
. Good, now be the leader Arizona needs. You have an opportunity to leave a lasting legacy.  Place country above party. Plz
@maggieNYT @POTUS  Not to mention the honesty, transparency and respect for the office.  We will sorely miss him - already do.
@maggieNYT @POTUS 
Jeff, your comment on Obama brings to mind Lili von Shtupp: "Aw, what a nice guy." 
@TedJoy71 @ChadPergram
Shame on you for not protecting Medicare! Why did you vote against the Hirono/Donnelly Amendment? #savemedicare
I'm going to assume Trump will echo these sentiments. I'm also putting $20 down on a scratch off.
support a special investigator into Trumps ties with Russia
Well said. Thank you!
thank you senator, our country needs more of this sentiment and cooperation. Also appreciate your efforts on Garland nom
@maggieNYT @POTUS
And Senator Flake gives me hope a Republican Party that is the loyal opposition
When I lived in Arizona I voted against you, but you have become the Senator that I respect. Please stand up to Trump
@maggieNYT @POTUS good show!  Good job on AG panel too
Just remember that when it's time to stand up to a tyrant who is a Republican. Party or Country
@maggieNYT Well said, Senator.
Thank you for being reasonable. This Arizona voter appreciates it.  Let's put #CountryOverParty
@jilevin @POTUS Can't say same for Putin's puddle Donald jtrump @ananavarro @realDonaldTrump
People all over the country are counting on you ethical leadership
misses double digit unemployment and negative GDP growth apparently.  And no more 9/11's under obamas watch.
@maggieNYT @POTUS Thank you Senator Flake. You are a class act.
Maybe you should have kept a more open mind about his policies.  You might have learned something about true Christlike living.
Matthew 7:1-3
This tweet is an example. Sorry. An Example. 
And the head of your party is a traitor. Congrats.
you have always been a scared puppet. Like when you went and hid rather than voting on cap and trade!
@JWGOP @POTUS Don'f forget dignity and grace. The entire family.
but you support the policies if a Russian installed dictator.
Sadly you can get primaried on the right for this
Thank you, Sen. @JeffFlake
Just listened to @POTUS final address. Haven't always agreed on policy, but I appreciate his dedication and service to the country.
Thank you for that gracious comment, and for your continuing courage and adherence to your principles.
@maggieNYT @POTUS His decency, honesty, integrity, and moral compass. I have traveled abroad & was always proud of my president.
@maggieNYT @POTUS Please don't allow Trump to destroy us!
thanks for the respect!! Props! #onenation
We appreciate you. Thank you.
Thank you for a unified message. Please look after America first and not Party.  We all need leaders
Country over party.
@gourmetspud get a load of Mr. Reasonable here...
As a Democrat, i very much appreciate this tweet and the sentiment behind it. Wish more in GOP had your class.
And he is scandal free...no, um...scatalogical problems....
Not to mention his dignity, reason, intellect and humour.
I don't always agree w/you, Sen @JeffFlake, but given your kind remark about @POTUS & your earlier tweet about @timkaine, I will follow you.
Now your human cheetoh comes into office....hah!
@maggieNYT @POTUS Sorry but Trump won't hold a candle to Obama. I'm just praying your guy doesn't kill us all.
Statements like this are so great to see.
Gee, that was faint praise, given what you're getting.
You did a nice job today at hearing.Respect your integrity.TY for your service.
Thank you Senator Flake!  We need your moderating voice in the next four years.
@maggieNYT @POTUS .....Jeff Flake. A class act.
@JWGOP @POTUS Nicely put.  We will all miss him when we experience the lazy callousness of his successor.
Youre a good man to say that
Awesome. Please don't wreck the insurance market. People's actual lives are at stake.
you are always a voice of reasoning. Thanks Sen. Jeff
Country over party -- time to investigate credible evidence that Trump is being blackmailed by Putin. This cannot be ignored.
Well said. Now how about doing your duty to protect the ~524,000 Arizonans who are at risk?
@JWGOP @POTUS Now grow a spine and investigate Trump.
@marybschneider @POTUS Class Act, Senator!
@maguirekevin @POTUS Thank you for a moment of humanity
@JWGOP @POTUS senator flake, please listen to John and start investigations against Russian infiltration and subversion of Trump
I was thinking of which R's might come to their senses and sound the alarm bells. I hope you're one of them.....
@JWGOP @POTUS Thank you. We are counting on patriots like you to play your critical, Constitutional role & be a watchdog.
Would have to say the same for you, Sir.  Just keep putting country ahead of party and you'll make me proud to be an Arizonian.
thank you senator. please ensure country over party
Thank u - u seem 2 be a man of principle- I fear 4 our country and need men and women of principle 2 guide 
us forward
thank you, Senator.
how about you show that same dedication and seriously look into PEOTUS ties with Russia?
@jrosenbaum then DO YOUR JOB and investigate DT/Russia. Put America first.
@jonward11 @POTUS and how will you show yours? By supporting trump?
I'll same the same to you sen Flake...keep doing the right thing...
sir, i wish more in your party would show the same graciousness you just did. thank you.
he has served us with class. Must appreciate!!!
@JWGOP @POTUS Thank you for saying so.
Thank you, Senator.
Time to put country before party Senator.  A broad coalition, from both parties, will have your back.
@JWGOP @POTUS For once we agree. Class move senator.
thank you senator. I don't agree with your policies but you are a decent man
if there were more republicans like you I would still be a republican
Very classy, Senator! Very classy!
I'm a Democrat. Thank you for beingclassy and please fight for all of us. Please don't kill Obamacare.
Fine but what about the unfolding of the greatest act of treason in US history - which side of history are you on?
kind words. we thank you.
When can we expect to see the same grace and dignity from the president-elect? No sign so far.
Now start your investigation of the PEEOTUS.
appreciate this statement. Please fight for country over party.
I hope you'll exhibit the same dedication and service to our nation and reject unqualified Trump's cabinet nominees
Thanks for showing we can disagree and still respect each other's love of country, Senator.
Now THAT is a response I'd expect from a leader! 
well said sir. Need more of this.
Thank you.
Thank you. Now demand an investigation into Trump's ties with Russia
I don't think you have to worry about that, they started a while ago.
Thank You Class.
Thank you Senator
thank you for your graciousness, Mr. Senator.
You are a good man Senator.. even if you are a republican
Thank you, Senator.
.@JeffFlake @POTUS Thank you, Jeff.
