Why support something EVERY org related to healthcare opposes? I really don't understand it - you haven't made the case why YOU know better.
Every org says Graham Cassidy will make things worse. Are you lying? Are you dense? Are callous to suffering? Give some insight.
As a constituent with family and friends who benefit from ACA protections, you've done nothing to convince us you have our interests in mind
If you do support it, make the case! Refute every org that says it's harmful. Do your job and make sense of this awful position you've taken
Which top org says it’s harmful and  how is it harmful? Does that top org lose money? Giving $ back to states sounds like common sense, no?
Here is a list with links to all the statements:
Some have (slightly) different rationales, but it is a pretty exhaustive list of doctors, nurses, insurers, hospitals, patient orgs and more
I noticed the ANA on statement list but the bigger National Nurses United wasn’t on the list. Is @ArizonaNurses on board w/ @JeffFlake ?
No, Jeff. It was your donors who were counting on the #Senate to get #RepealAndReplace across the finish line.
@JeffFlake you lost my family's vote. Hope you enjoyed your time in office. Arizonans are pissed. 
Your going get the backlash from McCain   Good  luck in your new career. Y'all don't understand how angry  we are
Spend the time to get healthcare RIGHT. Atleast get a freakin CBO score! Have hearings. ACA did. If it takes a year - so be it.
I was promised MORE & BETTER coverage for LESS money. grahamcassidy does NOT guarantee people with preexisting conditions does NOT do this
We need 2 of you and no McCains in AZ.
I think PR would be the people who are hurting! Shameful
You are letting Arizonans down by supporting a bill with an incomplete CBO score. I'm not proud to have a sen who chooses party over people.
EVERY day you get calls, letters, faxes & tweets from your constituents like me BEGGING you to #VoteNoGrahamCassidy

Why do you support it?
No, no we’re not. We are counting on someone to just fix the issues with the current legislation and stop wasting time.
Sir you on the wrong side of this bill.#workacrosstheaisle
@SenJohnMcCain What about CHIP?
Now that CHIP has expired, here's a chart on when states' funding runs dry.

9 million kids depend on the program. 
Flake, you keep on giving me reasons to think I was wrong that you might be a good candidate for POTUS in the future, and here's another one
We're not looking for repeal without a replacement. #GrahamCassidy is a bs excuse for what we DESERVE.
No, no, no!! This bill will devastate many of the poorest, sickest, and the disabled. Vote no and put together a good bill.
Nope... so glad this bill died the slow & ugly death it deserved! #WorkAcrossTheAisle!!! #DoYourJob Only 404 Days until we vote you out! 
Seriously @jeffflake? Put something in place that respects the poor, not just insurance cos., and you might earn credibility. #NoTrumpcare
Disgraceful.
Shame on you senator this horrible bill would have hurt millions.
Graham Cassidy is a disaster and you know it, Senator. STOP WITH THIS B.S. It's unbecoming. We know you're in the Koch Boys' pocket.
How can Repugs get around their own Holocaust H.C. plan! Tax breaks 4 rich!Let poor &sick &seniors die off!Hitler killed with gas!
No thanks. Dr Kelli Ward will fix it once she beats u.
You are on the wrong side on this one senator. As a constituent from Chandler, we are hurting from health Corp gouging. #SinglePayer now
That's B.S., Flake.  That bill was poison, & u know it.  Why do you continue to lie???
No go!!!! LOL
This will hurt more than help. I am your constituent and I urge you to vote NO
Seriously, Senator?
You should have got of the swamp earlier nice try 2 late
Too little too late @JeffFlake  The country is sending support to AZ for @kelliwardaz . You're OUTTA THERE!
Please get this done now! What's wrong with McCain, does he hate AZ?! We are paying triple what we used to pay in premiums& deductable!!
Unfortunate that you did not take this opportunity to stand up for your constituents. This AZ resident will remember in 2018.
The wealthy has your support!  Not those who actually work for a living on meager wages.
Boo Hiss What a coward pandering for your own re-election! Instead of the Health & welfare of AZ! AZ is gonna turn Blue-unless Russia helps

That is a mistake. Work with the Democrats and Republicans on fixing health care together. @SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung @SenJohnMcCain
You will be voted out of office, so no need to worry
Did you become a Senator so you could kill people? Graham Cassidy bill will kill thousands. Their dealths will be your legacy. What U want?
Please vote against this bill.
You don't have my support and I live in Arizona shame on you
Why won't you wait for hearings especially because so many medically oriented associations are against it
Cant wait for 2018 midterms,he'll Be voted out of office,Blood will be on your hands @JeffFlake U don't have the courage like @SenJohnMcCain
.@JeffFlake Why support a bad bill just to say you voted to replace ACA? Try working with democrats on a bipartisan bill like @SenJohnMcCain
This is NOT going to help anyone but the ultra rich’s tax breaks. Read.
New: Doctors, hospitals and insurers release a joint statement condemning Graham-Cassidy. "The Senate should reject it," they say. 
Why don't you debate it first
No @jeffflake, #GrahamCassidy is not the right way to help Arizonans or Americans.  There are other ways. #1 Consumer protections for ALL
Senator Flake, G-C is not a long term solution; it's not a short term solution. We MUST have a bipartisan bill or the Dems will do the same.
No senator, no!  We are hurting, but this bill is not the answer. You all need to sit down together,  D's and R's and do your job!
Shame on you. You are spineless.
This is the wrong approach. The AMA and the health insurance industry say so. Please withdraw your support. And help Puerto Rico.
Thank goodness John McCain is doing the right thing and voting NO
What HURTS AZ people is that YOU have Great Health Insurance and You want to take away theirs. @JeffFlake
BS, I live in AZ and THIS IS PERSONAL !! I was Blacklisted by the Insurance Co.

Vote NO on Any Repeal or Replacement of Obamacare! EVER !!!
It is beyond dangerously reckless to support a bill that hasn't been debated, scored or amended. America deserves better #ShameOnYou
You are so disappointing.  Apparantly you aren't the guy to bridge the partisan divide.  You know Graham-Cassady stinks but you'll pimp it.
Worried about your job and not Arizonans? GrahamCassidy is a bad bill. A weak spine is a pre-existing condition GrahamCassidy will not fix.
Senator, The Graham-Cassidy Bill is a disaster for the American people and fails the promise made by you and the President for healthcare.
It's dead as it should be, get over it
@JeffFlake is sentencing me to death
Every org that works with health care says this is a bad bill.  Your constituents are asking you to vote against it.  Why won’t you listen?
WRONG! Most people want the healthcare system FIXED & everyone to have access to affordable medical care, not blind repeal & replace.
Flake is a Flake, repeal and replace Flake!
Arizonans don't want GrahamCassidy.  Please vote against it
You are going to kill them. They are hurting because they want access to affordable health care. That is not what this bill does. Disgusting
@JeffFlake  Prove it. Show us how this legislation is beneficial to AZ. CBO and independent analysis refutes your claim that this helps AZ.
Be smart the President is purposely keeping the fight to appeal healthcare it keeps pressure off him. Puerto Rico need the help NOW!!
Do you really think taking healthcare way from millions is going to help?
This bill takes and takes from AZ & those who need it most. Can you please represent ALL of us and not just your base?
Not really.
See you at the polls Senator, for the last time.
The "finish line" is a cliff.

You can always choose to Represent Arizonans- it's not too late.

What have you done so far?

Nothing of note
Voting yes and hoping no again I see...and you said you would never again...SAD. Lack of character and courage Jeff. #Return2RegularOrder
Cite why it is harmful. You are a mindless, soulless minion. Think for yourself, man. Can you?
Seems that you have caved to trump's bullying. Sad.
If you really feel that way, convince McCain or call him out.  I'm not buying the con job your selling anymore.
Stop this windmill-tilting and get some aid to Puerto Rico 
Something needs to happen on HC the price is enormous and outrageous even throw my  job  it was free for my whole fam
Vote No! You can be sure we will for any election you are in
Just repeal.
Get Insane McCain in line. He is no longer rational.
So you don't care about the Arizonans who will hurt more if this horrible bill passes? Women, children, low income earners?
You do understand that the AND in #RepealAndReplace denotes 2 actions. Repeal first AND replace 2nd. 2 bills not 1.
So this is what desperation looks like. #GrahamCassidy would cost AZ billions and strip healthcare benefits away from your voters.
Please explain how GC will benefit Arizonans who are "hurting". Will we get lower premiums and better coverage? Experts say NO
Didn't you just publish "conscience of a conservative?" Read your book blurb, look in the mirror, you have no principles, shame on you
This bill will hurt thousand and thousand of AZ people. Your vote can save lives, but only if you grow a spine and stand up for the people!
Regulate insurance company premiums and stop taking campaign donations from them. GrahamCassidy takes away preexisting conditions.
When do you get a spine?
Why not let's throw 32 million people under the bus
You just lost my vote and I am a constituent. This bill is horrible on so many levels. You did lots of taking on book tour but then do this
Bad decision.
LIAR. Your big money donors want this for the tax cut ON TOP tax reform con. Government of corporations, by corporations, for corporations.
Shame on you Jeff Flake. Again you put party over Country and more importantly Arizonans. We will not forget the harm you plan to inflict.
Wrong and you know it!
Did u know trump is a member of ur party or did u forget already
Boo.....seriously. Boo.
Cool story bro. We’ve heard you say this before. And like we said - you’ll lose for this decision. This bill is crap for political gain.
You support #GrahamCassidy because you are a #Dotard
We are hurting but this bill would kill us-get your facts Mr. Flakes
THINK: In 8 hrs nearly 700 ppl have taken the time to type dissenting comments, while less than 100 ppl agree with u enough to click "like."
Vote No.
BS Flake. How can you do this to AZ? I'll be at the polls 2018 and I won't be voting for you or Ward. Bad decision on your part.
Sorry you have made this choice. I will fight tooth and nail to make sure you are not re-elected, especially since the bill is DOA. Stupid.
#85022 we don't want #GrahamCasiddy please follow @SenJohnMcCain 's lead
Where is your head?! Every medical society opposes this bill! You're on the wrong side of the vote AGAIN!
We want #MedicareForAll. Vote NO on Graham Cassidy bill that does nothing but shift $$ and cut funding to give rich a big tax cut. No! No!
I watched u on @StephenAtHome U weren't very convincing. HC should b a right. Taking HC from your constituents is so WRONG. INHUMANE!
Give it up Jeff.  Work with the Democrats.  That's what you and they are there for.
Do you support @realDonaldTrump comments about @SenJohnMcCain and the horrible comments being made and not disavowed on this feed?????????
This is not the way to do it @JeffFlake. I guess it's all about reelection.
Party over country has you on the #WrongSideOfHistory yet again. Republicans have horrible ideas, thanks for nothing.
Booooooooo! I hope Kelli ward takes ur spot.
No 1 believes that. All healthcare organizations r against the repeal. How arrogant of u 2 think u know better than licensed medical profes
you've done nothing to convince me you have Arizona constitutents' interests in mind. Do not vote for #CassidyGraham.
Jeff u have no idea how outrageous ur statement is. Do you read and listen? Do u hear people asking 4 help? Arizona has 1 real Senator-not U
You're a chickenshit, Flake!

No we are not. We are counting on you to get healthcare across the finish line. Get your priorities straight, please, Senator Flake.
Not!
#GrahamCasiddy will hurt thousands if not millions of Americans and you know this! Do the right thing not the what gets you paid!
You are not doing anything for hurting Arizonans. This is you doing anything to appease GOP donors.
Dead.
#RepealAndReplaceFlake
@JeffFlake DO the promise of REPEAL.Then no argument--simply repeal it with a bill that says this-- repeal the ACA. No words-only repeal
Arizona's are not looking to be thrown off of their current coverage but to fix the current law. Repeal is not what we need. Listen 2 us
Voting for #GrahamCassidy is a horrible decision for Arizonans and our country. Try again Senator.
If you really cared about the American people you would cut your pay to reflect the poor quality of your work. You suck at your job.
I can't trust my governor to use the funds wisely. State healthcare is a nightmare for folks who travel or split time in other states.
Why do taxpayers foot the bill for your salary & your healthcare? Please tell the American people why you don't deserve minimum wage. #loser
You've been lied to. The new bill hurts more Arizonans since it'll lay waste to Medicaid. Please work on a bipartisan bill w/@SenJohnMcCain.
Arizonans are HURTING because of the GOP legislators who care only for pleasing the RICH!  LYING CREEP! You KNOW this "bill" would kill MANY
It's time to stand up for those hurting Arizonans and vote no
No One would be opposing this bill if it was a good bill. You only want to pass it because it's a Republican, anti-Obama effort. Despicable.
Liar. Your support of bill is purely about party loyalty and appeasing big donors. How do you live with yourself?
Have you even READ it? How exactly does it help Arizonans? How about giving up your Senate plan for it? Hmmm?
A yes vote could seal your fate for early retirement. Please save my Arizona healthcare. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy
You just lost my vote and more then that my respect
And that’s why you’ll be unemployed soon. #voteFlakeout2018
Or, you could support your constituency and not vote for it. #votehimout
Stop it. You are taking health care from millions Mr White Privilege. But what say u about a Puerto Rico. Yes, they have darker skins.
Senator, explain to us exactly what you support in this bill and why you support it.  Please. We are all waiting for the details.
Well you’ve lost my support @JeffFlake. Too bad you aren’t truly thinking of your constituents. Disgraceful
Replace it with what, Dimwit?? Ur party had 7 years to get a plan 2gether. Ur party crashed economy in 2008 too! #OnlyLipService
Really? Do you listen to facts? Check out CBO preliminary findings. Perhaps you'll learn something. A Tucsonan originally from Maine
Can you please share with us one or two specific things you think #GrahamCassidy will improve for Arizonans?
If this bill passes az will loose $millions & medicaid will be in danger. looks like you are pandering  to billionaires over the good of az.
Looking forward to donating to the #RepealAndReplaceFlake campaign.
Then you haven't read the bill, it will devastate millions. Healthcare needs to cross the aisle &the bill written in a bi-partisan effort.
ALL Americans need health care, not just republicans. Cuts in Medicaid will create more uncompensated care causing price of care to go up.
Are you voting to support your party or your people. because this bill definitely will cause more problems than we already have. Rethink it!
Sorry Senator Flake. I have to disagree.
You failed again Jeff.  Arizonans are hurting because you don't care.
You’ve made no compelling argument for this bill. It hurts millions who now have coverage. Hopefully, your support results in removal
Senator Flake as a voter in AZ, I’m also a RN I’m dumbfounded that you would vote on a bill that will take healthcare away from people of AZ
This is a horrible bill... you are smarter than this
Hope the people of your fair state make you unemployed at the next opportunity
Please talk to John and get him to come around......
We’re hurting and you’re going to make it worse... you’re drinking the Kool-aid! Listen to your constituents, vote NO!!!
I am a life-long Arizonan counting on the *FAILURE* of heartless #RepealAndReplace to make way for what we *DO* need: #MedicareForAll
You are hurting your people. Shame on you.
Did you run that by the Lobbyists and Special Interests groups. It won't pass. All of you are liars
If your relying on fox news then you need to resign from the Senate. You don't care how many people get hurt from this
No. Arizonans are counting on the #senate and federal govt to support and make work the current healthcare laws.
You know Graham Cassidy is not as good as ACA. You know millions will die #YouSuck
Arizona will lose over $10 billion in 10 years, thousands of jobs,  hundreds of thousands of people without insurance. They promised you…?
Shame on You!!!
No no no...shame on You! This is not what we want!
They would hurt more under Graham/Cassidy but you know that & still want to harm/kill them. CBO is out telling how bad it is.
You are very wrong sir. Serve your constituents, not your party. Senator McCain had the courage to do this. You should too.
I'm in Arizona and this bill does not help. I expect better for women, the elderly and those with pre-existing conditions.
Is there a different Arizona that we don't know about? Your state has been yelling at you to vote no.
Work toward bipartisan revamp.  Support your constituents.
Very sad you would support this. What did they promise you to make you change your mind?
I lol when ppl encourage me to "call my senator" on healthcare.  You're not listening!   Vote NO!
NO on Graham-Cassidy!! This bill will hurt the most vulnerable constituents in America! #SaveMedicaid
Make the most of your remaining time as a Senator, just a little over a year left by my count.
Counting on the Senate to get it right, not fast. Do your work; it's your last gasp anyway.
No, vote no YOUR GOING TO@MAKE IT WORSE! CBO says millions lose coverage. Preexisting conditions hurt very bad. Vote no or we vote you out!
How is eliminating people's health insurance "helping" anyone?
