If you support the things you say you are thnking of no one but your self and your wealthy donors.  The rest of us need REAL healthcare
3/ Cruz Amnd is worthless. What’s the point of a plan that doesn’t offer coverage?  Would you want to put your family on that plan?
Good ? about putting his fam on plan, asked that last week. Still waiting for answer.  Being so cavalier w our health & lives is dangerous.
Flake and his family are covered in a 'golden' health care plan for life. Paid for by you and me. Smh
Your vote revealed who you are. #HistoryTells

Shame on you. A no vote now will give you an opportunity to work with the Senate, all of them, to fix problems. Not make new ones.
FIX ACA!
1/ sit down w/@SenSchumer, work in bipartisan manner to fix #aca. Far from perfect, it needs fixed, not tossed in the garbage.
Flake drank the Trump Kool Aid! Totally irresponsible to throw more Americans off insurance without replacement! FIX ACA
Scarier>he is now drinking the Cruz-ade. I really hope there's a great candidate running against him>I'd vote for a turnip vs JF at this pt.
your parties stance on ACA brutality faulty.  The stress that you RNC legislators have caused should be criminal.  BCRA, IS A JOKE.
Do not vote for a repeal without replace! I am a constituent deeply disappointed in your statement! You are caving to Trump-a desperate man
Jeff Flake needs to go.  We need people who are onboard with the American people.  Flake does not support the president.

#NeverFlake @JeffFlake we are going to run a campaign head and shoulders above any #rinos to #MAGA 
Be aware of how many AZ residents are using Medicaid before you vote. Out most vulnerable people depend on you to protect them.

Do not vote for this bill!  Fix what we have; a full repeal will devastate millions of Americans incl almost 1 million of your constituents
You support keeping your job...at the expense of people.
Please don't do this to the residents of Arizona.  We need fixes to the ACA.  2 year repeal, BRCA and the Cruz Amdmt are bad for AZ!
Stay strong Senator against a repeal of ACA. 30 million ppl will loose Healthcare
It is 1/6 of economy.This is serious. Doctors want ACA fix
This is why we voted for you. To get rid of #Obamacare. AZ got hit hardest. To support the ACA is political suicide. #repealobamacare
Your D.C. Office VM is full.  Please vote NO on tomorrow's health care MTP. No hearings, no idea what's being voted on. 20hrs not enough
What are you doing?  Do you have any imput?  I would like to make your salary and work less than 200 days per year!
Cruz's plan is cruel. We extend better healthcare to our enemies in battle than our impoverished citizens. Health needs should not bankrupt
How much does your personal tax bill go down if #BCRA #REPUBLICARE passes? #TellUsBeforeYouVote
Have you talked with the Medicaid Director in Arizona regarding impact of proposed cuts?
repeal without replacement? You're playing Russian roulette with people's health and lives. It's not a compromise that will save your job
Actually it's not the job of the federal government to force you to buy a product or a service. They have no constitutional authority for it
They force us to buy car insurance. Do you oppose this law as fierce as you oppose patient protection laws?
How can you support throwing millions of Americans & #Veterans off insurance in one breath, & then wish @SenJohnMcCain well? 

#VoteThemOut
His friend doesn't have to abide by the same insurance as us plebians. Vote no for repealing! Put country over the Donald!
Please vote NO on TrumpCare, or doom constituents and the insurance industry.  We're better than this.
Shameful! you don't support your voters you just dumped millions off of health care
I hope your health care covers the spine transplant you obviously need. #BCRA #REPUBLICARE does not. Party over Country. We will not forget!
#BCRA=#REPUBLICARE and is bad for America. Do not vote to proceed to any secret bill. Arizona voters will not forget #REPUBLICARE!
What makes you so hateful toward American citizens why do you want our grandparents dead disabled on the streets and people in bankruptcy?
Have you seen the latest CBO?  It gets worse & worse.  Stop this merry-go-round and get serious via bipartisan fix to the Marketplace.
2/ #brca doesn’t do anything to lower the cost curve for #HC. Reducing access to HC will lower total dollars at the expense of people
You need to FIX the ACA, not dump it for the #BCRA abortion of a bill.  Come on, man, stand up for adult approaches to governing.
you're my representative now and I say vote no on ACA repeal.
@SenJohnMcCain @dougducey If #BCRA so wonderful, why did Senate #GOP exempt themselves?
@SenJohnMcCain @GOP @dougducey Work with Dems to fix #ACA.  Say "no" to #HealthcareBill #BCRA
You guys had 7 years - wth is wrong with you? This isn't rocket science. Obamacare is destroying the 40-hour work week for millions.
Wish the article was right. I'm a constituent, don't take away my health care.
This all might actually work if the two parties could work together. What next, Dems get in majority, switch to ACA again, rinse repeat?
Needs a bipartisan solution. We've had enough of polarization. You were supposed to be one who could work across the aisle...
You need to stand against these types of legislation
Hey @JeffFlake how about support the MILLIONS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS who are suffering & terrified GOP is trying to steal their healthcare??
Thanks for clarifying. For a second I thought you cared about the lives and health of your constituents.
You're a monstrous human being if you vote for this bill and people won't forget it.
#BCRA $13000 deductibles are not better than #ACA
@dougducey @SenJohnMcCain You support #CruzAmendment with no #CBO score?  That's #deplorable! #Trumpcare should be hard "NO" vote!
Planned Parenthood gave me the timely, good (and affordable) news that I was pregnant.  You want to destroy it.
You try making an appt to confirm a pregnancy test anywhere else and you wait weeks.
PP then provide a safe, quality, place for my grown 'baby' to go when she needed services.
Just think of the generations of Az voters that have used or rely on PP when you cast your vote. Represent us- not your party.
The voters will hold u responsible for your silence concerning POTUSs ineptness, Russian collusion and other crimes against Americans.
Please vote no on repeal-Dem/Rep need to work TOGETHER to fix ACA it has issues but also good points as well "Repeal" is just a GOP slogan
Repeal Obamacare
You are an embarrassment to the state.
I dare you to do it.
But ofcourse you do. How about you go out on the free market and get your own HC insurance instead of your platinum senate plan?
Expand medicare!
SINGLE PAYER
I graduated high school in Mesa (Skyline), as a Texan, let me tell you it's not wise to support anything Ted Cruz writes. #so60yearsago
You're on the right side, being on the "wrong side of Trump". You know this is at best half-baked - vote NO, please, if this gets that far!
Repeal. Americans deserve Liberty.
Given your support of this bill, you're clearly not good at math. A bill with 15% support=losing in the next election. #HealthcareMath
So you're saying you don't want to be senator anymore? #2018Midterms
Why your willingness no to set yourself on fire  over this
"He has no allies, only fluffers and foes." Great piece by @TheRickWilson  http://www.thedailybeast.com/when-will-republicans-learn-that-donald-trump-hates-them?source=twitter&via=mobile …
If you support Cruz amdt why exempt yourself from it? Should you not be forced to participate in the exact same health plan your advocating
Wow, did you sign Trumps loyalty oath?
#FullRepeal Now. no more show votes. The time for action is now.
The healthcare plan Congress approves for its members should be the same healthcare plan they pass for the rest of America. Taxpayer funded
The policy you support will result in less coverage, higher costs and lower quality plans. Please reconsider. We can do better!
OK seriously how do we get Flake out of office NOW?
So you "Support" leaving us high and dry for "2 years"? Thanks alot. Note to self: vote against Jeff Flake next term.
Fix the aca we don't need trump care
Support Single Payer!
If you are skeptical about #SinglePayer, here are the facts. It SAVES money & lives! :) #SB562 http://ow.ly/aDLE30dCwMs 
We have single payers: Medicare, Medicaid and VA. BTW, do you want "VA" type of treatment? (Wish some idiots would learn before tweeting) 

17.4 million disabled children & poor seniors targeted for #Medicaid cuts in Senate bill. Stop the backroom deals http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/342853-source-senate-leaders-to-offer-200b-to-win-over-moderates#.WXDKFdy2Xh9.twitter …

 BREAKING: CBO: Premiums will increase by ***$11,500*** for a 64-year old with middle income  

I had a hamster once who expended a lot of energy running on his wheel & never got anywhere.

(Image credit: @ASlavitt) 
THAT IS NOT WHAT AZ wants. AGAIN, PUTTING PARTY B4 AZ's needs. WHO DOES THAT? CORRUPT POLITICIANS, that is who.
How did you vote for or against yes or no
not true they are working on the new health bill.400 million paid the penalty on there taxes premiums doubled and tripled.
The level of idiocy is impressive.
Senator Flake says it's ok he doesn't know what health care bill they're voting on bc they're not voting yet  (early next week)
NO to repeal and the CRUZ proposal the "freedom" brings 15 mil no coverage, ins market crash, attacks pre exist. cond. 
Which is equally horrible. You have a 37% approval rating and dropping. Think your support of this bill is the reason? I do.
It took one person, Barack Obama, to do what the complete GOP "inadequates" have refused to do for decades: insure people.
Yup. And pretty proud of that, aren't you Jeff?
Vote NO on repeal ACA with 2 year delay.  Markets would collapse. Fix, don't wreck ACA. Look after Arizona citizens.
this is wrong. How can u accept hc pd for by the folks that voted for u but vote for a bill that kicks those people off their healthcare?
Hipocrite. That's how.
Thank you, I would like a clean repeal of Obamacare. Please continue to work for it's repeal.
Why would you want that? That's pure idiocy!
Heartless and disappointing.
bad idea senator. Your constituents don't like Trumpcare...unless it comes with free Trump steaks!
Millions of Dems ready to support all Reps who help us take our democracy back from this corrupt regime. Country before party!
Move forward, not back. Repeal without replace is ludicrous. Accomplishes nothing for the people. #FixACA
Have you no moral compass? The GOP plans are heartless and demonstrate a complete lack of compassion. Pitiful. "Winter is coming." 2018 
Well, it's good to know exactly where you stand. Pay no attention to the ground below you sinking away.
Single payer Jeff, single payer!!!! Expand Medicaid to cover all and cutout the middle man to save money you'd be surprised at the savings
This is a terrible idea which will hurt day-to-day lives of many Arizonans.  We hope you will reconsider this position.
Fix the ACA. Don't repeal. I will lose my insurance. You will kill me with a repeal.
Sorry, you lost my vote and my wife's and our three children with that comment. I used to be a fan.
Have you talked to any constituents like me about the realities of these issues you support? I’m in healthcare - I’d love to talk to you.
Translation:Jeff Flake wants to kick 20 million off healthcare and allow insurance companies free reign on offering subpar coverage.
But only for "2 years" Phil........
2 years? The Republicans were fine with this system for 40 years, have had 7 years to come up with a replacement and still nada.
You are disgusting! You support the 2-year repeal? What the hell are the US citizens supposed to do about health care, you freaking joke????
Do what is right for the common good.  All people in this country should have health insurance, not throwing 30 million off of insurance.
The @GOP has had 7 years. U think another 2 is going to help. I don't think so. U r playing with our lives. Shame on @GOP. A flock of liars!
Shouldn't healthcare policies should consider the stance of the AMA, the ANA  the AZ Hospital Associations & the impact on your constituents
Thanks for ur honesty, but looks like it'll be a hard sell in ur state
You support 32 million people losing healthcare?  Thanks http://amp.usatoday.com/story/493791001/ …
Have courage to stand up to GOP senators doing bidding of big pharma & insurance companies
Senator Flake your office didn't even have their facts straight about The Cruz Amendment & pre-existing condition coverage. Get it together.
Your willingness to play roulette with our coverage will never be forgotten & Congress exempted themselves from the new plans, chilling.
Repealing the ACA is both a healthcare and economic disaster. What are you thinking?
Extremely disappointed and beg you to reconsider. You know the facts. Will stand by you if you do the right thing. #faith #courage
Now that @SenJohnMcCain has been dx, it is important to think of what is right. Please consider the need of the stakeholders.
Well basically he wants to kick McCain off his government insurance because there is no F ing way they drop us and still get covered.
Very sorry to have read this. Your plan is to do harm to your constiuents who can least afford it and delete any alternatives.  Unseat in 16

BREAKING: New analysis by hair tonic manufacturer finds new tonic leads to full head of hair in just weeks. https://twitter.com/philipaklein/status/887715424586125313 …
Thanks for calling them out.
A man is known by the company he keeps. Tell Trump to go to hell. Keep your integrity and show American children what a LEADER looks like!
You should oppose this stupid bill and the stupid and. This bill would cause my child's premiums to skyrocket. Huge financial burden
Show up. As will let you know how we feel....
At
At
You support 2 year repeal? All GOP talked about for the last 8 years was repeal and replace, AND YOU HAD NO PLAN? 2 years more won't help
U will never return to D.C. Pack your bags & head home morally indefensible bill nothin to b proud of
You come off as a nice guy… Have you considered dental school? Horse training? Real estate? That beaming smile is wasted ruining our lives.
No telling what health care bill will do if McCain is out. Wish him only the best. Former Navy (reserve) Vietnam era vet. Democrat.
You think it wise to voice support for 3 wildly unpopular (and failed) proposals? Worry about your constituents, not a primary challenger.
Don't be the Senator who is universally known as the guy who forever saddled us with Obamacare.
Bad bill
You are a true disgrace to Republicans. As a conservative I could not be more disappointed with a so-called GOP senator.
Your party couldn't come up with a new plan in 7 years, and you think the next 2 years is the magic story? News flash: ACA was the GOP plan.
So-called 'consumer freedom' is a misnomer of the first magnitude. Fixes nothing, shoves ppl off healthcare. STOP You're smarter than that.
Healthcare is bipartisan issue. Republicans will vote against you if take away their healthcare. Save your job while saving people
must be nice to be you with great insurance while you rip ins away from the rest of us #youretheworst #shameonyou
You are a weasel trying to get reelected.
Exactly why do you support repeal?
Freedom to go back to crap policies that cover NOTHING
Which is why Arizona needs a new senator. #impeach45
Yah? And I support ANYONE who runs against you. See ya. #Traitor # Corrupt
Very disappointed that you sold out poor Arizonans and supported the Cruz amendment. It is a bad idea.
What is wrong with you!? This is NOT what we want! Why aren't you listening to your constituents? GOP had 7 years to figure this out.
Then you support death, and suffering. How many jobs in healthcare would be be affected? Right. You support another economic depression.
And this is exactly why you will lose your job in 2018. You care nothing for your constituents. #FlakeOut2018
Boy you lost me forever I'll never support you
I used to believe that Sen. Flake is a good person. How foolish of me
I think you're wrong on this, Jeff. Particularly on Cruz 'Cheap n Cheesy' plan, junk insurance.
As your constituent, I do not support any of that.
Only 32 million according to CBO. No big deal. It shows how little u care about us and our families http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_596fcd2ee4b0aa14ea76e487?ncid=inblnkushpmg00000009 …
Repeal now.
2-yr appeal means we can't plan our lives having no idea what you'll come up with. Cruz amdt brings back junk plans. Please don't.
Wow, so you admit without shame that you would vote to kick 32 MILLION (that's the repeal/delay number) off h/c
Jeff you are tone deaf! Quit listening to your corporate handlers. Listen to your constituents. 85367. #Flakeout2018
And your constituents in 85051!
you've had 7 yrs to have a plan. You have no intention to repair
I can't believe how heartless you've shown yourself to be.
So you support at least 400,000, maybe millions, of my neighbors losing coverage. Disgraceful.
AZ's premiums are insanely high under OCare. Granted. Maybe work to fix OCare instead of standing behind a plan that further hurts AZ!
AZ's pop. is full of seniors who would have to pay higher premiums under Cruz amdt. By doing this, you're committing political suicide.
Had such hopes for you. Do you read polls?
Shame on you.
It's incredulous that you stand behind this w/out acknowledgment of whether your constituents would support this.
So let me understand..you DO support stripping healthcare from Arizona's low income population?  Okay, we will remember that.
you are getting voted out
You've already had 7 years and now need another 2? Get real. It's time to work with the #ACA to make it better for everyone. #Flake
Even your base is getting lower on Trump. You will be on the wrong side of history 
Fox News Poll: @POTUS's handling of... #SpecialReport 
Cruz Amendment is flawed by offering watered down plans for healthy; the results would be good plans for sick will sky rocket!! #deathcare
How bout an in-person town hall? We had metal detectors at the We the People Summit.

Under BCRA, to maintain current #Medicaid program, #Arizona would have to make up $11.8B fed fund loss btw 2020-29 http://kaiserf.am/2vkF0sK  
Thank you for engaging with us. What does BCRA 2.0 offer voters with preexisting conditions? I'm middle class with a special needs kid.
Well that's shameful. I guess you don't believe that the pre-existing conditions clause is good for Arizonans. #BCRAFail #SaveObamacare
Where have you announced this support prior to this tweet? I have been checking your website.
Why are you saying that like it's a good thing? The ACA has cost problems the #BCRA covers less ppl. Neither addresses high costs.

Total population of Nevada, Maine, West Virginia, Ohio, Kansas, Kentucky, Utah & Wisconsin combined = 33 million. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/887787303053266944 …
Well u should would hurt AZ deeply sorry to say I now see whybur kids turned out the way they did..selfish self serving
Even though credible industry folks and economists predict it would cause a death spiral in individual markets?
Now I'm going to work to defeat u in AZ. Ur no better than the rest of the Rs! No empathy, no conscience n a pretend religious belief a scam
Why don't you go do something we people can support!
It needs to be #retainandfix !!!
Now that tells me u care more about ur own sorry neck than the ppl of AZ and the Nation. So corrupt!
#2018iscoming
Translation: "Fuck it, we can't fix it so we'll just take it away from you. And no, I won't talk to you about it."
Good to know you'd vote for 32 million Americans to lose insurance coverage.  @cbo score.
Shame on you. Won't get my vote and I'll tell everyone here in AZ to do the same.
Something tells me someone who thinks of themselves as "the resistance" isn't someone who ever did/would vote GOP. (smirk) 
yikes! you sound like a scolded puppy dog
You support the Cruz amendment even though it's untenable? Are you for it b/c it won't pass?
Repeal without a replacement would be disastrous. Nice guy or not, you're not representing the wishes of the people of AZ.
it could be you who are a 'bit off'. Does it bother you that the AMA is dead opposed to this amdt?? along with constituents! Wake up!
Your admission to a repeal without a replacement seals the deal.  Arizonan's, #FlakeOut2018
Don't be a hypocrite, think of AMERICA!
It's understandable you are afraid of a crazy Trump primary battle, but he's already a political afterthought. Show some courage.
We're still working to boot you out of office. Arizonans deserve much more than a democrat that says he's a republican. #MAGA
Two insurance companies have said Cruz Andy a joke and not plausible
Which is another big reason why you won't have my vote next year (or ever). Fix what we have. #saveACA
Scorched Earth Politics of @SenateMajLdr hurt Arizona. Stop playing games with our lives. Small minority of your base DOES NOT represent AZ
Call BCRA what it is ... TRUMPCARE -- and you own it!

And yet this is not what your constituents or the American people want. Please stop this nonsense.
That's a terrible idea. Support your constituents, not your donors!
