Too bad you won't be getting my vote! #byebyein2018
It's sooo funny to laugh about the 5000 soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan esp.when you won't send your precious kids off to fight.
Maybe he can tell you your are a fool  for supporting the current administration?
Huh? He hates Trump!!
How's that town hall goin'?  #ShakeFlake
You Re going to need more than George W to win.  @JeffFlake start listening to your constituents or polish up your resume.  You are done
No more Flake 2018 85022
I sure hope you have another line of work you can fall back on.
I will do my best to have you replaced by a democrat in 2018.
I will help!
Where's @realDonaldTrump? A vote for you is a vote for the treacherous Trump and his attack on our republic.
Um, he hates Trump. Why do you think all these ppl are calling him a traitor, etc?
The fat oaf @realDonaldTrump will be the end of the Republic. Flake votes with Trump most of the time.
You are going to lose
#Boldly tell hundreds of lies about Iraq to the American people and Members of Congress https://www.opednews.com/articles/Delegating-Power-to-Genera-by-Rob-Kall-Bottom-up-Top-Down_Leadership-Leaders_Military_Presidential-Authority-170415-718.html#comment654676 … #poorjudgement #falsehood
Rough time tonight Flake wait til 2018 don't stand a chance
Really? Failed George? Failed Betsy Princess DeVos, wow. No privacy for YOU.
Such a great photo. I'm not a Republican i'm an independent but man I miss that guy.

Maybe you will win more votes if he campaigns against you.
Please consider supporting the GOP platform finally, if you win.
He won't!! We have to vote against him. Dr. Kelli Ward is in the primary against him!! #draintheswamp #MAGA
Awesome! Who's running against you?
What campaign.  We are voting you out
You are better at ignoring a chicken than I am.  See you at the luncheon,  I'll have the Sen.  Chicken...  to go please.
thanks for being you Jeff. Require local ids to get in townhalls might save you from paid liberal out of towners
THE GLEEFUL LAUGHTER OF THE INSULATED WEALTHY & POWERFUL. Non-entitled people's faces do NOT make these expressions.
DO YOUR JOB
George W Bush - #crimeofaggression Nothing to be proud of - wipe those smiles from your faces and pray for justice
You look good next to that war-criminal.
Answer the Questions. Education in AZ is gone. DeVos will bury it. Flake you voted her in, thank your PRINCE donations.
#Flakeout2018  85042
Right now I like Bush far more than you. And Ive hated him since Iraq.
#winteriscoming
Did he tell you to pull away from 45 if you want to keep your seat?
And what "Code of Conduct" did you try to hand Pres. Bush?  Or do you only want to censor those who vote?
Yuk and yuk.
Always goofing around on my time and my money. Like the time you wasted in the supreme court confirmation process asking ridiculous stuff.
I sure hope you are not re-elected.
How can we trust you to do your job now? Especially since you violated your oath of office last year! I intend to vote you out next year.
85383 constituent.  2018 will not be a good year for you.  
Hey hack, how about a Town Hall with your constituents instead? Scared?
Don' t waste your time & corporate sponsor"s money.
Unlike you, I'm voting people before party. #ByeFlake2018
remember when you thought he was damaged goods and refused to campaign with him?  good times....
Count down to Bye bye Flake
good luck sir!!
Looking forward to voting for literally anyone but you. Constituent, 85338. #flakeout
Bye bye from 86005.
Wow! Sen. Flake so beautiful out-there, in AZ.  Also a beautiful smiles from Pres G.W.Bush, too.  Great job!
Why aren't you meeting with constituents instead of campaigning? Also won't need all that money you're raising bc you're going to LOSE.
Won't even be close.  You will be held accountable @twwnaz
I will enjoy voting for your opponent in 2018.
Continuing to be parasitically hollow I see.
Give it up Flake, you don't have a chance here in AZ. You had your chance to represent your constituents and not just your party.#flakeout
I'll put in my vote to oust you from the Senate in 2018.
I look forward to supporting whoever runs against you.  Arizona isn't as red as it used to be, Jeff.
Perfect. Two of a kind. (Losers)
why not ask Trump? Oh wait
@jmartNYT Fake teeth...fake tan...fake man.
vote FLAKE out in 2018 he does not support AZ needs only wants to line his pockets with lobby money
#shakeflake 85748
My bedroom doorknob has more common sense than you; how can you rubber stamp each one of idiotic Trump's actions? Have you any shame?
It will be the pleasure of my year to vote you out in 2018. With disgust, constituent 85226
Hi #43! Nice to see you didn't ask the current traitor to come visit you
great POTUS
How was it hanging out with a war criminal?
You should've thought about that reelection when you changed stripes. We're going to give you a long vaca!  Seem like a nice guy but bye bye
Get that war criminal outta here
#Flakeout2018 85367
How are you so out of touch that you think this is an endorsement worth publicizing
LOL
Enjoy your last term.
Look, folks! I got a real live war criminal and profiteer who killed and maimed many thousands of people so Cheney and all could get richer
Yeah, good luck with that. Constituent, 85710.
W managed two terms. Highly doubt you'll do the same. 2018 is coming. 86005
Couldn't agree more. Since when is this  the face of reason?!? #upsidedownworld
So Bush's image has been rehabbed enough to appear at fundraisers. Cool. (Not cool) Or you just don't care any more about your seat. Thurs.
This confirms it. Ill donste to kelli ward
I sure as heck won't vote for you
You are an embarrassment to the state of Arizona.
Whoa. All that brain power in one room

ew
You are looking in the wrong place.

We have not forgotten the damage of Bush.

You work for US...it would serve you well to remember that.
Buses have been chartered to bring the hundreds if not more to your town hall in mesa. Keep on laughing. I am too.
Great Americans! 
Keep laughing and having fun. Thursday will be a great day for questions at your townhall.
Looking forward to voting you out of the Senate. #trumprussia
Second that!
Glad to be supporting you, Senator!
Does Bush know you're an idiot who ignores his constituents?
