Serious Q- how is 8 competing insurance companies all willing to pay a guaranteed percentage of hidden, inflated prices the best option?
Everything's going to be out of control until costs come down. And there's never been an indication that will happen.
Right now everyone's getting paid. There's no incentive to fix anything, and the only options y'all will consider are status quo-adjacent.
We haven't had a free market heath care system for a long time. Competition is the best vehicle to driving down costs. Sell across state lin
Competition won't drive down costs, it'll marginally slow the increase of premiums so long as companies can calculate in rising profits.
older sicker working people will have to pay more, but they're typically in their prime earning years anyway.
I typically don't engage people on here that don't use their name, & It's pretty obvious you've never been hit with a serious medical bill.
Single payer is fantastic. Lived in Japan for 7 years. When I broke my arm in three places: CT scans, ambulance, castings, drugs = under $1k
Japan population is 130 million. USA population is 300 million we double them. Single payer would be horrible here. 
Why would a higher population make it horrible? Better dispersal of risk.
Longer lines? Longer wait times for hospital's. Just go to Canada and see how long it takes u to get a MRI.
Certainly things to work out. How long are Medicare wait times here? For Japan even w/divide between large cities and rural, it works well.
I'm not on Medicare. And not all doctors take Medicare you have to go to their doctor. It would be the worse thing ever for this country.
Single payer wouldn't mean everyone HAS to be on it, rather that it is there baseline coverage available to all (like Medicare for seniors).
Not everyone needs to be on food stamps but people take advantage of it. You give something for free and everyone will want to get it
Because that's worked so far. My GOP family in Arizona supports single payer and you should too.
Single payer would destroy AZ health system and the nations. You are comparing a country 300 million to other countries that have 50m ppl.
We also have a higher GDP per capita than those countries so how does that work out to be true?
Giving everyone health care in a home of 5 people is easier to give healthcare to a neighborhood of 100 people. Math isn't hard..
Econ 101! Totally right @JeffFlake!  Canadians come here for surgeries because their single payer system has them wait in line for YEARS!
You have no clue. My doctors ALL say the best way to manage and even reduce health care costs is to go to single payer
More choice and competition will also result in less quality health care for those with preexisting illnesses. Please reconsider.
This is absolutely untrue. It hasn't worked in the past; why should it work now? This new bill would devastate healthcare in AZ -vote no!
Single payer works in most other countries of the world, including Cuba.  Why not America? Where are you getting your facts?
Allowing various insurance companies to lock us in to their panels of providers doesn't provide choice. All docs in single plan does!
In a free market no one is forced to engage in any transaction at all.  Health care is not a market!
doesn't address needs of high cost people w/expensive  treatments or drugs. Don't just spout the usual capitalist blab w/o addressing this.
Single payer is the way Canada does it & Germany & All the Scandnavians & UK & all advanced nation but the USA.It works &They have choices!
Yet the prices the gov pays for the same services with Medicare with significantly less than insurance companies or people pay
These are just facts though so, he doesn't really take those into account.
And you dont understand why thats the REASON the rest pay more? Sheesh.
#SinglePayer is the only way to go. Look at all the other countries in the world.
There will be a lack of care, lack of choice and competition  this bill is a disaster. Bad for Arizona and Bad for America
Actually no I think not. We spend $3.4T on healthcare. High end estimates of single payer is estimated at $2.8T and covers everyone.
Listen to your astute colleague @SenGillibrand. She's got it right: #healthcare for profit is #immoral. Your support makes YOU immoral.
What you are backing is horrible! Single payer is the way to go!
I strongly disagree that single payer would be a disaster. A single large risk pool is easily the most efficient insurance. Period.
And along with a single pool, remove all profit taking. This doesn't have to mean stopping competition. Stop big donors and do what's right!
bigger disaster: state control. Consider diff state coverage for preexist conditions means ppl w/could move to get ins. Sing Pay is best
Yeah, sure would be a disaster for all citizens to be able to see a doctor. We can't afford it, better give another $700B to military funds.
You're wrong on this. Single payer is what arizona needs
He wants a small government and more money for himself... the people in Arizona don't matter to Jeff.
Yet that not what you have.I want the health care you have.Govt health care how about that
So you support the leeches, better known as the insurance companies, whose sole motive is profits for their share holders? Disgusting & vile
What kind of HUMAN doesn't agree that every American should have Healthcare? Oh I know, the kind thats only thinks of himself
Yeah, they have great healthcare, paid for by us, for life
You know President Obama was a genius and forced every Congress member to have the exact same Healthcare as every American. They Amended it
No Graham-Cassiduy is a disaster.  Ask anyone who represents a health care industry.  They all have rejected it. Stop pretending you care.
Absolutely wrong Jeff.  More choice and competition may work for many things.  It has failed for healthcare.
In ideal world sure, not when greedy insurers pick&choose who to cover.
Competition just means more profits for the wealthy, there is no trickle down. Flake is wrong wrong wrong
You're wrong.
@JeffFlake You are so dim witted that there isn't any place to start a conversation. You are harmful to our State.
Believe it or not, what you have said here is a testable theory! Policy analysis and stakeholder input can be used to guide decision making
stay strong and true to support Americans. Don't let them strip us of health care.
That's right. It doesn't work in other countries, does it? I am so glad I don't live in Arizona under this douche. Voters should be ashamed
Why? It's successful and thriving in every other major country. Health care for profit is deadly for us. Which insurance company pays you?
You're still living in the dark ages...refusing healthcare to the needy by denying single payer. Shame What happened to county hospitals?
@JeffFlake so people being guaranteed healthcare is a disaster? People didn't want SS or medicare in 1935. Just saying.
No. Wouldn't it be nice if we all had the same insurance you have
Nope. Single payer could offer the widest choice of provider, ie, every licensed provider in nation. Competition drives UP healthcare cost.
Instead of being against something, why not get with your colleagues and craft an actual healthcare bill. One that clearly benefits people.
Because then he'd be working with the snowflakes...
Even those on Medicare have choices beyond basic coverage from HMO plans to supplemental insurance. Still choice & comp in that area.
We love my parents' Humana supplemental. It costs nothing extra.
Can't say I'm surprised, but you shouldn't be either when you're voted out in 2018. Healthcare for ALL! No more gambling with our lives.
How has the VA worked here in Arizona? It's horrible and you want healthcare for all smh. It would be horrible.
Free market: best idea that never worked because it's all about $$, not people. Many can't afford it or are deemed ineligible due to PECs.
Again free healthcare for our vets failed them in Arizona. Yeah let's just trust the govt and raise my taxes to pay for strangers. 
There it is. The selfish game of the haves and have-nots, of winners and losers.
In ALL other industrialized countries, in all 1st world countries it works. HOW ARE YOU SAYING IT DOESN'T???
@MarchofDimes Why are you gutting what little we have?
Your state loses $1.6 billion in federal funding under this plan, Senator. There's been no hearing, no CBO score. Any of that matter to you?
How does choice and competition bring prices down? Have you looked at your cable bill?
Canada, Great Britain and other countries would beg to disagree. Have you spoken to any US citizens lately?
How about you not kill our current access to health care. Can we start with that? #SaveACA
Every industrialized Western country has a single-payer system. They are all democracies. Mr. Flake, you are out of touch. Stop pandering
Wrong. Single Payor saves Billions of dollars for citizens plus the politicians will stop getting bribes from medical lobbyists.
You're the problem.
Wrong.  Stop making stuff up Jeff. Single payer would be a major improvement, maybe less free trips for you, BUT way better for the country.
Get Insurance Co and Big Pharma out of supporting politicians and Healthcare costs would go down! Insurance &Pharma profits are killing USA!
#GrahamCassidy would be a disaster! Vote No! Take $ from top 1% and Corporations and fix the #ACA  Make America Healthy!
Then why did you vote against the American people and your party?  You and Senator McCain are caught up in group think.
Then why are you advocating for the Graham-Cassidy bill and trying to railroad it through?  CBO score?
Choice? STOP LYING!! Wake up & get w-21st Century. Competition is myth. Try pricing comparisons for healthcare. Impossible! #medicareforall
Isn't that the system we had that failed?
And another horrible repeal proposal? Will you finally stand up for constituents?
#VoteNo on #TrumpCare
#GrahamCassidy  is not the way to go, Senator. Your vote affects ALL Americans, not just in AZ. VOTE NO
You're wrong
I'll just leave this right here for you...
Ban preexisting cons & lifetime caps. Me = 52 y.o. MS x 30 yrs. Convince me Free  Market will help me!
I have MS x 30 yrs. Health is not a commodity. Can't just buy more. Protect vulnerable ppl. Free Market no help.
@SenJohnMcCain Single payer is #Medicare & #Medicaid and they are America's most popular social programs.
If you repeal #Obamacare you need to replace with #MedicareForAll. Screw giving tax cuts to Trump & his oligarch cronies.
Again, we say as your constituents, vote NO on Trump care. Vote FOR for the people and give them what they need. Shouldn't be so hard to do!
I'm looking at the Graham-Cassidy bill & I see some serious problems. I'm asking you to promise to hold your vote for the CBO Scoring.
No mention of the source of the high costs of healthcare.EVER, By anyone. The cost of health insurance is unaffordable for most people.
You have finally said something smart Mister flake and I just thought you were an idiot but now I mean you do say something smart
Okay do not vote for that Lindsey Graham bill please please sir don't don't do it, I'm begging you!
Graham bill is bad. No protections for preexisting conditions poor ppl suffer,takes $ from some states to give to others to get votes .
Disagree.  The #GrahamCassidy proposal definitely would be a disaster.  We need #SinglePayer  Healthcare like you have for all.
I don't understand why the Republican party is so opposed to having health care for all as  right instead of trying to take away Healthcare.
How can their be less competition then we have now?
Expand and fund ACA! Save your citizens. They will vote for you if you do.
Wrong. 5 years in AZ went to the 3x =~$1,000. 5 years in Japan w/ #SinglePayer health care, went multiple times annually=~¥50,000 (~$500).
really only a disaster for shareholders though right? we should get something for the taxes we pay. not more weapons and corp payoffs
Can't agree with you. Medicare recipients love their health care!
/2/ Insurance and pharma companies are still making lots of money.  Problem is they want those leading indicators to continue going up.
I understand, but it's had its chance.  Premiums have still been going up at double-digit percentages for decades. Not ACAs fault. /1/
The 2 versions of a "plan" your party created & YOU voted for are completely unacceptable. What does that say about YOU?
National healthcare is a security matter & it deserves the same support like national defense. A healthy populace is a productive populace.
Why? Now everyone's motivation is PROFIT.Efficient, nonprofit, #SinglePayer could save money.
I disagree, I'm on Medicare and it works great.#SinglePayer
You are obsolete.  # REPLACE
then why does it work for medicare? and for dozens of European countries?
As a US born citizen who grew up under a single payer system in Canada I can say with confidence that you are absolutely wrong.
...and the system we have isn't a disaster? Every other developed country on this planet has universal care, it works! GOP is the disaster.
3rd-party payer system IS a disaster. Single-payer seems to work very well in many other countries. Seems to cost less too.
No, Senator. Not everything is meant to be profit motive/competition. Stop trying to make health & education products.  They're not.
You, your comrade @SenJohnMcCain & the @GOP screwed us on that one....you had PLENTY OF TIME to come up with a GOOD PLAN...8 years in fact
The developed countries who have single payer have better health outcomes with lower costs than us.
Medicare is single payer, why would it be a disaster? Explain yourself.
Too little too late! We needed people in Congress who can form a plan & execute it in a timely fashion BEFORE it blows up. YOU FAILED!
You already have yours flake so screw the rest of us
We're the only country on earth that has healthcare for profit yet our healthcare is declining and our pockets are being emptied
It's the politicians that pocket campaign donations from insurance & drug companies that want to keep the status quo system in place.
This is an insult to intelligence. Compare our metrics on cost and outcome to countries with single payer. Private markets hurt consumers
The losers in single payer system are the insurance and drug companies profiting on the misery of the sick & injured.
Private health insurance can still be offered to those individuals seeking a "luxury" experience during their hospital stay.
Single-payer can become a government-private enterprise, whereby management of Medicare payments and fraud investigations can go out for bid
Single-payer covers all Americans with healthcare. No one need ever fall into bankruptcy from medical expenses. True freedom.
Single-payer frees employees from working at a job they no longer want, simply to retain affordable health insurance.
Single-payer removes the cost of employee healthcare from the balance sheets of businesses, improving competitiveness.
Wasn't it Single payer that allowed the child in England to go without treatment because it would cost too much?
How will it be a disaster? Describe it. Insurance omapnies, your buddies, not getting enough money? CEO's not making millions? @houdini77
Insurance companies are a problem.

Doctors who aren't trained well and ABUSE MANY are a problem.

Doctors don't even WASH THEIR HANDS! 
Do your job or get out! GOP is losing and ur a huge part of the problem

Did you vote for Hillary?
Competitive markets have gotten us high costs, poor outcomes and a few corps/indviduals profitting while many go bankrupt. Bad choice.
So healthcare is like any other business? You get what you can afford. Because that's what you deserve. Right?
I'm from Canada.  Health care is not a disaster here. Get educated before scaring the people of your state.
You're right Senator. We should have the choice of a #singlepayer.  If we had Medicare for everyone, private insurers would have to compete.
Competition is all well and good but insurance companies do not want to insure sick people. THAT is a fact. How do you get coverage then?
Funny... seems most other developed countries have figured it out
You can say that because your healthcare is paid for by taxpayers.  Ergo, you have no problem taking it away from regular people.
I believe you are correct about HC competition. Why don't you do something about it senator?!  Repeal ACA and force a new deal. Back POTUS!
Those who pay their own way are forgotten! All HC focus is on the uninsured...what about hard working voters getting crushed by HC costs?
Jeff, I have a job and family who depend on me. What are you doing about my huge HC premium, deductable and co-pay increases?!
Competition that only makes more enormous profits for pharmaceutical companies??? No, no and no!
You say it so it must be so!   WHY would #SinglePayer be a disaster?  Explain!  Competition among insurers has been tried and found wanting.
Don't agree with you Senator Flake. You be on the wrong side of this in 2018.
This is incorrect.
100% BS. Choice and competition make NO sense where health is concerned. Best care is the only care. Competition leads to worse care options
Agreed. Besides single payer doesn't limit competition in providing services – only in paying for them.
Maybe you need to talk to 1 of 33 others find out how they do it? If they can we can
As a practicing primary care physician, I have to disagree.
Yeah, because COMPETITION is what happens in your beloved private sector. Looks to me like mergers and price-fixing is what *really* happens
With Medicare I do have choices. And I get good care. Please stop scaring people! Medicare for all would be fine
So, just keep doing what we've been doing? No, thank you.
Trying to impress us now? Maybe you should talk to your fellow Senator McCain.
It will never be good/inexpensive as long as private insurance companies are involved
Seriously??? So most developed nations have it wrong then?? You need some education, Jeff.
What a joke. Yapping away like a toy dog yet doing absolutely nothing on Obamacare, taxes & immigration. RINO & will lose next election
Tell that to Canada. They have lower costs than we do, but are provided with better coverage, especially in oncology and cardiology.
Disagree
Wrong
You @JeffFlake would be responsible since you refuse to work with @realDonaldTrump administration in delivering a healthcare alternative.
Wouldn't be an issue if your pal McCain didn't hate Trump more than he loves the USA; could be working on bringing HC costs down.
How was that working out before ACA?
"Let the free market do its thing" is frequently at odds with what is good for the people. Enough with unethical capitalism.
Our current health care system is a disaster. Obamacare was a bandaid. You voted to strip health care from tens of millions of Americans.
It's too late for you young prince the subjects are dethroning you
Single Payer Now!
Except for the fact that there is very little competition in most markets. Usually only one ore two major players control 95% bodies.
Wrong
We need to add u on here too. U are OUT in 2018
Yea Jeff that's working out so well for us now.  How do you people sleep at night.  Oh on piles of money from lobyists that's right.
Then quit supporting it
Nope - Thats the best way for insurance companies to chargee exorbitant deductibles. Single payer works. So stfu
For what the US pays for health care, single payer could be made to work well. The need, however, is to lower total health care spending
Well...duh
GOP had eight years, nearly nine now, to come up with a solution. Sit down.
It would be a disaster to big pharma and insurance companies. It would be a godsend to middle and lower income Americans.
Repeal Obamacare and we can do that!
U guys have done nothing!!!!support the president
Totally disagree with you.
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
You just saw a disaster in TX & Florida. Single payer is hard, and most people would benefit. That is not a disaster. Don't lie.
#SinglePayer is not about doctor choice. It's about how we pay them.
Really? Is that an epiphany? Would have been nice if you could have shared that with McCain!
Get everyone on the Govt teat! I had EXCELLENT HC before you a**holes stepped in to "help". And we all KNOW it was by design! #FRAUD
Your friend McCain stood in the way of hc reform. Shameful. Hope you are truthful but doubt it.
Competition is optional. Not a good choice when there are few competing.
I'm a AZ constitute, RN & have had pleasure of working/living in Europe,Canada & US Let explain how wrong you are Jeff
Making HSAs portable and ubiquitous = affordable, quality, and harder to implement socialistic medicine.
Amnesty for illegal aliens that you support would be a disaster too yet you support it.
Look at OECD countries and quality of their healthcare. They ALL have universal healthcare. Our healthcare costs are 3 times their costs.
Concur
Downside is a higher tax rate. I'll take that if it means free medical and free college.
After speaking to people in many countries, single payer works well. Little to no wait. U can go anywhere in the country for care, etc...
Pls read up on costs and outcomes in other OECD states.  We pay more for less, and given the data we should change.
#SinglePayer would be great. Senator.
Total BS... That was the old way and it didn't work. Time to move to single payer. Think of the competition to be low-cost providers.
I've got an idea: Create a healthcare plan YOU and CONGRESS have to follow with us: the REAL working class. Bet it'd be a damn good plan.
Members of Congress should be required to use the same healthcare plans that they say are good enough for the rest of us.  
So put your money where your big mouth is. #ReplaceTheRINOs
Then Medicare must be allow to negotiate with Pharma. Do it now.
