The fact that corps can sue states and countries when they disagree with laws that may affect potential profits? Even though voters asked?
Take #isds out of NAFTA renegotiating
Any secret negotiations will not be tolerated. Only having big business execs, bankers & corporate lobbyists involved in talks is nonstarter
@JamesMAstill we would hav done much better without it it cost us a lot we got a bum deal it has to be done over
People need to understand it better. Starting with our President.
Do you understand it? The US trade deficit with Mexico is $58 billion and $15 billion with Canada.
The fact that this is what you point to proves you don't understand it or trade in general apparently
Yeah, but a lot of our jobs went there to do it. Also had to rework everything coming back state side. Double the $$ to finish the product
@SenJohnMcCain I hear #GOP had to show Trump pictures & graphs about  why dissolving #NAFTA  was bad.
Mr. #Trump is an isolationist. Sad!
$500 Billion? GREAT!!! Sounds like we will have plenty of $$ to BUILD THE WALL 
Haha wall is a joke
Tell that to the parents of all the kids dying from drugs from Mexican drug cartels and all the deaths from illegal alien gang violence.
Fix your drug problem then. Thinking a wall will keep drugs out is a joke.
The cartels that use tunnels, planes, vehicles and boats are laughing at border wall gimmick. Nobody transports drugs by foot above ground
Seriously. Youve never seen that? Need a photo?
Your ignorant President needs an education in NAFTA, UN, NATO, etc.  He always says, I had no idea NATO, NAFTA, etc was so important.
Corps got most, some lower consumer prices & millions of poor Mexicans benefitted meanwhile USA industrial cities / workers holding the bag.
NAFTA did a great job at destroying the American Appliance Manufacturing base.  How many appliances are still made in American now?
we import more  than we export. Not NAFTA fault.
It needs to include a paragraph on Mexico paying for the wall!
why? Trump already said Mexico will pay.....did something change? Did someone lie?
How much of the 500 million trade dollars goes from US to either Mexico or Canada and how many jobs has it cost the US, Mr Flake?
You are nothing but a flake and an embarrassment to the people of the United States
The trade deficit of $58 billion.
For once I totally agree with you.
id inagine flake that goods cost a little more now nfta sucks
For once, I agree. And NO BORDER WALL.
Trade deficit of $58B. The largest imports are vehicles & electric machinery some of which represents loss manufacturing jobs for the U S.
.@JeffFlake Does this mean your Trump-rating will fall to 99%?
Sure, support the safe things. How about demanding the president's tax returns? We need to know! Maybe you're too afraid?
our trade deficit has exploded to 10x what it was. US jobs have been lost, while MX has profited from our loss. That's what's not to like.
Now that's a simple statement.
That's an over simplification that doesn't take into consideration other factors that increase trade naturally or inflation
look at all the facts, not just those that agree with your position.
trade may have gone up between US and MEX, but so did the trade deficit.
Jeff - don't let Trump screw this up. It's ok to tweak it
Stop #TrumpStupidity
And really, your tweet is nice, but when you vote almost 100% in line w/ #Trump, it is ultimately meaningless.
Tell that to your pal, @realDonaldTrump who has admitted to not really understanding how NAFTA or anything else in our government works.
We get screwed, lose all our factories, lowest wages in 19 yrs...what's not to love?
And what's the balance of trade that's what is most important?
Tell YOUR POTUS the deal.  Looks like Pres. Bannon is rearing his ugly head about NAFTA
Thank you for that bit of information Senator. My question, at what point will you finally stand up and say "enough is enough"?  
THE IMBALANCE! Come on Senator. I expect better from you.
Do you have enough courage to stand for people?
Much is missing in your accounting.  e.g. Where is the contingent liability for exporting the pollution? Or benefits paid to the displaced?
@benshapiro what 25 years of growth? But is it 'fair' trade ?
Trump was wrong about NAFTA and free trade in general during the campaign.
Thank you for understanding NAFTA. Did you get my 17 page presentation on healthcare
Ooh, you know what would help to continue those great trade relations?  Putting a giant wall between our countries!
The loss of jobs? It's the only thing as a Republican I don't like and thats NAFTA we lost a lot of jobs
Actually- the issue is that not one cent went into investing in new jobs & skills opportunity and markets in the US.  And hidden liabilities
CDN
Crippling of industries (manufacturing)
Trade good jobs with pensions & benefits for P/T work
Destruction middle class & loss of taxes
Keep telling Trump to keep NAFTA. Maybe improve it, but definitely keep it.
So...  why did you support a presidential candidate who was openly against NAFTA?
Because it's one sided Rino !
@benshapiro What about whatever adjusted for inflation?
Trading high paying manufacturing jobs 4 lower paying agricultural jobs filled by illegal Mexicans..doesn't seem like a great deal Senator..
What's not to like? Donald Trump.
Man, I am ashamed that he represents my state. Only voted for him because he was the lesser of 2 evils but really regretting it.
W/ #Obamacare pre-existing conditions are covered. W/ Trump/Congress plan, we are thrown under the bus. What's to like? Sincerely, #Arizona
@benshapiro richer rich, more dumb gadgets for the lower class.  Much good, but good overall?  Tough topic indeed!
stupid assessment.Canadian&Mexican companies are using govt subsidies to lower their cost and make it impossible to US companies to compete.
You.
Maybe cheap products?
.@JeffFlake @benshapiro The fact that the GDP doesn't put food on your table if you lose your job in service to it?
Reality... most profits/jobs go to??? You got it Mexico... The devil's in the details Mr Flake!
Why don't you ask your fellow Senators from NC it killed the textile industry
The trade deficit??
"Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain."
Big annual deficits? #JustGuessing
Too much ONE WAY STREET!!!
How about all that Americans that lost their jobs so a few Multi national companies that don't pay taxes make most of the US's 225 billion
$500 billion in what direction?
The question is who did it benefit?  Chain stores?  Y Wall Street? Y Normal Americans?  Not so much.  Time for a cross border dialogue.
Oh ffs, really?
Supply Side Economic heaven. Feel that trickle down my children!  #Blessings
Yes, but how much did @realDonaldTrump and his family make in Mexico and Canada?
Obviously not enough so ........,
I would think $ going in one direction isn't a good thing and doing more of it is hardly worth crowing about.
You're going down in 2018. Hope all those kickbacks will still be there after you go to jail for what you've done.
I don't actually hope that. I hope you're broke and need to work at a min wage job
You can't be that dumb, Jeff. Seriously? How dumb do you think we are?
that Americans workers are totally screwed
A meaningless number without knowing what % of that increase belongs to Mexico and what to the USA.
Can you elaborate on which country and its citizens benefited the most from NAFTA or did both benefit equally?
Does it matter who benefited the most, or is it fuck the rest as long as the US makes the most?
Wasn't worth answering. Both countries & their citizens should benefit equally from such a deal. Tough to compete on uneven playing field.
So if a trade deal doesn't benefit the two countries equally, then there's no point in doing a trade deal?
Not when it is as lopsided as this one.
Prove it then
Prove what?
That it's lopsided
The trade deficit
Is irrelevant
Yeah if you don't care about further bankrupting our country and destroying it's economic future
Hope you make the media circuits standing up for NAFTA. You're going to have to shout loudly to be heard POTUS knows nothing about trade
And millions of Americans benefited w/ cheaper goods.I know that's no consolation to you but that's progress.Some ppl lose.Hope u r ok now.
How about that we  have a trade deficit ? You can't be that ignorant can you
POTUS plummeted the peso yesterday and our entire country owes every individual Mexican an apology for posturing of a POTUS w/no knowledge
I learned in high school econ that all trade combined is neutral. But it should be fair and free (as much as possible)
There's plenty not to like about NAFTA but it only affects <1% of GDP. More importantly a distraction from real issues
Nope - not a distraction. It's a MASSIVE drain on American jobs.
The problem is unskilled workers. Demand a jobs training program! Invest in our own!
I have heard that 10 minute conversations work so tell the President.
ding ding ding...exactly

Oh...but Jeff would have you believe that Americans don't want factory jobs, or that we can't get those jobs back. WAL-MART is not a career!
Sounds like you are really a democrat in republican clothing! A mole if you will. Keep up the good fight
Cheap cars built in Mexico.
Your ignorant President doesn't study up on important things like NAFTA, NATO, healthcare, the UN, etc.  He wants to deconstruct government.
He thinks they are "obsolete ".  Later he confesses "We had no idea.... was so important ".  Stupid, ignorant Trump
The President doesn't like it, but he's a moron.
Maybe if congress had done its job over the years and slowly improved tntings for those who lost because of NAFTA this wouldn't be an issue
that only the 1% get the benefits, sir. Thank you very much
Actually trade benefits everyone through lower prices for goods, plus creates jobs. 5 million jobs rely on trade with Mexico.
it does, but in this one US corps., Canadians & Mexicans corps & citizens prospered, while US citizens starved
Nope, I suggest you research more. US is better off with NAFTA.
I have... Lived it. From MI buddy.
90% of manuf. jobs lost since 2000 are due to automation and efficiency - not trade. That's 500k.
Jobs that rely on trade pay more and far outnumber manufacturing. No-skill manuf. jobs were always going to die off.
I agree, and that's were they failed. Due to high cost of education in US, many were not, and are not ready.
This. This is not to like.
You mean that lead-filled poison disguised as candy?
