Even when that financial advise is to make them more money then their client?
Fiduciary rules are designed to protect consumers from potential rip-offs & scams.  They now have have less.  Thx
yes cause we shouldn't protect people from exploitive practices. That makes perfect sense.
otherwise who will look out for the poor wall bankers?
stop spamming me with telemarketing calls
allow institutions to act in their own self interest, not the customer's? Just how is that good for seniors?
beautiful!rule made so FAs can't screw low incomers. fine with you. FAs are the biggest leeches in society.
Which investment firms lined your pockets so you'd support this? Please, do tell.
Its not about access to financial advice. Its about them putting their clients welfare first. #indivisible ppl over corps
Advice wasn't being denied it was ensuring that advice was a true benefit to the investor not profit 4 the advisor...jeez
A shameful, demonstrably false and misleading statement. How much does the banking industry pour into your campaign coffers?
Huh?  Even if it's not in the senior's best interest?
are you naive or callous? 2
Is that really what its about, or is it about allowing advisers to not act as fiduciaries?  I know who that benefits.
Jeff Flake with his finger on the pulse here ...
So confused! Fiduciary rule protects them! Is this Doublespeak?
I often wonder - is it that you know you're doomed in 2018, or is it that you know you're safe thanks to vote suppression?
Payday loans, anyone?
no wonder you're afraid to talk to your constituents #FireFlake
they're going to need that access when you help take away their health care & SS.
It's not being denied.  It's allowing hidden fees to be charged again. Marching with Wall Street.  No in 18
But the gov't SHOULD protect all of us from dishonest financial planners!

Do you have so little shame that you took the time to tweet out this lie? There's a special place in hell for those who cheat the elderly.
Keep up all this nonsense coming.  It will make great tv ads when you are running for reelection
eliminating the fiduciary rule also allows the "investment advisors" to cheat average citizens  I know, it happened to me
.@JeffFlake @USDOL Again, selling out the public under the guise of "choice" and "freedom". We see what you're doing.
Rule requires retirement advisers to put the interests of clients ahead of their own. #CorporateShill
I worked in that world & saw brokers churn little old ladies' accounts to make commission quotas. Fiduciary rule would protect. 1
You'll just say anything your financial services bosses tell you to say, won't you?  This one doesn't even make sense.
WOW! I'm questioning if you really don't understand this or are just towing the party line.
Low income savers and seniors are the people who *most* need to work with someone who cares about their interests.
shame on you Sen. Flake, everyone is entitled to ethical advice from a fiduciary.
War is peace, freedom is slavery, and ignorance is strength, right Flake?  @USDOL
How do you feel about pay day loans.  Are they good for low income folks too. This is total nonsense. shame.
At this point I just follow you on fb &twitter bc the comments are so funny. Is there any group of AZ voters you havent upset?
this is just wrong headed. The Fiduciary standard is a standard all should have access to. Period.
#replaceflakes #2018iscoming #votesforthieves #liarliarpantsonfire #doesntrepresentcd8 #wallstreetpuppet #howdoyousleep
Seriously!Do u even UNDERSTAND what a fiduciary is? They WORK FOR the people. This will help thieves. You gotta go #2018election
The fiduciary rule protects them from being ripped off by Wall Street financial corporations.
You can't be serious. This means open season on uneducated consumers by financial advisors/brokers.
You just supported a bill that all but guarantees that your own constituents will be ripped off. #traitor
#ResolutionofInquiry
Senator, this is obvious nonsense. It only makes low income savers & seniors eligible to be ripped off.
so you think it's okay for an advisor to push investments that make him $ even if I lose $?   #replaceflake2018 @IndivisibleofAZ
you are making a joke, right?  Another roll-back that favors Wall Street, eliminates consumer protection.
What about the people getting bad advice? Happening all the time to the elderly. Who looks out for them?
this is total & complete BS and you know it. Open the door to people getting scammed and taken advantage of
when will you have that town hall so I can tell you how stupid this idea is.
sorry, but right now, your focus should only be on #Trumprussia
Or in another words, financial advisors shouldn't be required to put the interests of their clients first.
Should be prima facia- The fiduciary rule requires retirement advisers to put the interests of clients ahead of their own.
Regulations foster trust in the financial system. Without trust there is no investment in rigged banks, funds, stocks etc
shame on you!  The people you pay to give you financial advice should act in your best interest. How can you disagree with that?!
shame on you! This is about preventing abuse not access to advise. But you know that!
@brahmresnik @USDOL @YahooFinance  can't even right now...
especially since you overturned the rule where they don't have to give best advice for consumer.
This is a bad thing. Advisors don't have to act in their clients best interest anymore. Are you that stupid?
no he thinks we are
the rule didn't deny anyone access to financial advice. It banned advisers from defrauding people.
actually this is bad for investors, dummy
Instead of removing protections for consumers, maybe do something about @realDonaldTrump and his Russia ties?
But financial advisors should be allowed to takes senior's $ without disclosing fees?  Flake you are gone! #ReplaceFlake
@POTUS @CalPERS Retirement Investors Want The Retirement Too @Reuters @usedgov
Thank goodness. I would quit being a broker rather than put the interests of the investor above my interest in commissions.
Nonsense! Gov't should prevent them from being scammed and having their savings skimmed
Great job Sen. Flake.
