Our entire travel party is safe and accounted for following the situation in Barcelona today. Our thoughts are with the people affected.
Stay strong Jeff. People you don't even know are rooting for you
Yes we are! History will be on your side!  You are strong and that makes the donald thrash more!  Devil rages harder against good
Kelli Ward for senate
Vote Flake out for 2018!
That is a truly nice sentiment. Still hope your voted out next election.
why haven't your colleagues in the house moved to #ImpeachTrump? #DoSomethingGOP
Currently registered independent in AZ.  Will be registering as a Republican to vote for you in the primary Senator.
But are you going to keep us safe next Tuesday? Work with Mayor Stanton to keep the Neo-Nazi's out of our town Senator...for OUR safety!
FLAKE IS THE FAMOUS ARIZONA SNOW FLAKE
BLOCKED
No you're not Flake. You are thinking about the mid-terms.  I see you sold about 100 books on Amazon, LMFAO
Not enough to compensate next year loss of election to Kelli Ward. Good luck POS
The Kelli that Trump is backing?  No thanks.  I'll support @JeffFlake as long as he stands up to that creep!
You are such a flake! By jyst name itself make me  throw up!
Are you thinking about the victims of illegal immigrant invaders!? job loss and tax burden to all of Arizona!?
Keep speaking up!   We've got your back!
Better start thinking about getting an apartment in AZ because after losing the primary you'll need to be out of D.C.  Then again, K street
While U get bullied by our 8th grader president,you think of others.Keep up the great work.We will donate.Independent thinkers needed in US
Azleader reduced 4 failing2 2 stand up2Trumps disgusting behavior&morally vacant leadership! U hav lost respect of this lifelong Dem in Az!
Stay strong
What about the families in Tucson that live in fear due to the weak border?  The drugs poring in killing our youth?
I thought calling a pres flake would be disrespectful but next time I'm asked to be I can refer to what this pres called Sen Flake
Sen Flake... please get the Republicans to speak up for us. Denounce him by name. Thanks.
Yo seeing flour and moke
Let me guess, Russian is your 1st language  #PutinBot
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake SAY NO to an Arpaio pardon!!! He did the crime, he MUST do the time!!! #tiredofexcuses #keeptrumpoutofAZ
I agree. Don't be bullied into that! Or repealing Magnitsky!
You only think of yourself! Go Kelli Ward!
Thank you for standing up to Trump, nice to see an elected official not afraid to call out out a bully.
Flake a dedicated follower of fashion. We've all seen this act before. All about me too.
I don't agree with everything you did (Yes vote on GOP health care bill) but the way you stand up to Trump when he is so wrong? 
Yo primary challenge this fool in 20/20 Jake for VP
I guess I had better listen to sports now. In one ear out the other as to where team was.
Some people say you are not a Trump puppet, but you have given him 95% of your votes... you are guilty of Trump's maladies by association.
FLAKE THIS IS FOR YOU #MAGA

Missouri senator says @POTUS should be assassinated. & Media rejects the term "Alt Left"? Violence, threats and efforts to silence=Alt left!
@jaketapper @APlayersProgram 
Senator, heard trump assured you of 100,000 votes today! 
Do you condem the terrorist attack?
Isn't that such a cute statement?
"So glad all are safe."? What a putz.
How can you stand being disrespected like you are by this fake President? Who does that to members of their own party? Time for him to go.
If you can't, maybe congress is not the best place for you, just saying.
Don't you think you should be responding to Trump who called you a flake and toxic? Stand up for yourself man.
Your seat is not safe. Prepare for the unemployment line, traitor!
Basketball isn't a focus right now. Why aren't you, and the rest of the politicians working on getting Trump out? 25th amendment, baby!
Jeff I am your biggest critic, however because king Chetto is backing Keli i decided work with you and give you the middle for the win.
Ill be in touch we have mutual friends.
You are out in 2018!
When are you going to begin impeachment proceedings against Trump?Enough with GOP's fake talk and white identity politics.
Flake goes away in 2018! Bad for AZ. Bad for our president (AZ DID vote 4 him! & ur supposd 2 represent us!). Bad 4 US Freedom of Speech
Don't want to wait for all the facts? I heard one side doesn't have a permit #ImpeachTrump #DoSomethingGOP
Good to see that Jefff Flake is not a Trump puppet....one of the first GOP senators not buckling under to Trump...you'll gain more voters
Lincoln said, I am not for slavery, I am not against slavery, I just want to win the war
Thank you Jeff for being honest!!
Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord, and let Perpetual Light Shine upon them. May their souls rest in peace. Amen.
Tell Trump to stay away from AZ.
Tell @POTUS 2 come more & then tell him to tell Arizonans 2 say "You're Fired Flake!"  Terrible on the baseball field & supporting Prez.
Putting all of my money against your reelection.
Can't wait till u are voted out of office
Think your out of state trolls will save you in the primaries? NOT
I like your spunk, if you know what I mean.
Wow safe travels
Yeah right...#nomoreFlake
@APlayersProgram I hear U of Oregon team there as well.  Have heard nothing thus far
#WithFlake
