I'm sure he'll be given just as fair a hearing and vote as Merrick Garland.
is bought & paid for.  #flakeout2018

You are in the pocket of the GOP and DT.  #ambition Too bad you lack #integrity. Hopes, dashed.  #azFamSince1889.
looking forward to getting voted out? You down with fascism??
Can't wait for you to come up for a negative vote from me
and I'll work hard to vote you out of office at election time! Zip: 85373 #Resist
how much did they pay you?
I wish I knew what would happen when I gave you my vote, you are bad for AZ
you work hard for everyone but your constituents.  #2018GTFO #shameonyou #GoingToHell
Hey Jeffy - was it as good as your meeting with Judge Garland when he was nominated?  Oh..wait..
Georgetown Prep. Harvard Law School. So tiresome to keep appointing these insulated, privileged people.
#ImpeachTrump  and Senator Flake
very disappointing,obstruction on Garland, voting for unqualified Devos, supporting Sessions, you are damaging our democracy.
Can tell #NeilGorsuch was uncomfortable in this exchange.
A private and honest man dealing with a someone who loves the camera = @JeffFlake
and I will work hard to ensure you are not reelected
Registered in AZ and I vote... and like many, so very many, say no to you in 2018. You're not for Arizona. You're for yourself.
So now you're meeting with SCOTUS nominees?
Confirm Gorsuch after giving Garland his hearing and voting no. Otherwise you are being a hypocrite
please make sure he understands the check and balance system of the judiciary. We don't need a judge in Trump's pocket.
You say he will be a good justice for conservatives (yay us). What about liberals? YOU are SUPPOSED to represent ALL Arizonans.
Sure supporting the so-called Pres. of Fascism Forever club is just a peachy idea. Proof that crazy is contagious #StopGorsuch
"Work hard"? What does that mean? All the R's votes are bought and paid for. The work has been done for you.
he's checking with Betsy to see what he owes you.
he's an illegitimate nominee. you thugs stole Obama nominee and should not under any circumstances have Gorsuch on #SCOTUS
Veterans are still suffering at the Phoenix VA Medical Center and surly you have lost my vote. Your office has failed veterans!
you don't vote according to your constituents. Only what your master wants. You have forgotten you serve tge people not DT
you will lose your next election because you refuse to act as a representative of the people. Promoting racist philosophy
Disappointed Merrick Garland, qualified by bipartisan standards, was not given the same courtesy. Signed, AZ resident/voter.
I will  be campaigning for someone else after his Devos vote, trump support and national security risks, he ignores!
you are so living up to your name.
how much did the Gorsuch family pay for your vote?
pls elaborate why! While you're at it, why DeVos? Why Sessions? Your Twitter feed of constituent opposition has been ignored.
85383. I will be voting in 2018--your bote for DeVos was a sellout. What about Judge Garland?  Shameful hypocrite, sir.
I sure hope the constituents you've ignored outnumber your loyal sheep,2018 I'll be voting against you!You could at least ack us!
We know you fall in line and do what you are told.  You have proved that. Sellout.
only thing you're working hard at doing is screwing over working people of the United States and putting money in your pocket
I would be fine with him if YOU had not stolen an appointee from the last president........ where is your integrity?
Gorsuch is probably a good man, but your accepting and approving of Trump's decisions is below decency and dignity.
I feel bad for you man. Living with that much hypocrisy must weigh on your soul.
don't you mean Garland??? #hypocrite #principles #doyourjob
.@JeffFlake People of AZ: this dude ONLY cares about conservatives. Show him why someone who cares about ALL of AZ should win in #2018!
you keep choosing party over country and constituents.
and I'm going to work hard to make sure you aren't elected in 2018. Thanks for ignoring your people. @sshate.

you're a coward! DeVos shouldn't have been a partisan issue! You had the chance to do the right thing and you failed our children
. And I will work harder to ensure you never hold office again.
back to the 1800's. This nomination was stolen from Garland Merrick. DON'T CONFIRM GORSUCH! @SenJohnMcCain
Another rubber stamp. Are you listening to your constituents ?  We elected you, we can remove you #resist #VIGILANCE
Between this and DeVos, I see you do not represent your constituents and for that you must be ousted in 2018.
can't wait to vote you out!
You're Toast Buddy.
Count me in.
...so be afraid, be very afraid because the political tsunami is coming...
...and I have never given money to political candidates, nor have I ever protested, until now. Many of us are first-timers.
And wecwill work to see you out of office next term. I will give money to your opponent.
once again showing you are not here for your constituents.  #outin2018
And I will work hard to be sure you lose your seat
You mean Garland? Uh no? Didn't meet with him? Strange isn't it.
You might as well go for two very piss poor decisions in a row. You find it comfortable being in deference to trump, don't you ?
is that what your AZ constituents have been calling and asking you to do?  Just like DeVos? #youshouldbeashamed
the state of AZ is not impressed with you of late, Senator.
Thanks for always backing up your constituents who voted you in! We love that our voices are heard. NOT! #ReplaceFlake2018
You are out in 2018. We don't need some right wing lunatic. We need centrist justice.
terrible, I'll work hard to make sure you aren't reelected
Yes me too!
U are making ur staffers take brunt of voter anger at town halls this week instead of facing  ppl u disenfranchised. Well played
how about you work hard for us, your AZ constituents? You've let us down, so we will vote you out in 2018.
Unrelated note: Disgraceful that you voted for unqualified DeVos. Just letting you know, 2018 will be hell.
This seat was stolen from Garland and we will remember in 2018
Save ur faux outrage when Dems delay Gorsuch as u did Garland. Practice what u preach- nvrmind u hate lgbtq, dont practice that.
While I disagree with Gorsuch, as I did with Scalia, both were/are decent men who I have no doubt will be capable justices.
after your vote for Betsy Devos it's clear you're not representing the will of your constituents.
I think you should be ashamed of your duplicity in stealing the seat!
You are a huge disappointment to a lot of Arizonans who will be out for your skin in 2018.
Well atleast you'll be working hard on something. You couldnt be bothered to work hard to find a qualified Sec of Education
I thought the court wasn't supposed to be @ politics, yet you're singling out his conservative politics??
of course you would sell us all out with this pick just like DeVos #shameful #2018
Too bad you didnt give Garland a chance. I guess only Dems are required to show decorum.
Will he be a "so called" judge or a real one?
Coming for you Jeff! You're out in 2018. #Arizona #resist
Amen to that.
Sorry, if u think DeVos is qualified then you have no credibility
There's nothing mainstream ie middle ground about this guy. But then that's not the kind of Justice you want.
And you will lose support in 2018. I'm a constituent. I'm registered. I vote. I will donate to anyone who runs against you
.@JeffFlake I think I have come to the conclusion that you will vote for who/whatever DJT wants you to vote for. 
#NoPrinciples
That's great but I am more concerned about this foolish #bordertax. That should be DOA.
#Flakeout2018! You sorely disappointed your Az constituents with DeVos!
Merrick Garland was robbed of his confirmation hearing. @SenateGOP robbed the country of its rightful #SCOTUS pick.
Why?  What's your price tag this time?
