- Hey @JeffFlake (or his intern), Just HOW much money does the @NRA give you every year for your “thoughts and prayers?”
A crap load.
- That’s what I thought. Take your heartfelt thoughts and shove ‘em. #midtermsarecoming
Thoughts and prayers are not enough. DO SOMETHING.
and there's nothing do be done about it! i hope that $15k from the gun industry soothes your heart! love you @JeffFlake
How much money have you taken from the @NRA ????
Nope. You don't get a pass on this one. Your heart doesn't mean a thing. Pass responsible #GunControlNow
Sen. Flake, please use your influence and voice to push for tougher gun control laws to prevent more of these types of mass killings!
Do you think the Second Amendment should cover assault rifles?
Then vote for sensible gun control.
Do something about it.  Gun control would be a start.  Not voting for the silencer bill would be another.
Do something about access to automatic weapons then. Armed citizens couldn't stop this horror.

Blah blah blah.
$18,400
What is awful too is that money won't help.
Words are cheap, you're in a position to actually make a difference with more stringent laws. Man up
Maybe you should actually pass laws to curb people's ability to do this instead of just some bullshit "heart goes out crap" slogan.
Your people are dying for your right to bear arms. Please, use your heart to protect the next 58. Enough!
Now can we talk about restricting automatic weapons? Or is it "too soon?" What does it take?
Then have the balls to pass sensible gun controls. Republicans are hypocrites and cowards shaking in fear of the NRA
You’ve had  courage to show independence from Trump. Hope you also have courage to stand up to NRA and take an objective look at gun safety.
They don't need your "heart". What will you do to stop these acts of violence and horror? Who will be the next victims?
Again, talk is cheap.
Keep your heart for yourself. Vote for meaningful gun safety laws.
Nice to have your thoughts and prayers again, AFTER another tragic massacre. Now give us laws to help prevent this BEFORE IT HAPPENS!
Do something about it. We don’t want your sympathy.
But not your vote to give them healthcare. By the way how much did you get from the NRA
Fix HIPPA. Ban the sale of firearms to people on psychotropic meds that cause suicidal or homicidal thoughts or actions
Weren't you at the baseball field shooting? What DON'T you get about the reason for all these mass shootings???? Grow some balls!
Gun control, Senator Flake, gun control. Put your money where your mouth is, that's what you;re elected to do.
Then fucking do something about it....
your heart goes out, but your laws stay the same. #enough
What measures would you support to reduce the chances of something like this happening again?

We need gun control

LV police were so badly outgunned by mad man it took them 2 hrs to enter gunman's hotel room; 

Trump says they got him "quickly"
Complicit
What are YOU going to do to prevent mass shootings in America?
You are 1 of 46 votes that contributed. I'm sure the parents of the 59 dead appreciate your "heart." How about your VOTE #SensibleGunLaws
But refuses to do anything about it as a Republican
Your heart won’t bring the victims back. But your actions as a senator could help prevent another “awful, awful scene” from happening.
You accept donations from the NRA, you have the victims' blood on your hands.
Maybe it's time to vote on some gun-control measures....
Of course, most tv networks talk about the guns.Personal responsibility isn't even mentioned. The man was nuts!
Save your prayers. You are the reason so many died. Vote NO on assault weapons next time. FOOL

Your heart goes out while money from the NRA goes in....nearly $19K!! @JeffFlake

Please take up conversation #guncontrol and saves lives. #CongressDoYourJob
Hypocrite. You're part of the problem, Mr. Flake. You voted NO on "banning high-capacity magazines of over 10 bullets". #killer
Your thoughts and prayers don't mean shit unless you back them up with a solution
You should be on your knees praying for forgiveness as their blood is on your hands. How many thousands of dollars has the NRA given to you?
policy change policy change policy change POLICY CHANGE POLICY CHANGE POLICY CHANGE POLICY CHANGE POLICY CHANGE POLICY CHANGE POLICY CHANGE

Every Member of Congress Who Took Money From the NRA and Tweeted 'Thoughts and Prayers' to Las Vegas @splinter_news http://ow.ly/9SsB30fAAVY 
Stand up to the NRA
Platitudes.
STOP taking money from the NRA so they don't own you and stop you from doing what you are supposed to do. #GunControlNow
Do something about it flake please this is outrageous
Does the #bloodmoney you get from the NRA go out, too?
Another reason you need to be out!
Please get some legislation going that at least begins to address this. The majority of Americans want some gun control.
Then vote to protect Americans from gun violence!  No sales of assault weapons. Background checks always, anywhere! Stand up to NRA!
Then freakin do something Senator! Back away from your NRA buddies and protect average Americans. Our forefathers certainly didn't want this
And my pockets are stuffed by the NRA #GOPcomplicit https://www.facebook.com/NowThisNews/videos/1727482537283229/ …
But what are you going to do about it? You have a voice so speak up against the NRA!
As one of your constituents. I'm begging that you do more than this to prevent it from happening again.
Oh that helps...  do something about it!
Constituent here.  I think I still have that last form letter you sent why you wouldn't support gun control - should I just make a copy now?
Then DO SOMETHING! So tired of seeing stories like this.
We need more gun control. Be a leader, for once.
I wouldn’t worry about your heart, Senator. You can always put the NRA’s money where your heart ought to be.
You know what would be more effective that “heart”/prayers/thoughts? Common sense gun legislation. WWJD? He’d do something, that’s what.
Does that mean you'll finally stop accepting money from the @NRA, or maybe stand up and create legislation? Probably not.
Talk is cheap. How do you sleep at night?
Your heart going out to the victims is far from enough...cars kill and we have laws. Guns kill and NADA.
How about instead of saying “my prayers go out to Vegas” we draft and pass laws that prevent these tragedies from happening!
Politicians should be quiet.  Start looking for a job.  Work on gun control before you go.  Do something!
Your actions i.e. screaming NO MORE! To the NRA and Koch Bros is what the victims need. Enough with the crocodile tears. #RepubsGrowaSpine!!
With no concern for gun safety thanks to the NRA be prepared for more violence to come.
So little to give. Shame.
We don't need your heart. We need your vote on gun control.
You don't care. You could do something, but you won't. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Then please do something to prevent it from happening again. Unless you're okay with this as the new normal!
Sign some legislation that goes out to their families
We need gun regulation, not your heart going out.  Stop taking lobby money from the NRA!
When will Senate do more than send thoughts and prayers? They are worthless! We need common sense gun law reform NOW! #StopTheViolence #stopthehate #CommonSenseGunControl #DoYourJob #NRA #NRATerrorism
Thanks..,  do something lol lol maybe the US to act like every other modern nation and get rid of killing machines??? Naw yr r gop
This wouldn't have happened if you had voted to ban assault weapons instead of getting money and A rating from @NRA. Blood is on your hands.
How about some actual common sense gun control, Senator?  Your kind thoughts are not enough.
Your party condones mass murder. When will you learn.
Will your heart pay their medical bills and fix their permanent medical issues?
I am sure you'll be right there for the uninsured victims and their big $$$ medical bills. Right Jeff??? Right???
350 million Americans can offer their hearts. You're one of 100 Senators, but, of course, you'll do nothing...but if it were a Muslim
So does your NRA A rating come with wet naps for all the blood on your hands or nah? I'm asking for 500 friends.
Bet you $50 the GOP does nothing about it after the thoughts and prayers have all gone away.
RT @CharlesMBlow: Prayer may provide comfort and consolation, but it is POLICY that provides protection and prevention. #LasVegasShootings
No more "thoughts and prayers". Pass some sensible gun laws.
So how do you feel about the legislation to allow people to carry guns into national parks?
We are going to vote you out!!!
How much Jeff? Enough to not accept anymore money from the NRA? That would be a bold move. Otherwise, your words are hollow and fake.
Yes Jeff. Is it awful enough to turn down $$?
Your "heart goes out" cannot whitewash your complicity in this event.  Your "A" rating from the NRA says it all.
I guess this answered my question. Will you continue supporting the NRA? Even after your own experience this year?? http://www.ontheissues.org/Domestic/Jeff_Flake_Gun_Control.htm …
I’m glad your  has feels. Maybe you should use your position to show you really give a damn #guncontrol
Are you voting YES for the Hearing Protection Act, essentially deregulating gun silencers? Good for you!  He could have killed dozens more!
Americans killed on 9/11: 2,996
Days it took Congress to authorize war: 3

Americans killed by guns in 2017: 11,652
Days in 2017 so far: 275
How much money has the NRA paid you to sit by and let this continue to happen?
What are you going to do about it????
maybe more gun control. Don’t protect the NRA any longer
I thought I'm supposed to feel safe under this administration.
Unfortunately you keep prostituting yourself to the NRA, all in the name of campaign cash.
Devastating news. Next steps 1) #SendBackTheBloodMoney you took $6,950 from the #NRA last campaign 2) pass gun reform now.
Then do something. You're a US senator. We dgaf where your heart goes or your prayers. Make positive change!!
R U a senator or nra stooge?
Your words ring hollow based on voting w/the gun lobby & @NRA. You have #LasVegas blood on you hands. Lets see how you vote on silencer bill
"But my vote goes to any lunatic who wants to own a machine gun"
Then please do something about it. #GunControlNow
We'll see where you heart really is when you vote on H.R. 367 later this week.  Blood on your hands...
Your A rating from the NRA shows what you really believe.
Yes, but what about your vote??!!  Time for some real gun law reform!!
Then DO something about it with some legislation for common sense gun reform! Your inaction and support leaves you with blood on your hands!
Assault weapons enable mass murder & silencers help shooter hide. Devastated by #GUNviolence? So are we! Pass #CommonSenseGunControl now!
Maybe something is wrong with the way the 2nd Ammendment is worded.  Maybe it's time for reforms and to set the NRA back on it heel a bit.
Please vote no on HR 3668, as well as the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act,
Your heart does nothing. Do something. Pass stricter gun control laws.
We need solutions, not adjectives.  Do something,  Flake.
You know what else is awful?  Accepting $14,950 from the gun industry at time of voting. #hypocrisy
A stronger statement would be to decline donations from guns rights groups. Concrete action is greater than an emotional response.
Now is not the time to talk about gun control...
Maybe you should take action. Or are you too concerned about letting ISP's sell my information?
Then do something about it. Introduce better gun regulation.
Empty. Hollow. Complicit. #GunControl
REMINDER: 41 Republicans blocked sensible gun legislation, right after the Sandy Hook Massacre.

#LasVegas #LasVegasMassacre #GunControlNow 
Start using your head and work on this bipartisan issue to make America safe!!
Congrats on you consistent A rather no from @NRA. Looking forward to voting you out. #GunControlNow #DoYourJob
Guess that is why you have an A+ rating with the NRA
BUT not enough to do something about it....DO SOMETHING ABOUT GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!!!!
It doesn't matter where you say your heart is - because your voting record is clearly enabling this type of violence. Could Arizona be next?
How about your vote on gun control? Prayer doesn't stop this
We know you'll do nothing...Just like when your colleague Gabby Giffords was shot.
Great. Now how about some common-sense legislation that makes mass shootings less likely to occur?! That seems like a pro-life stance.
Can we designate the NRA as a terrorist organization?
Guns don’t kill, people do.  BUT PEOPLE WITHOUT GUNS DONT KILL 50 AND INJUR 500 IN 10 minutes
You've taken over $18,000 from the NRA. Give more than your 'heart' Give the donations back, and vote for gun safety
Not enough. Quit Voting For NRA.
How about doing something to not let this happen again then?
Please resign!
Gun control legislation. Now. It is past time...
How about fight for stronger gun laws?? America needs ACTION.
http://www.ontheissues.org/Domestic/Jeff_Flake_Gun_Control.htm …
Screw your prayers.  try enacting gun control laws. And BTW, this was an act of domestic terrorism, call it that!!
You voted against the assault weapons ban. 
Your words mean nothing.
Your voting record says you do not care one bit about these victims, Senator.
So, what are you going to do about it?
you are part of the cause give crazies the right to buy guns make sense Flake?
How about gun control? #defeattheNRA
Good thing you failed and they still have health insurance!
Please say no to the NRA and say yes to controlled gun registration and sales. We have lost too many lives already. We need #GunControl
Let’s import Syrian refugees and deport white men with automatic weapons
You can actually do something about this!! #CHIPexpiredSept30
