Great! How about doing something about trump, now...or are you okay with selling our future down the river?
One of my last Republican holdouts that I'd still vote for, but you don't care about my kids future, so it's Dems now.
thanks, fraud
I hope 2018 wakes up a lot of constituents in #AZ. It was a sad night for teachers, parents, and children.
.@JeffFlake Your confirmation vote for #BetsyDeVos was a big loss for education & for AZ, already scraping bottom. So sorry you did this.
yeah to bad the other agencies that support the federal government and programs aren't as lucky. Oh but u got ur job.
You're done.  2018, you're done.
and unqualified , but big donor DeVos confirmed with your vote. Big loss for AZ children and education!
Really?? And what's the word on protecting animals? Animal rights? Etc.?
unlike Devos
As one of your constituents, please do not vote yes on Sessions, read the letter that Warren was not allowed to.
pretty good considering seasonal workers mainly come from other states you still suck
There's no better indicator you're on Trump train than rubber stamping every one of his decisions. You're so disappointing
Senator Flake - It should have never happened in the first place. It just shows how incompetent the White House has been.

Because a hiring freeze is STUPID?!!!
Very disappointed that you voted to silence Senator Warren last night.
What's the deal with voting to silence Coretta King's letter. Why? How is this in interests of Arizona?
next I suppose the cat in the tree is now safe. Tough sleeping @ night sorting out all the IOU'S but you are still public servant
I am appalled that Sen Warren was not allowed to tell the truth about a candidate for a cab. post because the cand. is a Sen
Gloat about it over at  fox. Preach to your choir.
like you had anything to do with that.  You are out Trump puppet!
Start looking for a new job! #TheResistance
Thanks for fixing the problem you created, I guess.
Really? We're celebrating that our govt won't let AZ burn to the ground? Oh, and DeVos vote.Face it. We don't like you anymore
Washington is burning...who cares about this..your support of Devon is irresponsible given financial straits of AZ schools
Hooray, government!
No reason they should be exempt.  AZ should suffer just like everyone else.  No need for big guvment!
go loser our schools are gone and you pat your self on the back for one success hope you enjoy your family time next year
Deflect much?  Betsy DeVos vote was bought and paid for.  Constituents don't matter. Will remember this in voting booth.
you know what's not a big win for AZ? You're vote for DeVos.  You should be ashamed of yourself.  AZ deserves better.
So you think it's fire season?
could you be any more of a traitor to the teachers of your state! What a jerk!
Start representing all of your constituents.  2018 will not forget 2017 votes you make.  Country before party.
Too bad Federal hiring freeze is so dumb!
And yet, how many other crucial positions won't get filled due to an overreaching hiring freeze?
Unless we can apply that federal hiring freeze to DeVos, you're not getting off that easy, Jeffey. We won't forget.
Unlike our nation's children. #NoonDeVos . Way to lose.
That's not a win. That's just holding the line in one tiny place. Now save our science, our parks and our children!
what about the rest of the federal jobs that need filled Jeff? #panderbearflake
big loss too. You chose lining your pockets instead of our children. You're a hack!
You know what's not a big win for AZ. That #DeVosvote. Kick Jeff Flake out of office in 2018.
DeVos wants a return on her 47 million dollar investment to the Repub. party.  She got it.  You helped make sure of that.
I'm pretty sure she "had you" with her yearly check to your campaign.
Is that your payment for ignoring your constituents and confirming an incompetent to the DOE?
you claim the federal hiring freeze is good, but you want exemptions? Why? Why are these employees good and others are bad?
you are no longer qualified to represent AZ.
big loss for our children today. You failed our kids. #noDevos
that's great news!!! I can't wait for the teacher hiring freezes on the way for underfunded public schools across America. Thanks

we see you supported Betsy DeVos. Don't expect the same support in 2018. #VoteThemOut
your last name says it all
Like you had anything to do with it.
Oh and your vote for Devos just put another nail in the coffin of the AZ education system. I couldn't be more disgusted.
what about other land agencies?
What a win for AZ. Imagine that, the Trump administration's"crash & burn" strategy doesn't apply to our forests *sigh*
too bad you voted for Unqualified Devos. Look forward to donating and calling against you. #2018
Big loss for horses and puppies, you shill. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/02/usda-animal-welfare-puppy-mills-trump-humane-society …
I encourage you to work with others in the Senate to come up with a similarly big win on the Travel Ban.
A "big win" that was needed only because an unnecessary  problem was originally created by the President, correct?
Cool for Firefighters. How about EVERYONE ELSE? Also can't wait for public ed. to be a pocket bible & broken abacus.Thanks
Your vote will be moving funds from already poorly funded schools to richer neighborhood ones. That's GOP textbook.
is it 2018 yet? Say bye bye you sell out Flake
You sold out and voted to confirm DeVos. Big loss for AZ's public ed, huge loss for Arizona's children.  Shame on you.
It shouldn't have to be a win!  It should be a given!  Reason for hiring freeze in the first place?!?!
@MacandGaydos @USDA Disappointed in you Jeff. DeVos bought your vote. Thought the GOP still had a shred of common sense. Nope.
Listen to the people you represent. She is UNQUALIFIED.
Okay on that and on helping our Vets but not DeVoss.
Vote Flake out in 2018!!! Please RT!
shame on you! We're going to hound you in your office every single day. How dare you vote against the will of the people.
So Forest fires won't drive grizzly bears to schools with guns for bear protection. Good call, Jeff. #keepourkidssafe
good, we will need them while @BetsyDeVos burns our ed system to the ground along with our children's futures.
too little too late. You should not have voted for DeVos. #ReplaceFlake2018 @Arizona_Strong @AZ4Change @Indivisible
cool, wow. Does that make you feel better about all the people you burned today with your cabinet votes.
Wow big win for Arizona, but you don't care about our teachers and students in AZ.  Sellout!
literally from Snowflake
question who is your opponent for 2018. I would love to donate to them. Hopefully they do what's best for the kids
you can't distract us. AZ voters know you sold your vote at our children's expense. We will not forget.
What about Devos? Making AZ education worse than it already is. You clearly only care about your donors and not your constituents
nice attempt at misdirection. Bought and paid for flake. You can buy your senators vote.
Great, now all the teachers that will lose their jobs can have a backup plan...
just got word that you don't care about our children's education! This just in: WE WILL REMEMBER AND VOTE YOU OUT!
great, you shoulda voted against DeVos, big loss for AZ!
SHAME
big loss for AZ & the country with your sellout vote to confirm DeVos! We won't forget that when 2018 comes around FYI.
having to cheer the hiring of seasonal firefighters as a "big win" in the richest country on earth is #Sad!
@FOX10Phoenix @USDA Flake you are a sellout! You did nothing to achieve this and have made it clear you don't care about AZ
@FOX10Phoenix @USDA Support your Pres and your party.
Sorry, but your party put the freeze in effect in the first place. Vote 4 DeVos means you are with them. No kudos for you!
2 years
- I'm sure you'll cut those jobs if the right donor came along. Why not privatize firefighting, too...
just got word that you don't care about the future of our children and don't want to be re-elected in 2018. Congratulations!!!!
why are you making each group fight for exemptions?  Just end the stupid hiring freeze!
Nice distraction. Can't wait to see how #DeVos affects our near lowest rated public schools in America. Big LOSS for AZ.
what about the missing animal inspection reports?
that is nice after you abandoned our children!
in the confusion and turmoil created there will probably be less
stop campaigning.  We won't forget that you didn't listen to your constituents and voted no for education by voting yes.
Just got word you don't know shit about educational qualifications for someone nominated based on campaign contribution favors.
I hope all first responders are exempt. We want government to be more efficient, but people's lives come first.
By the way, why did you vote for Betsy DeVos?  Because of her qualifications?
But their children get DeVos, thanks Jeff
still voting you out, can't wait.
Don't talk about a win for AZ after you voted for DeVos.
Nice attempt to divert that you are a total sellout for the children of Arizona. 2018 can't come too soon. #Change
Just like Betsy DeVos?  You have betrayed AZ's children for part politics #resist
the federal hiring freeze is a joke only your brainless party could impose. Nice win bud.
Just got word you sold out the US public school system. We said no; we won't forget.
This is good news! Our children are still disappointed in you though. You should have voted no on DeVos.
just got word you sold out our children’s futures.
His last name says it all.He and his party care only for the rich and big business.
