FLAKE=>U on the secret Trump/Bannon/Russia payroll 2 try 2make us look other way?Ur constituents demand a Town Hall!
no we don't we need to get u out of office for those views.
you want to be able to push ur right wing agenda!! #noflake18
FOLLOW OUR PRESIDENT! I've worked 40+yrs for my social security. I've earned it! Don't touch it!!
can we find a way to vote to join another circuit?
How about saving ACA & Medicare, and investigating Trump's ties to Russia & his tax returns?
yes Trumps tax returns & Russia connections. Save us or leave office!
No, we need to get you out of the Senate.
they may go before you #racistgop member, but they'll be back- you won't! @BrandNew535 #BrandNewCongress
No. we need to get Russia out of our politics, Tumps tax returns and a better AZ. Senator
We would much rather you focus on quality healthcare at an affordable price; reducing the deficit and equality 4 all
sounds like what you want is a court willing to rubber stamp anti-science legislation https://www.biologicaldiversity.org/news/press_releases/2017/mexican-gray-wolf-02-16-2017.php … @CenterForBioDiv
Well I want a court that believes in the constitution!
I do, too. I want a court that weighs cases on their legality not pressure from business or others.
this is nothing more than a dodge to elect/install a judge to rule your way.
NO. Your party and beliefs are killing this country. Good bye in 2018!! #FlakeNews #flake #arizona #Trumprussia
time to stop with the "most overturned federal circuit court" argument; http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2017/feb/10/sean-hannity/no-9th-circuit-isnt-most-overturned-court-country-/ …
So 79% is too high!
well, yeah, it sure ain't great.
Disagree!!  Leave our courts alone!
The 9th circuit can protect this country from Trump. Something u have no interest in doing
NO! NO! NO!  We have an election hacked by Russia, Trump doing real damage....get your priorities in order!
You just want to control the outcome like the so-called president. Like republicans, it's ok to cheat for power!
No gerrymandering.  9th circuit stays as is.
Someone sure must be giving u lots of $$ 2 harp on that non-stop. Why don't u work on REAL AZ issues? Have Town Hall?
NO WE DO NOT.  WE NEED TO GET YOU OUT OF OFFICE B-4 YOU REALLY EMBARRASS YOURSELF OR US MORE THAN YOU ALREADY HAVE.
Idaho just let off boy who raped disabled teen w/coat hanger. Are those the kind of judges you're looking for in your new court?
That will not help the American people.
100 Grey Wolves vs hundreds of thousands of cattle. I would say they are still endangered, but cows aren't.
This is what you're focused on? Care to comment on the train wreck of a cabinet in the WH, that YOU voted in? #Sessions #perjury
Get AZ out of the 9th!
You only want to leave 9th Circuit because they are too "liberal" for your tastes. Not us, as in AZ! Stay in the 9th!
Leave the 9th Circuit alone! You just want to pack the judiciary with reactionary cronies
NOT
You are ignoring your constituents' real concerns. Pols who stop listening to push their own agenda get voted out.
Not the most overturned circuit. If you want them to be less busy get AZLeg to stop sending unconstitutional laws.
Much bigger issues than this.  Support independent investigation of ties between Trump administration and Russia.
Kind of feel like you have bigger issues that actually matter to your constituents. Pay attention. #flakeout
2.) your email refers to "stakeholders" -that term applies to EACH of us. Including those want nature left for future
Because some Senate declined to fill the dozens ofempty Federal Judicial Seats? As GOP hamstrings functions/complains
All One Term Flake is doing is supporting AZ Legislature with it's Unconstitutional bills Pandering to his base
Good work.  DYK @USFWS jaguar  recovery goals are impossible to achieve? < 0.01% of jaguar population & <1% of range are in USA.
USFWS wants to spend $101MM per potential jaguar in US. Carrying capacity of 6. All 6  could be male.
STOP! Leave 9th circuit as it is. Listen to your constituents for a change. Stop Trump's dismantle of US safety net.
senator, with all due respect I disagree as these tensions sustain our democracy and separate us from a dictatorship
We need to get Flake out of Az!
This is SO far down on priority list.
Long overdue.
we really need to get AZ out of the 9th circuit please do all you can. My friends and family support you! AZ natives
Checks and balances are essential to our system of government. Congress has forfeited there. The court is essential.
no
this is a ridiculous priority right now.
no, you need to get out of the pocket of extractive industries and get to work for the people.
In today's turbulent political times if that's a priority for you then you certainly are asking to be voted out.
yea, we heard you the first 100 times you mentioned it and you're still wrong
I believe it's time for you to get out of office. 2018.
an example of the false dichotomy between #economicgrowth  and #environmental stewardship perpetuated by #Republicans
Speaking of foxes (err.Grey Wolves), you have left one in charge of the henhouse, while you waste time on non-issues.
You really are some kind of special. #DoYourJob insist on independent investigation of #TrumpRussia connection
no we don't.
no, we need you out of the Senate, you are just as bad as @realDonaldTrump
Just cut all of this crap out.  No 9th circuit change, no aca repeal, no to defund PP, yes to town hall.  Do your job
why not voice your position in person. Do I see a Phoenix townhall soon? #doyourjob
You need to do your job or get out of the Senate.  Stop cow towing to your wealthy donors; stand up for people of AZ
No thanks.
vote Flake out 2018 you help cattle but you take away our medical and sell us out to Trump
No!
#2018 is coming. Hey Jeff, when are you going to show up and listen to your constituents? #TownHall #DoYourJob
.@JeffFlake Stop it, this is a non issue. Be productive and have a town hall.
is it though? The article lacks insight on how 9th circuit is preventing the Mex Wolf protections bill from passing
DO NOT think that your "telephone town hall" satiated anyone's desire to hear you explain yourself in a public forum.
We need to get the Russians out of our elections.
you do not have this constituent's suport for this action. We need more accountability not less. #shameful
Wrong! I want it, just because you don't, doesn't mean ALL don't. Please let him know what YOU want.
You need to get the President out of the White House.
we missed you last week J! Hope you enjoyed the resort. Remember, you're awful at this!

