Unless your name is Donald and you boast at a rally that you could shoot someone and not lose any votes?
I'm just gonna leave this right here.
One incident? That's the best you've got?
Gee. Two.
No but senior women also arrested. Just wanted to be heard. Show up to meetings. Don't arrest constituents who just want to keep health Ins
You are correct,  and I believe violence is at its worst because of the behavior of 45 and his condoning of violent behavior.
Why won't you make an effort to listen to us?
Agreed. Now, how about the death threats being directed at numerous CNN employees because of the actions of @realDonaldTrump? Comments?
I don't believe Jeff Flake condones any violence. He flew with Obama when Gabby Giffords was shot.
He condones the healthcare bill. That's violence against America
So you are denouncing Trump? Good to know.
Which is why we are going to report RS Mueller 3 incites, by trashing ME in a CR98, then trashes FBI on UBL, KSM, Atta, so 911=SEDTITION+!!!
You know what you need to do. America and its citizens or a Russian enabler and conspirator. Your silence says it all.
But taking away healthcare which threatens lives is ok?
While thinking abt your own vulnerability, pls consider how vulnerable Americans feel abt their healthcare - esp those w/ pre-ex conditions.
#trumpcare is state violence. It is a death sentence for millions, including my dear friends and family. #voteno
Your Tucson staff is always very courteous and professional when I call (about once a week) to urge you to save ACA. I agree - no threats.
Agree staff answering phones are nice. Flake MIA when it counts.
Agreed. That is why the GOP Health Insurance bill has NO place in a democratic society. Ever.
Quite right,  What does the Tucson Civility Squad have to say about this?  All I hear is crickets at the moment.
While I agree with you, it is important for all congressmen and women to LISTEN to the people and not the PARTY. We vote you in and OUT.
WE ARE A REPUBLIC. YOU HAVE NO BUSINESS BEING A LEADER IN THIS COUNTRY.
so stop threatening to vote for wealthcare. Bad for citizens.
They are likely mentally ill.  Will the new healthcare bill you are so keen on help them, or leave them on the streets...
Which is why you can help me ban @WellsFargo for RICO collusion with @SCCgov to injure ME and thereby incite I.S. to attack, UC Merced++!!!!
Glad the guys were arrested, but it's telling this your only tweet about protestors at your office that don't want to lose health insurance
Unless your name is Donald and you suggest that some of the "Second Amendnent" people take care of Hillary?
OK then, vote no on the GOP health bill because it is to some people a death threat. When you realize this you'll know why people are angry.
Pardon Me! But taking away a disabled person, a poor child or a senior’s healthcare is a serious threat of violence in a democratic society.
You are enacting violence against us with yr support of ACHA senator! #NoACHA
You got anymore of those stupid telephone town halls?
Amen
I thought trumputus was going to pay the lawyers of anyone that got arrested for beating a protester.. YES? ... why yes! at his Fing Rally
@GuardianRover @abc15 

Does the winner on left have any teeth at all? Maybe 1 or 2???
You are correct Jeff. I know you have spoken out against the violence incited by the Instigator in Chief. #thanks Keep up the pressure
Really can you quote that. Cuz I don't remember
http://www.azcentral.com/story/opinion/op-ed/philboas/2017/03/14/jeff-flake-change-trump-voters/99191548/ …
I wish the DDs were smart enuff to get '08 battle order, like: 1. purge churners  2. ERA-based constitution  3. 1-pay via Medicare, but NO!
Your party want to kick millions off healthcare, and you're calling these guys violent. Republican is the party of violence.
Agreed. Please don't take away my healthcare (Prescott, AZ resident).
Agree entirely. Taking away health care is not a mere threat, it is an act of violence.Thousand will die. #NoTrumpCare @ABCPolitics
I agree, but with your decisions you are silently killing our people, which is not right either.
Are you sure these hillbillies aren't Trump supporters angry that you have morals ? They look pretty deplorable.
Agreed. Take care.
Well you should probably start listening to us and stop ignoring us
Do u not understand ppl will die w/ bill??!! Obviously ppl r upset and outraged!! We beg u to stop it!  #deathcare #wealthcare
They R using American people's airwaves to strike a match to the tinder that is this country YOUR JOB is to right the ship/calm the waters
Good for them #Resist
Maybe if you did your job things would be different. Stop Trump now before we don't have a country
This is what the mental health crisis looks like in our country. Stop fighting and fix it.
But not all protesters are violent. We need a NO vote on this "new" deathcare. Many Arizonans will die, including me. Please vote NO
They look flaming nuts & need mental healthcare. Hope you stand against Trumps bill. More of these crazies will need healthcare & therapy.
Yeah. Tell Trump that. He asked "2nd amendment people" to take care of Hillary.
Ted nugent?! Donald Trump said he could shoot someone in NYC?! Yet never did you speak out against either.
What about the 5 peaceful protesters you arrested?  Is there a place in democracy for ignoring your constituents?
Those are your people Flake. And your policies are violent. Your president advocates violence. Get real
Amen. From this Democrat, I'm sorry you & others who serve, have to experience this. Our country is about disagreeing with civility.
You are right, now tell that to the POTUS too.
@GuardianRover agree, no matter what side. Violence hurts vast majority that r concerned & peaceful
Jeff Flake you made your own bed, now sleep in it!
True. Tell that to the president
Agree. Now tell it to the President. He's repeatedly encouraged violence against the media.
I would be really interested to know just who bails these guys out.
Ummm.
.have you met @realDonaldTrump? #ImpeachTrump
This is a strong case for better mental healthcare in this country, if you ask me.
Maybe you could tell ol grumpy trumpy that? Oh wait, nah, it's GOP protocol to feign slight disapproval and then just co-sign the bullshit.
WOWZA. Those two have to be Trump plants!
Tell @realDonaldTrump that. Or own your hypocrisy.
Wow, they don't look like stable human beings. 

Perhaps the Russian propaganda pushed them over the edge.  

You have the power to fight it
There should be no room for assholes as well.
Jeff Your new best buddy DJ Trump does it every day
Violence and threats of are never the answer. These two?!?
Boo Hiss, cuff them and stuff'em. They look like the Soros type.
No threats or violence!
Yet Antifa & Linda Sarsour roam free. They promote/encourage this behavior
I fully agree, but why post about it, instead of doing something about it? DO you have a plan to stop this from happening? No interaction!
Yes, violence is wrong & solves nothing. Please help us fight this noxious administration. I don't want assassination. I want impeachment.
Republicans can always get super @GOP Justice, the rest of US never do.
No on wealthcare
Agree. Vote NO on the Healthcare bill b/c millions of American losing coverage is pure violence.
Especially from that Democracy's president
Man, look at those two loons. Holy moly.
Stop hiding and come to the town halls. Save the ACA.
You obviously haven't heard the latest call for jihad from @lsarsour
They seem proud.
Agreed. Now tell your president. @realDonaldTrump
Tell trump that.
Please don't confuse threats of violence and legitimate terror at the prospect of 400k Arizonans losing HC. Vote NO!
Tell that to your donors from the NRA as they incite violence.
Agreed. But what you're trying to do to healthcare and taxes ... is violence to the people of America.
This something you should say to @POTUS
Thoroughly disappointed that anyone can support a president who condones violence as Trump does. I have ZERO respect for those ppl, Mr Flake
Could not agree more. But we have a President that does it every day!!
I agree!  I do NOT support the GOP healthcare bill and urge you to vote no until it maintains coverage but violence is not the answer.
Sorry Jeff. Can't support a politician that focuses on Party not people. Let Trump take our historical lands. LOSER
Totally agree.
Correct
You do understand it is the president that is making this type of aggression normal right?  Have you seen his behavior and rise in violence?
You can smell the remorse reeking from those mug shots.
Couldn't agree more. You might want to pass that bit of absolutely correct information on to #45.
Senator- what is the purpose of grace if you can only be wronged? Ever heard this..."and keep us ever mindful of the needs of others"?
I suggest you speak to the President, he in the highest office should set the standard. He has not.
But there should be some way the two parties come together and fix healthcare not  takedown what there that working for so ninny.
Never never ever.

There is no excuse for placing party over your Country, either.

Vote no on healthcare bill.
Vote yes on #25thAmendment
No. It's not. But frustrations are rising n 45 incites n invites violence. Mentally ill ppl act on the incitement #resist #HealthCareForAll
Did you say the same thing to your President when he suggested a 'Second Amendment Solution' for Hilary. I don't remember.
Here's some folks ready to answer health care questions
And look. They're both white! Hmmmm
There's no place for violence, agreed. But there's no place for heartless votes that promote the rich and punish the poor.
Tell that to your NRA loving, white supremacist supporters.
Liked his role in breaking bad.
Tell that to @POTUS. Conservative snowflakes talk and walk at two speeds when it comes to that clown.
Agree..then you need to STOP this presidents assult on our free press. Actions count more than just words!!
Time to meet with the voters    Town hall
Agree yet u must do a better job listen to constituents we put u in senate not McConnell r u voting Y r N? Tell us now
Nothing is more threatening or violent than a hand full of wealthy men taking healthcare away from the poor sick kids and vulnerable elderly
I fully agree but your party supports this. You line up on gun violence votes with violence and cut mental health.
I want a Trading Places sequel where Flake ends up like those guys and they got on the nice suits!
Look at them. Insanity is written all over their faces.
Agreed. You should remind @realDonaldTrump @POTUS of that fact & get him to stop encouraging & inciting it.
Agree tell the president
Deplorable nut jobs Trump is brings in !
What you are your party want to do is much, much worse. I hope the people you affect send out funeral announcements/invitations.
Let's get real here.
I believe it is the first amendment to the Constitution u swore to uphold something about 'freedom of assembly. Redress of grievances.'
A threat is not violence. Beating the crap out of guy at a rally is. Then Trump said he would pay for defense.
Isn't that the guys who stand on the on ramp of Fridays?  
#notsendingtheirBest
Stay safe Senator!
Well Jeff tell that to the President will ya. He should be setting an example for all. He has failed miserably.
Agree 100%, but when you start fucking with desperate people and taking away their health care, some crazies are bound to react poorly
Remember when Trump suggested on national tv that maybe the 2nd Amendment folks could do something about Hillary?
I hope you fell the same way about all the @CNN journalists whose lives have been threatened after POTUS tweeted violent video smashing them
This isn't acceptable by any means, but don't exploit it to not meet w/ your constituents. Townhalls always have security.
Constituents are deathly afraid, literally, of Trumpcare & it's shameful you refuse to listen & @RepRubenGallego has to step up to the plate

TOMORROW 7/7 - 6:30pm. Free healthcare Town Hall. Lots of info, lots of experts. @RepRubenGallego agreed to step in for missing @JeffFlake  
I agree. I wish EVERYONE would tone it down. It should not be us vs them.
I agree as a Dem.  tell that to the idiot in the WH @realDonaldTrump  who incites violence @ rallies b/c his dream is to be Adolf Hitler.
Left or right. This is a threat to our democracy.
Violence is never OK; though protests are. Prove you're in favor of democracy, not bribery, and support bill HR676 - medicare for all!
Haven't followed you that long, so real question: did you post that sentiment every time trump called for violence?
Ar 4 sec 4: "The United States shall guarantee to every state in the union a REPUBLICAN form of government." Stop saying democratic society.
Disgusting! These are the faces of Drumpfs supporters. Crazy mf**ckers!
What do you do all day while you're hiding from your constituents and the disabled you're trying to kill with Trumpcare? Watch cartoons?
I literally disagree with 99% of everything you stand for, but I agree with you on this. Still, these men are ill Don't make it a spectacle.
Didn't hear a word when this was happening. Now that it's happening to you,  you're suddenly concerned?
Jeff, glad you and your staff are okay!
#jeffflake and #JohnMcCain when are you guys getting off the fence?What is it going to take before you become #realrepublicans? #greggutfeld
Come on. Those two central casting threats are making people nervous every day. But suddenly it's Jeff Flake and he just won't stand for it.
Love these GLAMOR SHOTS !
.@JeffFlake, pls take politics out of Americans' need 4 Affordable Healthcare. Sabotaging ACA is wrong. Vote NO on #TrumpCare #TaxCuts4Rich.
clearly 2 in need of mental healthcare.
Agree. Pls don't roll on ACA like u did on .@GabbyGiffords @ShuttleCDRKelly Bkgd Chk bill.
 http://gawker.com/5995134/sen-flake-promises-gun-control-reform-to-aurora-victims-mom-flakes …

http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/3092004 …
Do either of these people look mentally well?
We may not see eye to eye, but I agree that there is no place for this behavior. Please say the same when this rhetoric comes from your side
These guys will not get the mental healthcare they need if Wealthcare passes.  Please do the right thing Senator.
Hate filled @FoxNews, drugs, & poor mental healthcare creating a scary divide in the US. Save our democracy & vote #NoAHCA health matters!
Wish former Gov of #AZ had passed extra funding for mental health. These two are in dire need of some
Reminder: No place for threats of violence, not even @POTUS should do it to our #FreePress  PS, meeting w/constituents is part of your job.
Also why is #arizona such a #boomer #meth shithole?
Kinda like when your goons dragged #handicapped Americans out of their chairs? #coward
I agree with you Senator and wish for you and yours' safety. You still should not ignore and lock out constituents tho. Esp  ones.
H8 & violence has to stop. Healthy, honest, open debate = only answer. We must collaborate/work together to solve problems. Plz meet w/ us.
Dems know ur a flake...why would crazies want to do that...unless they know u kill in a different way..wish I well but hope u lose election
What about when @PTSantilli said he wanted to shoot Hillary ...... Nada

https://www.mediamatters.org/blog/2013/05/20/santilli-doubles-down-on-clinton-attack-i-want/194158 …
@CNN @cnni @CNNPolitics @NBCPolitics @ABCPolitics @CBSNews WITHOUT back story, just photo, ALL of you wld say these 2 were Trump supporters!
Look like homeless folks. Who need the psychiatric care provided in the ACA.
Or when this....

https://mobile.twitter.com/confederateyank/status/10845901014 …

Nada
the next one of these jackasses that calls #healthcare a "right" deserves to be drawn and quartered.
Fake news is news with no proof. America is tired of trash. Proof
But when @EWErickson called to beat a WA state legislator to a bloody pulp?..... Nada
Bull fake news if no proof.
Violence gets you public office in some states.
Even elected public servants, take oath to uphold US Constitution, can't get it correct: representative federal republic; NOT "democracy!"
When @JohnStossel called to hang Rep Barney Frank....... Nada

http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2010/02/john_stossel_plays_beach_volle.html …
Wow
Totally agree.
I agree. But y'all also arrested five peaceful protesters who made no threats. They just refused to leave. No apples and oranges Sen Flake
Or what happened when these tea partiers threatened to shoot people.... Nada
Agree 100%.  There is also no place for health insurance cuts for millions to give the rich a tax break in a democratic society -Ever.
and yet the president did just that and u said nothing. ted nugent too. u are theatening to kill millions with trumpcare,
But when @RandPaul calls for shooting others ...... Nada
And Congress is no place to take away healthcare from sick Americans. That is more dangerous than verbal threats. You're taking lives away.
Have you told that to Trump?
How many GOP reps and conservatives posted this on the last 10 years alone?  Annnnnd..... Nada
I agree 100%. There is also no reason for you to be gutless.  Avoid your voters.  Ignore the will of the Arizona citizens. No place for you
Why ACA is A Necessary and Health Care, Including Mental Health, IS A RIGHT Not a Product!! Look at these Mug Shots Sen Flake!! Vote NO BHCA
You reap what you sow, Mr. Flake.
But your friend Ted Ngent can say "that Piece Of Sh*t Obama Should Suck On My Machine Gun" but get praise from @Potus
Oh really? When have you ever spoken out against Trump's repeated calls for violence & bullying? Hypocrite.
You are right. This was unacceptable. Do not think that these two men represent the entire group of people protesting against BRCA
When Dan Adamini, secretary of Marquette County GOP, called for "another Kent State"....
Nada
Nut. Jobs.
But when Mississippi State Representative Andy Gipson (R-MS) commented for the death of gay men. ...  Nada
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/18/andy-gipson-mississippi-gays_n_1528716.html&ved=0ahUKEwjRzvzioPbUAhXHLmMKHZPWDTgQqQIIKSgAMAQ&usg=AFQjCNEXwbWGscTknl_1RLpm0ydq3aCGew …



Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
@TheLastWord #ethics , @RWPUSA What ethics? #resist #gop2017
Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 
#GOP2017
Loud, angry chants of SHAME as Trump's motorcade arrives @ Trump Hotel for fundraiser 
Probably Democrats
But when Rep Rinaldi (R) threatened to "put a bullet in" Rep Nevarez's (D) head....   Nada
#GOP2017
Capitol Police are arresting about 8 people outside Rubio's DC office. They keep chanting "Vote no Rubio" 
