protect our environment we want EPA, listen to your constituents
Maybe if u met with AZ voters u could address concerns and alleviate our worries. Win-win
2015 Gold King Mine waste water spill, an environmental disaster caused by the EPA with accountability.
I would rather you work at getting Bannon out of our White House! Or do you support his agenda?
Yes, the EPA needs to be stopped. I'm getting sick and tired of all the clean air and water. #MAGA
When your grandkids live in a desert wasteland I'll copy you on this tweet
let me guess, you're in bed with #bigoil? #climatechangeisreal and threatens us all. Wake up!
If removing protections is your agenda, we will be outing you in 2018.
do you CARE ABOUT THE FUTURE GENERATIONS?
you represent a beautiful state. How can you possibly want to destroy beauty and drinking water?
how can you be proud of reining in the agency that is supposed to protect us from pollutants and toxins?
Sometimes we need to put planet & people B4 profits. It's called an investment in our future.
Yea, lets strip mine Show Low.
That's insane. More people vote than just ranchers & farmers. This is not what MAJORITY want!
quick question - do you do ANYTHING to serve your constituents interests, or are you 100% self-serving?
self serving, and a murderer of bears and their Cubs.
You must really hate AZ, if you support drilling in @GrandCanyonNPS and polluted water. @IndivisibleofAZ
got an from tourism assn $120 dinner.  Votes against bills protecting that brings tourists @GrandCanyonNPS
somehow in his pea brain it makes sense 
so back to coal at AZ power stations? Look to England for results of that.
. @JeffFlake @AZCounties @POTUS @EPA I'd like to hear specifically how this move is NOT going to have an adverse effect on the environment.
WOW and to you this is good news to share. Take 5 minutes out from dodging town halls and read responses
sold out
you may be a robot who lives on oil and big $, but your flesh&blood constituents need clean water, dude. I love the @EPA!
basically Flake has given POTUS a huge rubber stamp that only corporations benefit.  Screw the ppl.
Stakeholder's is a bit of a reach. And you were elected by citizens- not stakeholders. Did you forget?
healthy air and water is more important than money. Your disdain for EPA is scary
When a drainage ditch is classified as a WOTUS, there is clearly a prob. Thx @NACoTweets for your & @POTUS rollback
so glad that you'll be able to let big business ruin the environment. Who needs clean water and air?
Me too...I'm so tired of our blue skies and access to safe drinking water.  Thank you for saving us!
Yeah brown smog rocks.
you are so wrong about this
Let farms and industries dump waste into our waterways! Who needs drinking water, anyway?
So you prefer poisoned fish and children?
You do realize the vast majority of ur constituents want clean air, clean water & support the EPA right?
stakeholders huh. Pay for play you mean. Digging a deeper hole for yourself with this stance. @AZCounties @POTUS we support @EPA
Not smart for anyone who wants to stay in office.
Your kid write your press releases, or is he still doing community service?  Monsters beget monsters.
The EPA protects AZ citizens and lands. Remember who you represent! We are watching!
Your going to lose your seat over EPA vote
turn your back next time the Lobbyist takes out his wallet asking you to sell out AZ
so how soon before we see the Frack-en in the bottom of the Grand Canyon
I support the EPA, with love from Avondale AZ #dumpflake
you're done!!!  Protect the EPA!!!!
because who cares about clean water? We do!  Your constituents do!!
We'll send the dirty water to your house first, Flake.
You're joking, right? The Water Act is saving the quality of our freshwater supplies.  Traitor to AZ
What kind of man celebrates poisoning of the water supply? What is wrong with you?
I'm certain you don't understand the science behind this and thus you stand with an uninformed Pres. Sad.
Someone doesn't want clean air or water.
Given your family history of animal abuse, it's clear u don't care about anything except ur pocketbook
Now we get Alternative-Water and Alternative-Air? I bet it's at premium prices your donors have arranged.
Did you ask your constituents what they thought?  Oh wait, you didn't even meet with them.  #resist
.@JeffFlake @AZCounties I mean, in a desert state with a limited fresh water supply, protecting it would just be CRAZY, right?! #ISupportEPA
You're happy he revoked a rule to PROTECT CHILDREN'S DRINKING WATER? It's called "Clean Water Rule"!
Again, I've had my fill of clean air & water. I should have left some for my children and their children.
Proud to watch over the dismantling of the EPA?
Are you serious?? The earth is warming and PEOPLE are responsible. Read those scientific papers.
your reign of terror against our land is what you mean. Who needs clean water anyway. #YourStupidityIsAstounding
So, what is your plan to protect Arizona’s land, water and air? Right now, sounds like you have no plan.
yeah! Screw the environment! I'll be dead before extinction. #letmykidsdealwithit
It's Trump that needs to reined in.
Yay! Polluted water for everyone! Just what America needs!
because global warming won't make a huge change in AZ with the exception of making the state uninhabitable #ass
.@JeffFlake @AZCounties @POTUS @EPA exactly, clean water would mark the end of humanity.  Not enough pollution!
-When do you and @SenJohnMcCain plan to have public face 2 face townhall to speak with your #constituents
don't think they be in Hollywood where you live. Worry when ur Sen will.
You mean your donors...errr..."big businesses"...are glad...
What say you work toward legislating against the corruption of the current executive branch?
#traitor2USA #fakeAmerican @JeffFlake 
@AZCounties 
@POTUS Bannon
Who gets to rein in awful senators who don't listen to their constituents?
