Hey  @JeffFlake you are that relatively rare Senator who doesn't even try to hide his evil.
Much will be forgiven if you help get the madman out of the white house.  Otherwise it will be a tough reelection.
If anyone finds a set of balls please contact Flakes office!
JF, my senator, you are one of the very best, maybe THE best, of all the senators. Thank you!
.@JeffFlake HA! Classic.
the traitor doesn't get sarcasm either.
also your self-congratulatory email about DeVos was disgusting and will not be forgotten in 2018
And the return email address was invalid. Nice.
I was at the so-called Office hours today, he obviously doesn't care at all what his constituency thinks
that's not a good thing... we will vote you out, you're clearly not listening to the people of AZ. YOU WORK FOR US
636 days. #ticktock

dump Flake!
Come on, senator, the Betsy thing was her buying not earning the office. She is educationally ignorant. Choice is for abortion.
Stolen seat. Merrick Garland was extremely qualified. You have become corporate troll for teapublicans-sad! Try representing ALL!
Wow. You're pretty awful.
your proposal to break up the 9th is wrong
what do you expect Senator you totally screwed up on the DeVos vote people are furious. Are you evil no but it's disappointing
oh wait...Murkowski and Collins have them.
u are so disappointing! U have lost my support and my respect! I thought u would do the right thing!!
@geniecoefficnt...#2018
President Obama will be spending a lot of time in Arizona and Nevada in 2018. Maybe you guys can have dinner sometime?
#reallyAre you that ignorant??? You let the people of AZ down
Who knew your soul was so inexpensive? DeVos got it for a bargain.
@twwnaz #2018 don't worry flagstaff is watching and counting
nothing to be grateful for. Your flippancy shows how little you care about your constituents. #outin2018
What evil? Let's be truthful and tell it as it is. It's broken and let's get it fixed! Praying for right for America!
you are not representing us right now- we didn't want Betsy DeVos and we don't want a conservative judge.  Stop supporting Trump!
@geniecoefficnt #replaceflake2018
we have rinos and now minos. I worked with Mormons, you are no Mormon. The Mormons I worked with/for had ethics.
judging by these responses, you represented your party instead of your constituents. I think you will regret that choice.
you are going to lose reelection in 2018. You're welcome.
couldn't resist commenting on this huh? Smh. You are an embarrassment sir. 

what a response from an elected representative of the American people. We're coming for your seat Senator!
If you won't stand up for yourself to a stranger, you won't stand up for yourself to Trump. You are no leader.
When you affiliate w/ lowbrow orgs like current iteration of Republican Party you gotta take the compliments where you find them.
THAT IS YOUR RESPONSE?!?! You are not worthy of representing the great state of #Arizona. #Trumptard
#ReplaceFlake2018 Since you've ignored AZ constituents we need a real Senator not a Puppet. Let's send him a message REPLACE HIM!
you've lost my vote for confirming deVoss. You do not represent us. Shame.
@1700West #rememberin2018
you guess? That's par for the course for someone who would vote for the likes of DeVos
we hate you. You're fired
totally disagree. He acted like he had some morals during the primaries but quickly sold out his country for his party.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't a compliment...
Senator, I have disagrees with, but respected, your positions in the past. Your vote for #Devos was shameful. #Unqualified
We'll see you in 2018. I hope you've enjoyed your time in politics. We haven't.
#wesaidno2018 #noDeVos #Flakeout2018
why would you take this as a compliment? Even jokingly? And majority of AZ opposed DeVos why did you approve?
when is your town hall
Your tweets are starting to sound like those of your lord and master @POTUS.
what a loser Flake
Spoke with @foxandfriends this morning about my bill to break up the #9thCircuit & about the need for decorum in Congress 
so disappointed that you and Senator McCain, people I voted for, aren't standing up to the lies if nothing else. Losing my vote
That's a weird one...  Makes me hope you do have private security.  Thanks for serving!
Hang in there, the Liberals are all over this tweet.  I am a Republican and I encourage you to support Trump.
you're a corrupt hypocrite
well against higher minimum-wage for people, vote for totally unqualified SOE now voting for racist AG. Add Bannon Buddy= ?
Thanks for voting for DeVos...she will make a huge difference in the educational lives of at risk kids.
Your flippant responses to your constituency only makes us count the days until we no longer see your face in the senate chamber
WHAT?!!! Thanks, I guess. You are done! #FlakeOut2018
I think you asked for it.  Sorry.
Why aren't you listening to your constituents? Why don't u post how many calls and emails you recv'd voicing opposition to DeVos?
@Politics1com I don't think it's a compliment, you tool.
Interesting you chose not to retweet any articulate tweets opposing your DeVos vote. Comes off discounting your AZ constituency.
@politicalwire @geniecoefficnt No one is laughing Senator.
its  just right up in our face you don't even try to hide it.#NOFLAKE2018
It's a shame you are going to vote to approve Jeff Sessions
Flake+Devos= -votes2018
Evil is a little strong. Misguided is better. Just do the right thing using a humanist approach. Get away from party lines.
Lol.
Satire on Twitter is like Marmite on toast. Understood by very few.
that is not something to be proud of you hypocrite. I do expect you will continue ignoring the constitution whenever it suits you
I'm sure you're pleasant in person but your vote for someone you know is incompetent shows your lack of spine re corporate money.
Start listening to your constituents! 2018 can't come soon enough!
yo Jeff I want was classmates with you niece and she was pretty bad at math
Pure evil.
vote for Devos perfect example
I don't think your evil, Senator Flake!
I'm not surprised you don't get the subtext of the tweet, you obviously don't get a lot of things...like re-elected
it's unfortunate that this is your response. You disappointed many Arizonans who were counting on you to do the right thing.
Once my rep in the house, now our senator.  Vote Republican.
I had so much hope in you! Standing up to Trump but no, you are the same as them! What a disappointment!
@geniecoefficnt You have shown and said DeVos was for you not AZ.  AZ needs someone who treats all children equally.  #outin2018
#ReplaceFlake2018 @Arizona_Strong @AZ4Change @indivisibleAZ @ProgressNowAZ we are arrayed against you.
Not a statement you thank someone for. No wonder you thought it a good idea to confirm unqualified DeVos. Please block Sessions!
Many in AZ disagree!!! Both Flake & McCain!!
@ReaganBattalion I you, Jeff!
You disappointed more people than usual, Jeff. Voting for Betsy DeVos is gonna fuck over ever young Arizonan.
damned with faint praise
lol!  Glad you are our Senator!
lol ya u got no problem showing you don't care what your people want
We said No; you didn't listen. Enjoy your remaining 636 days in office, senator. #WeSaidNo2018 #NoDeVos.
More of you care more abt their children, our future, than don't!
shame #2018
Really? That's all you got? 2018. We will remember and vote
and being a passive aggressive SOB about it isn't going to help.
hahaha! Thanks for the laugh!
then you guess wrong.
