By the time you decide to support an independent investigation of Trump, it will be too late for you. 1/2
1/ Imagine this scenario, election 2018, "Trump endangers our national security because he is enabled by people like Senator Flake"
Leave we dont want traitors here
Townhall.
Hey, why don't you listen to your constituents.  We want an independent investigation.  Also, stop supporting Trump's horrible agenda!
Since you've refused to support @POTUS, we'll do our best next year to make sure you stay here while Kelly Ward goes to DC. #DumpFlake
2/  as 2016 showed,  all accusations are fair game. This one will be repeated over and over and over again until people believe it. #promise
How can you support a nut job like Trump? Someone in your party needs to stand up to Trump as he is unfit to be the President
I live in azd4 and I support an independent prosecutor. To hell with your homecoming and get to saving the Republic dammit.
Because liberals are now forced to cower to the weakest GOP in hopes to push their anti Trump agenda.
Honestly it would be better if you never came back, When are you going to support Trump instead of your Trump hate.

Stop pretending you are a Republican or a conservative. You are a left wing operative.
#TrumpRussia

Not Trump's 1st meeting w/Kislyak.  met 4/17 in DC.  Also at Convention, then in Trump Tower in December w/Flynn?
Being forced by circumstance is not the same as being forced by a sense of decency and integrity. You still vote 100% with/for Trump. 2/2
Awesome  Unfortunately our coward @GOP is waiting for dominoes to fall first. Our national security and democracy is at stake!!
Are you going to support dems for independent investigation or just keep bullshitting us by saying the right things but not doing anything
we will always remember that @JeffFlake supported TRUMP 100%
Stay there, please stay there forever. Get a real job
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Burke. Enjoy the view. Might be on your dime next election.
Hey you need to get back to Washington and deal with the criminal acts of the President 
Do you live in the sky?
Stay there and leave your cozy insider trade job in DC!
Have u taken Russian money  laundered by 501c4's? @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr may have. Patriot or u go down with the  ? @SenFlakeStaff
PleASE PLEASE DEMAND AN #IndependentInvestigation ON #TrumpRussianInvestigation.
Please! Trump has a 36-38
Percent approval rating. Save us.
Save our country....restore faith in our Democracy!  Every empire has its fall and it is upon us!
You are washing up on the wrong side of the fence. Cant wait to see you gone.
On the Obama era Climate Change Rule, McCain voted to preserve, you voted to repeal... who's wrong? You or the weather?
Worth it for another constituent to say 'INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR'! #doyourjob @SenJohnMcCain you need to see this too!!!
You act like D.C. Is your home. You have sold AZ out for thirty pieces of silver
What's going on? When is the impeachment? Country first! Don't be a bad guy! Get off the trump train!
Jef"FCC", I think you need another townhall. It doesn't seem like the message got through to you
#Complicit
I share your love of our Grand Canyon state. Please put #CountryOverParty. We need an #IndependentInvestigation #StopTrump
Why don't you go BACK to DC and try doing some GOOD for your constituents? You know, protect healthcare, Medicare, Social Security...??
Are you a true patriot or a true Republican?
When is the townhall? Would love to talk about he independent investigation you're going to demand.
When you should be in DC demanding an independent prosecutor or demanding the impeachment of the mental idiot in the WH
Hey one more question Senator how many coal miners did President Trump put back to work this week Answer: ZERO good job Mr President
Special prosecutor. Or are you not interested in the law?
You seem perfectly content sitting on your hands watching our laws & institutions go up in flames. This is your watch. Do something.
Special independent investigation!
I prefer the flight over Holbrook and Snowflake but it all feels the same 
We don't want you here.
Investigate @realDonaldTrump your re-election depends on it.
Enjoy it after 2018 you will be here full time
Want to be a hero? You know what to do! 
It's time to start the articles of #impeachment. Otherwise this atrocity of a President will be your legacy.
Trump is threatening Comey on twitter in case you are interested.
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. Please stand up for America.  #IndependentInvestigationNow
Follow Goldwaters footsteps and stand up to the dangerous man in WH!  This is#worsethanwatergate
When and where is the town hall? I have a few issues. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You said there needs to be action taken on the comey firing and then don't do anything. Nice work.
come on, Man!!
Independent Prosecutor now. Looking forward to your town halls. Be responsive to your constituents or you won't have any. #2018
So let me ask you Jeff, "what does the president need to do for you to show urgency if corruption is not enough?"
We're all so happy you're home. Now demand an independent investigation and call for a special prosecutor.
#IndependentInvestigationNow
So when can we expect another town hall? You can explain your support of an independent committee to investigate this administration.
So, will you be meeting with your constituents? Holding town halls? Listening to what the people want?
And hide from your constituents
I want 2 b witty 2. Welcome home! Noooooooooooot!
Wait until you meet your constituents!
Senator Flake, you need to push for an independent investigation in regards to collusion between Trump and Russia. NOW!
We love you here! Please Sen. Flake support our President @realDonaldTrump  He needs to get rid of about 30 in west Wing, leakers.
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. #BeBRAVE and Fight to uphold the US Constitution!!!
Then learn the constitution, all who are trying to take down a sitting president should be arrested and tried for sedition. Learn it.
Actually, read the 25th Amendment. When the president is unfit... as this horrible excuse for human flesh is, it is Congress' DUTY to remove
http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39435786 …  Trump allowed RUSSIAN SPIES in the Oval Office and BARRED US MEDIA from it.
http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/03/how-the-explosive-russian-dossier-was-compiled-christopher-steele … Trump has been pursuing policies that help Russia and HARM the United States.
Come over to my place in Mesa, got slot to tell you.
Hey, how about you grow a pair? #coward
Jeff Flake isn’t comfortable with the Comey firing, but he’s not doing anything about it https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/5/12/15613686/vulnerable-republicans-comey-firing-flake-heller?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
Special prosecutor!
Congrats Jeff! Almost one response to your tweet WASN'T about a special prosecutor! Keep up the good work! #TrumpRussia
For a minute I thought you were going to be a patriot and stand up to the Trump nightmare. I guess not.
Country or Party, what's it going to be? Stand up and call for a Special Prosecutor or be forever complicit. #Trumprussia
Americans shouldrise up and call for a special prosecutor. There's no way to have a thorough investigation without a special prosecutor
Your boy Trump is on Twitter this morning threatening Comey and admitting to secret recordings. Independent investigation?
There is no defensible reason to not call for an independent Russia commission. Your complicit silence will never be forgotten.
You're all talk, Jeff. There is a madman in the WH....
Quoting John Denver with your record of gutting environmental regulations?  Are you for real?  #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
When are you going to start representing the Republic over the Republican Party???
Go away, we don't want you here.
Honesty should come first. Loyalty to America should come first. #IndependentInvestigationNow
Yeah....well you need to go back to D.C. And support our President!
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. He needs to support the US Constitution!
Coward. No one should be above the law, not even a President. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/12/trump-special-prosecutor-gop-senators-238284 …
I do Not support an Independent investigator.  You and Senate must be statesmen and save our country and govt
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. He needs to #BeBRAVE and uphold the US Constitution!
As a costituent, I hope you see now Jeff Sessions is the worst confirmation vote you ever casted
Also, refusing to call for special prosecutor will eventually do way more damage to your party than calling for one
Please vote for an Independent Prosecutor to get to the truth about Trump/Russia
Independent investigation.  This is not going away not matter how much GOP wants it to.
Please follow your conscious. What's going on right now is wrong! Country before party!
http://www.newyorker.com/news/john-cassidy/donald-trumps-craven-republican-enablers …. #BeBRAVE and Fight for our DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
Maybe you'll hear your constituents better. Stand up for upholding our rule of law and demand independent counsel

#AZ is the best, isn't it! Well, except for bumpkins running the State House, the Governor, and last one's a rotten egg runaway development,
It's like Bridge On The River Kwai, someone in the Republican party is going to have to live to blow up the bridge
Will you save the republic from @realDonaldTrump ?
Town hall please
Don't get rid of net neutrality.
stop Trump now
Great! Glad to hear it. So, what have you personally done about 1) Comey being fired and 2) Russian TASS being favored over OUR PRESS?
There is nothing more beautiful than an AZ sunset & sunrise  & most beautiful stary nights, I swear you can see entire galaxy from AZ
With that said,2 my fellow AZ voters, when you see a shooting star which are many in AZ night , wish 4 Jeff to push for special prosecutor
With so much occurring and so many issues on the table and more people than ever watching, this is what you remark on? 2018 elections....
Please don't. Do you tap dance? When you speak I think of a tap dancer. Stupid smile and nothing of substance coming from brain to you hole.
Oh great! So, we will see you at a local town hall!?
Home, reeking of the stench of cowardice in failing to stop your deranged president's kleptocracy and obstruction of justice
How about supporting a special prosector Senator. Time to break ranks with Trump or you will be a passenger on his sinking ship.
Get a grip
Please serve your constituency & support a special prosecutor for the investigation into possible collusion between Russia & Trump Campaign
Welcome back. When do you start holding town halls? Cuz communicating with your electorate is part of your JOB. The one I'm paying you for.
YES!!! A Recess, a return and a full slate of town halls to meet the peeps! I for one couldn't be happier to have you back Jeff, it's going
to be amazing. First off, one of the towns you flew over on your way to Sky Harbor, is a town, in Arizona, called Tucson. Happens to be the
2nd most populous city in AZ Jeff. I know. So we'll hit the #FlakeTucsonTownHall and then followup with the #FlagStaffFlakeTownHall We'll...
show these #FlakeFlip and #FlakeOut2018 lib losers what a Real Senator looks like Jeff. Invade their turf and walk away victorious! I'm hype
for it, but don't leave me hanging this weekend and tell your Comms guy that he needs to get as hype as your biglyist fan in the yugeist way
The Republican Party is a hot mess. What are you going to do to fix it?
Detach from the Whitehouse Republicans that give the party a horrid name and study real republicans like Lincoln and Teddy Roosevelt!
Will you be holding any town halls in Prescott?
Yes, time for a Special Prosecutor to investigate the Clinton Cartel.

Wow an article from The New Yorker! 
Great but take some time to develop a strategy and return to DC to stop this crazy train.
We need an independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia. Do your job. Show some bipartisan leadership. #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Hey Jeff, you get the message yet? Special prosecutor ok? Jeez!
Time 4 Congress 2 appoint an independent commission 2 investigate Trump's ties 2 Russia! Get to work! Like RIGHT NOW!
Now protect it and support a special prosecutor. Our nation is counting on you.
love AZ too,as one of your constituents I advise you to help get an independent investigator appointed regarding Trump/Russia.
Have you read your mentions? Might want to think about holding a town hall and supporting an investigation into #TrumpRussia...
Support a special independent prosecutor
Ok... so, town halls? 
Also, a select committee for the Trump/Russia/Comey trainwreck? 

You may be home, but the work is just beginning.
Special prosecutor or you're done.
Independent counsel. Please listen to us and act when you return. We're counting on you to serve us. Enjoy your weekend.
You up?
.
.
.
For a townhall?
Ha ha ha #fliptheflake2-0-1-8
We need a Howard Baker. You would be perfect
remember when ppl booed the prayer at your town hall? separation of church and state is crucial here, we will fight in court or your lawn.
Welcome home, now rest up and go back and get a special prosecutor.
What are you going to do next about the Traitor-in -Chief?
How many Republican’s should be found guilty of colluding and be charged.  Trump needs be impeached nothing less.
I hope you turn out to be a good man with integrity and morals. That you care about the country you serve more than party. I hope
He's proved over and over....he isn't the person to represent us
You won't have to make the trip too many more times! 2018!
Time to call for a special prosecutor!
The Sunsets in the West; Sen.Jeff Flake of ARIZONA
Now let me ignore the hell out of the people who live here!!
go back to Washington where you are so self important.
It certainly is good to be back home cause nothing is getting done in Washington, DC.
What are you doing about trump and Russia tho
Sunrise or sunset?

As the sun sets on our democracy, why don't you support calls for an #independentInvestigation?
You don't see sunsets like that in DC! Thanks for representing us. We appreciate it.
@SenJohnMcCain  What are you doing about #Trumprussia ?
Independent counsel. Now.
