Awesome! I find it really ignorant for people to tell you not to vote for health care bill even though they have no clue what is in it!
Well now we know what's in it and it's worse than we thought.
I guess I missed the part where it's finished? That it doesn't get tweeked want to send me the link to the final bill please? That passed
I never said it was finished or passed yet. I said we know what's in it. You can read it online. They're trying to vote next week.
Oh I thought I heard other republicans want some changes and it would be worked on! Strange to not offer suggestions just out right say no!
A couple minor amendments are t going to change the general direction of the bill. Tax breaks for billionaires millions lose coverage.
Many would chose not to join! You know the American way! Not forced! Those numbers are fake and many now don't have coverage they can't $ it
That's the lie the GOP has been telling you. It's true for some ACA patients but not most. ACA provides important protection for all insured
Vote no on AHCA
Awesome. Help prevent future tragedies but standing for the people and not the NRA
Good job!  Now about healthcare, you need to take a position.  I call every day, your staff is getting ruder ever day.  @Arizona_Strong
Have they given you an answer yet?
Nope, both he and @SenJohnMcCain are still "looking at it."
According to McConnell they should have had plenty of time already. The country awaits....tick tock!
@JeffFlake has a tough senate race coming. The voters in AZ will not forget this. I'm in WA but watching and ready to support his opponent$$
We have @deedra2018 running against Flake on the D side already.
How about being happy 2 vote 4 health care that won't punish the disabled, ppl w diabetes, kidney disease/dialysis, autism ? @GOP is cruel
Vote to repeal obamacare, it is a disaster, and cost way too much. We need it repealed.
How nice that you'll give blood for a white supremacist. Will you care as much about your constituents? #VoteNO on the #Deathcare bill!
VOTE NO! On healthcare bill. It will harm many seniors in nursing homes! We are counting on U to do the right thing
So much easier than addressing epidemic of gun violence!  But hey, great photo op!
Now that you gave your blood I guess you have to make sure no filthy poor people touch your precious blood? #trumpcare STAND AGAINST IT
@GingerMcQueen @kelliwardaz Notice Flake calls the victims of an alt left terror attack "injured" No condemnation of alt left hate&violence.
Time for Gun Control Laws that work for all Americans
I don't think you have enough blood to save all the people you're going to throw off of Medicaid.
Just imagine if he did not have #HeathCare! Everyday Healthy people get injured or become ill! Do not give away Healthcare 2 give RichBreaks
From Arizona's largest blood provider @UBSAZ, on behalf of hospital patients, thank you for your lifesaving blood donation. @JeffFlake
Glad you have some, you guys are certainly asking for OURS  re: OBAMACARE: mend don't end!
In honor of all the people who you've lost & loved in your life who've you've seen suffer in honor of your less abundant moment, #VoteNoACHA
Vote no on #Trumpcare
The smiling face of a man with a secure healthcare future ( on our backs).
May God bless you.
Your giving blood is awesome but I saw a pic of you and Romney together. Establishment!
How about giving your constituents #Healthcare ? Donated blood won't do any good if people can't afford hospital visits.
You have now seen first-hand how dire health crises can strike the unsuspecting. Please assure the healthcare of all your constituents, Sen.
no to trumpcare. Fix not replace
Thanks for being kind. Now help the rest by saying no to #Trumpcare & secret GOP bill
Talking about giving blood?They should be talking about the guy that provoked all this sanders follower as far we know
Good job Senator. I understand the officer who saved many that day is gay. Good for her! A true hero in so many ways!
So nice to see you give your blood. I hope you will give a NO VOTE for all of US(A) your Country men and women counting on you. VOTENOONGOP.
Lots of other people need blood, need surgery, need hospitalization - vote against mean & heartless #AHCA #TrumpDeathcare
Looks like you are happier to have a photo-op. Otherwise you would have quietly donated blood like most folks do.
Why would he need blood if he doesn't have a heart?
Good for you - now give hope to U.S. Citizens who cannot afford the health care you have. Do not vote for a bill that reduces access to care
How about you vote to save access to healthcare like he received for not only your constituents, but the rest of the country.
Too bad "the coming together" only lasted 24 hours. U'd think u guys would use the opportunity to govern like adults instead of going secret
Thank you for giving blood! Now please, please save our healthcare! The American people deserve to see the bill!
Senator Flake, Please VOTE NO on this secretive ACA repeal. We have no idea what's in it. Do you? @SenateMajLdr
Imagine if your friend didn't have insurance? Can you even fathom what those kinds of bills would do to the average family?
Get yourself a vaccination shot with my thymarisol Mercury and squalene sounds delicious
That is nice of you, how about healthcare and tax reform and some real work by the senate?
Too bad people with pre-existing conditions won't see a drop of that blood if you vote for the AHCA. #trumpcare
When you're done there, could you please kill the trumpcare bill? Thanks.
Hope Steve is doing well!
How about donating blood in honor of those DJT is sending to a useless war? Afghanistan.
But not happy enough to do anything about guns, just like you guys did nothing after the children of Sandy Hook we were murdered.
Grinning at the thought of millions losing healthcare and jobs but granting tax cuts to those who need it least
Thank you for donating blood!! 
Flaky Jeff. Needing attention for giving blood once and then you'll vote with your cronies to take healthcare away from millions. #2018
@SchreckReports @SteveScalise Flake looks happy, it feels good to help out.  Now help ALL Americans and vote against ACHA!
I am shocked that you did not go off and hide like you did on the "cap and trade" vote
How about helping Planned Parenthood so women can receive help too?
Government-provided #Healthcare saved @SteveScalise life. PLEASE don't give low & middle income families an abortion!
Hope you are happy to vote NO on TrumpCare bc Arizonans with preexisting conditions are counting on you. #TrumpCareKills #NoAHCA
Hey There, When are you going to speak up and let us see this potential healthcare law? #reelction
Nice gesture, but how about healthcare we fellow AZ constituents can actually afford?  How about that?
#HealthcareBill in the dark? No, no
We won't give blood for unseen health care bill
Hopefully you will give Americans the same Healthcare Plan that Rep. Scalise has which is giving him such great care!
Vote NO on ahca
Nice, however, you should support your @POTUS
All the gunshot victims give blood jeff!  How about some gun control trol legislation to show your compassion and honor for Christs sake!
You're good people, Flakester.
May God Bless you and your family senator !
Thank You for your informed leadership
Nice! Now, be happy to save our healthcare please! Pleeeease! Many of your AZ constituents NEED Medicaid. #NoAHCA @JeffFlake
Thumbs down! Now he knows why many wanted gun control when he said no!!!!!
That is fantastic! Will you also work to prevent any health care bill that would take away the insurance for OTHERS so they can afford care?
How abt you honor fellow Americans with a humane healthcare system that won't kill them or take them into poverty?
Good for you! Many blessings! 
Now give a 'NO' vote to secret healthcare bill in honor of all Americans who wouldn't get the care they are.
Hang in there Steve! We're all praying for you! 
Do you know how much it costs for me to check my blood sugar regularly without insurance?
Come on, Senator. What's your position on Trumpcare? Voters will remember!
You stand up and block this bill I will go and donate blood once a month.
I just checked, I can do it every 8 weeks
Donating blood is great; but a pint is not worth much if you vote to take healthcare from millions
Would you be happy to share the Senate's health care proposal?
You should be Proud!
Do not take away our healthcare.
Great. Now do something else positive for Healthcare and vote NO on this insidious GOP health care bill.
So is everything a photo op? Hope this didn't make you too lightheaded to realize sneaky #HealthcareBill is scaring the hell out of us.
Nice gesture. We are counting on you to NOT support a healthcare bill done in secret. Stand up & do the right thing for your constituents.
If it's done in secret you don't know what's in it! Why not wait to find out before you say don't vote for it! You could regret it!
Meanwhile your @GOP colleagues are trying to take healthcare away from Americans. Glad @SteveScalise has government sponsored healthcare.
I'm an AZ resident, don't support the AHC if it means 23 million Americans lose their healthcare including half million in AZ Medicaid rolls
Wonderful. Please don't vote to take away healthcare from my son. #lifeordeath
Speaking of health, how about getting McConnell to share the AHCA bill with others?
“Happy” or “Guilty”? You opposed gun sale background checks, were rewarded with #NRA $$$. A paid accomplice to @SteveScalise’s shooting.
That's great.  Pleas eat your cookie, drink your juice, get back to work, and build the Wall.  The Wall please.  Tax cuts please.
#Trumpcare Vote: NO
Nobody cares about your do-gooder photo op. Your blood is poison. The 24MM soon-to-be uninsured want that needle in your eye. #GOPFraud
Just do it, and do not take a selfie.
Pathetic.
Just don't look  at the blood lol
God bless you
How about universal health care!
Show us the bill please. I am impacted by changes to the ACA. My daughter has special needs
Good hair, great teeth
Thanks for donating blood and I also want to ask you to call for hearings and discussion about the AHCA.
Jeff, you're a good guy.
Good for you. 
Now what is in the health care bill you are hiding? Hmmm? #AZSen
Stop hurting Americans!!
How about in honor of the Capitol Police officers that prevented a bigger tragedy? I like u Jeff: let's remember who also took a bullet
Sweet. Lots of people need blood. And blood tests. And other tests. Will you honor them by voting against this awful healthcare bill?
Thanks!

Realize that millions will have no access to that blood to save their life if ACA is gutted.
Don't give consent to the Stealthcare. The process is horrible, and it'll hurt SO many. U are 1of the few who can actually stop it. Vote no!
Why not wait until you know what's in it! Makes Zero sense to say don't vote for it when you don't know what it is!
The bill guts Medicaid.many elderly people, like my 91 yr old mom depend on it. She has Alzheimers, needs a nurse. Medicare doesn't cover it
Every one is screaming it's done in secret! How do you know what the final bill will look like? Wouldn't it make sense to see it first?
We know what's in the House bill +the senate is ramming thru the process. Excluding debate +public comment, cuz they know ppl will hate it.
YOU REALIZE ONCE YOU DENY PEOPLE HEALTHCARE THEY WONT BE ALLOWED TO DO THIS BECAUSE THEY CANT PROVE A CLEAN BILL OF HEALTH? You monsters.
Please vote against the AHCA, you know it's not the answer.
How or why is the government involved with this?  http://cnn.it/2rRKgB9 
I just hope the rest of America will get as good health insurance as he has.
Vote against GOP healthcare. I call all of ur offices often and I hope u t listening.
While that's a wonderful gesture, make it a habit! Join the 10 gallon club (and beyond).
Dont vote on AHCA & you can be happy every day you supported those in Az who depend on Medicare.
Medicaid
We're also counting on your integrity to keep your colleagues from jamming through a ruinous healthcare bill.
I sure hope @SteveScalise and his family will be okay what with the astronomical medical bills they will surely face.
Cool! Now keep loosening gun laws to ensure more shootings!
With all of the car related murders, shouldnt we then tighten car laws? Do normal citizens really need automatic transmissions?
And BYW vote "no" on yhe mystery Senate healthcare bill, or prove yourself a partisan pansy. Stand up and demand transparency #2018
You can give blood every six weeks, Senator. Wont be any cameras there next time, tho. Will you show up?
Hope you will do what's right & stand up to McConnel & vote against the "mean" & heartless AHCA. We need reps of principle now. #AHCA
You continue to be one of the heroes.
His A rating with NRA guarantees there will be more blood to give
