#GOPDEATHTRAP #NoHearingNoVote How will Trumpcare effect your constituents?
If the Obama deal was so good why didn't you call for and vote for it as a treaty?
You look for any reason to obstruct @POTUS. Are you a Republican so the Dems can say they work in a bi partisan manner? Change the R to a D
be a leader and stop the war on Obama's legacy.
Castro good, Putin bad, see a pattern? Hurt the leader of your party at every opportunity. Seditious little man.
So why are we ok with CHINA, RUSSIA & Saudi Arabia who suppress their people !? PICK A SIDE, you can't have both Jeff
Look at all the Sheeple that saw the commercial. 
In many cases it appears the President has little knowledge of Nations in which he has no personal business interests- ex: Qatar
#swamp45
To undo anything related to Obama. BTW, vote no or refuse to vote on healthcare until you #ShowUsTheBill
why do you support a communist country that murders it's own citizens? WP is full of #FakeNews  WAKE UP OR YOU'LL BE A 1 TERMER
The intent is your stupid treasonous POTUS to undo all black guy stuff & pay off Rubio
Vote No on appeal of ACA !!!!!
You will get voted out 2018. You and the rest of your party are secretly pushing a healthcare bill without public debate... you so scared?
Please vote no on the AHCA.  Any number of Americans losing care is too many, but millions?  It's unconscionable.  Please stand up for us!
Agree - open #Cuba better

R U going to #Enable @SenateMajLdr to #Ramrod #AHCA thru #Senate w/no hearings & no #PublicComment?
-#WeThePeeps
Come on, senator, you know the intent. Push back hard against such nonsense. Lots of people support your common sense.
The only ones that support you on your feed are grasping Libs. You are still #nevertrump. We're going to drain the swamp in2018!!!
2018 can't come soon enough!!! Arizona will vote @kelliwardaz for 2018. She will stand firm for Arizona!!!
When someone wants to build a hotel with Trump's name on it the policy will change.
It WAS progress until Trumpsky . . ..
Don't vote to take away healthcare. People are depending on you to do the right thing.
Vote no on Trumpcare. Any law that denies healthcare to many millions is immoral. Protect older Americans and others in need!
Shame on Republicans 23 million AMERICANS without healthcare
I'm a small businessman without insurance. Most that I know don't have it either. AZ has some of the highest rates. Wake up please!
Senator, please put your constituents first and fight to #ShowUsTheBill
Please vote no on Trumpcare. I am a senior, too young for Medicare. I will go without ins if too $. I will contribute to your next campaign.
Most Americans fail to realize that Cuba has normal relations with most other Nations
Many of the "Cuban-American" voices have a narrow view
Please vote NO on ACHA...it will literally kill people!
See... another example of manipulation by a Dem here. You'll say anything as long as it goes against a Republican even if  U have to lie.
GOOD VERSE'S EVIL 
LOOK at WHOLE PICTURE !
GET SHIT TOGETHER!
#OURPRESIDENT  #SUPPORTERSTRUMP
I agree--was just in Cuba last November; Help President Trump understand how he's hurting both Cuba and US become great again!
PLZ Speak W  SEN. Rubio
I Doubt He Would Agree
Thank you @marcorubio
Go to Cuba - walk the streets - It's been years - money is not flowing to the average Cuban.
Whatever RINO! Of course you think the Obama policy was much better. Sick of your crap.
Do not vote for #Obamacare repeal... the replacement hurts millions.
Isn't this what Rubio worked hard for?
The airlines will take the tourists there not the military. Tourist $ for Cubans.
There is not one patriotic Republican serving in the U.S. Congress. Cowards everyone. Richard Painter is the only ethical living republican
U couldn't actually say this is WRONG-"whatever the intent"? Really. Every single thing Drumpf does shows his jealousy & hate 2ward Obama.
are you pro communist Senator? The Russians have free reign to have their ships there. Are you in bed with them?
@batterman_terri Why do you think you're qualified to make this decision? Bc ur getting face time? SenRubio right on..$$ to the Cuban people
no Rino they do not. Your hate for our president got your friends shot.
Dont u know that only a businessman  know for hotels and going bankrupt can negotiate anything good for the country.  Do something..
Trump is bad for everybody.
Exactly but Trump must maintain his 100% failure rate.
Beware future Trump/GOP budgets=repeat of Reaganomics disasters
#Trump #economy
How much were Cuban 'entrepreneurs' allowed to keep from the regime after Obama's policy changes? Percentages are fine. How much?
Really proud of you !  Happy Father's Day !
Everything Trump touches is bad for the common person.  GOP needs to stop him
You meant to say "may hurt your big donars". Marriott will survive. This isn't about you. Great Day for the Cuban People and America.
Thank you for your stance on cuba
So Vermont has sjy high unemployment and riddled with drugs yet the ppl of Vermont keep voting dem? # draintheswamp
Why do you go against the President every chance you get?
And you know this because you have built businesses and been extremely successful at finances etc? You're such a Dem-full of crap!
American Politicians, including yourself, pass bills that hurt most of the population but benefit yourselves and the rich. Pot meet kettle
If you vote yes on #Trumpcare then 2018 will be a very bad year for you. DONT DO IT.
I voted for Trump first - others just came along for the ride. You are killing the GOP & the 2 party system. Dems will control in 2020
Cubans here don't think so. Quit being Marriott's water boy.
True! History says that openness helps people not govt! We thought the sanctions on Iraq would help Iraqis but it strengthened Saddam!
Repeal Helms-Butron
Repeal Trump and co.
know what would change all that?  a Trump hotel in Havana.
Thank you. Progress, not regression.
This is because the Trump Admin has the same authoritarian policies as the Castro family is still practicing in Cuba.
Cuba needs American companies. You think ppl will support oppressing regime when they could have Apple, Starbucks and better wages?
Trump, Mario and the rest of their gang could care less for the Cuban ppl. Mario et al are still fighting a war ended long ago. No heart!
You sure have a lot of liberals liking your tweet. What party do you belong to now? When are you up for reelection?
Ummm... the GOP is the party of free trade.
Why not just switch parties..
Being Republican doesn't mean having blind faith in a corrupt and incompetent administration.
@MaggieJordanACN @washingtonpost The Intent is nothing but hatred of Obama.
The intent is do the opposite of Obama. That's all trump cares about. Doesn't care about the impact or the people effected. Doesn't know
YOU can do something about this. Get enough Rs to join the ads to pass legislation to circumvent this absurd EO.
Humm
Your never trumpers horns are showing. Serving your big campaign donors . Your up for re election , right ?
Of their wages. So how does that benefit the Cuban peoplewet foot dry foot needed. You really have no excuse for complaining about new Cuba
Benefit Cubans , American business have to partners with the Cuban government, and Cubans are paid in fake money ? They get to keep 10-15%
It doesn't impede Americans from traveling to Cuba , it ensuring money not going to the Cuban government.So exactly how did the Obama policy
Ring a bell , what Cuban business opened in the U.S.? Hurts America , no big corporations park money off shore to evade taxes .
Your upset about trump Cuba policy, but I gather you voted for Russian sanctions . Can you pls explain the logic with that . Cuban missile
Okay you speak in generalities which means it possible propaganda ,
Get on page with the President and get the work done that needs to be done. Is that so hard?
What? You expect good business decisions from this fraud? He owes someone. Now, vote no on that horrid insurance bill.  It's NOT healthcare.
News flash flake was in office and Arizona saw a 116% increase ,he part of senate they are creating their own bill . Pls keep up
Seriously?  Keep up?  Try again.  Insults don't work if the target doesn't accept them.
That was jibberish ,with human rights violation trade with Cuba with ruin our economy and continue to increase the cost of healthcare
Meanwhile,  what about our Healthcare? Save and repair #ACA . People ARE IN NEED...why are you being heartless?
Puzzling set of priorities from Trump.  If he's looking for a groundswell of acclamation, this won't do it.  Is that Putin driving the car?
.Good tourism to Trump is when it goes to his businesses.
Which other regimes do you oppose and why? Just curious what's so special about Cuba.
There u go again. Always opposing our Potus. Why dont u just change party affiliation?The Cuban ppl wanted this, what do u know about cuba?O
Why are you even a Republican? Does it not register with you that all your supporters are liberals?
@MACROPHENOMENAL I think you agree here
Agreed. It's silly place to draw a line in the sand
Maybe if you stop siding with a corrupt President with a 65% disapproval rating you could stop the BS. But you will always put party first.
http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/trump_administration/prez_track_jun16 …
THANK

YOU

About time someone spoke the hell up about this
Place with Cuba now on shaking ground.We must STAND FIRM with other countries. They must cont. To see how strong we are. We must not waiver.
What President Obama did between America and Cuba was a peaceful alliance betwn the two. He was a good example. America was in a good place
Sen. Flake.  Please join the resistance.  You know the evil that is the Trump admin.  History will not be nice to co-conspirators.
@JeffFlake   Ask under oath how his family finances will be helped by this. There's got to be a connection #followthemoney
Under oath doesn't mean anything to this administration. how many times has the top law enforcement lied?  #sessionsisperjury
It's a shame the President can unilaterally go back to things that didn't work for 50 years. Can you do anything?
Well, Duh! You do know that Trump's only goal is to dismantle anything and everything Obama did with no regard to consequences. #stopTrump
If you had a brain, you'd know thats not true. This is what the Cuban ppl want. So duh to you! Just ask @marcorubio
That's not what Ted Cruz says, & I trust him more than I trust you.
Pull your head out of that dark hole. Believe me you're not smelling roses. Tired of you constantly trying to de-rail the train.
The train you're referring to is driving off a cliff. He's trying to save you. As far as I'm concerned you can plunge, tho.
it's always obvious who's side you are on..... #nevertrump
What did Rubio gain from this?
Agreed. Pls help stop this horrible trumpcare bill that is being worked on- terrible for Arizona!
Thank you for the job you are doing !
He a republican that was a republican product . Do you know why insurance is going up?entitlement going up?seniors vets benefits are nilch
I agree with you, senator. What affect will the new Senate health care bill have on US workers?
Well if you live in Arizona 116% increase not a good thing , how is supporting the GOVERNment who pals with Russia help ?forgot the sixties
That's another issue on which we agree. If you vote NO on the #AHCA we could be 3 for 3. @Arizona_Strong @AZ_Indivisible @IndivisibleofAZ
You apparently don't live in Arizona 116% increase in premiums
U Sir, better see the light, train is the one to reverse all the BAD things Obama done in 8 yrsu and bunch of wimpsdid nothing for 8yrs
Would you like to explain your views on the Cuba policy debate or are you just siding against Obama?
The Cuban ppl have had worse time,Castro has not changed his waystake their money family send,they have sent lots of$ Family not get it,
Sure, but this policy actually opened up the Cuban economy some. Plus, Raul Castro could be slowly persuaded towards democracy.
And what about The Health Plan for Americans???!????
Senator, when will you stand up to Trump?
But really. Please.
