Oppositional defiance disorder is mental health disorder
The irony.....McCain can't vote on the health care bill because of his health.  Please don't take this right away from us Flake!
Just like Medicaid food stamps and welfare it's an ENTITLEMENT.  The ss I paid into 4 more than 40 yrs will be in jeopardy bcause of it.
I hope you and he are both crusty enough to tell @SenMajLdr that the health of Arizonans is more important than his legislative agenda.
Please remember that even if you do not like the current healthcare system nothing in this bill will be an improvement. Please vote NO!
McCain is the 2nd least popular Senator, & you are the 3rd least popular Senator in the country.
Trump is going to spend 10 million $ to get you out of senate to bring in one of his puppets, it is beyond time to stand up to this clown!
Okay, but vote to stop Trumpcare.  Country over party, please. 
#StopTrumpcare
How do you feel about AMERICANS paying your great insurance when WE THE PEOPLE can't get good, inexpensive healthcare? DO YOUR JOB!
BCRA was stopped by 4 GOP senators with a conscience. Wouldn't you want to be a maverick as well and earn Arizonans' respect?
Sending good vibes your way! I hope him well.
Yes! But can you imagine what would have happened to him if he had no insurance???? VOTE NO! Bad for AZ!
As you recover please think about not having insurance coverage for this. How would you pay?  What would you lose. Where would you go
Please stand w SenCollins, so that a bipartisan bill will be worked on,
&even our neediest can have care.
Ppl I know cannot work wo medicaid
He needs to leave the senate and you do too, you're both an embarrassment to conservative Arizonans
Praying for speedy recovery and defeat of the cancer.
Be a leader: demand Donald Trump to release his tax records. Perhaps this will earn him the trust he can't get right now from most people.
Hopefully you'll BOTH get replaced.
McCain used his healthcare, paid by Americans, & when recovered was going to vote to take it away from millions!
Glad he has healthcare to help him with his recovery. I will be so happy to vote both of you OUT if you vote yes for this shitty bill. 
Be American, Vote against #trumpcare.
John McCain is a hero. My hero is in the image. My sister, born with autism,  ACA helps! I no this bill, it will hurt. Please! Dont hurt her

This cancer survivor can't speak, but that won't stop him from speaking up against Trumpcare 
Is he in your book? He's a RINO, lost his way! Are you a RINO too? Just do UR job. HELP POTUS #MAGA. U shouldn't have time 2 write a book!
I'm sure you do since you're both corrupt politicians.
Time for McShame to go!  We're sick of all you RINOs
You can still make a difference for the common folks; the insurance and pharmaceutical industries are not as loyal as people. Trust us!
Your vote was not needed to stop BCRA, but it would have been so nice to have had it and challenge Yertle the Turtle' idiocy.
The republican healthcare bill would damn any family to a life of financial hardship or death for the same procedure Senator McCain just had
I pray you both do the will of people when he returns and vote NO on the upcoming disastrous healthcare bill. Vote with the people not party
And I hope the 2 of you will get on board behind our President's agenda!!!!
Prior to June 2016 Meeting, Trump repeatedly stated he had met Putin. Beginning in July 2016, Trump began claiming he never met Putin.
Just can't understand someone like you How can you stand by while GOP threatens to yank HC from millions and the WH is out of control ?
What's out of control is so many people's belief that it's the govnt's job to take care of them. ONLY the free mkt. system will reduce costs
Sen Flake...Trumpcare is immoral. Your independence from Party-line politics and Trump is appreciated by Arizonans. Hold your ground!
stay strong Senator, do what's Right for Arizona and all Americans, this Administration is Not Just.
Yes. So he can vote to deny healthcare to 26 million less fortunate Americans. Sure. Why not? #TrumpCare #trumpcarekills
and we look forward to both of you voting against trumpdontcare.
No, he is not....
Please vote against Trumpcare!
@JeffFlake please READ THIS THREAD by friend, stage IV bc sister @CultPerfectMoms 
She advocates, helps others daily
1. Hey healthy friends: I love you. I really do. But we need to have a talk, about how you can be a good friend right now.
You are probably better at political calculus than I but what are the odds that Trump will be completely toxic in 2018? Don't knuckle under!
He's being given life saving care that WE WOULD ALL BE DENIED IF YOU VOTE TO PASS YOUR HC BILL!!!!!  Be a better man than Trump & save us!!!
You don't have to worry about healthcare either - don't you want that for all of us?
That's because he has great healthcare our taxes pay for. Healthcare is a battle for some of us. How is that right?
I wish you both good health, truly.  Get well soon Sen. McCain.  Respectfully request you consider "no" vote

Opinion | An open letter to Sen. Flake: Be the conservative who stands up to Trump http://wapo.st/2uARsav?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.e8e16b0a65a8 …
please don't support the 'health care' bill. Vote no. People over Party!
"your" president only sent out tweets about the golf tourney at his club...no well wishes for @SenJohnMcCain or President Carter#shameful
John represents a "preexisting" conditionvote NO on AHCA...stand up to Trump...don't let him bully you
Will you stand up to Mitch and protect your constituents' health? Or will you put politics first?
#MondayMotivation @JeffFlake GOP is dying under @realDonaldTrump We need Independent thinkers of integrity like @SenJohnMcCain #MorningJoe
Get well soon, you are a true patriot and we are counting on you to remove corrupt Putin regime from White House. #SaveMedicaid #ACA
He will benefit from health care that many will lose if the Senate bill passes.
What a coincidence! I look forward to both of you leaving the Senate.
He made a deal with the devil (Soros)
@SenFlakeStaff https://twitter.com/ericgarland/status/886705103658516481 … McCain knows the jig is up!  Wish you did to!  #FakePresident #FakeGOP #FakeFoxNews #FakeReform
Wow. Get better Sen. McCain. Who knows this gov't isn't legit...and who knows McConnell is a...

...oh, if this is intentional, it's good.  
Good thing he has great health insurance.
Please Senator Flake, vote no on the h c bill!  It will hurt our great state!
Stitch his mouth shut, he is no loner welcomed in the GOP
Nice sentiment  When John returns to the Senate, please send get well wishes to 23 million Americans by voting no on motion to consider BCRA

Arizonans send our best healthy energy to John McCain. Also, a no vote on the health care bill
You need to make sure everyone has the level of healthcare that Sen. McCain received. Think about this & vote no on TRUMPCARE.
Yea Jake, I'm glad he had insurance. Don't vote to cancel his gov't insurance.
Mid term elections coming upgo kelly
I can't wait till you finally admit to yourselves you're not with the GOP and finally show your true colors. #RINOS
He is a two faced politician. I don't want the man to suffer.   He's a Republican who acts like a Democrat!!
He's the biggest rhino there is and the biggest traitor to our president. But then again so are you. You both need to go. You're not for us
Just think of all those arizonans that wouldn't be able to afford to have that surgery if this new trumpcare passes
Good thing he has health coverage provided to him Fed Gov. Could have been serious! Senators health is more important than middle classers
Can't this SOB @SenJohnMcCain just croak already?
good thing he has healthcare ur vote to gut Medicaid will leave someone in same place with 1 eye shame on both of u
I hope you and John McCain will vote for the people and vote no on the horrible Republican health care bill. Put people before politics!
I wish you the best @SenJohnMcCain. Think of everyone else who wants health care while you are recovering,  maybe this was fate
And he gets excellent health care because he's a human being, as every human being should!
Wishing Senator McCain a speedy recovery. Glad he has excellent insurance paid for by tax payers.
"Hello can you hear me? Hello from the other side. I must have called a 1,000 times. To tell you to vote against the #BRCA." @JeffFlake 

We oppose the updated #BCRA. It contains provisions that would cut @AHCCCSgov and harm Arizona's patients, people and communities. 
And the great healthcare that he is receiving will be stripped from the rest of us— the people who voted both of you into office.



.@SenJohnMcCain-we wish u a speedy recovery—ironic enough your illness may have saved millions of Americans' lives.

#AMJoy #TheResistance
Are you as brave as he is?  Will you work for all the people in Arizona regardless of political party?  Will you stand up to Russia?

WE deserve the same care! @GOP @SenateFloor @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @marcorubio @TedYoho @SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain... http://fb.me/6tA19gxGN 
Dont be a flake, flake. Think about the people who wont be able to get the care/surgery mccain did cause you took away health care. Vote no!
When he returns from recuperating from surgery, you will presumably join him in voting to deny needed surgery to others?
To vote to REPEAL ObummerCrap as promised for 8 years!
America has many heros known and unknown- some have yet to realize their potential.

And some may never get there without medical care
my birth state. Maybe I will get lucky and move out of state. Can't happen too soon.
moral compass. Now ur in the mind set of what's in it for me? I hope you enjoy your permanent vacation soon. I am ashamed to be living in
You turned into your last name. I don't understand what happened to your morals and ethics. Guess being a GOP senator affects your
even with your and McCain's vote the healthcare bill looks doomed. PTL.
@JeffFlake are you abandoning sick Arizonans to #Trumpcare while @SenJohnMcCain gets premium care at Mayo Clinic?
2 of worst 2 represent USA
Enemy within both shall be recalled than 2 be in gov McCain =Soros=Gore= Obama=Terrorist=fake News.
PRES Trump GB
Doing your jobs would be nice!
Disgusting  Healthcare CEO 8 figure salaries, while middle class families face medical bankruptcy  This has got to stop  #VOTENO

If they have time to postpone the vote then they have time to Get a CBO score now, right?

Best wishes for a speedy recovery Sen. McCain. And re: the excellent healthcare you received: YOU'RE WELCOME.

Sincerely,…


They shouldn't delay the #BCRA vote a week because a Senator has an unexpected surgery; they should cancel it forever because we all might.
Hey Jeff, insurers are calling ur healthcare plan shit. Maybe u should re-evaluate things
His insurance is tits, he will be fine
Hopefully Senator McCain be back in time to vote against this crap #HealthcareBill
The two of you should be up on TREASON charges, #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA corruption at the expense of their country,  just plain evil
I hope you and he both can be tenacious enough to stand up for your constituents. Please don't take away my healthcare.
Please encourage him to retire. He is an embarrassment to Arizona. (And so are you if you don't vote to repeal Obamacare.)
Both of you for the love of God vote NO on the horrid healthcare bill.
Have you made up your mind on how your will vote on the GOP health plan?
Yes we are thankful Senator McCain has healthcare which everyone deserves.  Now vote no to your catastrophic health care bill. Please
Maybe you'll have empathy who lose the care McCain got.
Get better @SenJohnMcCain, God bless you and your family. I believe you to be a good man, politically you suck!
https://twitter.com/elriohealth/status/882993293037981696 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
@JeffFlake Our patients say #ProtectOurCare! 73,000 children gained coverage due to Medicaid exp, Don't take it away. #KeepKidsCovered 
I pray you and McCain will,both vote NO on the Trump/McConnell so-called healthcare bill. #TaxCutForTheRich
He can afford recovery rather than penalty without healthcare !
I may not agree with much of McCain's policies or ideology, but he IS an American hero whose honor I will salute always. Thank you 4 serving
Now it's up to you to rep Az!  Please don't let this health care bill pass!
Yeah, now you guys can get to work on building the wall
My prayers go out to Sen. Mc Cain. Vote No on DeathCare for the American's that would get gutted off Their Medicaid.
Lives over Money 
Good thing he has access to such great health insurance, right Jeff?

Read the Constitution. Wow.
Wishing a speedy recovery. Does this give you the capacity for empathy? Many MORE of your constituents want a NO vote, we NEED healthcare!
Sorry he's not well He doesn't have to worry about his health care insurance unlike millions of others who are scared they'll lose theirs
Just now finding out about Senator McCain's medical issue and wishing him a speedy recovery.
Including you...that makes 1
Wouldn't it be nice if ALL could receive the excellent healthcare that @SenJohnMcCain received at Mayo. Please vote no on #trumpcare
Media lies again as DC Politicians need better
EMPLOYEE'S WHO WILL WORK 4 American Citizens n not a life time job in DC
Media=Terrorist Grps
Then both of you act like Republicans and vote to repeal Obamacare.  Dr Ward is ready to take your place.
We love Senator McCain and you! It's kind of sad that he's ill but on the other hand his getting care that your vote will deny to many!
Karma
Lucky senators, who can wreck health insurance 4 millions while exempting their own plan from their inhumane law.
Vote no on ACA if u ever want to work at this capacity again.  We deserve better, not @ rep win but a win 4 humanity and empathy, VOTE NO!!!
And we Trumpers look forward to voting you BOTH out of office. Fortunately, your term is almost up!

VOTE FLAKE OUT!

VOTE FLAKE OUT!
Isn't it wonderful he has a great health plan!    #stoptrumpcare
PPL LIKE US NEED TO UNITE
DC corrupt shall have same ins. CITIZENS
OBLIGATION give $$n therejob security
Need to elect better conservatives
Please don't take my affordable healthcare away from me. Begging you to #VoteNoBCRA for those of us Working Poor w/preexisting conditions.
My healthcare was taken by Obamacare so there's no difference, you're just assuming but I am living it
How?
And we want him to go away
So glad he has good health insurance... Looking forward to him voting on an awful plan that you guys will exclude yourselves from.
You won't be reelected
You're not half the patriot McCain is. Sad!
Vote no on HC!!!!!
you both need to go
Please don't forget... Everyone deserves healthcare. Give people their healthcare without the fine prints.
He is a traitor to Trump disgusting man at best
PLEASE....we in Tucson and around America are begging you and Senator McCain, VOTE AGAINST THIS HATEFUL HEALTH BILL.
Well with any luck he won't be seeing you. Buh bye now #Flakeout2018
Impeach or arrest  drumpf.
Voting for the arrest
OMG! Where have you been? Constituents have been looking for you for weeks now.
Part of a senator's job is to consult with their constituents. Don't be bad at your job.
Vote No!! On the death bill!
But he is in the wrong party.
That's nice.   I am sure your Dems and illegals will be happy.
Maybe Ducey can appoint you to fill out McCain's term and then he can appoint someone to run for your vacated seat. Aggrevied old men win!
You both are USA traitors.
don't vote yes on this healthcare bill... Vets and retired people are counting on you 2 to vote No.. Vote No.....
Don't hold ur breath Sean. They have both proven themselves to be sell outs.
agreed I call the @GOP the Koch Bros bitches party.. it's evident they don't care.. a guy can dream..
Thanks for supporting Russia!
