Maybe your lack of imagination is part of the reason you are a politician. Don't think too hard and don't hurt yourself lol
Do something. Tell @SenateMajLdr to appoint special counsel. NOW. TODAY. Our country is at stake. We are watching
He's now publicly threatening former director Comey. That's outrageous. @JeffFlake @JayWCobb
and as "former director" he is now simply, a citizen.
That's why I'm pissed. Comey, as an American citizen, shouldn't be threatened by a President. @NYAVGtommy @JeffFlake @JayWCobb
the whole thing is a charade, and i'm afraid to see what end they are trying to reach with it.
If you think it's ok for a president to threaten an American, you are the problem. @NYAVGtommy @JeffFlake @JayWCobb
not at all. trump is playing with fire.
Throw some gas on him. Let's burn the SOB. @NYAVGtommy @JeffFlake @JayWCobb
That would be because you are corrupted, and anti-American.  He allowed a CRIMINAL to get away with a criminal offense against the people.
Thanks to Sen Corker and Mr. McCain for telling the truth, I hope your Colleagues rise their head and follow up with you guys.
Please think of that before you vote on a disasterous healthcare bill
Seems like there is slot you just can't do.
and this is why you will be the second time I vote democrat in my life. They believe this shit, you profit from it. #SethRich
What you should be reviewing is Comey testimony that he did not find Obstruction of Justice. McCabe didn't as well. This is relevant
Hey Flake, do you question President @realDonaldTrump  now on why or when he fired Comey?  1 week after he lied to congress perhaps??
#CountryBeforeParty #TrumpObstructingJustice #InvestigateTrump
I'm anxious to see what action you will take as a result!
We need a Special Prosecutor.
There is only one reason: RUSSIA
Well it is hard to believe you may finally be waking up!
Prove you are a #PATRIOT and finally help shut this #Trump #ShitShow down!
Thank you Mr Flake. The American people are counting on you to defend the rule of law!
Which is why an independent investigation w/ subpoena power in addition to special prosecutor is needed. Don't delay or u will be complicit
Please call for a #SpecialProsecutor! No @GOP dirt was released by Russia. Are you #kompromized, too, @JeffFlake? #ImpeachTrump
time to choose: party or country? Patriot or traitor?
Then ask for an independent investigation and special prosecutor. History is watching
Senator, we are begging you to please support the appointment of a special prosecutor. Please put this survival of this country first.
So, special independent investigator right?
Sally Yates right?
Mr. Flake, for the good of your country, switch parties and investigate the President
What are you doing to do about it, senator? This is history staring you in the face.
The GOP is going to confront this in the open bright light of day or be complicit in whatever wrong is being committed against our country.
It takes a special kind of ignorance to manufacture outrage at the firing of the guy Hillary repeatedly said cost her the election. #Comey
Help America Please!!
Senator you do not want to go down like the 11 republicans on a panel that protected Nixon until the tapes came out and WOOPS
So it's time to put party above country and call for an independent investigation
HE THINKS THE WHITE HOUSE IS HIS REALITY SHOW. Please Jeff fight for ALL of Us. This is Not about your party.
As someone who is relocating to AZ in the fall I would love for you to support an independent investigation. Don't just fall in line
Please stand up for our country.
And neither can most of America.
There isnt one. It's like finding a unicorn, or a pot of gold a the end of a rainbow.
I hope this isn't more republican "pretty" talk & you'll fold to trump tomorrow. I want my democracy back!
Country before party Senator. Now's the time to stand up
I demand an independent investigation. And that Trump's tax returns be subpoenaed
That's a relief to hear. So what will you do about it?
Narcissists don't acknowledge your right to understand their motivation.
He was doing a bad job. Glad to help!
Democracy depends on you. Please call for a special investigator.
@realDonaldTrump is a traitor, a criminal. Do the right thing, be on the right side of history, otherwise, revolution. #Trumprussia
I pray Senate, the adults in the Congress do your jobs. This is not a dictatorship. He is woefully, grossly abusing his power.
What does Obama have in his database about you? Will not matter you are short time in polotics. And yes I and 22 family members vote in Az.
So do something about it. We don’t need your talk we need your action.
Please. Please. I fear for our Republic.
This is a Constitutional Crisis & cannot be ignored
This is NOT a Constitutional crisis!  
well thanx for sharing your expertise LMAO 
Please show the kind of courage your fellow Republicans showed with regard to Nixon.
Thank you... this is a political moment for *some* member of the GOP to be a HERO and put Country before Party. DO SOMETHING. It's time.
Try not voting for Sessions. Oops. Not too late to be a patriot though.
Then Senator, you have an obligation to call for an independent prosecutor. Can you put nation above party? That is what history requires.
Well, Senator Flake, maybe NOW is a good time to stop putting Party Before Country and Call for Independent Investigation of Trump/Russia
Then step up to the plate and DO something!
Then DO something about it -- don't just tweet about it @JeffFlake !
If you do nothing you will go down in history as being complicit. The truth will come out one way or another. Be on the right side.
Three words: Independent Investigation NOW
Read the letter from the Deputy Attorney General. It lays it out.
Because there isn't one Mr. Flake
And you know it
Please sir, dont make my sacrifices as a #Veteran WORTHLESS
#CountryOverParty
#Trumprussia
This might help:
Where are those letters? Link?
Dude it’s literally the second paragraph.
Right. But the bombshell that he essentially just lied about the Abedin emails came a couple days ago.
Jeff:if the pres didn't fire comy this info would'have been made public . It is known blackmail.
When would have a good time been?? He is the reason HRC is not in jail. Let's get a look at memos from Obama's time in office.
Jeff, if you want to be a Liberal Socialist Democrat then be one. Stop parading around as a Conservative Republican!
Are you kidding me?
Seriously, you and Anna Marie have way to much time on your hands! Put to better use!  Help someone!
Remove that s*it from your skull, first.
Thank you sir. Demand relief from the courts. No trump nominee must replace him
Ms Mensch,
Why so invested in our politics & especially in creating discord?
Fix Britain. You have enough issues there.
There are many US analysts abroad and US analysts that monitor foreign developments. Do you have a problem with the pursuit of knowledge?
Louise is not pursuing knowledge. Try Again.
And what exactly do you think she is pursuing?
attention
Interesting theory. Unsubstantiated and reaching at best, but interesting hypothesis nonetheless.
Jeff it is because your a FLAKE that is useless and can't do what is RIGHT! You don't like Trump, but you need to work like a Republican!!
Then you aren't very smart are you? You are also a ball less political hack who wants to make something out of nothing.
How about he lied to committee?
, HOW ABOUT THIS? JAMES COMEY SHOULD HAVE BEEN FIRED, WHN HE FAILED 2 CHARGE HRC?! HE'S THE GATE KEEPR 4 THE DEMS, CRIMINAL ACTS!
When will your party over people behaviors end senator? Is it too late to resurrect your dead conscience?
Then stand up be a man support the country you brought your children into and swore to PROTECT
the #SOCIOPATH told the Russians that he had fired Comey and now all the pressure would be off - not an acceptable rationale.
Senator Flake, check where these people live before you pay any attention to their tweets. They don't vote for you, I do! Only 1 other in AZ
The Deranged Clown thought he had Comey in his pocket but found out differently. (?)
Special Prosecutor! Or the GOP bloodbath begins 2018
Then do something about it rather than abating the whole thing
Go ahead and quit your seat there smiley
It's time to put America over party. This is too serious to screw around with.
We live in USA , not the island of magambambo! Trump needs to be impeached. Firing your investigator is beyond the pale. Credibility?
Nobody can.
At this point, post search warrant, I think you can stop searching
IMPEACH TRUMP!
Then you and @SenJohnMcCain are happy to call for an independent investigation/special counsel to get this sorted once and for all, yes?
And did you ask yourself how Sessions, who was supposed to have RECUSED himself from this, had any say in the firing of Comey? Did you ask?
Don't waste any additional time Senator. There is no RATIONAL rationale - except Boy Scout Comey wasn't going to roll over for Trump.
I get where your coming from but HOWEVER.. Let's talk Billary.. Sorry Hillary.. You  cant tell me she is guilty of obstruction of the law.
We as a country are counting on you. Ordinary citizens see the lies, authoritarian directives. Why can't you? Democracy??
How about your president is perverting the course of justice ?
Please put country first and do something to reign in DJT. Our freedom depends on it. Congress must assert itself.
Then please call for a special prosecutor, talk to Mitch, US democracy is at stake
Read Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein's letter to Trump. Read AG Jeff Sessions letter to Trump. Watch Hillary's interview from last week.
Tell this to McConnell and do something about it. Your words mean nothing without real action!
Every Democrat was calling for his firing in January.  So President Trump took four more months to act. Big deal.
Are you going to act on it or is this just more lip service?
I've spent the last 24 hours trying to find an acceptable rationale for you not calling for an independent investigation. I just can't do it
Well Jeff considering your lack of principles it dosent surprise me you wld be clueless. However, on this one u get a pass.
IMMEDIATELY...
@GovHowardDean correct , b/c he should have sheet canned back when he let HRC walk and flipped this at America
It's an escalation of a whole onslaught of fascist moves by the Trump/Pence regime. We better understand it & then act accordingly!
That's right, sir.  There isn't one.  Please convince your colleagues and maybe a vote of no confidence on @SenateMajLdr is in order
Trump's the scariest President ever!
Not Surprised you cant see a reason as you are one of the worst senators in the history of America. Just a usual Flake day!
Then do something about it!
Trump fired Comey.
Arizonans will fire Flake.
We don't need rubber-stamper representatives, and you have been a shill for Trump.
You people were asking for him to get fired when he came out about clinton...so what's the problem??...oh that's right trump won
Then do something about it!
lol
His has a new boss. That is the rationale. Think about it and you will see.
Give the people justice
Hope you know you are all still backing treason that led to a president being elected. And the pitchforks and torches are coming... soon.
Try 'there's no time like the present for POTUS to exercise his authority'.
It was the Deputy Attorney Generals job 2 start the process http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39866767 …
Schumer stalled confirmation 4 months until 2 weeks ago
@JeffFlake Do the right thing and appoint a special prosecutor or there will be a revolt in 2018 midterms
He told 45 three times he wasn't under investigation then comey said he was
Why don't you go back to the 20+ dems that wanted him fired but since trump did it it's not acceptable. No sir your partisan politics r not
TY, There's NONE! Trump scared FBI was honing in on him& #KremlinKlan. Many of us believe #Gangof8 is complicit in Coverup esp #McConnell.
I believe that.
#McConnell uncooperative and today said he'll do everything to thwart a SP being appointedHis wife got DOLSec for his silence!#Traitor
Not surprising, look at his stance with Obama.
Besides Trump, #MitchMcConnell is the most sly and corrupt corporate-owned politician in America! Yup! Yup! #McConnelling
Fear being confused with anger in the case of Trump . He is desperate just as he was when he was behind her only this time he really loses.
So please join Senator McCain in supporting an independent investigation.  That is the only way to restore the faith of MILLIONS in our
Democracy.  Thank you!
They say rats flee a sinking ship. Got a few jacket?
Back in the 1800's surnames were often synonymous with their career i.e Mr. Carpenter was a carpenter. This explains @JeffFlake ancestry
Do you really believe @JamesComeyFBI would have resigned?...perhaps Our #POTUSTrump gave him that option Hmmm
We will never find the truth until Senators from both parties agree on the need for an independent investigation
Demand an independent investigation. It's well past time.
Comey's work was being evaluated by his superiors the effect he was having on the men who work for him there recamondation was to let him go
Please encourage the rest of your conference to do some similar reflection and act on it.
You're just another flake
There is none.  You won't find one. Firing him was the right thing to do. With Trump, there was never going to be a "right" time.
And because of your lack of discernment, you will probably lose next time around.As a private citizen, with immunity, Comey testifies Thur.
Then @JeffFlake , it's up to you to take the lead and insure an independent investigation of Trump/Russia ties incl release of tax returns
It was timed to obscure the news of grand jury subpoenas being issued.
Next time the president of the united states of America  fire someone we will ask him to do it in a time frame that's acceptable to you
Then try harder - "The best chance we have as a justice system is if I do something I never imagined before, step away from them" - So wrong
Is this an impeachable offense. 

Hours?
If you have reached conclusion to fire someone, wouldn't any time be acceptable?
Oh really. Do something.
Choose country over Party
Bcuz there is none! If Senate & House in a bipartisan manner don't stand as 1 to call 4 Spec. Prosc. Then u gop's r COMPLICIT! Be a PATRIOT
The People want an #IndependentInvestigation now! You are my senator. Please join this fight!

You're just not that bright, are you.
Sessions loved Comey. He was handling Clinton e-mail correctly, per current AG. Now fired, because of it. Laughable!
Jeff Sessions in November on Fox News: "FBI Director Comey did the right thing when he found new evidence. He had no choice" 
Here's one reason, clearly
Days Before He Was Fired, Comey Asked for Money for Russia Investigation, via @nytimes https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/10/us/politics/comey-russia-investigation-fbi.html?smprod=nytcore-ipad&smid=nytcore-ipad-share …
You really had nothing else to be getting on with? Why are u surprised Comeys been toast since his bungled 'Clinton investgations'
then, why aren't you in support of an independent prosecutor?#flakeisaflake
Yeah what are you gonna do about it, though?
Important to note, comments like this have double the likes of DJT...take note @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan &  DJT has > followers than Flake
Perhaps because you are mentally challenged.  Never has there been someone with a name that so perfectly describes them.  FLAKE.
Maybe ummm....confirming Sessions was..uhh....incredibly stupid
If you love this country, please find the courage to step up and protect it. That window won't stay open forever. Thank you, Senator.
he recently told the whole world that he saved DOJ by his statement abt Emails. Not His Job
Lol, it's a common sense thing!
How about Dems in the Senate only confirming Rosenstein 2 weeks ago. Comey was subordinated to Rosenstein. Blame Senate Democrats.
I moved from Chicago to AZ to get away from liberals. Now I have 2 liberal Senators!!
How about appointing James Comey as  Special Counsel?
so you should probably act and do the right thing. This is like sending thoughts/prayers when mass killings occur, which is useless
Then do something about it! All who help with this obstruction of JUSTICE will be voted out! The majority is angry as HELL
We need an indepenant investigation into Russian interferance in US elictions.  #45 is trying to obstruct the investigation.
It's time for a special prosecutor.
You must not have looked up what your Democrat colleagues have said since last year. That only takes minutes
it's time for gop congress to get after trump the traitor.  The longer it takes the more damage it will cause to the gop. Impeach
Thank you 
Country over party!  Join democrats in demanding a special prosecutor and independent commission.
The fact that you needed to SEARCH is disappointing.  The fact you spent SEVERAL HOURS is alarming.
Hint: it's because you're irrational.
Wake up before it's to late! Develop a backbone Senator and defend our democracy.
actions speak louder than words #Trumprussia investigation!
It hurts my head trying to use logic for anything Trump does.
No time like the present 
Since when does a elected President need permission to fire someone that answers to him? Folks don't stick your nose where it don't belong.
Special Prosecutor. That's the answer. Fall with Trump or stand up for democracy. If you can't make that decision you're SAD.
Oh Boo Hoo!! Get over it and quit sucking up to the DIMS!! They aren't worth it.
there is only one reason to be tired! Cover-up!
Pence admitted Sessions was involved in Comey firing! Impeach Sessions
It was way PAST DUE. He acknowledged Clinton & Abedin's felonies, but refused to prosecute, obstructing justice himself. That's rationale.
Please do something about it.
You should change your name from Jeff to Snow.
