Thank you to the wonderful team @MayoClinic - we appreciate everything you do! 
you do realize that there are "illegal immigration"  in our military protecting your sorry ass right?
You @SenJohnMcCain are cut from the same great cloth. I'm glad I've gotten introduction to both of you, two grand and brave heroes!
More like One Lying #WarCriminal and a #ClosetDem like you. VOTE @kelliwardaz  in 2018 #KelliWard4Senate
John, if you can't stand with your party then its time to move on.
Obama's. Favorite. Republican.
He's a traitor to the Rep party and so are you if you vote w/Dems on this...

Do it and we WILL vote you out!
Isn't that a House   resolution Donna?
Well you're both traitors to your state and to this country!!!
Hey John, your wifes right hook did some damage. LOL
Both. Of. You. Should. Be. Unemployed.

But to be clear, you 2 shouldn't be unemployed, just the senators.
We have elections on their employment! You'll get your shot next year.
Correct. Let's see how Arizona feels about them. We are focusing on Chris Murphy here in CT. He has done very little other than obstruct.
@SenJohnMcCain @MayoClinic why aren't  you at a V.A. hospital? It's the only place my wounded son can go. Songbird
You and McCabe are liers and frauds i hope you both are replaced soon. Why don’t you both just change parties and be honest
One. Big. Traitor.
Follow his lead!!!
I pray for his complete recovery.   I also am very disappointed in both him and you for not HEARING THE VOTERS.
Flake the Snake n Lame McCain WILL BE Voted OUT!!!
Glioblastoma multiforme doesn't give a shit if you are tough.  It will eventually win unfortunately.
Yea, except when it comes to voting with the Pres and getting rid of Obama care. Sorry, lost all respect for him after that.
You are heros in my book!!
He's about as useless as you are. You both will be looking for a job sooner than you think
TRAITOR!!!
He is a patriot and American hero.  History will reaffirm that.
The North Vietnamese called him Songbird.

2 WEAK RINOS
According to your POTUS the 'tough dude" is a coward. The fake prez is an imbecile and u may b tarred w/ the same brush if u support his 
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
how cute. the RINO's are rubbing up on each other.
Yea great on healthcare. TRAITOR! He had 7 years to fix it. Reprehensible. He should pay his own medical bill
Jeff "Fake" trying to tell us Veterans, Americans what he believes is tough.  Try living with you "politicians" ignorant laws.
Recall Flake 2018
Tough dude my a$$.  Brothers in Benghazi died on a roof top and in lines at the VA waiting for treatment he gets at Mayo Clinic.  Pathetic
Why isn't the VA Treating him.  BS
One RINO owned by Soros! A Lib hero!!
You can be his nurse...you will have time. #nomoreFlake
So are you Senator thank you for your honesty and bravery
It's guys like you who fill save your party.  Act now because Trump is just going to become more unstable/paranoid.  #25thAmendmentNow
You're tied up with the progressive   Mr McCain  ?
  You better duck under the desk tonight.  Daddy
Might be looking for you
@SenJohnMcCain @MayoClinic unlike you
Another traitor
For the love of God Arizona, VOTE THESE IDIOTS OUT!
#FlakeOutNow
..I mean I hope he does well, but why, in his own position, could he not have thought of others in HIS OWN STATE who has such HIGH Deducts?
..he didn't think about the rest of us NON PAYBACK RECEIVERS of AZ who can't use our own Health Insurance that we're still forced to buy!
Of course, he gets paybacks to afford his health insurance--unlike others with cancer in AZ who can't afford to use their own insurance, but
JEFF FLAKE TRUMP SUPPORTERS AREN'T GOING FOR YOU TRYING TO SILENCE OUR POTUS! WE VOTED FOR HIM BECAUSE WE LIKE HIM AS HE IS, 63 MILLION!!
WE EXPECT YOU TO STAND BESIDE POTUS NOW AND WITH HIS AGENDA , DON'T ALIGN YOURSELF WITH PEOPLE WHO OPPOSE A SITTING POTUS,GET BEHIND HIM!
TRUMP HAS DONE NOTHING WRONG, THE DEMS JUST CAN'T EXCEPT THE RESULTS OF AN ELECTION AND YOUR BUDDY MCCAIN IS A PAID SOROS PUPPET, ARE U TOO?
CORRUPTED TRAITORS"
Rumor has it u plan to sensor our President? For what? Saying that two wrongs were involved in Charlottesville! I'll send money to Dr Ward!
Bills paid by Soros.....his master....
Kelli Ward for senate
If you dare vote against our POTUS this morning u can bet you are gone from your seat next yearwe are watching u and McMcain
You deserve each other.  Go hold his hand.  Bye bye.....
One turn coat that thinks only of his own vengeance.  Once a traitor always a traitor
Nice picture. When you are ready to really go your job, sir? We voted you and pay your salary!
One whimp flake
Both you and john need to resign.  Your a drag on our economy, health care, border security amd so many other areas.
Do NOT censor our President!!!
Not really.
Mr. Flake, Do not censor the president. Do the right thing. Listen to what the people want. DO NOT consider it.  @POTUS
No censure!!  Respect our President be a proud American  We the people do not want you to vote against our President NO CENSURE
More balls than you'll ever have in DC...and they're wilted to nothing...#kelliwardaz...
Perhaps u could actually both call out trump by name and put our country before party. You both have that power- use it. We need Americans.
We know what's happening tomorrow.  Vote to censure him and you'll be writing your ticket to retirement.
Are you going to betray us tomorrow?  We'll be watching.
True. God bless him. You two are still fake conservatives.
#IStandWithTrump  God bless our @POTUS. #MAGA
If this is true, not only are you and @SenJohnMcCain finished but the entire GOP! Even RINOS can't be that stupid?
I wish him no harm, but very    disappointed that he is a dem pretending to be a republican. Dishonest man. Flake too. 2 snowFlakes!
Glad you two GOP senators are showing backbones.  Trump is NOT one of us. Congress is not his puppet.  Thanks for your own resolve.
Flake before country
One tough Rino.
Such a kiss butt! Censure our President and you will pay at the ballot box! We need Kelli Ward! She will help pass the agenda Flake will not
We the ppl support our President!
American Traitor Do not censure our President 
Why didn't he go to the VA for treatment like the rest of the commoners? After all, he voted against Obamacare repeal.
Except when it comes to fighting for  the repeal of Obamacare, securing our border, etc.  He's only tough w/other peoples kids and wars.
AZ a 27-year registered Republican in the state of Arizona I will be glad to see you get voted out of office next year. You political hack.
a real man would get his health care from the same place the grunts get it. VA
You, all of Congress and all federal employees should be on Ocare paying your own way. Stop the special treatment of ALL feds NOW!
Traitors in the GOP moving tomorrow? This true - ?

@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake @SenBobCorker @GOP @SenatorTimScott
Be aware of what's happening TOMORROW! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=L50JyrbK_R0&feature=youtu.be …
You can't say the same for yourself Flake. Man up and support the POTUS and GOP or get out of the way.
What about the American people and how we're stuck with unaffordable ACA? Oh, I forgot, you have a Cadillac HC plan that's affordable.
Oh look! Its the two Arizona senators that claim to be Republicans but are actually Democrats!
And traitor to the Republican party just like you 'Flake'.
WE STAND WITH OUR PRESIDENT WHAT UR DOING TOMORROW WE WILL NOT STAND FOR IT WORD IS OUT WE HAVE SPREAD IT WIDE
After the #healthcarevote your constituents are wishing they could say the same about you.
McDrain, the turncoat.  #MAGA
Here's to praying for @SenJohnMcCain
One Manchurian candidate and just as much of a leftist global ass as you.
Thank you for your vote sir I'm very proud you stood up for America.
Good luck on your reelection. Although I hope a dem will beat u but good for u 4 standing up to trump. He's a bad man!!
traitor like you. why do you want to replace American workers with the third world. How much are the corporate elite paying you?
Forget you and your little rino butt buddy. Az is tired of your rino asses. '

One huge "hotdog" which the USA Navy covered up when he shot his weapons across the bow and killed 134 sailors. Yea tuff dude
Who's you?
You are a GLOBALIST traitor to the constitution. You are ANTI-CHRISTIAN. Repent of your wickedness. 
Uneedafaithcheck
Conservative values were not in favor of crony capitalism history Lesson:
Dump Flake. RINO and Trump hater.
You are everything everyone hates in a Politician. Fiscal Conservative my A_ _ . Jeff Flake is your # 1 concern not America
He sure is, Jeff. Even when you were lobbying him to support that farce of a healthcare bill, he refused. You could learn something there.
So glad you voted to keep Obamacare for the little ppl!
One. Scientific. Miracle.
He was tough enough to stand up to trump with our healthcare. What about you? Oh that's right!! We remember!!
He's getting the best treatment from the Mayo Clinic. Congress get waivers and doesn't have to experience Obamacare like us commoners.
Neocon. Parasite.
Gonna have to vote for your conservative opponent... not buying your crap anymore.
Lmao .... you mean douche
Yes sir HE IS
John MCCAIN is Tough, Mean and a Liar to the Middle Class! He won't Repeal OBAMACARE!
Yes agree. Been following your successful career sine in House The told you appreciated your honest efforts. Hope future run Pres
While you're heads up his ass see if he has any polyps that need removed.
Was mccain tough when he cast the vote against BO care; was he tough exposing Russian dossier? One needs more than tough
And this tough dude as u call him, along with you, have not backed the president. So tough might not be a good enough characteristic.
If you a referring to your action speaks volumes to character then you are correct... The Keating 5.
Flake you are a fraud, in an empty suit
Mutual admiration society.
Thank you for putting country before party! The other's are all cowards!
Tough enough to do the right thing when his country needed him. So what's your problem? #WEAK right @realDonaldTrump
Get better. From one Viet am vet to another.
@SenJohnMcCain If he was like 20 million ppl and had Obama care, bet he wouldn't get into Mayo clinic very fast, if at all
McCain is a grandstander like you Flake! He let the country know that he would be the deciding 'no' on a badly needed health plan! Thumb dwn
Feel better soon!
Thank goodness for repeal and replace!
Too bad we can't say the same about you Jeff.
With access to good health care.  Please keep this in mind, Senator.
…http://one.very.expensive.and.exclusive.clinic    @MayoClinic
Does not have oboma care does he
One great medical plan.
And yet you're not DOING anything about Nazi. Here's your sign

Isn't it amazing how these guys can unite against our president but they cannot unite for the people of our country. Vote @kelliwardaz
Sure did screw the American people and trump with that vote of his.  Hope he is pleased with his payback of trump.
Political career over get a job that requires you go to work
Name fit personality world full of flakes
Get rid of Flake and vote in @kelliwardaz #DrainTheSwamp. Get rid of the corrupt sell- outs who care more about illegals than citizens
Who paid for this scumbags surgery? Why can't I find out anywhere.

Time for @JeffFlake to get fired from the Senate. No more politicians who spend their time attacking the president #DrainTheSwamp
A pathetic human-being.
McCain is a traitor

LOL! Hah these two cannot keep their hands off of each other! They mistake there mutual admiration for senatorial effectiveness. Disasters
Pack it up, Flake, you're done! TRUMP supporters will not support you! Hasta la Vista
Senator McCain looks great! Prayers for fast healing. We need him in DC!
Give the rest of us the healthcare insurance you guys have!!
@JeffFlake @JohnMcCain Support Kelli Ward!
You are his suck buddy
You should know.. Trump Train Xpress Choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo
I wish YOU were tougher against Trump et al.
 
One tough  Songbird, traitor, Soros funded, cowardly,  I think he is Jeff Flakes mother!
Because he calls Trump out by name? I agree.
You also probably voted for Hillary
No: tough ss getting  medical care at Phoenix VA he supposedly "fixed."
The vets who are served there are the the very brave
@SecShulkin
Both traitors and sellouts to country, party, and people.
From one flake to another.
RINO
You hire illegals to save money and avoid paying taxes. One of your sons is a racist and the other one is a serial dog killer. Resign!!
Vote @kelliwardaz
You are a traitor.stop sending me request for money to re-elect you. I don't live in your state and I support our president.hope you lose
Does not excuse his betrayal to the Republican Party. Voted out of hatred for Trump rather than love of country. Can never forgive
I hope he gets well & beats cancer. I also hope he promptly retires & that you either resign or get beat in your re-election bid.
Meh. No tougher than anyone else going thru this, esp young mothers and fathers.
And children.
