Warfighters? Our brave military does more than fight wars. Why is it you Republicans love war so much? Defense contractor $$$$$.
Now continue doing right by these vets & make sure that they &all Americans have access to healthcare, regardless of preexisting conditions
We need to cut military spending. Shame on you.
Sen Flake - please vote no on new same old version of GOP health care bill so citizens will not lose the medical care they need to live.
Give on one hand and take away with the other.  Typical spin from Washington, DC. Term limits are the answer.
If we didn't have war we wouldn't need the corporations who benefit the most from it. These funds NEED TO BE for the soldiers & their safety
You should vote no on #GrahamCassidy . Seniors can't afford it.
AARP: Older people could pay over $16,000 more per year under ObamaCare repeal bill http://hill.cm/W9XMXaO  
No middle class American citizen supports this but keep lying to yourself.
Then why do you want to take away veterans healthcare by voting for the evil new healthcare bill?   People are not going to forgive you
Jeff Flake & Mormon moms
No to #grahamcassidy
Pregnancy shouldn't be a surcharged #preexistingcondition Jeff!
@SenJohnMcCain
@amberlfillerup
Also adds billions to the Deficeit. "Warfighters"? You mean Warmongers & Draft Dodgers.
Choose The Right, senator.... sending insured people into the "declined for pre-existing conditions" world is not right.
Vote no on trumpcar e disaster!
Bye bye Flake 2018
Funny thing to have your last match your personality
Too bad your not as motivated to: help the poor, students, better healthcare for all, have a conscience, have a heart, having morals...
Now vote for #GrahamCassidyBill
Be honest about the healthcare/pharmaceutical industry: their priority is breaking record earnings. Charge more premiums, pay less benefits.
Everybody "supports the troops" when it's time to blow things up. Impress me by supporting them when they come home and need care.
YOU ARE A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR FLAKE! YOU HAVE BEHAVED AND VOTED LIKE A LIBERAL YOUR ENTIRE TERM...NOW BECAUSE OF KELLI WARD YOU PRETEND. SHAME
We already have the strongest of national defense. End the Oil Wars Now.
Now we can waste even more money on the deaths of Americans and foreigners instead of improving lives here. Thanks dude.
No #GrahamCassidy 
Dude the clock is ticking
Do the right thing for Vets & LDS Mormon moms 
No #GrahamCassidyِ
Obama said the USA is militarily stronger than next 8 nations combined. GOP wants rest of world in total submission to America's power.
It seems all it takes for you to vote approval of a bill is to see the GOP stamp on it... no curiosity, no evaluation of its merits... Sad!
You can side with people in their search for health needs coverage or you can side with mercenary insurance companies in search of profit.
You already gave a nod to Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill. Have you read the bill or are your anti-Obama instincts just kicking in?
Healthcare for all Americans is far more important than more tanks and missiles
Where do you stand on Cassidy-Graham block grant? This does not provide or protect long term healthcare.
Now do the right thing and vote against Graham-Cassidy. You know it needs to go through committee. Thank you. #ACASavesLives
If you blindly follow Trump and GOP leadership off this cliff, you'll pay the price. 2018 is close.
Please vote for ending the war. Give our warfighters a chance to come home! @RandPaul @alexwitoslawski @kelliwardaz
hope "your" family never has a health crisis#NoRepeal
Really Flake, Really? #Shameful!
Sixteen Patient and Provider Groups Oppose Graham/Cassidy Bill http://www.lung.org/about-us/media/press-releases/sixteen-patient-and-provider-groups-oppose-graham-cassidy-bill.html … 

And the repeal of Obamacare. It is a ripoff and failure. If it's not then congress should be on it too.
Too bad you don't support all of the agenda to protect our border and citizens.
Send YOUR children to the armed forces.  That will help.  Stop making the military a welfare system. Most join be/c they can't afford collge
"Who said money makes the world go 'round?
They just didn't know
Murder runs the globe"
#GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans  We're watching, Jeff!
You mean big defense contractors?
You don't give a damn about the typical service member.
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
You wouldn't know a strong defense if it bit your hind parts, this is larceny not defense, war is good for capitalism not people
No one cares.
A lovely plea... now don't take away our healthcare!! Stripping away coverage for preexisting conditions?? How could you?!
What about adequate health care coverage for your constituency, the most important of whom are children & elderly living in poverty?
Another dumb fuck senator deserving to be vaporized by a Chinese nuke.
$$$ for the military not a problem, but heaven forbid poor sick people get any break
Koch brother's say no more money unless Senators take away people's health care and gives tax cuts to the wealthy.
GO AWAY!!!!!!
Yes & pleased to enhance the military industrial complex i'm sure. Let's stop the war machine and take care of our soldiers & vets
You've been very courageous to stick to honest principles in opposing Trump's insane ideas. Pls don't join him when he suggests that Obama
somehow squeezed the military dry for eight years. At a price of $800bil per year or $2,500 /year for every man, woman & child and more than
more than every other country on Earth COMBINED, you will only kill your own credibility by saying that wasn't enough. If it's not enough
then get rid of Sequesteation because that's the real limiting factor, Not Obama. But he does provide a convenient whipping boy. Shame
On The GOP. Start your own, new, clean party Senator.
How much does insurance and big pharm have to pay to buy your sorry ass off? If this crappy bill is so great, then put Congress on it also.
You r so full of it my stomach turns. Vote yes on repeal and u will feel the wrath of ppl in '18.  U must be one evil SOB to consider bill.
Of course Flake you voted Yes  you love to vote for these massive spending bills withOUT CUTS!
THIS HAS TO END! CUT THE DAMN US GOVT DOWN
You should really go back and read Eisenhower's final speech about the military industrial complex.
Please vote NO on the healthcare bill. Fix the ACA. Please do what is best for your constituents instead of following the party line.
"Warfighter" is not a word
Please do. Because we seeing the effects of Obama cutbacks with all the bad military incidents we are having.
You are a flake!
Flake you're a loser and I'll never vote for you again
Bad decision. Resist. Fix the ACA, don't swap it with something terrible.
Proud to vote you out of office next year
His friends at Halliburton need a cash infusion.
please vote NO on Graham Cassidy and protect American lives. An unhealthy & underinsured society will weaken this entire country
Very fiscally responsible of you: https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2017-09-18/senate-votes-to-buy-more-military-planes-than-pentagon-requested …
I can't imagine how you justify taking healthcare away from people.  Please do not support this new "healthcare" bill.
And yet we can't afford healthcare that costs half as much. Your priorities disgust me.
You just lost me based on your readiness to kill ACA and Medicaid
Protect our care, no giveaways to the 1%
Lots of deflecting tweets today Sen. How about providing the resources to provide strong healthcare for ALL Americans. Country over party.
Our nation needs defending from the GOP and #GrahamCassidy. Protect our healthcare. Don't tear it down for partisan gain. Do the right thing
You plan on providing extra funding to the @DeptVetAffairs or are young Americans just chattel to exploit for war profiteers? #fuckwar
Go away! Your days in politics are numbered!
If a draft comes, there must be no exemptions other than illness or deformity. Provide no way for the rich people or students to be exempt.
DoD: We need more $$ 
Congress: Sure thing!
American People: We need funding for healthcare
Congress: No $$, spent it Halliburton CEO bonus
Typically.  Always willing to line the pockets of defense contractors at the expense of active duty and vets.
Thank you for this vote. Please vote no to Graham-Cassidy.
And reduces the national debt?
How about saving ACA as well. Fear of illness and bankruptcy on daily basis more crippling  than foreign attacks.
You're on the WRONG side of history, flake!
What the hell is a 'warfighter'? Don't you mean a 'combatant'?
You didn't have a choice...your deep state masters insist. You're an owned puppet...everyone knows.

When was the last time it was used for defense?   Probably should change the name to Dept of ridiculous wars...
Always money for war, never for health and healing. #shame
I would be pleased if you would stop voting to take away my health care.
Then please give the people of AZ enough to FULLY fund Medicaid, and keep protections for pre-existing conditions. I live in Tempe.
Arizona will lose millions if you end the ACA! You and @SenJohnMcCain must do what's best for Americans, not trump and that dumb party.
You mean defense contractors #NDAA @SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake #sameoldhustle #whodoyouthinkyourefooling
How true for the Republicans what you do unto others while be done unto to you does your party get a thrill killing people
But you want to strip 1,750,000 vets of their Medicaid and healthcare!
How could a decent human being do this? Jeff, please vote no on g/c healthcare bill.  Besides the vets, what about the other 30M voters?

Can you focus on not ruining the lives of your constituents through healthcare
We wouldn't need defense because we will all die from not having any health insurance  moron if that DEATH BILL becomes law smdh
It's Tyranny plain and simple Pizzaboy
#MedicareForAll  #SinglePayer
So what are you going to do about this disastrous new attempt to take away healthcare from millions?
But can't pay for healthcare?
War is more profitable.
Millions upon millions of Americans are sickened again with this roller coaster of you all taking our health ins away.Voters WILL not forget
Resign
Repeal healthcare!!
Ok, I agree w/ this, now, BOTE NO on Graham/Cassidy so millions can keep their healthcare.  VOTE NO on Repeal and replace
Thank you
Vote for NDAA but to hell with Americans who need health care??? A big ole FU
$700B for military to fight never-ending wars but won't support decent, affordable health care. As an #AZvoter I"m disgusted.
You should be disgusted with yourself put down the pipe
I thought you believed in fiscal conservatism? $700 billion in defense spending is not fiscally conservative.
You can't be pro life and vote to repeal Obamacare with this disaster bill.
Put down the pipe
I'm a breast cancer survivor and will be dead without pre existing conditions. If you have something intelligent to say fine if not back off
I'm with you on pre-existing conditions so is Trump you would now this if you paid attention it is a must Have
Perhaps it's u not paying attention. Trump said that during campaign, not now. I'm willing to listen- show me where it says pre exist stays
...and support another GOP assault on ACA that strips 32,000,000 of their healthcare...
Current healthcare is failing something needs to be done put down the pipe and help
single payer.  like the rest of the civilized world...
Check out how the greatest generation helped pay down the national debt: http://amp.usatoday.com/story/7708755/ 
Please vote for @kelliwardaz , we need a real conservative Republican in the Senate. 
Yes so that you can continue as one of the select enjoying the good life.  Clueless!
So more weapon spending is good but you support health care cuts for millions of people.  Unbelievable, you McCain and our idiot governor.
Are you also proud to vote for the new healthcare bill that's going to make us all sick and go broke?
So you prefer the current healthcare law on affordable and too many unavailable put down the pipe
Will you side with Trump on ACA? If you waffle he will try to bully you!  Will u be bullied? Will u?  Don't be a Trumplican! #resist
You don't even know what you're resisting put down the pipe
Blah blah. Save healthcare.
Another Republican administration.  Another war coming soon.
But you want to strip away their healthcare once they come back home. You're an anti-Veteran hypocrite.
Thank you senator! Are you also a yes on #GrahamCassidyBill ??
Of course he is! He's an anti-Veteran scumbag.
But you don't mind taking away ppl's health care. Interesting. Are you just pro-death?
Put down the pipe your healthcare is OK
Whatever you do don't you dare repeal the affordable health care act
Put down the pipe affordable care act is a failure just like DACA
Not pleased when you tried to undo internet privacy rules for your ISP cronies
Kim Jong ill's got a bomb with your name on it put down the pipe
