Meeting with a President Trump supporter

Which you are not! 

Vote out @JeffFlake the snake! He's in re-election mode 
Only time we see him
#jeffFlakeGone
I can't wait to see what Trump's nickname for @JeffFlake will be. Once Trump gives you a nickname, you're branded for life.
Flake is going doan.

isn't he on some list I heard about.....
How can you even look that Trump supporter in the face?  Traitor
#VoteKelliWard @kelliwardaz for #AZSenate #2018Election to #FireFlake #UnseatSenJeffFlake & #MakeArizonaGreatAgain 
You DO realize you are the 2nd MOST- hated Republican in the COUNTRY! A TRAITOR just like turncoat John McCain.
We voted Trump!
Flake would serve his constituents better if he was less focused on writing a book attacking POTUS than passing legislation "Sarah Sanders
I don't always agree with @JeffFlake but do appreciate him meeting w/ Arizonans while other Reps avoid their constituents.
Try to go see him ... This is just for show 
He's in re-election mode
One of handful to hold townhall before ACA showdown. Other Reps up 4 reelection are hiding. He could do better, sure but still nice to see.
Phony Flake
Are you going to have a town hall?
Not to be trusted
You will be primaried. Stand against POTUS; stand against the people.
Somebody is worried about keeping their job!
Got to say I'm disappointed in you and your behavior. You don't understand Hard Working Americans. You don't care, name says it all #flake
And your colleague John McCain is bought and paid for by lobbyist. Arizona senators are a complete #fail
Senator Flake, meeting with them on the fly in a store? How about an official Town Hall? If I avoided my employer, I'd be fired.
Flake is a fake. He will be replaced in 2018.
@kelliwardaz  actually understands what AZ republicans want. Maybe you should follow her too and learn.
Are you repping the democrats now? It's more suitable for your platform
Piggy backing on Trump's popularity while voting against his agenda.
He's done
Don't shake this RINOS hand. He will be gone in 2018. Vote Kelli Ward to replace Flake
How many fake promises is Flake making & how many lies is he telling???
Better enjoy your time as a senator because you won't see re election in 2018
Flake enjoy your handshake.anthem this morning left Arizona.u and McCain are officially gone. We r doing a rebuild in gop. Pro trump!!!
Your going down  down down. Keep ripping on the president. Your done.
You will be primaried Jeff. It wont even be close. Dr. Kelli Ward will be my AND your new Senator.
I hope so. He is a disgrace
Flake sells out American workers.He only cares about keeping the border open to bring in cheap labor.He doesn't represent the working class.
That's why he's going down.
Senator Flake has made his choice, and he will not b re elected.
10 dem senators in states trump won and roughly 15 rhinos like flake to vote out to move potus agenda.MAGA stay vigilant.fight patriots
Talking to people who don't have internet and cant see the turncoat you are? Not sure the 70+ crowd will get you re-elected.
Does this gentleman know that you are working against what he and many of us Arizonans voted for?#TrumpsAgendaIsOurAgenda #MAGA4AZ
RT @JeffFlake: Meeting w/ constituents in #Coolidge w/ @TJShopeforAZ.  
Sen Flake w/MAGA supporter. #Irony #MAGA
Get working on healthcare. Stop campaign and help make healthcare affordable
Two idiots.
Well check out that hat he's wearing flakey
Why you trying to get votes from a Trump supporters. You are a traitor and you don't deserve to be paid by us
Lmao  read that guys hat realize what's going on yet out of touch open borders democrat? @kelliwardaz @Kelli_PAC for senate 2018 #fireflake
My guess this was not pre-announced

Your campaign mode, right now, is so offputting, esp with your record
He wants out that’s the only reason he’s chosen his stance
Did you vote against his healthcare?
Hypocrite. Did some of your constituents actually find you or is this staged. I guess staged. Get a backbone.
Then repeal obama care and put a workable healthcare plan in action quit playing party politics and help people
So now that t donated $$$ to your republican opponent you're all out there for the people. Ok We'll take it but don't mess it up.  25th NOW
Careful who you tie up with TJ. Flake/flake. You might not get this R vote next time.
Look at the hat Jeff of the man your shaking hands with Make America Great again http://hat.You  are so done
Voters elected @realDonaldTrump to set our Agenda. Either support & defend @POTUS or be replaced by a @GOP who will. #Maga
to bad you have given up on doing what you would do when you went to DC. Jobs, economy, tax reform are the only way for you
Arizona Vote him OUT  !!! 
Have a town hall meeting so more people can see you!  Wouldn't that be more effectual!
Meeting with President Trump voters 
Notice the MAGA hat? That's why you will lose in 2018
Sorry Jeff.  Pandering isn't going to work.  You are gone.
Used like a fool by the corrupted liberal Press... He learned from this puppet master McCain a Traitor to the country and the party
A Sen. with no accomplishement always criticizing the President of his party because that is the only way he can get noticed by Press..
Start backing up your bravely independent words with actions to help meet the real needs of your constituents.
you are going to be voted out
Probably the last two people in Arizona who will shake your hand!
