I'm a big fan of HSA's but what happens if somebody gets a catastrophic illness before they've saved enough to pay for it?
how does a HSA deliver relief for a disabled person that would lose their insurance with repeal? Help the poor? #ReformNOTRepeal
do the right thing  500,000 AZ citizens without health care most kids state surplus gone to plug the hole is it worth it
to repeal #Obamacare are you that bipartisan you hurt the state and half of us to go along with the program yeah you represent us
you are a voice of reason. Unfortunately you're flanked by a PEOTUS and his minions who are sociopathic morons. ACA saved my life
I appreciate you working to improve healthcare in AZ. It seems like these savings accounts could be very easy to abuse tricky to regulate?
Many in AZ feel it's wrong to repeal #ACA without a better system in place.
Why not allow for competition across state borders? No competition is why health insurance premiums are sky rocketing.
SO, you bashed Obamacare, matched premiums with mortgage rates I ask, "How does your premiums match up against mortgage rates?
Meaning, if you are going to provide numbers on one side of the spectrum, you should provide numbers on your side of the spectrum
You do realize that most of us live paycheck to paycheck and every dollar matters?
Does that include the subsidy?  Because it is extremely affordable for my family. We cannot be without it
Repeal and replace? Why not repair in place?
#RepairInPlace
.@JeffFlake HSA doesn't do anything for small biz owners who can't afford the fees required to set them up. The ACA was there for my fiance.
WOW, Congress sabotaged Obamacare to implement no plan. Greed is always the final outcome. Our Congress is Pathetic & lost!
2: if you repeal without replacement this 62 yr old constituent sees my insurance cost jump b $18K. How is that feasible?
This doesn't take into account the subsidies available to most people. Our premiums are down this year.
For everyone commenting, don't forget to call his office as well to make your opinions heard.  One phone call makes a difference.
Yeah, right! And if you believe this I have a bridge I will sell you!
We pay that much for insurance for family of 4 in CA - we are not O-care. The REAL problem is that ALL insurance costs too much.
Insurance companies are the real culprit of our high costs.  Insurance companies are destroying American families.
Easy to repeal when u & all your colleagues have taxpayer funded healthcare. The vote to proceed adds $9 trillion debt over 10yrs
Don't #makeamericasickagain. No repeal.
ACA, healthcare costs have risen at the lowest rate in 50 years Insurance companies are the biggest problem Stop supporting them!
so when people rob someone do u blame the theif or do you blame the cops? i blame the theives. just like i blame the insurance co
Jeff, most of these people don’t have the money to put into Health Savings Accounts.
What is the income Level of that family of 4? Gov't subsidy wasn't intended to support higher income earners in a 1 insurer market
Yours is free, why shouldn't our health care be free? Companies don't pay either -- We pay $900 for our family and have jobs.
does this #HSA  plan deny coverage for #preexistingconditions? How does it control costs? Does it subsidize poor families?
Expanding HSA is great How about tackeling the exorbitant medical coverage prices: doctor & hospital visits, operations, medicine
You know, people without money don't have money to contribute to HSAs, right?
as soon as Congress stops making 180k a year and make the median us income, they will understand.
The 1st part of the law is called Patient Protection.Your vote to repeal removes our HC protection & access to preventive care.
PPACA is not the cause for premiums.Look in the mirror.Ur lack of action & opposition to anything BO will kill ur electorate.
#FullRepeal is the only answer. That means repeal all mandates and regs.  Obamacare is destroying my business.  Don't betray us.
PLEASE support #SinglePayer Insurance Companies are total scam!
2017 quote for 2 people. 2016 HealthNetIns prem. Under 1K...
1:Senator the ACA is a market exchange, they don't actually provide the insurance, The rates are based on the insurance company.
No repeal without replacement.
RINO. Step down
.@JeffFlake No repeal with no replacement
@RepSinema @RepDavid @JohnMcCain This is great for top 30% but robs tax revenue > deficit creator. Next-yuge deductibles;Wrong4AZ
@RepSinema @RepDavid @JohnMcCain stop railing against obamacare and describe what you propose (bait-switch not "press release")
SOLVED: increase mandate tax = more healthy people enroll = more ins companies get in = increase comp = lower premium #acaworks
how do you know? You have a golden medical plan with the government..don't make a law that you can't or would not use!
spot on Sen. Flake. Well said.
Bash ACA then put in Large-HSA MCannon-program which blows up the deficit by trillions w/o HDHP requirement - Western flim-flam.
as long as you REPLACE
HSA puts the monkey on the taxpayers back. Doesn't solve the gosh darn problem.
yet you are punished for a fine.  Damned if you do damned if you dont.  Replace it.
HSA isn’t going to help. Need to control healthcare costs and go to #Medicare4all
But misinformation isn't helpful. Premiums vary based on income. Also not saying how much; AZ has lots of million$ homes, lots of shacks.
Senator Flake please vote no on the treasury secretary nominee.
A HSA does little to bring relief to many Arizonans that have incurred a doubling of H/C costs and reduced coverage. Repeal ACA.
Is there a place we (constituents)can go to read the proposed HSA Expansion ACT?
Second that
this is a transparent giveaway to those who can afford pre-tax HSA's and the banks that profit from them. Shameful subterfuge!
So you want to take Healthcare away from Millions? Great Job. NOT.
what about the people who don't make enough money to put into HSAs? Who can save enough in an HSA to pay a hospital bill?
Sorry Jeff, that's no solution for folks that can't afford insurance premiums! You GOP girls just ain't paying attention!
I am curious as to how many #AZ families of 4, live in homes and pay mortgages but don't have a job that provides insurance.
Great question
not true. My bronze plan is $60. Month. Plus it's the Insurance company charging. Not my government. My govt gives me access!!
Poor people can't afford HSAs. Most people don't even understand them. This is not a workable idea.
Thanks Sen. Flake!  Still need work on reducing Healthcare provider costs and gvmt contribution to HSAs for low income.  But TNX!
Try comparing avg. mortgage amount vs health ins. policy premium from BCBS. Just as bad. The problem is the health/ins industry.
But our public servants can insure their families with insurance plans ordinary tax payers can't have. Is that fair?
The mercenary insurance industry has abandoned our communities. Policy premiums & addtl costs have been unaffordable for decades
I hope you guys have a better plan before you kick everyone off their insurance.
Our premiums wouldn't have been so terrible had Congress released funds for insurers for high risk pools - should be the focus
HSAs may be useful for people who have money to save, but not a realistic solution for those struggling to pay bills
This seems common in many parts of USA. Has to be a better solution #Obamacare #healthcare @FoxNews @CNNPolitics
but you have no replacement plan and what's your excuse for insurance premiums not involved in the exchange being even higher?
Kaiser foundation found that Trump voters are skeptical of HSAs, don't understand them.
http://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/05/opinion/the-health-care-plan-trump-voters-really-want.html …
Premiums through employers are through the roof as well. Over $500/month
while premiums for self employed folks are more than twice that amount. Congressmen have a very good plan though.
is in favor of preventable death of thousands of Americans.
#ACA #acaworks #ACARepealDebate #MakeAmericaSickAgain #killerGOP
