
1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
I earned $1, you earned $100. We are both given a 10% tax deduction on that income. So,should I complain that you got more money than me.

It was a simple question. Nice try at deflection.
Thread 
Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 
Trump has been telling us for nearly 2 years that the ACA is going away. You should pay closer attention.

POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
This GOP administration killed NAFTA updates. They were included in TPP. Why would any trade partners trust US now?
https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/03/trump-tpp-free-trade-deal-obama-renegotiate-nafta-214874 …
Trust isn’t the issue. Respect is!
I don't think Trump realises NAFTA isn't there for HIM to fool with. and could receive a very rude awakening. if you up the persona ....

Here is the Executive Order to undermine the ACA.

Long on propoganda. Short on details. Plenty of sabotage. 2/ 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
#freetrade puts $$ in the hands of regular ppl, and allows the country to do what it does best: innovate. Tariffs always lead to stagnation.
WRONG! NAFTA is an abomination. Until Mexico "modernizes" it's corrupt government, the US should end trade ENTIRELY! Flake = disgusting RINO
Repeal and replace. Get big government OUT of our healthcare. You promised!
In our 4th administration since NAFTA was implemented. Was that not enough time to Update it?
How are you so BLIND?
Another reason to vote against you.
I read the piece. It's a false narrative. I am really disappointed in the Snoeflake school system right now.
Stop selling out America. I'm donating to your better and she will send you home in 2018. Why not resign now and take McCain with you!
Nafta killed the mexican work force. Give a nafta agreement that works for Mexican people.
You talk a good game but always vote party line. Waiting on you to vote yr values!
Dr.Kelli Ward will win!!! Goodbye...
ACA needs an update, not a repeal. It's never been given a chance by you and the gop.
he self built for himself, (Symptoms of Narcissistic Personality Disorder) everything will be very clear.
All presidents are narcissistic  but he does truly care about what people think and seeks there approval. All politicians are narcissistic
Is Flake the one who thinks solar energy only works in the day time?
It only works from noon to 5.
Even President Bush imposed tariffs on Chinese steel. It still wasn't enough to save our besieged steel industry.
no nafta needs to go it did nothing for our country only helped Canada and Mexicoi
Hey @JeffFlake 
 I can't wait to hear the @POTUS to say "YOUR FIRED!
#fakerepublican, a real dem in disguise

DO your duty. Help remove the threat.  It is in your power. For the future of the world #25thamendment #theDangerousCaseofTrump
Tell that to Trump. Yet you vote with him EVERY TIME. Bye Jeff. Looking forward to the mid-terms. Tick tock
Just heard your comments on Fox news about immigration Muslim ban not being conservative values. U r wrong! Get it right now! Know ur base!
Just saw your response on Fox news ...all I can say is “bye Felicia!”
Jeff ... Please resign. Drain the swamp. Have you ever heard of Ross Perot? He told us NAFTA was a terrible idea. He was right.
Do u know wat modernize is? Making abortions illegal is not modern.
So ... You're not for choice?
With all respect to my old professor, NAFTA benefits all countries, but USA. A treaty should be fair to ALL participants.
Right.  Which is why we are "negotiating" about NAFTA.  FYI, you don't need to negotiate when you plan on "abandoning" NAFTA.  Wake up.
NAFTA wouldn't be an issue if HRC won Jeff. It would be biz as usual huh?!
Where have you been hiding out lately.  Glad your back, John has been getting all the Arizona Flake lately.
We need to a band NAFTA and ObamaCare. Arizonans will vote you two out
You will be voted out .LOSER
It figures that you would try to keep NAFTA while American people suffer because of poor trade deals. #rino #votehimoutAZ
Jeff the Flake has been dumb down by CNN.
Here's a better piece.
This poll puts @kelliwardaz up 16 over @JeffFlake https://cbpolling.press/2017/10/13/azsenate/ … #AZSEN

#KelliWard #SnowFlake
You are going down! 
We like Dr Kelli Ward !

#BoughtNRASenator 
Voice of reason
You are such a weak and spineless snake.
In other words, working as designed.
OK fine. But starting premise must be that it was & is anti-american global elite pigs at trough money feast at expense of all workers.
Out you go Jeffy
You need to be repealed not updated!
speak out loud and clear @realDonaldTrump needs to hear u what about #DACA #CHIP #bumpstock #ACAfix #nosenate4uin18
"Modernize"?
You mean change the language?
Like Pres. Trump wanted to for a better deal for America?
About time you came around.
Oh no no no. Flakey McFlake doesn't want to make it better for the US. He just wants to change the words so you THINK it's better.
NAFTA  has been a disaster. Vote for Dr. Kelli Ward, Flake is a RINO.
Another goofy notion form the original Flake Republican.
Clue in your wrecking-ball president on this recommendation. Too deep for him to figure out on his own being a "moron".
Can you stop it from being abandoned? If not, it's going to cost a lot of jobs and raise prices on consumers.
Please help save our country! #ImpeachTrump
Seriously ... what happened to you?
NAFTA needs more than being "modernized" - how about renegotiated so it is a better deal for American workers. Word game #GutNAFTA
Isn't that what POTUS said? Quit giving away deals that don't benefit the USA. Kelli Ward 2018
Never had this with Obama
Psychologists march through New York calling for Trump to be removed from office http://hill.cm/Fthnfdb  
Thankful the potus is looking out for its citizens and not others wanting to take advantage of us
 don't worry we the ppl of Az will modernized our reps to DC you're serving your last few months in office now, come reelection time we are gonna say to you YOUR FIRED!!!!! 
We all know you're all pawns to the Kochs. Nothing good will come of anything coming from the GOP.  You are all liars and cheats.
#nafta sucks. I don't want it.
Unfortunately the term thoughtful doesn't apply to @POTUS He is all about promises made to his base whom don't really understand any issues
No place for thoughtful in today's GOP, you only get to have knee jerk stances based on what fox and friends tells you to think.
#DumpNafta
What would you know about “thoughtful?” 
Will you stand up to @realDonaldTrump ? Actions not words.
Save it for your next book.  I am sure everyone looks forward to not reading it also
Then speak up in Congress AND DO SOMETHING.... or are you becoming another bag o’ tweet words?
The need to get Americans in Puerto Rico and USVI drinking water and food.
Hahahaha, just stop already. No one is listening to you RINOs
 NAFTA must go on
Trump is going to isolate the USA and the rest of the world will figure out how to work around us.... And the GOP is allowing it to happen
Great article. Thank u center
#Reasons #FlakeisaFake #seeabove #MAGA
NAFFTA. Free and Fair Trade Agreement.  This is about bringing jobs back to the U.S. #MAGA
Unfortunately I do not think Sen. Flake is interested in MAGA
2018 
@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
