Still haven't seen that birth certificate.
You seem angry.
Dems and reps are 2 wings of same bird. It's all gong to end like the bible says. So just sucks it up and trust in JesusNo president cansave
Did Jesus say to ignore evil & just suck it up?
No it was more like call sin what it is and when the end comes be of good cheer.
And what did you have to say what Tidy Whitey had to say about Obama?  Or the ethnic slurs against Obama, NOTHING
Was secret service notified?
Trumpcare is dead. Obamacare is a mess. Now give us single payer for every American so we can join the civilized world, and move on.
Also not funny: American healthcare. Just horrible. Forget Depp and worry about your constituents. Single-payer now!
You are right. Now let's hear the GOP speak out regarding the vile, disgusting, intimidating voice of TeamTrump and their authoritarianism.
Trump Billions for Weapons of Mass Destruction Saudi Arabia Murders in Yemen  Okay with you Follow Billions
What about when Ted Nugent said that President Obama could suck on his machine gun? Were you outraged then, senator?
BRUH LOOK AT HIS LAST NAME  he is a flake so no way it bothered him
Also, no humanity. No regard for his constituents. Can't wait to vote against him.
At this point, I would vote for literally anyone else. Except @RepTrentFranks, if he made a run for the senate. F that guy too. #complicit
This we can agree on; the liberal party has become shameful beyond measure.
Didn't ever hear u say anything when Ted negent threatened obama... hmmmm
Flake says "But Trump in a CNN video physically beating up the media is fine. Nothing Will make publicly withdraw my support 4 my clown"
Trumps language and tweets are no better!  He is actually setting the tone!!!
Agreed, Depp went overboard, as have others, but it's a sign of what Trump and the GOP are doing to this country.
Why haven't you said the same about @realDonaldTrump's comments about women?
How many times did you tweet about conservatives vilifying President Obama?
Ya what the fuck ever. Thought you approved of tRump like language it's just locker room talk.
Neither does a tweeting president, he MUST stop reACTing
and so, language used by the "president" on twitter targeting &bullying ppl is OK?  PLS STAND UP for American women, American ppl, CENSURE!!

Too bad you can't manage to drum up any outrage at desperate people losing their healthcare. Or their lives. Your outrage is solely partisan
You obviously don't know that Jeff Flake had Steve Scalise's blood on his hands the other day. You are what's wrong with America, not Flake!
Those who can only drum up outrage at people bleeding, suffering, and dying if they're rich white republicans is the problem with America
I don't think ALL Republicans are like Donald Trump. Most despise him from what I have heard.
How about the horrible language that the President used to attack a female journalist today? What's your statement on that? #MorningMika
Know what's not funny to seniors in #AZ? The #AgeTax. How do you think this is gonna help "access" to healthcare? 

No #BCRAP #Trumpcare
I completely agree, irrespective of being #NeverTrump and not a Republican. Thank you, Senator Flake.
Your time in office is getting shorter and shorter.  You are insuring you won't be around much longer.  You had one wake up event. Heed it!
No it doesn't just as trump should not use the language he does in promoting violence and his love of the evil putin.
Really?  Did u say that about the Obama assassination jokes, HRC assassination jokes by trumpsky & deplorables? U ain't got street cred.
Don't just verbally lambaste him! Make sure some really scary-looking Secret Service Agents greet his private plane to issue a subpoena!
where is your tweet condemning a candidate who body slams the press. I guess that was ok w/you. Glad you hold actors accountable
You have time to read things that have no impact on today's issues and no time to comment on AHCA?
So repeat it and tweet it???  Also, I think he's drunk or wasted.  That's still no excuse for you to be a Republican, which is worse.
Vote no on trumpcare
But it was okay when Obama was president and ted nugent threatened him? Or when his daughters were threatened?
Please vote no on healthcare bill.  Don't be bullied by Trump.
Funny I never heard you speak out when Ted Nugent was calling for Obama's death. Or when Trump was calling Obama an illegal alien.
Probably not Senator, but please consider your constituency and vote no on the upcoming healthcare bill.
Please tell Trump, Ted Nugent & others that THEY need to stop with THEIR violent rhetoric too! And you should do so PUBLICLY!
Senator Flake, with all that is going on around Healthcare and Russian intrusion into our election, this is what you post?#CBOSCORE
Would you consider killing someone by taking away their healthcare more or less offensive? Your vote on #Trumpcare could kill 100,000+
Just donated to Kelli Ward because of Jeff Flake's #nevertrump support
Too bad to...
Guess there are no more pirate movies in my future.
Foolish, foolish language...
Won't contribute to his movies anymore.
No one should talk like this. Not Sarah Palin. Not Ted Nugent. NO ONE.
Stop worrying about celebrities Senator. You need to say no to #WealthCare $400bn cut from subsidies to make exchange plans affordable.
I agree Johnny Depp was disgusting as is the AHCA. Please join sen collins and save Arizonans from this bill let them know you are a NO
Any republican up for re-election in 2018 will be buried by this #CBOSCORE Work with moderates like Collins to fix the ACA!
Flake says "Don't Believe what I say because I don't mean a word of it"
If you think that language is bad, wait until you hear the language your constituents hit you with if you vote for Trumpcare.
Jeff Snowflake is mad again but conveniently forgets all the times this was said the last 9 years
How come it was funny when Trump said it about Hillary?
You know what we actually care about and it ain't Johnny Depp. You can keep trying to hide and deflect, but we are not going away. #VoteNo
Let's worry less about celebrities and more about ensuring health care for your constituents. Mkay?
Do you recall how many times trump incited violence?? How about Ted Nugent??
The language& elements on this lack healthcare bill is what you should be worried about. I will be greatly affected. Insurance is not care
I vote and campaign in AZ. Your supporting this bill will be a vote against your reelection bid. Cont on it.
You know what else is not funny is saying you're pro-life, and then saying pregnant women don't deserve care.  #SaveHerCare
YOU'RE RIGHT IT'S SILLY JOKE, IT'S FUNNY AT ALL!!!
Did you have fun this week-end at the Koch brothers seminar? How much were your offered to sell out America's healthcare?
You know what else isn't funny, amusing? The healthcare bill & your silence on how you are voting. Yes or no. Check one. @SenJohnMcCain too.
So why is Ted Nugent allowed to say things like that about Obama. Where was the outage on the right for that?
That's what I want to hear you say about the trumpcare bill.
What's not funny is my fellow AZ vets losing care under #Wealthcarebill #notrumpcare #vetsvstrumpcare
Prove us wrong on this: Arizonans could pay $2.9 billion under #Trumpcare. @JeffFlake is not doing anything to help.
Jeff Flake still has nothing to say about the AHCA. Instead, he spent the weekend at the Koch brothers' CO retreat. How much $$ to vote yes?
There is no targeting going on.He is an actor~THAT IS WHAT HE CHOOSES TO DO 4 A LIVING~ACT.
EXPLAIN WHAT 45 is doing please????
Where was your outrage then?
You being a senator is not funny. Not amusing. Just horrible.
Focusing on Edward Scissorhands while American citizens face life or death if #TrumpCare passes? Priorities, mate, priorities. Vote#NoAHCA!

Maybe there wouldn't be so much anger against this administration if the people felt like we were being heard & you all gave a shit about us
Jeff: Turn your lens on our Olaf in Chief, who declared he wouldn't lose his base if he shot someone on 5th Ave. Disgusting.
Just fine when Nugent dies it though, right?
How about you do your job, listen to voters, and stop playing w/lives. Be a good Christian-save healthcare/ womens rights, & just do better!
ask Trump why he invited Nugent to the WH who wanted Obama assassinated.
Also horrible and in front of you now is the proposed repeal and replace for the ACA.  Please do the right thing, sir.
Would you kindly remind us your outcry over Ted Nugent and Joe Walsh's comments re Obama? #hypocrisy #VoteFlakeOut #FlakeOut2018
How about you stop watching tmz and start representing the people of your state.

Incompetent..

#Arizona
1 in 4 Arizonans are covered thru #Medicaid
1/2 of all Kids
@JeffFlake @nnwodc @AZ_AARP @SenJohnMcCain …
He's a drunk  such a talent gone to waste pity
If u vote for Trumpcare, you'll literally be killing my son. What does that make you?
Violence includes TrumpCare which would deprive 23 million of health insur. causing Americans to suffer & die so wealthiest get a tax cut.
Umm do you tell that to Trump?
I'm ya it does.. and you Republicans are to blame..it's the was the president talks.
It's easy to complain, Senator. What are you and your fellow leaders of the nation going to do to stem the toxicity of words that divide us?
WHERE WERE U WHEN TED THE COWARD NUGENT THREATENED OBAMA'S LIFE ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS?
#HYPOCRITE
included by elected republican officials
Your party has no right to feel shocked or upset about anything anyone says. After the unending death threats that were made again Obama
A person like trump has no place, anytime, anywhere, especially as president. Nut funny. Not amusing. Just horrible.
We will all be watching your vote on the Healthcare Act!! Remember, your constituents first! Party second!!!
Your voicemail is full. We members of AARP urge you to vote against the Health Care Act. Dont put peoples' lives in danger! Have compassion!
Jeff is an employee of Koch industries that's really who he serves and his bosses want tax cuts.
There's a lot of #Kochsuckers across America it seems.
He says that but then goes to talk to his bosses the Koch brothers to conspire to take healthcare and benefits from us all.
Call out your #LiarInChief president, too. He's worse
How about condemning #AHCA ?
No on Trumpcare. Talk to GOP friends re incendiary language. Stop taking $ from NRA and support gun control. Your mailboxes are full. 85704
I voted for you cause you have a backbone. I do hope you vote against this horrible healthcare plan.
Ewwww. You mean more horrible than the fact that 450,000 arizonans will loose healthcare after you vote for the the bil???
@realDonaldTrump "you will find out WHO really knocked down the #WTC" @HillaryClinton https://www.opednews.com/Quicklink/President-Trump-s-Lies-th-in-General_News-President-Trump_Trump-Lies-170624-603.html#comment664247 … #911Truth #Eyewitness
Fellow Arizonans. Flake will vote For the new Healthcare Bill. That is a fact. So dont waste your time trying to convince him.
Jeff- you're focused on what Johnny Depp is saying when 23 million Americans are about to lose health ins? Get your priorities straight,man!
Jeff if you guys keep fearing the extreme right you will probably hear more of same. Vote against this healthcare/ really a tax break plan
Nice try with the distraction...VOTE NO ON THE HEALTHCARE BILL!
Standing up for #resilience also calls us to stand up for #human #respect and a commitment to #nonviolent #democratic #government. Always.
We know ur going to this event jeff. Vote no on ahca! Elected officials attending Koch summit in Colorado Springs this weekend:
Plz vote NO On Health bill MY twin has Cerebral palsy and my Veteran daughter is seriously I'll for life.Thank you!
Totally uncalled for. Never even joke about violence.  As an actor, comedian or politician.
Veterans deaths and abuse  at the PHX VA has no place, anytime, anywhere. Not funny. Not amusing. Just horrible.  Vets are still dying!
I DARE you to meet me over at the Phoenix VA to address concerns of abuse. I have recordings so what's more important? Jokes, or dying vets?
I'm more concerned about the actual lives you will be killing if you vote yes. Priorities.
I know you're right & if this were said about any other former president, regardless of party, I'd be upset. With Trump, not so much.
Of all the things to tweet about, you choose something so pointless as this? How's your review going over this crap healthcare bill??
Agreed. But this president has made "politically incorrect" okay. See what you've tied yourself to? IT'S NOT TOO LATE. Vote NO on Trumpcare.
Millions will not be able to afford health care coverage with the current Rep bill. Call Schumer and be a pioneer and work with him!
It is horrible, but our country is in a horrible place.  You are in a position to do something about it, Senator.
you could say the EXACT same thing about the text of the Senate GOP health care bill.  Depp is a much easier mark.
Why aren't you focused on someone's CONDUCT rather than language? We're depending on you to be serious now. Depp is a sideshow.
Did you say that when all the horrible things were said about Obama?
By the way, did Tanner ever clean up his use of racial and homophobic slurs?
agree 100%. 
and Senator Flake, please vote no on this tax cut bill, er I mean "trumpcare". PLEASE. there are so many people at risk
When is the last time we have ever heard anything intelligent from the actor community? stupid yes,funny no,intelligent never
Read your tweet comments. Your constituents are overwhelmingly against  TrumpCare. Sincerely, #AZ Voter #FlakeVoteNo #SaveMedicaid
Distraction. #NoAHCA #SaveMedicaid
I agree @JeffFlake. You know what else is even more horrible, the #AHCA bill. As your constituent I implore you to Vote No! #SaveMedicaid

It really appears many GOP officials are committed to simply lying about their healthcare legislation. https://twitter.com/ddiamond/status/879000887171088385 …
You're correct of course.

But your voting yes will kill much more innocent Americans than Johnny Depp.  Do the right thing.  #ACHA
you know what's really not amusing?  a healthcare bill the strips coverage from the poor & rewards the 1% with tax refunds!
Flakey your lack of caring about humanity in Arizona is even more horrible and horrific;. People are tired of your BS
I totally agree!!
Why not? Why is allowed for trump to offend anybody while Johnny should be "politically correct"? I am fed up with these double standards!
Language is nothing compared to what you're about to do if you pass that health care bill.
You'd have more credibility if you had been this vocal about Ted Nugent and Al Baldasaro just a few days back. Have fun in the next primary.
Yep. Just like your health care Bill. #justhorrible
You're right. It's horrible. Just like the pictures, memes and comments about the Obamas for eight years. It was incredibly ugly and mean.
Please don't treat the health of the people u represent like your son's dog kennel, we and the dogs deserve(d) better
True, but didn't DT run his campaign on negativity, name calling and threats, he turning America into a Jerry Springer show.  Ugly and mean
I agree, but please don't use this as a reason to vote for that awful bill that will hurt Arizonans!  Vote no on healthcare bill.  Please!
Flake, do your job. Put America first & you won't be hated. Take away free/ honest elections & healthcare and u become a traitor.
Please stop with the selective outrage. You're worried about language and GOP wants to throw sick & poor of healthcare plan?
Definitely agree with you. Way too much
You know what is funny? You can take the time to express horror about Depp, while voting to impoverish elderly Americans
You are right. I wish you had posted when 45 said 2nd Amendmenters could do something about HRC. Or Nugent told 44 to suck his gun.
Ted Nugent? Trump and the second amendment on Hillary?
No it's not. Neither is your support of trumpcare which will endanger kids, elderly and sick.  #trumpcareiscrap
Please build the wall!
Huge premium increases for preexisting conditons - Language like this has no place, anytime, anywhere. Not funny. Not amusing. Just horrible
Massive increases in premiums and deductibles - Language like this has no place, anytime, anywhere. Not funny. Not amusing. Just horrible.
HUge tax cuts to the rich as a "healthcare bill" Language like this has no place, anytime, anywhere. Not funny. Not amusing. Just horrible.
Cutting 800 billion from Medicaid - "Language like this has no place, anytime, anywhere. Not funny. Not amusing. Just horrible."
I agree with you Jeff flake Johnny deep went to far most of America does not like trump but nobody has the right to talk about harming him
45: 'I could shoot someone on Fifth Ave & people would still vote for me.' Pot calling kettle black. It's not 45's first call for violence.
Taking away healthcare to give tax breaks to the wealthy is truly horrible Senator
Unfortunately all to common from both sides and does no good, some people should have a stage
Almost as horrible as your mass murder plot.
ridiculous much?
I wonder if you be this adamant if it had been a democrat. GOP criticized Michelle for bare arms, yet this FLOTUS has appeared nude in mags
guns, the situation may have been different'. Typical NRA crap.
I will go as far to say when La Pierre speaks I hope a red dot appears on his forehead. Surprised he never said 'if the ball players had
What if I said wipe that smile off your face? Or someone will.
