Funny you should mention support. As you have none.

Not so much
We are not only the majority but we won the popular vote as well. Get over it. YOU LOST.
Having a senile man-baby as your poster boy is not "winning"
America is working correct this abomination.  See you at the polls in 2018/2020
Yeah good luck with that. Early polling already showing it's going to be a blood bath for the dems.
By the time Trump is done shitting the bed, a Republican will be lucky to be elected to a school board let alone a position of real power. 
You r naive. 2018 will b a blood bath for th dems. LMAO
#BOYCOTTJEFFFLAKE REPLACE HIM IN OFFICE HE IS A TRAITOR TO OUR POTUS AND COUNTRY AND DONT BUY HIS BOOK MY FRIEND.
"a traitor to our POTUS".  You're a goddamn fool.
Looks like you are the fool. Flake the Snake is a RINO.
He's more of a republican than Trump could ever claim to be.
OMG... Trump is not a Republican. Where the hell have you been?
certainly not... then why are you arguing he's a "traitor to our POTUS"?
Uh because he is. How you can think Flake is a conservative I'll never know. Look at his voting record.
AND HE ATTACKS POTUS TRUMP WHEN POTUS TRUMP HAS DONE MORE FOR REPS SINCE REAGON FLAKE IS A TRAITOR
Yes I'm sure he does.
Apologize more for @SenJohnMcCain
As an AZ resident BOTH deserve equal treatment... get out! Dems crawling all over our state they work "R's" whine do nothing but take the $
I'm voting for #KelliWardaz in 2018.
Gayle, totally with you on Kelli Ward
I voted for her last Nov. Everyone I know did and everyone they know did. Fishy.... I think Soro's paid for dems to vote McShame.
No doubt about it. As I said Dems working their butts off Repubs not so much. Flake's gotta go ! Dems turning us Blue , Repubs embarrassing
Gayle, can't wait for ICE to come to Tucson sanctuary city as you know. Will stand in line to watch
you're out of touch
Runaway spending destroys American's life savings - stop raising the debt ceiling!
#SmallFederalGovernment #DebtAndBudget17 #FightForLiberty
Hi Jeff Bye Jeff
LOL U give support to traitor McConnell the RINO just as you do to Songbird Traitor McCain!  Which means Soros!  WTG loser!
Of course u do. We don't support EITHER of u!!
@kelliwardaz @POTUS #kelliward #potus
Mr McConnell, Mr Flake... prepare to be drained. #DrainTheSwamp
@SenateMajLdr  @JeffFlake  
We Are The MAJORITY OF VOTER'S OF OUR PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump 
YOUR TIME COMING! TO PASS OUR AGENDA!
WINNER'S OF OUR PRESIDENT!!!
HOLDING WASHINGTON ACCOUNTABLE
YOU MIGHT BE ON VACATION ! BUT WE'VE NOT! STILL WAITING! REPEAL AND REPLACE!
Of course he has your support. U R gonna get beat next year. Hopefully if #Kentucky voters follow #Arizona McConnell will be gone too
McConnell was just reelected. Ran against Alison Lundergan Grimes a great candidate. People don't want to give up the majority leader power
6 years....hopefully he'll be out. In the meantime, if enough GOP and DEM seats flip to qualified GOP, he'll be voted out as leader.
That's why we need a strong Dem to run for Senate against you. McConnell is a reprehensible pig.
RINOS stick together!!
No. He's doing a terrible job. @SenateMajLdr has almost single-handedly broken Congress. That's his legacy.
One Arizona senator has made a career of bipartisan politics.  The other one is named Jeff Flake.
Both he and you are part of the incompetence @GOP and need to go. Have had years to prep care and now shit. #WeThePeople will get you out.
Jeff FLAKE You're going DOWN and so will MITCH #DitchMitch and anyone who supports HIM in #Senate #WeThePeople WANT #TrumpAgenda PASSED!

Swamp meet Swamp!! Flake is outta here!!
Sad, sad, sad. That man has done NOTHING for the U.S. BUT obstruct & interfere for PERSONAL reasons. He needs to be removed.
Ya, mcconnell is a great guy if ur a white racist 
I don't even think white racist people like McConnell.
Hope your entire party goes down with him.
Been watching way too much #CNN & #MSMBC lately 
#WitchHunt 
#FactCheck
Another delusional troll- You do you
Ur going . How did u get so far in politics with a name like Flake? To think ESPN removed an asian reporter bc his name was Robert Lee
Mitch and yourself should be looking for new jobs! Your both bums that are next to be thrown out!! #MAGA #TrumpRallyPhoenix
Even when he cowardly hides n doesn't call out THE WHITE SUPREMACIST IN CHIEF @realDonaldTrump 4 his failure 2 denounce domestic terror acts
A man with no accomplishment, s little man with no character used as a puppet by an old traitor who mastered treason in Vietnam
You mean he did well in obstruction for 8 years, sblocked a SCOTUS nominee for nearly a year, then failed with #trumpcare, you're correct.
You flake, Jeff Flake! You shall be defeated @ your next election. You are an embarrassment to all Arizonans. Dolt!
@JeffFlake disagree with you there respectfully
Jeff Flake, see if you have our support 2018.
And that's the problem. You don't just support him, you're his damn shadow. Whatever he does, you do. Think for yourself, Jeff.
What he does is find ways 2harm large blocks of Americans. Mr. Flake you support that? You shouldnt as if you do, its time to vote you out!
IF he impeaches #Trump I will give him credit...for he will have ended America's worst nightmare @SenateMajLdr
Probably about 63 million Americans who would disagree. Now hurry along to your mailbox and get your welfare and head to the soup kitchen
you R a complete fool & have no clue that U R--Trump cannot stand his supporters, he is an atheist, likes the rich & famous--NOT YOU! #Idiot

Crickets? Sorry I know how Lefty's hate things like research and facts.Truth is I am sure you are all good people just misinformed #cnnlies
Crickets?? Seriously. Some of us have jobs & lives & interests outside of hiding behind Twitter. Thanks for your shallow reply though.
don't believe I was replying to you
Nor was I replying to you. See @Jeff49507377's tweet
That does not speak well for your character or judgement. I will vote against you in the next election.

Arizona is well aware of who you support. Which is why we will primary you out #2018, you're a #RINO disgrace to #ARIZONA
My RT is to expose @JeffFlake hypocrisy. He needs to condemn these people by name.
You all talk a good game. But at the end of the day will do nothing. Because you are trump and trump is you. Inseparable parts of a whole.
What??????
@SenateMajLdr is epically failing in his job @JeffFlake!  His silence today is an #epicfail
Term limits
You live up to your last name
Flake thank you for supporting, Antifa, Hillary, socialism, democrats, McCain! Too bad your not man enough to stand for DJT, America & me
Time for you to resign, fake REP
He's a racist bigot who leads a failed state. I don't want AZ to be Kentucky. McCain dying is your parachute.
Your last name says it all.....
ByE BYE JEFF FLAKE

TIME 2 GO!!! 

TAKE UR BOOK & SHOVE IT!!  WE DONT WANT TO HEAR YA NO MORE!!!

#DrainTheSwamp ! 

Pro @realDonaldTrump!
Jeff Flake is standing up to Trump WOW.
You’ve promised repeal for 7 years and delivered nothing.
Flakyflake you're so gone bye enjoy end of your term
Of course he has your support...because you don't want our President to succeed. You lied to us. You need to get to work and be on our side
Support our president stop being a obstructionist.
He may have your support but  NOT the support of the Millions of Americans that voted for PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Replace & Repeal. MAGA     
Did you let your constituents know that John McCain was your tutor when you entered politics or did you keep that a secret?
Thank god Kelly Ward will be replacing you.
Says McCain Jr!  @JeffFlake @SenateMajLdr
We want Ward.  McConnel has been doing a poor job, and he needs to be replaced and soon.  He is a loser!
No worries Flake. You'll be voted out soon enough!
He does make a tough job of failing all the time, yes! #DrainTheSewer
Still living up to that last name I see.
We are taking you down Senator Flake, we're taking you down. Coming August 2018 to a ballot box near you sir. We're taking you down.
YOU ARE A RINO FLAKE, Jeff!
but you don't have American's support. Do what you were elected to do or just sit on your Family Name?
Nobody else does Flake!
You're a flake all right.
Any flake has your support!!!
sir, your name say's it all.
sir, your name say's it all.
A big surprise, I have never seen a party with a chance to change things, and Politicians to stupid to get the job done.
Yes, he does have a tough job, if you call betraying the trust of the American people "tough"!
@SenateGOP is failing us @SenateMajLdr is leading the failure  You will not be re-elected in 2018! Can't name one thing you've done for AZ
u had 7 years 2 come up w/ a plan & we got zip! Count on not being re-elected!!!
How? He didn't do the job at all.
He hasn't done anything.
YOU are a POS...and we (voters) won't forget !!!
Not from the American people!  Looks like u will both lose. If you don't support R @POTUS you don't support us! Choose a side & stick W/ it!
@JeffFlake Are you insane? Years of minority leader doing nothing & no repeal of destructive #ObamCare. You've lost this AZ Voter forever
You both are a traitor to the people who voted for you!
An endorsement from Jeff Flake is like getting an STD.  Jeff & Mitch are Progressive Shysters and not much else!
And I WILL remember this at election time. You are going to regret your decision. We the people have spoken. You are gone.
We conservatives are coming for you next year, Sen Flake. You're living down to your name & we're tired of it.
What has he (McConnell) done??
You don't have the support of the people... enjoy your last term #Flake
You are a flake. We the People do not support failure. 7freaking years and nothing. NO. YOUR OUT!
can't wait to see you voted out in 2018!!! #MAGA
But, But, I thought you said the party was crashing. He is your leader, there may be a correlation...
#resist
Says an open-borders idiot who routinely betrays his Party and country. We need you to retire too. #MAGA
So working like hell to pass CARELESSLY thrown together HEALTHCARE LAWS where millions suddenly lose health care is doing a job well???  
You are the epitome of your name...a real flake lying liberal posing as a Republican. You are going down.
I will gladly donate $$ to anyone whom opposes you in your reelection bid! It didn't take long for you to become a swamp creature!
you also need to go away!
POTUS is correct-get behind your President or GET OUT!  We do not deserve people like you.
YEA, YEA, YEA! You and Mitch are both RINOs --Go @kelliwardaz ! She has more support than you know, Jeff.
Well neither of you have the support of #WeThePeople #SoThereIsThat
About defending America instead of lining your pockets with corporate money Protect us don't betray us
Can't wait to see you voted out of office. #FireJeffFlake
-You name isn't Flake for nothin'!
#Traitors u r!Pathetic! #ResignNow U had 7 yrs! #DirtyMitch ALWAYS in top 10 WORST GOP. Ur a poor judge of char.
you don't have my support
There are no Republican Senators or Representatives doing anything but lining their pockets and protecting  positions. Work my ass!
Until we vote you out. #ByeFelicia
You would do better to support POTUS!  We would get some things done that have been left undone for years!
soon it won't matter because you've betrayed the people who allowed you to assume the mantle. Traitors, all GOP
#ReplaceFlake with a true American patriot @kelliwardaz for Arizona and the USA 
Flake, you no longer have mine next election. I'll work hard against you. Traitor and treacherous to all we want.
I want the republicans to invoke rule #11, so you get NO financing for your campaign.
Another reason why the racist .@kelliwardaz has a chance to beat you.
Your support means ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!
7 years promising O-care repeal. Failed. BAD JOB.
Another reason to vote for @kelliwardaz. #MAGA 
Recognizing need for "team effort", there is very critical 'need' to stop posturing & work toward positives-no more excuses
YOU ARE THE SWAMP THEN AND NEED TO GOI...
@JeffFlake one more reason you won't get my vote next election. Your are deaf to your constituents' concerns.
Your last name suits you perfectly if you believe that McConnell is doing a tough job well.
Do you want to remain in the Senate? You could face a recall election.
I hope ward beats yoy next year 
Won't mean squat cuz you are on your way out!
Good. Then both of you retire.

Let's be clear. The hatred we're seeing in Virginia lies at the feet of Donald Trump. Stoked during the campaign,his silence condones this.
Of course he does because ur another “Do Nothing” politician just like he is. Ur support is laughable. Enjoy ur remaining days in office
This is your party, Sen. This is your president whom you have supported. Condemn NOW or your silence speaks VOLUMES.
Did you as promised REPEAL
B.S. Do your job. Get on board w our POTUS or We WILL vote you OUT.
He looks like a deer facing headlights!
@kelliwardaz Run Kelli!
Shocker, lying hypocrite.
the 65,000,000 who voted for Trump are anxiously waiting for your next election Flake.Your opponent will have our$$
You were sent to Washington DC to work for the American people. Enough time off get to work. #RepealAndReplace you had 7 yrs #enoughtimeoff
Tells me he's not the right choice!
Enjoy your last term in politics! We the people are tired of both of your faces!
Lol that surely defining WELL downward.  Does he get a participation trophy ? He sucks
.@JeffFlake - Hence the name Flake
you, the lying Jeff, hurting your constituents and supporting Mitch, the Swamp Thing.  You are part of the swamp!
Will send money to anyone who will primary this (D).
WHich makes YOU part of the problem too, RINO.  He is NO LEADER. #TERMLIMITSFORALL
This is why you need to be primaried and defeated. There is no excuse for condoning ineptitude. Get your ass back to work.
You two deserve each other.
He's a bullshit senator. Rino. Too bad. Kellie is going to burn you at the polls next year.
Your Anit-Trump BS isn't working for you traitor! This man and his family hired illegals, so they didn't have to pay Americans more.
... too bad you don't have the support of the voters.
You're terrible. You make being a republican embarrassing. Between you and McCain, who the hell would ever want to live in AZ?
What was that book about? The one you wrote and went on the Sunday morning tour promoting these past few weeks--
@SenateMajLdr & @JeffFlake MUST BE REPEALED & REPLACED AFTER 7yrs of REPEALREPLACE THEY HAVE NOTHING BUT MORE BS!
job must be 2 tough for him with no repeal after 7 yrs and complete control of both houses and the executive
You are no conservative when you do nothing to make gov smaller, have less control over our lives, you're a fake conservative @kelliwardaz
How about speaking out against the federal reserve, UN strong cities project, UN agenda 2030, or speaking out against globalism. #MAGA
You're no conservative if you don't support USA having a border! Being a truly independent nation. #FlakesNoConservative
McConnell needs to be more aggressive on pushing the #MAGA agenda! Which is a conservative agenda!
No, you're not  supporting our president ....going to support your challenger. What a hack
He attacked congress 4 sanctioning Russia 4 attacking our democracy, yet praised putin 4 expelling our diplomats? Party of Reagan or putin?
He literally said military options are on the table w Venezuela? How much of the madman r we supposed to take? When is enough , enough?
This is why you will be primaried.

Elect Kelli Ward, a real American not a flake.
STOP LIELIELIE what you all do for us we will vote you out.
Buh bye Flake.
Let's replace this rinos seat @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
NOT if he doesn't stand with OUR POTUS. As for YOU. McCain 2.0
Hi my name is Jeff Flake and I suck ballz
The Liberals might agree with your tweets but they won't vote for you. Now Republicans won't either.
How can you support a man who will destroy the lives of his own constituents just to say he can pass a bill? He is a conscienceless creep.
Coming from a "flake," that probably isn't saying much. Quit being part of the swamp and the deep state. Get to work b4 you all get fired!
Be prepare to be voted out
I'm not surprised.  You fit right in with old mush mouth McConnell.
You are both losers. The party no longer represents me so, I will support all GOP primary challengers for now on. 7 years of lies must end.
of course you do.  Then you can collect your checks and receive your benefits without accomplishing much at all.
Deut32:35
Vengeance is Mine
in the time when their foot shall slide; for the day of their disaster is at hand and their doom comes speedily.
FLAKE and McCAIN and McConnell are all TRAITORS.
IF they escape Man, they shall never escape the Hand of God Himself
Cough 18% cough
Believe me, Flake, we have your number too.
