.@JeffFlake Between this and your ACA vote, you lost my support. I will be voting against you in 2018. Get your resume ready.
omg seriously? I thought you were a better man than this....I'm so disappointed. You need to rethink this or I can't vote for you
your RTill statement is alarming. His answers regarding Putin & the way he dodged questions & lied about lobbying disqualify him.
#RexTillerson >clueless about world issues,no diplomacy exp & turns blind eye to human rights crimes.DJT is too, we need better.
I look forward to 2018 vote.Rex/Jeff answers were alarming.Shame on ur votes to repeal ACA, effecting Medicare & Medicaid.
I guess the Russians found something on you, too. Now falling right in line! Tillerson is scary and way too cosy with Russia.
Yes he does! Great Leader and Very Personable and Likable Human Being! He will do wonderful
Tillerson understands only his and Trump's interests. He will do nothing for Americans.
your inability to protect Arizonans will cost you reelection.Ppl before party.We are watching.We see you. We judge you.God sees.
no no NO.  Do not support this man who is so embedded in Russia. I'm in Arizona and I vote.
#RexTillerson deliberately misconstrued climate data for his own greed. Our children will suffer because of you.
I'm disappointed in the support for Tillerson despite the obvious conflicts of interest and hope our senators will reconsider
Tillerson NO. Pompeo WTFNO. Sessions YES only for @CoryBooker placing  personal big pharma $ over citizens. How I roll.
@transition2017 ~ Primary Flake. NFG
@transition2017 Flake needs to watch his 6. @kelliwardaz is right behind you & ready to take your place.
She supports Sessions. What makes you think she'll vote any different? @JeffFlake @transition2017 @kelliwardaz
I guess you didn't get my voicemail.
Mine either
@transition2017 .We Arizona voters don't give a hoot what Flakes thinks. Only @kelliwardaz for our next Senator. #draintheswamp
NO Thank You. She endorsed Sessions mid-Nov. Why do you think she'll vote any different?
PPACA law has saved lives. Why do you want to kill us? Why do you punish your constituents? Majority want reform, not repeal.
Your voicemail is full. Tillerson is an inappropriate and dangerous choice for SOS. Please reconsider your endorsement and vote.
his voicemail has been full for 3 weeks. It's ridiculous. Call Tucson office. I'm fuming. His ppl lied to me.
@transition2017
@SenJohnMcCain Tillerson is corrupt Putin crony. Too many conflicts of interest. http://wjla.com/news/nation-world/senators-grill-trump-nominee-tillerson-on-russia-sanctions-conflicts-of-interest … #VoteNay
@SenJohnMcCain Tillerson is another Putin Puppet. #Corruption #conflictofinterest http://theslot.jezebel.com/rex-tillerson-trumps-secretary-of-state-pick-is-also-1790252145 …
He only cares about Exxon profits, not people of US!
your office assured me you wanted ACA Reform, healthcare reform. Not full ACA repeal. You are a liar! I'd be dead, I could die.
Shame on you
You don't understand your constituents. Tillerson's relationship with Russia disqualifies him. AZ's watching how u vote for 2018
Well, it's just a little thing, but maybe you can tell Mr. Tillerson that it's not "The" Ukraine
Please do not vote Tillerson into this position
agreed - thank you Senator Flake!
PLEASE stand up to the pressure
 and don't vote for 
Tillerson. He is UNFIT & 
COMPROMISED! #EXgopComrade
I urge u not to confirm Tillerson. His ties to Russia are to close. This is dangerous for America!
@marioksalazar I've been out of the news cycle for two days. Is he legit?
You're out in 2018!
clear your voicemail! It's been full for 3 weeks. Coward. Ignoring your constituents will cost you reelection. Shame on you.
fixed it! @GOP #Russian #traitors #Treason
They all just want to screw the middle class & line their own pockets to bad WWC people got conned now they will pay big time
Once again you validate my opinion about your lack of character and integrity.
So true, he's the perfect guy for the job...
TURNCOAT. No one cares what you have to spout.
@iowa_trump If the Senate doesn't confirm him, I will never vote again, got it Jeff the "never" soab, him & McCain, poor AZ.

You might want to watch this, because we know the truth.
Tillerson is plant by Russia to secure a oil contract with Exxon. No one told you? Or you're paid off?
@veganvecoh You should all listen to Senator Jeff Flake...because he's hot.
Dont care for Flake but at least he is right on this issue. Will he support Trump in effort to MAGA? World wonders
#NoExperience + #ConflictsOfInterest = threat to natl security, intl relations & planet. No #Tillerson #SecretaryOfState.
And skills to be friends with a war criminal.
couldn't disagree with you any more. Highly political statement, at the expense of the American people. Bring on 2018
so you agree that Putin is not a war criminal. Good to know. PS clear your phone lines already!
as an Arizonan...please stay supportive of SS and Medicare. Need tax relief, Rx relief, climbing Ins costs
senator, empty your voicemail box so constituents can call u out about this insane decision to support #RexTillerson #CORRUPTION
No he does not. He could care less about climate change. You are the worst Senator. Can't wait to vote you out in 2018.
You are blind to conflict of interest @JeffFlake. Choose USA, Country over GOP party. #unethical #Trump #Tillerson @SenJohnMcCain
I disagree. As an Arizona voter I am watching you. Right now, with disappointment.
more and more reason to ensure you do not get another term.
@transition2017  #MAGA
Yes. You in the Senate in 2009 voted almost unanimously for HRC. I expect that for Tillerson.
Please don't use the plastic reset button!
@transition2017 until SenFlake apologizes to Prez elect,GOP party&DT supporters,his statements R irrelevant.No saboteurs allowed.
Amen...Mr. Tillerson, is wicked smart with a vast knowledge of foreign countries/leaders, cultures & has overseen K's employees.
.@JeffFlake @transition2017 #bullshit He understands BILLIONAIRES' strategic interests only. Big difference.
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
@realDonaldTrump
@transition2017 ppl have been disappointed so many times by politicians that it's difficult for them to appreciate a real winner.
can he really doff is business hat? Put usa first.
I am a Democrat and my jury is still out on Tillerson. Don't see how close ties are an asset with Russia.
Shame you too sold out & fell in line behind Russia's puppet in the WH, & now u support Russia's award winning climate destroyer
You were 1 of last GOP principled holdouts vehemently opposing Trump, & u earned my respect. No more. #ClimateChange #ExxonKnew
His real skills are in advancing Exxon's financial interests, and that requires lifting those pesky sanctions. He's contaminated.
You must have seen a different hearing from the one I saw.
Sad to see you rolling over into just another rubber stamp for this megalomaniac.
no Rex Tillerson has the interest of drilling oil in Russia which he can't now. Don't be fooled #jeffflake vote no
Jeff!!! Noooooooo!!!!!!!
You are clearly NOT listening to your constituents. AZ cannot afford to have Rex Tillerson as SofS!! You will be removed in 2018!
Very sorry that you folded so early in the game. Sad
I'm troubled by his lies today re: he/Exxon lobbying against Russian Sanctions.  How can you not be questioning that?
I thought you had principles and cared about the country first...as your constituent I'm sad you've sold out for party.
understands but likely to be biased
please stand up 2 Russia & the man U know 2 b wrong 4 America. Don't reward Russia for meddling. Exxon is sure 2 cash in with Rex
You've got to know this is all going to come crashing down, right?
At least act in self presentation if not for America.
Disappointing.
seems to have sold out Arizona voters.
I thought you were going to stand up for what is right? You know this guy is a dangerous scumbag
Good bye in 2018!!!!! You do nothing for AZ. You are a puppet. I thought you would do the right thing. He is Russia's BFF.
and yours like trump does.
for fear of being bullied ourselves. I implore you; find the strength to stand up for what is right. Or just look out for you...
do not justify the means. It's not ok to be greedy, cynical opportunists because everyone else is. We can't justify bullying...
it. Supporting him and trump is abandoning the principles and standards our country is meant to uphold and strive for. The ends..
Said didn't know enough to answer questions. Lied about recent hi-level actions of own company. Etc. Is motivated to advance Am interests???
at home and abroad. He speaks of knowing the world we live in as if he isn't culpable in the greed and deception that pollute...
In order to earn my vote in 2018, vote NO on Rex Tillerson.
he has made it his life's work to amass funds beyond the needs of any man while ignoring the impact of the world around him....
wow. You guys make it so hard to remain hopeful. This man and people like him is exactly what is wrong w the world today...
Bullfeathers.  The only interests he wants to advance are those of people who want to take us back to about 1850.
I think your wrong.
you may not be paying attention, but your constituents are #democracy #election2018 #rejectREX
You've been compromised. Ethically, morally, financially--maybe all 3. Your recent actions DO NOT serve your constituents.
You had gained my respect by opposing Trump. You've lost it with your approval of Sessions and Tillerson #dems2018
He is a Trump boy now.
You have no guts.
Why won't he admit that Putin is an aggressor and war criminal?  Why did he deny that he and Trump have talked about Russia?
you did well today. I agree with your tweet.  T looks solid
showed some promise now nothing more than a tribal yes man following ur tribe down a huge hole sad,u could have have been ok
I must tell you that your statement sounds extremely naive and shows how unqualified you are yourself.
but what about his Russian ties & views on environment?
.@JeffFlake
Impressed by his Duterte answer? By his registry answer? By his sanctions answer?
So disappointed in you...
Good news, your assistant said your campaign contrib is here.  Plus free car washes at all participating ExxonMobiles
There goes any chance of the "sane" voices in the GOP to do what is right. So I guess you are for Putin then?
Don't commit this disservice to your country. Don't betray the people you serve. Tillerson is a kleptocrats. You must know that.
Good. Now tell #LittleMarco @marcorubio to get in line or get off the dais! Voters flatly REJECTED Rubio's foreign affairs ideas.
Disappointing ...
sorry I don't agree.
Cuz #Tillerson has always devoted his life 2 making people's lives better by denying & covering up #climatechange 4 Corp PROFITS
Vote for that Russian puppet and you have lost my vote for life.
your party is abetting crimes against democracy every day you wake up
I guess I missed what Obama and DEMS did 8 yrs for crimes.
good to know that you've fallen in line. Tillerson showed he had ZERO skills or experience that are required of a SOS.
