You're FINALLY standing up for conservatives and religious rights. Most of us Arizonans believe you're an establishment sell out!
Well said
When you have Conservative religious fanatics claiming the Bible supersedes the US Constitution, there is legitimate cause for concern.
The judge didn't claim that and none of her decisions reflect that belief.
If you say so. But any sane society concerned about religion taking over government (like in Iran & Iraq) ASKS & CHECKS.  CAREFULLY.
If I say so? Ever hear of a paper trail. This is nothing but religious bigotry by Democrats.
Jeff,

She believes the Bible supersedes the Constitution.  Are you defending this?
How do you make shit up like that. She is actually a moderate and as a Conservative who voted for Trump I am pissed that he picked her
No. You are wrong. Or stupid. Or both. Now get busy and renounce the NRA!
Hey Jeff ya know... you have taken more $$ from NRA than any other senator in Arizona. Your on your way out!
Senator, with all due respect, you have received over $18k from NRA to contribute to the mass shooting in Vegas. Odd time to talk religion
There are 300 million guns in this country. What's your plan?? Lobbyists from all areas donate to politics. Way to politicize tragedies
I read your statement re this, I could hardly believe this, who was the pompous ass who brought up "dogma staying with you, or words......
Does this mean you're disavowing your Liberal Democrat moral fibers?
Why does the most privileged group of people in America (beside the wealthy) feel like they're being discriminated against? Poor winners.
Putting your religion before the constitution is a threat to democracy.
He doesn't need to remember  because we will next time the PO is running.
Never, she is worse than trump.
Who is duly and who was elected? The Russians elected trump NOT America. I resist a guy that grabs women in the privates as should you.
Seriously get mental help. It is the only thing you can do.
Religion has no place in Law. It's fine if the person wants to believe in a God, but lawful decisions should never have religion involved.
Would members express these concerns if a Muslim nominee were asked about Sharia law?
This is the senator who went with the "giant duck" question at Gorsuch hearing.
I am praying you are ousted -sick of your fake bs while getting campaign funds from the NRA-you're twisted sir and hopefully gone soon 
We don't need more crazy fanatics like her (and you) in the government.
AZ Rep Dist 8 Franks preaches to us every day, and some of us DON'T LIKE IT.  Where's my freedom from religion.
Dump Flake next November.
What about freedom from religion?
Voting for .@RepSinema .. Arizona is done with you and your donors.
Religious freedom? Take note, we all don’t want to be Christian. We believe in Science.
Well said, Senator Flake!
Nice deflection.  Have you returned the NRA's blood money yet?
.news flash there is no threat 2 religious freedom old white anglo Saxon men made that up #nosenate4uin18
Thank you Senator Flake
here is you gun control pig
Religious freedom also means you should be free from being persecuted for being non-religious
Christian freedom* we all know you don't give a damn about any other religion. Also, "religious freedom" is not being threatened.
We need to shy away from both religious tests and from judges who would impose their mythology on others in interpreting our secular laws.
Do something about gun control and quit trying to deflect with a bright, shiny object. Judge” Roy Moore thinks bible is above constitution.
She's free to practice her religion, that's not the question. It's whether her belief system (regardless of religion) impacts this role
If Jeff Flake is up for re election ... he’ll lose
I can't wait until Kyrsten takes your job. It will be your own fault, too.
If only you & rest of @SenateGOP were THIS OUTRAGED over innocents being mowed down YET AGAIN. Maybe then we’d get common sense #GunControl.
Hang in the folks. Won't be long before Flake, McCain, and Corker will all be out and maybe Kasich will be a declared Dem!  Swamp draining
Whoa.  @JeffFlake actually spoke up for once. It's a wonder what primary challenges can do. @hughhewitt
Your nose is crooked.
@hughhewitt well what did the Speaker do about it???!
Quit trying to appeal to religious conservatives. No one believes you. You're going down.
uh... no. her religion is a political cause.
You need to file an official complaint against Feinstein. That was terrible. @SenFeinstein
I agree, yet how many colleagues in office invoke their faith when voting.  There should always b a separation of church/state, doesn't tho
Great statement Senator Flake! Keep up your representation of us Arizonans.
founding fathers did not have roe v wade. founding fathers did not allow women to vote. which would suit char christians just fine.
Jeff you have the right last name
Now defending cult members? Update your resume, sir, 2018 is coming.
Would you defend an atheist this way? Just curious.
Sorry to say if you put 5 religion's in a room you will get 5 different opinions. And to say it will not sway you is ludicrous
Maybe we don't want judges who will use the Bible instead of the constitution
vote him down
Stop talking and do something even if it's wrong
Justice Sotomaror is Catholic
keep your damn religion out of legislation. That.is.all.
U're tiptoeing around that she's member of People of Praise, a cult that requires total obedience to husbands and believes speaking tongues.
Pathetic mischaracterization of group.  Much to be concerned about with this nominee, but group isn't it.  Your 12 followers deserve better.
Respectfully asking, how so? "[P]rophecy. . .speaking in tongues, and healing" w/having an all-male leadership. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/People_of_Praise …
I will sag from day to day to day you flip flop on just about everything and then go back to snuggle with GOP every time
Nice empty Senate speech — Nobody was questioning in “a catholic” could divorce herself from dogma, they questioned if THAT catholic could.
Catholics aren't allowed to get divorced ;)
We all saw how Kim Davis, Kentucky county clerk, used her religious faith to deny marriage licenses to gay couples and got away with it.
Phony. Unfollow.
Well your shift to the right has begun but if re-elected you will go back to the ways of the swamp. You & 75% of the Republicans are RINOs.
Nobody would care if not for her deciding the fate of others.
I see what you did here: since @kyrstensinema is the presumed favorite & an #Atheist you are playing the #religioncard. Well-played.
Looks like you really what you sow. The senior Brutus twin's trolls are coming at you. Kelli Ward 2018
This isn't war on religion. It's an attempt to block her religion, or any religion, from being force fed down our throats
He got this one right people
Our religious rights stop as soon as they infringe upon mine or upon those that have no religious persuasions
so you finally standing up to this crazy bull shit?
There's a difference between being Catholic and using your Catholicism to demand other people live their life according to your values

Tell that to Roy Moore, hypocrite!
Don't agree with you often but I appreciate you comments here.
Flake bad for America!
You will NOT win reelection
Yes he will win
The US just suffered the worse mass shooting in its modern history but you're obsessed about this
Yes, his thoughts and prayers were truly amazing
And he voted down tougher gun legislation after sandy hook so he really has done enough.
Listen you are dug in to what you believe. Good for you. There is no need for military weapons or the mentally ill to possess them.
You are not payed money by the NRA like our senator. Here is an idea go to vegas and pass off your theory.
Shame on @GOP dangerous racist corrupt treasonous lying putin puppets must go- blood on your hands complicit #nullify2016 #NoBenczkowski
Well you seem nice.
And you are kind as I had other things I said to myself.
