We have a new ILLEGITIMATE Supreme Court Justice. #MerrickGarland We won't forget.
You know. Me and my wife were discussing supporting you in 2018 since AZ is so red, but I don't want a tea bagger alt right cand.
You are making it very hard for this independent registered voter to get behind you for the next election except to chase you out.
You don't do real #townhall and you certainly don't listen to us, your constituents - another word for bosses.
And Arizona is going to have a new Senator in 2018 when we #ShakeFlake Woo Hoo!! #TickTock
I'd love to see him out but there are too many of Flakes ilk in Arizona.
That seat was stolen
You have just lost my vote. You don't listen to your constituents.  Your OUT
You've just made it so much better to be a white christian male. What about the rest of us and OUR rights?
Shameful
Thank you Senator, Jeff!!
You will go down in history as someone who crumbled the foundation of our democracy #stolenseat #shame
My tweet in 2018: We have a new Senator: ANYONE BUT FLAKE #MerrickGarland
hypocrite.... you're the worst!!!
We should have had one a year ago when president Obama put one forward.  Disgraceful
#FlakeOut2018. Bye bye
@SenJohnMcCain 
Dick move. Unconstitutional. Not doing your job. Look forward to voting you out.
bcuz #GOP discarded rules, showing they are incapable of mature, reflective, bipartisan cooperation, not like there was any doubt
Horrible display of partisan politics, Jeff ... if you can win, change the rules?
Voted for you in every election since moving to Mesa 14 years ago. You lost my vote in 2018 -- not because of your vote but your hypocrisy.
You will go down with the rest of the GOP for supporting an illegitimate President and his nonsense!
No - YOU have a new SC justice.  The rest of us believe it was stolen due to GOP REFUSAL to at least vet MG. #GOP #Hypocrites the lot of you
SCREW YOU! UR BOY CHEATED 2 GET INTO THE W.H. & YOU BROKE THE RULES TO VOTE HIM IN. YOUR ALL A BUNCH OF CHEATERS AND CHEATER NEVER PROSPER!
it shoul have been Merrick Garland
How can you confirm a pick from a president that has gone golfing more times than he's had weeks in the White House& under FBI investigation
#Flakeout2018
You lost my vote a long time ago...just another reason to vote #flakeout2018
Merrick Garland.  You are toast in 2018.
$$$$$$$$
You must be thrilled. But you should be ashamed. Trunmpsucker
.@JeffFlake and a diminished democracy.
Yes, agreed -replace in 2018. Where were you last year when your leader refused any action? Democracy is dying and you're assisting it.
Garland
Can't wait to discuss this and other topics at your upcoming Town Hall... remind me of the time and place again? #FlakeOut18 #Resistance
and before you know it, we'll have a new #senatorfromAZ
and you only had to cheat for a year and then change the rules to do it. shouldn't be proud of that. GOP are worth less than dog shit.
More excited about the possibility of a new senator.
And I am ashamed.
Can't wait for a new senator!
Stolen
Bye bye hope you can find a new job come 2018!!!
Shamefully!!!!!
And you will be out of a job soon. Better polish up that resume cuz it's not looking good so far.
How about Merrick Garland?
at what cost, congrats we all lose
You & your GOP friends have failed the American people. We will retake our government & restore democracy. Starting with you.
you should go get a room, what a man rush you've have with #NeilGorsuch #garlandseat
Another reason to vote you out
Rubber Stamp!
We have a new reason to push you out in 2018: theft
Shame on the GOP.
HE WINS...... YOU LOSE
Congratulations Associate Justice Gorsuch.

(That was a pleasure to type.)
SAD
#garlandseat
This should have been done a year ago.
Sad you didn't do your duty as an AMERICAN senator and give Merrick Garland the same opportunity. Hypocrisy. Party over country. unfair.
Hum it with us former Senator Flake "na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey, GOOD-BYE, na na na na, na na na na, hey hey hey GOOD-BYE"
A seat you and your fellow #GOP cronies stole. Something to be real proud of. Start updating your resume for 2018.
because you believe the Dems will NEVER have 51 senators?
Bye Felicia 
You let us down. SMH
Don't remind us of all the underhanded, vindictive tactics Republicans used to get his ass in that undeserved seat!
Your support for an admin. under FBI investigation along w/ your disrespect for constituents is a disgrace. You are out in 2018!!
And yet I still can't get a schedule of your town hall events
Great. Can't get 60 votes? Change the rules. Elections have consequences. See you at the mid-terms.
@JeffFlake An illegitimate justice picked by an illegitimate president - can't wait to vote in 2018
#NOFLAKE2018
I don't consider YOU to be representing ME.
and no one is happy...so glad you will be voted out in 2018
Yes we do and I can't wait to elect a new senator in Arizona. 2018
About a year late with that pronouncement.
I hate you and all the entire republican party I will work 100% of my free time to get rid of all you.
And I'm just sure you're so proud that in order to do that you had to change the rules! Ya gotta love a Rep temper tantrum to get their way!
And we have a stolen seat and broken Senate to get there. Hope you're proud of the damage you've inflicted on our democracy. '18 is coming.
Congratulations. Way to trash the constitution again. We bear no reseblence to the representative republic we were found to be.
You mean a so-called Supreme Court justice. Thief.
here's to making the term "Career Politician" go the way of the dinosaur. Wait you can't relate, how about the tiger. Extinct.
You will not be re-elected in 2018! #MerrickGarland #StolenSeat #obstructionist
So disappointing for America.
Better dust off your resume. Between this, the ISP nonsense, and your failure to hold an in-person town hall, your bosses are NOT happy.
By any means necessary, right? Reminds me of video u liked calling for Repubs 2 include white nationalists to up party's numbers.
If you don't like the rules established in 1917 to get what you want, simply change the rules. Would U allow your children to do this?
And yes, we'll have a new Senator sooner than you think.
Not a vote to be proud of Jeff.
Thank-you Senator Flake.  You WILL have my vote as long as you stay on board with ACA repeal and tax reform too!
As an AZ constituent, I'm still disappointed that you stole the seat. It makes this confirmation bitter.
And your GOP debased the Senate/SCOTUS process TWICE to force yr rightwing pro-corporate Justice on America
First denying Garland even the courtesy of a hearing, then changing Senate rules to destroy any chance of bipartisan compromise on Sup Court
One for the steal.
#garland
It's definitely a dark day for America you slug.
Congratulations on committing an unprecedented act of theft.  I hope the voters of your state remember your heist in 2018. #AZSen
Merrick Garland
Can't wait to vote you out 2018
And #YoureStillAFlake
Democracy crumbled a little bit more. Bye checks and balances, I hope we can resurrect integrity for our children. New congress 2018!
And I hope you lose ur job in 2018
you will not win your reelection next time buddy
you will never be forgiven :)
And you know this was grand theft and that you're now complicit in a crime against America?
Chula an lemon
And we will vote you out in 2018. You cannot hide.
do we Raise #PAYROLLTAX on Gov Employ OR JUST ADD Medicaid COSTS TO $20T DEBT , Hmmm whats Conservitive? Gov Employ SKIP OUT on Trillion$
And we'll have a new senator in 2018.
Nice one Jae!!
