Funny thing, I strongly suspect clowning Kathy and KLG and others all wicked know EXACTLY which other ginger needs to be a material witness.
Agreed. Where did you stand on Ted Nugent's murderous anti-Obama rants?
Indeed
Where was your voice during 8 years of racist actions against President Obama.  Once again showing the hypocrisy of the GOP
Regardless you can't ignore that POTUS is an embarrassment to the US and our allies.Your silence is as bad as committing the acts yourself.
Not funny,probably how a lot of people feel about POTUS.Tell me how you align yourself with this pres? This ridiculousness will follow you.
This is what you waste time on? A comedienne no one cares about? Real life not important enough for you yet? AZ needs a senator who's awake
Let's also condemn violence against reporters and Ted Nugent's racist rant against Obama while we are at it!
Ok now let's see bipartisan universal condemnation of Trump and his racist, treasonist team! Now!!!!!
Nice to see CNN has cut ties with her.
#racistgop every see any lynching iconography during the @POTUS44 administration ? I'm sure u condemned it all
Where is your outrage about @realDonaldTrump birther lies and other hate speech promoted by his alt right Republican Party?
Now will you also condemn Trump for calling for Hillary to be shot? I thought not. Hypocrites...
You no what else isn't funny Sen.? Selling off our privacy rights.
Jeff get on board with the President's agenda. I'm voting for Ward in 18. Unless you change course.
It's not funny and in poor taste, and bad actions have consequences, but it's 1st amendment protected free speech in our country.
Now if you'd only stand up to the administration and represent the people of AZ...
Now support our president!!!!!
Do u tweet when Obama mannequin was dragged behind truck or lynched from tree? Don't pretend u don't remember. No condemnation?
Agreed.  It was nice to see an apology  (where have all the apologies gone...).  It was nice to see concern instead of push back.   truth
neither is 23 million losing health care. Where's your outrage?
Too bad Republicans never condemned the vile stuff constantly posted about President Obama.
Yeah, but we're still waiting for the bi-partisan condemnation of Trump's Birther movement. When can we expect that?
O C'mon, it's was a little funny
It's art. Get over it #dontflakeoutflake @twwnaz
It's caused by outrage, and politicians should pay attention to it.  And voters need to wise up BEFORE putting circus clowns in office.
save the aca   save my health insurance  save medicare save social security
She should have taken a page from @realDonaldTrump and NOT apologized. She should have doubled down. And continued attacking.
RICO, GOP, RICO GOP
and grabbing pussies?  Just okey dokey
what about pictures like these. Did you condemn them too? #hypocrite
Why would he? He lets his son go by the screen name "Ni**erKiller" on video games. I think we know where the Flake households stands on that
And it is Griffin Senator Fake. See how spelling is important??
@JeffFlake Do your job and fight our current President. If not, you will find yourself on the wrong side of history and out of a job.
Work on things like our President killing the environment, health care or the sick and poor instead of worrying about Miss Griffin. Thanks!
How is what she did different than this?
Wouldn't it be weird if we had the same bipartisan cocncern over serial lying preseident and billows of Russia smoke? But...nah!
Would have been nice to see it when a journalist was attacked in Montana.
yeah, we didn't think all the effigy burnings of Obama were funny either. You condemned those also, correct?
You are actually commenting on this Jeff??  What about the #parisclimateagreement ??  What about an #IndependentCommission ??
And neither is an effigy of Obama hanging from a tree. Both are deplorable.  I never heard you comment on Obama.
wow the only thing you all can agree on we agree you must go in 2018 what about Trumps buddies beating up protestors you said nothing
You smile grin and laugh inappropriately all the time. Kettle.
Agreed! Everyone needs to condemn violence and gruesome acts
It wld be nice to see @JeffFlake lead bipartisan #Senate vote to setup
#SelectCommittee on #tRUMP
So all of us get full picture
#DoYourJob
But Dem Ted Lieu thinks it is OK
Don't remember you calling out Gianfortes actual violent act upon a journalist Jeff!!!
Thank you for selling our information. Pathetic.
You have not been bipartisan about one single issue... you're a party loyalist.
You didn't say a word about the murderer from Portland; condemnation of that real crime was not bipartisan. Care to explain why?
Notice your whacko bird buddies all seem to agree with Griffin? Quit with the conspiracy crap that feeds them.
Calm down, Jeff.
Did you immediately condemn that bag of hate, aka, your president, when he spewed his racism against @BarackObama?
This tweet  & your hypocrisy is shameful beyond 140 chars. Country before party is the demand of this older W/F  educ AZ voter!
Yes, not funny. But everyone including Mr. Flake, need to take serious note of all of the very wrong things happening w Trump and his team.
How many times did you speak out when Pres Obama was depicted hanging from trees or referred to in derogatory statements? #Hypocrite 
Neither is a party that thinks women ppl of color & children born are less than human with the same rights and privileges as mid age wht guy
As well as Republicans speaking out when Ted Nugent threatened POTUS Obama's life twice & Trump supporters had nooses around the neck of
Someone whom they dressed as POTUS Obama. How did his children & wife feel? Neither is right & it has gone too far!
How about working on legislation. Fix the budget w/ real numbers. Leave faux outrage to Fox pundits. Your job is supposed to be serious.
You're so fake for you haven't said anything about violence before
neither was Nugent threatening President Obama.
Neither are words like this..
Certainly not as funny as your comments about body slamming journalist or our president mocking a disabled person. 

#ThoseWereKneeSlappers
How about Universal bipartisan concern about the gradual formation of an autocracy?
No. But there is a really hypocrisy here. You have to point that out. The GOP has almost lost that war.
Neither was grab them by the pussy. Nor is what trump is doing to the world and our country. Country before party.
What about body slamming journalists, that's okay?
Didn't mind when similar was done to Obama!
"like these"?  As in you've seen a picture like the one she posted before?
McConnell, Ryan, Issa, Rubio, McCain, Pelosi or Schumer? We don't hear them supporting POTUS ever.
I'm breathlessly awaiting the press asking Democrats to answer for their donor and supporter
Funny how the Dems show bipartisanship...
Would be nice to know why you don't condemn anything out of the right or Trump. Wanna start w/ assaulting the press?
Why are Republicans covering for Trump ?  Trump's people have been having secret meetings with Russians, our enemy.  This is treason.
Trump damaged our relationships with European allies.  Trump is an idiot, con man, fake, phony, fraud.  Remember Trump University.
I could go on and on about Trumps bullshit. And you guys continue to defend, cover, and protect him.  Why ?  What is wrong with you people ?
Nothing on Gianforte or your colleague Matt Rinaldi who threatened to shoot a D lawmaker. How abiut the anti-Muslim attacks that killed 2?
Hopefully you guys can make Trump apologize one day for all the things he said.
it stems from the arrogance of republicans not condemning the money laundering and Russian contacts of trump
Agreed.  Did you ever condemn Ted Nugent for his hateful gestures to Obama or Trump for his birther nonsense?
Nope. Total silence because that is from the GOP. Always the party never the country...right Jeff?
I must have missed @CNN putting a microphone in the face of every democrat looking for condemnation in fact, they haven't issued a stmt.
You would be more convincing if u spoke out against all the vile things said and done to pres obama and Hillary so spare us ur fake outrage
Were pictures of pres obama images of hanging funny? None of you clowns condemned those images in 8 yrs ur the worst hypocrites ever
Note too, that unlike others who cross the line, she apologized - unlike EVERY mistake made by DJT. #realDonaldTrump #noshame
@SenJohnMcCain No Republican condemnation during Obama administration of n-word jokes or threats to lynch him either. #hypocrite
And of course you spoke up about Gianforte's violence, right? #covfefe
It would have been nice to have had it when Obama was president too.
Yet no bi-partisan condemnation of assaulting journalists or calling them criminals & threatening to shooot them in the head. #hypocrisy
Well she's done 1 thing Fact free Trump and alt fact supporters haven't done ever. Apologize for her actions.
THIS is the only example of "bipartisan" support you can come up with?
I notice you not saying anything about Obama-hanging effigies, or does it only count when it's against a Republican?
Did you condemn each and every instance when President Obama was hung in effigy?
Oh Jeff so true and covfefe.
That's great to hear. You're about to become colleagues with a man who kicked the crap out of a reporter who asked him about health care.
The first thing you and I have ever agreed on. Mark the date. And don't you dare vote for Trumpcare. Fix ACA with Dems.
I agree Senator; but a question for you...Why was there not universal condemnation for Hillary bulls eye pictures at Trump rallies?
Idk, but have you ever gone shopping at Target?
Nice to see Covfefe
Despite the constant negative press covfefe
