NonPartisan Tax Reform
http://amzn.to/2h5KWjG 
#1 Bestseller
Fiscally & Morally Sound
The Alternative pic.twitter.com/YCVz4xpFveSenator
Really? You are taking on the 99%?! Since when?!
Time to go Flake! The President has made you get off the pot!
Why do you choose to ignore the fact that #GOPTaxReform is additional taxation on working class? 
Bigger deficit means more taxes.
Thank you Sen Jeff Flake! Speaking out shows character.
Your Last Name Was Made For You
You just know you would never win your primary and are just trying to get a headline!  GOOD RIDDANCE!  PLEASE TAKE MCCAIN WITH YOU!!!

How about Tax reform that helps everyone not just the Top 1%,
How about your constituents who just want a fair deal for all and not an unbalanced tax cut for the wealthy?
Not that it means much now but there are a lot of Independents that backed Flake.
Maybe you should spend that energy working for the people & less on Trump bashing. Get to work!
BS. This is NOT for the little guy. It’s about the 2%. We all get it.
Stop talking and just cut taxes already
Wah wah wah. Dont let the door hit ya on the way out! DRAINING THE SWAMP thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP!! :)
Special interests and CONTRACTORS consume 50% of GDP. Time to rein in the monster.
Thank you for your courage....
Nice speech Mr. Flake The government has become poison, it is not we the people anymore, You run for president I will vote for you
Please vote NO on Trumps Tax Plan.   Thank you for standing up to Trump.  I loved your speech and your integrity.  Thank you.
You are a special person,  you don't even know your history how stupid are you. Seriously a history lesson is what you need.
What about 401k's in your tax reform bill-you're screwing all of the middle class over ugh 
Corporations are #Persons whom control communications.....#Fukushima has been leaking since 2011...How are they not guilty of #Treason
Get out please the country don't need you.... leave Senate
Let the working class FLOURISH.          Rich is RICH --- "richer" is a waste !!!!!!!
What lies are you talking about! Put them out there stop your innuendo!
untruthful fellow
I'm 100% against this tax reform, which is nothing more than a huge gift to the Koch Bros. & their ilk. More trickle down BS - Sahuarita, AZ
 I guess Sorros money is ok or that of rapist Weinstein?! Libtard logic 


If ur really going to resign, do it now! Don't wait. We need sombody w/courage to sit in ur seat NOW. Get out.
um, don't look but there's a goofy Llama behind you!
Thanks for getting out you useless politician. You did nothing for our country or state. Love it or leave
What a misunderstanding coming from a cattle rancher.
Fleece is harvested for end products, like sheep.  Are you calling them "exotic pets" because most are not slaughtered for meat in the end?
Ok.  Sen. Flake. U r wrong about alpacas. How did you get the idea they were only "exotic pets"?
I don't oppose tax reform; I oppose your flavor of tax reform, that favors the extremely wealthy and kicks the poor in the ass.
What Flaky pulling now refer to alpacas as "pets" when raised for fur w/USDA+CANADA LISTS AS DOMESTIC LIVESTOCK? U'VE EARNED MANY DISTRUST!
No repeal of #estatetax & limit lobbyist influence by only cutting rates for companies w/ 100 or fewer employees. Local biz creates jobs!
Obviously you have become deeply entrenched in the swamp for the last 17 yrs. Campaigning in 2000 to serve no more than 3 terms. Time to go
How much of our money did you spend on that picture of alpacas? #really? #byeflakein2018
This tax reform helps the very rich! Vote NO!!!
Just make sure that it’s fair for everyone!
You are dishonest
I’m DEM I admire your brave stance against trump & GOP extremism. GOP is not what is was. Honor, honesty, compassion,compromise, statesmen??
I'm sure you felt the same about all Dem too. Hypocrite!
Jeff Flake is owned by Lobbyists!
Please don't sell America out with that silly "trickle down" economics B.S. We've been PEED ON enough, thank you.
Hey Flake head, we’re gonna vote your Flake rear right out of office. You better stop bad mouthing our @POTUS  We Stand with #PresTrump!
Hey Jeff, I know your excited, but this isn't just about your taxes...there are other tax payers in Arizona besides you that deserve reform!
No to the rich getting a bigger tax cut.
Funny you call us a lobbying group when it’s a passionate membership calling you. You no showed an appointment at a farm. #FlakeNews
This can't work; guy's broken, send it back... the only Lady for this job has accepted to work of Arizonians... If I could, I'd vote Kelli.
No, Arizona does not need another racist trump stooge.
Is your little mind just out for lunch or on permanent holiday? Wake up & vote Kelli, now before it's too late.
Destruction of the greatest, freest & most desired country on the planet doesn't seem to be the choice of wisdom... just sayin', Think!
Did you object to @SenSanders  amendment to insure top 1% would not get the tax breaks?
BS, and you know it. Fake Flake
Please enlighten us the the PR group that the @alpacatweet hired.   Can you give us the name of this company on retainer?  #flakenews
Of course...the ones who pay the most get the most benefit. They're also the ones who grow the economy! Why is that a bad thing?!
Actually, the ones who grow OUR economy are the consumers. If consumers have no money, who is buying the products?
I agree but consumers get their money from having jobs. The ones who pay higher taxes are the ones who create jobs.
Who are you working with in the Senate? Any Dems signing on to this?
Jeff must have finally awoke.  Knowing you won't do anything.
Please vote NO on a tax structure that sacrifices the safety net for America's most vulnerable to benefit the wealthy.
"Take On" special interest groups?  Is that #RINO for accepting bribes from donors?  You clearly DO NOT SUPPORT ARIZONA, LET ALONE AMERICA!
I am doubtful of your intent. The issue is macroeconomic financing of Government. Special Interests treatments are about campaign financing.
We're all frightened to death that anything pushed by the current president is devastating for all but the wealthy. Do history & research.
Mickie: truly wish you knew & could use kinesiology; impossible for anyone vibrating in high 600s to turn on American citizens. Vibration.
Tax reform or tax cuts?
This plan, as far as we know, is HUGE tax cuts for the wealthy, paid for by HUGE BORROWING at the expense of the rest of us.
You are another koch hros subsidiary.
Might have left your run too late @realDonaldTrump has Kelli Ward running and you are going to get thrashed in the elections.
So you are going to take on a llama (or is that an alpaca?) but not stand up for the middle and lower class? Nice try at humor
Koch
You should create a tax deduction for companies that increase wages / hiring. If you write companies a blank check they pocket the money.
100%, if you reduce taxes on the wealthy, they do NOT create jobs.
Liar! Take on the MORON @POTUS. U took an oath to our country & people & state! Get @POTUS out. Insurance-gun-MINE lobby pay u?
Your top priority MUST be getting rid of that festering furuncle masquerading as our President.
Senator Corker & Senator Mccain and can you get a spine and defend USA like McCain has done more than once. Be elite & stand against @POTUS
Can u take on @TRUMP OR can u say the right words?maybe wrong words for “El Duce” @JeffFlake. Your fellow Arizonan is being attacked. POW.
What GO P is working towards is more money for you and your weAlthy donors. Nothing more. You give nothing to people who trusted you. Shame!
Sorry Flake if we let you get past the primary we will be stuck with you like Mccain
Oh come on, you won’t do sh*t
It seems you have left your integrity behind you when you know and support #GOPTaxReform - a tax break for the wealthy.
Looks like your changing your agenda.   To late, Kelly Ward is going to beat you badly.  Bye

Yeah right. It will not be reform, it will be cuts and you know it.
If ONLY it was tax cuts... It is tax cuts for the wealthy, paid for by higher deficits, higher debt, more interest paid for by Americans.
Of course you will. Anything to make sure millionaires get a tax cut.

You mean tax cuts for the wealthy, don’t you? Straight shooter that you are I know you’d want to correct the record.
Tax reform or tax cut for the wealthy? Giving a tax cut to the wealthy & corporations on the back of the middle and lower classes is WRONG!
Thanks for clarification. Screw the American people, the Trump type people will line your pocket for their tax breaks. Got it.
Special interest is paying for this bill.  Cheaper to donate to a gop senators campaign then open a factory.  Ask kansas about tax breaks
is not reform it's tax cuts 4 wealthy we r really smart even with our girly brains #nosenate4uin18 we vote
This is a tax cut for the top 1%. Middle class will pay dearly for this. Shame on you for pushing this ghastly agenda.
Its cheaper for billionaires to buy republican senators v building a new factory.  Look at kansas thanks to gop cuts with promised growth
Let's not lie and call it "tax reform". It's a tax cut for the top 1%.
@JeffFlake Do you even know what reform means? Cutting taxes only for the very richest ppl in the country isn’t reform Jeffy!
Why? You’ve been rubber stamping Trump agenda. I’ve come to terms that us middle class “folk” have no chance for any kind of relief or advancement. Always a benefit for the top % earners

The present tax code of several thousand pages is very complicated and need to be reformed
As a Tempe resident, I ask that the top bracket get NO tax cuts, and if you lower corp rate, then eliminate ALL deductions , like ref folks
Trickle-down is a failed strategy. Do your homework, please
Seeing is believing!
FLAKE does about face Now playing tax reform ball
Unless you are interested in term limits this will never be fixed
Just make sure it's for the middle class, not the rich.
You'll sick your wealthy donors on our elected officials???
It's bad when the truth is not being told - taking $$ from Medicare caid to support it, 80% of benifits goes to the top 1%, + to deficit.
I am a constituent & applaud ur stand on paring down loop hole tax dodges for ultra rich, thxs! Am a life long progressive,az res & would like u to % nix wild horse slaughter too!
Please support Mr Trump Tax Cuts agenda, voters are watching you!!
Say “Hi” to you bestest buddies the Koch Bros! This tax bill is their #1 agenda item and the whole reason you are in office now. #2018 buddy
You didn't try to stop the bill that gutted the DEA'S ability to stop the spread of Opioid addiction and death in 2016. Lobbyists wrote bill
So you see, alpacas ARE livestock. Pro tip: take more initiative and do your own research. They claim livestock on taxes bc they ARE.
From Wikipedia: Livestock are domesticated animals raised in an agricultural setting to produce commodities such as food, leather, and wool.
Alpacas are not exotic pets. They ARE livestock and are raised for their fiber. Did you really not do your own legit research?
I am all for tax reform if it's made fair and not just a gift to the top 1%.  There are too many loop holes.
I beat the republicans can't pass ANYTHING this year  good or BAD
How? Be specific. We need to make it unlawful for companies get "exemptions" from the government from duly passed laws. #ACA must go.
This will finish off your political career with the #EstateTaxRepeal as a huge gift to only the top 1% while we go faster into debt
Wrong stance, Sen Flake. This is a Trump boondoggle which will benefit the 1% and corporations.  Trickle down economics does not work.
Yawn....
You are going to take on the Koch’s?
Please discuss Kansas failed tax experiment, trickle down theory, and why Kansas republicans voted to reinstate taxes to save the state!
@deedra2018 & @RepSinema r ready 2 send you al-pacing in 2018--assuming u make it. #azblue
How about you just get your colleagues to vote for it.  Especially @SenJohnMcCain the biggest repub flake. No pun intended...
Yes! See libitals, this! When the Koch brothers say jump! my man Jeff asks 'how high?' on the way up! Stalled agendas and failed...
Presidency's be damned, our advocate will never...and I mean NEVER, stop fighting for the billionaire class, of which I think there is ONE
that actually lives in Arizona, and Jeff is ready to go to WAR so that his rotten kids don't have to pay a thin dime of estate taxes!
And yes libittels, I am aware that the slimy and foul smelling Koch bros live in Colorado, but that doesn't stop my man Jeff from doing...
everything he can to make sure that the sweet Koch loot never helps any of the poors. That was HEROS do libs, and they sure as hell don't...
hold silly town halls in places like Tucson or Flagstaff. Why libs? Because the Koch weasels aren't there, that's why. But you know who is?
This guy, this guy is waiting, and he ain't no billionaire, but is looking daper af.
Are you going to take on the self indulgent, senile senior Senator? The Brutus twins need to get over themselves. Kelli Ward 2018
If you want to win get rid of that hideous profile picture.  It looks so phony establishment.  I mean who advises you???
Great, start with the NRA.
Get the f*ck out of there !
Like middle class Americans?
We in the middle don't want this, it benefits none of us, ya know the people you r supposed to represent
You mean you are taking on the American people to fight for multi-nat corporations & the top 1%. We expect nothing more of you! #NoFlake2018
Eliminate tax free religious groups
What about non profits who donate as little as 10 percent such as the March of dimes?  You can’t just single out “religious” groups
Them too :o
I believe religious groups should be taxed as business, I would leave the individual deduction *to* then intact.
You'll stop at nothing get the rich richer and throw your constituents and public services out the window? Can't wait to vote you out.
In what way rearranging brackets and cancelling credits a "reform"?
You need to take on McCain who is working on his legacy and not for the people.
Don't care about the poor guy.
Except the billionaires funding the GOP. You sell your soul to help these ungrateful selfish people. You need to think about that & shower.
We need a commitment to not repeal the estate tax! Don't vote to lower Trumps family's taxes! #taxtherich
Quite a remarkably uninformed statement.
Are you in favor of deficit exploding tax cuts for the Trump family? How does this help the residents of Arizona? GOP has no answers
Another uninformed, trying to inform on a bill that isn't written. LOL.
But ask yourself who will this tax reform help or hurt?  I don't think the answer is the middle class..so it appears you don't care.
What an absolutely sophomoric speech. You’re all obnoxious crooks. I’m sure you are in some lobbyists pocket too. Actually do something
The 'special interest' group most opposed is the average voter. Don't we matter to you?
We we do...that is the whole purpose!!
Why don’t you take on @SenJohnMcCain he is the obstacle
Second this tweet, get McCain and Graham on board
What about the national debt? You going to take on that? GOP plan is to add trillions to our debt. See the GOP for what they are..liars
what happen to GOP being fiscal conservatives who cared about the debt. Tax plan increases debt by $1.5T. for what? economy already strong
No word on what you'd do to help middle and lower income Americans. Why? This reform is a gutless move to curry favor with donors by denying our families what gov't should provide to all: good public schools, safe infrastructure, & access to affordable, comprehensive healthcare.
Tell me how
how about supporting home owners?  or is it by design to hurt blue states on coast with higher home prices. I live in red NC and taxes go up
Should have 'pun'ted on that speech.
The Kochs have @JeffFlake in their pockets. Be forewarned.
Give it a rest. You aren’t going to be re elected
Kansas is the bellwether for this tax reform. It didn’t work there and it won’t work for the rest of country. I have family in KS, it’s true
So does that include billionaires who will not use the money to stimulate the economy or create jobs or pay higher wages, but just save it?
And their estate tax will be repealed meaning their next of kin will inherit all that money tax free. Seems like a win win for the very rich
American people are against it. GOP tax reform is nothing but a big giveaway to the wealthiest Americans, with nothing for working backbone.
Where is the proposal available to review publicly? I'd love to look through it.
Save your donors the cash and concede to @kelliwardaz no amount of groveling, thoughts, prayers and visits to the Temple will save you #MAGA
Oh jeez. U mean you'll take $$$ to screw middle & low class Americans in favor of your corporate donor$.
Tell me how
Shadowboxing "special interests" so you can reward the wealthy donors who will buy your seat in '18? Pffft. Transparent.
Please explain

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
Taking on the middleclass and throwing support to the countries biggest corporations...typical.
*country's - gosh, I need to proofread. Some days my grammar is as horrible as this tax reform bill.
unpossible

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Basically robbing the poor to benefit the rich
That is not the question. We want infrastructure improvements and taxes to pay for them. Stop the BS and think what is best for America.
AZ and the nation deserve better than Flake and the @GOP
#RemoveJeffFlake #FlakeOut2018 #DismantleGOP #FlakesBetrayal
How about the millions and millions of middle and lower class who will be hurt? You continue to fight against what ppl want and need.
I'm middle class!! I'm all for it
Enjoy.The cuts to Medicaid, Social Security and Medicare will hurt millions.;In addition to loss of deduction of mortgage & SALT.  BAD4most
Lol ... ok
"I'll take on to" Details matter @JeffFlake & details of GOP #TaxReform NOT good for little/middle sized guy but seems swell for bigwigs

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
So not true LOL
No tax cuts for the rich! #NotOnePenny
Why?
How about majority of Americans who will not benefit proportionately to upper 1%? Cuz increasing inequality will make every problem worse.
Brenda drank the Kool-Aid
great speech.... and insight. act more, do more..
Why don't you become concerned about your voters rather than your donors? Debate? Let's debate $ in politics. Name the place and time.

but why not ask for @realDonaldTrump tax returns so Americans can see how much he will benefit... @realDonaldTrump is a special interest
You are an embarrassment. Can't wait to vote you out in 2018!

STOP THE DEMOCRATS MURDER AND SLAVE TRADE.
END DACA
