Tax reform is a made up issue. Deal with Infrastructure, DACA, Harvey Relief and Debt Ceiling. Tax cuts to wealthy aren't necessary.
It would be a plus if you could remove your foot from your mouth and support American Values. U talk out of both sides of your mouth ..
You shouldn't be talking about anything except DREAMers today....that's it
Save the #Dreamers first and pass the #DreamAct straight up NOW!!! #DefendDACAِ #DACA
Father of murdered Floridian Mother reveals suspect killer was a DACA recipient. Carlos Ruben Redriguez age 24 killed Kelsey Engelsen age 24
What joke!
What to know what will be really great to see?
@kelliwardaz taking your congressional seat
#DumptheFlake

You one big WIND BAG!!.. a sucker in the SWAMP!! We want the swamp drained of double talkers like U& McCANE! God is dealing /w MCC
Your new name - senator jackassery. Get used to it RINO

McCain & Flake too busy virtue signaling to meet with a constituent/mom of slain cop when she makes the trip to DC. http://trib.al/TpWlKaq 
Election time lying Jeff is out tweeting for illegal alien votes 2day supports DACA over Americans who are suffering. Time to Replace
obamacare is a tax according to the Chief Justice.  Could not get that eliminated.  Good luck on further tax reform. #MAGA
Today needs to be about protecting Dreamers. They've been put at risk under your watch. Support Dream Act
Heard @JeffFlake supports Dream Act - good news! Now make it a priority and influence senate colleagues! #DACA
Dream Act is far more pressing
Trumps tax reform is like Robin Hood. Rob the poor and cheat the rest.
No that's the Democrats. FOLLOW THE DOLLAR THAT IS WHAT THEY ARE ABOUT.
I assume you are hard at work today for the illegals that work to elect you! America First starting now!
Do not work with this SOROS RINO!!
#DACA should be the first thing you do. #ProtectDREAMers Tax reform can wait.
I don't want another tax cut for the rich. I want a fair rate applied to everyone. Can you manage that?
Soooooo, you want tax breaks for billionaires BEFORE allowing 800,000 to achieve the American Dream? Sounds about right.

I sorry for you
News was that that was Pelosi and Chuck Schumer no mention of any GOP leadership what's up with that?
Enjoy it while it lasts Flake.
Did you see Trump move to
The left . If he pulls just
A handful of Dems with
Him. He is going to Crush
You Bigly
Once again you have the wrong priority. #DreamAct #DACA
Better do your research. Large companies do not need more tax breaks. They need to pay their share of taxes on huge profits they make!
Oh yeah that's not at all the feeling I got! Those guys getting together to see who else is left to screw over! POTUS isn't a fan of yours!
Shutup Flake. All you care about is open borders, showing love to Cuban dictators and giving you owners at the Chamber cheap labor
Too little too late.  You don't even deserve to represent the party our POTUS represents
Uh, if I were u, I'd choose another noun; the word "leadership" doesn't really fit in conjunction w/ #Congress - "work" seems off, too.
Stand up to this president. Don't let him rob us. Don't give the rich more while we suffer. Don't let him destroy the America we 
#taxreform affects all US citizens and the entire US economy. MUCH more important than the illegal #daca.
Good!
I think it is too late for you.
We can't wait to vote you out
Don't kiss his ass he would not  help you. Just makes you look weak. Be strong, you are  right! Dietrich Bonhoeffer is the hero not Hitler.
It's about time. Support him.
I am sure @kelliwardaz will get the job done when she's elected...we know you're not worth _______
.ur so hilarious #nosenate4uin18 @realDonaldTrump doesn't work just does campaign rallies
#daca should be your priority!
We'll be watching....
Don't forget #DACA Do that first. Tax reform won't help dreamers.
Wake up and support Dreamers.   Do your job for all Americans.  I am so angry.   What have you done to our country?! What a legacy?!!
A legacy of a country whose laws are actually enforced should be one that everyone desires.
Are you for real or do you bend with the wind? I am your constituent. For God's sake quite praising this man. What has he done for you or me
I've yet to see any Congressional leadership.
Tax Reform? What about your constituents' family members and friends getting booted out of the country b/c you won't do your job? #DACA
When the GOP works on tax reform, Americans worry and corporations celebrate 
@JeffFlake or should I say Eddie Haskell. You are a #suckip
Let's sneak some corporate tax cuts in between hurricanes and racist legislation... No one will notice right ??
If we get the tax break we'll spend the money. If the rich get it they'll hide it in the Caymans. Do the right thing for us all.
Taxing 401k & elimination of mortgage interest is NOT TAX REFORM!! it's helping wealthy only.
Guess who votes for the wealthy and 94.3% of the time and favors higher taxes for the middle class? http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Jeff-Flake-400134 …
Take care of #DACA first.  If you're going to reform taxes, I hope it will help us & not the 1%.
How come no Democrats were invited?  Once again the GOP is hijacking our democracy.  We will have a say!
Tax reform for Trump's cronies?
JeffFlake your history, start updating your resume!
Hopefully you won't be a flake and vote for it!!
Congress must protect the Dreamers. Nothing else matters until then.
Nothing except healthcare, tax reform, voter fraud, Awan brothers, unmasking, google/FB censorship to name just a few.
Yeah, hurry up and screw all of us in the middle class while you vote yourselves more wealth. How about you impeach Trump first? Thanks.
If Congress fails to build a wall, comprehensive immigration reform, taxes and healthcare it's Primary time
Thank You for honoring hardworking taxpaying American who pay your salary
Congrats on the only 18 percent approve of the job Flake is doing..Race to the bottom.
Why should someone, whose not trustworthy, and not willing to provide their tax returns be permitted to do tax reform? 
Congress please focus on hardworking American taxpayers who have barely left after paying health insurance repeal ocare end daca Kate's law
Why does tax reform need to get done? Serious question. The Senate Budget Committee is reportedly considering using in its budget ...1/
...resolution a “current policy” baseline instead of the traditional “current law” baseline for evaluating policy changes - a seemingly...2/
...arcane maneuver that, in fact, would make it much easier to enact $439 billion of regressive tax cuts over ten years by hiding their...3/
...fiscal and distributional impacts. That could help a Republican tax bill appear to be less costly 'cuz you hid the billions that are...4/
...skewed to the top: they are worth at least $40,000 a year to the top 0.1 percent of households but far less to low- and ...5/
...moderate-income households. This move for "tax reform" is merely a move to REENACT these EXPIRING cuts for the top & claiming...6/
..."new cuts" won't reduce revenues or increase inequality. This is bogus. We are not demanding tax reform. Look at corporate profits. 7/7
I'm moving to AZ just to vote you out Mr Flake
So many millionaires in Congress. Why wouldn't Flake love Trumps tax reform...  He'll benefit...  And the rest of us... Oh well, too bad!
That's what you're concerned about?!
Stop trying to kiss @realDonaldTrump 's ass; he's still going to support your primary challenger.
Real reform or tax break for corps and 1%?
Sorry but many of us work at those evil corps and the rate is so high it's not competitive that Americans get outsourced.
Tax reform only needs 2 get done 2 give tax reflief to middle class. Tax breaks to rich does not create jobs. History has shown never works!
DACA first
DACA last
THAT'S what you are going to say today???
Jeff you are a flat out liar. The median age of DACA is 22 yrs old you Flake!
Dreamers before tax reform. Your party is shameless.
Don't you mean Foreigners before Americans
Agreed... But please equalize things for the middle class.  Corporations should be taxed the same as people, not less.
Is @POTUS working on finding his @TaxReturns?  When you've accomplished that, then we'll talk.   Who is served by @whitehouse policies?
Lol, so we're back to that now? Are we done with Putin puppet, Nazi, and Crazy Man or are we just working our way back thru the order?
Start counting down till your unemployed Jeffy.  You won't be causing trouble much longer. #kelliward #MAGA #EndDACA #LoveSheriffJoe
No, first 8000,000 good American people need to be made American citizens first.  They are more important than tax cuts for the rich.
Except they're not Americans. If you want to blame someone, go find their parents.  Or Obama for selling them the DACA lie.
Tax reform 4'R party always means screwing middle class.
I actually agree but Donald Trump is not a R
Hey Jeff!! AZ voter Here~ DO NOT give tax breaks to the billionaire class. If you support Trump~ you are GONE. 
It did not take long for you to hitch the old bookseller wagon up to the Trump train. You stand for nothing. Get a backbone.
Record run of monthly job gains. Corporate profits high and cash on hand high. What problem exactly will tax reform solve?
With DJT growth is going up to 3per.  Which barely keeps up with pop.  But long run US companies can't be competitive at 35 percent tax.
Why don't you try working?  Hypocrite! TERM LIMITS!!
What exactly is happening to my 401 K.
Why bother sucking his dick now? he already wants you gone.
You hate @potus So don't try kiss http://up.You  are a globalist sellout who cares less about Americans than illegals.
@JeffFlake With only 6 months before 800,000 #DREAMERS loose their rights, #DefendDACA takes precedence over tax reform. Do the right thing!
Yes, you need to back him.
See McCain's whacko bird, snowflakes, national trolls are still trying to make you think you're not an ARIZONA senator. Kelli Ward 2018
What #Democrats were there?
How about putting the brakes on the Fed. Handouts to these Dreamers! We pay our own freight they should to.
This is why your conscience of a conservative his horse crap.
I believe #daca should take priority, not taxes
You know Trump doesn't do anything that doesn't help him
You're selling out the kids ? I live in Arizona..not gonna vote for!!!
You!
I live in AZ and I have kids too, but they're US citizens. Don't their dreams matter?
Yes to #DACA yes to #TaxReform NO! to #socialist #Obamacare. #repealdonotreplace.
Trumptax reform for the rich is an abomination Eliminating deducts for the low & middle income families to give refunds to the wealthy
Think your Brutus twin will kill this bill too? Bet we see DACA deal long before taxes or health care. Kelli Ward 2018
You sure talked a big game in your Op Ed rebuke of politics as-is, but so far nothing has changed. Today is for DREAMers. #daca
Comment on daca?
They are working on tax cuts for the wealthy, not tax reform.
To hell with tax reform, save our dreamers. Signed, the Middle Class. #DACA
Is this your concept of "fair and simple"?
Tone Deaf.
Well congratulations. Because now your President has placed another legislative priority ahead of tax reform. #DACA
trouble is Potus doesn't want to have to do anything with you
Congress needs to extend the amount of days that they're in session until the end of the year.
After tax, Warren Buffett keeps 84% of his income for an effective tax bracket of 16%... please compare with yours and see if that's fair.
Corrupt Flake wants more tax cuts for the rich and will leave the working middle class to die.
Seriously? No one is thinking tax reform.
Every US citizen is thinking tax reform - except maybe the ones that don't pay taxes...
Nope. #DREAMers first.
too little too late Jeff. tick tock.
Why are u sucking up to the most 
disastrous @POTUS  in history at this point. 
Start impeachment or lay down while he rolls right over you.
impeach the corrupt and inept fool
Watch you put DACA before this though!
Why Not Health Care ? Taxes ? More The American People first , not daca 
come on the show , The American People have lots of questions ?
Please tell us you are not for tax breaks for the one percenters.
While I appreciate your contrite ass kissing, I'm trying to screw the middle class. Get a backbone!
Wait, what about the three immigration bills you we're working on?  Or did you give your Dem. counterpart that task while you eat Sun Chips?
Not much I see right now would I describe as "great to see". I am so sad and worried about where we are heading. But long as y'all stay rich
Yeah, um, this is also happening...RIGHT HERE IN YOUR OWN STATE. How proud are you now? #DACA #DACAWorks #NotMyPresident #POSOTUS
What a joke! Never mind #daca comment
Wake up Jeff.
Right Jeff. You just want your conservative pals to get richer
