Time for Congress to change the way Washington does business. A permanent #earmark ban & spending cuts would be a good start #nationaldebt
20 trillion is nothing , don' t sweat the small staff, look at the big picture
Jeff, You and other out of touch folks in Washington are the ones spending the money. Have you ever spent less? The debt will destroy us.
Becoming a dictatorship or starving middle class doesn't solve that problem.Taxing billionaires would be a good start.
Billionaires already pay the bulk of the taxes. Cutting entitlements would be a better start. Everyone who can work should work.
Stop fighting unfunded wars. There no war tax? Five trillion plus for the stupid Iraq war and the endless Afghanistan war. #nationaldebt
We can't save our way to reducing the debt. The tax base must expand. Lower rate of course, but more tax revenues must be collected.
And what are you doing other than lying to constituents and trying to let illegals into the country?
Thank you Obama and Republicans & DemocRATS!
Get a clue
"Get a clue?" Hey The Destroyer, you need to change your Name to "THE DORK!"
What are you, 13?
U obviously fancy yourself as something special, "the destroyer," LOL, Obviously, "The Dork" is a better fit 4 UR Dorky personality.
You have know idea about me yet you feel compelled to conclude about me. All I said was your conclusion was unrealistic thus you get a clue
Your original response to @JeffFlake used labels. Your response to me used labels. Your second response to me was based on labels.
Stop you and your republicans from starting wars and using the credit card to pay for these wars that you start with lies and deceit.
Yes and you and @GOP are responsible! Stop taking a salary and wasting our tax dollars...save us some money!
Yet u may consider funding the "wall," right?  It's unfortunate u didn't do more for the country by working with Obama in the first place.
and what exactly did you do to prevent 0bama from spending as much as the 43 POTUS before him COMBINED?!  #SwampDweller
who's to blame?
Sounds like more tax cuts are needed.
Why don't lead by example & reduce your congressional budget by at least 50%, stop taking free Obamacare for you & staff. Or Vote for WARD!
Out of the RHINO's mouth!  You own 4 yrs. of it!
Aren't you a member of congress? Do something about it!
Sure Flake , take  August off . Sounds like ur real concerned Enjoy it while it last ur out 2018!

What have you done to trim govt and balance the budget?  Have you voted to secure the border to prevent the billions lost to illegals?
Can you provide a legit source for your ridiculous claim?
Most of which was run up by Republican president Bush who fought two wars and had neither on the books until President Obama added them.
You and the other RINOs are responsible for that. 

No worries, @kelliwardaz will change that.
Thank Obama for that one dear
Kelli is in because you never win!  RINO loser!
So true @JeffFlake.  Will you and Senator McCain please resign ASAP so we can start fixing problems instead of making them worse?!  Thanks!
And you allowed on your watch
And Republican are part to blame for that.  Remember Bush's Medicare bill not paid for and two wars still going on.. So please stop
Then think republican - tax those that can afford it, increase wages for those that can't and accept health care I a right as citizens.
Every time a GOP majority emerges,they leave more debt.I dare u to look up those FACTS.
So how is giving the top 1% a tax break or restructuring the tax code going to help this?
Cutting taxes means PPL spend mo $, buy mo stuff then companies hire mo workers who instead of get welfare start paying taxes
Not when most of the tax breaks go to the rich. Trickle down economics is a proven failure.
You mean the rich who own businesses that employ people? Lower taxes=more jobs. There's a reason economy has struggled for past 8 yrs.
Right on Jeff we have to stop the give away programs
$3 TRILLION caused by Bush43/Cheney MIDEAST WARS.  Wall St ran up debt by fomenting Great Recession.  16 Trillion $ sucked out of US economy
You should have worked with POTUS RINO.
Meanwhile, my city is going bankrupt down here but yet they're all still fighting Arizona for the right to keep the plastic bag ban. -_-
Really?  I am not trolling new to Douglas and would to see more about this?

You've obviously never met him. Hardest working man there is. When he's not in session he's more than likely traveling to every corner of AZ
If I only had a 19% approval rating I would be traveling to every corner too. @kelliwardaz
Yeah sorry, he's a little too busy doing what's he considers best for his country to be worrying about approval ratings.
Who are you, his kid? LMAO.
Well I'm gonna hit the hay #ByeFelicia

Yeah! You let BHO double the debt and now you are worry about the debt
Yes, republicans put 2 wars and a drug plan on credit. They also borrowed 3 T from our SS. Own it Bub.
Well you didn't seem to care about it when the last president was spending more money than any prior one.  Too Late.  @kelliwardaz !
True and it was tripled by the Obama Admin. and you fools in Congress who allowed it. Time for you to GO!!!
Under your Tutelage Dude!!!  Is Flint MI water getting shipped to AZ Senators!!!?
Yeah... you just wake up? We've been warning this for the past 8 yrs, starting with the explosive ACA
After you don't get elected this will be you.
You can thank Barack Obama for that.  The billions he stole and sent to Iran would really help about now.
Thx BO!
I didn't hear u complain during obamas tenure?
Ya know Jeff, I wasn't seriously considering @kellywardaz @kellywardaz until I heard you speak and checked you out. You sir are no American!
Well be Sure to send Your Thanks to the Assholes in #Congress for that! Nothing to do with #Trump Ask the banks if they made profit last yr
Your right and this is not Trumps creation he wasn't a politician but you were so how you suggest your & Republican colleges fix
your right Senator Flake and Congress Sat on their butts the last 8 years and let Obama& democrats create this mess.
And who is responsible for that $20 trillion, Obama and a GOP House & Senate that gave him everything he wanted.
And yet you want open borders?  I cannot wait for Dr. Kelli Ward to do a RINO-ectomy on you in 2018.
Yeah talk to your idol Obama about that.
So why don't we just have the government create money the same way the commercial banks do, but SPEND the money into circulation?
Yea. They don't talk about the deficit anymore do they
U do understand that most of this debt is owed to ourselves.  Cause is gop reducing income the having unfunded wars, rx plans etc
hope you or at least your staff checks out @SecondHarvestFB to get a sense of the challenges..and it is not #FakeNews
Does this mean, for instance, that the snap program should be cut to the tone of billions? Over 300K are food insecure in  @OCGovCA (1 of 2)
Thanks to Obama
And most of it brought on by Republicans who (no big surprise) don't want to pay for it. #Moochers #Thieves
Well thank Obama
So what are going to do to fix it?
We have been at the "most ever owed by a nation in history" for a very long time.  Why is Congress spending money we don't have?
I agree. Why have you failed so miserably for the last 16 years in Congress as the debt has grown 14 trillion? Quit whining and do something
And no gimmick can hide the fact that the SENATE let Obama double our debt in 8  yrs and didn't do or say a damn thing so please Flake Off
Say it. You voted on every hike that Obama proposed. Your fault it's so high.
Small businesses need a tax cut. They are unfairly taxed. Do your job!
Where was your sutra get with Obama DOUBLING the d by in 8 years you need to be replaced by @kelliwardaz

And Trump's been President how long?? You are a RHINO
Humm, you were there for the last $10 trillion weren't you? What does that say about you?
Thank your marxist pal who was responible for the last 8 yrs!special thnx for the billions of taxpayer $ he gave to worlds #1 enemy
Your name is Flake because you are a flaky crusted RINO.  Are you intelligent enough to see what Obama did?  (It wasn't Mr. Trump.)
I'm sorry, didn't you mean to tag @BarackObama in this tweet? He IS responsible, you know? #RINOFlake
ObamaCare contributed to this debt and Illegal Immagration spending also did. YOU want BOTH  #hypocrites  #KellyWard4Senate
To which exactly half is  attributed to Barry Sortos ALONE, your buddy
You don't seem the least bit interested in trying to solve this problem, just in appeasing Democrats that want to destroy USA
Best of luck in the private sector Jeffrey
Maybe if #Obama, #hillary & others like them wouldn't have lined their pockets so heavily with our $ we wouldn't be in as much debt.
and you wanted Hillary for prez.....Obama doubled the debt
But let's invite in millions of peasants every year! That'll do the trick! Loser. Go away.
Your political pandering is not going to work anymore. You support welfare for illegals. You support the cartel that is the health industry
Your days in the senate are numbered.. you will never be there to implement any of your quick fixes of budget deals
y do u not support DJT?
Hello @kelliwardaz ... welcome to the Trump POV of making America Great (than Flakes same ole swamp)
So educate the country in why this is dangerous!
Amazing what decades of GOP allowing robber barons to suck money out of the economy will do. But sure, let's punish the poorest Americans.
Well you guys KEPT GIVING IT TO OBAMA!
HE DOUBLED OUR DEBT!
And you, Senator, where in office during @BarackObama spending spree that allowed it to get so high.
So @jeffflake you're proposing a tax increase on corporations and billionaires to increase revenues, right?
Where will you cut the $? The VA? Disability Social Security? Paying for uninsured destroyed homes in FL & TX? Give up, the fight is lost.
Thank that racist Obama for the debt
Your immigration stance is part of that !Our Hospital Emergency rooms are so full My Brother had a stroke yesterday & got sent home !
How is cutting taxes going to help that? Wait wait dont tell me we can grow/cut our way out right?
Jeff,  you've been part of the problem.  You and your colleagues are proficient at kicking the can down the road. NoMorals!
Yes it is bad, and what have your done to change it?
Would you like us to thank you now or later for your help in achieving this milestone.
Very scary.
By the wealthiest nation ever in history. Screaming "BIG NUMBER!!" doesn't help without context.
Sorry Jeff we don't trust you anymore. You have your own agenda!
#KelliWard2018
So stop spending our tax dollars on war & reduce tax breaks to corporations & the 1%. We are taxed far less than the global average.
$20 trillion debt is sympton of FED/IRS Complex
Unlimited credit and a deadly force collection arm
Since - Federal Reserve Act of 1913
$19.8 Trillion when @BarackObama left office & he increased it by nearly $8 T.  2 catastrophic events + building depleted military is a must
Thanks to OBAMA for that
We didn't see u crying like this when Obama was running up the debt. U  helped him. U are so fake. U need to be replaced. Shame on Arizona.
You just noticed?
only way to change this is to begin removing these types of charlatans from office. You've been a senator 4 years, not 5 minutest.
Support Rand Paul defunding the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, unless of course you and the Deep State are too dependent on billions in drug
For 8 years you stood by and did nothing while Obama doubled the debt. Good riddance to you and all like you. 11.6.2018
Indeed. Why do we keep letting politicians hoodwink us. Like John Kerry: against debt except when he supports debt.
They think we don't see them for what they are but they are sadly mistaken. We are not the powerless sheeple they adore and depend on.
And you had a hand in spending every dime of my tax dollars
Billions spent on illegal immigrants each year,disastrous ObamaCare wasting billions-
You are in the Senate-do your damn job! #BuildThatWall
It is there because BO and the left  doubled it during his tenure! Don't u dare blame POTUS Trump for it! U are another that will pay!
You set right there and watch it happen with obama and nothing said. What a pus
And whose fault is that? Not Trump!
Where were you the last 8 years of democrat corruption that raised this so high? Were U maybe just filling your pockets like democrats??
No phony good guy routine will denote the fact that Congress allowed Obummer to run up that tab!
Then stop obstructing the President...save us taxpayers by fixing healthcare, fix the tax system, and don't spend my money on illegals.
And just to think Jeff, YOU have been creating nearly HALF of that as a congress member! You should be ashamed as all of congress should.
Yet you all sat back and allowed it over the last few years. ...and the missing funds?
Like the $2 3 Trillion missing on the day b4 9-11 & $6 Billion from HRC'S SD & how ever much was missing from HUD, just 2 name a few!
What about unfunded liabilities??? The can keeps getting kicked down the road.
Tired of flakes running Congress.
Blame Clinton, George Bush and Obama
You did your part
And what did you do about it? Crickets.... you're out !
Your pal Obama and your inaction aiding in it. I do believe a rollback in pay retirement benefits for all house senate members is in order.
AND JUST WHO ALLOWED OUR NATIONAL DEBT TO DOUBLE IN THE LAST 8 YRS GENIUS?
Two words:
Rino
Obama
Thank you Obama, Democrats and Rinos. We will put people in office who won't go into debt for illegals and foreigners. Enough!

Well, we could save a ton when we put an end to illegal immigration, but those are the constituents you care about. http://www.fairus.org/issue/publications-and-resources/fiscal-burden-illegal-immigration-united-states-taxpayers-2013 …
And Obama is the cause of half of it
When did you start to have this concern? you've been in there 17 years
Exactly did he try to stop obama from spending it
You have done nothing to bring the debt down because it is out of your control. Congress/Senate aren't in charge of anything but obstruction
accrued under your watch
But PPH is still getting funding along with 50 billion in foreign aid. American losing again.
You did nothing about that entire time Obama was in office & doubled it, but let's get on your soapbox now about it. You're a fraud
What have u done abt the #NationalDebt the last 4 years?
and what are you doing to help fix it? You have obstructed and not helped fix the problem, which means your part of the problem.
Owed mostly to ourselves.   Jeff be honest this debt came from republican cutting income then unfunded wars,  unfunded rx plans, etc
This is hands down the dumbest tweet I've seen today, but it's early.
Closing the boarders and stop giving illegals free welfare food stamps and housing
And who got us there, in 8 long disturbing years, Sen. Genius? How much did you stand up to that?
#ShutUp &  #GoAway
Translation: "Holy sh*t I'm gonna lose this damn election! I better try to flim-flam the rubes with something I'll never follow through with
Let's thank Obama for Doubling the debt! He added more debt than the 43 Presidents before him! And all you do is talk! No action!
Yes and it is thanks to Obama ()!
Well Senator the American people seen the train wreck coming for years with Senators standing by on the platform whistling Dixie! #USADEBT
Hoping @kelliwardaz kicks azz in Az senate race. We need people who want to fix our country. #maga
Didn't see you trying to work with the president to fix the debt situation. Whine maybe help not so much.
Nothing can ever offset the fact that Obama added more to the national debt than ALL previous presidents combined.   #DrainTheSwamp
And you have done nothing to prevent the debt from getting to that point.  #KellyWard
I'm sure you've been a contributing factor! All you politicians are crooks... Dems, Reps no difference
Nice try fool!  Your 6 years of do nothing are up!  Primaries are coming soon so please enjoy your spotlight for now.
Bye bye #rino
Nothing to show for OBAMA RAISING DEBT BY 10 TRILLION. DID YOU GET SOME OF THAT MONEY? WE AMERICANS DIDNT.
Support our President and stop being a RINO.
SO my question is why did you guys do this to us taxpayers? I'm sure it's fun spending others money, but we are sick of it.
Why you didn't stop OBAMA? SHAME ON ALL REPUBLICANS. HE RAISED THE DEBT BY 10 TRILLION, DUMMY!!
Who owns most of this Jeff? Your BF Obama.
A good start would be to get you out of office!!
100% wrong. Deeply uneducated and silly. We expect better from a Senator?
Far too many entitlements.  Cut Government spending!
Yell thanks to Obama and all of your pork that you in the house add into it so take responsibilities
No budget gimmick or phony spending offset can hide the fact that US spends as much on military as next 15 largest countries combined.
Yet you cry about Medicare  not being expanded
Oh and now 7 mos it's all POTUS fault?
You truly are a flake
BalancedBudgetAmmendment
Feigning concern, who touching.
Why didn't congress speak up last administration when debt went up more than any other president... this president trying so get behind him
Sen. this happened under your watch.Republicans are part of the problem! When time came to raise the Debt ceiling I heard YEA from all!
Let's start with Congress. Cut you pay and perks in half. Then lets kick out the millions of illegals.
Thank obamaramadingdong for that. Don't you dare blame Trump. You useless politicians have caused this. Spineless sycophants!
Obama is $10T of that debt
Primary your ass first.
Swamp must drain with you down the pipes.
Since you're so concerned w the $20 trillion deficit now that Trump is president and Obama's done. Give up your pay when you're not working
SO WHY didn't you stop it while Obama was in office, before he got yet another increase last year
Just think dems had control and gave it call away and now rep have control and you guys can't agree on what day it is, both sad
You can blame RINOS like yourself for allowing this to happen. Where was your concern these past 8 years?
I say cut Congress members salary, benefits and set term limits. Time for the American people to change the way Congress does business.
.@JeffFlake gee thanks #DoNothingCongress and #BHO !
And you voted for all of it since you've been in congress.
What did you do about it the last 8 years Senator?
I don't remember you being this upset when Obama was president and the national debt was skyrocketing  
Misleading. As a pct of GDP, US ranks 16th (105%). Japan ranks 1st (237%).
Most of the debt your currently crying about came from 8 years of obummer where were you then
You're buddy Obama did it.  Cry us a river.
