Praying for those hurt & killed today in Charlottesville. This is nothing short of domestic terrorism & should be named as such.
They're Nazis.
Thank you Senator
if you feel this way, truly, then why not @realDonaldTrump??
Now try condemning the voter suppression by your party!
Thank you.
Bless you, Senator.  We're always quick to criticize when we disagree, so we also need to be gracious when we agree.  Thank you
Thank you. Now, get that monster out of our White House.
I hate this less.  

But you'll still vote for his every destructive whim, so zero points awarded to you.
part of the seperation it looks like
Fickle separation motivated by political slips in polls not abhorrence of Nazis or violence.   

That's why 0 points.
Likely, especially if he doesn't stand against the president in the future. Still important.
.@SenCoryGardner please explain now why your voting record is 100% with trump whose popularity is dependent on this Nazi "base"
So he is suppose to vote like a liberal now?
if he believes what he says and not political opportunism, he will vote to restrain trump's excesses
Here's what @SenCoryGardner believes: @NRA donates $3.4M to his campaign -gun proliferation is good. How much does restraining trump donate?
It would seem DJT only calls it terrorism when it is perpetrated by the 'other'. Never one of the 'us'. Home grown terror in Cville.
Both sides were responsible. Potus was right in his statement.
THANK YOU!!!
Like when Obummer called out radical Islamic terrorism right?  Oh wait, never happened.  You guys suck.  Keep losing.
@SenCoryGardner  You've earned a slight increase of respect from this coloradan. Keep showing more ability to stand up for constituents.
The Charlottesville car attacker has been screenshot & uncovered on Twitter. He was a leftist, Trump-hating Antigua member!
Gee, it took you all afternoon to conjure this up? Were you morally constipated?
Thank you
Hey Gardner They're Your Base
Mr. Gardner: our "president" supports these groups, directly or indirectly. This event is a direct response to his positions.
Wow, one of you can speak. Amazing!
Fucking idiot. You didn't even wait to see who was driving
Neither have you edgelord.
Oh: https://twitter.com/whitopiggu/status/896466859989417984 …
Too late now to save face. While I voted for you last time I won't again and I hope many others won't as well.
Thank you.
You sought out and accepted support from the same people. This is the @GOP. This is YOUR base. You are part of the problem.
Will you back up your condemnation with action?
Here, I fixed it for you: CC @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  READ THIS!!
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/896465229181210624 …
There were 2 extremist hate groups there. Why is it so important that he specifically condemn one and not the other?
Only 1 was hate and extremist, the other was against them. Your believing the lies. Which side are you on?
Antifa did not have to go. They wanted trouble so they went. Not much hope for you. Bye
You believe the lies and you have picked your side.
Thank you for this important tweet. The people of CO stand against this disgusting act of hate.
This is just disgusting white supremacists organizations should be treated as the terrorist organizations they are
Thank you.  Now denounce Gorka, Bannon and Miller that are in the White House spewing this hate.  Words and silence have consequences.
You did something right. Thank you.
Finally you say something I can agree with.
I’m frequently a critic of yours, but thank you for the clarity of your statement here.
Crazy left is getting worse..Now their fighting w/ each other!
Thx Senator. If only ur colleagues would stand up to this evil man as you have in this tweet. But tweeting won't be enuf to save US from him
Thank you @SenCoryGardner for doing the right thing#corygardner #patriot #countrybeforeparty
I totally agree! The evil liberal leftist extremists that burned and flipped cars in DC, Oregon and California fit in that group too!
This is your party, your president, and your responsibility.
member who drove the car and violently killed ppl today. Its their MO. Divide the people, create the chaos, and then blame the victim for...
And he did ...dont try to make something out if nothing
Now will you speak out against the white supremacists in the White House?  Start with Sessions, Banner and Miller.
Scary to think of how you'll be remembered in Wikipedia isn't it? The generation of GOP'ers who supported the active return of the nazi...
Don't be such a useful idiot for the left. They will use you and then spit you out. But the retweets are awesome right?
You do know ANTIFA has openly Nazi members right? Are you going to condemn them by Legislation also?
So what do we have due process for?  The hell of it?  I'll call the EVIL BY NAME Governor Terry McAuliffe for starters.  Guilty!
Thank you for writing this. Please stand up to him.
The president said that. He also said all involved were hate groups and they are. BLM ANTIFA, KKK, Wt Supremacist, all the same. U R coward

73% Say Freedom of Speech Worth Dying For - Rasmussen Reports™ http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/lifestyle/general_lifestyle/august_2017/73_say_freedom_of_speech_worth_dying_for …
I voted for you-now wonder why. Suggest you read & understand this before making greater fool of yourself Senator.
Would be out to either shame me for not "standing by the pres" or his super PAC,spending 9 figures to  just outright oust you that's the GOP
PRESIDENT TRUMP has spoken out AGAINST WHITE SUMPREMACISTS FOR MANY YEARS, CORY.  WHERE WERE YOU???
Actually not you cretin. Protest was peaceful - they have that right no matter how repugnant their views - till Antifa initiated violence!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
I  Former  crisis actor! I believe  Democrats will perish! What It  had done to me!
You're still butt hurt that Antifa is a DNC domestic goon squad?
Just wanted to check in on this and see if you're planning on following up with any actual actions? Thanks!
We can only hope both sides are condemned for Nazi members. They both are openly Nazi. ANTIFA wears Nazi badges
And his name is corygardner #boughtandpaidfor
What about ANTIFA?
Did you read read the presidents statement on Sat then again on Monday He did call these groups evil and not who we are as Americans
On both sides
Its was ALSO ANTIFA n BLM...They Are All Terrorists !!!
So you saying we have 63 million Russian Nazi's with voting RIGHTS?
When are you going to call EVIL for what it is BLM & ANTIFA, oh you ok with those domestic terrorist
How much crack did you smoke? As I recall Obama would not even say the words radical Islam put the pipe down dude
The President called them out. He called them all out. There is guilt on both sides for the riots. Be brave, recognize the truth.
Here's his name and his words
Hes a Disgusting Evil Person  ..Hes A Relic..So Old he looks like Hes ready to be embalmed..The walking Dead..too evil too lie down!!  
Do you understand English ? President condemned white supremacists already. But president must condemn alt-left &ultra violent leftist gangs
Note: Sen. Cory Cory Gardner (R-CO) indeed voted to confirm Jeff Sessions as Attorney General.
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/896465229181210624 …
…and voted to put a racist birther on the federal bench
Whoa, so you do have testicles after all..?!?!  To this point in your term, who would have known??
I was shocked to see this spineless senator tweet this out. Must have paid someone else to do it on his account.
Honestly, he's scared shitless he'll be voted out and getting desperate. Ducking constituents for months, hiding under his desk; pandering
He's been pretty pathetic to say the least. Moving his office shows how scared he is of the truth and the people confronting him.
My friend offices in same bldg in CoSpgs and said he hadn't been in for months/weeks one point. Protestors every day, but not Cory
Sounds about right. Scared to show his face after he's represented this state in a way that doesn't reflect a majority of the CO people.
He was on @9News last week and looks like a very nervous and scared incumbent; in over his head and sensing an upcoming election loss.
Sounds about right. A lot of republicans are feeling the pressure for the 2018 election.
There were antifascists too. What do you have to say about them? What will you say when the driver of the car is found to be anti-Trump?
The driver is a white supremacist, you fucking idiot. The driver intentionally drove into a a group of counter-protesters.
Yep

https://twitter.com/PorkyWomunHater/status/896470792333967360 …
You have is wrong. @POTUS did call evil by it's name. It's time you back bald the President.
Ok I get it the white supremacist are evil and bad but so are the radical Islamic sect and left hate monger so let's call it all as it is.
Yet while we dedicate billions to fighting Islamic terrorists, we do virtually nothing to counter domestic terrorism by Neo Nazi groups
Or the left wing that go into cities and destroy businesses and attack people who don't agree with THEIR views. My pt is all are wrong!
Not arguing stating it's the same thing
The difference being, of course, that the white supremacist march actually resulted in deaths, not just property damage. Not equivalent
Well can I remind you of the 5 police officers killed during a protest in Dallas in 2016. Just saying again and read well all is wrong.
While tragic, that was not a killing premised on racism or even partisan politics. That was a lone, vile act. Not equivalent to a movement
Joel VanGheluwe = domestic terrorist
Joel VanGheluwe = Anti-Trumper
Uh, no. James Alex Fields is the guy in custody. Nice job.
Not my work. The MSM was saying Joel VanGheluwe not long after it happened. He then set the record straight from his FB account. Poor guy.
Look, I'm not in the 'confirming your narrative' business. I'm in the truth business. These things matter.
Thanks Cory.....We'll forget about your Yes on TrumpCare just for a moment....But thanks
No we fking won't.   The fear the Republican Party forced disability moms to suffer for MONTHS was legislative terror and malpractice.
You don't have to forgive him or like him. But when ask Republicans to speak out against Trump and they do, just thank them.
Thank is strong. A nod. A tip of the hat. I don't thank people for being baseline decent. I expect it of them.
Ok , but it isn't the right moment to reply with criticism.  That can wait until the next bad tweet.
Hey Frances, did you thank him for mansplaining things to you? You go girl
I can't believe I just liked a tweet from Cory Gardner.
Thank you Senator Gardner. From a constituent.
Thank you for calling it out got what it is
Worried about your re-election in three years? It's too late. Colorado is done with you and we will prove it at the polls.
white supremacists neo-Nazis they had no reason there but to provoke.Use the same yardstick the US uses to vilify NKorea
Thank you for your moral clarity on the evils of white nationalism both in your tweet yesterday and your #CNNSOTU appearance today.
And left people are allowd to be violance ?
Thank You Senator Gardner
"Cardboard Cory" has a backbone, stands up for all decent folks - bless you!
Thank you, I wish my Senators, @SenTomCotton & @JohnBoozman had your courage. Neither has uttered a word. @realDonaldTrump
Good suggestion for the President to clearly condemn KKK and white supremacists!!! Why doesn't he?
You have no say. We will vote you out of office. Dont act like you care now, when you were willing to vote millions out of health insurance
Was just a matter of time before the criminal elite started calling its own people Terror!
Boy do I wish it was un-American.
thank you for standing up!
KKK & NAZIS
UNDER CONTROL OF GLOBALISTS !!!!
Thank you for showing backbone.
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
I don't call him Mr anything just bozo and loser
Is he up for reelection?
Praying you get replaced , You are the deep state corruption
He won't & if he does we know it's a lie. You & every Repub in Senate & House must take action. No more words. @SenateGOP @RepMimiWalters
You took 280,000 mining jobs from them, the racist of the Charolettesville city council took their identity by taking way its general hero,
Trump hand picked a clan choosing many racists as advisers & cabinet. Miller, Sessions, Bannon & more. Trump's judged by t company he keeps
Sen. Gardner, "extreme right wing" = Tea Party = protofascists = Republican Party "base."
Where were you during antifa, blm, and anti-Trump violence? Crickets...
The world is watching Sir. America is a shambles and has lost its way.  Its not looking like the land of the free and home of the brave
You supported him, you're part of the problem! There's blood on your hands also!
Trump did NOT call out Mosque ATTACK in USA? 
Trump did NOT call out OR man attacking girls; Murdered Vet,CAgrad 
Trump voters BASE in VA
Good for you @SenCoryGardner . Right time to take a stand! #charlottsville
Reinstate VRA and reverse gerrymandering.
What about #Antifa and #BLM Cory? Do you condemn them? @POTUS condemned all sides! --->
KEEP SHARING THIS!! #Charlottesville was a #BlackLivesMatter and #Antifa march 
#FaceTheNation 
#tcot #ccot 

…
LEFTIST PIG
Thank you for finally getting it, senator.
Good luck with that one!
BullSh%t the left had this planned, they are the ones who are causing the violence hopefully you get voted away
Your bravery and morality is invaluable
Look for @DNC #LiberalLoons #Rhinos @SenateDems to use the latest conflict to legislate more laws and further the divide in the U.S.A.
POTUS IS A TERRORIST AS WELL I DO NOT OBEY THE WORTHLESS SCUM
Hate is hate white or black. If you call out one race for hate when exhibited, but not when the other does it, you are basing it on race.
Racism needs to be stripped from our society, but it will never be unless it is addressed equally in our society.
Thank you for calling him out.  His response was unacceptable.
Thank you, Senator Gardner for showing us what Leadership looks like. It has been missing in Washington.
Thank You!
Thank you sir
Full of it. You're not the first to go straight to an extreme point of view
Your president cannot honestly denounce racism or nazism. He would have to denounce his own heartfelt beliefs.
Congratulations Senator for having the spine to call it as it is. Terrorism is the unlawful use of violence in pursuit of political aim.
Yes Senator but why did you leave out ANFITA and BLM?
Give us a break.Does the President have to be an expert linguest like you now?
Do you  think the people didn't know  
These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism?
Mr Gardner just where is your mouth on anti-fa, blm and all the alt left. White supremacist is wrong!
it's time to take a stand against the de facto head of the ant American extremists emboldened by the white supremacist
Good first step.  You recognize these hatemongers are terrorists.  So, please stop supporting Nazis in the Oval Office.
You two #NeverTrumpers need to either back our (R) Pres. or remain SILENT. His original statement was immediately after the incident. #RINOS
So where were YOU when BLM was burning down Ferguson and ANTIFA was burning down colleges????????
This is his base...these r his ppl..

Thank you for speaking out and calling evil by its name, Sen. Gardner!
Monday Cory will be back SUPPORTING Trump

 White Supremacists 
 Dictators who MURDER Citizens
 Politicians who Punch & Slam Reporters
Haven't supported you much. But I appreciate this. I hope the characters you tweet aren't just words and are followed with action.
You mean like we call the enemy that is ISLAM by its name??? You are so out of touch with reality that you don't even know what reality is!
Amazing how one can attack his president for calling out all violence. Why are you protecting Antifa?
He is one of them
You sir, where not only kind to my family but truthful in the face of hate. You will have my vote for as long as you need it #MySenator
You do not need to go against the President! He's damned if he does and damned if he doesn't.
It was ANTIFA and BLM. But you knew that already because you support Commie violence.
Where is the rest of your Party. Not privately wincing. Privately condoning?
Let us know when @GOP decides to put their country before their party and do something about it.
Good for you, Senator.
Nothing but Domestic Terrorism
This is what happens when u allow Nazi & white supremacists in WH. Bannon/Miller/Gorka. U r complicit. #ImpeachTrump
What do u call the raging maniacs in antifa? Hmmm? Freedom fighters who just HAPPEN to be armed w/ baseball bats & glass canisters of piss?
Just because you are a Republican doesn't mean you have to support Trump.  #CountryOverParty
Bullshit not all were supremists.. I'm not a supremist ..white lives matter...too ...we can protest as good as the minorities..
Well. Protest well. #grammarnerd
also include,BLM, Anti-fa, all home grown domestic terriosts let's be honest.
Sounds like we've been here before.
Thank you Senator for your words about the need to call evil for what it is. A democrat who appreciates your words choosing what is right.
Thank you for your words to Mr. Trump. He is strangely silent on white supremacists. Does David Duke scare him that much?
You ask @POTUS to call this domestic terrorism? WTF was BLM and ANTIFA? Childs play? You think people in those cities weren't scared?
But you'll veto impeachment for the White Supremacist leader in the White House so your "condemnation" falls on deaf ears.
Stop this insanity & embarrassment from this President. Can't John Kelly stop this??  Embarrassed to be an American!!
U literally did the minimum decent thing here. 2 bad u supported gutting EPA & denying med insurance to the least of us. FOR SHAME!
Instead of just tweeting about it, why not take actual steps to hold the President accountable?  Otherwise, your comments mean nothing.
You must condemn BLM and Antifa violence too. Could cost relection in CO. Kkk, blm and  antifa same evil. Lead and do not take sides
Obama coukdnt call radical islam terrorist as such. No difference
Amen!
#Charlotesville when will @GOP and @SenateD agree this is not the man to lead our nation??????
May be you dirty politicians are just blind and deaf for own political gains.A decent man would never wanna become a career politician.shame
EXACTLY!!
When are you going to call out the violent rioting far left Antifa?  Oh and what about ISLAMIC terrorism. #CallItWhatItIs
