Income & wealth gap continues to grow, this is decidedly not the last thing business need.. also you do not represent businesses, sir *sigh*
All I can say is ... what side on you on anyway.. Standing up against #trump for what? There are a lot of working poor in Arizona -Wake up!
So sad for these business owners have a hard time calculating OT pay over 40 hours. #mybrainishurting
When will you realize what's good for businesses hurts the working people of those businesses only people that benefit are the CEOs & the 1%
GOP mentality is never pay working people what they deserve, but always give tax cuts to rich.
Why do you hate the middle class so much? Workers should have protections from predatory employers. I feel bad for your constituents.
Flake on the primary, Dem in the general. That's what this ind will be voting. Can't have someone worse win primary.
Kelli Ward, a primary opponent, is certifiable. I'm pretty sure she'd be worse.
That's why I will ask for GOP ticket in primary.
why don't Republicans actually look at some archaic laws & improve on them? how about looking at 40 hr workweek,OT rules,sick days,vacation?
Why do you hate the working men and women of AZ?
Sick, sick, sick of hearing what whiny businesses need. It's all about whiny, poor little business.
Jeff higher wages for workers mean they have money to spend that helps the economy. Buy a car, appliances etc. Drives the economy
Flake must be stopped. Supported pardon of a terrorist by Obama but  against Sheriff Joe. Now pro-illegals. Join the Democrat Party
So it's okay to beat American workers out of their hard earned money. Who is it you work for now? Tell me again
you don't care about the people of AZ! how many obamacare insurers left in arizona? what are premiums? honest people suffer, you dont care!
The last thing AZ businesses need is more red tape and me as a senator... 

Fixed it for you...
Bull sh t   Flake
Flake for CEO, note senator!
Yep. Anything that screws American worker is fine w/ the fascist republicans
What a pathetic reaction. You've sided against American workers. We'll remember that!
Yep red tape is the problem NICE TRY
Open door: Employers making hourly workers work longer hrs., threaten to fire them if they don't/can't, and then not pay them for extra hrs.
If business owners can't afford to fairly pay employees for work performed, they shouldn't be in business in the first place. That simple!
Or people can choose not to work for them.
Businesses act against their own best interests- more $ for workers = ^$ for businesses. They pay you to hurt them. Good job.
Companies ship jobs overseas to make the most $ with the lowest expenses. Now no OT? Downward pressure on quality of life for middle class.
Burdensome to pay people for all the hours they work? How about the burden on workers?
What about the burden of not being paid a fair wage for one's work?
You're making socialism the majority among you people. You're helping the left more than the democrats. Well done.
If you're concerned with red tape--you should resign.
The last thing AZ needs is more of you.
Oh, you only CARE about those who line your pockets, not your constituents.
That red tape really gets in the way of robbing workers of their pay.
"Burdensome" = paying people for their work. Good to know. #VoteThemOut
I guess we know your priorities.
.So, does that mean workers don't have to work burdensome overtime without getting paid for it?
Not so good for employees forced to work more 40hr week just because they are salaried.No problem burdening them.
If salaried you usually already make a living wage. There in lies the difference.
I've worked a salary job or two. No, you don't. Let's say you make 12.50 an hour (decent pay for where I live) salary based on 40 hrs (1)
So you want non salaried workers to suffer like you? Is that your argument?
Hourly not salaried. Sorry.
What? I want fair compensation for services rendered. That means salaried employees should not be making below minimum wage after hrs worked
Think I just didn't understand you.
Not supporting worker's rights betrays the middle and working class
Thats right!  How dare people expect to get paid for working!  #LetThemEatCake
Tone deaf tweet of the day. And that's saying something.
But you are OK with red tape when it comes to women rights!
If those businessmen can not run their business without paying for the time of their employees then they are not good at what they do
Let them fail as they should and someone who can do it better will fill the void
Stunning you actually tweeted this out loud. Maybe we should cut your salary considering you work about 109 days,get full bennies???

Another sell out to the wage thieves.  Pathetic.
I bet your constituents will be calling non-stop to thank you for that $80 pay cut
A politican who makes 6 figures is really applauding the working class in AZ not being able to get Overtime pay.....fucking pathetic
I wonder how the overworked overburdened underappreciated underpaid staff feel. They will have 2 work overtime 2 clean up /spin this opinion
So people should work over time for free cuz it's "too burdensome" for employers to have to pay them. Got it. 
Jeff trying working 80hrs a week, at min wage and get back to us
'the last thing workers need is fair pay for hard work' - Jeff Flake.  i corrected that, for you.  thank me, later
I almost thought you were a decent guy... for about half-an-hour.
So you're against fair compensation for services rendered? Interesting.
Bet those workers are glad they don't have to be burdened with getting compensated properly for their work.
There ya go folks the @GOP I have watched for over 40 years
Special thanks to you & my employer for the COLA raises I got to Social Security and pension over past 3 years. Adds up to $13/month.
With my extra $13/month I can buy my 3 grandson an extra Happy meal once a month. Except I have to rotate months, you cheap SOB.
Have you like Trump lost your mind?
Thank you Sen. Flake for your efforts to make the lives of middle and lower class citizens of AZ and America more miserable.Sure appreciated
Republicans always claim to be for working people at election time, then screw them every chance they get. You're not fooling anyone but U.
Wow....I guess you were okay without ot pay when you started out???
I am  you have just lost your re-election.
Perhaps we shouldn't pay Jeff, since he's not doing any work for the people.
corporations are people too.  
then perhaps we shouldn't pay them either ;)
that does present jeff with a bit of an issue, doesn't it?
Take note AZ: Jeff doesn't think you should get paid OT for extra hours you put in. You should work for free. Your time isn't worth a cent.
You should be ashamed of your position. Your supposed to represent your hard working constituents.
Burdensome only because it forces corporations to do the right thing & pay their workers fairly. Now owners & execs get bigger bonuses.
Says a guy who gets a salary for barely showing up to work.
The last thing greedy corporatists need, you mean.
Really? "Let them eat cake"
Yeah, because paying workers to work hurts the bottom line, am I right flakster?
I disagree. Please ask those of us who have worked 72 - 80 hours a week on salary for an employer who purposefully keeps labor hours thin.
Yeah be like Trump and don't pay your workers.
Hey dimwit, these tax payers are paying your salary and medical expenses; why are you against such idea?
Do these people ever listen to the nonsense that they spout what an ass
Republicans are for lower wages. Awesome. Now if Dems can't come up with a winning strategy with this reality then we are truly hopeless
You're a monster. Some people rely on that overtime pay to stay afloat!
Businesses put people on low salaries, pay no OT and work them to death! Anyone should be paid for the hours they work and earn OT for OT!!
Remember Jeff--all those white people working in the fields after Trump kicks out all the brown will want overtime.  Enjoy your $10 lettuce!
So paying someone for the extra hours they worked above their 40 hrs scheduled work week is considered "red tape."
Glad that federal judge has struck down burdensome overtime rule. The last thing AZ businesses need is more red tape https://www.flake.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6B1E7CE7-EE07-43A3-BAD4-2C00F182A8AB …
Every time I see a GOP rep tweet something like this I'm dumbstruck thinking abt the brain of the average GOP voter
Glad that federal judge has struck down burdensome overtime rule. The last thing AZ businesses need is more red tape https://www.flake.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/press-releases?ID=6B1E7CE7-EE07-43A3-BAD4-2C00F182A8AB …
Interesting, @POTUS has been killing off tons of regulation but not a word from you or help in coming up with more ideas to cut others.
Really thought you wanted to keep your job. Be for the 'People' & better pay. I was defending you against #45 .No More. Show me better.
'Burdensome' to have to pay people for their hard work, isn't it Jeff?  Rethug policy example, in all its glory.
Why do you hate American workers, Jeff Flake?
You care nothing for workers and the working class. Equal pay, unions, overtime and liveable minimum wage are what real Americans want.
Dope
Why do you hate everyone who is not rich, white and male like yourself? Those extra $s mean a lot to a lot of people.
It wasn't "burdensome red tape" it was fair pay what a line of garbage you're selling people. You should be ashamed but money buys that away
We wouldn't want those workers taking any mone out of the pockets of the poor CEOs now would we
Spoken like yet ANOTHER JERK out of touch with his constituents who survive with overtime pay being what helps them the most!
you make close to 180k for about 120 days of work a year, with a generous retirement and healthcare. we're not commodities. we deserve pay
Hmmm. What about employer abuse of salaried workers?   You make well over $200,000 a year by tax payer hard work.  Why r u not helping them
The REAL burden is on the people getting cheated out of overtime pay.

Flake endorses activists judges and employers not paying employees! Double whammy of terrible judgement for the soon to be former Senator.
Right, the poors shouldn't be appropriate compensated for their labor, am I right? We can't be rich if they aren't poor! #YouSuckJeffFlake
Biggest mistake Az made was voting a flake to office. #2018 bye jeffy
It's awesome when a guy who makes +100k off taxes works less than 50% of year applauds a guy making less than 45k inability to make overtime
Jeff always cheering corporate fat cats screwing workers out of EARNED pay. Nothing new here. VOTE HIM OUT IN 2018!!!
Yup screw the worker-a lovely Labor Day message brought to you by the GOP
What red tape? Paying overtime is fairly easy. Blocking fair wages is the hard part. You celebrating keeping low wages is typical for @GOP
Just another pro business lobbying to dismantle workers rights.  Who is going to protect the common man? It used be govnt, but now who?
Those pesky workers askin to be fairly compensated was gettin in the way of more CEO pay.
Why yes, how burdensome to actually pay employees for time worked...indeed cut that red tape to boost the profits businesses don't share
Could you be anymore out of touch?
And you have the nerve to criticize Trump?  You're two sides of the exact same coin.
Looking Like BIG Corporate Imperialism Has Won Again. Thanks DC For Helping Us Working & Middle Class Stiffs.?
Yeah, paying workers has always been a burden to their bosses.
Yo, Arizona workers ~ you got Flaked.
Thank you for being a champion for working men and women!
Senator please list the jobs you have had before you became a politician. Honest reply please.
Sham. You keep backing the corporations. They're the ones who have cut wages/hours/benefits/scheduling...reducing workers' path to success
Right, becuz who wants to be paid for hours worked. Silly little people. How about employers who can't afford to pay go out of business.
Jeff Flake..Man of the People,for the People...if by people you mean those who Worship GREED! #FUFLAKE
that's some BS right there..
What about the employees that @BarackObama 's bill aimed to protect? Should they be burdened so that employers can profit? Not cool.
Yes, by all means screw hard working Americans over. You deserve to get primaried & have a Dem take your seat who will fight for workers.
I just know you can't be serious. You're being sarcastic, right?
One of your constituents
Perhaps you don't need your salary paid by taxpayers.
You are going to lose. Good.
Oh, glad you say? Tell that to those employees forced to work (at will) 60+ h so that they can pay YOU 2 lie to them. SHAMEFUL
Glad? OMG after you desperately trying to not get re-elected?
I'm sure your constituents appreciate knowing how you feel. I wonder what the employer employee ratio is in AZ.
Because who wants to be paid for the hours they work
So much for having your constituents best interests at heart! Does any republican have a heart or a soul?

Do you get overtime pay?
Guess workers rights don't mean anything to you. Now I know you are not for the working man.
Election time is coming !  BY BY jeffy !  flake off !!!!
This is the kinda thing you celebrate? Oy vey . AZ is still a right-to-work state and a abstinence state. Embarrassing. But, guns!
I like your courage to speak ethically & honorably. But disagree here STRONGLY!
You know what would also help? Repealing Obamacare like you promised 
Enjoy the short time(14 mos) you have left in office
Guess u like them working ppl 4 however many hours they want. Bet if u had 2 do it, you would want few extra $ but we know @GOP doesn't care
So Jeff, you believe workers don't need no stinkin' overtime pay!

We'll remember that at the ballot box
Make sure you vote Flake out & put Dr. Kelli Ward in during the midterm election!
Funny you say that but you voted against americans on ACA, and you probably will do it on tax reform.  Worthless
NOW I KNOW WHY TRUMP DOESN'T WANT FLAKE- HE'S ON THE #PEDOGATE LIST GEN FLYNN HAS! 
It's so burdensome for people to pay what they owe.
You empower parasitic businesses to demand limitless work from the people of AZ  without paying a living wage. Salary caped at $23K. #Shame
Sorry you feel that way
the last thing employees need is to be cheated out of their paychecks.
Thanks for the "thanks for supporting me on repeal of healthcare" message to my diametrically opposed messages. All about the $$ for you.
Again, tone deaf and detached.
WTF
Red tape to Republicans, labor protection to the working men and women.
.#Republican Family Values: Dad gets to work 80hrs a week to make up for what he used to make in 60hrs.
Here's the folks who claim to be standing up for the working people.  Well, standing up and boning them at least.
You don't believe people should be paid for their hard work?  Will you be advocating compensation in IOUs for your next trick? #VoteHimOut
@JeffFlake Arizonians time to remove this out of touch fool! He's trying to take away your fair pay & it's time to vote him out!
Hey Flake, being paid fairly is not red tape! You are done  fool! Not smart enough to know it...
If you find supporting Arizona workers burdensome, then maybe look for a new job? Have you done anything to help us this year?
The fact that there is not one person replying positively to you should speak volumes, but you don't listen.
Says the guy who makes $174k per year for the part-time job of keeping the 1% happy.
So you don't believe that people should be paid for their labor. Good to know.
The last thing Arizona's voters need is overtime pay?  Is that what you really meant?
You are truly shameful.
Meanwhile Flake and the Republicans gave Paul Ryan a 16 hour work week. Thanks Flake.
Here's another good Christian man for you.
Republicans are working hard to scrap many work rules while they use Trump to keep us unfocused.
Lazy republicans couldn't handle real work. You're disgusting.
Why don't we just get of those 'pesky' child labor laws too while we're at it?  Why have any worker protections? Such a burden!
I thought you were sincere
My son was a Medic on an ambulance. The only way he could make a living wage was to work 60 hours/week with overtime. Shame on you.
Gee Jeff, aren't you up for re-election in 2018. U picked a good time to show us you like throwing working americans under the bus.  Thanks.
Striking down the overtime rule??? What about all the peple who count on overtime to put a roof over their family? Do U only care about rich
Burdensome for whom? Workers have a right to be paid for their time. #NoSlavery
Sad AZ and the rest of the country keep voting for ppl like u and GOP as a whole.
Because, "the Business Owners" know what's best for America. I'm tired of being told that Business Owners should control fiscal policy. B.S.
Yup you're quite the good lil Republican there Jeff. Screw the little guy over at every turn
Your new name - senator jackassery. Get used to it RINO
Last thing workers need is to be cheated out of their pay. @SenJohnMcCain Do you support this theft?
Are you really that stupid? Less worker pay means less taxes for you. It's not like the corporations pay their fair share. #trythinking
This lack of ethical paying practices is the reason why unions were established. Burdensome, pesky employees
Union!
Yeah! Fuck workers!
How did this man get elected?
94 thousand followers and 63 likes.C'mon man.Think before you text.
May you be reborn as a struggling worker in the next life
I thought this was a sarcastic joke. Sad to see it's not
Say it with us "REGULATIONS = PROTECTIONS for WORKERS!"People lose time w/family working OT, now DON'T even get paid for corp profits??! 
Yeah, screw the working person, right? We see you, Jeffy boy.
Oh nooo, you mean people would paid what they worked?! How burdensome & horrific! Orrr not forcing unpaid overtime & hire an additional?!
Right cuz employers should be allowed to do anything they like to their slaves, Jeff. Coming from CA AZ businesses have it easy. Truly.
"Burdensome" to the fucking ceos not the middle class worker who breaks his/her back at the job. Yup Flake is a good name for you.
Oh jeffie, how sad is it that the person voted to rep the people instead rep the businesses. What a flake.
Count down to unemployment! MAGA!
And the last thing American workers need is fair compensation for their work? Huh? What planet do you live on?
Does anyone really think Repubs are for the working guy and not the 1%? #TaxReform
Obviously plenty of morons do, or they would never get elected.
 There aren't enough rich people to put them in power.
You simply could not be more out of touch @JeffFlake !  Can't wait to vote for #KelliWard !  #ByeFelicia  #MAGA #supportyourpresident
MORE CHEAP LABOR, RIGHT. ?
