POTUS doesn't respect the separation of powers. When will u speak out against this? #checksandbalances #WAvTrump
No on Gorsuch
When's your next public event in Tucson?? I'd love to hear you explain how reprimanding Sen Warren was appropriate or respectful.
hopefully that includes the separation of church & state !!! We don't live in a theocracy, do we?
Limited government is a made up concept to keep the middle class down and allow the 1% to keep all the wealth. No regs.
46 yr. Arizonan - Stolen seat. Merrick Garland was extremely qualified. You have become corporate troll for teapublicans-sad!
if you like limited gov so much, listen to your constituents and stop making decisions based off who gives you $$ flakey flake
Anyone game for a general protest outside his AZ offices? If yes, pls msg me & we can brainstorm. I'm sure he'd love to meet us.
"Limited" government is fine as long as it's not limited to a select few in the conservative minority. Please represent us all!!!
I like limited government. I'd like it if the government would limit telling women whether or not they can have abortions.
good maybe he will uphold roe v wade and keep the government out of my vagina
How about you start liking the separation of church and state #resist
why not just go full anarchy then, and see how that goes?
How about it is a privilege to support my constituency and vote with them in mind instead of just my party
does limited govt mean he will stay out of my decision on abortion? Right. You don't believe in limited govt. But I do!
Hopefully he'll stand up to #SCLOTUS Trump. God knows you and the rest of @GOP aren't.
Trump doesn't respect separation of powers. What is your branch doing about it?
You are ridiculous. We need laws to protect us. You take laws away to hurt America. Good bye in 2018!
so you damn job Jeff.  What's the plan with Russia are you calling for an investigation? The people have spoke are you listening
Limited gov't except when it comes to a woman's right to govern her own body, right?
Genuinely disappointing to see you go from Trump opponent to one of his loudest supporters, Senator.
Hey I have a great idea for limiting government. Kicking you out of it.
I'd like for you to be limited.  2018 buh bye
bye bye 2018
I would prefer a Senator who actually did their job. It's amazing how I can not find a single positive remark on here.
I like limited government--like you not in it. #AZDemocrats
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! You're awesome.
. Any words of comfort for the US citizen children of #GuadalupeGarcia?
By contrast, POTUS does not.   U know what u have to do.  Plz demand a special select committee to investigate Trump-Russia ties!
Limited government only opens the door for money to enter in and do its inevitable corrupting.
Limited govt <> separation of powers.
Smack down 3 by 9th Circuit Flake better bail on Trump support or he don't stand a chance in 2018
if you like separation of powers then stop toeing the party line. That effectively merges the powers you claim to want separate.
as glad as I am he takes his own stand against his Trump, there are deeper issues under his breath.
funny, because the @potus doesn't
Thank you!!!
#2018GTFO #greed #goingtohell #shameonyou #suckup  you've shown that you care about you and that's it.
what about the separation of church and state in our school system. Do you believe that as well?
grow some balls and stand up for the country, not your so-called President. COWARD!
But you also vote for unqualified people like Devos, judgement needs check. You are a party lapdog.
limited government means we don't need you
we just do not want another rubber stamp for the GOP like Scalia was, SCOTUS should be unbiased!
limited government, you say? Trump tweets every day telling corporations and departments stores how to run their businesses?
celebrating thoughtful and moderate Republicans, thank you Sen Flake for your sane response to judiciary comments by @POTUS
it will be a privilege to campaign for whoever runs against you in 2018.
Statement feels false. You've voted consistently to enable a wanna-be tyrant and to limit checks on corporate influence on govt
Some of us also like limited gov. That doesn't mean deregulate everything to destroy American land & rights like you're doing
THEN WHY DID YOU CONFIRM SESSIONS YOU TOOL
Limiting fed and breaking up ninth means AZ can discriminate. That's what you want. Just admit to that, please!
Why is it that when federal government is limited, so are people's rights and freedoms?
When I think about limited government I think about term limits!
MERRICK GARLAND!!!!!
Give Trump a civics lesson on separation of powers, Please!
your idea of limited government is a bunch of double talk, right Jeff? Roe v Wade, militarized police and land swap deals. Hmmm
you're such a FLAKE
so excited to vote your ass out of office in 2018!! #anyonebutflake2k18
you are not listening to your constituents. Do you read your mail? Tweet responses? are you in a bubble or just don't care. 2018
Yes, please! Limit government from pushing Christianity! Limit taking bribes!
Was that a dig on POTUS?
how does limited government have anything to do with separation of powers. 2 different concepts!
now time for you to do your part and stand up to the outrageous policies of the current Republican administration
.@JeffFlake For those of you who like a Senator that cares about you, vote Jeff out in #2018
I agree that Judge Gorsuch is a qualified judge. But the question is why Merrick Garland did not get a vote.
Why did you VOTE to hurt so many children DeVos is so UNQUALIFIED and you know it shame on you for throwing them under the bus...
so why do you support a so called potus who doesn't?
if you like limited government so much, what are you doing there?
Don't lecture us about government. You stole A SC seat and sold a Cabinet seat. #DeVos.
if you had principles, you would support limited government absolutely. Not just everything-but-defense spending
it'd be easier to buy your "separation of powers" schtick if you weren't such a reliable Trump rubber-stamp. Talk is cheap.
he is nothing but for the rich and the wealthy and the corporations and not for the working people he is a poor excuse of a judge
It will be a real pleasure to be sure you are not re-elected too!
Stay strong
coward!  You will be out next cycle 2018.  FLAKE OUT 2018!
"fair consideration" HA where was that a year ago. Garland is the only valid choice. #stolenseat #shameful #2018
you seem awfully concerned about rubber stamps considering you are one. #shameful #2018
BOUGHT AND PAID FOR BY THE GOP!#NOFLAKE2018
I like protection of human rights more. Speak for #GuadalupeGarcia AZ born children who now are without their mother. #whyiresist
You are so full of it. You are a Trump puppet confirming a cabinet full of frauds, hacks & a foreclosure king. You=Pay for play!
how about the separation between the GOP and Russia? When will that happen?
but he is a great legal mind. Don't like that he's an originalist, Believing him and he means exactly that… A little misogynistic
wanna give us a preview on how you plan to back-peddle on all this in 2018?  AZ is changing.  You are no longer our voice.
Business over people wall street over people government over people. Not much to do with limited government unless u r abusiness
"privilege" is right. You blew it. 2018 is gonna be rough for you.
wait so larger government can't respect separation of powers?
-Don't be fooled, this is not a good pick for hard working Americans.
do you prefer the nickname "Sycophant Marionette" or "Obsequious sock-puppet"?
Amen to limited government. 635 days until the 2018 elections when we can limit your ability to destroy our schools. #WeSaidNo
for those of us who actually have a respect for women and their access to family planning, he's horrible.
we should limit government by getting flake out of it.
Are you trying to say we have sitting SCOTUS that do not ? If you are, elaborate, would love to hear it flake.
does he hate checks and balances like you do?
Merrick. Garland.
voted for Devos. Confirmed Sessions. Done NOTHING about Bannon or Russia. You are the poster child for a weak-willed henchman
limited government and you do nothing to stop Trump!?! What is wrong with you?!? Stop the tyrant!!
but you let someone buy a cabinet seat
