Your part of the problem! Drain the swamp
Congress should take a pay cut and stop getting SB subsidies from the Federal government. That would help with the debt problem.
Your words only mask the truth. Kelli Ward will soon replace you. she's #maga you are not. you sir are unamerican and a globalist
You failed your voters.
#Antifa needs you @JeffFlake
Now you want to do something. You've had enough time screwing us over. Time for you to leave. Everyone in AZ should vote @kelliwardaz
Are you making jokes?
A country whose priorities are funding a military empire and granting corporate welfare will have an excessive national debt. That's on you
How do you define excessive? How many dollars should there be in the private sector?
Yeah, we need an upgrade.
Remember all the time he spent against Obama increasing the debt...Me either...What a joke...can't wait to vote you out.
Don't worry bout terrorist pressure cooker bombs. You're pressure cooking AZ'ers patience by your ineffectiveness &this will backfire!
Loser. Leave your CuckParty already. We don't like your phony yuppy wanna-be conservative politics.
Try Comedy bcuz you suck at the Senate
Tax breaksare NOT the way to address the national debt!
Tax breaks can be revenue neutral.
Your state loses $1.6 billion in federal funding under this plan, Senator. There's been no hearing, no CBO score. Any of that matter to you?
So you'll be voting against the wall, corporate tax cuts, and tax cuts for the wealthy? Awesome! #NoWall #endcorporatewellfare
Pay off the national debt by raising taxes on corporations and greedy billionaires like Trump. They don't pay their fair share!
JUST another FLAKE on the WALL. BYe bye Jeffy
What happened Rip Van Winkle? Did you just wake up? All talk and no action Flake!
In that case, why are you wanting tax cuts? First pass a Balanced Budget Amendment, or at least a law.
Yeah that would be pretty much the Republicans fault can we say Iraq war stealing from SS and more tax cuts on top of taxcuts moron
The debt is no joke.
how come we didn't hear from you when @POTUS44 racked up the $20 trillion?
Repealing ACA will increase debt. Why not put your vote where your mouth/book is.
You're finished!
Look everybody, a RINO is up for re-election 

You're part of the swamp, Jeff. Time to go away. #MAGA

What have you done?

#BenedictArnold
But giving amnesty to 700k illegals won't add to that debt or anything.....
The 800,000+ illegals is the reason we are in the deficit of a lifetime! Wake Up America, stop the abuse from the Liberal/Dems.
Let's see ...how long have you been there? You do nothing and have done nothing about the debt.
I vote we cut salary and benefits by 50% for congress. They only work 50% of the time
Stop giving tax cuts to the top 5% and allowing Trump and his cabinet to abuse the system for their own financial gain.
Have proof of any of this statement? Share it with the world.
Barf
You would be funny if you weren't so dangerous to human life in AZ.
Start packing your bags Flake! You'll be out of office soon!!
And how many years have you been there watching it ? Hypocrisy anyone????
FRAUD ALERT!!!!!
Well seriously Jeff what have you done since you have been there?  Your record speaks for itself.  You should not be throwing stones.
Look in the mirror sometime.
You gave Obama everything he asked for except tools for our Military and now they are dying because of it.
Hey Jeff...weren't you a part of achieving that $20 trillion debt?  Stop blaming everybody else in that cesspool Senate and look at yourself
No one is listening to You! Go get a different job! You realky suck at this one! #NoMoreFlake #MAGA
Where were you the last 8 years when in doubled?
No vacations for congress until the Great America Agenda presented in primaries is passed
We need more illegal alien welfare mamas! That'll fix deficit!
There wasn't such moaning when it tripled? under obummer.
and illegals getting 40,000 dollar tax returns on fraud dependants are not helping! BUILD THE WALL NOW
You said nothing when your buddy , Obama was racking it up
11 million plus illegal immigrants don't help
Welcome to the party, pal! We've been saying that for decades but you and the rest of the career politicians keep adding more & more debt!
Maybe you you should have thought that before you were about to get booted and done something...
Too late Flake.
Get lost you looser, your done
You do realize you're part of that problem. It's like you're ignorant to all the bs you do!  You're outta there!
...said the Senator who rubber-stamped Obama's disastrous budgets.
Republicans run on the debt like Democrats run on climate. Both get to sit there & oppose something, but are really unable to fix it.
So you NEVER, EVER voted for an EARMARK?
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @POTUS You ever question the affirmative action joke that called himself president for the last eight years? #No
MO-Ron.....
#baketheflake2018 Vote that Idiot out.
Too late Flake you've lost all credibility. Don't bother your out useless fool .
You're funny. Done nothing while you've been there, put your finger to wind & decided to go anti-Trump. Now you know you're done & flailing
you realize you did not just get to washington? you are responsible for this
But you didn't mind when Obama ran it up to $19+ trillion. How could Arizona elect this dummy?
Reducing debt requires smart investments. No APP replaces an #ECE Educator. Join me & @AZAEYC in supporting our profession & #ChildCare4All
So was $19 trillion.
Goodbye flake
OMG! Only a Flake would say something so corny...vote @kelliwardaz , vote @FlakeforSenate and @SenJohnMcCain OUT #VoteThemOut
Now you are worried! What about when #Obama was on a Entitlement Frenzy! #NoAmnesty #RepealObamaCare
We've played this game long enough. Fool us once, shame on you, fool us twice, SHAME ON US.
Your last minute pandering IS NOT your record.
A 20 trillion dollar debt and Congress is paid for a hopeless Russia probe knowing that it's all fake using taxpayers money
Please stop.
But what's your plan to make that happen? Tax breaks on the rich ain't gonna do it!
Terrible puns aside, you're right.
We don't need you. You are impeding our president and that makes you an enemy liberal. Resign and let someone else do what's right.
He doesn't have to resign, his ass will be voted out so he understands no one gives a  what he says!
Be quite. You're out and we're moving on.
Sorry Flake, too late!
Says the man whose been in senate for how long?? And not done anything.
You were fine with it doubling in eight years right cuz I don't see any tweets talking about how congress let the debt double for eight yrs
why are you still flapping your gums. Go away.
#DrKelliWard 2018
Why can't congress cut spending like Billions to countries that don't like us & luxuries trips by senators & congress to foreign countries
Meet your replacement.
Senator since 2013.....now u speak
So why didn't you do anything while Obama was F'ing up our economy. #TermLimits
What a cheese ball. Tweeting doesn't seem to be your "thing". Too bad you're getting fired from your day job. 2018 coming fast bro.
No #StopFlake
You are as lame as you look
Ward is getting my money, not you.
RINOS must go! You will be ousted in 18.
Don't even bother , your Political career is over . Bye bye !
A $1.4million mortgage for a beach doesn't make sense either unless you are a billionaire.
Dump this #RINO 
Are you on vacation again tomorrow and all of next week???
Continue giving tax cuts to the Rich & it will be $40 Trillion in 10 years. You are part of the problem. Lead or be voted out.
I hate this Fuck Flake! However Tax cuts on the wealthy didn't put us $20 Trillion in debt! All the bullshit wasteful spending has!
How about paying for the wars you guys keep letting go on.
new poll shows Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) down by huge numbers among Arizona Republicans and trailing his opponents the GOP primary. kelli
Slippery Slope! Put aside party-based agenda with focus on what needs afixin'. Do not need amendment to fix $$. Everyone will regret later!
Flake your time is limited.. you will not be re-elected..
@realDonaldTrump #NationalDebt "would be cancelled-becomes a bookkeeping entry with nationalization #MonetaryReform
#dadjokes #groaners
Ok, Flake, you are scaremongering. I doubt you understand debt and credit, but are trying to look like you know something about finance.
Try voting to get us out of all these wars and start spending on us....single payer,infrastructure,spend for us!
And how many votes did I make for spending....we are not a company..fighting 7 wars at once where the hell do u think the money comes from
$20 trillion debt MUST be taken in relationship to entire USA balance sheet. Just like the mortgage on your personal balance sheet. Looks OK
Congress sets the budget, and the GOP has controlled Congress for most of two decades. Sit down.
Tax cuts for the rich! That will do the job.
Same as was done when it hit $20 billion and $20 million. Invest in America and grow out of it.
You might want to consider borrowing @RoseMarie4Real 's joke writer. She has been doing it for about 90 years.
Dude. You are not that funny. We need more leadership and less attempts at comedy. #keepYourDayJob
The GOP will accomplish nothing, if you don't come together.  Holding out because POTUS hurts your feelings is not why you were elected!
@JeffFlake if the US defaults on their debt will it actually matter?
@JeffFlake is the US government too big to fail?
U R part of the problem Flake. All of U act like it's always the "others" that R causing the problems. We know better! #FLAKENEWS
Exactly!  Greatest threat to our national security.
Suggestion:  don't waste taxpayer money on a damn border wall.
Wrong
Ya know, I don't think he reads the responses we post. He keeps ing fluff and nonsense. Just saying. 
Spends his day with swamp dwellers finding next knife to stab in our backs.
Let's raise taxes on the wealthy.  It worked for Clinton.
I have always said Clinton rode on Regan's coat tails...just proves it
What are you talking about?
Are you going to take that 10% that goes to the bloated debt from the bloated defense budget or the raise taxes on the wealthy?
$20T is outrageous! More incredible is how many can't understand it's enormity-they can't see the avalanche because the ride it .. for now.
U and ur big bud John didn't seem to care for the past 8 years Now ur worried!
Ur such a Double talker Flake !
Losing!
.how long have u been in congress? this is your mess clean it up @SenateMajLdr #nosenate4uin18
You know, since America has proven we're unwilling to cut spending, maybe the solution is.... raising taxes.
Our Nation Debt is serious and I'm glad you agree. And taxes are important also. they should be split according to income. Save the ACA
When you give huge tax breaks to the richest 1% this is what you get. You can't have it both ways!
So you plan to cut taxes on the wealthiest among us #NoSense #TaxRichChurches
Let's act like we care about America today and not offer any solutions.  I bet if was about illegals you would jump to fix it. #kelliward
A 16-year, endless war is unacceptable, but you and @SenJohnMcCain are okay with that! Why did you two vote no on @RandPaul 's AUMF denial?
more GOP bs. Most have a mortgage larger than their annual income. Us debt is about equal to GDP.
Please stop insulting the GOP like that that. Jeff Flake is a Democrat running with an (R) beside his name. We don't claim him either.
Please stop Jeff. I know you want to dumb down the state and country. Guess what? We are smarter than that.
How about your donate your donations to schools? Why is that OK to accept?
Retire
It's also unacceptable that you voted to give the president ultimate power to go to war & not follow the constitution to give congress power
Cute Dad joke; that'll distract some MAGA-ers.
Then you are only going to vote for tax reform that reduces the deficit, not increase it?  Correct?
Siri- attack trump and Republicans who betrayed me.
So reducing revenue through tax breaks make any sense? If I'm in debt up to my eyeballs, I don't go looking for a lower paying job.
dude:
Dude you aren't funny at all

Been AWOL Brutus twin. No budget for years, why? Too many vacations and phony book deals. Quit with the personal profit and do your job.
BUT @POTUS working hard 2 benefit ILLEGALS & NADA 4 WORKING CLASS. Did illegals win?
You don't have enough guts to fix it, face it
So, what's Your plan? #nationaldebt
You are not as funny as you think you are.  The national debt is not something to joke about.
It's simple. Raise taxes.
The senator needs to stop trying to be a comedian and get serious about his duties on the judiciary committee
As a lifelong Republican I will vote for a Democrat before I vote for Flake.
At least you didn't call yourself a conservative. Guess you're a liberal Republican.
Quit lying to start wars, end corporate welfare, make corporations pay their fair share of taxes, make it illegal to hide money off shore.
Try voying to stop the 1000 wars we are in. Your twitter says one thing and your votes say another.
"Alexa, tell me a joke"

E for effort
Meh. Dad joke
