Hello, we're here to help. Please DM us your name, zip code, and details about your bank fee concerns. ^AN
We appreciate the clarification. I'll share your feedback about this with the right people. ^AN

Support our president
<=== donates to hate group SPLC .  Will Flake ask them why?
Flake will shut down the Wall.
Flake will obstruct @POTUS.
Flake will raise taxes.
Flake will aide illegals.
Flake will ruin Arizona.

Facts
Interesting that the Senator would boast about cozying up to big banks when challenged by populist bigot. The #GOP doesn't learn apparently.
Get behind OUR president that WE elected or we will find someone else that will!
That would have been a waste of time
Did you ask them why they charge so much for overdraft fees which is mostly likely to affect families under 30k per year?
The major banks charged $16,000,000,000 from poor families living paycheck to paycheck from Overdraft fees in 2011
Jeff fake flake is swamp member in the pockets of chase potus is trying to clean swamp CNN and friends trying to stop potus
Kelli Ward was at a local coffee shop listening to the hard working people.
So Chase Employees are not hard working people?? Jeez what the hell is wrong with you
Why these people? How about meeting with all AZ doctors and nurses about health insurance for themselves their families their patients? Duh
Big crowd...ba ha ha. Say good bye next year. You're going home and kelly Ward is taking over. For one reason, Trump mentioned her name.
Flaky jerk!
Clicked just to see the responses. Was not disappointed.
I hear your poll numbers have dropped significantly! Buh bye Flake 



You only talk to people who are at work and will not be vocal about what your constituants think
Did you sell yourself out to them to betray the party line more
Shame on Chase JP Morgan.
GROW A PAIR Tepid statements are not worthy
Best way for @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain to protest the #ArpaioPardon is to ditch @GOP, become Independents & deny @realDonaldTrump the Senate
Hey, nice work rino, how's that re-election bid looking. #unemployed #phony #anti-american #MAGA !!
Enjoy it while it lasts. You Rinos are going down in 2018
Your down 25 points in your state..... it's nice to see a backstabbing pawn go down in flames 

Gosh I love how our senator is meeting with bank employees over college students or veterans. #scumbag
Good job Jeff! Say hello to Sheriff Joe
Your a traitor to the party and the president. Your a democrat you have to go
Come on @JeffFlake stop being so wishy washy vote to release the 10 hours of testimony about DOSSIER. Stop standing down
I cannot wait until Sheriff Joe takes your senate.
Criticizing the POTUS for pardoning (misdemeanor) a Sheriff that has  saved many lives & protected Americans - very poor!

You have been in DC too long, listen to people who are not your friends (the media) and you are going down, sorry, sincerely
You are finished....your anti American attitudes have not escaped us
I can't wait to see this whacko out of office, and mostly, to watch him struggle to retain relevance, in which he will have lost it all! Lol
Stats say 21% of them would vote to re elect you. Who will replace you the Doc or the Sheriff? #2018
See.... you went against the will of the PEOPLE
.The time has come for U.S. Senator Kelli Ward, representing the great, great people of #Arizona.
http://bit.ly/2vmfQxw  #Rino
@kelliwardaz 
Is this a donor meeting!
Globalist scum!
Still selling books?
Were you there for a job interview? Rumor has it you will soon be unemployed. 
YOU ARE FLAKE NEWS! Vote Kelli Ward #MAGA 
Looks like your going DOWN! 
What flake, like your name!
Flake will not be reelected. See ya traitor.
Hey Bank if you are reading this you might want to hold up giving this chump any money. He be unemployed shortly.
This is a fundraiser for his reelection campaign
How bout a room full of your constituents? Scared?
He is worse then scum, he is that sewerish black mud at the bottom of a swamp....maybe that's why Trump can't drain it.
Fake Flake, why don't you do something useful for the hard working conservatives who put you in office for a change!
It's nice to spend time with the company that donated to you campaign

Did you get the loan you needed to finance your political dream
I guess they won't mind that your corrupt partner @SenJohnMcCain hangs with Nazi's and radical islamic monsters oh and commies Hanoi Jane
Wow I had lunch at Burger King, about as much info as in your tweet.
Y it's was just PR or as we forgotten say bull
Is that where you plan on interviewing for a new job since your tenure as senator is all, but over? Asking for Americans. #MAGA
Any original thought about your meeting, or do you need to consult with your Brutus twin?
And what does that have to do with fixing health insurance, reducing taxes, fixing NAFTA, building the wall?
Stop in to cash your Soros check? #nomoreFlake
What was the purpose? Other than your enjoyment?
Pack your bags, and take care of Kelly Ward's furniture. :D
Enjoy your time, its very limited!!!  @kelliwardaz
BET U DID! LOL, HOW ABOUT THE LITTLE PEOPLE, RINO! #KELLIWARD

