More election year lies. You haven't done squat for anyone but yourself.
#wakeupArizona
Gearing up for 2018 #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Ward4US http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/346149-exclusive-trump-allies-rally-around-sen-flakes-primary-challenger …
I also hope Mr Flake you are working on the Tax Reform Plan. Thanks!
BULLCRAP CORN FLAKE
If I had to choose between undocumented immigrants and republicans, I'd take undocumented immigrants any day of the week.
Ask urself this when Dems had both houses Presidency why didn't they change the immigration laws?99 they know it would be political suicide
I hear @arizonahighways is hiring, just sayin'
You haven't done anything and I'll be send your primary opponent money for opposing @realDonaldTrump agenda!
thats great but build the wall would be better

ATTENTION All AMERICANS: this is a call to action to remove ALL incumbent politicians running in 2018.#Drainthesewer https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=762648793914153&id=742135485965484&substory_index=0 … 
Respect you greatly for speaking your mind and not being a Trump worshipper.

HONESTY is sometimes hard!!!
You lose another point
Low unemployment rate, thanks to @BarackObama has far fewer crossing the border!
Tired of politicians visiting the border with my fellow ranchers only at election time. Border should be a partisan-free zone.
He's in danger because of people like you who have done nothing to secure the border despite being in Washington for 20 years.
FLAKE VOTED FOR HILLARY
If government did not reward illegtals they would not be interested on  invading!!!
Been working with the rest of the Gang of Eight to provide amnesty under another name.
like McCain while he was running for dog catcher but reversed n wanted amnesty 4 illegals, thinks have more rights than American Citizens
Did you tell him.... I actually want more illegals crossing and if you suffer, or well! Anything to be against @POTUS
So why don't you help the rest of us and save Obamacare, the EPA, National monuments, public schools, the judiciary system?

Fact nobody health care would be taken away. Those who PAY for their insurance r drowning in rates Obama Care hurts working class
Today, I'd prefer that you work on getting POTUS to stop playing Nuclear Chicken* w/ North Korea.
*No offense 2 our own @AZFlakeyChicken.
If you think ignoring NoKo is the answer well Obama did that and in 2013 guess what surprise they have a nuke foolish actions end like that
You support Israel's wall but not America's ? Why is that? Something to do with your donor list?
No thanks to you @JeffFlake
Don't act like you care about the boarder you oppose the wall n immigration crack down on illegals u have ignored your constituents
Jeff Flake... you've done nothing... Trump has been the agent of change. Get in line with Trump.

Thank you Jeff Flake for understanding "real" issues we have in AZ!

No wall. Such a waste of money.
Kelly Ward for Senate! Get rid if RINO flakey
Oh boy., Jeff please stop with the fake ness of your video opt. We Want the Trump Wall. Work on your poll numbers. Trust me! Smh
Who cares?????  Repeal obamacare, until you do I don't give a rip what you do. And I certainly will not vote for you or another rep.
Trump and your party will turn on you. Time to defect and work with the Dems to get things done. Then maybe, you can have some dignity.
Poll: Voters support Trump-backed immigration bill
Remember to vote for the dang wall as your friend McCain calls it. Support our President.
I'm supporting whoever primaries him. What a do nothing chump busy bad mouthing Trump. Drain the Swamp means get rid of Flake!
Flakes fake staged event with rancher being used. Flake can not be trusted. He has one interest in mind. His own not ours. Brush flake off!
How many boots have been added?
What's made life safer is illegals don't come here no more. Mexican economy is in better shape than ours.
However, drugs are still coming across in record numbers through Arizona borders.
Nice. Now what do you really think? Seem to remember something else coming out of your mouth a couple of months ago.
How about spending more time with #AZ constituent majority. More #TownHalls & less-comfy One-on-Ones!

Support our president
I look forward to the reconquista, viva la Arizona all hail the immigrants and humans striving for a better life. Shame on you senator
They can do it the right way like all the other immigrants do the legal entry we have laws that just can't be ignored cuz u don't like them
@kelliward 2018!
Flake BSing someone.
Would it have killed you guys to attribute some of the reduction to President Trump?
Most sane Americans refer to him as the con man Craig
I think road and towers discussed are part of the Arizona Border Surveillance Technology Plan which was greenlighted in 2014.
I think Trump's plans are still in planning/funding phase:
Flake hashtagged this because his bill related to waiving polygraphs for prospective agents is in senate committee  https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/595/all-actions …
Get that  Trump wall  built asap Jeff
You did not a finger to make anything happen on the border. #JeffFlake = #PUNK

Hopefully traitors like you and McCain are replaced soon. Maga
Ohhh good grief you kook!  Are you actually taking credit for the safer boarder?That Prez you hate and can't support-that's why it's safer.

Don't get hit by any of those flying bags of drugs, Jeff.
Did you tell them you voted to take away their Healthcare?
Can we stop referring to men and women who serve our country as "boots?"
Easier for whom? You're a sad man, Flake. Do better.
Hey jeffie F**k with the MAN without your fiddle & you know who is commin after you with a fork to shove up ur arse
There are less BP agents on the border now than in 2005. They're all in Tucson or on 15 task forces as far away as flagstaff. Why senator?
That's nice and all.... but why not work on #immigration reform and putting a bipartisan CIR bill back on the table?
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake I want 2 stop human trafficking & drugs across the boarder. I also want an efficient, inclusive path 2 citizenship
Poll: Voters support Trump-backed immigration bill http://politi.co/2uozIvb...mccain … is brain dead and Jeff Fake is a con artist
Hey Jeff, come up to Prescott Saturday 8/12....Allen West will be here speaking.... You may learn something!
Sorry Sen. Flake, that ranchers problem does not hold a candle to what the POTUS has to do to close that border. You are not with him.
Keep standing strong, Senator Flake.
Go home Jeff. You're finished.
You are full of it. Been hiding for months. Now you hide in plain sight. This is just more of your BS. NOTHING MORE THAN AN OPPORTUNIST.
And loosening vetting for border agents as you try to ramp up hiring. That always ends well.
Awesome @JeffFlake. Hey remember when you were on all the talk shows saying "someone should do something" when Trump acts crazy? You're up!!
He was speaking in hypotheticals, of course.
You make everyone's lives worse
Why?
