Proud to vote for FCC right? Where's that tweet?
Vile
And congrats to you on being the 9th most hated senator in the country according to the new morning consult poll!!!
#ShakeFlake #TrumpFlake #ByeFlake #2018
You helped set back the rights of women and minorities. Please don't Tweet about being proud of that.
Disappointed to have YOU as a senator.
Pride is a sin and NOT a virtue. You look like a flipping weathercaster. Not a serious public servant. Go be proud of your tan little boner.
yuck. Another reason why you have lost my GOP vote.
To bad you voted a PLAGARIST onto the Supreme Court. But you don't care; lying, covering up are part of your family history!
Hate you more every time I read this.
Trump & all you rubber stamp creeps are going to get everyone out to vote in 2018 & 2020 good job ,incentive to get rid of all of you liars.
Curious if u have the ball? @jefflake to respond to this thread?  NOT to me but to the PEOPLE YOU SERVE IN YOUR STATE!!  Chickenshit u are
I am in Ohio @jefflake. The messages here r solid proof the unethical GOP is going down in 2018. The people speak in 2018. Prepare @Jefflake
Yes Americans are so happy to have an illegitimate puppet for Putin and and a stolen SCOTUS seat.
Your constituents don't agree and would love a town hall to provide feedback on your job performance since you work for us & not the GOP.
He apparently can laugh on national tv but can't look his constituents in the eye.
He's a coward
Something wrong with Garland?
why didn't you vote 14 months ago like you were supposed to? Republicans are ruining our country.
Accomplished!?! Why didn't he easily get 60 votes? Why did you have to break the rules? #loserlikeyou
Great news for corporations and religious zealots everywhere!
u broke ur oath to God to uphold the Constitution when you didn't advise on Garland. U take an oath to support trump? You're @ 100% on that.
Proud. So very proud....to be voting for your opponent in 2018. In fact, whoever is running against you will "have me at voter choice."
It would be hard for an opponent to be worse. Sick of party over constituents voices on both sides.
You stole the seat from Garland! Investigation needed on trump!! Why have you not questioned all the corruption???
Because he's a crook.
We're glad you supported #JusticeGorsuch , Senator Flake. Keep up the good work!
Kissass.
#darkmoney
Merrick Garland would have been great to, you phony #notmysenator
You're fired....and we can't wait.
Shame on you for blocking Obama's choice. Wrong and you know it.
You're so fired LOL I can't wait 
thats the last one you vote for cause you're not welcome back in 2018
You asked a joke question during his hearing. You're not a serious Senator.  This was all a joke to you.
This was such an embarrassing moment. Why did he even ask a question?
probably should have had the same passion for Merrick Garland.
Are you trying to remind people that you were a joke in questioning him at the hearings?  2018 can't come soon enough
#MerrickGarland #noFlake2018
#Flakeout2018
I'm always proud to go along with the biggest bullies and assholes ... because I REALLY want to be part of the team!
It's not everyday you get the chance to be a part of unprecedented manipulation of American institutions. Exciting!
Aiding McConnell in exploitation of senate's constitutional responsibility...for pure politics. I'm proud of you too, Jeff!
Parliamentary maneuvers got him in not quals. I am more worried about his rulings that what school he went to.
More #alternativefacts Whole #GOP seems to have been bitten by same bug as #Trump & Kellyanne Conjob.
Are you also proud that you seem to refuse to listen or CARE about your constituents concerns?
I'm for Kelli!
You are not a serious person. AZ deserves a grown up for a senator.
Now that your guy has a lifetime job, let's get to work on term limits. Nobody, and I mean nobody, deserves a lifetime appointment. #SCOTUS
This is such a cowardly position taken by bullies. Dummy like the rules? Break them.
Don't not dummy.
Serving you is not the same as serving the people or country. #lastterm #outin2018    Can't listen to constituents if no townhall
I don't get it. How can you be proud to be in a party that gets its way by changing the rules? How can you be a proud Republican today?
They fact that you're proud of this tells us all we need to know about you. Proud of trampling the constitution. Disgraceful.
Move the goalpost, Jeff! Not exactly a win for our constitution or democracy...
You should be ashamed.
Accomplished jurist? Plagiarized passages in his book! Shame on you Mr. Flake. U clearly have no integrity what so ever!
Too bad you didn't also support getting a Health Care bill on the floor so you could amend it as you wished - isappointed, ANGRY!
Can't wait to vote you out. So many bad choices.
And when the investigation reveals the degree to which Trump illegitimately "won"?  You will have spread that stench to SCOTUS.  Pathetic.
You should be ashamed of how you Republicans did it by changing the rules
#shakeflake2018
Proud???  You should be ashamed.
have trump show his taxes. That's a law and order issue too.
CORRUPTION
The one you cheated to get in by nuking the rules. Against voters plea?
Congratulations on your commitment to partisanship over country. I'd be happy for you, but I'm busy being disappointed.
I will be proud to vote against you in 2018.
I guess if you're going to violate the Constitution and use your elected office to line your pockets, do it with pride #FlakeOut2018
Don't be proud of manipulating a public system to be less democratic so you can get your way.
Republican rubber stamp!
30 tweets against you & 1 in favor.... you better start campaigning for the red neck vote - you will need it.
I am going to be proud to vote for Kelli Ward in 2018 for your seat. #MAGA
This would be the ONLY reason this independent will ask for a republican primary ballot.
Nov 2018
Aren't you the horse-sized duck in the senate? 
#HorseSizeDuck
Shameful. Nothing to be proud of here.
Come election time, I won't forget that it was Merrick Garlands seat, you cheatee
Weak and cheap
I'm disappointed that you & Senator McCain voted to break the rules of the filibuster as well as never gave Garland a hearing. I vote in AZ.
Merrick Garland.
You r bought and paid for
Will contribute to paying for 2018 TV adds showing you asking a kindergarten-level questions and girlishly giggling during his hearing.
Funny, we have a new person to rule on the strict constitutionality of things that was put in that role absent any constitutionality. Bad
this was a crime.  Garland more accomplished.  You know that from the hearings.  Oh wait.  Shame on you
I wouldn't be so proud yet. You have a stolen seat & blowing up the senate will have repercussions. See u in 2018. #saynotoFlake
You should have insisted on a up or down vote for Garland!
I couldn't understand you. Your lips were firmly pressed on @realDonaldTrump ass
You're disgusting. Ashamed you're my senator.
#stolenseat
Oh Jeff. 2018 will be here before you know it. Gorduch gets a life time job. You're not so fortunate.
I'm embarrassed that you and @SenMcCain represent the state where I temporarily live.
Merrick Garland…..
And I am ashamed that you have voted for big money & corruption, and against workers & women. A sad day for America indeed.
party >>>>>> constitution
An unwillingness to acknowledge Merrick Garland and the injustice you committed does not meant we don't remember it. We do, and we vote.
you will lose your seat next election
You helped in building an elitist Ridge White Male Nation, he will help big business and this regard individuals just like what you do.
Can I ask you a questions? What comes  first country or party? Because you have chosen party over your own country.
Wished you would have had the opportunity to be proud of voting down Judge Garland and not give Justice Gorsuch a Roger Maris like asterisk
You actually think he is a legitimate judge? You stole this seat and then broke the fucking rules to shove him down our throats
Are you also proud to have not even allowed a hearing to an accomplished jurist like Merrick Garland?
@JeffFlake Would love a town hall in Tucson to discuss.
