good thing you voted for DeVos so our children can't get the education they need to be employed there!
still can't wait to vote you out!  You should have voted NO to Devos. You'll pay for that.
Tom Price (Dr. Death) helped insurance companies NOT have to pay for women's cancer screening! Vote for him, you OK that!
Tom Price = Dr. Death You vote for him - you are condoning his corruption, hatred for poor & women
and you take credit for that why?  You voted for DT Sessions DeVos. FAILURE FAILURE FAILURE FAILURE
@SenJohnMcCain  @RepOHalleran  @intel Great. Can we invest in public schools now?
Cause your adored DeVos is gonna take away dollars
ya got something there on your chin. @realDonaldTrump says thank you Sen Flake.
plant was built years ago and announced w/@POTUS44. @realDonaldTrump CANNOT take credit for this!
My ex & I are in the medical field, & know how CORRUPT Tom Price is. More unreported medical stocks found! Tom Price
we are screwed he likes Price too
We are screwed! Let's make sure we screw Jeff Flake out of office in 2018!
Did you know 20 dogs died a horrible while Jeff Flake's son was caring for them!?!
Dear staffer handling this twitter. Tell Flake what it means. His constituency is shifting left. He doesn't understand.
Thanks, Intel! Senator, I believe POTUS gets the credit here. Good try though.
wasn't this the same factory that president obama visited in 2012? This is all smoke and mirrors and another pr stunt
too bad neither you nor POTUS had any involvement! Shame on you. No vote for you.
Then you had better support higher education for more than the wealthy. Intel won't hire poorly educated folks.
This move by Intel had nothing to do with you Mr. Flake.
Same plant that laid off that amount last year? I smell setup.
how many additional AZ jobs above the 3K will the $7B create?
better make sure we have an adequately educated work force for intel to employ
That's up to 3,000 Arizonans who may still have health care after you and your party senselessly strip it away. Cool! #aca
is it true that Legacy Traditional School, gives money to LDS?, conflict of interest in the vote for Betsy Devos for u?
DUMP Flake!
yeah too bAd it has nothing to do with you! The facility already exists!
still campaigning and still not listening to your constituents with that yes for DeVos. We will #ReplaceFlake2018.
@dougducey @intel go away Flake you certainly had nothing to do with this! Go away no coattails for you!
You should apply since you'll be unemployed in 2018
call the fire department, the senator needs to be treated for a third degree BURN. lololololol
any news on you pushing back on @realDonaldTrump ?
yes we're all waiting for that!
Plz correct me if I'm wrong, but don't great businesses & workers also look for great schools for their kids? They're symbiotic?
best schools already in chandler. Nice high end homes too. Fulton Ranch 28 acres of lakes!
It's beautiful & a gr8 win for Chandler, no doubt! Just curious about the rest of Arizona, not to throw shade :)
we are growing like crazy in AZ! Lots of Californians can't take the high home prices, taxes, traffic so moving to AZ.
We will remember in 2018 that u sold out--DeVos, Sessions, Judge Garland.
Really dude that has been in the works for how long?
Can't wait for 2018. I had high hopes for you, but you FAILED. @JeffFlake needs to go! You do not represent AZ.
See if they'll hire you. Also, see if Betsy DeVos would be willing to tutor your kids.
The majority of Intel employees' children will go to conventional public schools. Have a care for them.
U forgot to be gracious and say Thank you 2 @POTUS 4 taking care of AZ! Something u and songbird have NEVER done! #MAGA
Thank you President Trump!!!
You know Tom Price is CORRUPT! You know he hates POOR! Tom Price = Dr. Death! If you vote " yes" to Dr.Death, you're done in 2018
2018 will be here in the blink of an eye. Better spruce up your resume.
That is good news. Your actions by voting for DeVos, not good news. Very disappointed in you as our representative.

Don't pretend that you or #45 played a part in this. These jobs will be for ppl from outside because our education system sucks.
Just bc your vote is for sale doesn't mean ours are. Thank u, intel. Sorry, Senator you cant undo the past 24 hours.
don't change the subject.  We're not done with you over Devos, traitor.
is this not the same plant they built and closed do to a failed product you are still going to lose next year
Interesting Trump claims 10,000 jobs! Whose fake news do we believe? #blockFlakefor senator
More H1B's will be required?  Or will leave that Schumer, Pelosi and Feinstein?  Let's see how you measure this.
if republican's didn't hear this in the last election and ignore the people democrats @SenSanders may not!
Old news, and your constituents know it. This what you've been up to recently. See you in '18. #devos  #ShePersisted
Bad news for Az schools: Flake voted for unqualified DeVos
@dougducey good boys keep up the good work bravo
Great. How about you go work for them instead?
Again*
@dougducey @intel no thanks to Jeff-u fought Trump the whole way
Hooray for @POTUS
Can't believe you voted for DeVos. Voters will remember and we'll try to vote you out. Thought you had more sense!
I suppose I'd vote for DeVos if she paid me enough. It would be a high number. You're relatively cheap, though. Good to know!
Companies like the East Valley because of our great public schools. Too bad you voted to confirm DeVos.
Stop wasting your time. No one cares what you have to say after you proved that you don't care what we, the voters, have to say
it won't do us much good after your vote to destroy public education.
But where to find intelligent, educated workers if public schools remain underfunded? H1B1's? Green Cards? Oops #MuslimBan
#shameful #devos #2018
Wow, u have learned well from your master, POTUS. Try to distract from your own incompetence by taking credit 4  intel's work.
and u condemned our children to at least more time at the bottom of the heap,and u support a racist AG..18 is coming
vote no on Jeff Sessions
Those are great numbers. Club for Growth only employs one person in AZ yet you work harder for them than Arizonans
seeing as how many will be immigrants that will hold the positions, which I'm all for, you should prob put that ban on hold
This is great, but it's too late to save your job Senator.
dump flake!
I DID IT! I CLAIM THIS ONE! Intel is doing more jobs because of me and how much they trust me. Beat you to it @realdonaldtrump.
@Reince said 10,000 jobs
Too bad no one will be smart enough to work there once DeVos reforms education
Great news, but nothing to do with Trump. He’ll take credit. He’s a fraud and a liar.
guessing if the ban holds they move to Vancouver or Dublin
you let someone buy a cabinet seat.
