Why don't you just hurry up and retire?
You are neither honorable nor respectable.
I don't understand what gives him the authority to investigate anything other than the Russia Collusion?
He can't just make open-ended investigation hoping to find SOMETHING?
Too bad you aren't Jeff. Your endorsement of Mueller is enough to negate anything positive about him
You are as wrong about Muller, as you have been about your being a true savior for the republicans. You can't even win your primary in Arizona
Meanwhile, you're not 'a respected public servant.' 
Then pass a bill to protect him from being fired.
Yeah, about as respected as you and Godzilla.
Respected by crooks doesn’t say a whole lot !
Still clueless Jeff? We know mueller rosenstein and their help mates are guilty in Uranium one. Mueller was HAND CARRYING the deal. They all covered for h, o, s. Don’t go out looking stupid
Your name suits you snowflake.  Mueller is a crook and so are you.
Really?  He is as crrupt as the rest of you
How's your reelection campaign going?
!!! WRONG JEFFFFERIE!!!!! HE'S A COCKROACH!!!!
Bob Mueller was a stooge for the Clinton crime group in the Uranium One deal, and has hired all Obama and Clinton stooges to work for him for the sole purpose of bringing down a duly elected president on "evidence" that is a known hoax. Once a stooge always a stooge.
I am so disappointed to learn that you voted for this ridiculous tax "cut" when we all know exactly who is going to gain, and who is going to have to pay for the rich people's "salary bump". I have had so much respect for you. A Republican to whom I paid attention. But no longer.
Why should “the rich” pay a higher rate than us?
Well, they already do.
BS
That is your opinion .... which doesn't carry much weight in your own district. Many others have a different opinion of Mueller,  based on his own bias actions@@@
Agreed. The attempts to discredit him and the investigation are merely a strategic ploy to create chaos and allow those at the highest levels, whether that is Trump himself or his inner circle, to escape judgment.
I agree.Trump/Henchmen are DANGEROUS TO DEMOCRACY!
I hope so. We are lucky to have a country left after 8 yrs of DEMOCRACY..
Mueller is a lying slug, along with every flaming liberal and RINO slug.
If you like mueller, then, it is best to accept that you are both democrats.
You either don't know what u speak about of are totally ignorant to the facts!!
He is a traitor
Isn’t this supposed to be about Russia and the election? He has stepped over the line. Time for Mueller to be fired.
Mueller is a dirty cop, just like you are a criminal politician.
Bob Mueller is a crook
You're f'd in the head if you think that!
By the way if you run for president you want get MY VOTE!
oh, horse shit!
And your a fraud.
You stating that Mueller is respected public servant makes me think that I have been right all along. If he is like you he is nothing but a hate America and its citizens left wing hack.
But you voted for the #GOPTaxScam and to repeal the #ACA.  Your words ring hollow.
Mueller is a Clinton stooge!
Take off your blinders Jeff Flake. You say Mueller is respected public servant? Do some research & learn.
You are deplorable, actions speak louder than words.
How you FEEL means nothing. It’s how you vote.
Thank you for your Patriotic support . All know his hands are on a clean investigation.
I would really appreciate it if you would just shut the fuk up and go away already! I am a proud citizen of the State of Arizona and you are an embarrassment! You have no spine and no shame
Hummmmmm.....can’t trust you EVER again!!!!!!
You are full of it broke nose traitor!
Why did you vote for this tax reform it helps the ORANGE HAIR and his RICH friends
Wishing your Republican counterparts remembered when they felt the very same . Thanks for your honesty .
You might be respected if you'd voted against the tax bill and other pieces of legislation.  Instead, you pretend to be against Trump because of his personal failings but fall in lock step with your common corporate donors.  Can't wait to flip your seat to Dem.
Glad you voted for the tax bill but I don't believe Mueller is fair. Look at his team choices on Russia probe.
That doesn't mean we can't question when the scales seem tipped.
You should be called Fake Flake! Say one thing and do another! Tell your kids "you're welcome" when they face the new expanded deficit! Say one thing, do another! #TaxScam
no he is really a discrace to the job he holds....
You are unfortunately as honest and as trustworthy at the nose on your face is straight.
Amen thank you Senator Flake now vote NO go against the GOP grain! Ur getting out anyway what do u have to lose!? VOTE NO... I'm an Arizona voter that used to vote for u! I know that doesn't mean crap to u though...
Yes but you voted for one of the worse bills ever!
He IS a respected public servant. Too bad you are not. 
Great. So, you're trying to draw attention away from that abomination of a #GOPTaxScam you are trying to impose on Americans?
This was when the Repiglicans actually thought he was innocent. Now that they know he’s guilty... not so much.
AMEN!
Go vote on your tax bill, and don't look.at the millions of kids who do not have CHIP coverage.
Adios Flake.
So why can't you do the right thing and vote no on the tax bill. What do you have to lose by doing the right thing?
Thanks for screwing us over today too.
Please do not pull a Corker on us when it comes to Russia probe. This is about fundamental integrity of our institutions. History will not forgive you if you do waver.
Your stand on Mueller is a no-brainer. Your vote against the tax giveaway to the wealthy SHOULD be a no-brainer. This thoughtless republican wish list is a joke. Show us you have a real mind!
Respected by whom? All Dems,  the baby killers, trickle down economy.
Yes, he is.  And you could be respected too, if you had not voted for this atrocious trillion dollar giveaway  to the wealthy and stick the payment to the poor, disabled, elderly and the children.  I've never been more ashamed of America.  At least not since the war in Vietnam
I second that! Trump & his acolytes will ruin the economy & our healthcare, if they are not stopped!
Um, the economy is doing great right now due precisely to the fact Trump was elected.
Um, the economy was good during Obama's last 2 yrs & I admit it's improved a little, but Pres Obama gets most of the credit so far. U say the economy is doing so well, so why do the wealthiest people get the biggest perks? Well, these GOP bastards will pay the price come 2018!
You know the wealthiest members of Congress are democrats, right. Viewed your page/thought I’d point that out. The market took off when Trump was elected, because they knew he’d cut onerous regulations and make the environment more business friendly. You’re  intellectually biased
Let's not forget 2008. Our country nearly went bankrupt thru lack of regulations. Historically, whenever too few have too much, we have either a recession or a depression. Also, nothing ever trickled down. From 1972 - 2012 the GDP went up 400% & raises stayed flat!
Jeff,
Looks like you picked another winner?
You know the tax bill is a pile of crap.  Why did you vote to approve such a despicable bill that will hurt millions of us?
Thank you Jeff Flake!  Millions of us feel the same and we are sure he will get justice from Trump for the public!
Supporting Mueller is the right thing to do. It won’t make up for the big mistake of voting yes on the tax bill.
Wish we could say you are respected Jeff.  #taxscam takes you out of that ballgame
You're right about Mueller but what in the  world have you been thinking about the tax cut. I for one will not get a cut while trump and corker will make millions on it. Very crooked. But I guess you're out so what the heck, right?
You have shown courage in standing up when you disagree with your party but I struggle to understand how you could vote for this tax bill. Seems to be a desperate effort by legislators to demonstrate getting at least one thing done, not a good reason.
You're putting your party & loyalty to Trump before the middle class & lower income citizens. And especially senior citizens. They will be hurt the most by this bill.
You clearly don’t understand economics.
You clearly don't. I don't know how old you are, but Reagan did this and we went into a big recession when he left office. George W. did the same & we had another bad one. Obama had to bail out the big banks when he took office. That's how bad it was! It ruined my business!
Prove you care. Vote NO on the tax scam. There is still time.
You are just Trump with manners
Now, vote against the "no millionaire's spawn left behind, even if everybody else suffers" bill
We are fortunate you are not seeking re-election. Buh-bye!
GOP leadership can't even write a tax bill that passes parliamentary procedure. After having three decades to write it.
You know better. I’ve seen a glimpse of your humanity. Vote “no” on the tax bill before you.
Well I guess this shows why your judgement is so poor.
Sorry Jeff, won't be fooled again by you.
shut the Hell to the up! JEFF FAKE!!!
Please vote no on tax scam. Save some of your respect and dignity.
If you were the good guy you want us to think you are, you would not be voting in this piece of crap tax bill.  Mueller will expose the Moron soon enough.
Any chance of higher office you had is gone with a vote for his tax scam!
Then how could you vote for a #TaxBillScam perpetrated by @realDonaldTrump as putin's puppet. YOU are as complicit as he by supporting his greedy money grab from the poor to give to the rich. YOU are just as guilty. @MBonsario @Cheezetta @maddow @JoyAnnReid
You better get out there quickly Susan. Meet some of the poor folks about whom you grieve. Take them home for a nice meal. You’ll feel better about yourself.
Vote NO!
Thank you Bob Mueller!!!
Senator Flake DO THE RIGHT THING VOTE NO
Vote NO on the Trump tower tax scam!
Stop spewing your FAKE, anti Trump redoric!
You'll never be the POTUS!
Sen Flake what about his investigators. On trial for Murder One would you want them on your jury knowing they seek your ruin & destruction or a impartial open minded jury? You Decide !
Mueller belongs up on Rushmore. He Is as necessary as jefferson washington madison Hamilton and John Wayne. A truly great American. Thank you sir for your distinguished service to our country
I agree!#unhackthevote
And you’ll be more respected in the future, perhaps revered if you vote against this tax corruption bill
Flake! You are PATHETIC!
Nice words.  Now go vote to give huge tax cuts to your donors, ripping health care from millions of Americans, raising taxes on lower/middle class, and line your own pockets with cash.  Where is your Trump outrage?  I know, in your bank account.
You did vote for the tax bill which is against public interest and trying to pretend you care about public service? So pathetic to associate yourself with someone who is actually doing something about the public. It is still you Jeff. I had fait in you not long ago.
That's Corker
Vote no on #GOPTaxScam  Do what is right
Unlike you, Cave-In Flakey.
You have integrity. Vote no on tax scam. It is bad for the country. Increase the national debt by trillion  and half ? Crazy.
Please vote no on the tax bill. Become The hero America needs now!
Vote #NoTaxScam
Flake, is your legacy a 2.5 trillion dollar deficit?
While that is all well and good you still keep supporting bills that will kill American people one way or another.Throwing in good deeds now and again does not replace your votes against the well being of this country.
What's your thoughts about the tax bill that's going to give millions of dollars to the rich by taking away from the poor and middle class....
He likes it. Hes getting richer too.
Vote no on Tax bill and #voteblue2018
Vote no on the #taxscam. Regular order.  You owe that to Senator JOHN McCain make him  proud. And go down on history for standing up to unjust legislation and the middle class.  Please sir. You can do it
What does that mean, exactly? Are you gonna DO something to #ProtectMueller, or just throw your hands up and go along like you did with this #TaxScamBill
There is already so much evidence against trump and I believe republicans are in on the Russ hacking. Trump is destroying our democracy and country to look like a big man in the eyes of the world. I vow to never vote republican again.
But I thought it was your man Obama’s who cared about being a citizen of the world. You know, cuddle up with Iran, Somalia, Lybya, re-set with Russia, international climate deals that we paid for, Cuba, Kenya, Indonesia, hey, open those borders.
Wish I could believe. It’s getting harder day by day. Just when you think you are seeing a stand up Senator, willing to actually vote to help his countrymen, you find he or she was just yanking your chain. Sad times. Where are the heroes?
Pathetic isn’t it
It’s sure is. Wow.
Don’t let other Republicans try to fire him!
Make yourself a highly respected public servant by voting NO on that #TaxScamBill2017   YOU would be truly serving the public by doing so. Don’t miss this opportunity to leave a proud legacy. We beg of you.
vote NO on the tax scam
Bob Mueller is the only one in DC with integrity! All others are corrupt and greedy. GOPTax Scam puts money in their pockets.  We don’t want this bill to pass. Republicans are killing their party in November,2018. We will not forget this!
Yep, Mueller is every bit as honest and trustworthy and ethical as his famous predecessor, J.Edgar Hoover, and his successor James Comey. If you can’t trust these titans of honor, who can you trust? Crooked Hillary? Al Frankengrope, Slick W., or Carlos Danger??
Vote no on the tax bill!
Shame your colleagues are so corrupt that they will do nothing about Trump even if Mueller gives them a solid case against Trump. But why should they care since the tax bill you voted yes on ensures they receive millions of dollars. Thanks for destroying millions of lives.
Brittany, I think you are confused as to who is corrupt. Listen to news other than the Clinton News Network & learn. God bless you anyway.
Sorry. Brittany is right on point. Trump is a liar and a scammer. He has been his entire adult life. Do yourself a favor and research his history. Trump is an egomaniac only interested in power and profit. He would never associate himself with his supporters. He's using you.
#ProtectRosenstein #ProtectMueller
Please honor fiscal responsibility w tax bill
Quit playing you games and causing people to squirm.
Do the right thing, vote for tax bill!
Or #voteflakeout
Vote against the GOP tax scam benefiting the wealthy. Be a respected PUBLIC servant instead of a servant to the financial interests of your congressional friends and donors.
So the stand up to all your dam #gop colleagues n tell them to #StopBullying mueller
Exactly!
I agree with you assessment on Mueller. But since you aren’t running next year - why not veto the tax bill that only helps donors. You no longer need to toe the party line. Vote your conscience!
Too late.  What conscience?
Thank you Senator Flake. Now vote no on tax reform and you have my presidential vote for 2020. Can you do the right thing? You seem like a great man, now show us. This will be what you are remembered for, raising our taxes and giving Corker Millions. Great legacy! Not too late!
Thank you @JeffFlake ...

Now, please do the prudent 
thing, and VOTE NO on the
#TaxScamBill2017 !!!!
Hes a coward, and hes probably benefiting greatly. Thats why he can retire
Now, be one yourself, and vote against the tax bill.
For someone that’s not running get for re-election both corker and you should be a NO vote but then again you don’t have nothing to worry about the rest of your lives so you guys don’t give a dam
Why are you voting yes on this disastrous tax scam bill that could literally destroy this country for decades! Hell, maybe forever! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?

@SenatorCollins 
@SenBobCorker 
@lisamurkowski 
@JeffFlake 
…

@SenatorCollins 
@SenBobCorker 
@lisamurkowski 
@JeffFlake 
…
Good. Now if you vote no on the tax bill, God might let you into heaven someday.
Nope
Agreed, Senator. But I urge you to reject this hellish "tax plan". It is AWFUL!
Well respected public servant as Mr Muller is but can you say for sure all those working for him is respected as he is seems there could be a lot of questions to that bottom line just wondering what’s out there now and those all should took the oath of office “Truth”
Drinking the Koolaid, huh?
The bar is so high and burden of proof near impossible to catch a big fish. If Trumps walks he will be emboldened. I brace for it.
Be a hero! Vote no on #GOPTaxScam
Do you really think he will do that?
No...he's all talk.
Stop Trump by voting against this awful tax bill or STFU. You are proving to be nothing but hot air and votes to maintain him in power.
You’re complicit.
Can you@just stfu because you are handing Trump the get out of jail free card by giving him this shitty #GOPtaxscam.
Um, Mueller is doing just fine without your support, but we on the other hand are in trouble if you vote yes on this #GOPTaxBill . If you have a heart and the compassion the Lord says His followers should have toward the poor, sick, widows, homeless, do the right thing.
Hey Diane. The poor don’t pay income taxes, just those who work for a living and are thus what you would call rich. And no one is cutting any government give-always.
Please look forward to not voting for the taxscam
Yeh JEFF, two things. • Vote NO on the GOP Tax Scam AND press tRump to start implementing those sanctions against Russia. Do us that favor before you leave JEFF! Quit blowing smoky!#GOPTAXSCAM #RUSSIASANCTIONS #IMPEACHTRUMPANDPENCE
Sanctions that will never happen Putin is SO playing trump my 9 nine year old grandson even sees it
vote no on this tax bill there is a lot wrong with it
Could you please not leave us in Arizona? I can't stand McSally and I think she wants your seat. (Tucson Resident, Democrat)
I think he's the only #Republican that I would call a respected public servant these days.
#GOPTaxScam 
#CorkerKickback 
#SelloutSusan 
#republicanhypocrisy
Yeah, all those RINOs are supposed to vote against anything that helps their constituentsandagainst what they ran on, and vote like Dim leftists. Makes sense.
Are you referring to Mueller?
I was referring to Mueller
Right, but who was Stubbs referring to as a RINO? Was he referring to Mueller? Sorry to ask.. apparently I'm Dim.
Rino stands for Republican in name only.....
Honestly, I'm not sure what stubbs was referring to.  I think he's a troll so I don't much care.  lol
Me either... I doubt Mueller is considered a RINO. I *think* they were attempting to insult Flake... but this thread is about Mueller.
Vote No.
Then vote no!!!!
Unlike u.  No respect for u or ur corrupt agenda
You could be "a respected public servant" if you could not be a party hack and vote against the nasty tax bill. But, no. #Sad #NoProfileinCourage #NoConscience
That's nice but what you really need to do is vote no on this tax bill that has not had any hearings and that you admitted you haven't had time to read let alone understand
Vote no on the gop tax scam
Vote no on the tax bill u piece of  what is your kickback on this!  I hope u go to prison with trump.

Please vote NO on the tax scam that benefits the wealthy at the expense of the poor, old, disabled and sick. Our children and grandchildren should not be expected to pay for this horrible bill.
Do us all a favor and vote"no" tomorrow. #GOPTaxBillScam
Please.
I agree Senator Flake.  We should let Mr. Mueller do his job, since we as citizens deserve to understand to what degree Russia interfered, and then move to prevent it from happening again.  Robert Mueller has the integrity and sense of service to country that I wish we all had.
Vote NO on taxing poor Americans and enriching the wealthiest. No tax scam!
Poor Americans pay no income tax. None.  Zero. Nada. So no one can steal their tax money and give it to George Soros.
So your still voting for this terrible tax bill when you could do the right thing on your exit....#GOPTaxScamBill
Your track record would be flawless if you would vote no on the tax bill. I would know there was another trustworthy man in DC with Mueller
Thanks for supporting Mueller Pls vote no to #GOPTaxScam By 2027, the top 1 percent gets 83% of the tax cut, the top 0.1% gets 60%. Also, by 2027 two-thirds of middle class sees a tax *increase*. http://taxpolicycenter.org/publications/d …
shame!!!
That might have some credibility had you not flushed more than half the population down the toilet in support of the tax bill for the rich. Now go enjoy your money.
Sen Flake, you seem like a man of character deep down. But you being one of only a few is not going to be enough to save are Country and bring it back from the brink of destruction. You need to reconsider running or be more forceful to all your fellow Republicans.
Please vote no on the disastrous tax bill.  Just vote NO.
All we want out of you Flake is, NO. That’s it.
Yes, he is one the very few left in DC that is truly respected and trusted by the people.
Not anymore. He decided to be a coward and quit. But on his way out he made himself some money.
Just to clarify, I was referencing Robert Mueller as being respected and trusted by the people, not Jeff Flake.
How do you feel about adding trillions to the debt in order to give a tax break to Trump? A President who hasn't made his tax return public. #GOPTaxScam #CorkerKickbacks
Thank you for supporting Robert Mueller. So, how are you voting on the tax bill?

.@gop How much do you stand to make iff the #CorkerKickback ?You’re as corrupt as .@SenBobCorker .@OrrinHatch the Moron Addison the Turtle .@SenateMajLdr .@SpeakerRyan .@SenateGOP .@housegop .@realDonaldTrump .@potus and the rest of the .@GOP
Vote NO on the #GOPTaxScam You KNOW it will hurt people.
Yes you are right Muller is respected  servant and you should be too , so please vote your conscience so you deserve respect as well.
Vote NO on Tax Bill Scam
#evergreentweet
You are an embarrassment to Arizona and to all LDS in your support of Doug Jones who supports baby killing.  #repent
This proves how much of a blind fool you are.  Retirement can't come soon enough 4 U! #RINO
I lost me at "YES."
Forget about Mueller. Just vote no on the tax scam
Troll
Note no on tax bill
In what world would this be true ? Hello
This world...where a decorated Marine transformed a domestic  govt agency into an international anti-terrorism agency. Who chose a life in public service over self enrichment.
That funny public service bull crap he is a hack like McCain and Biden and John Kerry or Billy bob Clinton
As opposed to the draft dodging heel spurs guy who lost all his dad's money and had to resort to money launderers to keep him afloat. 

Oooh Y e a h!
Please Vote No on the tax plan.
The 1% get a deduct of 14% and the 99% get -1 to 3% increase/decrease. 
Wealth Americans get to write off  Jets and Building that they lease out. Then next year they want to cut Social Security for older, disabled Americans? Do not make any sense.
If Rubio votes "yes" after he said he would vote "no" I'm taking him to court.
Seems that those who hate POTUS respect those who hate Trump too

Where is your objectivity?  In the dumpster with A. Cooper? Lol
Me Flake I hope you run for President but frankly this is such a bland endorsement it is less then is needed. As a true leader in your party this is the time for you to make as strong a case as possible for a very deserving Mr Mueller, particularly to counter the friends of Trump
What about the bias in Comey letting HRC get away with crimes while allowing the loose cannons in the FBI create an insurance policy about a Trump victory?  How does your Meuller reconcile that?

John D . Hubbard, MD
What about the DREAMERS? what about CHIP? what about the elderly?
While members of your party called it coup and compared it to the KGB!
@JeffFlake is one of the very few republicans left with any credibility imho
Gee the only Republican with integrity is the one who runs on and is elected on conservative issues promises but votes with the leftists from big cities in CA.
Are you going to call on you colleagues to protect Melluer and let him do his job?
