https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/federal_government/memo-to-gop-red-states-also-among-losers-in-health-bill/2017/09/25/6f48d234-a1d4-11e7-b573-8ec86cdfe1ed_story.html?_hsenc=p2ANqtz-9u3B3Z1hHdW51Ib1bhDQMyNYkM3NdCP-vKOs65V1dmtp-v83nBWX1RSwF2oXu4G4i5BW5n7bEBMch99dyqSjM92GYytg&_hsmi=56672505&utm_campaign=KHN%3A%20Daily%20Health%20Policy%20Report&utm_content=56672505&utm_medium=email&utm_source=hs_email&utm_term=.690906fb49fe …    Memo to GOP: Red states also among losers in health bill. Many will be harmed by it. So why vote for it?
Why do you hate your constituents?
Thank you for tweeting this! #AZVoter
ALL major medical organizations say this harmful bill should not pass. They know more than you do about healthcare. LISTEN to them. And us.
For a nanosecond when plugging your book thought you had  some principles.Guess not. Doctors/nurses/hospitals/ins co's all oppose this bill.
Looking forward to casting my vote to get you out! #VoteNOGrahamCassidy Try speaking to AZ voters before casting your vote! #kochwhore
Excellent tweet! Thank u!
You could be a hero you know. Do the right thing. Say NO to this horrid GC bill @twwnaz @WLiberals
He's more interested in being a hero 2 the #KochBrothers & #Trump than people of Arizona. Partisan hack!
Tell the media how you ignore your constituents. We do not want this.
You're endorsing a bill with a 24% approval rating among public so u can give tax cuts to the rich.What courage.Hope you get primaried
SAD that YOU will be helping DEMSs take over with a yes vote as we were promised GREAT AFFORDABLE CARE FOR ALL not just repeal. PLS VOTE NO
Why?!  Your constituents don't want it!
His handlers the Koch Bros and Big Pharma want it. #FakeFlake Getting voted out #AZVoter He does not care what his constituents want.
#AZvoter here as well and will vote against him.
Re-election isn't looking too good, Jeff...follow Sen. McCain's lead
Why do you want to end Medicaid, which is the only health protection for 1.75 million veterans?
NO! You have a conscience? Vote to let Ducey be in charge of block grants, oh like he's the "education gov?" AZ last in health care too?
Arizona does not want this bill. It'll cost our state a fortune. It'll hurt people in our state. It's a TERRIBLE bill. You know that. Stop.
#GrahamCassidy is bad for AZ. Even the insurance companies say it will destabilize the market. #VoteNoGrahamCassidy @IndivisibleTeam
From the looks of how you taught your son it is no wonder you and @realDonaldTrump would be close.
As a veteran and independent I hope you vote NO on the health care bill. There is a right way to a new bill but this is not right!
Bad move for you politically given that Americans (including docs and insurance companies) overwhelmingly are against it.
Vote NO on this hateful bill that will lose healthcare for children & veterans. You have lost sight of your job - to serve us, not the GOP!
We don't want it!!! We don't want the 6 company merger for chemical companies and Monsanto either !!
@JeffFlake puts donors before constituents.
Volunteering so this is your last term. You are a repub first, Trump ass kisser second and public servant last.
Afraid of losing the primary?
I hope you reconsider your vote. No to Graham-Cassidy. Get busy removing the deficiencies in the ACA please
Vote No or Be #Recalled
You have no idea how mad people are
about Repubs using the poor & sick as Pawns
STOP NOW or lose your Job! #Recall
So once again you're voting to kill off millions of your constituents, which is the end result of not having health insurance. #ByeFelicia
Voters will remember that you sold them out just to erase Obama. You are not providing the cheaper and better care promised. SHAME.
Your continued support for stripping people of their health care and selling out to insurance companies?
You  had moment to stand tall. That moment is well passed. #backintheswamp
Just wondering: what part of the bill do you like? The conservative est of 21M losing coverage? The millions AZ loses under the bill?
You should not support a bill that is only written to please the Koch Bros.  You took and oath to protect and care for the people of AZ.

Hope it's worth it when we #RepealAndReplace you in #2018
Nobody thinks this is a good idea. You're a total sellout.
Wow. This is an awful bill that will put millions of Americans in peril.  How do you spell coward?
What's sad is that you and 45 are quietly setting up Sen McCain. Dogwhistle. Another few days and they blame vote on his brain cancer.
You cannot be serious.
You are a shameless fraud
No you SOB.  We will not repeal.  Shame on you .
you are completely out of touch with reality. Every major health org is against this bill. Begging you to vote no
How are you for that "bill"? It will hurt my parents who are your constituents. Please #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Too bad you don’t have the courage of your fellow senator from AZ
No CBO score, No bipartisan collaboration, No regular order= NO on Graham-Cassidy. It's a cruel and       less bill
Losing respect for you by the minute.
Senator Flake,  you seriously need to reconsider your vote on Graham -Cassidy... think about the future ramifications your vote will bring..
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill, which his Governor loves. He campaigned on Repeal & Replace. Let Arizona down!
Listen to your constituents before you don't have any! Vote no!!!
Hope you mentioned that everyone associated with medicine is against this bill. Curious, isn't it...
#RepealAndReplace and #GrahamCassidy is simply CRUEL !!! VOTE NO !!!
I am a DeerValley HS graduate. My son is a #braincancer survivor. We have employer sponsored ins but #ACA saved hid life. #nolifetimecaps

#RepealAndReplace  what's wrong with #Fix?
Stop. We do not want it.  Do not let Trump intimidate you. Fix ACA. Listen to your constituents.
GOP donors are upset, so millions need to lose basic healthcare? Go make that case at PHX children's hospital.  I'm sure they'll understand
Sell out.
You really do not know your constituents very well. Fix what is broken rather than starting all over again. Any major repeal destroys market
you need to follow SEN McCain and VOTE NO it will harm most Arizonians
Literally no one in the industry likes #GrahamCasiddy. Doctors, Nurses, Hospitals, Patients and Insurance doesn't like it. Only partisan GOP
You will never be 1/100th of the man John McCain is.
U make me sick. Clearly, UR an Obstructionist toeing the Party line despite your disgust 4 @realDonaldTrump. Repeal ACA is tax break 4 rich
Begging you to vote against this. It's not the right answer to fixing healthcare and you, simply, must know that in your heart.
remove the fine for individuals and businesses....stop making insurance mandatory
this is the "old good cop, bad cop routine" the establishment likes to play.....
Vote the FLAKE out he sucks for AZ
Why would you support a measure which risks the guarantee that pre-existing conditions r covered.  Add your name to the list of those to go
It's CRIMINAL to dismantle US healthcare w/ <1week discussion/debate.This is NOT GOVERNING. Playing politics w/ people's lives.
I’m glad this is going to die. This bill would be harmful to millions of Americans. Shame on you
Sounds genuine.  Hahahhahahahahahhahahhahahahahahahhahahahahhahhahhahahahahahahjahahahahahahahahahahaahahjajajajaaja. Thanks I needed that.
Anyone want to make easy money?! Click here it’s a win and win http://FixMonthlyincome.Com/?refer=13623  
Stand with brave Senator McCain! Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy, or voters will be voting No on You at election time.
Jeffie
Please!!! I have no idea why you're supporting this horrible bill. I am your constituent and I say NO. Listen to the people not your party
Blinded by either trumps or McConnell's ass. You have to know how unpopular this is.
Sad day for Arizona and America
If you truly support #GrahamCassidy you are on the wrong side of history. Grow a pair and stand up for your constituents. Protect them.
Time to step up & do the right thing for AZ, like @SenJohnMcCain. Represent the people of AZ, not your own interests. #NoGrahamCassidy
At your own peril
Loser!!  Can't wait until the midterms to vote you out of office!!
You are too flakey for words. Obviously you care more about yourself then your constituency. Out you go in 2018!
You should be ashamed of yourself! You are afraid you will not be respected. SHAME!
Please explain how this bill benefits the people of AZ. If you can explain the benefits, I may be able to accept this poor decision.
Disgraceful! You have to be the worst Senator. No one wants Graham-Cassidy. You just vote for anything that the GOP puts forward.
Senator Flake why do want harm your constituents so much?  We don't want this type of legislation rushed through the process.
This bill is another desperate attempt to placate an angry base of anti-Obama-anything. HEALTHCARE IS NOT A GAME! Please vote no.
We don't want it! You're working for us. Remember: You Vote for Cassidy in 2017; we vote in 2018!
No, no, no! Fix the ACA.
you talk the talk but suck at human rights
So glad I missed it. The crap you all are trying to pull just because Trump hates Obama is inhuman.
That's a good boy Jeff.
You're such a disappointment...
Not interested in your cruelty. #StopGrahamCassidy
You need to vote NO. Your constituents telling you what they want. Don't be a sell out.
Absolutely wrong decision. At least John McCain made the right decision. You could learn something from him, but you’ll be gone in 2018.
Misguided at best and meanspirited at worst. Neither work for Arizpna
The State of AZ wants you to VOTE NO
I wonder would the GOP be so adamant if this bill was named « TRUMPCARE? »
Please reconsider. For Arizona.
Go Koch brothers.
Such a disappointment to your constituents . Pander on.  All about you and we know that now.
Hypocrite.
But you don't have the CBO numbers on the number of people you'll be killing!
You should be ashamed of yourself!
This bill doesn't have a leg to stand on.
You're out there & will deservedly lose 2018. Even @SenJohnMcCain can't support his friend's #GrahamCasiddy bill. Support bipartisan efforts
Repeal and Replace is hollow.  #DoTheWork
I hate that you put  party over the lives of Arizona’s children
Must be nice to have Taxpayer paid health care Mr Flake
I am Jeff Flake. I work for the rich people in my state. I hope my middle class constituents all die. Repeal and replace.
Look back on this when you attempt to figure what derailed your career in public office.
I'll remember this when you run for reelection, and I certainly don't mean in a positive way.
What ever happened to listening to your constituents @realjeffflake
Senator Flake, you are one of the very few Reasonable R's left -please do not vote for GCTrumpcare-Do the "right thing"
You are failing AZ
GrahamCassidy is farce!  How can u live with something that will cause so many so much. Some death.  What in christ's name are you thinking!
U are wrong on this Senator
I understand that you are more worried about threats from the right than the left, but that's no reason to leave your constituents uncovered
Come on, Arizonians! He's going to make us lose our healthcare so let's make him lose his job! Vote him OUT in 2018!!!
Won't watch, why would I? You don't see us, we won't see you..and soon...
Shame
Unfortunately, efficiency often means moving more and more people out of coverage and into the hands of emergency rooms.
Very disappointed that you would abandon your constituents to a system without pre-existing condition protection.
Why?
You are not representing the people of Arizona!
REPEAL AND REPLACE JEFF FLAKE INSTEAD OF HEALTHCARE
Speak all you want... Whatever happened to working in a bi partisan fashion? #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
I thought I respected you. Not anymore.
No, Flake, just no. You're such a disappointment for Arizonans.
Make sure you cancel the premium healthcare you enjoy at taxpayers expense, since you are so bent on kicking 30 millions off ACA.

How can you look at yourself in the mirror? What was your price, Flake? You've sold your soul and you've sold our lives. Is $$$ worth it?
You're selling your soul to the devil.
I will not vote for you in 2018.  How can you support this bill?
This is literally the ONLY thing your left and right constituents agree on, so you obviously have an ulterior motive. $$$, I'm guessing.
Good job bro.
Vote No!
I can't believe you still support this!  We will not forget how you will sell is out!  You don't represent Arizona!  2018 is coming.
Looking forward to supporting your opponent in 2018
We need leaders who will do the right thing regardless of party affiliation.  Do the right thing.
Bring your butt buddy along. McCain doesn't care 200,000 AZ people have no health ins.
Flake is just afraid of Trump. Chicken! Vote no and hold your head high!
This is a pathetic attempt at getting back into #dotard's good graces. You could have taken the high road. But you didn't. #GrahamCassidy
That's too bad you still support #RepealAndReplace. U obviously don't agree with @SenJohnMcCain  Sen McCain makes sense
On Colbert u said you'd vote 4 this because 200k from AZ lacked insurance. This will make things worse. Y would u vote 4 it?
No! What part of we don't want it do you not understand?
Jeff, you are about as tough as a big down pillow. I'm certain that's why your donors endorsed you, will play for pay
You feeling good abt ripping healthcare away from people that desparately need it?
You don't represent your constituents. I can't wait to vote you out of office.
You're the worst! Anyone who has continued to vote for you is to blame for your continued votes AGAINST reason and AGAINST your constituents
Sen. McCain has it right.
So glad to see that you continuously stick to party lines. You have 0 integrity.
I wish you would support ensuring coverage for pre-existing conditions. Save the ACA!
Why would you vote for this?  You don't seem to care what your voters want.
Oh my god man! Give it the fuck up! No one wants this in AZ! #flakeout2018
VOTE YES on Graham-Cassidy!
Wrong on this one Jeff (imo)
Senator @JeffFlake - why don't you join @SenJohnMcCain and build a BIPARTISAN Healthcare bill instead of a unilateral rip off of America?
No med assoc support it. It's bad. Let it go.
I think you have the potential to be a decent Senator. But you're running hard in the wrong direction. #GrahamCassidy is far worse than ACA.
Coward, hack, future lobbyist...
I know (hope) you guys are trying to play 3D chess. However, I would rather see cooperation across the aisle to improve the ACA.
Maybe you senators should work together and fix the ACA. Make it a law no one ever call it a Obamacare. You bags would be happy then. No GC
Question - do outed senators collect unemployment? Better look into it. #NoFlake2018
VOTE NO on this Bill @jefffake
.@SenJohnMcCain showed you what a real patriot is made of. I'm embarrassed for you refusing to stand with him.
And you proudly make the most disgusting statement! I'll watch when you get voted out! #NoFlake2018
Why do you detest people in need?
You mean your continued desire to make Koch  even tho it will kill more Rs & Ds each year than 9-11? Not #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
#NoFlake2018
Isn't greed supposed to be a sin? Aren't you supposed to be a religious man? What God told you to let poor, sick, old just suffer & die?
Replying to @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain he is a piece of #SWAMP  #trash....a true #rino #democrat to his end,..A keating 5 #FRAUDSTER
This is what you support. How can you justify all the damage this bill does in order to give tax cuts to ultra-wealthy? People will DIE!
