Thanks to @marcorubio for coming out to Arizona to support @JeffFlake! #AZSen 
Bye bye Flake.  No more Swamp.
Show some leadershp! Speak out against Trump! Say it out loud: Impeach Trump! He wants thank yous while American citizens in PR are dying!
...kick out the biased, hateful, prejudiced, hypocrites and take back the Republican Party or establish a new party that represents ....
Disappointing.
Your done son and America will be better for it.. I heard CNN is hiring lol
Where's the puke button?
At taxpayer expense I'm sure! If the best you can do is Little  Marco, Traitor McCain,  Chucky & osi for friends, it's time to move on!
Please don't call a war hero a traitor, there is only so much we that have served can take
#ProudVeteran
Time to separate yourselves from the alt right and religious right  the Republican Party needs to split has to choose who it represents....
@BreitbartNews @DRUDGE_REPORT @LouDobbs @seanhannity both gang of 8?2face politicians?Integrity?Swamp? 4amnesty?no wallVote @kelliwardaz
I actually supported the Flake Republican in 2012.. Forgive me...
You are far from absolution....Trump!  Bannon!  Take him out!!!!
Kelly Ward has Arizona's vote
...The people of this country not special interests, not big money, not the party itself. Just represent everyone’s best interests!!
@kelliwardaz is gonna destroy you
#GOPeatheiryoung
Too funny.  As if Marco "Amnesty" Rubio was going to be a net gain in voters for you!!! ROTFLMAO!!!!
Good riddance Flake , you are part of the swamp!!!
Come on AZ!  Time to get rid of this traitor along with McCain! #MAGA
You were one of the brave to speak against Trump. Now it is time to #remove45 #theDangerousCaseOfTrump #25thAmendment Before it's too late
Let's move forward together and remove Trump. It is your duty to the safety of the nation #RemoveTrump #25thamendment
Two guys who continue to vote AGAINST the American people. How proudly you stand together.
Your right, let's get rid of all these two face republicans....
See ya later Flake and Corker, good riddance Rino traitors
Sad
Marco Rubio is so nuts he could hide his own Easter eggs
Wait he almost was the GOP candidate....
#GOPEatTheirYoung
Two rising stars of the United States Syndicate.... oops I meant Senate.
Donald Trump is out of control, step up and support Senator Corker! SPEAK OUT AGAINST THIS MAD MAN!
Corker is retiring. Only thing he will do now is screw the people on his way out.
Wait so all GOP candidates will screw people on their way out?!?  Maybe we shouldnt elect them to begin with...Go Dems!
Two flakes.
Wow GOP on GOP violence....
Now that Trump supports Ward it’s time for you to openly oppose him and support your constituents
Democrats come out and vote for this guy!  A Republican is going to win anyways and I want Jeff Flake!

Don't go quoting those liberal British Hollywood scum, quote Reagan or go home MAGA by Rich idiots that dodged the draft is the way to go!
#ReplaceTheFlake Vote @TeamKelliWard @kelliwardaz
Ha ha ha, Little Marco is supporting you? No wonder you are 20% behind
swamp helping the swamp.
Time for the Real Republicans to reclaim the GOP from Trump's erratic leadership. And leadership is the polite word for fascism.
You wrote a book for big bucks. Waiting to hear you support Senator Corkers comments. Or are you just abt the book sales? Speak up.
Your going down! @kelliwardaz
I assume having little Marco in AZ cost taxpayers money! You 2 swamp dwelling  need to move to CA to help protect DACA! VOTE WARD IN 2018
What makes you think we support Rubio? We know your gone!! Rubio is on edge. You guys are two peas in a pod.
Gross
No, @JeffFlake for Dog Catcher. We don’t need your kind of politicking. Hear that @SenRubioPress
You arrogant attitude will be your own worse enemy. We the people are taking back our country. You will be repealed & relaced.
#FlushTheFlake
Jeff:  please do not seek re-election. You and John do not represent us in AZ
Flake\Rubio in 2020
Marco I sent you money to beat Crist and supported you for President. Boy was I dumb. I'll now be sending money to Kelli Ward.
Pay attention and watch your back! Senator Corker is going after your position as Champion of the Resistance!
Rubio can not vote for you. We can . Try working to actually HELP us save healthcare, Medicare, Medicaid.  We, your voters, need you!
Flake! your at the bottom of the Polls! You are so dumb not getting behind Trump! McCain is familiar with the term "Crash and Burn"
Why are Republicans enabling a man they know is unfit for office? Will it take the start of WWIII before you are brave enough to speak up?!
I am a Democrat and I support you, Senator Flake. Thank you for being one of the grown up in DC

THREAD - To all my Twitter friends: I need to get something off my chest. I have spent the majority of my adult life working with and 1/34
Flake for dogcatcher ... something he might be able to handle.
I love both of you guys!
The bought and paid for Senators must stick together! I understand your donors are demanding a return on their money! No courage to see here
Wait, shouldn’t #LittleMarco be in Florida? Or in the Senate, working? #FlakeOut
Both of you grow a spine against the liar in the WH.
No change no vote 
# midterms
Two open border dickholes
Two losers the do nothing seating senators
I’m neither Republican nor Democrat, just a 73-yr old retired civil servant who wants to thank you for stand for reason, decency, integrity.

The uneducated Trumpsters have already deemed you the invisible "establishment ". They have gone full retard - it's too late for you.
Who paid for his plane ticket?
It’s time for a woman to represent Arizona. 
Dr. Kellie Ward
buh bye
Swamp creatures
Flake is a good man
No! Come on Arizona do the right thing,we’re stuck with McCain a dem faking being republican. Don’t give us Flake again. Nothing get done
Let everyone vote for Dr. Kelli Ward, we need conservatives in the Senate, not RINO's like Jeff.
No way Jose.....
Awe man!  Rubio was my guy and it makes me sad that such a traitor like you would bring him to AZ. Still won't vote for you ever again.
Gulp. Gulp. Gulp. Hope he had enough water to wash down his words.

Lmao dream team of lame
Ugh.
Are all these democrats responding here going to vote for you Jeff or Sinema? Not you!
#RINO convention in #Arizona no thanks you are gone #Flake...#Establishment #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Twice the party over people women hating hypocrites. #2018
Rubio has a history of supporting losers.
You still work here?
Booooooooo!
Pack your bags Flake. No more anti Trump Republicans.
Flake's gonzo. Kelli Ward will be the dandruff shampoo to rid us of him!
Two puppets.
Flakes, This cushy job is coming to an end....174,000 a year, 3 million dollars for staff, expenses, hair cuts, lobbiest, donors..Lunch pale
Two losers
Are you guys sure it's ok with potus? He says Jeff is weak and t knows everything.
YOUR PRES. T. DOES KNOW BETTER THAN MOST. THANK YOU FOR THE COMPLIMENT.
#notimpressed
swamp dwellers sticking together isn't going to save you. #MAGA
Swamp Dwellers LMAO such Truth in your words Chris!!!!! Love it!!!
But if you don’t start fighting this NAFTA provision FLA tomato growers are trying to get put in on season/regional dumping your out in AZ
Rubio is all FLA not your friend on this one!!
.@JefftheFlake isn't smart enough to understand unless you can send money.
Oh look! The circus came to town...
Hey POTUS is wanting to start a war with NK so maybe cut the campaigning and go stop him plz? #youlose2018
Reason to vote no
@JeffFlake heard you & Marco had lunch w/our CEO, Allen Morrisson today. I'd love to have you be a speaker on campus. What do you say?
Political mafia taking care of its own.
EXCELLENT ENDORSEMENT
Stand your ground & you WILL win
Millions of Americans
R counting on U both
Not just #Arizona
Thanks @marcorubio! https://twitter.com/flakeforsenate/status/917531718956879873 …
Jeff Flake is Champion of the Resistance not Senator Corker!!
Itty bitty Marco
You have my vote
@RepSinema is getting my vote and the vote of everyone I come across
Watched Steve Bannon on #Hannity sd he's going after the do-nothing RINOs not supporting @POTUS . @kelliwardaz  is going to win.  #MAGA
Kelli Ward is another crazy!
Swamp Monster
Then he is as big a jerk as you are or he doesn't realize you do not work for your constituents, but only for your party.
Spineless.  Both of you.
Both of you please start standing up against our chaotic president. The nation needs the GOP now more than ever to find its way back...
You are asking the wrong People! RINOS!
Aww y’all can go enjoy a foam party together after we fire ya both.
Yay... Soros pawns coming to vouch for you.  Must be proud!
You are the swamp Jeff. You will lose.
Thank you for being a voice of sanity @JeffFlake & @marcorubio. @marcorubio I voted for you. @JeffFlake I'd vote for you given the chance.
Well done @marcorubio ...my guess the orangeman in our WH won't like it but who cares
What you both don't realize is speaking out against Trump is the winning ticket. PLus you get to be on the right side of history.
Republican and therapist here. Counseling visits and requests for meds are UP. Children are afraid. Trump is hurting Americans. Please act.
What are our collective values? Principles? Beliefs? Are we living them or are we trading them for a deal or two? We’re beyond compromise.
Not going to help. Elephants don't forget. Kelli Ward 2018
That's uhh, some endorsement there! 
You will need more than him..
Hold a townhall
How about you earn support from AZ voters?  Pass CHIP and hold DJT to account.  Protect taxpayer $$ from private & military plane travel
You are gonna lose...drop out now
Is he standing on a box to reach that mic?
Rinos supporting Rinos...
Will you guys be pitching in to cover a shift at the Adult Day Care Center?
You couldn't ask for better support, Sen. Flake. Marco is the real deal, as are you!
It's about time Marco came out.
Marco can't help you.  We're not going to be fooled twice. McCain and now you
Flake is a FAKE !! You won't deceive the people of AZ again
Relying on a guy who has a losing track record ... wise choice  
Rubio sure threw out his self appointed conservative credentials and jumped right back in with the RINO amnesty crowd. Pathetic.
Going full Ismay are Flake and Rubio
Spineless and clueless great pair
As opposed to trump and pence aka dumb and ass???
That's ok. @kelliwardaz is getting Steve Bannon. Way better.
Senators Flake, McCain, Corker, and now Rubio telling it like it is. Thank you for ethics and morality.
Anti-Trumpers of a feather flock together.
Reunion of the Revelations 21:8 crew
No way
Loser to loser. Flake is done. Not even McCain's boss Soros can save you. #nomoreFlake
Dandruff shampoo is needed. Stat! Get rid of all those flakes!! Drain swamp! Vote for @kelliwardaz
@FlakeforSenate 

I hope you lose! You'll go down for being #OnTheWrongSideOfHistory
You both need to do some real soul searching!
Oh how disappointing
