#USBorderPatrol with Our President. Great #TrumpRally tonight in #Phoenix see you All there.
That fake snowFLAKE should have been there. Supporting our POTUS instead of being political elite swamp creature
No he shouldn't have been there. Anyone with half a brain wouldn't go. I hope Flake knows that most Americans do not support DT
Wrong the president was elected by WE THE PEOPLE. We support him 100%
Russia helped elect him and you are in the minority of 35%. Get use to the fact that DT and some of his fam are being looked at by Mueller
Not worried
About what? DT under investigation? Sorry but this tweet is old
Why not Sheriff Joe?????????????? Double standard Jeff and have it both way.... FAKE TAN Jeff
https://twitter.com/lngsafa54/status/901917312730750976 …
Great to see you support Apriao too!!! You need to be replaced. Not fit to be a U.S. Senator.
Are you supporting Arapio?
If they have your full support why don't you support the President's pardon of an 85 yr. Old Sheriff?
What about Sheriff Joe?????????
We at "American Before Party" have over a 1,000 volunteer's to get the word out and educate the Voters on RINO Corruption-Vote Kelly Ward
He looking for votes!! Disgusting
except for Sheriff Joe and all the dedicated years he spent keeping AZ safe and upholding the Rule of Law...not him
We are trying to change that so tick tock tick tock
Do they. Your tweet about preferring didn't support them. Bad cops give all cops bad names. That sherif broke the law repeatedly
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
I'm amazed at so many Trump supporters. No matter what he does or says they just follow him like a bunch of silly sheep.
Yeah, kind of like you and all the other lesbians did Hillary.

Support for all but Sheriff Joe Arpaio?  Years of DOJ  breaking the law.  Hard not 2 profile when illegals R Hispanic?  Not Irish Catholics.
McConnell, Ryan, Graham, McCain, Flake need to go. They are Democrats than they are Republicans. Trump's Presidency exposed them.
All except Sheriff Joe I'm assuming right?
And I'll be 3/4ths of them who are registered GOP vote for @kelliwardaz
Do you think anyone believes you? You sure didn't support Joe.
Thanks for that!
How could Trump pardon Arpaio and what is your plan to protect immigrants and minorities from Arpaio? Trump is shameful
Support Trump in all things! How embarrassing for you to be called out by him last night! He should have your support!
Until the democrats attack them then you'll switch sides rino. You're a flake for sure.
Sheriff Arpaio was @AzSherriffs too and you didn't get his back. Will never forget!
Unless a liberal judge finds you in contempt and you just happen to be a decorated Sheriff.  In that case I'll just sit on my hands.  JF
Regarding the Arpaio pardon, I would have preferred that the President honor the judicial process and let it take its course. Hypocrite!
Weak on borders, weak on crime Jeff Flake
Weak Spine
Wheres your support for Sheriff Arpaio? Oh wait Joe was just following laws passed by Congress...Can't wait to see you gone!! Kelly 4 Senate
#onebadvote #replaceandrepeal #byebye
You love the ones that get your son out of being held accountable for the dogs death. Hopefully you will be in a real hot place for eternity
Haha. You are on your way out rino
U speak with forked tongue.  Shameful self-righteousness. Pharisee = One who points out sin -- others'.
Flake never supported the Police when Obama was president. Things are different with POTUS! He gives respect to all law enforcement
To bad you don't have their support.
DON'T LET JOE WALK~He is inhumane.
Too late to suck up now.

Hey flake. The voters are waiting patiently for The Wall and Our Immigration laws to be enforced! Why aren't you helping POTUS TRUMP!!
Come on flake, just #MAGA and get on board. The people in AZ don't care for your fake "conservatism". Real conservatism is enforcing laws.
Hey doesn't that guy look familiar?  He tried to sell out The America people with The Clown, The Pool Boy and Johnny One Vote. Flake the 
Everybody in AZ is talking how you prioritize illegal aliens over America People. Again and again, they are coming to realize this.
The more AZ voters look at fact you favor illegals over Americans, the more they are disgusted. A lot of folks talking about your betrayal.
Flake and his accomplice Johnny One Vote betrayed the America people! Enforce our immigration laws!!
FLAKE -- why don't you support enforcing our borders and immigration laws!!???

Flakey flake another turncoat rino/ fake conservative just like Johnny mcLAME, AZ voters use your minds vote for the DR MS Ward
"Expand his base" (Trump's) from the Sen who has no base or approval in his own state.
No they don't . You allow illegals in .
We need your support of trump programs. Your grandstanding may get some crazy dems butwe need unity now! I
But your constituents do NOT have your full support? We voted you in TO REPRESENT US!! NOT YOURSELF!! Never again. You are a liar.
https://youtu.be/jYSuKn09_e4   You stabbed our @POTUS in the back on a liberal propaganda show, you're DONE! Boy.
He sure did. Everybody in AZ talking about how he wants illegals to replace Americans and he doesn't want to give up his illegal nanny
Do you call illegal immigrants our "Guest"? I vote and this BS of supporting sanctuary for any "illegal" immigrants has to stop.

I see your position.
Start thinking of transition, if there's anything worth transitioning from you to the next sen
Your in trouble you can start looking for a new lobbyist job since you're part of the swamp

You are going to lose, don't worry maybe corrupted McCain will share the loot with you....
All of a sudden you rememberd that they vote?
You need to support  Trump or your gone
ur out

You will not get reelected
Just watched you on fox news. What a flake. Trump was right about you!
Senator, I may not agree with you politically, but I do believe you are a good man. I am sorry that trump is attacking you-It is disturbing
If you know the whole story you are gonna understand why. Don't ask me why? Do your own research youll know he asked for it.
You are against our president, Don t count on my vote, republicans need to have the Presidents back, democrats stick together
Your last name says it all. Switch to the Democrats! You are one of them! Someone has to push back President Trump! Your a disgrace!
Senator, since you try hard to be the male #marthastewart of the GOP : Your shoes are way too light for a navy suit, just sayin'.
Jeff need to step a side for a real republican
DNC is nearing bankruptcy
CNN's ratings are in the tank
McConnell polling at 18% 

Don't mess with Trump.
@kelliwardaz  will take AZ 
#MAGA
Globalist shill. Eat sh*t!
Why don't U call out the bastard haters on the Left (Antifa, BLM) and admit Trump was right. Violence on BOTH sides. Good folks marched too
You're going to lose, fake Republican, Nevertrumper!!! Bawhahaha

Vote this fake republican out. Hes a inept RINO. Every time he opens his mouth we hear BS from Senator Jackass
Jeff Fake pretending to be tough on the border. Sad!!! Trump will destroy Neo Cons and Leftist traitors.
You let illegal immigrants in your state to prey on citizens, week
Would like the same treatment as people from Mexico. Can I jump the Canadian border into U.S as well. A clear obvious double standard.
Trying to look like you are doing something besides being a #swampthing
You are a liar and a RINO elitist! I hope @kelliwardaz takes your job you #swampthing
You are one in a million! If only others had the courage and integrity to speak up as you have!
If Trump is against you, you're doing something right.
@JeffFlake you SUCK - you will be defeated by @realDonaldTrump.  You @SenDeanHeller and your wingman @SenJohnMcCain  - you guys are terrible
As your days in office are numbered. Cling to those filthy thirty pieces of silver you sold out our nation for.
You are behind 14 points  #TRAITOR
I understand the new sheriff has released several prisoners ahead of schedule???
Voting your butt out!!!
https://kelliward.com/articles/new-ad-highlights-senator-jeff-flake-s-relentless-attacks-against-president-trump …  Vote this traitor out....
Too bad that corrupted raitor McCain has corrupted this man too...
You are a good and honest men, keep up the work.
VOTE FOR KELLI WARD 
You take on TRUMP, you lose. Your FIRED !!!
Im not voting for you again...

Big get for Kelli Ward: @seanhannity just endorsed her on his radio show, "I warmly offer you my endorsement and my support."
See u later Flake! You won't be elected again!

Pro-Trump @GreatAmericaPAC just reported a $20k expenditure for Flake challenger Kelli Ward—its 1st IE this yr for anyone but Trump himself 
I read your book. Now you need to live your book. The first priority has to be removing trump from office. He is a desease on democracy.

Simply not true. You need to resign or change parties. You are not a Republican. Be a Man!.....become a Democrat w/ McCain.
@JeffFlake, thanks for standing up to @POTUS, whose administration will be over soon enough.
@JeffFlake was booed by 19,000 Arizonans last night, but he doesn't have to lose the primaries. Time to get on board the Trump train.
Law enforcement, like the rest of us, can't stand you.  I look forward to you losing in 18.  You are a RINO and a do nothing Senator.
U just don't want them enforcing the laws? Right, gotcha.
@kelliwardaz  had a fabulous interview on @FoxNews this morning. Hope you saw your replacement. I've donated from Michigan to her
Move over Jeff. Trump voters will vote you out. Me included.
I intend to send as much money as possible to who is ever running against you
Finally you say something right
Trump and his supporters hate you anyway. Might as well just become a decent person. Oppose Trump, censure, and impeach.
Your defeat in 2018 will send a much needed message to GOP Congress. Get behind the President and his agenda or get left behind.
Hope none of the RINO dummies wake up and they are ALL replaced.
#Mills2018
Introduce #ArticlesOfImpeachment #45 disgraced your country,state and your citizens as well as promoting violence against you. #StandUpToGOP
People of Arizona are suffering. Why don't you care ? Who is paying you ?
Are you really a liberal Dem? Stand with President Trump, or get out of office! We want to #MAGA and you don't !
So Jeff, the tear gas was a good thing? Pepper spray is just what the protesters was look for.  You & police are wrong.
kelli ward for Senate
Although I may not agree with all your policies, I want to thank you for being the only Republican senator to stand up  and speak truth
About Trump. You are not given the credit  this subject deserves. You're the only Republican who can not be bullied by  narcissist Trump
Support the wall ,disband sanctuary cities if you want to support cops and community
Ag in Texas 600,000 crimes and 124,000 murders committed by illegals in six years ,Texas stats
Please put your hat in the 2020 race Senator Flake.  You, Sir, are Presidential.
Jeff Flake& McCain are two peas in a pod. VOTE Them OUT!
100%
Please give me a break
As AZ resident I respect your HALF stand against @realDonaldTrump. But, I WON'T vote for you bc you voted to repeal #ACA. #PhoenixRally
Please consider opposing Trump in the 2020 primaries.  I'd be proud to send your campaign a check.
Way to go Dr Kelli Ward! Arizona whether your Democrat or Republican or Independent vote for Kelli Ward
Your weak on crime and even weaker on borders. Dr. Kelli Ward for U. S. Senate.
Jeff you think you could say whatever you want about a president get away with it your time is short
I don't agree with many of your policy positions, but I do like you far better than Trump. Trump is insane for attacking you.
Flake is insane for attacking Trump. There, fixed it for ya.
I will not vote for you again I will give my vote to. Kelly ward

Sad we clearing the swamp . Enjoy your last term.
@realDonaldTrump #wednesdaywisdom @kelliwardaz and not one law enforcement re-tweeted him. Flake - quit now, it will be embarrassing
@kelliwardaz @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity #wednesdaywisdom you should do a show on Flakes and McCains retweeters. Leftist-globalists!
?
http://www.dailyprogress.com/arizona-sheriffs-honor-flake-for-baseball-shooting-response/article_ec9c3135-12fd-5132-8cc4-b3718e124d18.html … Sent to POTUS accounts;shame on him disparaging 2 good men. U, @SenJohnMcCain have my support. Trump is an evil man.
Your promotion of #OpenBorders is going to be what sinks your political ship!
I can't wait to see Jeff Flake get destroyed in the primary. That will be a great day.
How many books has that stiff sold?
Jeff it be a good time to resign Trump is out for blood it is very ugly she will not anything to run on but what they are crazy conservative
Did you watch last night? Had enough yet? Stand up and protect Americans from 45.  If you won't or can't, then you need to be replaced...
Jeff Flake is a fake republican!
RINO!!
"ON MANY SIDES, ON MANY SIDES" deceitfully omitted by our bigoted GROPER-IN-CHIEF last night!!
Flake has already turned his back on one Az. Sheriff for votes, Az. Vote this Flake OUT OF OFFICE!
Senator Flake I am a Democrat,but I recognize the stand you have taken in these trying times.Be the rock against waves!
He should run as a democrat, he sure acts like one!
Hello loser 

Jeff turned his back on The American people and Arizona by refusing to enforce immigration laws!
Do you really mean it? When you get on your anti-Trump tirades it's difficult to believe what you say.
Your ass better be looking for a job!! Pathetic!! #TrumpRallyPhoenix #MAGA
Hey Jeff, your election is coming up soon, Dr Kelly will make a great replacement
Nobody cares what u support 
Ur only in bc thete was no other choice 
My god wake the heck up
Ur out 2018 
Az hatesU
& ur dopey ads
Senator, are you still runny for re election or did you drop out. You might as well save your money.
Hey Jeff are you feeling the pressure?  @realDonaldTrump has you on the hot seat. You mess with the bull, you get the horns.

Ty 4 not going to the Nazi rally. When are you going to do something about them? America does NOT need radical trump supporter terrorists.
You may not read all these Senator but stand firm. Integrity is the most important virtue left. EMBRACE it.

Dear lord... tell me this is a joke!

Then writes a book and goes on book tour.... so he can strategize a run for prez. (sounds vaguely familiar too)
If you really support law enforcement, help build the wall. Keep criminals out from hurting officers
Thank you, Police for protecting the protesters in Phoenix who sent a clear message: Love not hate makes America great! #ImpeachTrump
Is that so when they face off against your campaign funder's, George Soros', mob?
