glad you told us in advance of the harm you are willing to unleash
scorched earth policy...hope your grand kids still love you someday
which is better in long term for AZ?  Keep EPA in place and funded so we can protect AZ's future
You've become a real trumputo recently. Get your head out of trump's backside and listen to your constituents
we don't appreciate your disregard for our beautiful natural surroundings#twwnaz
Why does that include promoting cruelty to animals like allowing hunters to kill baby bears & wolf cubs? #NoOnSJR18
Bill intro is nice, but get it out of committee. GOP needs to start passing bills.
Who would vote for you? What good have you done for Arizona?
You refuse to listen to the citizens of our state. You voted for DeVos and now you're hurting the envir.
you would think a state that relies on tourism would want to protect the environment
Exactly, RESIST! I live in this state and I'm disgusted by Flake taking this reckless stance.
I am horrified at the legislation, also that you appropriate name of a really good band for it
No.  Regulations stay as is.
I love clean water, air, and earth more.
Clue to you Senator: the EPA has my full support. You, on the other hand, do not. I am a constituent and I vote.
I am a stakeholder too ( as are we all) when do we get our visit, meeting, answered phone call? It's about the future
That's right..you will have the only tree left in your family compound...right?
just how do EPA regs inhibit job growth?
Great idea, Senator. I mean...to hell with our kids' health, right?
That's great.  Ease EPA regulations and grow without limits until we're all wallowing in our own filth.  Very GOP.
A kid's gotta have a job when she / he grows up, right?  If she / he survives to grow up, right?
so next year even more sand/dust on I -10? No abatement? You will act when it sandblasts your car.
Why so few GOP sponsors? There should be 52!!!
@twwnaz Unbelievable!  "Ease EPA regs"?!?!? Target the Mexican grey wolf for extinction and unbalance the ecosystem
Exactly, Jennifer. This reckless pol needs to go. His hand is in the corporate pocket.
You still don't get it, do you?  Everyone opposes all of your positions.  #replaceflake2018 @IndivisibleofAZ @Arizona_Strong
I think he is looking forward to getting voted out
let's all work on that! #replaceflake2018 @ProgressNowAZ @AZ4Change
do not mess with our natural lands. I will VOTE YOU OUT of you do.
do not vote for easing EPA..I WANT YOU TO VOTE TO SAVE ARIZONA..SAVE THE EARTH. or loose your seat!
atta boy flake keep selling us out 2018 is common I've never been political but you're going to make me political
we don't want regulations eased- save our planet-
Grand Canyon needs clean air. How about solar to replace NGS on Navajo Nation? Now that's about clean air.
NGS is closing in 2019...not sure if the town of Page will survive the loss!
Start the transition. Coal is dirty and now more expensive than nat gas+solar, wind, hydro pwr.
Mr.Flake EPA protects Az land from pollution of air, land, and water. Over harvesting, harmful mining. Protect Az.
AZ  dark skies,astronomy,tourism,health rely on clean air.our water already compromised,source of life
This is NOT what your constituents want! Why not End EPA regulations at your home first?
I had classmates got sick and died in high school!  Bad luck, right?  Nope. It was mining. But, we gotta have jobs, right?
Good grief, I am afraid 2 find out what crap is going to B in our air and rivers now!  Goodbye ecology & good health!
or kill us all, you know same difference.
STOP! I happen to like breathing clean air and drinking clean water. STOP enabling so-called President Drumf. 2018 
I hope this is only the start of reversing EPA regs.
I read about your bills there, and I don't like them. I want my fragile desert ecosystem cared for. @SenJohnMcCain
I hope you have trouble sleeping because your shameful disregard for the future & our environment should keep you up
you can be better than this. Do better.
Can't understand somebody that would want to dismantle the EPA. We're at the bad edge of a fine balance as it is
#DoYourJob
your constituents value clean air and water! Don't ease EPA regs! You work for us!
you mean destroy clean air and water!?
Jeff, why do you hate earth?  Also, why did I get a call from your DC office? You didn't leave a message
More pollution, poison, and pestilence because #profit before #people
Yeah! Cuz fuck clean water! Who needs that shit anyway?
I don't think I've heard anyone sound so upbeat about destroying the  
jeff, you suck, don't do this
@AZAgainstTrump @JeffFlake @AZCounties ha ha ha, I like how you get right to the point
I don't understand why less EPA is for the good the people, I guess some business $$ is more important.
#2018elections #vote
this is abhorrent. You are literally prioritizing money over the planet and quality of life for generations to come.
2018 will be here before you know it & then Flake won't. Constituents are wising up, easing EPA is wrong. Bye Felicia
Please don't forget our environment. We need you as a counterbalance to the new head of the EPA. It's hot enough already! PLEASE?
my Ohio born husband's H2O was poisioned w/ C8 from a factory before EPA regs. Kids developed cancer & asthma.
oh boy, more added smog and pollution. Can't wait to add those jobs so factories can poison my water! My hero! 
yeah..environmental protection, who needs it??  ...jackass
thank you for aiding the destruction of our planet! My 6 year old has been breathing semi clean air for far too long
Your list of supporters says it all! In their pockets! Pathetic! Buh bye!!
In other words Jeff >>>>  lets trash our country side so big business can make millions,,  about right jeff
No, you're just after kick-backs from mining and drilling.
GHG is about long term climate, NOT about "clean air". You can have clean air & still see seafronts go underwater.
We need the strong protections from EPA for the environment both for economic growth and the health of your constituents.
CLEER & ORDEAL are reasonable but PAYGO is a denial of climate science, else why stop at just GHG?
2018
As a matter of fact, forget the town hall. I've heard enough. Thx for mobilizing the base. Now's our revenge #2018
have fun in the private sector
Oh, and also DO YOUR JOB! What a waste of a senator.
you are shameless in your disregard of the needs of your constituents #AZ2018
This is horrifying. But it's hard to listen to constituents when you don't meet with them. Is it 2018 yet?
.@JeffFlake @AZCounties You have GOT to be kidding me.  Jeff you are so out of touch and 2018 cannot come soon enough. #twwnaz #buhbye
unbelievable you tweet this proudly. Try finding out what the people you represent want, not pleasing corp donors
tone deaf.  Visit your constituents and find out what we really care about.
Please think about future generations and not current corporate greed. The EPA isn't the enemy. It was established to protect.
sir, I have severe allergies and asthma. AZ's better air quality has improved my health. Please don't screw it up.
Way to go buddy bc EPA regs are a total drag, kinda like clean air and drinking water.
That's shameful! You should want to protect our land & water from pollution!
Counting down to 2018! Bye bye Flake
Why do you want to destroy environment.  I like clean air and water.  Big corporations will not self regulate.
your telephone town hall thing was weak af. Grow a pair and face the people you represent.
Oh my goodness. Have you ever been hiking? Had a drink of clean water? Taken a deep breath of fresh air? Ease EPA?!?
what happened to town hall with voters during your break???
Also called the Turn Arizona Into New Jersey Bill.
wtf are you Jeff. We have been waiting for a town hall.
the haz-mat clean up crews will be busy anyway. Traitor.
Maybe follow your co-sponsor's example @TomCottonAR and hold a town hall.
Are you kidding me?  The EPA protects us!  More EPA! Hold a town hall in Phoenix and we can talk about it #doyourjob
Great! I've certainly had my fill of clean water & air.
I take back  good words I gave you for seeming to become more reasonable re clean environment so needed immediately.
how is making the land unlivable going to help those communities?
Take note, Sen. Flake, we don't want our state despoiled by a cut to EPA regs. Mining has already made a mess.
Wow Jeff! You're not listening to people at all! Earth Wind & Fire my ass. Pomposity at its finest. Duly noted, 2018
Disgusting
can't wait till 2018!!!!!
what type of growth will we have in 20 years? Why are you so excited about ruining our environment?
Like AZ has an over abundance of clean water...this should be discussed at a town hall, Senator.  We will remember.
- you are obviously referring to EPA protections. U cant breathe, eat, drink money
There goes the Grand Canyon....
instead of using the word "ease" maybe, more correctly say "right them".
We need to increase EPA regulations not decrease them!  You will be remembered for destroying AZ's beauty.
God it's going to feel good to vote against you in 2018.
Stop with the foolishness. Listen to Az residents. We DON'T want you to ease EPA regulations. #2018vote
Ease EPA regulations? Who wants that? Big giant industry?
umm Earth, Wind & Fire Week plus limiting the EPA = idiot post. We want clean air & water
makes the destruction of our only planet sound so cool. Just ease some regs, man.  No big deal.
Would be really nice if you'd address some of the idiotic antics going on in Washington DC.
maybe you could suport solar power for their gains instead of supporting obstacles.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again. Don't get too comfortable in that seat.
you & the Republican Party love power & money much more than the people. You are a terrible Christian
you #crossedtheline don't use a great #funk band to cover your greed and incompetence. Thanks, everyone.
Great! So we won't be able to breath or drink our water. Our air is bad enough. Need a Phoenix townhall #doyourjob
How about a town hall meeting with your constituents in Phoenix instead?
does that mean you are going to get rid of emissions test I miss the brown cloud in AZ
how about kicking yourself out of the Senate vote 2018
Dang. You just can't win. Got the libs mad at you for being conservative, and your base mad for not supporting Trump.
yes pollute our rivers kill our fish and wildlife makes sense so does this mean more uranium mines for Russia
@SenJohnMcCain WHAT THE F•CK IS WRONG W/YOU? So now ur on Trump/Bannon/BigOil payroll? This how u protect AZ environment?
YOUR DAYS IN THE SENATE ARE DWINDLING DOWN ENJOY WHILE YOU CAN
what do you mean 'promote rural AZ growth' ?  Are you sure we want to grow ?
Yeah, Screw our beautiful land!  Hope you're stocking away some of that money for when you're unemployed. FACE US!
so do you really think that will be popular? Is it all about the $$$. And how about a Townhall while you're at it?
Nothing you are doing helps the American people.
but no town hall yet? No comments on #russiagate and #FlynnResignation yet? #DoYourJob
@EuphorbiaZ @JeffFlake I echo DO YOUR JOB!
@AZAgainstTrump @IndivisibleTeam Senator, this seems like exactly the sort of thing to speak about at a #TownHall! What say you?
@SenJohnMcCain I think a town hall covering this issue and more is a great idea!!
I think a town hall covering this issue is a great idea!
You mean "gonna make me richer" bills that will not allow your children's children to live. You're disgusting.
We care about our Earth and the air our children breath. Don't ruin it! We want to drink clean water. Don't ruin it!
If updated/streamlined/reduced regs can still protect the environment, great. But suspect this will NOT be the case.
Now you want to destroy our environment in addition to our democracy?
Yes, Jeff, ease those EPA regulations.  We all want more pollutants in our environment...you are a major disappointment!
@AZAgainstTrump @JeffFlake easing regulations won't protect our State, we know, YOU know that to be true
Thanks, Jeff!  Ease those EPA regs, who need clean air and water anyway? Promote that rural AZ growth too PHX it all!
'Who writes this shit?' Does Flake even know that his twitter is nothing but nonsensical bragging. 15yo staffers?
booooooo
Call me crazy, but I like drinking clean water, seeing blue skies and breathing clean air. EPA is our guardian!
Please do NOT ease EPA regulations. Think long term.
Jackie, politicians can only see as far as the next election.  Just don't forget his actions.
They only see that far if they actually peek from the pockets of their corporate masters.
Why? Because you don't think the next Love Canal could happen in AZ? To An LDS community??
the AZ Republic predicts you won't be re-elected in 2018 and I concur.

you don't like clean water?
yay! Thank God our senator is focused on allowing corporations to destroy our environment. You're the greatest!
He's everything we thought he would be, and maybe more...tow that GOP party line...we won't forget.
