FAILED on Obamacare repeal! 
RINO
WOW YOU ARE SO GREAT  ! SUPPORT OUR  PRESIDENT .
Your new name - senator jackassery. Get used to it RINO
Support our @POTUS or change to Democrat. I'm good either way.
Flakey-Poo was my "rep" for 10 years-never responded to dozens of calls, letters and at least 6 visits to his office.
All in a name
FLAKE
Hahaha. Like it's been your idea all along to cut red tape? Ha. You ride on Trump coat tails then bash him in public. What a jerk @JeffFlake
Support Trump who is doing what you just talk about. Need to lose your Trump hate and support our Rep. President.  Kelli Ward for Senate
Flake is such a Flake
Good bye flake!
Still waiting to hear you call out MO Senator. Silence so far
Vote Kelli Ward!! #MAGA 
Are you gonna show us how to backstab your constituents so that you can feel loved by the left? Protip: they will never love you.
People really show up to listen to your BS
Red tape Trump is eliminating, not you. Riding Trump's coat tails again to get elected? Not going to work this time. Need to update resume!
Libtard can't wait to see Aug 2
You went from solid red re election
Chance to slightly pink you
And brain dead are Democrats
You're going to get primaried in 2018. You are toast.
@kelliwardaz will be the BEST choice for AZ. Flake is a RINO. AZ deserves a STRONG leader working for AZ residents FIRST. #MAGA  #MASA 🖒
Resign
If you mean it, get busy and repeal OCare.  And do tax reform.  Just more talk with no action.
How do we donate to your campaign, Sen. Flake?
He's going to be out of work. He could always join an MLM with you.
reduce red tape, but God forbid you ever take a stand for #AmericaFirst. just another #GOPoser #RINO like @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC
Replace this fake republican.
Bahaha lol so hard at this FLAKE
You are a flake conservative we will work hard to get Kelli Ward elected you are no conservative can hardly wait for her to debate you
A globalist trying to cut red tape? Now that's a joke. lol
You're going to find another job soon. Good luck.
Goodbye Flake.
Krikey Flake, u R the red tape in DC.... now that uv crossed over to the other side... the dark side that is
You better get all the money you can from your Special Interest Hacks because @kelliwardaz is taking your job . Americans are tired of you.
That flake agenda or trumps
Open borders cuck
Good luck in the private community. What do you think you'll do when you are beaten in next election.
Jeff, schools need tax money. Stop trying to allow them to pay less. We also need EPA laws.
Jake the Flake betrayed the GOP voters
You WILL Get Primaried!
What is it with you and McCain? Seems all the whacko bird national trolls are your only supporters. Just a thought, they don't vote in AZ.
Hey AZ, time to get behind @kelliwardaz for Senate and dump the FLAKE!
POTUS has taken care of red tape. Little late getting to the station. Going to give credit where it's due? Be at the rally tomorrow?
How about reducing the influence of Nazis in DC?
FLAKENEWS again? How bout cooperation with POTUS & stopping all the negative to get something done?
Way to late to start working now ! You should have FIXED our HC
Did you stand 4 trump? You know early on before your book and morality/values crap. Why did half of voters object early on w no book deal?
got anything to say about the rally tomorrow? being a leader, you know?
No he will jump in a dug out somewhere
Hope they don't believe a word you say. You don't stick to campaign promises or the word you've given the Republican Party! Vote Kelli Ward!
Senator, with all respect, I believe my new book " Toward a More Perfect Union (https://www.amazon.com/Toward-Perfect-Union-Bruce-Lieberman/dp/1547295848/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&qid=1501740634&sr=1-1 …), may be as timely as yours.
What if your business is enforcing the red tape that keeps us all safe? Asking for my business partner
I'll be at your office tomorrow to speak to your staff about Vet abuse still taking place in Phx. Will you be there? Already met with Ward!

.@HouseGOP - With Trump's record on #Nazis, answer this for your constituents: Would you vote for him at all, in any election, today?

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
He's not backed by the Americans either because he has shown he doesn't support those that voted for him, Flake is a liar!
Elect @kelliwardaz before Jeff Flake destroys AZ ! Elect @kelliwardaz !!!
Fire the Flake.
