Short term gain (possibly) but a tragic loss to future generations.  The future is green energy production- a great source of jobs for AZ.

Leave BLM land alone. I just adopted a wild mustange from BLM land. Stop encroaching on animal habitats. Find somewhere else to go .
Your job is to protect and defend the USA. No One Cares about the last 1 out of a burning building, but they remember who sounded the ALARM!
Mr. "Snow-FLAKE", your days in Congress are numbered, you will not be re-elected! America needs men who will keep their promises.
I see another hat in the ring for GOP nominee 2020. Photo opts with locals, book about Trump, making the news rounds...
Hell, Flake will be unemployed following the election next year.  #GoodRiddance !!
When is your next town hall?
2018
Thanks for reminding why I'll vote against you.  Let's keep our nation's land in the hands of the people.  Not sell it for a quick buck.
Jeff has to play to wealthy donors if he wants the White House.  Don't trip over us on your way to the top there Flake
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10159620276395354&id=95475020353 …
Let's just take and destroy tomorrow because I'm shortsighted narrow minded greedy and privileged.
Like many other moderates in AZ, I registered Repub to vote against wacko birds in primaries! You can win primaries by gaining Independents!
Sen. Flake, S.548= lvrge underutilized tax exempt PAB(bond) authority granted to AZ. HUD provides lvrge in AJ. http://www.huduser.gov/portal/sadda/sadda_qct.html …
Oh hey, don't mean to interrupt, but your POTUS is about to start nuking shit
No. Less federal control means more abuse and exploitation of our beautiful state.
remember when Disney wanted to build a resort in Yosemite to save taxpayers money?
While your president is starting world War 3 Get back to Washington
18% approval rating. Flake the Snake. #kelliwardaz
Uh...  Kelli is the wrong direction.  Vote Blue.
How's about you work on fewer Russian puppets in the WH? You'll need Independents to win in 2018. The one that sounds the ALARM is the hero!
Show us on the map where you're going to sell off public lands to your donors.
NO!!!!  Federal land is GOOD!  It keeps selfish personal interests from exploiting and DESTROYING IT!!!  LEAVE IT ALONE!!!
Are you that clueless? No, you are just in it for the money and fame. Think of what will be left for our kids when all is developed.
This would be bad for arizona's legacy. The desert is AZ. Leave it be. 
Support Trump
You should spend your time being a Republican and backing the Trump agenda - Arizona does!
bullshit!
Profit off of what!? #keepitwild #keepitpublic
Get enough starch in that shirt?? Who does your makeup?? Seems like another #PuppetPolitician #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Those calling you Rino will be SWAMPED by voters who see a chance to vote for a man of courage and principles! TRY being one Just This Once!
Mayor Serdy is an idiot if he thinks you'll help remove Federal control.
#voteFlakeOut
Work with President Trump to lower taxes and that will spur economic growth.

Have you finally gone totally nuts? Those lands, including parks, monuments, etc., belong to us--NOT DEVELOPERS, BIG OIL, PRIVATE USE! 
ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!  Is there no end to the plundering, stripping and ruining our environment by this administration and congress?
We really need to talk about water more than regulations by the federal government.
#Flagstaff is nice this time of year. Don't constituents up north deserve some time? Hold a #TownHall please!
If it involves drilling, mining, or in any other way destroying public lands, I vote NO!
Story I heard about Texas - nearly all the land is private. Don't know if it's true, but how do you enjoy the great "not yours"?
1) You mean to steal land from "the people"?
2)You see how the state manages land? No trespassing signs and wild fire hazard
I wish you were president!
I hope common sense water rights and accessibility to this precious commodity are top issue on discussions.
It's sickening 4 u suddenly to disagree w/Drumpf 2 sell ur book & beg 2 b re-elected. Wrong side of history & hateful vote on healthcare.
Jeff u keep trying to cover ur misdeeds. U did not, did NOT speak up in Obamas defense abt birther statement until Drumpf had nom! Liar!
Support Trump policies and watch economy boom
You also say discussed ways to take land away from US citizens for the benefit of a few corporations
^could
Just a camel's nose under the tent.  Where's their General Plan?  Where is MAG? City has incorporated boundaries, why aren't parks w/in?
More like impact the environment and line your own pockets with $.
No one cares dude. Support our president or get out of the way.
No! Stop! Stupid!
Nuclear Winter, courtesy of Trump, will make this irrelevant. DO SOMETHING about the crazy man in the WH. Tick, tock, BOOM, Senator.
Great idea! The Feds have far too much control over land in West.
Cool, but we have a NK problem, please Sir do your job before trump leads us into Nuclear war! 
What a waste of time.Rome burns and Jeff fiddles.
The question is - what can these smaller juris offer in terms of Econ growth? Not too much, hence why pop growth has always moved to cities.
If they can't answer that with feasible options, then there is no point in removing public land...not that there was to start with.
You people dropped sansations
On Russia and North Korea
Then went on vacation leaving
Trump to deal with your shit
This is not a game dumbas
What specific economic growth that would benefit all Arizonans more than their right to use public land?
Smokescreen for clear-cutting, drilling, and strip-mining.
Nope don't trust local government to protect the common wealth  Things get sold to the highest bidder
Would take include not taking land away from owners to build a Wall?
Yeah, let us steal land from the people to give it to the rich developers.  Great plan.
Dear Senator @JeffFlake the sagebrush rebellion is fraught with economic downsides.   Please carefully consider these before endorsing.
And hiw will you get water for all this development in the desert?
Sure turn it over greedy developers
How about make it illegal for the Federal government to take state lands in the first place?
Conservatives conserve, right? Guess you really aren't a conservative after all, Jeff. 2018 is coming.
The real shame is you are not a man of your word... you day things then do what you want.. no more Flake!!!!!!!!!
It would b nice if u would support R PRESIDENT the very POTUS that's aligned with Rep. which U supposedly R part of turns out you're a RHINO
Let me guess... more drilling & mining or low wage jobs. Why don't you work on bringing high paying STEM jobs.
Why not sell all the open lands? What could go wrong?
Where is repeal and replace you ran on ? Are you a liar???
Why you lier most of the people I talk to can't stand you and seeing your lieing face and Laffing about how you lie makes me sick.
Enjoy ur last days in office. You'll be voted out soon.
Too late to save yourself now. What a phony you are. #maga #kelliward
Please stay there Mr RINO @POTUS @VP Tell McCain to come visit
Flake should resign
Is selling our lands to private companies and persons the best use of it? Serious question: cautiously sounds like anti-fed sentiment.
Flake is indeed a flake.
Jeff I wish you to keep in mind that 60 million voters are pissed off we haven't stopped being pissed off just a warning back down Trump
That's ridiculous.  Federal lands protect the most beautiful parts our earth has to offer. Stop thinking of money at the cost of our planet
Once the wilderness is gone, it's gone.
Yea the mayor of AJ is an expert.  Did mitch give you permission to look into this?
Acknowledged Sen.Jeff Flake of ARIZONA
How about #RepealObamaCare and start supporting @realDonaldTrump to start spurring growth!
P.S. Umm, can you stop that nuclear annihilation thing about to happen? Okay, thanks.
P.P.S. I'm only partly kidding about that one. You're my hero for standing on principle, not partisanship.
