YES! Not sure what you mean by successful Jeff, but I love to break tape and work the numbers, so let's hit it hard! Firstly, AZ is losing..
teachers at a horrific rate, so bad they have waived all the education reqs for subs in many counties, because they're paid the lowest in...
nation, that was not addressed. They cut more corporate taxes while passing an ill advised university cash free for all that will add to the
state deficit until 2043! And they failed to pass a law that will let me shoot snakes and rats in my downtown Phoenix home, like the 2nd..
Amendment should allow me too. Look Jeff, love our policy talks, but lets say that we do it at the #FlakeTucsonTownHall and meet the fans...
Successful? I don't think that word means what you think it means.
How is ruining our already failed education system a success. How does being last in education count as success? #YourStupidityIsAstounding
If you consider insulting teachers and the wishes of a majority of constituents "success," go ahead and pat yourself on the back.
Ask teachers how good it was...
Do you ever read this things and wince so hard you blow a blood vessel in your eye?
Was it because he was mentioned in the Washington post for being 50th in public school funding? Was it the $5000 welfare tax credit voucher?
.@JeffFlake, you're kidding? #AZLegislature and Gov. .@dougducey are disasters for kids, public ed, folks in need. #ImFromArizona #IVote
Congrats Gov. @DougDucey & #AZ Legislature on another successful session!
I work in "failing public schools" & w/our future Arizonans. You both FAILED us! I can't wait to use my "raise" to donate to your opponents.
You call what they did to education & educators in AZ successful?!
Of taking from the poor to give to the rich!
Wake up Flake!!!!!!!!!
Exactly what was successful about sticking it to the middle class and public education? Read @ejmontini
we will always remember that @JeffFlake supported TRUMP 100%
You probably should focus on educating yourself instead of screwing over teachers #SaveOurSchools
He's living up to his last name
BS!
What do you believe was successful? Stripping MCSO of $1.5M for purely political reasons? #AZboundless
Or giving teachers 2% STIPEND over 2 years that still doesn't take us out of 49th in teacher pay? #AZboundless
We are 50th.... Boo Flake and Ducey.
Was it because he gave teachers in our state a 2% raise?
Not successful if you didn't make public education a priority in the state and give teachers inflationary salary hikes.
Now, can you do something, anything?? #donothingSenator!
Senator, looking forward to 2018! We plan to kick you out and get ACTUAL rep for the PEOPLE of AZ, not special interests.  SHAME!
Tell us Jeff, what is your reasoning!?
What are you talking about? #50 in public education is being successful? It is going to be so easy to vote you out. #flakeout2018
Fucking right. Thanks for the division of developmental disabilities/laura live/lead gibbs/Nicollet fidel 4 paying sx offenders for rsp.
Successful? Only if you're an Arizona businessman. If you're a student or teacher, too bad so sad.
Bunk!
It was a disaster for everyday Arizonans. No background checks on gun laws, ESA expansions, so just congratulate the AZ Chamber of Connerce.
Your definition of successful is not shared by AZ teachers.
Is it successful to approve a 2% salary increase for teachers.... over 5 years?!
There is ONE reason why we have a shortage of teachers.
Oh Jeffrey....
Yes congrats! Thanks for fucking over our state
Unsuccessful! They failed to provide adequate funding to our schools and teachers! We don't need more school choice, we need funding!!
You're about as out of touch with what's 'successful' as @dougducey, @SenJohnMcCain, and #exSheriffJoe
There is a lot occurring in Washington and you make the most bizarre comments.
wow you are a disgrace to humanity!
Yeah because signing legislation that you dont have to be educated to be a teacher is "successful". Go back to DC and serve fearless leader.
Interesting how there was an issue over funding teachers raises, yet there was enough to cut over $100M in taxes. ALEC must be pleased.
Once again @JeffFlake ignores his constituents and goes for corporate profits over people. But we won!!! #ShakeFlake @DesertDissenter
FYI Flake, if it wasn't for Trump, hardly anyone would be on your back right now. He got us watching you and @GOP. Think about that.
Except they can't figure out how to keep teachers from leaving the state
Yes, congratulations on ignoring every single thing the majority of your constituents, the people who ELECTED you, wanted. #byefelicia
ask a teacher how successful it was.
Will you ask for a waiver @dougducey if @JeffFlake votes for the #AHCA which will take health care away from 400K Arizonans? #AZDiein
No Jeff. Your line was, "The firing of James Comey was suspicious and I support all investigations into collusion with #TrumpRussia"
If by successful you mean gutting our ability to get citizen propositions on the ballot & not giving teachers a decent raise.@AZ_Indivisible
Let's have a Special Prosecutor now. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Successful for whom??
Really?
Seriously?
they've ruined the public schools
Successful for whom?
Really?  Our public education system, our teachers and our kids took a huge beating.
What do you find successful about him... Oh maybe that u r both sleazes.
How can allowing puppy mill pups to still be sold in Arizona be called successful? #banpuppymills
Flakes family has a rough history with animal cruelty...
oh, yeah. Teachers got a whopping 2 per cent raise. Wooohooo!
Stand up, AZ neighbor. Stay clear and help clean this mess up. D.C.
Dont worry about Healthcare being the reason you're voted out 2018 it will be because you didn't act on getting an independent investigation
Even conservatives in Arizona are talking about primarying Flake. It's about time he did something SOMEONE agrees with
Yay they ruined education and did a bunch of other horrid things! Brava!  
Successfully limited citizen involvement in elections, continued to under-fund schools, and ID'd as most corrupt legislature in nation! Win!
Congrats to Russia. On successfully destroying America and welcome to the WH we can be best friends. What sanctions oh never mind.
If you think this was successful you need to get out of your Chamber of Commerce-private school bubble.
Figured out Trump's timing yet?
Hi, don’t tweet, call! Reps log every call. ID yourself as an AZ resident and demand a special prosecutor. I did today. Flake (602) 840-1891
I already did that, Dennis. And sent messages through Resistbot. Multi-media messaging.
Brilliant
Seriously? They've screwed education and Arizona children for the past decade plus. Out of touch there in DC, huh?
Our elected officials are out of touch with the American people and they work for us.
Trump was not elected king or dictator in chief!
You're disturbed about Trump firing Comey.  What will you do about it?
