Senator- there are a lot of "silent" people behind you! #maga #cupcakesgohome #conservativesrule
You must have a crazy long commute(IA?)! Are you actually one of his constituents?
I am and for most things I agree with him. But he is not conservative enough for me.
Then on those things U don't agree. R there NE issues that U have (a more) liberal view? Would U want him 2B conservative on those issues?
I do my "talking and shouting" at the ballot box. If you go to a meeting and don't let him talk and you listen, then why go to the meeting?
Yes, but will you listen to your constituents about #PlannedParenthood & #ACA & #TitleX ?
Not likely. He's counting on the fact that most people vote for the letter after the candidate's name.
That's why we all need to register as independents so districts and voting are private. Americans need to bleed purple.
More importantly; we need to vote based on candidates' stance on issues (and whether or not their record is consistent with their words).
Candidates say what they think their party wants to hear. If they don't know what we r, they have to show us who they r
Good for holding one Senator Flake, it's exactly what it's about. I know the constituents aren't as cordial as corporate donors, but...
It's a good first step to hearing the people instead of those suitcases full of corporate cash that bought our internet privacy and...
If you met with the peeps as much as you sit and listen to the troubling concerns of your corporate overlords, then you might be well on....
Your way to representing the wonderful, caring and beautiful residents of the Best State. Let's do it again next week, in Tucson.
We can talk about your concerns. We will listen. Is Comcast or Exxon being stingy with the loot? Tell us Jeff! Have a great evening!
Sorry Joe, I missed your reply with this darn new system! I am, good Sir, a socialist, those dems are way too conservative, am I right?
You do have me pegged, I'm so lazy I work for the government! Hahaha! Talk about handouts Joe! It's bananas!
I hope you heard the people. We are not going to be silent.
Jeff I hope you listen to the people that voted for you as that is who you owe.
He actually works for every citizen in his district, not just those that voted for him
Can they withdraw tax money that pays his salary? NO. He represents ALL. Stop with the stupid.
So your theory is he should run on a certain platform but then change because you say he represents u?  That is what elections r 4
As Mr Obama stated "elections have consequences". If you can get enough people to vote Jeff out and find someone with your views great.
Until then he owes it to those that put him in office to follow through with what he promised  not those that oppose his promises.
My observation Flake (gotta love that name) states OWN opinion basis of voting rather than constituents. He admitted & is NOT representing.
Have some more! 1 every 6 years isn't enough. if that's the case, it might be your last one as senator. #FlakeOut18 #ShakeFlake
People do not like the direction Trump is going or lack of oversight by Congress; smirked the whole town hall ... I hope you lose your seat
Oh, and do review your voting record regarding background checks for firearms purchases. Glad to hear you are now ready to support.
Thanks for hosting. ...Took you long enough. Funny you wait until after the illegitimate SCOTUS nominee was confirmed to do it.
Yeah, they weren't exactly cheering you on but thanks for showing up. Your donors are going to be pissed .
Btw, Israel...
Or, stop voting straight party line and start listening to ALL of your constituents.
To bad you didn't answer many of the questions.  Your smirks and grins were not appreciated.
Ohio representative  refused  to hold them .@PatTiberi @stevestivers @SteveChabot @SteveChabot running scarred
As for PP stop calling ur self pro-life. Ur only pro-birth. U don't understand science & no business deciding other ppl's health care.
It's too bad you don't agree with your constituents and don't work with our interests in mind.
Most repeated statement out of his mouth tonight, "I disagree."
No Flake 2018!
It took you into your 6th year as a senator to see what Democracy looks like. Maybe time to find a new job or go back to being a dentist
You confirmed Mr. Ryan Zinke:
Ryan Zinke has overturned a ban on #hunting with lead bullets. They kill Bald #Eagles by lead poisoning. The War on #Environment continues 
Its really scary that a US Senator is utterly clueless
#trumpgang INDICT @GOP @NRCC @NRSC @USAGSessions @Cabinet Tillerson Ross DeVos Chao @mike_pence @POTUS GRAFT TREASON #trumprussia
We need to repeal the XVII. Then our elected senators would work for the state that sent them to D.C. ALSO we need @USTermlimits
Esp Deja Foxx, amirite?  C'mon, man. You were on @waitwait. You were supposed to be one of the good ones.
But did you listen to your constituents? You didn't answer all the questions that's for sure! Too bad you'll be saying good bye in 2018! Bye
Oh, and have you figured out how Solar Power works yet?  Um.. Yes, it also works at night when the sun is down  <Blink>
Considering we've been engineering batteries since 1748, it seems as if someone may have made something to power houses at night... maybe.
Handouts to wealthy is not fiscally conservative AT ALL. Israel has not signed the NNPT. $4B handouts is NOT financially responsible.
Please hold these more often! I was in line at 6:30 and didn't get to ask my question.
Like it would have mattered, he didn't care what anyone had to say.
Better tread carefully and listen to your constituents - Muy importante  Jeff! Don't loose track
Democracy is voting what your constituents want. Can't wait for you to be submitting job applications in 2018
Just taking lessons from the Tea Party.  The difference, we actually know what we're protesting.
Step down Jeff Flake!! You work for us!!
The problem is, @JeffFlake doesn't work for us!
That's the problem!!
How glib. What you should have said: "I'm so humbled to have been shown the chasm between us. I'm sorry. I understand now." #FlakeTownHall
Hate-filled progressives harass our Representatives. 

Muh resistance
Awwww.. no hate here sir! Just the refusal any longer to being sold to highest bidd- I mean donor. Time for leaders that know how to lead.
Then why did you support a candidate that took $100's of millions from wall St and foreign governments????
What really is democracy is ACTUALLY acting in the best interest of EVERYONE you represent. #FakeFlake #TownHall
Yeah I bety you really loved that. Do your job. Put country ahead of party. It's time you quit pandering to those rich doners.
Scott Pruitt is a threat to national security. You need to explain to your constituents why you support him. He is jeopardizing water.
ThAt was bold, you had to know the alt left would come in would take over the event from everywhere.
AZ questions if you listened to them. From AZ constituents
There were no questions, those were statements, most can be found as a guide from the radical left to get what they want.
#knucklehead
Um, he did. I was there.
He did but context matters.  Batteries can't currently (ha!) hold juice to power a city overnight.  Check Snopes.
The oxymoron here is supporting our Christian president who's views clash with pope Francis. Jeff is a fraud!
Senator Jeff Flake
smirked and dodged constituents.
#2018, sir.
#NationalHaikuPoetryDay
Nooooo, democracy looks like you representing the full diversity of your constituency. Oh yeah, and #countrybeforeparty !
You did good staying & taking questions. I hope you not only listened but also HEARD our concerns We are ALL your constituents Rs & Ds alike
Can we stop with the mythology that prior to ACA healthcare was "free market"?  It was an employer/insurance based market.
and people forget, rates were 20% annual increases for healthy people.
I hope you're reading these replies. You have very little support in AZ & across the US, time for deep reflection of you got here.
I hope you listened to your constituents! Remember who you represent! Don't just vote PARTY Line!!
Why hold a town hall just to talk at people, town halls are for listening. You should have just said you don't care what voters think.
Almost makes me wish I lived in Arizona so I could not vote for you!!  
I will not vote for him in your honor.
And my honor. Because I respect the AZ ecology and the well thought out position of the constituent who discussed migrating animals. Thanks.
I think you need to also post the video of those screaming for you to do your job.
Listen to your constituents. You speak for us.
Is there video available??
I think it's great that unlike most of your R colleagues, you show up. Please support Solar Energy, there are batteries for night.
Reply to Dasha Fox from Tuson:PPH doesn't need to funded by my taxing paying dollars for her to have a better life. Government to defund PPH

.@JeffFlake 
Using the word "democracy" does not prove you practice it. Your Town Hall expressed how most who learn about you feel.
Can't wait to see you go.
why is it your right to take away my rights?
.@JeffFlake 
(1) Facts about LDS/Mormon Church many may not know: till 1978, men of what LDS considered "black African" descent could not
(2) enter "Priesthood," in LDS somewhat akin to Confirmation or Bar Mitzvah & generally occurs for all boys/young men beginning age 12.
(3) Why the change in 1978? LDS will tell you b/c of a Revelation, but coincided w/LDS expanding & - no joke - having difficulty attempting
(4) to determine which boys/men had ANY "black African" ancestry, (hey, LDS: we ALL do), & in some parts of Africa, LDS obviously was having
(5) tremendous difficulty finding enough people who qualified for Church leadership pos'ns b/c they had to be male, non-homosexual, and key:
(6) have, by whatever messed-up way LDS measured this (sounds like 1860 USA time-warp), NO black African ancestry. (Hint again: We all do.)
(7) Regarding the 1st self-created problem, LDS had a lot of Brazilian converts, which many believe had much to do with the "Revelation,"
(8) but LDS was having tons of problems all over the globe, anywhere people didn't have lily-white skin. Interestingly, LDS leasership had
Question is: are your lights on?
A/I 1st thought Easter was not day to publicly Q your hypocrisy/motives, but I realize it's the ideal day. PLEASE DO NOT SUPPORT @JeffFlake
B/Believe you're a Mormon/LDS. Although .jpg I'll post is from @Wikipedia "Mormons," particularly b/c cited source I'll post is so clear,
C/I suspect you'll agree w/statement in .jpg below from 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mormons?wprov=sfsi1 …

But more than that,
D/I assume you claim to agree with the principles stated in the document I've linked (which @Wikipedia .jpg cited).
https://www.lds.org/manual/for-the-strength-of-youth-fulfilling-our-duty-to-god?lang=eng&_r=1 …
E/Apart from the issue of abortion (& if you put that in play, look at DJT's history & honestly amswer to yourself & God if his "view" now
F/is just polit. expediency), please explain HOW you justify supporting a man in so many ways, voting for so many policies that absolutely
G/are in contravention of:
https://www.lds.org/manual/for-the-strength-of-youth-fulfilling-our-duty-to-god?lang=eng&_r=1 …
and this little .jpg, among other parts of even the @Wikipedia entry.
Can't believe 16YO girl asked, "I can't get free birth control. Why are you denying me the American Dream?" SHE'S denying HERSELF the Dream.
Then why don't u REALLY CARE ABOUT THEM AND LISTEN for once.
Oh is that what democracy looks like? Looks more to me like people calling you out on your bullshit.
vote him out, channeling Mitch McConnell
You liked being booed?
@JeffFlake 
1/Democracy kicked your proverbial ass. (Sorry for lang.) Glad you had guts to show up, but for 2.5 hrs
2/you were DESERVEDLY shredded re: cruel policies & support re: the unstable/incompetent/corrupt POTUS you support via votes & more.
where's your response to #PLANEDPARENTHOOD rights 
Q from your white middle-aged privileged point of view?
yeah....so....unfortunately your constituents don't feel YOU are what democracy looks like. #shapeUp
You do know there are these things called batteries that allows one to store solar energy and have power at night, right?
Your smart ass, vulgar, slimy response to you being privileged shows everything wrong with @gop and you.  #outoftouch
Wait until 2018 to see what democracy looks like.
What a bull shit answer you gave that girl who questioned you about planned parenthood.
To bad you don't give a shit about anything they said. Your political agenda does nothing to support the people of Arizona.
Flake is a hemorrhoid we need to rid ourselves of!
How is it @JeffFlake's life of privilege since birth allows him to take away the rights of those "beneath" him ?
WE THE PEOPLE will ensure you're out of a job if you cut PP, ACA, and choose party over country.
Boy, you got raked over the coals by a 16 year old with more intelligence and grace than you could ever dream to have
How about asking the President's for his tax returns? More help than harm?
Glad you went face to face , but I am worried that you are still not addressing the concerns about Trump and Russia.
It's a valid question-Why are you, middle aged white man, trying to legislate women's bodies & access to birth control? Just answer the ?
So you have no idea how solar power works, huh?
Hope you realize your constituents want you to DO YOUR JOB - put country before party. Represent us for a change. We're ready for midterms.
Progressive and proud MA lib here.  Disagree with you on EVERYTHING, but admire you for having the cajones to face the people. NOT A FLAKE
spend some time boning up on solar power & how it is saved in battery form so lights @ night. You don't deserve your position.
Glad you enjoyed. Looks like you won't have many more, tho, after they vote your sorry privileged  ass out of office in the next election.
This $7/yr legislation makes people responsible for the kind of gov't they want. They choose their candidates, who do no more fundraising.
Hey Jeffrey ..."thank you for staying alive" Wow.  You should looking for a new job.
Flake! Flake! And flake on and on! Flake!
Americans know about your lack of understanding concerning renewable energy & we think you're a #Flake
Why are u and other members of Congress AFRAID of Donald Trump? You're the ones with the power!
Did you have any real Republicans at your town hall?  A lot seem mad at your vote for DeVos. Teachers union must have attended.
your values should not supersede my values.
Don't expect to keep your seat #2018
Democracy is you getting schooled by a 16-year old girl at your town hall. Perhaps you learned something.
Do you think you didn't grow up privileged on the family ranch due to the family history of polygamy? Or....?
Voted NO on letting shareholders vote on executive compensation. Rated 14% by UFCW, indicating pro-management voting record. Against worker
Rated 27% by the ACLU, indicating an anti-civil rights voting record. (Dec 2002) Rated 0% by the HRC, indicating an anti-gay-rights stance.
@JeffFlake Voted YES on making the PATRIOT Act permanent. (Dec 2005) He wants to spy on you without a warrant.
@JeffFlake Voted NO on regulating the subprime mortgage industry in '07 which caused financial collapse of '08
@JeffFlake Voted NO on $60B stimulus package for jobs, infrastructure, & energy. (Sep 2008)
@JeffFlake Voted NO on monitoring TARP funds to ensure more mortgage relief. (Jan 2009)
@JeffFlakeVoted Voted NO on modifying bankruptcy rules to avoid mortgage foreclosures. (Mar 2009)
It is only a democracy when u actually listen to the people, hear what they are saying & act on it.U put your party 1st & screw the people.
Attended. Yes. You listen. No. Guess that's democracy.
Hey Flake: 1 simple question: Are you REALLY this ignorant or are you just conning the fools you need to hold office? Dare you to answer.
Good being there ... your messages helped me decide to give money to kelli ward! You and her vote the same any way.  U r mitch pet mormon
that 16 year old gave you a lesson in Democracy! Your beliefs shouldn't impede the liberty of others #TownHall
With your male only , protect the rich, marrow mindedness . I am 59 - have daughters 12 and 14 - to me and them, you are thoughtless....
And destructive - we will fight you and your privileged Trumpian ilk at every turn. We will prevail and you will fail!
I'm so disappointed in you I don't care if Trump's President you look very much like a HYPOCRITE that is standing up for Racist Conman Trump
I just  the 16yo school U on UR privilege.  I wish I lived in AZ so I could vote against U Sending2 UR opposition in nxt election. #resist
I hope you listened to the 16 yr old who schooled you! These are your constituents!   Hear them roar!!!
I hope you learned from an intelligent, articulate 16 year old woman. Yes- middle aged white men are taking women's healthcare away
Good you showed up to face your constituents. Still hope you'll be out of a job. You need time to ponder your corruption. #Flakeout2018
Sounded more like a rehearsed temper tantrum!  DEVOS YES!!! Teachers Union more worried about themselves!  I support Charter Schools!
Don't worry Senator Flake. An orchestrated Democratic protest will not sway your base of republican supporters. We have your back!
It's all bullshit
The people that shut you down are why we will never vote Democrat ever, they sound like some occult
Not really!  Where's all the Trump supporters to drown out these nut jobs!  Thanks for standing firm for Pro life! PP is an excuse!
My husband & I watched you get yelled at my your voters during town hall meeting.  It sucks to be you right now.
Because my mom let me be born, I've lived the Am. dream- 1st in my fam. to graduate univ. I'm a teacher and cared for my mom her last days.
I'm the result of an unplanned teen preg. I might not have been born if PP had the influence it does today.
#DejaFoxx is right she needs your support You looked like a fool
It's just to bad that you will not listen or even consider doing anything thing that asked of you...Maybe you are working for Putin instead
Did you really say that solar equals no lights at night? LOL
If you vote for your district not your party- that is democracy.
True #democracy is that you choose people over party line. Challenge @POTUS on Fl, protect ACA and don't build the wall
remember, if you don't listen to US, you will be sent packing. Tick tock
You showed up. Did you listen to the people you represent?  Please read how solar power works before you vote on any energy bills
You heard but did you listen. Sadly, you still put party before people. Big big problem.
"I disagree"
I get the feeling you didn't hear one fucking thing the people told you...don't bother running again we are going to VOTE YOU OUT!
Democracy is a girl calling you out for violating her rights.  Your reply to her was pathetic.  You realize that PP video was fake, right?
CountryABOVEparty!!!
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TREASON
Chicken hawk POS, just like your lord trump.
The non answer you gave the 16 yo woman says it all. Step Down.
Your condescending smirk , as constituents,who PAY YOUR SALARY,asked ?'s  was foul and repugnant, just like your too tight pants. #fireflake
"Pretty sure those are protestors." @VancityReynolds @my_darling_deja
I especially enjoyed the inquiry about choosing your party or your constituents.
Actions, not words.
Too bad you don't seem to care that your  constituents are upset with you putting party politics over the needs of the American people.
When you call his D.C. Office press option 7.
Did you hear us???  We are NOT HAPPY with you!
If you're in Tucson flake can be reached here 520-575-8633
If you're in Phoenix he can be reached at 602-840-1891
Here's Jeff flakes number to protest 202-224-4521
Tax march tomorrow. To protest your support to keep the presidents taxes a secret
Keep doing what you've been doing. I appreciate your weekly reports and all the great things you do to #MAGA  Thank you
Good on ya, Jeff!  Even as a Democrat I always appreciate rationality on the other side as well
Thank you for doing this - tough as it is, you will show you're a voice of reason after Trump implodes
What's your next job going to be?
Wow you dodged every question Bye Bye Flake in 18 Don't stand a chance Thought LDS members didn't lie hmmmmmmmm sure did a lot last night
