What judicial process?  There was none.  Glad you are retiring.
It did, including a pardon.
You should be ashamed yourself. What a disgraced, fake GOP.
That is why you will lose your next election.
He did follow "the process". He is the executive part of "the process" whether I agree or disagree with the pardon.
Of course you would have. If only you wanted Hillary to be held accountable for her many crimes
it isn't your call, so why not just shut up about it?
A REAL American would demand the president honor the judicial process.
I would prefer if you just shut up Who cares, the guy is 85 yrs.old! Let's discuss the murderers that Obama released from jail!
We would prefer you shut your trap till Dr. Ward replaces you.
Grow a pair and stand up for Arpaio.. He, Sir was doing exactly what the law required. All Mexicans look somewhat alike, Right?
The leftists judicial process is corrupt! Why no trial by jury?
Flake the snake will be gone soon 

I'm counting the days ...
Judicial Process? When did that happen? No trial, just hand picked Judge Misruling on Laws being enforced.
Sheriff joe was doing his job your version of justice is warped and twisted  typical Libtard  JFK 2 SDD
Sherriff Joe should get a medal and a statue for standing up for the law and what is right.The senator is again clueless.
WRONG !!!!
Obama administration allowed thousands of DACA recipients to EXPLOIT an immigration law loophole to obtain green cards! Let's talk LAW...
Where was your outrage when O planted Syrian "refugees" into American cities, who raped & murdered women & children?
Remember the Brothers 2 the Rescue-1 of them a Viet Vet? GH gave them up. U & O lied to their grieving families that GH won't b released
Like u & O when carried out the pardon of Gerardo Hernandez communist spy/murderer/terrorist & his release back to Cuba as a conquering hero
As you were ok with obama's pardon of a terrorists and against @potus of Joe, we can see what side of humanity you live in!
You thoughts on OBOZO's pardons?
In plain English Trump pardoned his racist BFF
In plain english, Trump paroled a sheriff upholding the LAW OF THE LAND. Want 2 b here, come through LEGAL IMMIGRATION process.
Ha, Ha, Sheriff Joe wasn't Guilty of anything! Just pissed some people off! Arrested ILLEALS who by definition are Criminals WTF?
PLEASE Arizona!!, vote this 'lowlife' out of office!
ITS OK FOR OBAMA TO PARDON TERRORIST, BUT NOT TRUMP FOR PARDON ON A MISDEMEANOR. THATS WHY REPUBLICANS DO NOT LIKE U. VOTE U OUT OF OFFICE
Many Americans are upset that a judge had the audacity to "order" an officer of the law to stop enforcement of said law.
Many Americans would have preferred that Mr. Arpaio had not been convicted for following both State and Federal law.
I will appreciate it when you are sent packing by Kelly Ward. Very soon, very soon!
My opinion is that the "president" is trying to incite civil unrest with this and other actions. He's doing a good job, too.
seems like the dems & u like witch hunts.
If the judicial process was really at work they would have found him upholding the law, not breaking it,
But you are OK with Obama pardoning drug dealers and violent criminals??? Arpaio was a political lynching. #FlakeisaFlake
Most Amers. agree in this. We have prob in the WH. It's name is trump N like cancer needs to be eradicated. U and McCain can be natl heroes.
https://townhall.com/columnists/humbertofontova/2017/09/02/sen-flake-denounced-trumps-pardon-of-sheriff-arpaiobut-applauds-obamas-pardon-of-cuban-terroristspies-n2376280 …. What's your excuse for this?
Where was your opinion on Obamas pardon for criminals, drug lords & traitors like Chelsea manning & releasing his gitmo terrorists friends 
We American Patriots recognize the liberal judicial activism against rule of law and Sheriff Joe. We prefer you get a clue. Pelosi owns you.
Wow, people are bulling you on Twitter. This world~~

Thanks for not being a blind follower.  I liked your interview. I grew up amongst decent republicans and respected them. Now? Not so much.
AMERICA WANTS JOE PARDONED EXCEPT YOU...THE LIBERAL FROM ARIZONA!
Good one!!! Bravo 
where was your outrage when Obama pardoned a terrorist? Where was your outrage when Obama pardoned a treasonist?
We might give Joe your job as we see your days are numbered.
Your a dope.  Get over it!
, talk is cheap.  I'd have preferred that the men of the GOP, the supposed family values party, had morals, any morals at all.  
If we had one, he might have honored it. As long as Hillary is free, we don't.
Enjoy your last term.
I am glad he got pardoned.  I think it was right.
Ever wonder why you are 25pts behind?   Probably because voters don't like your preference.
What about all the terrorists that Obozo pardoned Jeff???
Nothing to say about that???
Figures
So when Obama let all those criminals off the hook not one tweet or comment?!? You will be out of a job next year.
is that what you would have preferred? You're fired.
LIKE YOU HONOR IT FLAKE YOU DON'T HONOR THE CONSTITUTION! YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT SOON!
Disgusting Flake. Those comments will absolutely get you gone. Stop working for the Illegals, Americans need to be represented.
LMAO the justice system has NOT worked for AMERICANS in a long time!! Illegals on the other hand... Tie the hands of Arpaino.....
How long before you switch to the democrat party?  You have no chance as a rhino. Anti-Trump means anti-flake.
Did Clinton do that? Did Obama do that?? Didn't think so...shut up and do your job
Sen.Flake with all respect your wrong as hell!
What a phony.
Yes Comrade! 
Nazis pardoning Nazis, this is outrageous!
We need you and John McCain and Paul Ryan to take over the republican party.
Congrats on falling 29 points behind Kelli Ward!!  Wow...you're even a bigger loser than we already thought, Flake!  Buh-bye!
Keep resisting the will of the people.....how's that going for you?
A tidbit of advice, don't pay attention to polls, pay attention to votes.
You have snubbed @POTUS at every turn, no surprise here. I know where my vote is going, Kelli Ward up 25 points! Goodbye Senator #MAGA
I would have preferred your son call a vet instead of piling 20 dead/dying dogs in a shed.
Well said.
You're name's an accurate description of you. You're a flake.And a RINO traitor to America.Do like McCain should do. Resign & die
Your commitment to principles may come at a political price, but your willingness to take that risk proves you're a true public servant.
When did you have any communication with Sheriff Joe to hear his side? Try never! We will make sure you don't return for another term
@POTUS
Go back to the dark hole you crawled out of! Traitorous filth is all you are and no one cares what you have to say anyway!
Isnt this part of the process?
And then pardon him? Don't see a big difference.  He did the right thing.
Jeff Flake, the NYTimes' favorite for the senate. Says it all.
Laugh my ass off we support what Trump did and appreciate you letting us know that it's time for you to go. Sending my money to AZ to help
Cause you're a ballless little sow
Flake is more principled than most in Congress & shouldn't be pilloried or booted out for speaking the truth. I am not a R, btw.@JeffFlake
Thanks Senator-appreciate your take-and agree with it.  Rule of law is a bedrock American principle
What is there to pardon if he has not been tried and convicted? I think this is a test run for pardoning himself prior to due process.
I disagree with your point of view completely.  You are not remembering all the good Sheriff Arpaio did for Arizona.
My husband says we hired the man to do a specific job and now You want to punish him for doing a good job.
Joe Arpio  should be in charge of the Border Patrol   Those here Illegaly   Are Parasites   JFK 2 SDD
Yeah thought the same thing about countless others freed yet no stink just when Trump does it THANK YOU MR PRESIDENT GOD BLESS U
stupid decision because now you're going 2 lose your election so who's laughing now looks like the sheriff
You might have a point if Arpaio had been allowed a jury trial as the Constitution demands. He wasn't, so you don't.
In fact, denying him a jury was integral in the Democrat hit job from the beginning, but you, a Senator "in the know" took the Democrat side
You need to be replaced ASAP.  You are part of the back biting GOPe problem.  If only you weaklings were half as tough on Obama.
#MAGA
Did you say the same thing when Pres Obama pardoned Bradley Manning or Oscar Lopez Rivera or when Clinton pardoned Mark Rich?
Well, I would have preferred Obama honor the judicial process rather than freeing terrorists leaders from Guantanamo Bay.
I certainly know who I'll not vote for come election, anyone who does not stand by shieff Joe and President Trump does not deserve my vote
Regarding Arapio conviction and allowing it to run its course...The rest of us would just like you to do something to earn your pay.
So would I the Illegal would not let Joe do his job! So the Best President in decades.  Protected the one trying to keep the Law!
We don't care what you think, you and worthless McCain are OUT next election
#DrainTheSwamp, Flake is next, #MAGA, Buh-by
Yeah that's why you not president and soon won't be a senator; you suck
The judge didn't honor that process
You need to be DRAINED from the swamp with the rest of the liberals that are trying to destroy America
Judicial? What good is waiting/judicial process that lib judges have been terrorizing ALL in community by letting rapists/pedophiles loose?
Lib/fed judges are releasing rapists,pedophiles,murderers/letting them out the back door, refusing to charge THEM.What good is that for any?
We are fed up with what you would prefer.  Do what your constituents (me) WANT! Make America Great Again!
Which is why I prefer Kelli Ward in the upcoming primary.
Your preference is irrelevant !!!!!!
Like Clinton and Obama huh
yeah Jeff?? What about the 3,500 CRIMINALS Obama pardoned and let out of jail free cards? Lifers and all. Where were you then?
Sheriff Joe is a great man and a great American. The majority of conservatives support Pres. Trumps decision to pardon Sheriff Joe. Bite me!
Flake resign you will be out of office soon. Mcstain ally
Resign Flake. You are part of the swamp!
Your OWNERS don't care that you're going to lose in the AZ primary do they @JeffFlake ? They MAKE you act against your self-interest. Sad
And we would prefer you not being a senator. #canthaveitall
Everybody vote this fool out of office!  #GOP  #Republicans  #PresidentTrump  #MAGA
I would have preferred that you support @POTUS , and now prefer to vote you out!
You mean how Obama did when pardoning traitors? How about his excessive illegal EOs?
No one really wants your opinions because you don't listen to the people who voted you in. Goodbye next election!!!
If Arpaio wasn't set up by a corrupt system, I would agree, but he was set up, they are corrupt, so the President was right in pardoning him
Judicial process my a$$ he obeyed the law unlike the POS OBAMA handing our nation over to F'N Muslims & terrorist as well as illegals. KMFA
@realDonaldTrump antifa should be arrested on the spot! Jeff Flake is really a democrat right? McConnell is the swamp so is Paul Ryan! -u
Might have gone along  if it were  a jury trial.
You're going to lose the election, too. So it doesn't matter what you think. Those thoughts aren't representative of your base.
Accepting the pardon means also a guilty plea. Can he run for office as a felon?
Would you have preferred Obama did the same?  Didn't run your mouth about that did you?  You people have no shame!
it takes bravery in the face of adversity to make tough decisions, @JeffFlake you're not a leader.
Of Course you would RINO, we have seen your dirty work and we're gonna do something about it, put you on unemployment!!!!

I would prefer you shut up. Sheriff Joe was railroaded for political reasons and you know it!
What's your problem.  When an honourable man stands up for the Constitution you want to take the opposite course.
judicial process that convicted him WITHOUT a jury?  And for following FEDERAL law instead of Sanctuary law?
If you don't support my President you should keep you're Liberal mouth shut
Well of course you would Flake.  Good news for AZ is: looks like your opinion will soon matter less than it does already.  @kelliwardaz
. What say you?
Me too. Trump undermines everything America stands for! #impeachtrump
xcuse me-America VOTED 4 Trump, so he stands 4 EVERYTHING that we want, unlike this Flake Swamp Dweller
the same judicial process U used when 21animals end up dead at a shelter due 2 ur negligence&u use political powers 2 close case
I cannot agree with you at all.
YOU WILL BE OUT SOON.
F*** Jeff, you are not a conservative Republican and will be Primary'ed ... good riddance!
We will replace you this next election. You are another McCain..No use to we the people at all..We pay your salary...Get out now.
Hey RINO BOY! He was trying to enforce the legal laws of this country and Obamas Judical Dept hacks wanted him to stop to increase dems!
It is time to put this Fake Republican out of office ASAP It is time to get all these fake Republicans out of office
RINO SHUT UP ALREADY FRUIT CAKE
Regarding the Arpaio pardon, u should know it doesn't matter what you or ANYONE thinks. It's Trump's right to do it and whenever he wanted
your the kinda guy that would like the cops stand down and let antifa work it out as well aren't you?
Thank you for having some guts to speak out. Wish more GOP lawmakers would do the same.
Did you raise hell when so called @xychelsea was commuted?
Time For  A Recall JFK 2 SDD
Like the way Obama did? He let out a bunch of criminals go free, they still had jail time.Sheriff Joe was following the law.
Criticizing the POTUS for pardoning (misdemeanor) a Sheriff that has  saved many lives & protected Americans - very poor
I'll be so happy when you are gone. I remember you when you were 1st a rep in 2000. You were conservative then. But got soft on illegals.
It did, he was pardoned. You obstructionist SOBs need to get out of the POTUS way and ,let him do his job. You act like a punk.
What a pathetic response.
I hope he runs and bits you!! Hahaha
Such backbone. 
Getting attacked by #PutinBots I see. The Republican party is faced with either a major overhaul or they plan to tear democracy up by roots
If you want to survive primary and election, you need to wrap #SheriffJoePardon around Trump's and opponent's neck.
We would prefer that @POTUS resign. Please read and RT. Is this what Arizona is about?
#Flake. What's in a name?
