He doesn't know the difference between heel and heal. He misspells regularly.  Our president is an idiot.
Trump speaks gibberish fluently-
If he bothered to do a little homework instead of golfing-he would have had time to practice pronunciation
Thank you. The ignorant left are saying it doesn't exist at all. LOL. It doesn't exactly roll off the tongue.
Only if you’ve never heard it pronounced spoken and the reference in your speech was the first time you’ve read it.
Presidents should take time off from practicing golf to practice their speech before giving it in front of other world leaders & the public
Namibia made a commitment to health as a fundamental human right, & to integrating racially divided communities into one health care system.

Agree. We should focus on “dotard”.
Did they eat Trump Hotel African flavored dishes?
You know full well he has never heard of Namibia. He's not a smart man. Also, it's not hard to pronounce. At all.
Hey genius, did you attend the best business school in the country?
I'm sorry, it's disrespectful. And stupid is not something I want in a president. Oops, too late.
Not that hard to pronounce. Our President should know. He "mispronounced" this two times. I can give a pass the first time.
Miss his ass some other time
No Doubt.. Paying attention to details isn't his long suit..
Really quite a lot like you in that respect.
Voting to throw Millions off HC
He claims to be an educated man, why be easy on him when has been an asshole to everybody!
No, it's not a tricky pronunciation. It's just poor reading skills, lack of effort, and unpreparedness on the part of @realDonaldTrump.
Haha... I've been trying for a while... he's through. A dotard.
No, thank you. He should know the correct pronunciation as leader of the free world. Or he should avoid saying words he can't pronounce
I don't live there but learned to pronounce correctly! Why are you afraid of him? He bullies you.
Nope
Nope.  No pass on that Jeff. It isn't hard to say "Namibia"!  It's really not.
What does it smell like with your head up Trump’s ass. Room for you and Pence?
omg You are a disappointment.
Omg STOP! He is the POTUS! No excuse for such ignorance! Embarrassment to the U.S. just like this excuse! #theworst
So, no. I would expect the president to proof read a speech to the UN in the same way I'd expect a 3rd grader to proof read a book report.
Dotard Covfefe and his all Nambian band #TrumpRussia
I thought it was to late for you to start sucking up to Trump now
We'll give him a break on "Nambia" if you Vote No on #GrahamCassidyBill. He got one thing right, Namibia is getting UHC, so why not USA?
I hear you plan to fuck over Arizona residents by voting yes, so you've lost all right to preach...
Come on senator! Basic geography!
That's a start. Now when are you gonna apologize to Trump on wiretapping??
should we give him a break on pussy grabbing too because vagina is a hard word to say?
Trump takes enough goddamn breaks we don't have to give him anything.
You're an embarrassment as he is.  Hey we still have JM a Senator with a spine
Why are you defending a known #dotard?   Vote no on #GrahamCassidy or lose your relevance.
If you take trumps tiny member out of your mouth, you could pronounce more than Namibia, you could say NO to taking away peoples healthcare.
Any average person can pronounce it. And would never say nambia. Flake is easy though.
Sorry, but NO. When POTUS is mtg w reps from foreign nations, he could bone up beforehand on country names. Not hard -esp if you care.
Trump needs to educate himself before he speaks! He just keeps confirming what an idiot he is!!!!
Good one.  Give me a break.
how about you focus on not taking health care away from millions?
oh..I forgot. you are a Koch puppet
Why are you kissing up to a man who humiliates you at every opportunity? Show a spine.
@SenJohnMcCain
And what country is that?
You do know that he's the president, right?  Details matter. We'll just let foreign leaders call us Amerca, because...tricky pronunciation.
DUDE.  Namibia is hard to pronounce?  SINCE WHEN? Stop setting such low expectations for POTUS.
Voting on a bill without a CBO score is not regular order.  Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill
Then someone should have prepped him. I'm sure you have people that help you with "tricky pronunciations" and you aren't president.
Wake up Jeff or you will be out.
Agreed.  There have been several hurricane and two earthquakes. We shouldn't waste our time harping on linguistic mistakes that we all make.
How can you be so callous to the people of Arizona?  2018 is right around the corner.
Uhm... no. Come on Jeff Flake. The Cyberbully doesn't get easy passes.
Haven't you given him enough breaks? Health care is what you need to focus on.
You're a pathetic excuse maker for that which has no excuse. He's an embarrassment to the U.S.A.  Gonna excuse away "Rocket Man" too?
You're kidding right? He's a world leader. Learn how to pronounce nations and their leaders name.
If its too much to expect the president of the United States to remember the name of a country but you trust him with healthcare #fakeflake
Yes, we'll give him a break on pronunciation because there are so many more important things to be outraged over.
Must have been easier to pronounce when it was called Suid-Weste Afrika.
I don't think we need to keep harping on about it, but NO it's not that tricky a pronunciation. The man is just simpleminded.
You're joking, right? NAMIBIA is difficult to pronounce. Good God, what would you do with Herzegovina?!
Nope. The White House in the USA must be able to prepare planned speech & teach ignoramous Trump how to pronounce.NO PASS
Hell no/ he wanted the Job- so do it correctly
You'll boot 511,000 ppl off healthcare and gut #AZ #Medicaid by nearly $2 billion so you can get your Koch ? #DrainTheSwamp!!!!
On the Fifteenth of Never to the Seventeenth of It Ain't Gonna Happen. 
No
As a resident of AZ, I implore you to vote NO on Graham-Cassidy.  Please add my name to the list of people you will ignore when you vote.
That's funny Flake. Murdering 40 million Americans without Healthcare is not! Vote No or Resign Trader.  Trunp too he is th worst of You all
No thanks. He ought to know better @JeffFlake ... he’s supposed to be the POTUS!!
Only tricky if you're a dumbfuck.
Get him out of office before he destroys the world. Thanks!
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed & agree,really interesting Trump break on Namibia,great country,but Tricky Pronunciation
Easier to give him a break if @realDonaldTrump wasn't a screw up all of the time... pattern of stupidity and unwillingness to learn
Give him a break? Ha ha !!!!
Sucking up to the dotard so he doesn’t campaign against you?
I’m done giving the CIC a freaking break. Shit or get off of the pot. Training wheels are off.
Oh,shut up!
It's his god-damn job.
Nothing tricky about pronounciation.  He's a fool and everyone knows it.  Why don't you admit he's incompetent and do what's right for USA?
Give Arizona a break on health care and vote no on the bill
Who cares Mr. Show Off  that u were in Namibia. Btw..
the pronunciation of Namibia is straight up phonetic.
Again, u r sounding more & more like POTUS. Another mindless tweet in the midst of crises everywhere. 32 mil might lose Healthcare.
Nope- POTUS is held to a higher standard and that includes pronouncing other countries and their leaders names properly.
Why are you cutting him any slack? He's not cutting you any slack by trying 2 fill your job with Kelly Ward. He's a POS. Call him what he is
Jeff, POTUS always makes fun of you, why defend him?
.... nope, no breaks. Ever.
"Namibia" is not at all hard to say, come on,Senator. BO was blasted for saying "ISIL" and "PAHkisSTAHN", DJT didn't struggle.he didn't know
He’s the president. He’s lazy and doesn’t work to learn.
Oh come on.... I am sure he could not find New York on a map.
oh please! stop forgiving mediocrity!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
His writer should be fired and he should spend a few minutes off Twitter reading up on who he's meeting with...
What an apologist.  Can’t you see the irony that you are apologizing for someone that is clearly not qualified to be the president
translation . .   "yes . .  our President is a dope but I would rather defend him on mis pronunciation than his moronic policies"
That man has been given way too many passes!  When did we lose our dignity
He's the freaking president! He should be able to pronounce Namibia.
Exactly how many breaks are we supposed to give him?
Such low bars you are willing to accept! Not us.
He doesn't get a break for being terribly uninformed and you don't for being a trump apologist.
What is wrong with you?
TRICKY? Not really, unless you are illiterate. which one would the potus is not.
I have no breaks left to give.
There's nothing tricky about it.
Senator, the point is that he is an unapologetic cyberbully who sets himself off when he brags about his genes and then says this stuff.
I never lived there, and I can pronounce it and I'm not the leader of the free world.
Give us a break. How tricky is Nam-ib-ia to pronounce? Not at all for a 7 year old. How do you know the dolt didn't mean Zambia anyway?
How can you possibly defend someone that is as clueless as he is?  He would have fired people for less mistakes than he has made.
Funny. Now vote NO  on #CassidyGrahamBill It’s bad for Arizonans. Good for insurers. Think about us. Not them.
Stop defending that A-hole!!
Give ME a break, Senator. Lowering the bar does not make it difficult
lololol
Such bull.  You know what this will do.  Shame on you.  Will you be there to console the families of the thousands who will die each year?
Bro if you're the president you know shit about the pronounciation of nations come on. So funny you are appeasing him now lol Political calc
VOTE NO ON GRAHAM CASSIDY!
. sucking up amplifies your last name.
Not that tricky. Really. I nailed in the third grade. Please don't cover for the incompetent #SoCalledPresident. You're better than that.
You're absolutely right Flakey Flake- it's not Russian- how could Trump possibly know how to pronounce it correctly?!
You should move back @JeffFlake.
Tricky? It is four simple syllables. Na-Mib-I-A. Can you walk and chew gum at the same time? Can the president?
Wow  who shut you up on "speaking out". I thought you were the gov waste watchdog.  Any comment on hhs sec use of pvt planes?
Namibia? Good Lord, I hope this is sarcasm that didn't come through so well in twitter. Because.... Namibia?
Give Arizonana a break. Healthcare is a very tricky and complicated business. Guess what piece is not complicated? Medicaid. Very efficient.
Sure I'll give him a break.  Now. How about you give us a break and vote NO on crappy health bill, & come up with something worth voting on.
How desperate are you for re-election?
Do Arizona a favor and return there ... permanently.
Not like this is his first and only screw up. He also insulted them by suggesting how the big fat white man profited by colonization. Robbed
Seriously???
Senator, Trump is an idiot many times over. Mispronouncing Namibia is one of numerous signs of his sub-standard education.
Liberals are brutal unless they're the target

Too late to suck up, Jeff. That boat sailed a while ago. You're still on his shit list.
Sellout. #KillTheBill
Americans in need of med svcs need a break!  Do the humane thing & vote NO on ACA repeal until a proper fix is in place. Americans need you!
You're supporting a reckless bill that will kill us. But sure, we're all really interested in the pronunciation of Namibia.
Agreed. I'm MUCH more concerned about him threatening nuclear war, defending white supremacists, encouraging police brutality... U? Namibia
Vote no on Graham/Cassidy or you're on the same sinking boat as the guy you're defending. Soul is spelled S-O-U-L. AZ asks do you have that?
No! He deserves no breaks & neither do you. No on Graham-Cassidy! Have you no shame???
Trump has (he doesn't) so many friends going to African countries to get rich (plunder and rape). He makes America Proud, right?
You're returning a sick diss from Trump with an olive branch. That's Christlike. BTW, Christ healed the sick.
Say no to Graham/Cassidy.
Oh, give me a beak! He's the one who ran for president. That's just stupid. Practice the pronunciation if you're that slow.
Come on he's the president. Don't you usually review speeches before giving? Vote no on this Graham bill!
OMG you have no idea of which lane you are supposed to be in.
His ignorance of world affairs extends beyond just this.
Yah ... no. He's the President, even if he can't figure it out (pretty simple) he has aided that are paid to make sure he knows this.
Being president is a "tricky" job.  If you can master simple pronunciation  how do you master the  issues? How much lower can the bar go?
Be quiet & start working towards a real health care bill that ALL Americans can live with!!!
We don’t care what you think about trump butchering the name, it’s how are you going to vote for health care. AZ to be reduced in funds. NO
Jeff, if Obama had butchered a country’s name like this, you would have been first in line to criticize. No way Trump gets a pass. VOTE NO
Something that is not worth tweeting about given EVERYTHING ELSE people have given him a "break" on...come on Jeff!
Let's end flakes career and elect Kelli ward as republican nominee
Namibia. Nambia. Narnia..?
No, t-rump does NOT get a pass! He wants to be a f*cking world leader, he needs to learn the names of the countries he's commenting on!
Thank you for saying something nice about our President.
No, and now you must live in Fantasyland if you think that Graham-Cassidy is any kind of replacement for ACA. Who are you trying to kid?
Nothing complicated at all unless you're stupid.
making excuses for a soon 2 b impeached failure. Focus on protecting families healthcare. Dare u to go back home and explain 2 u’r fam
??? U’r baseline is that the leader of the free world shouldn’t be able 2 correctly pronounce current countries? Terrible plan 4 a ‘18 run!
Namibia is pronounced just as its spelt. Why is that difficult?  I'm shocked  he managed to get the other countries right.
I will give him a break on pronunciation. I will not give him, or you, a break when it comes to cutting healthcare for millions of Americans
Ok now you're just kissing his butt.. could you be more obvious?
Then why does #GrahamCasiddy allow them not to? These protections should be in the law to remove all doubt.
Sen. Jeff Flake says he has absolute faith governors will keep pre-existing condition protections http://cnn.it/2fDjmcY  
And wtf does that have to do with anything other than you kissing his red chapped ass. 
How about nah. He's the president. And it's not tricky pronunciation.
It's 100% phonetic Jeff.  A third grader could "sound it out."  What's so tricky??
Save us the research, tell us who your donors are. Does one make paper towels? With roots in South Africa and make coke in Myanmar India TX
Is it? Please
Are you kidding me? This is the president not a school kid.
Trump don't speak English yet
It's a shame that our President doesn't care about being respectable, to read his speeches in advance or ask questions. Embarrassing.
Are u seriously defending this guy? His admin is using tax $ to fly private & paying for kids lawyers w/campaign contributions.  WTF Jeff?
Can Trump get a printout of this tweet in his twice daily folder of nice things said about him? Stop kissing up to the demagogue plutocrat.
Tricky? Hardly.
And you give us a break on getting good health care. Vote no on this uncaring bill.
No.
HaHa....
No
No breaks for that piece of garbage, you are spineless. You are such an unabashed hypocrite it really is remarkable.
I applaud you for taking the high road. And spot on. How is a missing "I" newsworthy with all that is going on in the world!?!
Sorry, as leader of the free world, he doesn't get a break. If he can't pronounce the country, he can take 5 minutes and google it.
Nah. Pass. When you represent a country, you should probably learn about a few others, too. He's an embarrassment. Does us all a disservice.
I'll give him a break when he shows he actually cares to learn the pronunciations of countries let alone that he cares about people.
Sure. After you don't vote for this joke of a health care bill
What a failure you have been to AZ #dumpgop
You are about to take health care away from a lot of people in Arizona and you don't care you are serving Your wealthy doners Right good boy
No
