The epilogue: Flake personally called up the activists today and invited them to his office. Give him some credit.
https://twitter.com/ErinMConnelly/status/893570517914968064 …
You don't deserve credit for listening. You will earn credit when you actually vote in the interests of the American people.
It's SO easy to write a feel-good book and go on a media attention tour. It would be harder to oppose POTUS crap agenda with your vote.
You have no balls. You're just another spineless R controlled by monied interests.
No one is moving in on the real true villains,R u a payer 2 fusion gps,part of derbies clan,clinton lover or afraid of them,U all r crooked
You're an INCONVENIENT rinoYou're GONE in '18Bet
John Bush.. another vote that speaks volumes. No matter what u say now, ur votes tell us all we need to know. Integrity vs Party .. u fail!
This is the problem greed and for profit 
Where is united healthcare the biggest rip off in USA, thanks to corrupt AARP!!!
Flake is known for hiding from his constituents unless he's up for re-election. 
#JeffFlakeTheSnake
#MondayMorning #MondayMotivation folks look at jeff flake's supporters.. nothing but Dem traitors! not smart enough to think for themselves
 “TRUMP RALLIES ” #jeffflake is trying to circumvent the PEOPLES WILL. Voters chose #DonaldTrump 4 a reason.
I too wish GOP had denounced birtherism. the party tormented America for years and smeared our good and decent president. Now we get trump
Are you ever BLIND!! Flake allowed the TRAITOR to destroy America!!
@JeffFlake is the epitome of a POS politician who will say or do anything to get re-elected.
God. You're pathetic. Bring knee pads next time.
one term senator
Won't get fooled again @JeffFlake I saw how u voted. Gorsuch. Devos. Sessions. Healthcare. Easy to meet & lie to us now, damage is done.
we need more senators 2 speak out against trump, &if they are getting heat from both sides, that is not going 2 help them do so!
When will you have a town hall in Arizona?
Nope he is a piece of garbage who is no better the the obstruct and resist democrats . We will vote him out in 2018 .
Ur views on immigration will be ur downfall.  Kelli ward will defeat u in a landslide.  Sorry u r a democrat. Far from conservative.
All of us would like this kind of job 4 the  $ u make FROM US,NOT 4 LONG,WE R GETTING SMARTER,GET MORE IN LIKE TRUMP,WITH CHAINS HOLDING HIM
Looks like Antifa the anarchists have a NEW PAL
And thank you for speaking out and saying aloud that we have a delusional, ignorant, bully in the office of @POTUS.
If HRC got in you'd have 2 change yr name. B happy Trump is president so u could keep it.
You're one of the few keeping the GOP tethered to reality. However, your healthcare vote frayed the rope. Plz continue to engage the people!
He's NOT repulbican he's amnesty loving LIB!!!

Bye bye Jeff
Resign & let @kelliwardaz take over. You don't represent #AZ well.
You get zero credit Flake. Your jealous hate of our president is hate towards the American people. We chose him. You are gone in the primary
Comments to yourself flake miserable
Don't think he has 2 worry about that. 2 many think he's going down. Approval ratings in tank.
We voted ya'll in 2 do a job u obviously can't do,so we'll put in more PREZ TRUMP ONES WHO WILL WORK MORE 4 US,STAY MORE DAYS,MAKE LESS $,
Flake u r such a hack RINO we will vote you out
why, all this guy is doing is trying to sell his lame ass book, might as well switch parties too while your at it
You’re getting voted out as*hole
Don't make a Flake mistake and put him back in office.. he is picking up where McCain is leaving off. Flake no longer represents AZ. 
well you're certainly a disappointment as a senator.
You are #DNC.  You should own it.  http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/azdc/2016/11/25/arizona-senator-jeff-flake-re-election/94301730/ …
@TopherSpiro flake will take in and support any liberal stray if it means media time
Rhino,  with no accomplishments except taking orders from traitor McCain.  I hope the Arizonians remember this traitor failure....
No credit. Pathetic representation for Arizonans, Republicans, and Americans!
Short notice?  You think those anti social losers have a job or life to tend to?  They have nothing but time & anger.  #resistreality

Traitor Jeff Flake Vows to BLOCK Trump’s America First Immigration Plan http://truthfeed.com/traitor-jeff-flake-vows-to-block-trumps-america-first-immigration-plan/98775 …
Flake
The entire trump army is mobilizing behind your opponent Kelly ward! We will get rid of you!
#LockHerUP #LockHerUP #LockHerUP  #MAGA
When will you start making a stand on the floor and on the news against Trump? Right now you are trying to sell a book.
Thanks for selling us out w ObamaCare. I hope someone runs against you in the Primary to defeat you. No integrity or character.
You are a huge disappointment. You are not helping the country.

Flake is a fool. A turncoat... Benedict Arnold has nothing on you.
RECALL JEFF FLAKE!!!! RHINO!!! Corrupt politician.
HE IS A DAMN RINO! VOTE HIM OUT!
https://twitter.com/funder/status/894301310933245952 …
I didn't come by the office as I don't live in AZ, but if I did, I'd shake your hand. You are man of principle and I salute you.
I might not agree with you politics but I do have the upmost respect for you for speaking out.
Hey, Jeff, what about: "Last month, Flake joined every Senate R to confirm John Bush, who wrote birther blog posts, as a federal judge."
bi·par·ti·san·ship
Hey Jeff,
You spoke out against the Birther Movement but voted for John Bush(vocal birther).  Explain. Take action with your votes please.
Who really owns you Jeff? Soros ?
Hey Flake, just stop flaking it! Be the liberal you truly are.
I will be contributing to whomever chooses to run against you.  You are a republican in name only.
Jeff, no matter how much u try 2 chase the liberal vote they will never like u. Meanwhile you're screwing the people that put you in office.
Trump is right.  You are a clown.
wake up people JEFF FAKE is nothing but a progressive never Trumper. This freaking guy needs to be voted out at first opportunity. SHAME!!
Flake is a total trainwreck 
@POTUS never trust him & watch whom he runs with
Great “retirement” interview with @chucktodd.  Arizona deserves better
Both you and McCain are paid up members of the swamp. Nothing will change this.
I hope all of you get serious about reckoning with how malevolent repubs have become. That takes ACTION
You're a LIAR to OATH & COWARD to this REPUBLIC. "I'll 'Stand Up Against' Trump's Immigration Legislation" Is this SUPPORT or DEFEND? U-OUT
We all know you are a democrat mole Flake you will be voted out
You people praising this antiTrump anti-American political hack is a disgrace. He's just another self-serving politician.
you're at 17% approval Trump hater - you'll be at Kathy Griffin levels soon-do us a favor & resign now
How does it feel to have an 18% approval rating. U and McCain r done. Won't be reelected.  A beautiful day it will be. Corrupt flake.
Speak the truth about my your party remained silent while Trump was campaigning. Speak the truth.
Saw your poll numbers and they look horrible. You're a traitor to the Party anyways, go work holding a sign on a street corner.

Traitor Jeff Flake Vows to BLOCK Trump’s America First Immigration Plan http://truthfeed.com/traitor-jeff-flake-vows-to-block-trumps-america-first-immigration-plan/98775 …
Oh? Bashing the President of the United States Is Not Working For Flake In His Home State.
yeah
No matter what, this is your last term to be senator. Maybe you should find the next job now
Did not call this activist!
Short notice, so you couldn't bail out again.
@TopherSpiro Will you *listen*?  Will you protect your constituents?  Will you put people before party?
Glad to hear you didn't call the cops this time and instead decided to speak to constituents who are regular people. Good move!
Step down
And us citizens always appreciate when our elected representatives remember they work for us and want to hear from us. Thank you.
We wld appreciate your voting for US not against US;#womensrights #CivilRights #LGBTQ #imigrants #Science #VotingRightsAct #Resist #MAGA /1
#environment #transrights #publicEd #Healthcare Vote for US not against US. #WomensMarch #marchforscience #MarchForTruth #unhackthevote
Please you only have one goal-to get re-elected. #MAGA #liar #fraud
Kudos, Senator.
Hope you get voted out and cuaght for fhe bribes yih have taken fo hamper our great natio . Yiur an emberrassment to my home state.
Trying 2 save ur job?
2018 & #TermLimits
#Russia ends up 100% of #Uranium1 is #PayForPlay chess game
#Mueller in #Democrat pocket
Hes supported by Soros& globalists
Like Ryan hes a pompous traitor 2 america
seems like a radical about face. BUT, i like it. i hope it sticks. #ProtectOurCare #resist
Get some guts and govern!  You're afraid of the extremes! Guys and girls have had their limbs blown off, grow some!
Campaigning already?
:)
kelly on the right
deedra on the left
What  bull. The only thing Flake is trying to do is get elected in 2018. He has done nothing for this state or the people in it.
Amazing how NOW you want to hear from your constituents.  YOU PUT PARTY AND YOUR PAYCHECK above the most vulnerable.   #FLIPTHEHOUSE
Do the right thing for AZ
John McCain on his skinny repeal 'no' vote: "Arizona was about to get screwed, if I may, under this plan." http://bit.ly/2wn5Z6C 
Perhaps it is a little to late..Are you worried about re-election.  Should have thought about Az before the party.
Thank u for inviting us, for listening, & for explaining what some of your goals are in reform of #ACA. @Arizona_Strong
I wasnt invited...Hmmmm
THAT is suprising. Mc Sally should take a page from this book.
I don't agree with Flake on most any policy but have admired his integrity since his House tenure. He & Charlie Dent, best hopes in GOP.
Nice gesture, but we gave him lots of feedback at his big townhall and it didn't change his vote on internet privacy or health care.
Hes an open borders globalist taking soros money
A plant by globalists like Ryan McCain rubio mcconnell- vote them out or kill them
No back bone FLAKE. Hides from constituents votes to kill healthcare. Then he sees the light after McCain leads the way. Just selling books.
he can NEVER take his DeVos vote back. I wrote him about it. I've known him 4 yrs. That one hurt. @TopherSpiro
I can deal w his position on Charter Schools, what is unacceptable is 2 pick some1 totally unqualified and then /2
hypocritically complain about rationalizing Trump. He saw DeVos as a means to an end, just as GoP sees Trump /3
Sen. Flake, I disagree with you politically, but I'm proud to have people like you in my opposition. I have great respect for your integrity
R u on crack?  Integrity?  This guy is a fraud.
Thank you for listening to your constituents, sir. We appreciate the chance to be heard.
Thanks for inviting them, Senator. America needs bipartisanship from its elected officials to achieve the best outcomes.
Sorry but I can't support a person who has voted for Trump over 95%... your questioning of Gorsuch was honestly embarrassing.
How do illegals vote
This is the problem in az
Voter damn fraud
Everyone hates McCain & flake
FLAKE NEWS!
because of your constant bashing of the president.Your approval has gone way down.Keep it up and you lose your voters.
Trump supporters will not support you....
You're a traitor to the Republican Party. If you turn on trump expect to lose your senate seat.
I appreciate you listening, but believe actions speak louder than words.  Please vote to protect the healthcare of your constituents.
Hes voting 2 protect his taxpayer funded hc
Vote him the hell out
Listen 2 Dobbs & Savage
Support our POTUS
Wish I could vote for you.
I did hear you at town hall say you wouldn't vote for what they wanted ...
@TopherSpiro Not sure if you've noticed JEFF but the only ones supporting you are your fellow democrats. You'll all be out soon.
I still remember you forgot Gabby last weeks in #SkinnyRepeal vote.
Thank you for listening.  Nothing is more important than ensuring all Americans have access to quality affordable care & answers aren't easy
Wonder how you will vote when Medicaid, Medicare, SSI is sacrificed for tax cuts for the wealthy once again? I think I know the answer
Repeal and replace
That was a nice thing to do. By all accounts, you seem decent. But your explanation about your healthcare vote still rings false
Jeff, you seem like such a good guy to us. Please reconsider your HealthCare votes.
Better yet, reconsider your GOP-ness.
He has an 18 percent favorability rating. Look at his voting record. He is running for reelection!
Actions speak louder than words. Still waiting.
Why couldn't you meet with these heroes before the healthcare vote last week? Such a convenience you can meet them when the pressure's off
Voted to take healthcare from millions & votes w/@realDonaldTrump 93.5% of the time... Just angling for re-election
ACTIONS > WORDS
well done! we learn so much from talking w/one another, our laws need faces to go with them. In the abstract it's so easy to be partisan.
That was a great thing to do.  I was also impressed with your patience at the airport.  I hope everyone learned something on both sides.
Thanks, Senator.
Props for this. Now walk your talk!--You'll be rewarded w positive media coverage (which will translate into future votes).
You've got my respect, Senator.  Thank you for standing up to the un-American populist wave that is gripping the Trump Administration.
Here you go "Flake"...good luck getting re-elected! #MAGA
Pls get rid of voter fraud& then vote these traitors out
They hate am workers & love illegals& refugees- they want low wages
I really don't wanna like you dang it.
Now that's being a good statesman. And thank you for talking to the people-after all they're your bosses :) you rock!
jumping on the bus.........late
Thank you for meeting with constituents with diverse views!  Way to be a leader!
JEFF FLAKE is nothing but a Democrat Globalist POSING as a Republican. He's a phony flake.
Thank you for doing this!!!
You may vote the way you want but hearing folks along with their hopes and fears is a necessary step that will lead you to the right answer.
Classy move. Well done. Hope that now you might also invite Arizonans w/ pre-existing conditions to chat with you about life before the ACA.
Damn it, Sen. I'm starting to like you!
yep, you stood up for @ deedra2018 too. but, still angry about net neutrality.
Net neutrality is cronyism that allows for big companies to hog up bandwidth.
3/7/17
flake resolution
Wake up Jeff, we are in the middle of a political Cold War.  Quit carrying water for the enemy or switch parties.
I demand you, @JeffFlake , stand up for what is right, regardless of who is POTUS!
Exactly, quit being a globalist RINO !
Thank you!
That makes no sense.
Shut up. MAGA
Just read the Book eh Jeffy?
