... when will we see his birth certificate?
You have some flakey ideas on immigration.  Since all you are doing is gearing up for 2020, why don't you join the Democrat party?
Jeff flake is not a republican. He is a amnesty liberal gang of 8 thug, who wants illegals to invade Arizona and the US. Primary him OUT!!!!
Apparently he's not racist or hateful enough? Republicans have lost their way
Enjoying yourself, maybe you'll see looser John McCain during vaca. Your are headed down the same road as NH Kelly Ayotte, bye bye Congress.
Flake knows he's gone, he doesn't care what happens. He could be as honest/transparent as he wants now.
He is close to brain dead.
Who should replace Flake? Ann Kirkpatrick?
WHEN  will U B SWITCHING 2 Democratic Party?
He needs to we will be voting for @kelliwardaz  who loves US AZ and @realDonaldTrump
She is a HORRIBLE person, but I suppose that is why Trump supporters like her.
Kiss it goodbye because we are firing you along with @SenJohnMcCain .
You were born in Snowflake AZ......Hmm that makes sense now!
U DID BOTHING TO STOP THE BIRTHER ISSUE WITH TRUMP! JUST SAW A CLIP WHERE U SAID U DID ENOUGH! U DID NOTHING & NOW WE HAVE THIS MESS!!!!!!!
Beautiful
Time for you to leave
is that a picture of a McCain supporter rally?
Kelli Ward goes all the way!
All the way DOWN....like Trump.  #Trumpanzees
You are gone pal. We are voting you out. You cannot Repeal and replace. You are ineffective.
Very pretty. It would be a shame to see it nuked because Twitler wants to distract Americans from Putin's piss tape. #TrumpRussia
You're a RINO fraud who will be voted out very soon. You earned it with your opposition to Make America Great Again!

#Trump2020
So are you going to announce your changing parties to democrat
How big was that check for selling our privacy?
Mary, please tell me you are not voting for this man or McCain in '20? If so can we have a discussion?. I can convince you otherwise
I sure am voting for Flake in 2018!
did you go look at McCains retweeters... all of them are evil liberals.. and you support that? sick
Think of all the time you'll have to visit there once elected out in 2018 for being a spineless partisan hack.
Maybe he can take Martha McSally with him.
Arizona needs to replace you! Can't wait for the primary. You need to retire/resign. #MAGA
Flake Picks Immigrants Over GOP Voters
He playing to his Dem donor, Soros. A pathetic puppet.
Perfect last name Flake! Schmuck!
Trump was elected because we WANT his immigration reform, stop obstructing the the will of the American voter!
Is that a snake I see in the grass? Yep its Jeff http://Flake.Man  your last name fitts you perfectly.
Keep TRYING to set a higher standard for the GOP.  Only statesmen will be able to restore our global standing.
You're vulnerable from the right, (though you NEVER vote against Repubs) Grow some spine with VOTES, not just to sell books! #Republicowards
That is a nice picture.  An even better picture will be the night @kelliwardaz  beats you . #rino #byefelicia #pos
If this is a RINO then the republicans are no longer the conservative option.
Tell him to support his president.  Secure our borders.  Support the raise act.  He's been a disappointment ... #Maga
Adios
Please get lost in the wilderness.
Nice book sir. Now let's see you put your VOTES where your cowardly rubberstamping mouth is! Are you OK w/a Russian puppet madman in WH?
At least change your Twitter handle to @RINO
Does it remind you the illegal alien slave plantation you grew up on?
Yer 'bout to be voted out CHUMP!
You Are a traitor @JeffFlake You lied to every American and lied to every Arizona voter! Shame on you! Time2 #MAGA
Are you a Democrat yet?
Jeff Flake! get with the TRUMP and GOP program and stop trying to be your own independent party!  You are not a Conservative but a Poser!
Traitor
Enjoy your your last 16 months in the Senate Jeffie. We are putting Kelli Ward in Senate in 18.
Go @kelliwardaz Go...time to send him full time to the green peaks!
Enjoy your last term as Senator. You are a true RINO
You just handed your seat over to Kelli!
You & McCain lied to get elected. You turned on our president our state Flake. Here in AZ we will be voting for Dr.@kelliwardaz count on it.
I hope Az votes you out
Must be nice to have so much vacation time on taxpayers dime.
Do the American people a favor and stay there.
I bet you get some one to do some of your best ghost writing there .
Jump off the Peak, RINO turncoat!!
Jeff,  get a life other than the Senate
http://truthfeed.com/new-poll-is-horrible-news-for-trump-basher-jeff-flake/98567/ …. Good by traitor . The people of Arizona stand the president. You want to kick us out of the party ? Your fired
Your party has profited from #FakeNews: #PizzaGate, Hillary's #Uranium deal, & #Obama's citizenship. Your belated outrage is a joke. #Resist
Yet Congress is still in session right? 60 seconds per day! EVERY SENATOR AND REPRESENTATIVE  should be in Washington! FRAUDS!

WATCH: @JeffFlake is all talk and no action against Trump’s reckless agenda http://ab21.org/RJ  #azsen 
You'll soon be able to spend more time taking in AZ's beauty.
U r all being reviewed & fired by us,the neglected while u line pockets with donors & work 4 them,& R very afraid 2 confront clinton mafia,
Seniors/traveling the nation,VOTE IN MORE TRUMPS WHO WORK 4 US 2 B BETTER VOTE OUT PAID PARTISAN & GET ALL NEW NONPARTISAN BUSINESS ONES,WOW
Time to Resign & let @kelliwardaz take over. You don't represent #AZ well.
Ur one of those afraid of clinton mafia rn't u,u can't vote 4 us on good sound sgfndas bcause u r getting paid not 2 or scared,VOTE OUT ALL
You are a terrible person for going against President Trump & the American people.
AZ wants you OUT!!! FLAKE We want @kelliwardaz
SOROS  meeting you there to pay  you  big  money tyo be a traitor ???
You were saying...
How I Met Your Brother -- Never mind, forgot he's still in that hut in Kenya. #ObamaTVShows
Support RAISE; Adjusted for other demographics ie race/income..students entering school w/o English skills graduate 60% rate English student
Put votes where your mouth is, and I'll vote 4 U against whatever wacko bird runs from the right in primary! Talk isn't cheap, it's FREE!
Like many others, I register Repub to vote against right wing wacko birds. If you want my vote, start voting AGAINST stupid harmful bills!
Serious question, senator: Did you chant "lock her up" during GOP convention from your home living room or were you mowing the lawn?
Kelli Ward will replace you.
Still can't get over you voting down ACA. You will have to pay.
Trump only represents the ignorant people of our country. As McCain said you are his equal (position only). Superior in intelligence.
LOL!!! When r u returning from lunch? LOL!!!
Out of curiosity do you live in Arizona and considering voting for this ass hat?
Don't let the ignorant people influence you. It's time for bipartisan attitude and action. You and McCain keep driving.
Btw, that is Eastern AZ, not northeastern AZ. You don't even know the geography of the State you represent. Very "telling", you traitor
Leo, do you vote in AZ?
Please tell me you're not supporting this man? Go look at his re-tweeters. Almost all liberal Democrats or globalists
I can't retweet a nice photo of my home state without supporting my senator? Retweeted because it's a nice photo.
It's a nice picture no doubt. Just wanting to debate if you were going to support him in 2018. He is standing in the way of #MAGA
Whether I support Senator Flake or not has nothing to do with this photo
I understand that, do you support Senator Flake had a curiosity? How about John McCain?
You are a feckless lackey of the elite. No character, no vision, no principles...you are merely a pragmatic opportunist. GONE GONE GONE GONE
You are a continuous embarrassment
No matter how much out of state $$$ you bring in, it will not save you, Jeff, and do not think we shall forget on the next cycle election.
You should STAY inSpringerville you traitor
Keep your values, you are one of a small pool not AFRAID of the PREZ
Stay there
Who cares?
I am more of an Independent. But I definitely would like to thank you for your courage! Keep it up, Doing the right thing!
Your about-face in attitude comes at a "convenient" time. New book. Re-election campaign in 2018. Not fooling anyone if you read this feed.
Maybe the view will help you forget your 18% approval rating,
Meet the Press - you back tracked on Trump. Losing your courage?
TRUMP TRAIN choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo choo
Flake Approval Meter: 18% and DROPPING
Obstructionist
Thank you for speaking up about Trump's false birth cert accusations. That was disgraceful & has a lot to do w the depth of hate for 45.
You are so getting voted out next election 
I'm ashamed to have grown up 30 miles from a traitor. Birtherism, lock Hillary up...you are a globalist creep & I will pray u out of office!
You need to find another line of work
Thanks for standing for what is right!
Of who and what you and your ilk are.
You are making a big mistake with your opposition to Trump. Your type of politics is finished , your a dinosaur. We the people R very aware
You're a good man. Thank you
Write a book bout doing the right thing,or actually doing the right thing? What will u do? More of the same nothing?
ALL RN'S LPN'S & STAFF shld wear body cams to record how they are being abused by families & patients. They are in there bc U DON'T WANT TO!
Vote this jerk out!

You need some love 
We'll pass POTUS immigration reform in 18 when you're gone. 
Your out jeff fake  and your traitor buddy McCain! Voting for the next Rep that will work with our PRESIDENT @POTUS MAGA
You&McCain are POS senators who should resign. Quit media whoring&get to work supporting the POTUS agenda. We voted for his agenda not yours
Can't wait to vote you out. "Comitted conservative" my ass.
Yep! Flake is a flake and a fake!!
U sir are not and do not represent conservatives!  Where are u on promises to repeal Obummercare?  Will not forget u w/obama in Cuba
Your name says it all, you are a Flake. A Snow Flake.
Idiot.....
Take a good look b cause you are losing the primary.
You call McCain a traitor and praise Trump.... don't you see a problem there?
Absolutely not!
Poor Linda that sells Fla. 
Why did you go awol when God passed the brains around?
Traitor to our nations laws that are already in place u work for obama deep state ! Liar liar we know what ur doing ! America knows
You stand against our president so we stand against you .. hey I hear your working for obama and get calls from him to your phone ! Traitor
My husband and I plan to vote for Kelli Ward in the primary.  Don't underestimate the power the voters now understand they truly have.
Kelli Ward did not show much maturity after McCain negative health announcement... the GOP is full of selfish inconsiderate brats.
http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2017/08/jeff_flakes_in_denial_about_jeff_flake.html …

LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP YES WE SHOULD HILARY NOT ABOVE THE LAW FLAKE OH WAIT U MUST BE SCARED OF HER DONT DOUBT THAT SHE HAS A BIG LIST
"Lock her up... Lock her up... Lock her up"
Actions speak louder than words.@GOP is Gov't of Putin
"Govt of Putin"

well that would be a HUGE upgrade over the GOVT of OBAMA!  
U stop talking shit about our POTUS or u will regret in reelection U senators r worthless corrupt part of d deep state & WE THE PPL r awake
Yep, STILL taking place in Arizona. A vet has waited a year to receive a response from the PHX VA & still no answer! Which picture matters?
Just wanted to say thank you for actually putting your country first! i hope others follow your lead
You must be a descendant of Benedict Arnold. You are a corporate globalist TRAITOR to America,  and hopefully you will be voted out.
Is that where your town hall is?
Coming back well after the fire.
Resign & let @kelliwardaz take over. You don't represent #AZ well.
EXACTLY! Resign & take McCain with you!
Perfect time/venue in which to retire...
You’re getting voted out as*hole
Don't make a Flake mistake and put him back in office.. he is picking up where McCain is leaving off. Flake no longer represents AZ. 
Get to supporting the people's agenda.  We elected a President to bring this country back from from the weakness of the past 8yrs. #norinos
Climate change is real. Country over party dim wit.
Beautiful!
Of course you will vote against the Raise Act,,your Chamber of Commerce and other donors tell you what to do.
That is why we live here...now about health care :)
Beautiful what monsoon moisture can do for our great state. But I wish you'd support climate change efforts so it stays that way. Thanks.
I  AZ high country.
#fakerepublican
Beautiful. God's Country! #CountryBeforeParty
Very close to New Mexico south of I-40 near the White Mountains.
Lovely. It's like fall has arrived. Was only 110° today. Not bad.
Are you still hiding from your constituents?  You have managed to upset everyone.
Beautiful
I've been greatly misinformed about the topography of Arizona.  Lush and eerily beautiful.
There are elk in them hills.
Beautiful. Stay there and vacate your seat so we can all be happy!
Flake you are nothing but a traitor to Arizona and your county...you@make me@sick
Why aren't you at work doing your job? What are we paying you for?
Get with the presidents agenda or get out of politics.
You always vote against our Earth. How can you show this and vote for the rich to get tax breaks while our public schools suffer? #flake
Keep up the good fight, Senator.
You are sick. Get some trump care.
Wow you're everywhere diane lol. Keep fighting the good fight. #Resist
You too! I told my Dad tonight this is our Civil Rights movement and we will not sit by and let 33% of bigots rule this country.
They are called looney liberals.

On this day in 1965, LBJ signed the Voting Rights Act into law, to guarantee African Americans the right to vote. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/TonyRenner/status/894055632751525889 …
Lovely. Enjoy your time off-you've got lots of work to do when you go back.

This physician/insurance company CEO says that #ACA isn't failing.
It's being sabotaged by Trump.
…

Watch this Canadian doctor own a GOP senator on universal health care in 2014 

CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVES: 
(202) 224-3121 
* Ask : "When and where is your next town hall?" 


#NoRefugeeBan #NoTravelBan

"Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free" but not you two #refugeeban 


#NoMuslimBan
Ever driven the stretch of highway between Show Low and Springerville at sunset? It's stunning.
Glad you're enjoying your vacation. Shame health care and taxes are such a low priority.
Backlash against NeverTrumpers is going to be huuuuuuuuuuge.
