Do your job Flake! You might not be in that position much longer. The people of your state can see you align with the Dems!
Worry about California, Dolan.
He is a congressman and he help with laws that effects is all. You happy with the way your state is being ran?
he's got zero to do w/ state gov... read a book dood...
He is a senator, he has a vote in the healthcare of the US. Stop getting all your info from CNN.
Stop worrying about Arizona. Worry about California.
#amendment Adam! I know you don't like Trump, all Dems obstruct, Flakes a Dem in Rep clothing. I care for the world, even closed minded folk
And as an Arizonan, clean up your own house before you worry about ours.
Great! Congrats @GCUAlumni @GCU_AD @GCU_Lopes #Lope4Life Jennifer. http://hstrial-cogginstechnical.homestead.com  #jennifer
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
Uh oh goodbye
After this election your going to have a lot of time to enjoy GCU games. #tcot #RINO
lol haven't seen #tcot in ages... how cute...
New #Snowflake to Twitter, you have 38 followers so I'm not surprised.  #tcot
Flake, "We The People" are going to make and EXAMPLE out of YOU!  American traitor!
Closet liberal
Yes I agree and Kelli Ward for Senate 2018!
Looks like your going down Sen. Leave the dark side. Come into the light.
Flake a wolf in sheeps clothing!  No back bone all talk no action!  Get rid of Flake!  Snowflake
Vote anti Trumper OUT
Where are your constituents? You have none
Vote Kelli Ward!
Get rid of Flake!!!
It surprises me that a for-profit university has the enrollment numbers and talent depth to compete at a D1 level.
They get lots of money from the Federal Government, in the form of guaranteed student loans.  Pigs at the trough.
Come to a basketball game sometime, the talent is not a problem. The Havocs will gladly welcome you.
Are you running for president in 2020 I'll vote for you good luck with it 
Oh Jeff. Nothing else you might want to talk about?
They are a for profit private university. U had nothing to do with their success unless u gave them more tax breaks
Look at retweets between Flake and Ward. No comparison. You will lose bigly

Bye bye  Jeff
Lesson number 1 don't screw with President Trump... 
Flake's Book: Conscience of a Conservative was written by a Senator with a 53% (F) Liberty Score? Give Me a Break! 53% = "RINO" ... GET IT?
Why dident you campaign on Open borders??
We voted for a wall. Arizona, you deserve better than Flake. It's your voice that counts, exercise your right to be heard and oust Flake.
What's up with @GOP unity, Jeff? - Trump gathered with possible Flake challengers in Phoenix: report -
We elected HIM President. WE voted for and want the wall. Get behind your President or lose your seat !
You are so gonna lose! I'd tell you to write a book after you lose but I can't honestly imagine anyone would buy it!
Resign Flake! You can't do the job!!
Go college sports!  I love it when Flake grapples with the tough issues.  What a hypocrite!
Fox News Jeff snow Flake the fool Sen. from Arizona thinks NAFTA is good and the wall isn't necessary a Repub who votes for himself alone.
build the dam wall or find a new job!
We don't want u on fox
28% approval rating, you out of here Flake, Don't worry!!! , you will have the company of other Rhino`s. Gutless coward
No, this is GREAT news: New poll shows Flake in big trouble is trailing Kelli Ward by 14% http://thegatewaypundit.com/2017/08/poll-a …
Flake, is this what you do all day instead of supporting the Republican party who put you in office?
Jeff Flake is a RINO. ZERO tolerance policy for me. Time to drain the swamp. Vote this SOB out.
@GCU_Lopes @azcentral #LetsGoLopes
UR poll #'s aren't so good! But U did it 2 yourself by opposing @POTUS..Not wise! UR opposition 2 him means our opposition 2 U! #DrKellyWard
Healthcare not tax breaks for millionaires! Shame on you! We will remember your vote!
Not one cent from the RNC for Jeff Flunk!
Make it better news Jeff, resign as a US Senator.
Now they can't discriminate
I am one of your supporters.  Please stand with MAGA.  I live here in Arizona

Follow me so I can send you a message please...thanks in advance
Tic toc tic toc
I support Dr. Kelli Ward for your job. She will do a much better job for AZ.
Oh hell yeah it's time to get rid of #fakeFlake
Thank you!
You still around? Go away
That least someone doing good! GCU 1..American  people zero
@JeffFlake you SUCK - you will be defeated by @realDonaldTrump.  You @SenDeanHeller and your wingman @SenJohnMcCain  - you guys are terrible
Shut up and impeach
Put a motion forward to IMPEACH THIS POTUS as soon as possible. Please. 
Sports vacation. How about some of your tax or health care ideas?
RESIGN
You are behind by 14 points can't wait till you lose #Traitor
vote NO on the Flake
The REAL great news Senator Flake is if you would support our President.  Support his agenda.  Support the Americans who voted for him!
He's behind in the polls 

It's time to #Resist, Jeff.
POTUS disses you....that means I respect you even more than before!!
