RSO cannabis therapy will help with Sen McCains cancer issue http://constancetherapeutics.com/glioblastoma-and-cannabis-oil.html …  
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/11/18/marijuana-brain-cancer_n_6181060.html …
Prayers for Sen McCain
I'm a life long liberal and crying right now over this. Best wishes and prayers
And he always always puts country over party, actually over everything. I am truly upset and praying
I hope 4 his recovery but this doesn't reflect reality of how he's voted lockstep with prty on issues abt which he's expressed grave concern
Just stop. Inappropriate
Nope. I sincerely hope for his recovery, but a bad diagnosis is not a pardon from wrongdoing.
I don't recall McCain ever asking for your forgiveness and thanks for his decades of service, whether or not you agree with his ideology.
Never said you didn't. Only pointed out how tasteless your remark is on this feed... at this moment.
Yeah a real POS is what he is...KARMA has finally come to this TREASONOUS LIAR! HERO???? That's NOT what those that were in VN with him say!
Senator McCain is a hero and I hope he beats the odds, again. I'd like to see empathy for other Americans in your healthcare vote.
Nobody hears about Indiana FIDF supporting brain cancer.  Why should anyone care?

Shame on you. A no vote now will give you an opportunity to work with the Senate, all of them, to fix problems. Not make new ones.
Great news! Glad to hear we have improved treatment options, but how about working on prevention?
Good thing he has comprehensive health care coverage and will not be bankrupted fighting this illness
Truly a blessing to this state and this nation that he will soon pass away
PFFT. One good deed does not make a man great.
Yeah. Both of you are traitors. We are calling both of you out. GET LOST !!!!
I'm glad he has government healthcare!!
Disgusting. Inappropriate. Just stop

.@wholeexpanse, who has spinal muscular atrophy and depends on Medicaid for his care, shares his fears about what cuts could mean for him: 
Everyone is rooting for him except the idiot @Pres
7 Years of talk, What have we got to show? Stay in Washington until you have something for the people.
As Per OBAMASCARE 
 REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT  REPEAL IT
Yeah, good luck with your fight, Senator McCain.
Does that make you proud to be a Republican? Makes me sick to my stomach if you ask me. He never apologized for that either.
Any word on type of cancer?
Glioblastoma.
These tumors are usually highly malignant because the cells reproduce quickly and they are supported by a large network of blood vessels. 
It seems there’s some hope w/ new treatments: 

http://www.dukechronicle.com/article/2017/05/duke-researchers-develop-treatment-that-triples-survival-time-of-brain-cancer-patients …
And this is why we need to continue to have work like this done. Lives depend on these professionals and their research
Not the time.
He was willing to take my health insurance. So anytime is the right time in my book
I hope you suffer the same fate he does, you bought-and-paid-for gop shill.
Disgusting. Inappropriate. Just stop
Yet nothing from Trump yet. Oh wait. He said he doesn't like people that were captured, and to busy throwing Sessions under the bus.
Inappropriate. Just stop

#NeverFlake @JeffFlake we are going to run a campaign head and shoulders above any #rinos to #MAGA 
I'm sure he is grateful for his taxpayers provided insurance that will take care of whatever he needs & deserves. So do the rest of us
He needs to retire and take care of his health
Prayers for SenJohnCain and his family with his #DX but Ge is a tough man
Cancer doesn't care if you are "tough." If he dies, it won't be because he wasn't tough enough. Don't put more pressure on him.
Yep we have McCain to thank for arming Isis
Can't even talk about it.  Can only think this bad*ss will come through.  Track record...
cancer can be cured
It's way past party lines on this one. He's a human being who will be going thru hell. Compassion & empathy go a long way. Stay high dems
As tough as they come
Good thing he's not one of the millions of people you clowns are trying your damn best to take HEALTHCARE from.... Hypocrites!!
Now do what's right for America and vote against trumpcare...and remove Don the con...
I'm glad he has good health insurance. So should we all!
So lucky for Sen.McCain he does not have to rely on #REPUBLICARE. Get well John & you both protect voters from fat cats. NO #REPUBLICARE
Jeff,thanks for being a great human being and public servant. I don't always agree with your views but I applaud your honesty in the swamp.
Thank God he has the health insurance coverage your party is trying to take away from 32 million Americans.
You are a man of the American people Senator McCain! There are are no party divisions.  I am praying for your recovery

It's tough. But if he were your constituent, in your office begging you not to take his health care, you would cite him for trespassing.
Take a page from from McCain, Flake. When you do the right thing people admire you.
God does #miracles
Hope he can stay strong. Hope gop can change course and keep our democracy safe by stopping dt - using SenMcCain's bravery as an example
Fix ACA so i can live if i come up with these health issues do not replace FIX IT
Senator is tough as nails! 
We are all rooting and praying for you @SenJohnMcCain American hero.
Sen. F, take charge while Sen. M beats this. Stand up for ACA and what's right for Americans not just your party.
You have demonstrated again and again that your humanity it bigger then the party you belong to. You are too good for the Republican Party.
Who will fill in for Mr. McCain in Washington DC? What's his/her voting record?
Hope he has insurance
We will pray for him till he fully recovers. May God give him strength and power
@SalemState
@KenBurns to Evangelical Voters: 'What Part of Donald Trump Reminds You of Jesus Christ?'https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA … … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/75EqHmRwfHu …
We all wish him well. Also nice tweet to lady muslim. That is the america i know.. Not trumps! People thats what matters. Country over party
While I disagree politically with the man, Senator McCain has my respect and I am so sorry for him and his family.
Cancer is messing with the wrong man!
Sad this respected man has to fight cancer and his own party at the same time! Make John proud Stand up as trump issues threats!!
Tell him America is praying for him. And please, stand against the repeal. Americans are diagnosed with cancer every day.Don't let them down
A true American hero
Please send our thoughts and prayers.
God Bless you Sir. 
Give him America's Best next time. U need 2b tougher too. Think abt those non-Gov individuals who get same diagnosis w/o ACA. We R lucky.
Amen! All my prayers, hopes & wishes. A true and fine gentleman. A patriot of the first order, God's speed!
Try to hide your excitement about your chance to be the senior senator, even if it doesn't last past 2018.
i hope you see how coverage for pre existing conditions is so important. @realDonaldTrump @maddow @FoxNews @MSNBC @CNNPolitics
Senator McCain is a class act. Wishing him the best as he battles this horrible disease.
McCain has always been a great man.  He has always put people before politics and is respected on both sides of the aisle as I hope you will
That's so sad. That actually explains a lot. I wish him well. This country wishes him well.
Don't always agree with them, but Arizona has two very classy senators. #thoughtsandprayers
My Prayers to John McCain True Patriot!
Please tell him we Wish Him Well!! 
He's a tough man that wants to take health care away from millions of Americans. Tough man doesn't mean he's a good man.
#NotAllHeroesWearCapes #StayStrong  @SenJohnMcCain
Go Navy. Beat Cancer. @carlquintanilla @TheRickWilson @KatyTurNBC @PeterAlexander @PeteWilliamsNBC @jonkarl @MajorCBS @rachaelmbade @danbalz
Stage three breast cancer survivor- cancer sucks,I am on the exchanges, middle class husband owns small business, don't screw MC - fund 'em
This is the worst one. My mom died from Glioblastoma within 1 year. But I see they have made advancements with this one. Hope it works out🖒
Hey look guys I have a new hair stylist
The #Trump #CovfefeCoiffure
Good thing he has health insurance...
Moment of silence in appreciation.  For John McCain and for the ACA for others getting similar news
Sure am glad he has good health coverage and can fight with good insurance. Wish your voters did, too. #VoteForVoters
I can't stand self serving people that make self serving statements
God bless you @SenJonMcCain keep fighting ! Sending you healing vibes.
Hope to mccain
Very sorry
John McCain- a true American hero. I'm a Democrat but always admired your dedication to our Democracy. You've always put country over party
Good.
Please let him know we wish the best to he and his family.
Gabby had a tough one too. But since ur in the pocket of the NRA does not count.
Amen.  Hope u folks hold @POTUS  to account for his latest outrageous comments for the sake of all @ordinaryfaces

I agree.  Makes it even worse that @realDonaldTrump thinks he's a crusty non-war hero.  #Disgusting
So sad for our nations True Hero! It's truly felt on all sides of the isle! 
Thank you Senator.   MR. McCain is a hero for many and he led me down path of my 23 year Navy Career.   Keep fighting.
Praying.
Just not tough enough to stand up to Trump even once for the sake of his constituents.
Disgusting. Inappropriate. Just stop
Its the 35% that are dumb enough to support trump that they are scared of.
“@JeffFlake: Just spoke to @SenJohnMcCain. Tough diagnosis, but even tougher man.” God speed to a real American hero & his family.
hes lucky to have government healthcare!
Like I said, dont agree politically...but do t wish this on anyone. Stay strong @SenJohnMcCain god Bless u and your family. You got this!
So sad. Time to put politics aside and let @SenJohnMcCain know how much even non Rep, Canadians respect his contributions,
Bad news for Arizona. Never voted for McCain but I like him. Praying for him and his family
Joining you in best wishes for Sen., McCain. Hoping you will do the right thing and repudiate repeal of the ACA. It's beneath either of you.
.@SenJohnMcCain is a true hero, and blessed to have great family and friends. 
And great health insurance. 
Prayers for a full recovery.
Wishing him a speedy recovery
Sen. McCain is awesome.
He is showing us just we all need acess to healthcare professionals. His illness could happen to any of us.
We need to look out for each other!
Let's hope this sad and hurtful news helps youbabd your colleagues to understand the importance of quality healthcare for all Americans.
lf only it were YOU, flake!
So grateful for all Senator has done for Az and for the country. Praying for him.
He's got the blood of a fighter flowing through his veins, may he heal as swiftly as possible 
Stay strong @JeffFlake and vote NO to throwing 32 million people off healthcare.
@SenJohnMcCain a left-leaning independent from Tucson, voted for you. Get well soon and return to your maverick ways — Godspeed.
Yes senator McCain is a great and brave man beat that cancer
Thanks for sharing sir!  This exact cancer took my best friend but not before an amazing 2 year battle. His name was Jack.
All deserve the same care hero McCain is receiving. Please don't take HC away from thousands just to appease trump who disparaged war hero's
Cut off his health insurance!
Appreciate the kind tweet, wish you would show that kindness to everyone
So tough that he was taking awa y health care from 20 million
Remind him that many people beat it including Jimmy Carter who is a lot older than him and still going strong.
and we are grateful that healthcare expense is not a worry. all of us deserve that blessing. work to make it so. #medicare4all #GOODlegacy
Definitely a tough man.
Courage and luck to your colleague from #Arizona Senator John McCain.  He is a hero.  Please win this battle.
No matter your political preference, John McCain is a very honorable person
Thank you for your decency and your courage and your loyalty to your country. Every Dem I know supports you. Seriously.  Fight on.
Maybe you should resign in sympathy for him.
Nice to read so many good wishes from both sides. Gives me hope.
A true patriot who has served his country well.
yes, he is tough.  my thoughts are with him and his family.  he is a true hero
I hate u, but I can agree with u on that
@LindaLawrey @SenJohnMcCain,just prove our beloved elderly get ill and some cannot afford hospital care!
Godspeed @SenJohnMcCain
Were all praying for him
So now up to Flake to make sure AZ citizens keep their insurance, and to oppose Senate proposal to repeal the ACA.
He's a fighter!  Wishing him well in this fight.
Are we, just once, able to leave politics out of this and just care about a human being who loved his country and his family?
McCain didn't give a sh!t about my family. Why should l care about him?
McCain is a good man I wish him well
Time for Senator McCain to spend his days with family. He needs to step down. Let somebody else take the reins. PS- You can visit him too
Wish him all the best, but also a time to reflect on the healthcare he is receiving right now. All Americans deserve the same...
Thank you Senator. You've got some backbone yourself!
Prayers .@SenJohnMcCain
We are politically miles apart, but we have great respect for this American Hero. Sending positive thoughts
an honorable man. as are you.
Devastated.  We need you, Senator. Positive healing prayers for you and your family.
@MeghanMcCain
@dandrezner @SenJohnMcCain awful news but so glad he's in good hands at the Mayo Clinic. I hope for many good days for him/family
I wish @SenJohnMcCain a speedy and complete recovery. God bless you, Sen. McCain.
If anyone has the toughness to beat cancer, it's @SenJohnMcCain
Praying for Sen. McCain and his family for a speedy recovery.
A great man.
He survived the Hanoi Hilton...cancer doesn't stand a chance!
100% true, the toughest. Stay strong McCain we are praying for you. Across the aisle, across the country you are a hero
Prayers for a full recovery! 
Please know the country is praying for you @SenJohnMcCain  you are a hero to this Dem from Ohio.
Much love & respect for john McCain a true war hero..you better get well soon! Even if you are republican! Lol you are much admired
He is hero and veteran, what mostly will get him trough this troubled times
John McCain is a fine and good man I have always appreciated the help you have brought our state while in office Senator
I will be praying for Sen. McCain. Such a true Am. Hero. God bless him and keep him safe.
Imagine how his week would have gone without access to healthcare.
Makes health care feel more real, doesn't it? Health care means life or death (literally) If you vote repeal, blood will be on your hands
Thinking of Jimmy Carter and my 4 year old friend both in good shape after medical marijuana praying and good thoughts for our sr senator
My brother died of brain cancer at age 47
My prayers are with him and his family.
I don't always agree with John McCain but he is a great American!
John McCain is an American Hero.....
Glad he can go to a private doc and not rely on VA....that's half the battle...best to John
Prayers to Mr. McCain
yes we need him back clear minded to stop your bull shit
He is a true American hero. Follow his lead, Senator Flake.

can he raise his arm? How about say yea or nay?  Make a check mark? Check a box? Blink once for yah or twice for nay? Then he can vote.
Inshallah you get better gristly old senator! Jeff flake good luck to you, I think your gonna need it... but at least you have ur morals
Prayers & healing vibes to you, Senator!!
Rarely do we agree sir. But @SenJohnMcCain is an American hero. I know every patriotic American is rooting for him!
He is a fighter! We are proud to have him as our state senator.all the best to him, Cindy and their family. They are in our prayers!
Great respect for Senator McCain. Praying that treatment will bring you back to fighting form, sir.
Now imagine having no insurance. You need to rethink your position on healthcare. Become a leader not a partisan hack looking at reelection.
We wish him well.
@SenJohnMcCain , my best wishes to you and your family.
He's the toughest. And one of our heroes.
@SenJohnMcCain is at the Best Medical hospital in the country. Mayo Clinic in Scottsdale has excellent doctors & staff. "Government" care.
Are you saying Mayo is a govt hosp?
No, his health insurance is Government care.
