ahhhh so THAT'S why Ur staffers are rude when calling.   Hold a town hall.
PLEASE hold a town meeting.  I drive a huge van and will bring many who have a thing or 2 to say to you!
DEFINE decorum! Reading Green Eggs+Ham like your colleague? Or is it the pertinent discussion of AG record on CIVIL RIGHTS?!
there was nothing equitable about the mishandling of warrens speech. #flakeout2018
each day it becomes clearer and clearer how much you don't care about Arizona or the people here. #ReplaceFlake2018
#noflake18
Congressional decorum stopped when an idiot yelled Liar to a President of the United States during State of Union, a Republican.
Were it a different era, he would have been one of the first to chase YOUR people across the US. UR Just not a deep thinker. Sad
#GOP #JohnMccain #BlackLivesMatter  Entire GOP now proven racist/Bigots with Sessions confirmation. Also #SenatorManchins
So reading Coretta Scott King 's letter lacks decorum? OMG???
You are about to get your first lesson in not being re-elected Nov 6, 2018
reading a letter from the late Mrs Coretta Scott King is lack of decorum? I call the republican's action, "silencing the dream"
You have 0 supporters in response to tweets. Schmoozing up to #45 & friends won't get you reelected. You understand this, right?
celebrating thoughtful and level headed republicans, thank you Sen Flake for your sane response to @POTUS remarks on judiciary
Decorum? That's manners, right? It was rude not to give Garland his hearing. Gotta walk the walk, Senator
I'm so disappointed in you Sen. Flake- Devos was and is unqualified and you sold us out!
our senators wear 49th in the nation like a badge of honor and are clearly striving for worst.
I live in Arizona, and I look forward too seeing you voted OUT!!
me too!
can't wait to vote you out!
butt wad!
"Rules of decorum" are great so long as that apply to everyone, not just some mouthy democrat  who is a thorn in the GOP side.
what motivates your vote? Why are you not listening to the constituents?
get your resume ready dear. You're going to be out of a job!
The moment Sessions agreed to his AG nom, he stopped being a senator. New role, new rules, no 'decorum' protections.
you didn't pair mojitos with Mormons?!?!?  Golly gee, sir! I'm a little afraid to click that link! Lol
#justanothersellout
reading a professionally written letter by an equal rights leader is a lack of decorum? But when men read it, it's not? #confused
Warren was reading from a letter fool.
Yet you stand by the absolute disgrace of the Phoenix Veterans Administration. Few have power to change, what's your excuse? @JeffFlake
Your vote to silence dissent had nothing to "decorum." Have you *ever* thought for yourself? #toady
@SenJohnMcCain @GOP @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @CBSNews @CNN @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
@SenJohnMcCain @GOP
This isn't a joke. There is nothing more sacred than someone's right to vote and you put a racist in charge. #shame
You're more concerned with someone talking about Sessions discriminatory actions than the fact he discriminated. #shame
what, reading Coretta King's letter breaks decorum?
Constituant here. You've put yourself on the wrong side of history w/ racists, misogynists and anti-semites. NO VOTE FOR YOU!
maybe a drink now and then would do you some good.  Where was your outrage when Cotton made fun of Chuck Schumer? HYPOCITE
THATS THE POINT-RULES NOT "APPLIED EQUITABLY"-TEDCRUZ CALLED MCONEL A LIAR-NO REPRIMAND THER-KING LTR BANNED BCUZ SHE IS BLAK
never met a kind Morman they are mean and ruthless people If you ain't a Morman you are nothing Mormans are the ultimate cult
"Rules of decorum" is polite talk for "I really don't want black folks to vote like they have been." You lost ~so many~ votes!
@SenatorSessions  was too racist for 1980s @GOP, Perfect racist for @SenateGOP of 2017. We've come a long way! #resist
when E.Warren reads letter it's offensive but when several men read,crickets. Was her voice just more annoying? #answerYourPhone
RIGHT?!?! Gonna have to resort to snail mail or in person!
I will remember that you chose to ignore the please of your constituents.  Vote NO for Flake's reelection.
Are you at all concerned about the optics of an AG candidate being protected from criticism because he's a Senator?
. @JeffFlake Maybe less care for decorum and more care for stopping racism.  How about that instead?  #resist #shameful
You lost my vote
flaccid Shitgibbon you should pack your office you are done!
What the hell would you know, you wouldn't say shit even if you had a mouthful.
@SenWarren did nothing wrong! Keep trying to shut down the women.  Ok for man to read same thing. #FlakeoutAZ2018 #ShePersisted
sessions was nominee not senator. Reading letters of previous civil rights concerns is not lacking decorum
I am very disappointed in your votes.  Will work hard for whoever your opponent is in two years.
We'll remember in 2018. Kiss your Senate seat goodbye.
The President should have decorum The AG shouldn't  be a racist and Education Sec shouldn't be ignorant. Things don't work out
#letlizspeak
did not represent me in DeVos & Sessions vote & in silencing Elizabeth Warren. She did nothing wrong. #DumpFlake2018
except you are a male & you're not being considered for AG. And the words were Mrs. King's. Just so that's clear.
As your constituent I want you to remember that I will remember to work against your reelection in 2018. Can you spell misogyny?
Shame on you, comparing a joke about drinking on a beach to a letter calling out a rascist that is up for the top cop in the land
Do you want some moving boxes? Cuz your vote for Sessions is unacceptable.
Do you know what would be decorous, Jeff? Not putting a bunch of grifters & racist in charge of our government.
Coward. Voting for Sessions because you liked his banjo playing in Deliverance and your fear of trump is deplorable
Pretty garbage that you endorsed DeVos. People will remember that in the 2018 election
Sen Udall read those same words. Sen Sanders read those words. Disgraceful the whole lot of you. History will not be not be kind
You know Senator, Mr. Sessions and his KKK buddies don't have any Mormon friends. Scary when roles get reversed, isn't it?
The lesson should be do unto others...
but you sell out the people of the country. What a great show...PATHETIC
Arizona voters will make sure you won't have to worry about Congressional decorum-or Congressional anything else-much longer.
you voted for DeVos.  Shame.
What a joke. #flakeout2018
You came off as form over substance kind of guy. That approach is rarely in the best interest of American citizens.
And selling out to DeVos, a large contributor to campaigns.  AZ is watching and 2018 is not far away.
So you can't have an open, honest discussion about a nominee's track record if the person is a sitting senator? Shameful.
I look forward to you being voted OUT in 2018!! #RememberDeVos
Senator, I am referring to the July 24th, 2015 speech by Sen. Cruz. I am a constituent of yours. Thank you for your time.
you should be ashamed of yourself.  What you did was wrong and you know it. #LetLizTalk
No to Sessions!
honor is sacred. It means that you are to be trusted. Some of us trusted you to represent us, yesterday you failed all of AZ.
and again today with sessions confirmation
Senator, can you direct me to contemporary comments you made regarding Sen. Cruz saying the Mojority told a lie to Sen. Cruz?
Having someone like Jeff Sessions as AG will just further erode people's trust and belief in the legitimacy of institutions
Didn't that dirt bag Miller kid come from Sessions office too.
NO on Sessions. Step up
NOPE NOPE NOPE. Bernie read the same letter. The words are Mrs King's words and Ted Kennedy's words. 2018. I WILL AGAINST YOU
I find it despicable that she was censured while  4 men were allowed 2 read it uninterrupted. Smells like patriarchy
For a second I almost felt bad for you, but then I remembered you are anti lgbtq like your bff @cathiherrod
Elizabeth Warren's situation yesterday was not the same as you're describing and you know that
Your rules of decorum apply to the House and Senate but not the President?
You are all about trying to get credit for rectifying something horrible your party did this week. Disingenuous!
you sexist  bye bye
this feels like the equivalent of "I cant be racist!  I have a black friend!".  "Decorum"?  Have you listened to Trump?
This was about shutting up dissent and it backfired. You will pay in 2018, from a constituent.  #shepersisted #nevertheless
yes!  Out with Flake
Nice try, but not the same. Shutting out Coretta King's words are more distasteful than implying you drink. Do unto others...
How can you debate a nominee from the Senate if you can't talk about the racist and anti-civil rights stuff that he has done?
You go, Senator! Better a racist in the AG office, than an uppity woman quoting the widow of THE civil rights icon.
Was it to listen attentively when your fellow Senators speak? #LetLizSpeak Or maybe to vote the will of your constituents? #devos
careful out there. You're up for reelection soon.
Signed, Your AZ constituent
Yea go ahead and pat yourself on the back hypocrite #2018 #shameful
Not a comparable situation to silencing of the words of the widow of the greatest civil rights leaders during BlackHistory month
No one likes you.
Jeff Sessions is simply unacceptable as attorney general. There's a million other better qualified choices who haven't been
rebuked by civil rights icons. Unacceptable slap in the face to minorities. They are all terrible, this is the worst
I do appreciate your posts and thoughts on things. Watch out for the polonium.
lololol this should be a warning label on the doors to the house and senate.
I hope you lose in your next election
he will. Don't worry. He will.
