That's great but who the hell was the jerk in the red jersey in the stands with and impeach 45 shirt on.￼ really?
fake news?
because you are a left wing traitor. Rino.
Well with pu$$ies like you playing of course the Dems won. Just like you let them do daily.
Get used to that. #2018
When G.W.Bush would stay silent& Everyone believed lies that (D) spewed bout him, that what U want w/ @POTUS We voted4him 2 not stay silent
why don't you become one? You act more like the very people who got Rep Scalise shot.
Sen. Flake, please show the same bravery during the shooting &vote NO on Senate healthcare bill to protect more than 400,000 Arizonans.
To bad it took a tragedy for republicans and democrats to come together for a united cause.  How about the same for healthcare?
Vote no on Trump Care.  We need Universal Healthcare.  Listen to Bernie.  Medicare for All.  @SenJohnMcCain
Of course they won they had a low life shoot the other team great win still losers in my eyes
You did a great job representing Arizona! Thank you!
Have to let them win something
No surprise,they are beating the Republicans every day
Really? Time to wake up from your dream Duchess....
I see you have alot of democrats as followers Mr Flake. Only proves what we have always thought. You are NOT a Republican. Ur a ...1/2
Well said and very gracious.
So glad that we all came together and carry-on! Congrats to all for playing the good game.
Why not officially become a Dem since you love trashing the President or would that be too honest for u and might cause u to melt.
Where you playing for the Democrats that is where you spend all you time
We voted 4 @POTUS so he can stand up to the MSM Democrats & Republicans Like YOU. We The People Voted & got him into the Presidency.
How about donating to public schools, vets, or cleaning up water in Flint?
I think those are great ideas! Let us know when your fundraising event is happening and we will send a donation!
Congratulations Democrats for the win!!
traitor 2those who believed you were! U may have been a hero on Wed, but ur insult to Pres Trump 2day on MSNBC shows what a real coward u r!
When Libs take pics w/a bloody @POTUS head&act out killing of the pres .When I can't show my support4 @POTUS w/ a sign WTF r u talking about
Won the game and Shot & critically injured one of the players beforehand......
@JeffFlake trashing @POTUS yet again on MSNBC. Can't wait to vote @kelliwardaz to replace him.
You are such a swell guy.
neither Flake or McCain can resist attacking our President when given chance on media---Flake and MSNBC are quite the cozy pair. He stinks!!
AZ gave us 2 huge problems-FLAKE AND MCCAIN -They are our Presidents enemies. Please use your brains next time AZ--GET RID OF BOTH!
Nice, now go back to work and get some results which is why we sent you there!
Aww...now that your dumb little game is over I guess you'll wake up and forget how you spit in the faces of these little ones.
Disagree w/ u politically, but much respect for your quick action 2 help victims. Back 2 calling your office today re: AHCA (plz vote NO). 
Either quit being a RINO or switch parties.  NeverTrumpers like you need to be voted out and replaced with patriots. Disgraceful.
Thanks Fletch!
Stop being a traitor and support our POTUS now. You and your kind are responsible for this
We don't need charity, you need to take it from those vial rich democrats like Soros, Buffett and the Styer Bros. You know, tax the rich.
The win was easier after one of their confirmed operatives takes out the other team's players with a rifle.
Woo Hoo!  Go Dems!   Now DEMS PLS WIN on the healthcare bill too.  @JeffFlake, Arizonans do NOT want the tRumpcare!!  Pls listen to us!
I thought it was great that you went to aid an injured person. Please b sure to help your constituents get and keep good health coverage too
Weak Republicans lost
RINO FOOL. GOT IT!
Ongratulations! Now, Please, please work on a healthy bipartisan healthcare bill for all Americans. 
Fun to watch!
As an Arizonan I often disagree with you On Wednesday I saw who you are as a person-a courageous man who gave aid to the injured. Thank you
Let's see..... $1,500,000 divided by 535 = $3000 each. Why didn't all of you just donate that & spend your time getting some work done!
Quit groveling.  The Dems don't give a rat's ass about you or the rest of the GOP.  They are grandstanding for the press.
Are you calling in 'sick' for work tomorrow?
Thank u for your service and bravery! Congrats on a game well played and raising money for a much needed cause
Jeff, you've been working with dems and media for the last 18 months to undermine and obstruct @realDonaldTrump/@POTUS.
Please work with @POTUS and support him for the American people!
TY Senator for yr heroic actions as well on Weds. Now American ppl need u to stand up & demand open debate on #AHCA to make it work for all!
Flake are you doing anything to assist the POTUS u know ,the one we elected
I didn't elect the jerk.  I think that your mistake will be impeached soon, thank goodness.
In the midst of a very challenging wk (and remembering #JoCox 2), at least some good news....
Are they willing to sponsor a resolution to stop the witch hunt? Do you have the courage to sponsor a resolution to stop the witch hunt?
Too. Much. Cedric. Richmond.
that's good and hope you had fun. Now, don't vote for the GOP healthcare plan.
That's awesome! It's like 10 days of Congressional pensions and benefits!
You need to get a ringer elected. If only you had a young Jim Bunning. Or if Kurt Schilling wasn't crazy you could convince him to run
A beautiful thing tonight. Keep it going!
There are NO Winners !!! ~ There are NO LOSERS !!!

EVERYBODY GETS A TROPHY !!!
We will need charities more than ever to help those who will have their healthcare taken away.
Idiot
I am proud of the sportsmanship you guys showed out there tonight...
How come you didn't congratulate @HillaryClinton on her well-earned popular vote 2016 win?
Ever heard of Electoral College?!
Awesome
Games over. What is your stance on McConnell ' s outrageous plan to push AHCA through with no review. Willing to support toxic actions?
Like that gangster review of Obamacare, "we have to pass the bill, so that you can find out what is in it." - @NancyPelosi
Glad you played tonight. Even though we disagree, I admire your determination.
Please work with the Dems on healthcare like you work with them on the diamond. They are not the enemy. #bipartisanship
Thank you Aimee. That would be so great!!
Challenge to a re-match once Steve is healthy.
Great results!
Tough loss during tough, sad situation. TY for playing hard, Senator. Looking forward to raising more $$ and getting another W next year!

loved your staffers shirts
Congratulations, Congressman! WISH I could have been there.
Shout out to MLB Network & the Washington Nationals for video of tonight's Congressional Baseball Game on C-SPAN!
