Too bad a draft dodger is in the #WhiteHouse
There was no draft when Obama was old enough to be drafted.
As a vet I suggest you get on board with Trump, #RepealAndReplaceCongress 2018 2020 2022
As a Cold War vet I believe the senator is on track. The Russians interfered in our elections and POTUS is looking the other way.
I believe the Mexican interfered and Dems are conveniently looking the other way.  What election have they not interfered with
Since you are now speaking truth to power, check out the propaganda company, Sinclair, trying to start Trump tv in over half the country!
Hi Senator Flake.  I'm happy you thank people who serve our country.  Now start voting for things that help people in USA.
Your an American? You and you buddy are bought and paid for by the most anti American ever
Funny how most of your admirers are left wingers.  You have served your last term.
Yes and most have 5 followers. Paid trolls .
Bye bye!
Are you going to protect Robert Mueller- a Purple Heart and bronze star vet??? 

May I suggest U change UR name 2 Jeff Fake It really encapsulates UR faux outrage at Trump U R all talk & no action Voted for John Bush
Jeff you are a traitor to the Rep party, a real RINO, and someone we will work hard to get out of office.
Rino = no Conservative. Jon mcCains right hand Rino. Pro open borders. 
@marklevinshow  is RIGHT. YOURE NOT
You're unpatriotic. McCain's a war hero and he saved healthcare for 32M Americans. Flake talks a lot but voted for this lousy bill.
Hi there again.  As you can see others think you don't want to help citizens of this country.  Voting with McConnell will get you primaried.
To bad you don't serve your country - looser
You better take off those fake
Red clothes you been wearing put
On the blue. In case you have not
Noticed voting Republicans don't like U
Hey Donor owned LIAR, take this Pro-Amnesty ‘Autopsy’ Report and shove it straight up ur A! Join the fascists, that's the party u belong in!
As a veteran thanks for the thought. Remember your promise. You are a disgrace and disappointment. Not R or L. We need moderates. Team work!
Jeff no one gives a dam what you say anymore . Your out of office in 2018 . Go ahead and keep bashing trump see where it gets you
Going to be wonderful watching you Trump obstructionist get voted out. You people just don't get it!
Arizona could do a lot better.
Thank you. As a vet I have no respect for an orange draft dodger now our president.
A more appropriate title for your book is "PseudoConscience for a PseudoConservative: with all the talking points of the Left at its core!"
Just saw your AZ approval ratings. Bye Bye Never Trumper. 
Dam I can hardly wait to campaign
Against you  song bird MCcain the
Maverick LoL  karma
Got him u r next democrate TRUMP TRAIN Xpress Choo
Lawrence O'Donnell said it best while cutting you massive slack. Where were you 5 years ago ?!

Note to #Congress. No one is upset with #Trump. We are all upset with YOU.
Jeff, too little too late
HAHAHAHA you know who else has a Purple Heart? MUELLER
If you really want to thank us how about immigrating to Venezuela.
This is illegal and & @GOP is the part of treason. Bye Bye @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan 
GOP campaigns took $7.35 million from oligarch linked to Russia | Commentary | Dallas News https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
Yes, thanks from the head RINO. Your ass will be looking for work soon. #MAGA #DRAINTHEFLAKESFROMTHESWAMP
http://www.deplorablecongress.com/ 
Hope you get voted out of office and replaced with a conservative. You're a joke and part of the swamp.
What a shame @realDonaldTrump had 'heel spurs' #Coward
And thank you for what you are doing
Saw you on MTP on Sunday, let's start doing what you're saying ...
RINO 
China was likely to overtake the U.S. but GOP cowards has accelerated that event while democracy dies here. Goldwater would be proud!
You're not the President and never will be...get behind the man we elected and love @POTUS! You're a RINO!
Just heard u condemning those at the Dumpster fire rallies for chanting Lock her up who exactly was at #RNC Cleveland again ... Idiot #GOP
Better late than never about Republicans about President Obama's birth....SAD
Thanks for showing that you have one shred of decency. The party has lost all moral high ground! Hope you can bring it back to the center!
Wow Jeffie Boy @Lawrence just put you in your place Where were you when Trump was telling his lies About Obama Where were you Jeff?
You absolutely did NOT do enough then about the Birtherism LIE trump started! Moving forward have a nice week 
In the mirror, your nose points to the left, young Padawan. Your nose points to YOUR LEFT. Use the Force.
And thanks to all the casualties of the republic that are being purged from voter rolls by banana Republican Trump admin. 2x more dems
But bend over he will screw you
Including #martinwingo
Looking forward to you getting your cheesy ass handed to you in the Primary. #ArizonaYouCanDoBetter
ESPECIALLY RICHARD BLUMENTHAL
then take care of our vets and the bad VA you have in Phoenix.Give more to vets then refugees and http://illegals.Show  you care
You don't care. Your a fraud.  .. enough said. Back to my beer.
You're a lying fraud. #rino #fakeconservative #flake #azsen #teaparty #ccot #tcot #maga #draintheswamp
Certainly not meant for Trump. He's never served anyone but himself & never sacrificed anything. He's a coward.
Healthcare reform is NOT tax cuts for the rich, maintenance of for-profit insurance industry, and gutting Medicaid.
Especially those remaining from "the greatest generation". God bless the men and women who helped to save the world.
Your name suites you Go to the Democrat side please
Your days of being senator are numbered. I suggest you go find a church to confess
Are you a Republican or Democrat? Hard to tell with you. You seem to be a Democrat but your bio says you're a Republican.
Thanks for remembering the vets and active military. I think everyone would appreciate you and your colleagues more if U stood up to @POTUS
Senator. @kayleighmcenany is now the GOP spokesperson. SHE is an unrepentant BIRTHER. Will you speak up?
Loser!
Hey while Im flippn 4 your 30 day vacation have a beer on me not 4  your Trump obstructionism but because you guys are so special
Speak up for your fellow senators, Mr. Spineless.
I see what you did there, Senator. That necessarily excludes @POTUS
Too bad you allow trump Tv.. a communist move for .@gop shame on you and your federal judge appointments.
No, he doesn't allow Trump TV, the first amendment does.
Why not call out trump on his slagging of your colleague, who's a vet btw
Certainly wasnt Donald trump, he served by not getting a STD during Viet Nam according to his interview on The Howard Stern Show!
18%
Now, please work hard to uphold the democratic ideals that Purple Heart patriots fought for.
Veterans respect honor that leaves you out.  MAGA
Hey thanks Russian bot!
I'm sure the veterans of this country could care less what you sayMAGA
Want to say something about the President bashing a Veteran and Senator? You wanted a chance to be better, here is your chance.
He bashed a fake
Was Blumenthal a Marine or no? Was draft deferment Don a service member?
And thank you Senator Flake for your book conscience of a conservative. I am very much enjoying it! You are a true patriot. Unlike Trump
Donald Trump faked bone spurs to dodge the Vietnam draft.
