And that statement is all we need to know about your privilege and racism.

#NeverFlake @JeffFlake we are going to run a campaign head and shoulders above any #rinos to #MAGA 
Wow what balls you have to come out in support of him as the democrat you are!
Sessions attitudes about civil asset forfeiture and the drug war are way out of step with reality.
He should resign. Why?  Because he has to recuse himself on all election matters &  Obama crew wiped their ass with Constitution daily.
One of the main reasons for Trump win was perception that Obama DoJ played politics. &, they did. AG Sessions a great man.  But, recusal NG.
You should have such integrity....NOT.
What? The same Sessions who couldnt remember meetings w/Russians? Do the Russians have Kompromat on you too? Sad!
Russia Russia Russia... so pathetic
Racism is not showing integrity. Trump effect continues &  you have not answered my ? from townhall or maybe this is your answer white wins
Really? How about he gets your family from nvrstigated by Mueller and Rosenstein the Obama controlled tools?
Something you're not.  You could never be like him. You're a liberal, and like them you're a good liar.
this country needs more Republican senators like Mr. Flake thank you for your service sir, Mike Pence in 2017
He was one of the last real Conservative Senators. Now that he's gone theirs only a handful left. And no, you are not a real conservative.
Liar. If it benefits you politically, you'll throw Sessions under the bus... just like any republican establishment liar.
Zip it

Too bad we can't say the same for you ...You are a TRAITOR
A perjured racist using DoJ Civil Rights Div to sue on behalf of white people has your confidence and support?!?  Seriously?!?  

#Bizzaro
Sessions does not care for you. He knows you're one of the owned senators who loves establishment politics. Prefers to see you lose
Just a little racism and misogyny
Integrity? What?
Nooooooo.
Interesting definition of "integrity" you must have.
Really? While you rub up against all those libs who called him all kinds of hate filled names trying to destroy the man?U call ur voters 

Great but it doesn't matter as you will be primaried and ousted in 2018. Kelli Ward will be new senator. Brush up your fast food skills.
Glad to see someone with a spine in the GOP. Way to go Senator! Stand on your own principles. Not those of someone who has little to none.

You need to support Your @POTUS also. We are watching
anyone committing perjury would have petty low integrity. Recall Jeff lied to the Senate Judiciary twice.#Resist
Umm a Special Counsel was appointed on the word of a man(Comey)who already perjured himself 3 times under oath (on live T.V) to Congress.
Excellent Trump-trolling, Senator! 
Looks pretty bad in light of his bogus Affirmative Action investigation
How to get a Dem to support someone they all called racist? Have Trump gossip about him.
President Trump has reportedly taken aim at GOP Senator Jeff Flake,  exploring ways to help oust the Never Trumper. Bye bye.
If I were him, I wouldn't want UR support! He's not a RINO! Time to drain the swamp! WE are sick of fake republicans! We know who y'all are!
u r a globalist rino
Jeff Flake does not have the confidence of  electorate. Lied to get elected.  You've obstructed the @POTUS we elected. We want his agenda.
And Session will or already has flipped and we all know it. You sir will go down with your TREASONOUS @GOP
You think lashing out in pretend on tRUmp is going get you re-elected? Oh no you are way too late. EPA ordered to stop on methane! TICK TOCK
When are u up for reelection? Gotta root out swamp dwellers like u
Well, your memory is short! He lied under oath (perjury) about his Russian meetings! 
He's a racist pig.  Got lipstick?
He is not a man of integrity. He is a racist Kennedy thought unfit. How can you spew such garbage? #HistoryTells
I like you Senator... with that being said, Sessions is a racist and is getting what he derserves.
You are a RINO.
We will unelect all RINO's soon.
Sessions is a known racist. Period. No integrity.
Just saw your Charlie Rose interview. You seemed so sane and decent. Yet you support corrupt racist private-prison-filling  Jeff Sessions?
This country doesn't need a senator like u a racist a bigot if you back jeff sessions consider & him an honorable man 1 who lied under oath
u also believe in lying-cheating 2get anything u want integrity-honesty 2b kicked aside for Winning is Everything - sessions lied Under oath
sessions is a racist if u support him & he has ur confidence then u 2 must b a bigot a racist & believe In keeping minorities in their place
You might want to let Trump know
How you can say this about Sessions and then write so eloquently in your new book about how the Rs have lost their way? So disappointing.
Was it integrity that caused him to lie during his confirmation hearings?
He is implementing horrible policies-including civil forfeiture. We can do better.
Based on his words and actions as a Senator, I truly do not see what you all see in this man.




It's no wonder AZ has such a racist identity  with our senators supporting white supremacist Sessions. AZ deserves better #FlakeOut
Sessions appears to me to be a racist shit of a man. But then I don't know him very well.
#republicans like you are the worst, and your book title is a sick joke. The pretense of decency; all persona. No core values whatsoever.
I doubt you would say that if he was responsible for your family to be under federal investigation by the cover-up chief for Clinton & Obama
Of course u like this liar who has hurt more blacks than he ever imagined he could. Die hard racists w/no understanding of the law.
Did the Established GOP know McCain was going to vote no?  Is that why the rest voted yes?  Games is what got Trump elected. We want results
He lied under oath. Where's the integrity in lying?
AG Sessions should be tasked with the DHS post. So the new AG can do his job to the fullest extent. No recusal.
Listen Jeff. Its time to unite against trump and ask for pence to stand in. He is dangerous and you know it. DO THE RIGHT THING!
Shame on you,want to work with AG and not with president? What's wrong with you man? Trump is my president , shame shame shame.
Yep, for a racist with a vindictive sense of justice, but Little Donny should support his attorney general. Trump is a backstabber.
Thank you for speaking out against Trump's incivility.
How? He lied. He is a known racist. We are watching. We are. He had to recuse of course. Any man would have resigned. Where is #patriotism?
Thank you for speaking out.
Flake.the Fake. thats what Potus says... he loves name calling a real man #MAGgots
Please stand against the corrupt demented ravings of our lunatic President. History will not be kind to him.
Well aren't you special?! Wish you would do the same for az voters.

CALL @JeffFlake and demand he #VoteNO on "skinny repeal." This will raise premiums & hurt Americans and Arizonans alike! 202-224-4521 
Then you must not know him. Or be familiar with his legislative history.
In case you were curious about what real senators do
This Lisa Murkowski video is one of the strongest responses to Trump I have seen made by a GOP politician to date.
What about the President's implication that the AG's job is to protect him? "At long last, have you left no sense of decency?"
Until Trump fires him. Then you'll find reasons to back Trump. For god's sake - grow some balls.
Sessions is a racist creep who "allegedly" colluded with #TrumpRussia
A racist liar has integrity? Interesting theory.
Are you talking about the racist who thinks it's cool for police to steal from people? When did he demonstrate integrity?
He is a racist!  Are you insane?!  You need to go. #2018midterms #ShameOnYou
Sessions is hardly a man of integrity, but I see what you did here - kinda sticking it to @POTUS  but not enough that you'll be called out.
Why aren't u standing up to Trump How can u sit by quietly as he ruins this . Ur supposed 2B part of the solution, not part of the problem
Jesus I can't wait to vote you out in 2018
Jeff Sessions is a racist and, per Trump comment, was hired to protect him from Russian investigation  #yoursupportmisplaced
You start taking away people's ability to get the help that you need and I am sure you will encounter more violent individuals at ur office
He's a rabid, regressive conservative, probably a racist.  But God bless him, he should stand up for the Justice Department & not resign.
He's an unqualified potentially treasonist racist but good to know you are supportive. Probably helps in your upcoming Primary Challenge.
Ummmmm... yeah, that's why you will NEVER GET MY VOTE!!!..cause you support a traitor to the republic and show no remorse
Probably won't be working with him long. I see you getting voted out. I am not voting for you.
i agree he is a man of integrity. .......but he still is a redneck ridge runner hillbilly racist. ..
Except for those pesky little lies about meeting Russians. The word 'integrity' seems a bit of a stretch. #JeffSessions
If he is your idea of a man of integrity I assume you have no idea what integrity means. http://Dictionary.com  can help! Look it up!
Integrity? You mean as he was calling people the N-word? Great, got it.
It's truly mind-boggling to see how the GOP has been sabotaged by ideologies of indifference. The Good Samaritan has become The I Don't Care
I would like you say "really? seriously?" but I know you are serious about supporting a bigot, a liar, and someone who colluded with Russia.
Stop being an @Institutional Actor" while our   burns  First @gop member to break out will be a national hero
President Donald Trump's approval is underwater in 11 states he won in November http://cnn.it/2uZBhD2  
ObamaCare isn't perfect, but it's highly important to millions of ppl. I wish you had the capacity to improve it rather than killing it.
How'd you feel if one of your loved ones became uninsurable due to medical conditions? Would you spend your life savings on them?
Trump and Sessions chose to do the Russian dance; if you wanna join them, you will lose thousands of votes in 2018. You've already lost mine
Hope you have Sessions back if Trump fires him and file for impeachment! #NotMyPresident
You can't recognize integrity because you don't have integrity. You don't listen to your constituents or Americans.  #TrumpcareKills
This bigot takes us back to dark ages another bad vote Jeff#sad
Are you a racist as well??  Integrity??  Really??  Integrity??   The guy lies under oath.   Can't recall or remember anything.   #yousuck
Was he displaying integrity when he LIED about meeting with Russians? #ImpeachTrumpNow






Continue to work with him as he takes our justice system in the wrong direction? You really are on a slippery slope.
I don't trust you.....How much contribution to your PAC are you seeking from Trump? He purchased Marco's vote for $200,000
He apparently has integrity in the Russian investigation but an independent counsel would make administration integrity mute.
The only reason i want Sessions tp stay is he is staying out of investigation then he can go with all u good ole boys club
Just needs to uncuse and do his job. Roses rein running DOJ
I feel just awful for him. Such a distinguished gentleman being mowed down by an idiot.
Until 2018...
#healthcare
What? He is nothing as you describe. You bailed on us Flake with your two votes yesterday. Back to Snowflake you go. A real disappointment
Hahahaha!
And he hates black people
Unfortunately you both proved to be Corrupt on stealing Native lands for mining. If you want I can RT the entire saga again?
You have mine as well Senator Flake.  You are much admired.
https://twitter.com/elriohealth/status/882993293037981696 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
@JeffFlake Our patients say #ProtectOurCare! 73,000 children gained coverage due to Medicaid exp, Don't take it away. #KeepKidsCovered 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
How will you explain to someone in Phoenix that they will play 4x, 50% more, or 2x what hey pay under ACA @JeffFlake & @SenJohnMcCain? 
You and Sessions will "Reap what you sow"..You wanted Trump and you got him.. He makes you appear to be just another lap dog!  "Bigly sad"!
I'd make the orange headed troll fire me, if I was the little grey headed elf.

At this rate the next appointee from Trump will be an actual FSB handler who flies in from Murmansk for the hearing.
Thanks, Mr. Flake. Please don't let him resign or buckle under Trump. Him in his role is the only safety net we have right now.
Fix the ACA. Be humane.
@brahmresnik as a fellow Arizonan and a former supporter, I say with all sincerity “go f yourself Jeff. #fake
Really dude?
Like you Jeff he's not getting anything done!!!
Yada yada disappointed yada yada yada....I will do as the President directs.
@realDonaldTrump I want Clinton and Leak Investigations too. AG Sessions is a good guy. Support him and let him do his job!!
Your choices & your taste in allegiances are both shite. May you be forever inscribed in the past tense. #loserin2018
So you are invited to the crowning of the first King of the New Deplorable Party, you kissed the  former member of GOP sleep well.
Recess appointment will create a constitutional crisis
6) There is one possible alternative:  Trump and Sessions are fakin' a public feud, but Sessions has agreed to step down during recess.
Mr flake listens and i appreciate that
You will never be re-elected in #Arizona. You abandoned all of the state and all of the nation with your votes on health care. Shame on you.
Please hang in the AG Session u have our support in AZ
So when @realDonaldTrump fires him you will finally stand up to him? #StandUp #WorstPresidentEver #TrumpRussia
Since you appear to have lost any integrity you might have had, I think I won't count on your opinion.
Wow standing for something?
You're moving to Alabama??
Hopefully this is a WARNING  to our Mobster #FakePresident
Your buddy keeps throwing shade at Sessions. Can’t trust the Trumpster-Dumpster and yet you did his bidding in your vote today. Way to go.

He committed perjury u jerk and is a racist and has last centuries ideas on crime what are u thinking
The ONLY reason he needs to stay is so that Mueller can stay. Otherwise Sessions is a Russian TRAITOR and LIAR  He should flip on Trump
He lied under oath. Wtf do you take us for #cult45?
Wow. Delusional much? That man wouldn't know integrity if it bit him in his little elf ass. And you need a dictionary son.
Whatever you will do whatever the Con in our White House. You and the .@gop are ruining our country. #voteoutgop
Will be very curious to see how you and your peers react with feigned outrage when DJT fires AG Sessions. You have no integrity w/vote today
Why do you want to take healthcare away from Americans? What's wrong with you?
that sucks, he's racist trash that wants to criminalize legal marijuana and advance civil forfeiture. real small government stuff, jeff.
Boo. #Flakeout2018
I'm confused, is this a parody account?
.@JeffFlake, @USAGSessions is violating recusal of #TrumpRussia investigation. Pls do ur job on @senjudiciary, put Rule of Law above Party.
Coretta Scott King would disagree with you. I'm with her.
"man of integrity"? .@USAGSessions lied during conf hearings! Your stance on ACA, Affordable Healthcare is what #WeThePeople need to hear.
OMG! What planet do you live on "Failing Flake"? Sessions is a lying bigot who left integrity at the  bottom of the outhouse a long time ago
Dang Jeff, I almost liked you.
Why?
Many others know him to be a racist and a liar.
Sorry but a man of integrity wouldn't demonize cannabis and waste resources fighting a plant. Well at least we know where you stand.
Simply said Flake, you will be on the wrong side of history where Goober Sessions is concerned ... mic drop.
Really, can you explain why Nobody from Criminal Gang of 10 have been questioned or arrested. THEY DO NOT GET A FREE PASS. @TheJusticeDept
Then grow a pair and tell @realDonaldTrump that the Senate will reestablish the Special Counsel statute if he fires Muller. Dont just TALK!
So declare for all to hear that you will not vote for replacement if he fires Sessions, or if Sessions fires Mueller. U know how this works
Integrity? Not only has he pushed extremely racist policies for years, he also committed perjury during his senate hearing. He's a bad guy
BS.  Why did Sessions meet with Russians ?  Sessions did not disclose this meeting as required.  Then he lied to Congress .  Sessions is bad
We don't live in a police state .  Sessions "law & order" BS is wrong. The drug war for the past 50 years has failed. Sessions sucks !
Sessions has not right to harass states that have legalized marijuana.  We have states right.  Sessions is a no good southern cracker.
Cough.
Sessions is to integrity as your son is to animal welfare.
Sessions is a racist &  deserved to be fired for everything except recusing himself. PS #healthcare bill is shit. Save the #ACA
His policy on civil forfeiture is very disturbing, and you should be taking action to prohibit it.
He's a racist and completely unethical but I prefer that Trump should have to fire him than him resign.
EQUAL JUSTICE...NO ON IS ABOVE THE LAW. There is enough proof right now to put Hillary in jail for 20 years & that is just what was released
Integrity is not a word that comes to mind when I think of Sessions. Even with the bar being set as low as it is that's a stretch.
Sen Flake I've heard U are good man Please prove by discovering ur political conscious UR brand of conservatism is heartless. UNChristlike!

