will you discuss the deportation of #GuadalupeGarcia and how this affects her two American-born children?
@Maggyw519 @JeffFlake @chucktodd this is awful!! is there any remedy 4 this family @RoKhannaUSA @DianneFeinstein @KamalaHarris
yes move to mexico problem solved
they are Americans
lmao so americans cant live in mexico?
yeah come get me Brad I stand for the constitution
hate and lies and lack of respect for democracy is all you have
stand up for your constituates sir, your silence on the hypocrisy is stunning.. end of the gop...trump is insane.
Get primary'd.
Get the picture?
instead of Gorsuch Chuck should ask you about   splitting 9th federal district for AZ.
When are you going to come talk to your constituents face to face? Because you're having town halls but not attending.
Been waiting for the hypocrite to meet us face to face.
Yeah it seems like GOP doesn't want to face their constituents. It's unfortunate because this is his JOB
Exactly. Flake does not represent AZ only his own agenda. We have amazing public schools. He says charter
Just vote NO on Gorsuch.  As your Flagstaff  constituent, I am mad  and  watching you and I will remember your  vote for DeVos!
#MerrickGarland should be the nominee. You stopped government last year, we will never forget. #flakeout2018
nothing more pathetic than legislator standing up for judiciary who usurps authority of other branches of government
Gorsuch deserves NOT to be confirmed due to GOP failing to do its Constitutional duty with Garland.
I think the Dems should sit on the nomination for almost a year - at least.
Agreed. Jeff and his paid buddies can kiss their jobs good bye!
I thought you were ironically hilarious saying liberals were blocking the scouts pick... where's Garland?
What about the guy Obama nominated he seemed very good. Oh, right your a robot! Party line over fairness!

46 yr. Az. Stolen seat. Merrick Garland was extremely qualified. You have become corporate troll for teapublicans-sad!
wow! Deserves to be confirmed? What about Garland? #FlakeOut2018
And I'm not being paid and I live in AZ. #FakeFlake
what are you smiling about
Better you discuss why you didn't give Merrick Garland any courtesy. He was a fine nominee. Bad play, @JeffFlake. Bad play.
@SFsanibel @chucktodd @JeffFlake   Keep this in mind in 2018 & VOTE these bums out. Make em work for a living.
not over Merrick Garland
so did putin pick this guy too since he picked the entire corrupt administration ?
Please, discuss with @chucktodd how you totally ignored hundreds of thousands of constituents in the DeVos and Sessions votes.
70 pissed off people at your "Office Hours" today.  Mary did a great job.  You - not so much.  WE ARE WATCHING YOU!
Senator Flake, Gorsuch should not be confirmed. His views are too polarizing. #voteFlakeout
be sure to ask how his constituents feel about his support of @BetsyDeVos. #flakeout2018
Thank you @JeffFlake for working to break up the nutty 9th circuit court. No justice there anymore. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/02/09/bill-to-split-nutty-9th-circuit-gains-momentum.html … #tcot
Stand up for all of us in AZ.Freedom of choice, separation of power and separation of church and state.We are watching
you should talk about the bribes you took from @BetsyDeVos and voted against your constituents.
because you are a suck up?  Why don't you ever listen to the people you represent?
We, the people need a townhall mtg w/YOU there. At night bigger area than todays fiasco at Apache Jct Library.
we already have vetting. You messed up. NO YOU ARE LOSING YOUR SEAT I HOPE
Judge Garland. Remember him?  How about Sessions? DeVos? Elizabeth Warren?  Shame! I will remember in 2018. I vote!
You are everywhere this week! Except attending your town halls in AZ. Your constituents only get staffers.
we missed you at the meeting in Apache Junction this afternoon. Mary sure had her hands full
when are you going to do your same job and investigate @realDonaldTrump for ethics violations?
appreciate ur view on some of Trumps positions that affect AZ directly. What is ur position on #GuadalupeGarcia
- ask if he has the tallies of voicemails, emails, calls, faxes, pro/against DeVos and how he ignored his constituents
Also ask why Flake sold out thousands of Arizonans who called, along with our children by taking DeVos 
@CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer R's afraid to denounce DT on anything.They avoid,deflect, ignore,run,hide.Darker days ahead.
Merrick. Garland.
I cannot support his hobby lobby decision to treat companies as people. You are supporting a very partisan candidate
.@JeffFlake @chucktodd What did he say to you about the separation of powers, sir.
maybe you can talk about your retirement plans. #mormonsandmojitos
I would love a question about why Flake would vote for a secretary of education who is highly unqualified!? Please!
#MerrickGarland #rAcistgop @SenateGOP @USSenatePhoto
He deserves to be confirmed...because he was nominated by a sitting president?  You mean...just like #MerrickGarland ?
missed you at SCW yesterday. Need u to start showing up
Jeff needs to stop being so scared of Trump. Just stop it. And answer the phones at office like his office did today
You meant Garland, right? This is his seat. Gorsuch can have the next one.
You mean why #merrickgarland deserves to be confirmed.
Be sure to mention how you have no idea what your constituents want and you're acting on purely self-serving motives
U are so busy making a name 4 yourself & pushing Club for Growth PACs agenda, u have forgotten AZ & lost ur  integrity
hey Club for Growth pays well
See you in 2018.
No Merrick Garland does.  Then we'll talk.
Garland is the only valid choice
635 days left until the 2018 election. Carpe diem, senator. We said no, you didn't listen. Tough primary for "Flake the Snake"
get your resume ready. You're getting voted out.
is he even going for relection? #snowflakesvflake
Maybe not, seems to be burning bridges with his constituents.
He does! He can have the next seat after Garland takes this one.
Judge Fascism Forever.
as one of your constituents, I'd love to hear your opinion on Trump's conflicts of interest.
you deserve to be voted out hypocrite. #shameful #devos #2018
Merrick Garland.
can't watch till after 8pm @MSNBC then weekends with @amjoyshow
Will he ask you what you plan to do when you're unemployed in 2 years?
can't wait
I would like you to explain why Senate treats women like second class citizens! It is 2017 and I thought you were ok.
you should be here in Apache junction with your constituency
hi Sen Flake, we r missing u at yr Townhall meeting in Apach Junction
Will he ask you how you let someone buy a cabinet position?
