Great idea - more the one that killed Kate Steinle into your living room and the hard working MS 13 savages to paint your bathroom

ANOTHER article in favor of importing more cheap labor for your corporate donors .. don't you care about the American poor at all?
We do not have a problem with legal immigrants. We do have issue with illegal people. You are so going to lose to Dr. Kelli Ward.
Everything you eat is picked by immigrants. So you wish to get rid of all of them?
They most certainly do not. Quit peddling your bs
Name me one vegetable that is not picked my immigrants? I will wait on your BS response. Provide your facts.
Corn and potatoes all done by machinery .
So, you right the machines wake up in the morning, turn themselves on and go pick corn. LMAO. Got to love smokescreens.
Does that apply to 100% of all produce? I rest my case.
Flake, these so called immigrants are illegal aliens that broke our law & you defend them. Speaking English is an immigration requirement.
WE NEED A WALL JACKASS! BUILD IT OR YOU ARE OUT!
Why is a US senator so concerned with promoting immigration? What do you get, kickbacks from big Ag? Do Az folks agree with NYC liberals?
You have no clue what hard working Americans do , nor have you worked hard a day in your life. You wouldnt last an hour outside
Text payers and should not be forced to support Illegals !
JEFF FLAKES CAMPAIGN SLOGAN....

ILLEGALS GET JOBS.....HARD WORKING AMERICANS GET THE SHAFT

PAID FOR BY AMERICAN HATER GEORGE SOROS.
Beautiful story of an important influence. @JeffFlake- thx for telling us how Manuel shaped you. Think of him on wages & wrk conditions too?
Some thoughts on the value of hard working immigrants  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/18/opinion/jeff-flake-we-need-immigrants-with-skills-but-working-hard-is-a-skill.html?smprod=nytcore-iphone&smid=nytcore-iphone-share …

How about some thoughts on Americans, can you swing that one Flake????
Perhaps you should consider switching parties, and as a Democrat, I mean that as a compliment.
There is no compliment in calling anyone a Democrat
You are done.  Too little to late!

...wont pick the melons or do the work they do. Good people just trying to provide for their family. I hate Trump's agenda. Do right by us.
CONGRESS NEEDS TO TAKE IMMEDIATE ACTION TO PROTECT AMERICAN CITIZENS. Borders, Language, Culture.
Come on flake-no one is saying illegals are lazy! But they are breaking law because they came to USA illegally!constitution is supreme
Rule of law has nothing to do with justice, or moral correctness.
Yes it does!
"Rules" can be made by corrupt and evil leaders.  Those rules are "broken" by the righteous.
Senator Flake has an estimated net worth of $283,001 he has nothing in common with us out here poor,Congress is oppressive!!!
Flaky: You're not supporting POTUS. You are going to lose. 

None of these people seem to understand the difference between immigrants and illegal aliens.
Lol. You still here. Tic toc. Voting you out!
Are u even from AZ??
Able to vote. Anymore ???
AMERICANS FIRST! Once all Americans r employed, have a roof over their head & food on their table, then talk to me about foreigners LIBTARD
Politicos use the term immigrant, often enough, when referring to illegals that the brain dead citizenry doesn't know the difference. Bravo.
There are lot of inner city kids with no degree, who can barely speak English. Why don't you give some thoughts to them? #CutTheBullShit
Immigrants or illegals? Stop the BS @JeffFlake
Flake seriously!! You have so much hate for our President clouding your judgment. Cut 50% get Americans to work tax cuts then adjust #maga
Dear Flakey @JeffFlake , there's a difference between immigrants & illegals. LEARN IT! We support immigrants. We DON'T support illegals.
So glad this bozo is OUT next year. @kelliwardaz will actually STAND with her constituents unlike Flake who sold out to Alt-Left & @PPact $
As long as they are Legal!
I agree, legally! Worked with Immigrants 4 yrs. Build factory's that they worked in. Legally. Immigrants that came legally deserve better!
http://www.americanpatriotdaily.com/featured/jeff-flake-challenge-donald-trump/ …
kinda like slavery - minimum wage to keep the costs down and jobs out of Citizen hands. eCheck and eject.
https://twitter.com/bmpererz/status/900190502548520960 …
-So Senator, R U willing to differentiate illegal immigrants from legal immigrants? If not, WHY NOT JEFF?Are U committed to serve & protect?
How about supporting LEGAL IMMIGRANTS&CITIZENS..rinos like mccain,sasse,ryan need to remember we want the Trump populist movement agenda..
Getting some sense I see.
You are an embarrassment to your faith.
how about your thoughts on unmployed Americans because illegal immigrants are being hired for slave labor!? #BuildThatWall
Thank you, Jeff Flake.
You missed the word illegal sir.  Legal imgrnts are no problem it's the illegal  ones.  Join the Dems.  You are why Obama was so great.
This administration is cold and hateful and it's getting worse. We're a negative bundle of energy to ourselves and the rest of the world.
Immigrants do work Americans won't do. Make it easier for illegals to work. Our economy was better better before AZ chased them all away.
Too bad most immigrants come here, thanks to your support, to collect food stamps & welfare.
It's not about if they work hard. It's about if they are LEGALLY in country.
Jeff Flake I hope you lose..you deserve it.
No one says they are not hard working. I am sure there are a billion hard wirking foreigners...doesnt mean they should come to the US
flake = Senator Jackassery the Republican RINO
why did you say we need low skill immigrants isn't that a put down
I'm all for hiring immigrants, as long as they're legal AND let's not forget the Americans w/no skills, which should come first? Chick/egg
PLEASE ARIZONA, VOTE FOR DR. KELLI WARD @kelliwardaz *Flake is a phony, & an open borders loon. Keep America 4 AMERICANS #MAGA @POTUS @VP 
NO @JeffFlake, we don't. YOU PROBABLY NEED THEM. WE WORKING AMERICANS DO NOT NEED MORE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS. U R PART OF THE PROBLEM #MAGA 
Nazis were hard-working 2 what about all those waiting in line to do it right? Slap them in the face & spit on them you're a fraud & a joke
I love how Globalists shill for MORE FOREIGN WORKERS when they know full well AI is going to eliminate human labor in multiple categories
I guess you don't take the coming AI revolution seriously, Jeff. You must one half the country unemployed in the future instead of 1/3
this is why we need a solid green card program. If those who come here to work want to stay, then they apply legally. Bottom line.
We have animals tearing down our statues and you have a dopey book about conservatism. Lol you republicans are so blind. Only Trump fights!
And not one of them will vote for u
Keep them in your house, we do not want them.....
Kelli Ward for senate
We stand behind you Senator!
VOTE FOR DR. KELLY WARD.  Don't vote for a fake flake!
Dr Kelly ward is who we want.  Not establisment types anymore
Kelli Ward!!!
You know nothing about hard work unless you call ripping off the American taxpayers or defrauding the public hard work. U r a POS!!!!!!!!
Bye Flake. Better start packing your office RINO.
Plantations, eh?  Low skills, low intelligence, no peek engleech...  Why don't you go to the fields to pick tomatoes? You'd fit right in...
Hard working my ass...
Working Americans at least we can sleep good at night
Hey flake head hope you are looking for your next gig come 2018 seriously hope you can feel the same pain we feel as we use to be hard
How about you support @realDonaldTrump we know there are many sides to the hate, why can't you admit too? #SupportTrump #SUPPORT45
It's illegal immigrants we have a problem with.. Do you not listen ?
Without immigrants, America would be a failed dream, with fewer skills and ideas. We need fresh blood, not "blood and soil".
Legal v. Illegal.  You are a RINO and will not be reelected.  Americans voted for President Trump and his AGENDA...not yours and McCains!
Senator, I'm an Italian journalist and I'm trying to get in touch with you, could you please DM me your contact info? Thanks!
I'm from NJ, but thx to ur Pro-Amnesty position & disgraceful comments about my President, I will be donating to your opponent @kelliwardaz
We need American revolution to take down these corrupt, greedy, & cruel politicians like you who thinks they own this country. Not far away!
why is your son murdering dogs? he killed 20 dogs for his amusement and got off. resign and tend to your crazed kid!
Enjoy your short-lived time as a Senator.
Will be so glad when you get ousted out of the Senate. 18% approval rate now.
It will be a good day for America when your gone
Get ready to lose to Kelly Ward..
we may need legal immigrants from time to time but not ILLEGAL!!!! what dont you understand?
Faux conservative Flake's approval rating at 18%.  Far lower than the President that he keeps trashing, Keep it up, Flaky, it will be ZERO!!
Some thoughts on hard working senatorsThey don't exist, low life , like FLAKE, MCCAIN, RUBIO, GRAHAM, SCHUMER, SNOWE, MURKOWSKI
Jeff Flake, a total flake, from Snowflake Az. You are on borrowed time sir. Kelli Ward is your replacement.
Check to see if his parents claimed  this guy as an employee on their taxes. And also check to see if this  employee filed taxes.
Sounds like they used this guy as a slave.
Thank you for being a rational voice in a world stuck in party politics. I'm glad you're a Senator & wish I could vote for you. Keep it up!
Here, here. Thank you Senator!
pickers. Fix the border then implement a Work Visa Program, to get that done first the RINO'S like Flakes needs to be VOTED OUT!!!
I love the way they always leave out "LEGAL" when speaking of immigration then bring up pickers which insults Mexicans whom are not all.....
When will the idiots of this world understand that
No we don't!!! We need a better education system country wide!!! We should be at the top. We are outranked in math, science & reading 
Sure we don't need boarders, just let everyone in we can put them all on the welfare system so American workers can work until 80 wake up.
I am a moderate AZ Republican. But I respect your integrity, values & approach. I will support your reelection. You should run for POTUS.
@realDonaldTrump @VP some thinking you should do.
I'm not worried about "Manuel", but about Osamas and Mohamed's here illegally. Next election not voting for any incumbent. 
Out with flake these illegals take americans jobs.
It is not coincidence that your last name is Flake! You belong on the Democrat side with their ridiculous ideas! Keep the rich rich!
There are many more Americans who also are willing to work hard. Why should they be excluded because their names are John, Fred, Bill etc.
And you and those of your ilk who need to be thrown out of office but foreigners before citizens #DrainTheSwamp time to boot U out of office
Against illegal immigration but lying terds like you try to deflect and ignore the rapist and gang members that have flooded in under Obama
Typical lying politician who plays tries to play word games. There is no issue with immigrants. The people put Trump in office to protect us
Come on Jeff, I'm a  Arizona Citizen and I'm certain your focus should be on Americans & Arizonans not immigrants. They drain our benefits.
Most are paying taxes, and it's illegal for them to receive 'benefits'. Anyway, welfare state does more to enslave than does it 'benefit'.
Not to worry you'll be right with them on the ranch real soon.
I'm a democrat but there's just something about you which gives me pause. I think you are my favorite republican. Aim for the WH
Thank you!  Choked me up.  I lived in AZ once.  Love it and love it people.
Yes! Hard work and the desire to take advantage of any opportunity.
My LEGAL not ILLEGAL immigrant parents both voted for Trump. 
As well as their two daughters. 
To bad you don't know the difference.
We need more automation.  We do not need more unskilled who come here and fight hard not to assimilate.  Slightly better than RINOs though!
Hey Jeff ...Obidence of the law is liberty!
Then work on ways that immigrants will be welcomed and have a path to citizenship. Deporting them now scares all immigrants.
Use common sense...someone who breaks the law is a CRIMINAL!! No other way to put it
So if we dont enforce immigration laws why enforce any? If I rob a bank am I just a forceful money taker?? Why enforce that law??
@JeffFlake another RINO that doesnt understand enforcing LAWS!! If they are illegal they have broken the law PERIOD!!
They're anti-immigrant. Just like it's up to white ppl to end racism. It wouldn't be ok to expect blacks to end racism right? (2)
So often it's POC/immigrants who must prove themselves worthy, but it shud b white ppl who shud prove if color/race is the reason why (1)
maybe u should get off my dime  and get a job where u do have to work hard and support your family without gov welfare
Yes you are right LEGEAL IMMIGRANTS! BUILD THE WALL! Kelly Ward 2018!
You know Trumps racist bias against Mexicans yet you are silent on despicable wall here in AZ. It's wrong. Fix the immigration laws. #nowall
Wow! must read. Senator I don't understand how you can be part of the GOP? A pean to the "wretched immigrants" the most valuable of all.
Most of us work hard to make ends meet while you ride the gravy train and spew hate
The mind set of the Flake.
Jeff Flake: We had a great illegal immigrant worker on our ranch when I was kid. Therefore, US should grant at least 1m green cards a year. 
How does thisstay in office when we can't tell the difference between legal and illegal 
We need LEGAL immigrants with skills willing to become AMERICANS  speak ENGLISH others need not apply
Just wow I sure as hell hope AZ vote your butt out if you don't know the difference between illegal ALIEN to LEGAL immigrants
We won't do the work they do and then we dis them when it comes to an immigration policy. The Wall is not the answer.
Who does the tax plan republicans pushing help
Keeping #AmericaFirst & a 1st world nation the future of immigration is RAISE. Establishment globalist hacks like you are toast. #TrumpGOP
When immigrants LEGALLY entered via Ellis Island, they paid their way, rented an apartment & there was no government handouts, no welfare.
Why Arizona only elects ? 
Are you a closet liberal?? You act and talk like them. Our president was right to condemned both side at the protest! #AntifaTerrorists #BLM

Flakey: 'Americans don't work hard enough, so we need to open border & let hard workers in.'  #MostAntiAmericanWorkerStatementEver
How about upholding the current laws of the United States of America "Senator" Flake that you took an oath to preserve? It's called honor.
I am sorry but pls reconcile how you can write this while asking DOJ to expand Operation Streamline? According to these facts, Manuel should
accding to ur own request be prosecuted for illegal entry "[e]ach time, he made his way back." Think abt Manuel next time u lobby for OSL.
Vote For #KelliWardForSenate
 FIRE RINO Jeff Flake
#DrainTheSwamp  
#DrainTheSewer
What kind of American would rather see his/her own people suffer and yet open their arms to ILLEGALS? #Pathetic
It's pathetic when our elected officials would put an ILLEGAL immigrant above our own people! We have homeless people, and starving familes!
i am sure the farmers who hire llegals, would  be glad to hire the homeless you are mentioning, if they are willing to do the illegal's work
My undoc'ed immigrant neighbor: they work hard, makes less, pay more rent, wake up early, go home late, they have no healthcare & retirement
50% of households headed by an immigrant (legal or illegal)  benefit from government assistance programs
Campaigns on conservatism then turns his back. No one likes a Flake.
Do you have any thoughts on the value of hard working senators?
Hard work is what I do, it take very much effort to stab our POTUS in the back!
Libs don't see the difference between law abiding immigrants to illegals that bleed us dry!  Too bad!
Flake off, you're done!
Support immigrants but not hard working Americans! You & @SenJohnMcCain are out come November 2018! @SpeakerRyan @GOPChairwoman @GOP
Jeff, growing up in the salad bowl of California I experienced the same thing. Those were family men, not in gangs and never cause problems.
Yep u are going to change political parties only question now is when? Wouldnt be suprised 2 see Mac go with you as wingman!Wont work imho!
Jeff Flake is the best Democrat the Democrat party has. He needs to go. We can't trust Jeff. Keli Wade is a better choice. BTW screw McCain.
Hard working immigrants agreed. Hard working immigrants here illegally take jobs from Americans not working I couldn't disagree more
We need no more immigrants!
Jeff you need some therapy! People's who go thru traumatic events like being killed by the peaceful left Should seek help! Not Kidding!
You know what Flake..being legal does not hurt their work ethics..in fact it enhances it. LEGAL immigrants do fine work here.
You get some work done Mr. Flake, you are losing my vote.
#NEVERAGAINFLAKE  I'm ashamed I voted for him. I will not make that mistake again.
The book should be titled."Conscience of a RINO"
the moment there is 0% unemployment among citizens I will agree with you
Working long and hard is what you have to do, when you are an unskilled laborer.
Illegal Aliens
Even an illegal wouldn't kill a dozen dogs like your boy did
If they follow the laws to be here that's all fine and good. When you're an illegal you don't get to stay.
Dr Kelli Ward will replace you, legal immigration is fine, illegal immigration is breaking the law.
What about illegals? You left that out
I've worked in restaurants back in the day. I never saw such hard-working guys as those (probl) undocumented Mexicans.

we have more than enough 'manny's' here in America who have families on welfare.
You better start standing with @POTUS  Illegal immigrants could easily take majority in a few yrs. Is this what u want for your gr children?
we do not want illegals here don't you get it ? How dense can you be you ? You will loose 2018 no amount of money to fix
I once helped someone study for their citizenship. She was among the best. Thanks for this, and as a citizen of Arizona, you have my vote.
Don't compare apples and oranges He is giving an account of his experience as a kid Nothing else.  Some leaders would do well to take note
He just lost 
LMAO
Pay 4 the illegal's out of your own pocket, u know, your maids & yard  maintenance crew.
Thank you for speaking up, so honestly, and expressing the anger we all feel in a way that makes it easier for us all to cope. Bless you.
Hard work is also moral Constitution and dedication, and ethical  ideals. That's for sure high is a high value immigrant.
I see those poor people daily in the field in 100 degree heat That should be against the law. They are not treated like  human. Be humane
