Thank you for standing up for actual conservative values Senator, not this new brand of "conservative", based on a bizarre hatred for others
For me growing up, "Conservative" meant you believed in the efficient free market, not in hating mexicans, muslims and liberals
Conservatives don't hate Mexicans, Muslims, or Liberals! Believe ILLEGALS should come to USA Legally. Liberals R against freedom of speech.
Sir no offense but you just managed to contradict yourself twice in 140 characters
..seems so simple when you get your direction from a liberal writer and not from facts ..an uneducated voter is your best friend.
FLAKE VOTED FOR HILLARY
Jeff flake, this  dingbat, has got to Go, along with      N,C,  senator Tom. Tillis
And had no intelligent balanced talk of benefits. Not only are the many losers esp farmers from no TPP but we opened for four China /2
The world is moving on without US. We are no longer trusted.
Yes but we are removing ODUMBO
"S mistakes!!! The world has gained confidence!!
To strengthen influence and presence which they are rushing to do. Global trade is complicated. Why knew? /3
No one should be surprised by the cost of pulling out of the TPP. both Dems and gop let simplistic populist rhetoric overcome real /1
Elections have consequences.  The world is watching us unravel on so many fronts. Congress needs to act like equal branch of govt.
You need help. The TPP was not finished. Negotiations r 2 b started or are u afraid of work? Support our President. U bring us shame
Your"free trade"fantasy has led to Job losses,you chase a failed model the same way an addict chases their high.Try thinking about Americans
Flake would serve his constituents better if he was less focused on writing a book attacking POTUS than passing legislation "Sarah Sanders
Embarrassed to be from AZ thanks to you and Insane McCain 

You are a Globalist and should switch parties where you belong
Why is that a bad word? Do you even understand what it means?
Nice fix, interns. Ah ha ha ha
Would be better if you READ honest media!!!
You are the swamp 
So... you back other countries... ignoring American sovereignty? We are stronger as leaders... we are not sheep.
You agree a globalist. America first. Support the voters of this country and stop fighting our President.
Trump campaigned on and kept his promise to pull out of the TPP. 

Even Bernie Sanders opposed the job killing TPP.
Bernie was wrong on this one ask those rural farmers
95% of consumers live outside the US and more than 25% of all US jobs are trade dependent.  Pulling out of TPP was a bad deal for us.
Free trade w/ countries offering 10yr tax holiday+ $75/mo workforce DO Not strengthen US jobs.Parity of Economies can work-disparity=horror
Whats sobering are your past actions that supported the Trump agenda! You had many chances to step up & fight for ppl & you didn't. 
I give the Sen lots of credit for breaking w disastrous agenda, even if belatedly. Hope others will have the courage to do the same.
This is just one reason more of us voted for Hillary.
pulling out of TPP was a big mistake.
Only ones who like TPP are the Democrats, wrong Party. Don't worry, midterms will show you the door.
Hope these farmer's suffer greatly 4 giving us a clown president. Let the pussy-grabbing continue! Sexual assault is at an all time high.USA
This is #FakeNews, Jeffrey.
Stop shoving your globalist, TPP-loving ideals down our throat.
Nobody has moved on without us.
#MAGA #TRUMP
Solid move on Conscience of a Conservative...anything conservatives can do to help you, please let us know.
Conservatives will only help to REMOVE the lying LIB Flake!!!

Capitalism will kick in. Where there's a will there's an American making a living!
It's going to sobering when you lose in 2018. But you could run Democrat next round. Right?
Jeff Flake Looked Me in the Eye and Then Voted to Take Away My Daughter’s Healthcare
And you're pro #TPP ????!!! You're a #progressive in disguise! #FlaketheSnake
Trump isn't acting in the best interest of the US; he is just making deals to benefit himself.
Why do you insist on being STUPID???
Killing TPP was a perfect example of poison politics.  Terrible decision that hurt Americans for a headline.
Yes really hurt us which is why we are experiencing job growth and job creation 
.....for the past 8.5 years.  Do your homework.
Hey, these people voted for it. They're getting what they wanted.
Too little too late @JeffFlake you own this too ! Every member of the #GOP will wear the stench of Trump for decades !
This is on you and your party, you regressive neanderthal...
Also sobering to read about what these companies can do with my internet data thanks to your ignorant bill
And if that's not scary enough read this, Flake
You look act and talk like a Democrat, go be one you Snowflake 
Sad to watch the US lose its standing of world leader in trade. Experience in real estate doesn't translate to trade deals. Fix it sir!
Lots of great talk since the cong. break. NOW VOTE ACCORDINGLY!!  So far all of your votes have not matched your words. We are watching.
We don't need more #globalism! @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @GOP
Just change your party affiliation.
Are you kidding me? You want to screw America with TPP! You just committed political suicide!
If you are upset prove it and help rid us of this blight known as Trump!
Did you read through this article? "Could happen" ... and buried in there are facts of increased exports... not cuts. #read it through.
You forget about all the negatives to our country with the TPP.  Why don't you show some leadership on the issue rather than complain
When is the Congress going to do what everyone knows must be done:  GET RID OF TRUMP BEFORE HE BLOWS UP THE WORLD!
Maybe it's time to stop rubber-stamping everything DT puts up to the Senate? Like those absurd judges you're all passing thru w/o question.
I urge you to support H.R. 1987 for the removal of Donald Trump from office.
Politico? Geezuz Flake. The President has a degree in Economics. I'm going with Trump. America first. #MAGA
Jeff, you still never answered why you voted Yes to Trumpcare but are trashing Trump now...
Read some of your book. bet your approval rating falls below the amazing low 18%.if it had no name on it I would have thought Obama wrote it
Oh, the TPP Obama and HRC supported? Geez, would you guys make up your minds!
I almost fell in love with you Senator, please don't disappoint me.
You still haven't woken up to the fact that you helped enable the monstrosity @realDonaldTrump that you helped to create.
Great job Repubs! #MAGA #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
How quickly you gonna say yes to Sam Clovis? One or two minutes
Not to mention the effect of ridding ourselves of those pesky migrant workers.  Tough to find Americans that will toil in a field.
And yet you enable this clusterfuck..,
And yet Mr. @JeffFlake - you helped him get there. We're waiting for you to acknowledge that and apologize. Otherwise, it's just talk.
& all you brave pols had no clue once that ship sailed, the United States sat on the dock. Had to destroy Obama's legacy, fucking all of us
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/890637229843820544 …


THANK YR president u protect & voted 95% of the time with~
Globalist wld have us all believing that the pull out was the worst thing thay cld happen, but Obama was forcing our farmers 2 sell 4 less
Maybe they will VOTE HUMPTYTRUMPTY OUT NOW!!

https://www.rt.com/usa/205331-austin-flake-animal-abuse-plea/ …            #likefatherlikeson
#flakecommitspoliticalsuicide #MAGA #TRUMPARMY
We can negotiate something Better! We are getting  ripped off Flake.
.remind us did u want this r not so afraid 2 speak out constituents r left wondering  ur a fence sitter #nosenate4uin18
Wake up! It's even more sobering when looking at what TPP does to your own constituents! Why do people who need common sense fail to use it?
So LyinDonnie's policies could hurt tens of thousands of Americans in farming? Good to know after the vote

ATTENTION All AMERICANS: this is a call to action to remove ALL incumbent politicians running in 2018.#Drainthesewer https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=762648793914153&id=742135485965484&substory_index=0 … 
Derelection of duty on the part of the Senate, who should be vocal about thisyour making Vlads day
Never seen this before: the 8/9/17 @StateDept phone directory lists 227 posts as "vacant," 164 as "acting." https://www.state.gov/documents/organization/112065.pdf …
Continue to stand up, you can't turn back now
If only senators were more concerned w/banning factory farming! Cruel, inhumane & supports "big corporations" rather than small farmers.
We as Vets must Unite as the VA continues to spread fabricated rumors that the Accountability Act protect veterans! That's a lie!
But let's keep supporting this megalomaniac president...

Bot
What do we do about a nuclear war?
After Trump dumped TPP, Kushner was offered huge deal from China for 666 building and Trump got copyrights awarded.
What!?! Trump's policies have a negative impact? What about #MAGA? What about winning? Why does the @GOP keep supporting and enabling him?
GOP-Give us House&we'll do this&that. Need Senate too. Cant unless have Prez. Have it all and nothing but crickets.  Keep campaign promises!
Globalist Alert
These lobbied politicians push subsidies in the name of affordable food so these farmers can sell their goods to Asia for massive profits...
With the added "benefit" that withdrawal avoids tying our trade partners to our foreign policy for economic reasons
Now you bring this up?
You might want to check the jobs number. What a "flake"y comment
TPP takes our land, and freedoms and shoves us into poverty but thats just a small part of the hords we really don't matter when theres $$$.
Now don't let them screw up NAFTA. CAN AND MX are trading partners who can hurt our exports as much as we try to limit theirs.
Bringing all these foreigners raising land prices and taking away the way God wanted this to be done for $$$. You take our freedom by TPP.
You have wiped out our future as small farmers. God made this race of people to till the soil. You've taken that from us. Suburbs eat our la
The GOV. has made it hard as hell on the small farmer and your complaining for the rich monopolies! Here's where the GOV. cares for $$$notus
Were not allowed to make a living on ONE cow. GOV. has allowed land to run it's prices up so high $$$$ we have to coral to a small corner.
You can only see the big $$$ you appsolutly do not see the small farmer that cant sale their own milk, own cheese. Were not allowed so much.
And it will be worse for AZ and all consumers if NAFTA allows for exclusions on fresh produce for regional investigations of MX & CN imports
Your a jerk, and I am supporting :TRUMP
TPP is the worse thing on planet earth. WE DO NOT WANT IT NOR TO TAKE PART WITH IT! TPP only supports bigAG company's NOT FARMERS. A MANOPLY
Donnie thinks the TPP is horrible and now China is reaping the benefits of all the trading. SO MUCH winning... hahah
Ty 4 sharing
Some prefer 2 make decisions based on info 2 decide what is in best interest 4 masses ,  regardless of who's agenda it fits.
What is this, "FlakeNews?"
We shouldn't have pulled out of TPP but renegotiated items. No "art of the deal".  GOP owns a lot of this for allowing Trump to run amuck
Enjoy unemployment Jeff.
No tpp
your first problem is believing anything politico says.
Look at 2.6 GDP  4 Trillion stock market
1million new jods.. we see you
You are done as a grassroots choice
TRUMP TRAIN Xpress Choo choo cho
It is a real shame that USA pulled out of TPP w/o alternate plan being in place to prevent current harm.
You'll be gone soon
Traitor
Dem in MD I appreciate u stepping up to Trump-late to the game but you showed up. Swing a little more towards center & u have a chance
Especially since my dearly loved Dem's can't get a message & I feel will have 30 "leaders" of the party running. Everyone warns of Trumps
Good Retweet. Well written editorial. Critical of Trump. Likely support from populate @SenJohnMcCain. #Flake2020?
So a few pigs is worth our sovereignty,joe blow from where-everistan can tell us you ARE taking these inveted people,period??
That's what happens when people vote against their own economic interests b/c a candidate (Trump) plays to nativist/nationalist sentiment.
Trade motivates the true antitrump movement.
If Trump were removed out of all the things that'd be different the biggest difference u wouldn't notice. Trade debate would disappear.
Sometimes you need to be hurt to understand the importance of normality,  we have elected Berlusconi, I know what I am talking about.
Hey look it's Trump and his regime!
Hey look it's Obama and his traitorous posse
I just received your book & looking forward to reading it. Thanks for speaking up & stating what we all see--what is going on is not normal
Can't wait until Iowa farmers realize they voted their livelihoods away.
Your just used to grabbing your ankles under Obama!

Excellent link, thanks for sending it out
You didn't think of this before?  Plus, what do you think Trump's immigration policies will do to agriculture????
yes. we know. china wins
How about reining in your crazy prez
Man you and McCain must go! I live in AZ third generation! The worst thing my family did was vote for you two stooges! RINOS to the core!
I'll take my news from @SecretarySonny over a Senator on his way out of Office any day
I thank you sir. You have stood up and spoken out for your principles - despite backlash. That is honor.
Bullshit!
Prez had reasons for pulling out--find out what they are &help him get the ball rolling again; support our Prez-not your own agenda. @POTUS
wow jeff flake is standing up totrump...awesome
It was your job to speak up. The go along get along followship of your GOP is a negative lmpact on all. Lead, that's what you get paid for.
He is a flake
Ditto his draconian immigration goals -- it'll hurt the economies of the very places who most supported him. Tragedy.
Maybe not  a tragedy, but "The government you elect is the government you deserve."  My sympathies are with the innocents hurt by Trump.
Tragedy for those without other economic options who will lose their homes, their farms...but it IS certainly the gov't we deserve. Sadly.
I can’t understand why we feel absence of influence is > little influence. Dropping out of the TPP before negotiations ended was a mistake.
Please work on getting rid of Trump et al FIRST, then care about pigs, okay?
But but but Dolt 45 said it was a bad dill and he was gonna make the best dills .
And you'll be doing what exactly?
Maybe you should do your damn job and make sure we negotiate better trade agreements.  Makes sense Politico would be your read.
It's time to change parties senator.
Why don't you read the article and try to understand the topic? Trump will MAKE CHINA GREAT AGAIN.
So is this all part of the "someone should do something about Trump" thing you kept talking about on all the news shows last week?
You let him!
the part you are not speaking of is how we usually import more than export.  THAT'S WHY ...IT HAS TO STOP...
Which imports, specifically, should we stop importing? I lived in a country that severely limited imports. It hurt-not helped the citizens
Country imports the exporting country accrues their currency + debt financing 4 lib programs like Flake supports & u have a long term issue
Just boycott imports.
My last read of the day @RepGosar
Oh my goodness. I'll be there to support the President's agenda from AZ.
Who knew world trading pacts that benefit US workers could be so complicated?? 
Obama. Not Bernie.
tell them to "man up." NAFTA relocated several of my skilled trade jobs to Mexico. TPP would do the same. TPP fucks manufacturing jobs.
JEFF Reading Politico? NOT SURPRISED
You watch MSNBC Too?????

Huh...TPP actually hurt the very people Trump claimed he was helping by pulling out of the deal??? WEIRD @Torypls
Disturbing, if true
Of course it's ridiculous and untrue
The whole world is moving on without us, on every issue.  Do something
I call pig shit on this one
These jerks like to pop off about crap they no nothing of
He's your President.  Why did you support him ?

We are moving on without you #nomoreFlake
