Sorry, only enough room here for 11 and my Cameraman.  OBTW who are those 1,000s outside wearing those Red caps?  They don't seem to like me
When someone like you isn't right enough (according to the tweeted responses) this country is in deep doo-doo
All 8 supporters.. You are done.
Well, you got 9 votes.  Good luck getting any more.
Bum!!
How much you have to pay them?!?
You should support the President!
I think he told them it was bingo night and free coffee.
They don't look very supportive!  You may be in trouble in 2018.  Kelli Ward for Senate!
You are a fraud and will be defeated
Not much turn out.. I believe you should start packing
Rino
Hate to break it to you Jeff but you stopped at the wrong house.  Those are Kelli Ward supporters.
LMAO!
They all looks so excited!! The one lady looks like she ready for a nap!! 
Do you ever meet with small groups of independents or democrats? We're constituents too. Maybe not for much longer. Always seems party line!
Vote him out
What a joke 7 people there
Did you leave the Antifa
Supporters outside lefty
21% approval. Suck it up
Buttercup  
All LIES HE IS A LIAR
Have a good day. Enjoy bc you are on your way out Fake
How is our health insurance coming for the rest of us? NOT REALLY GOOD
Jeff Flake is getting his ASS kicked by Dr Kelli Ward

Just pathetic you empty suit. Have fun with your 9 supporters.
You sound and act like a Democrat NOT a Republican.  Pathetic. NO #DACA
#MAGA
Not gonna help buddy. You need to start working on your next career move. The circus is hiring.
Keep working hard @JeffFlake .... you let us down...it's over
He's in the rolly chair so he can make a quick escape
Yuma is @kelliwardaz country. Get lost, Jeffie.
You mean Democratic Party...
You are on your way out 
the people in Arizona don't like you for screwing them over on http://obamacare.You  can tell you took money from Soro's he owns you now
Wow, what a crowd, and none of them look impressed. Looks like all you did was talk, talk, talk. Kinda flaky, jeffie boy.
Remember the old saying what's in a name--------FLAKE Tells you all you need to know.
All five of them I see
ALL WHITE AND OLD...
Only people you could find that still support you?
Lol! NINE??
Looked like a full house , AZ doesn't want you in out, @POTUS @kelliwardaz #MAGA
You backed the WRONG horse dude....
YOU HAVE BEEN TRUMPED!
LOL you're done..
They don't look too happy to be in that room.
@JeffFlake should have supported our president. Now he will be a forgotten memory. America loves @realDonaldTrump
You certainly are living in that fantasy RINO world..  Dr Keli Ward gets my support!!!
As a life long conservative and husband/father of 3 sons: I am so glad your tenure is just about over. #spineless
That's just about his percentage approval in AZ.
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
Nine. As in 9? I bet that was nine NeverTrumpers bent on smoothing your ego & blowing the smoke of petulance up your pant legs.
Yuma doesn't stand with flake
You call that a rally?  Is Jeb your campaign manager?
Yep, those nine people that showed up are very impressive. Looks like a Hillary rally.
Senator @JeffFlake finds all nine Yuma County voters who support his views on immigration.
#MAGA

You're done Flake, better start packing up your office . Bwaahaaha!!!!!!!
So you and ALL the people that support you had a meeting?
Were y'all planning your unemployment strategy?

Come on now , you invited some friends or family?
9 of them 
Why were U having a meeting with the Opposition Party? I'm sure they found  what a total Waste of Space you are! Only verified @kelliwardaz
Looks like your entire base showed up. Resign now and let #Arizona pick someone who represents what they want.
Flake you are so fake. Like you even care about your constituents. You went the wrong way. Everybody knows the real you now. Thank god.
It won't help, you cannot possibly win. Bye bye Felicia.
Trump will drag the GOP into the abyss.
So long Mr.Flake.
Bahahabahaha. You must be discussing transfer of power to @kelliwardaz next year.good idea!
Looks more like a retirement home and he just showed up to visit his aunt....(wants her to leave him something)
want help. You are OUT!!
hello
Woohoo all 9 of ur supporters huh?!  Face it @EstablishmentHack #RINO, u r TOAST #2018Primaries!
#DrainTheSwamp #ShakeUpDC #MAGA #TrumpTrain
7 people and 6 of them showed up for the free muffins and coffee. Low energy loser
They want a wall?
Huge crowds
You've already lost the election. Give up.
Don't see a smile on any of the faces. Not good...Not good....
How many of those 9 people are related to you Flake?  Mom and Dad in the room?  Support our @POTUS or LOSE YOUR SEAT!!!!
It must have been Flakey.
@santiagos58 They look bored stiff!
.@kelliwardaz is taking you down. Rinos are will be kicked out come 2018. Only those backing POTUS will remain. So long
Hand picked so as not to face his angry constituents. A Hillary ploy now used by lying RINO members of Congress.
OMG! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL. Oh, and LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL.
Where did he gather these folks from? Looks like a neighborhood senior center!
Lotta old, white faces.
color doesn't matter
I live in CT and I am even donating to Kelli.  Trump supporters want you OUT!!
You suck
A question for you Jeff...
Nice to see diversity in this group

you need to just crawl in a hole and stay there. America deserves so much better than you. With all due respect 
Bye
Ya'll give the man a break. He is trying to help Texans in trouble. Snipe at him later. Hold your anger for now.
Sorry Kay, he gets no breaks.
The last 9 people in Arizona supporting @JeffFlake
Did you explain your support of red violence to them?
Give up Jeff, you are gone. Do yourself a favor and do the "RIGHT" thing when you return from break.
What a joke
Kool-ade and cookies were served prior to discussions.
It doesn't look too good if you look at the faces of the men staring at you like your a POS.
@JeffFlake listen up !! You and @PRyan need to support @POTUS or WE THE PEOPLE will vote you out !!
Traitor to the people that voted for you
You are pathetic. Trump fills stadiums. You can't even fill a room!  
Why did your son murder dogs?! Along with his wife?!
#maga
#DeportOpenBordersFlake
#infowars
.@realDonaldTrump
It's like a "Hillary" crowd. 
Not one of them looks happy to be in the same room as you.
Nice crowd. I had more Arizonians show up to book club tonight at my house.  We read the #MAGA agenda...you should check it out.
#MAGACoalition
All 8 of them.
You will be flushed with a lot of the other Swamp in 2018.
Looks like a riveting session. Do us a favor and step down!
Massive crowd I see.

Wow....nice crowd....loser
Your crowd size of 9 is bigger than I'd expect considering you're so unpopular
and all 9 are family.  #MAGA
Tucson just must not count
All 6 of them, lol. You do not support our President and we will never support you.
Keep relling like it is. Proud Democrat!!!
As is he, though closeted.
I like you so much I'm registering Republican to vote for the person running against you..
#KelliWard!!
Looks like a lot of pissed of Republicans.
when will you talk to Scottsdale residents? are you afraid we might ask touch questions?
RINO convention!!
Dear Sen "Principles," do you support deporting 750,000 DACA?
I'm sure Flake doesn't. He loves illegals. But fortunately trump will deport.
I live in Yuma and I wasn't invited to this meeting. Perhaps because I'm a Democrat?
#neverFlake
Noticed your big Audience, PPL getting 2 really know what u r not about..
what nut case would run 4 office then turn against the legal voter
What was your "good discussion"? Would love to know.
APOLOGIZE to Trump for coming out against antifa.  I wish u had 1/4 the balls as Pelosi who said antifa were fascist black shirt thugs.

Looks like ten people trump gets 15,000 I would be concerned
The GOP does not focus on policies that include the young & people of diverse backgrounds. This picture demonstrates that. Failing strategy.
They will vote you out asap
So, you only spoke to Republicans?  There are Democrats in Arizona, and we should be included since you represent us too!!!
.when u asked about Dreamers in our state what was reply? Oh right u forgot 2ask #nosenate4uin18
Old and white...

Let us know when you bring in the 18-45 age group that isn't white.
stand up against #Trump and #Kushner we deserve better

.@SenJohnMcCain & I are working to ensure Arizonans w/o a choice in healthcare don't face unjust Obamacare penalties 
desperation. beat it.
Soon you will be gone and you can then play with the other dirty double dealers who are going to follow you.
Wow , you actually found 8 Az residents that wouldn't spit on you?  Looks like your really turning out that vote.  Lol #MAGA #KelliWard
2 bad the rest of the state can't stand u
You need to be interviewing for a new job.  No idea why you would try to get in the way of the Trump Train.
Enjoy the convo you are on your way out never trumper man
It's a shame so many in your party are in trumpstonian mode. Stay resolute.  Ur soul is worth more than an insane president or his cult.
Vote Kelli Ward @kelliwardaz
Enforcement of our border laws no daca till the wall. Those against the wall contribute to the overdose crisis
Funny you don't act like a republican


A new health care debate in Congress is only days away. We need more #HealthCareVoters to #ProtectOurCare. http://healthcarevoter.org 
Surprised they let you in.
Show some leadership and try being a statesman! Are those who have an opposing POV just not worth talking with?
You mean your supporters Jeff.  If you want to have a discussion with real constituents it's called a Town Hall Meeting. #spineless
Do you ever meet with people in person who have an opposing point view? If you're only talking to people who agree with you what's the point
Jeff. What about Vet being held in Eloy by ICE for deportation after a judge ruled him a legal citizen.He's your constituent.Get on it fast
When it comes to your illegal immigration softness, they must truly have a sense of Yuma.
I hope you're listening to ALL of your constituents, not just the 7 old people in that room!
Hey Buddy. How about a chat with your Tucson constituency?
Do the right thing and support our POTUS! Stop standing in Americans way! Do your job Sir!
Good luck!
He's gonna need it.
They all agree with u! How much of a discussion is that?
Not all Republicans agree with him. I'm thinking he locked out the crowd that wants to see him fired!
A closed mind speaks to constituents who think alike. An open mind is leadership who listens to needs of all and leads Country above Party.
Protect our DACA Dreamers!~nazis used social service info against Jewish people in holocaust~don't let this happen to our brave dreamers!
Yea the worst part of Nazi German was when they rounded up the illegal immigrants and sent them back to their country of origin.  The horror
Hope you're not counting on crowds like that to get re-elected. KELLI WARD 2018. Enjoy while you can Junior member of the Brutus twins.
Come talk with us in Prescott!!! But maybe meet with ALL of us? Not just Republicans?
He should. He's a dirty double dealing globalist who would do better with you double dealers.
You seem nice.
So did Jeff at one time.
was this a secret meeting? not very well-attended . . .
Chemtrail Kelli, Solid choice for the 3500 pro Trump rubes who wasted their evening at his "rally" last week...
