I'm grateful that you clearly work hard every day (truly). But we here in #Phoenix would like to meet w/ you as well. For free.
I've noticed at town hall community organizer/OFA are showing their true colors. At least the TP was respected/respectful.
always great after voting for Pruitt...that'll make it all better.
try talking about education. You can start counting down your days in office. Stats don't lie...48th in funding and 50 in salary
Globe water? Drinking water? Abolish the EPA and their won't be any drinking water regulations or oversight. SCARY
Yet you voted for the #corrupt #Pruitt to RUN #epa ?? #18&OUT #resistancerecess
when is your Tucson town hall?
are you avoiding the bigger cities for a reason? It was important to have a town hall in Phoenix.
TOWN HALLS.
LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS 
DO YOUR JOB
come see us in Flagstaff, please.
selecting a safe place to speak to constituents. Try Phoenix, many are wanting to confront your voting, stance on DT, and agenda.
.@JeffFlake And finally, we invited you to Flag and you never replied. Kind of rude. We can turn out more than Globe #Flake2Flg @PPArizona
Probably what he is afraid of.
Sad our senator is a chicken shit in the pocket of big business.
wow quite the turn out in Globe AZ about 13 people. Come to Phoenix we have thousands who want to see you #FlakeTownHall
you have some constituents in Phoenix who would love to speak with you.
Thank you Senator, for not ignoring the smaller towns in AZ.
you can't hide forever you will pay for selling us out
That's all fine and good, but can't face Phoenix & Tucson or what?
You are doing a fine job Senator Flake.  Keep up the good work.
Globe, AZ has a population of 7404. Try coming to Phoenix. You can hear from roughly 400 times the people.
how much did that all white group contribute to you so you could allow them to discuss wolves?  
Lots of empty seats- that would indicate a friendly crowd.
You could get a sell out of PHX.
Not to be confused with sellout in DC

BULL! That's not a real meeting. You ar'nt fooling your constituents you're just making us mad with the ridiculous news releases.
how about a townhall in Phoenix? You know, AZ's largest city?
Globe?? Hillbillies and militia. Step outside your office amd meet US. #Flakeout2018
protect the wolves.

while you cowardly avoided the crowd in Tucson. We need a date with you in Tucson.
Come to Phoenix. We want to talk to you.  Where is the ACA replacement? Where is Russian Investigation? Where is education plan?
I think you have about 6 Million reasons in Phoenix and 1 million reasons in Tucson to hold a town hall...
@AZAgainstTrump @JeffFlake Looks like a private whites-only meeting.
Ooooh, slam. Sad situation, but it drew a laugh.
i would say the biggest wolf issue this state has is u. U dress up like a senator and eat our young by picking people like DeVos
greatest good for the least amount of people. This is pathetic. You should be ashamed of your self
Wolves in Globe?  Yeah... that would be you!  More careful audience selection.  #Cowards
that's scary. Ten elderly people at early dinner hour. Can't talk if they're trying to chew
How about spending some time with a more diverse group of constituents?  You might get a better cross-section of ques. & comments
@senJohnMcCain Please share with rest of us #GOP plans to ruin environment, health, & H2O! We'd love to hear about it! #chicken
wolves not as big a threat as loss of exports of beef to Mexico, Japan, China from loss of NAFTA and TPP.  Save the wolf.
#Flakeout 2018
That's quite the demographic ...
when is the Tucson town hall meeting? We are your constituents, too.
How about your job in D.C.? Get the cabinet in place and stop the vacation
Good people there.
looking forward to your Phoenix townhall. When is that again?
did you explain to these lovely people how gutting social security & repealing the ACA is going to make their lives better.#liar
So when will you be having a town hall? The people you represent want to talk to you.
Have you scheduled any Town Halls in the Phoenix Metro area?
I'm not feeling the love! Town hall meeting in Phoenix soon? And don't just sneak in and out!!
#replaceFlake2018 Where is the Audio to these so called questions?
And to that I say more wolves and fewer free-loading government subsidized polluting rancher cattle.
when are you having a town hall?
Sen Flake, Please rethink changes to Endangered Species Act.  #Science   Think of the legacy for our great grandchildren. TY
What's the population of Globe, Jeff? Nice to hand-pick your constituents. Unfortunately, we all get to show up Nov. 6th 2018.
I didn't know about this in advance.  Where was it shared so citizens could join?
Guayo's a great choice Senator. I grew up at that restaurant. With ADR, Globe/Miami is cozy for you. Do your job - come to Flag.
.@CBSNews .@JoyAnnReid Here is Jeff's townhall. Always running for Senator and taking away public funds behind back. #Arizona
Thanks for taking the time to talk with the hard working rural voters of #AZ
not rural health care? #SaveACA
Did you talk about how GOP wants to cut back on Social Security and Medicare?  Imagine how that will impact tourism here.
@All100Senators don't see 1 positive post, interesting tiny mtg group - you must be friends w/@SenCoryGardner -he's in CO but MIA
Globe? Same as hiding.
Townhall in northern arizona this year?
great to meet with small groups, but you work for all of AZ -- folks under 65, people of color, AND non-Christian -scary isnt it?
wow, what a crowd. Over flowing, huh?
In Globe. A nice safe LDS  Sanctuary. Why don't you show up in the metro area?
kudos for taking time to talk with constituents.
1. Is this your Mar-a-Largo? Where are all the rest of ppl? 2. It kinda looks like you pee'd your pants?  You will b voted out!
how bout Tucson on #saveACA ? We'll be there with polite questions #notanambush
need to come to Tucson. We are constituents too
Can you recall the last 3 times you met w/ constituent groups where most people there were under the age of 40?
How about education? Maybe you should say something about how school vouchers & Betsy DeVos.
confirmed Pruitt who wants to strip protections for clean water, u want to privatize public lands. What did those 8 folk think?
oh let's be fair, I think there might be 12 people there
2018... remember Devos, Sessions, Pruitt, Russians and Trumps Taxes!  Country over Party!
I don't believe you published that meeting. We want to see you in Phoenix! Schedule a town hall #DoYourJob
Hope u did enjoy it because you're gonna be back on the job market soon. Since you can't answer to your constituents.
hold a town hall in phoenix. Its probably the least you do.
How about Russian interference in elections, your dysfunctional president, the doomsday clock 2.5 min to midnight, climate change
Town hall now!
We would have liked to see you here in Mesa.
so are you coming out of hiding. Do your job. You work for us.
while in Globe did u tell them how @BetsyDeVos's school choice is going 2 create better schools 4 Globe?No, I didn't think so.
a lot of people in Phoenix want to meet with you!
.@JeffFlake and still others want to talk @indivisiblephx @indivisibleaz6 @IndivisibleAzCD #twwnaz @azstrong_org
.@JeffFlake others of your constituents would like to talk.@IndivisibleofAZ @IndivisibleAZ5 @IndivisibleAZ8 @IndivisibleTUS  @indivisibleAZ
add @IndivisibleAZWV @indivisiblephx
You've made time for photo ops and fundraisers, but no #TownHall
hiding out in Globe?
exacty what positive time was spent talking abt these topics when you voted someone in to dismantle much of this!?! #hypocrisy
Water?  The new EPA will take care of that for you.
nice of you to speak with a small group, what about the rest of us?  Are you afraid? @AZ4Change @Arizona_Strong @IndivisibleofAZ
"The...media... is the enemy of the American people" ~ Donald Trump
when will you be in Tucson?
did you discuss why you are supporting a monster ??
this isthe first I'm hearing about this. Would have loved to attend. When can we expect the next one?
When are you going to denounce Trump's assault on the Press? The moment you decide to challenge him, you will have our support.
It's time for a town hall meeting in Phoenix. We need to discuss your voting record.
This is wonderful!  When will you meet with the rest of your constituents?
Good. When are you coming here? You had time for a fundraiser today in Thatcher; what about the thousands here?
globe is a shithole
however voting to release Trump's tax returns so we can see how deep Putin's talons go, oh, that needs more thought. #1termflake
Glad you visited Globe - can we have a town hall please?
So next week in Phoenix?
Glad you enjoyed your trip. Again, would love to talk at town hall with you about your recent votes.
town hall or?
