...and are a poor substitute for permanent, bipartisan legislation to fix our broken immigration system. 2/5
The ball is back in Congress’ court where it belongs, and there are a lot of innocent kids counting on Congress to do its job. 3/5
Congress must act immediately to pass permanent, stand-alone legislation to lawfully ensure that children who were brought here... 4/5
...by their parents, through no fault of their own, are able to stay and finish their education and continue to contribute to society. 5/5
It should be evident that flakey Jeff Flake is too afraid and confused to be a member of congress.
There has been bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill in congress for yeeeears. Sitting there. Waiting. Truth: GOP immigration fundraiser
Especially true in Arizona! Where GOP's primary fundraising is lying about illegal immigration, "beheadings in desert", and other total bs.
DACA IS AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION
Fear and confusion file for citizenship!!!
Should never have happened to begin with. How the HELL did gov turn their back on over a million illegals aliens in our country. AND WHY?
They are responsible for the actions of their Parents. They should have been begging them to return to home country. I am not a slave to U.
As do you! Go Dr Ward!
Didn't you mean to say illegal executive actions?
He is a law maker  why can't he just do his job
Why was there a need for the EO in the 1st place? U & ur @GOP cronies own this. Now, fix it!
In fact u own #trump, too. #impeach
#Resist
Your ignorance of what the majority of voters demand is indescribable. Leave quietly and go sit in a Costco at a lonely book signing.
Get to work it is embarrassing that you guys can't agree on anything you have the majority start working

You continue to support illegal immigration that brings down wages for middle class Americans
Jeff Flake and Congress failure caused this tragedy
Just political junk speak.  U R betraying the folks who sent U to Congress.
And look what it took for you to see this. Shame
Like every action taken by the moron in chief
It's your fault not the executive order. Political cowardice, afraid stand up for dreamers. Should have done the job in the first place.
#SaveDACA
Do your job!  I pay you. Be a leader
Only short shelf life is wh I C 4 U in your future! U hv bit off a way bigger chunk than Ucan chew! Your going down hard&fast!EnjoyWhileUcan
Hopefully your career will have a short shelf life!
Should be obvious from the fear and confusion that the illegals know they are illegal and did nothing to rectify...Obama illegal plot=votes
They can't vote and there has been no evidence of illegals voting. Trumps delusions aren't reality
Are you that dumb??
Really?
How about Congress not stonewall like they did under Obama.  Remember, THAT'S why there was an Executive Order in the first place.
Seem to recall @davidplotz saying the same thing
... and you do too.
You up for reelection  in a big Hispanic state bro? Sorry you are gonna lose no matter what.
When you have a lunatic President they do, yeah.
Yes that's why Barack Obama tried that. He didn't pursue an EO on DACA out of hatred or racism or ignorance.
Please work for a bipartisan, permanent and HUMANE solution for the DACA recipients. It's way past time for action.
Wall first.
Excellent! So, what's the plan to #DefendDACAِ for Arizona and America @JeffFlake? Let's be the generation that ends bigotry!
So you are going to protect ILLEGALS b4 you pass tax reform, repeal Ocare, & build the wall? You put ILLEGALS b4 US citizens? #TRAITOR
What about doing some things to help the AMERICANS in Arizona that you represent first? #Pathetic
Cont.. and  have to carry water for those that came here illegally? What is the fairness there? We work for our benefits and it goes to them
cont... for nothing. You worry more about them and their votes than you do actual citizen that you are supposed to answer to. BE GONE, FRAUD
So why is it that the United States citizens, including those that came as legal immigrants, always get the short end of the stick
Too bad you and your compatriots didn't do something useful when you  could have -but no.  @GOP /you are complicit in this.
Thankfully you have a short shelf life too. You and #Congress need to stop taking vacations and keep the promises you made to constituents.
So should politicians who go against the MAJORITY of the #AmericanCitizens wishes that we #EndDACA & #DeportThemAll #PosterBoyForTermLimits
This tweet is just more proof that Arizona & America would be better off with Flake put of the congress @kelliwardaz 2018
get this moron out of the presidency. It starts in the House. Get rolling!
So do turncoat politicians.  A vote against the flake is a vote for America. MAGA out flake
It has been in your court for 5 years, and you are part of the sabotage. Fix it this week - do your job.  #GOPAreRacists
it should also be apparent that Congress has had 4 yrs to enact legislation. Get it done; you are complicit in the plight of 28m
Not if Congress does their job! Lincoln's EO or presidential order led to 13th Amendment!
Thank you. This is a critical issue, and I hope Congress will act quickly, so those who rely on DACA aren't left in limbo for six months.
I'm so sick of all these words. Who will actually do something to stop the monster that is 45???
Eh. That monster has just put action of an illegal executive order into congresses hands. Idiot
Agreed, but let's not forget who made it necessary for the exec order in the first place.  Fix the error.
Jeff, I'm sorry .. you're a hair beneath Trump when it comes to saying one thing and doing another

Please prove me wrong... 

#DACAWorks
YEAH? Well, that is all YR POTUS has done in 7+ mos. in office! IMpeACH HIM. REMOVE THIS BASTARD from office, illegitimate, SICK
CONGRESS is the problem. Get up and lead. This action is beyond belief. No more cheap talk ACTION NOW.
You have voted with Trump while speaking out against him. Time to stop being a hypocrite. You are the company you keep.
ok then. Legal mumbo jumbo aside. These r human beings. Please keep ur soul Jeff. Stand up to the monster as u hav been.
Quit whining and do your job. Put your finger prints on a bill. Kelli Ward 2018
You are No help!
How will congress act? What will you do? #saveDACA
Well that's easy, nothing.  Leave DACA in place and craft legislation from it. Putting congress under the gun will only result in flaws
Will those DACA youngsters be flown off the front lines where they are serving? And, where will you take them?
What it exposes is that congress is not fixing a problem they should own.
Get off twitter and get your colleagues to do their job. You now have 6 months to complete this. Stop whining and do your job.
Are you kidding? Congress should have done it's job and passed DACA! You do nothing! Ever! It's time to #Impeach! Will you?
Maybe Congress shouldn't have sat on its ass and done nothing in the first place.  Then we wouldn't be here.
I will not be voting for you irregardless of what you do, but as one of your many bosses in this state I demand you do your job 1/
and protect these young people and do it now, fight this son-of-a-bitch-in-chief with all the vigor you can muster. Your AZ partner 2/
in the Senate, Mr McCain is a bit louder in his protests but like you have yet to put power behind your words. We Arizonan's are watching 3/
an we are remembering. The two of you and your Oak Flats attempted giveaway of Apache sacred lands still reverberates, time for you two 4/
to be Arizonans and Americans, no longer Republicans for once in your tenure representing us.
Sen. Flake take concrete action to pass the bipartisan bill you are sponsoring to protect dreamers. God Bless!
You voted against the Dream Act. What caused this change of heart?
W/ an approval rating of 18 percent, might you just be on the wrong side of many of these issues?  Can't wait to see you primary challenger
He has over 500 likes and 180 retweets. You have 13 and 1 respectively.
Decisions and judgement, not likes and re-tweets define success in my book.  Sorry you did not get that memo - perhaps next time...
Yes.  Well federal courts have decided #45 doesn't know shit about the constitution or immigration and we all can't wait for the judgements!
We can revisit that discussion once @Scotus has chimed in on that matter, until then #AssumptionsAreLike
Not the judgements I and others await with such glee.  Jr.'s on the stand today-unlikely to reconcile all his -or daddy's- lies. 
Said the obstructionist to the proletariat
@jeffFlake DACA's shelf life would have been fine if Hillary were President. It's crazy Trump who's causing problems.
Doubtful. Bill began the border, hated illegal immigration. Mass incarcerated young black men. Candidates say what they know u want to hear.
Ready to see your plan. Lead!
What are you going to do Flake...i will be voting in 2018
Do your job and represent actual American citizens.  End DACA , deport all illegals  , and build the wall!  Support your President.  #MAGA
Thanks Senator Pizzagate
Gotcha...then DO YOUR JOB and we won't need them
1 2 Kelli's coming for you! #MAGA
Hopefully that will be the case with the hundreds Trump has signed since January 20th. Congress needs to act NOW to fix the DACA revocation!
So should members of both houses of Congress who refuse to do the right thing.  It's time for all of you to get to work...TOGETHER!
This is not a time for words, but rather a time for actions. How will you act to protect #Dreamers  ?
What will you do to protect American. PS Most of them are over 20
maybe doing this,will give chance for American children to be educated&move up on the education line instead of being illiterate
pple hv to pay...and it's been the American children who has been paying for long time.We are below level in so many areas! #MAGA
why not get off twitter and start fixing the problem
Let's see you pass laws that help illegals before you get healthcare repealed to help the citizens you are "suppose" to represent . #2018
Such an act of betrayal... on so many levels.
Yes please!  Get 'er done.
STAND FIRM and KEEP DACA Thank You.
Maybe if your party would learn to govern instead obstruct this would have been solved 6 years ago.
Was it fixed when Obama had a majority? Nope. Too busy sneaking thru OCare
#DACA. 
Tweet your little fingers off. Bottom line? You're irrelevant. You abandoned your party. You're history. @realDonaldTrump
Your party is the reason the executive acted. The senate failed when it had the chance to do the right thing.
What about when Obama had the majority. Nothing was done then either. Glass houses
But Trump's 45 executive actions in 7 mos are OK. Right?
It's clear that your career as a US Senator has a short shelf life.
Thank God that shelf life is short for #DACA. Vote #RauseAct help #Americansdreamagain! Americans must fight fir their dreams and children.
I hope you will take the lead in legislation to offer citizenship to all who qualify for DACA.
Flake is no leader....
Just like your political career. Going to drain the swamp next year. Bu bye!
Too many tweets about it and you're not doing anything! Blah blah blah................ This is all you do... Spine less COWARD!
From your mouth to God's ears
Haven't seen Congress doing your jobs. With an 8% approval rating, I'd shut up and start producing.
RE #DACA 
If ANYONE should know about a "short shelf life", it should be you ya #FLAKE
See u later political future is toast. Explain this
The program didn't expire, it was rescinded by Trump.
Yes I'm sure the hyper partisanship we've seen will ebb and you all will come together for reasonable and swift legislation
So what's your solution?
Oh I forgot, you can't even pass healthcare repeal that you've had 7 years to prepare for. Congress is a failure
Okay. So what are you going to do to help these people?
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/1615/cosponsors …
And if we all had a dollar when a Senator just cosponsoring a bill passed it and implemented it wed all be billionaires.
So help make sure your congressmen do their jobs. If the voice of the constituents is not heard resistance will be futile
And asking the Senator to explain his role is somehow not making my voice heard? 
Did you go to his townhall? He brought it up then.Crickets.
