Flakes mistake is he views McCain as his "daddy."  Probably the one he never had.  He will follow daddy to the end and the end is near!
you mean the guy that stopped the vote to repeal Obamacare... not so much
Thank you comrade! You are both heroes. If all republicans were like you two we will be victorious!
I registered to vote just to get rid of you.
MAGA, drain the swamp that goes for you Rinos
Two RINOs about to both get steamrolled by the #TrumpTrain #MAGA
Vote Dr. Kelli Ward in midterms & get Flake out! He's on General Flynn's #pedogate list
J^2 : Energy. 

Thank you both for your integrity 

Happy birthday Mr. McCain.  We need you

Maybe Fake Flake will take the masquerading Lib John McCain with him when he leaves.  Back POTUS; it's the reason we elected you!
You two both need to retire. I'm sending money to help vote you out.
I will too
Traitor McCain
you're a democrat just like McCain...Go Kelli Ward
YOU HAVE NO FRIENDS FLAKE. YOU R A FLAKE
Yes. Backstabbers and treasonous bunch must stick together.
One rino to another. Vote out Flake and McCain.
Notice how everyone on the right supports Trump and your only support comes from liberals? GOP scam artists are utterly exposed.
Your new name - senator jackassery. Get used to it RINO
No more candles to blow out next year.
Hope you two fake Republicans will be no more soon. We are going to vote you out
Urge your good friend to resign so a real conservative senator can be appointed that supports our POTUS' agenda. McCain must retire.
YOU BOTH ARE OUT!
Great, 2 corrupt PEDOS are best buddies!
This just reinforces what I've always thought -- FLAKE IS ANOTHER ROMNEY PUSSY!! #voteflakeout
RINO's unite!
two do nothings. you should switch parties.
Vote Kelli Ward for Jeff Flake seat! We need a senator who supports our President!
Damn... I knew something sucked about today when I woke up. No surprise you two lying inbred traitors are besties.
You two are creating a class system with big business "slaves" lowering wages of middle class. creating a class system
According to Hayek your not conservatives but socialist .tax breaks for rich, depriving the middle class OPPORTUNITES of education and wages
Ideal of a stabilization of particular wages which while securing the income of some ,makes the position of the rest more &s'more precarious
Then that of the less fortunate members of producers by the well established ,this is made" few catch words have done so much harm as the
Fredrick Hayek ,conservative socialism ,I call crony capitalism . "There has never been more cruel exploitation of one class by another
Troubled two-some. https://www.facebook.com/truepunditnews/posts/415746798822904 …
Ur friend is America Foe but you'll BOTH be leaving office together
Rino's need to stick together.
Hope you enjoy retirement together.
Oh, do you vote "No" on important legislation like your good friend?
I share senator McCsins cancer diagnosis we fight the same battle even though we are from different parties. Encourage collaboration
Blessings and well wishes
Did u wish my President Trump a happy birthday??
Well that's the only vote your going to get. Might as well kiss up while you can.
@ SenJohnMcCain     Happy Birthday  fr Wisconsin  <3
Happy Birthday Senator McCain, sir!
Happy birthday to mccain from flake from one no good lame duck senator to the other.
Wishing you are Gone and your friend @JeffFlake in the senate.
Happy Birthday to your Sweet Heart!
May you both retire together very soon!

Biggest democrat in congress
Don't stand by & let @realDonaldTrump take out @GOP & replace with evil ppl (Arpaio)HE WILL USE RUSSIA AGAIN! Open you're eyes #ImpeachTrump
Don't you mean your Brutus twin? Unfortunately we can only vote one of you out next year. Let's see your conservative sensibility then.
Happy birthday, Senator McCain!
Last 5 days and not one tweet about Houston! Yep your days are numbered!
You two are staggering examples of narcissism in politics. You will both be retired soon.
Flake won't be reelected
Tell him he lied to us when he promised to Repeal obamacare. He is a liar, and I have no respect for liars.
Take ol' John boy with ya!
Oh just say good bye. Won't be a senator much longer. Thanks be to God!
Happy Anniversary of Your Birth @SenJohnMcCain! Jeff, pls slip this into his birthday card. (You may read it too!) http://www.theamericancapitalistparty.com/ 
You two are a pair alright.. a pair of idiots...
I wish you both a happy retirement.

Immediately, please.

#RINO
Can't stand either one of you
I wish McCain a happy birthday and hopefully a happy retirement
Why don't you and John retire together
Lot of love in the @DNC.  Nice work guys.
Two people who belong in the dust bin of history like the good little Rinos you are!  #MAGA
@JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain have #ashamedAZ
#deadmanwalking
Happy Birthday Senator McCain

TSC IntelBrief: Natural Disasters and National Security | http://bit.ly/2wiRzWk  

Trump revoked Obama's executive order on higher standards for flood protection right before #Harvey took off http://columbiaclimatelaw.com/resources/climate-deregulation-tracker/database/executive-orders/#13690 … 
#CensureTrump
If @POTUS expresses views inimical to our values, Congress must speak out. I'm cosponsoring a censure resolution in wake of Charlottesville. 
This from a registered Dem, never voted red in my life, but damn, Kelli Ward is totally Michele Bachmann CRAZY! Enough of tea bag nutz!
Can you believe this is our President?
"@Don_Vito_08: "A picture is worth a thousand words" @realDonaldTrump  #LyingTed #NeverCruz  @MELANIATRUMP "
