They are Americans...what's the problem...only you get to say something and your ideas are the "right ones"!
the 9th circuit has jurisdiction over Arizona. You cannot gerrymander the 9th. Circuit.
It will be your fault when trump endangers our nation because you don't have the backbone to stand for what is right!!!
Unsettling that you would vote for Betsy DeVos and Jeff Sessions!
Remember he comes up for election in two years.
Oh, you betcha! Even a Sarah Palin endorsement won't save him this time! LOL
Yeah, how dare they speak out about the legislative branch trying to unconstitutionally subvert the judicial branch. #corruptGOP
Unsettling you appear to be taking Trump's stance to delegitimize the judiciary. Is that what you meant? That's how it sounds.
put energy into something besides partisan politics  did you get the idea from Sessions
in what universe would Scott Pruitt help with anything he is a lying cheating friend of oil and gas not Mother Earth
It is unsettling that you are attacking legitimacy and integrity of the 9th circuit!
The  Supreme Court has reversed about 86 percent of the 9th circuit rulings.
Is the answer to set up a court to rubberstamp conservative agenda like the 9th does for liberals? Im not sure.
The answer is to have a court that follows the law...not make it from the bench.
so funny Pat, who doesn't show her/his face and can't argue with any facts.
why don't you schedule a town hall meeting & we can discuss it in person?  Make sure there's a handy back exit.
Same moral values as Trump Flake wants to grab women's vaginas, not pay taxes, abuse immigrants. Actions are very clear.
unsettling that you, a person who has never had a case in any court has proposed this bill!
yor bill is a terrible idea. Your believes are Un American Shame on you
You have your staff speak on your behalf to me, have a #townhall and I won't call you a #hypocrite for it.
.@JeffFlake What is unsettling is your politically motivated attack on the 9th Circuit Court.  Please respect the Separation of Powers.
sure because you wouldn't want anyone to defend themself. #flakeout2018
I am way more concerned with Flynn & the GOP swamp in the WH
So you hate it when someone misrepresents you?

Now you know how Arizonans feel.
Keep reminding people he comes up for election again in two years.
.@JeffFlake Poor GoP, must cheat'em rather than beat'em. We'll be watching & remembering. Don't be another man baby.
If law clerks are writing opinions #9thcircuit should be divided.
Unsettling that u participated in 8 yrs of obstruction, theft of a Supreme Court nomination, DeVos approval, Sessions...
Please keep reminding him and electorate that he is up for election in two years.  We have the vote!
Are you trying to destroy a system of checks and balance in order to protect Trump? He's got you in his pocket, doesn't he?
For someone who claims to dislike POTUS, you sure like to use his moves! Dont get your way? Delegitimize the court!
right...delegitimize the 9th Circuit but praise Maricopa for dismissing ADA law suits. Wow! Just Wow!
How about supporting OUR President TRUMP.
QUIT BEING A DEMOCRAT.
Someone has to stand up to tyrants and the minions who support them. #ReplaceFlake
so unsettling that you're hiding from your constituents.
you're not going to be reelected so you might as well start doing right by your constituency Jeffy.
what's unsettling is when someone wants to break up a circuit court because you don't like their decision.
Unsettling that you desire to pack and choose "your" own court. Unsettling that you have no criteria for Cabinet level competency
Do a test: challenge Trump just once and you will experience his immaturity. He will call you names and try to "vaporize" you.
"Purport to speak"?  Now you sound like 45 and "So-called" judge.  When not your way you question them.  Now against you bigly!
unsettling that you want to break up the branch of government that doesn't side with your bought out views.
When is your next townhall meeting? We are all dying to tell you our thoughts in person since you love ignoring us otherwise.
you not caring about Russia, General Flynn,and Tillerson is unsettling. The 9th circuit is our only hope
another Republican trying to grow the size of government. Disgraceful! Sad!
While #9thCircuit has been doing its job youve been spouting off about decorum. Easier than fighting for Arizonans I guess.
Unsettling you think breaking up #9thCircuit would be good for Arizonans instead of a sellout. Good for #corrupt @GOP. #lastterm
You are not doing anything for Arizona, only to line your own pockets and your religion to profit.
do your job which means listening to your constituents
@SenJohnMcCain Trying to justify why you're a bootlicking corporate tool, I see. #corruption #9thCircuit #resist
I think it is a time for change in 2018
Not any worse than TRUMP and his non presidental teweets!!! SAD
Unsettled in 85383! Leave the Court as is.  How about working for constituents rather than GOP.  Party before country. Pitiful.
Hell Flake try know what and why You are doing it to allow the AZ GA to pass Unconstitutional bills Bye in 18 Flake
your vote for DeVos puts millions of kids in danger. You're more interested in money than what your constituents say.
don't try to gerrymander the courts. Add staff if you think they're so overloaded. #flakeout2018
- Do your job & quit being scared of Trump!
Unsettling to whom?  Unsettling is your apparent lack of respect for people of AZ.  Answer your phones and read our emails!!!
it is disgusting & "unsettling" your support of Trump's cabinet picks!
it's upsetting your focusing on this.
you really do not get what your constituents want. #ReplaceFlake2018
Unsettling: you support a rising authoritarian regime & aid them in discrediting the judiciary. This is not an American value.
I am against this bill. The 9th circuit is proportional to pop. size & this is a move to  appeals court.
thank you 9th circuit for doing what our congressmen are afraid to do. You should probably check the pulse of your constituents.
instead of link to your press-release, how about a link to the 9ths staff's statements?
your pending bill political BS your party didn't like outcomes from the 9th on don't ask don't tell and AZ immigration bill
Who wrote the bill for you? You should be utterly ashamed of yourself. Town hall?
Maybe a couple of rogue judges should be impeached. A shot across the bow may get their attention.
Those friends of yours on the left are sure fickle. Should have stayed with your base on the right.
unsettling that you vote in favor of your fucked up agenda And not what the people of AZ want #noflake18
Unsettling? Ahh! That's exactly how most of the country feels!
We need to shut down the 9th Curcuit Court & put term limits in. It's a disgrace.
So, you want gerrymander the courts just as Repub. Party has gerrymandered the electoral college to win presidential elections?
unsettling that you voted for DeVos and Sessions. #wewillrememeber #noflake2018
The Senate calendar allows you time back in Arizona Feb 20 - Feb 24.  How about a town hall?  We've requested it repeatedly.
Bad Bill! Don't do it.
when are you having a town hall?  #facethevoters
You ruled on Merrick Garland without hearing from him. Also, #DeVos #Sessions. You could care less about your constituents. 2018.
of course this would unsettle you. You are a crook who has no integrity. You are only looking for less oversight #shameful #2018
what is your reason?  Is it because they didn't side with Trump?  Seems a little odd the timing
unsettling doesn't begin to describe the first 3 weeks of your guy's administration, I'm afraid.
I am a constituent of yours. Do not split this circuit up!
can't wait to vote you out!!!!
because it's a horrible idea. Please Senator, I urge you to forget this selfish, harmful endeavor.
see you at the next town hall meeting.  You will see everyone you ignored with your confirmations.  #LastTerm
Dust off your resume, Champ.
Jeff, read all of the comments on your tweets and facebook.  ARIZONA DOESN'T LIKE YOU.
Unsettling that Jeff Flake would vote to confirm people who his constituents clearly don't want. Unsettling that Flake is a hack.
.@JeffFlake @All100Senators You and your letter can get stuffed until you get the Nazis out of the White House, sir.
THANK YOU.  Please put them in their place.
how does it feel to not be heard? You're constituents can tell you.
You are trying to gerrymander.  That's wrong 
Well, I guess it's payback.  You don't listen to the people you represent.
That's right, deflect from your attempt to gerrymander court. So AZ's discriminatory legislation will be upheld. #flakeout2018
I will be voting for you to be out of office
but you're absolutely not concerned about anything Trump is up to. It's all about you and not the people.
You're worried they've retained a lobbyist? Like @azpolicy & @club4growth retained you? Hope their lobbyist gets as much as you!
never saw you as one to goose step
691 days till your successor is sworn into office. Enjoy your remaining time.
what the hell are you doing now
Even more unsettling when senators ignore constituents. We said no; you didn't listen. 634 days until the 2018 election, senator.
time for the people of AZ to have a senator stand for them & not scared of opposing Trump
Did you get ignored by the court? Wow, what "comes around goes around", right Senator?
Where you equally unsettled when @POTUS attacks the judiciary though?
It's unsettling you purport to speak on behalf of AZ but wont attend your town halls.
so it's unsettling that they have an opinion on a bill that directly affects them? 
