1/ Did you forget about our daughter?  Did you forget about children like her?
......and did you forget the vulnerable & poor who can't absorb the 116% premium/deductible increase.....we must repeal Obamacare @WaydeDe
In most cases the truly poor qualify for medicaid and the vulnerable are protected by ACA mandates. You want to take that away.
unnecessarily deaths due to rationing, endless waiting lines, & outright refusal of life-
 you two are quite the comedy duo.
By the way, "The Edward & Wayde show" will be on Twitter all week. Please tip the staff.
Fake Christian nonsense if you couldn't care less about medically fragile children and families like ours.
It's just the opposite, Socialism & Democrat policies always leads to body bags. Look at
How can you do this to the millions of Americans  with Pre-existing conditions? Including my 5yo dtr and her other friends fighting Cancer.
How can you support destroying Arizona's rural health care infrastructure & stripping healthcare from most vulnerable? #noGrahamCassidy
.........how can rural health care &  vulnerable sustain a 116% increase in premiums & deductibles, assuring zero benefit from health care?
Besides cutting federal funding, GC will only allow states to use 20% for medicare. Medicare works in AZ! Also, less coverage for more money
Why would you support this?!? It essentially defunds medicaid and will kill people like me!
They don't care. They want people like us & my son dead because we're different.  Oh & woman bc giving birth is a preexisting condition.
Anybody have Flake's #?
https://www.flake.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/office-locations …
Called, they seemed very unimpressed.
They always sound like that no matter which R you call. 
Called Rand Paul and they were happy to tell me he was voting no. I told them that I had a problem with him wanting to repeal the ACA.
I guess you're not one of the good guys after all. Shame on you.
You are a bad man and a worse politician. I feel so bad for your constituents.
Thanks for screwing us again, Jeff. This bill is nonsense and you know it.
YOU may have guaranteed insurance, but your 5 kids don't. And if they get sick, their insurance suddenly may be gone! That's NOT insurance!
Arizona has my full support to get rid of you senator
This bill hurts our most vulnerable.  Do not support.  MD in Prescott Az
Are you kidding me? Just lost my vote next election. I thought you were better than this?!
Do you know what's in this cruel bill, Senator? Because we do. We are following what you do carefully.
You seem utterly devoted to the practice of betraying your duty to your constituents at every turn. Every vote is calculated to mark your tenure as pointless at best, evil at worst. For the love of Mike, who is counseling you to ignore your sacred duty?
Have you actually read it? If you have you should have noticed how capricious it is. Bad hill to plant your flag on, boss.
I'll work ENTHUSIASTICALLY to get you out of office next yr, including $ for your opponent. No #GrahamCassidy. #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans
Why does it have your support?Please tell me so I understand. I've read the info on it on Sen Cassidy's site. I thought you weren't mean.
Are you willin to give up your own health insurance as a show of support for your people whose healthcare you're stealing? #GOPHypocrites
Jeff Flake is a dick
This is not a way to govern. Unless you got in to get rich. God is watching you!!
@JeffFlake Your support of #GrahamCassidyBill is hard to fathom. Aren't people more important than a philosophy? Their health? Lives? WTH!
Those politicians emboldened to approve Trumpcare must still believe the russians will be there to ensure their re-election. 
#traitorsall
Then why don't you insure yourself and loved ones with it
This hurts, Senator.
Here we effing go again! This bill is even worse than the last the Senate voted on!Shame on you!You know it's not good but you're pandering!
How could you condemn so many children, seniors, and the poor to no health care. You have no ethics or morals. Shame on you.
I thought you were elected to represent your constituents?  You want to strip them of their healthcare? #SaveACA  #VoteBlue  #GOPSucks
Well you certainly are living up to your last name.
A vote for allows states to opt out of required coverage, ins cos looking to make $ will stop offering policies covering vital HC services
No hearings. No input. Once again @gop fucking people. Shame.
You do not represent your constituents. You only represent yourself and your bank account
You are going to lose your seat...  try to do as much damage as you can before you go...
Some of the people in Arizona will live to curse you.
Why? Explain why this works for your constituents. And be sure to read all the comments below your tweet.
It has your support due to all the people suffering from it? Trump isn't the only buffoon in all this--GOP showing its true colors too.
Trying desperately to get back into Trump's good graces?
No!
People will die because of this bill! You write about conscience, and you support this bill? Hypocrite, liar, sadist.
You should be ashamed trying to push through something that you know will kill people. You’re horrible! Enjoy your insurance
Sen Flake, read these responses. Most, if not all, do not agree with you. #noGrahamCassidy
Voters, GOP only cares about repealing OCare not about best way to provide Americans affordable comprehensive healthcare. Screwing you over.
Those that lose their health ins will be on your dirty hands. Are you taking the new healthcare? If not, why are u forcing others to take it
You will lose.
Shame on you
Gonna get rid of your own govt. funded insurance while you are at it?
You obviously dont care about a good many of your constituents

I will remember this come election day
Geez Jeff, Twitter is not crazy about this proposal.  That's what happens when you literally try to kill your constituents.
Get rid of Obama care....now!!! Please
You gave a good whine on how Trump's ruining the GOP. You want to send a major bill to his desk boosting his legitimacy as GOP's voice.
Sir.. You care more about a win for your party and DT than your constituents.. that's truly SAD.
Once you vote against the people of Arizona to save yourself in a primary, you are looking only at elections, not at human beings.
Shame on you. This bill would raise costs and deny coverage. How do you sleep at night?
No it shouldn't
You already enjoy the best health care in the nation. Why do you want to leave millions of people uninsured?
You are an embarrassment!
Fuck off.
It ought to be brought to committee, so that actions that impact millions of ppl and 1/6 of our economy is properly vetted.
Graham needs to be seen and he knows this bull he is pushing out there some one  will stop him in the basement he needs to get a life WIFE
haha not so fast, loser!
How disappointing.
What do you have against the American people having healthcare just like the rest of the civilized world?
Aren't there a lot of retirees in AZ? How will u explain voting 4 bill that will kill them? + lose millions 4 your state.
Please explain why allowing lifetime limits and no longer protecting coverage for pre-existing conditions in the best interest of AZ?
You are a coward and a major disappoint
A vote for this farce will be a catalyst to vote you out of office senator. As your constituent I urge you NOT to vote for it.
& I will NOT let anyone forget that you support this! You will regret this! You are going to be harming millions of vulnerable children!
Thank you Natalie! You are unstoppable!
Last gasp for some positive approval and reelection funding?  Too late.  You have no credibility.
WE VOTED FOR REPEAL OBAMACARE 
NOW REPEAL IT! 
WE VOTED FOR REPEAL OBAMACARE 
NOW REPEAL IT! 
WE VOTED FOR REPEAL OBAMACARE 
NOW REPEAL IT!
Repealing Obamacare and replacing it with something worse isn't the answer.  Thousands of Americans will die if #GrahamCassidy passes.
Why in God's name does it have your support? What do you get out of this? Your constituents certainly get nothing out of it.
I help seniors daily they r barely paying their electric bills u damn selfish fool.
Yes, I agree you! Obamacare is the most important plan for the poor people who has not enough money to consult the doctors!
This won’t be forgotten in 2018. Don’t even think it will.
Better get this done b4 your Election 2018 if you want him out.
No RWer should be allowed to count/verify. They helped REPUBLICANS DESTROY VOTES HARASS VOTERS  STEAL ELECTIONS! No patriotism in RW! NONE!
Don't worry there will be Democrats and Independents Counting and verifying the Counts by Republicans

Aren't u up 4 reelection next yr? Do u think ppl will forget u cost them their health ins? No amt of Koch $ can save u then.
your name represents your brain- a real flake
SHAME ON YOU! There will b a time when YOU WILL REGRET your vote. Your are human too!
Appreciate you doing all you can to turn Arizona Blue.
Anyone that really understands Obama care doesn't want it.... people do some studying instead of listening to the media.   Why do you think the very people that put Obama care into place made sure they didn't have to live it??  Because it's garbage....
How anyone could be against pre existing coverage protection I don't get. I support public option over everything else but come on folks
GOOD THING WE DID NOT NEED YOUR IGNORNT VOTE FOR YOUR DONORS! NOT MUCH TIME LEFT FOR SHOW YOU CARE ABOUT ARIZONANS! BIPARTIAN!!!
This is cruel. This is not Goldwater conservativism. This is a perverse and ineffective way to govern. When are you going to gut #Medicare?
with this bill I believe.
This destroys #Medicaid, & can possibly kill people with #Disabilities. Medicare and social security are what he wants to get rid of next.
Millions will lose coverage. Seniors will pay more. Those w. pre-existing conditions will be priced out. People will die. You are deplorable
#CareerEndingMove
Stupid. No CBO (again), rips away Medicare (again)
They will get a CBO they can't vote with out it
Please DON'T
I thought you were your own man Jeff, now im not so sure. Don't do this to the people of your state and the rest of us. Stand up for us.
Noooo! Fix ACA.
Why do you hate America?
Why would you support this? It isn't in the best interest of your constituents. What was your payoff?
Senator Flake you are so terribly wrong. I thought you had integrity. I guess Trump's money to get you out of ofc has actually scared you.
Pre existing insurance  Try having prepolicy damage paid for in vany insurance.  Vehicle homeowners flood... It's health INSURANCE.
You're going to lose reelection. You know that right?
Your office isn't confirming this when I called. Why do you want AZ to lose>$1billion? Why would you even consider voting w/o fullCBO score?
This bill strips healthcare from 32 million people & eliminates ALL Medicaid by 2026 (which 1.7 million vets depend on) not just expansion.
Shame on you, @SenJohnMcCain demo and @dougducey your people are ready to vote you OUT!

I'm counting the minutes until I can help vote your sorry ass out of office.
Why no Town Halls on this?  Bill drafted in secret, no open hearings.  Spent weekend reading bill language.  Terrible for Americans in need
Trumpcare sucks
Goodbye, Senator! Well, you got retirement out of this, on the taxpayers' dime. Good luck in 2019 on your job search!
I called your office and your staff would not tell me where you stand. Unacceptable! I know you will vote to throw people off healthcare.
Fu
This bill is another transparent attempt to strip health care from vulnerable citizens. You've claimed in the past to be better than this.

That's why you're a loser! We the People want an ObamaCare Repeal. Let the free market work.
Oh, Jeff, what did they promise you? You traded the common good for something.
Why exactly do you support repeal/replace vs. fixing ACA??? Any bill that includes leaving millions uninsured is unacceptable.
Did you get approval from @dougducey ? He's the bought and paid for with dark money governor. This will destroy AZ health care. #ACA
Coward. You & your party lie to the American ppl.
How can you support this steaming pile of crap? It solves nothing and makes everything worse
Does it hurt the population?  YES!!!  You do not represent our state!!!
He's already gone. Just wants to kill some folks before he goes. See ya in church senator.
How dare you screw the Arizona people who would die if Medicare expansion is eliminated & not to mention pre existing conditions protection
Expect us at your office to convince you otherwise in the morning.  
#Resistance #norepealnoreplace @IndivisibleofAZ  
@indivisiblephx
You're gonna lose your seat soon. Can't wait to vote against you!
You've got to be kidding me. You are a seriously corrupt man. And I use the term "man" loosely.
Vote Flake OUT in 2018!!
Have you no shame? Does GOP look past the end of its nose? This will kill people, kill the economy, decimate America. Are you that hateful?
Shame on all of you. I wish I could see how you explain this to reliant family members who have healthcare now because of Obamacare.
They are going to primary you anyway. So you are going to screw your state+your constituents anyway. I'm gonna contribute to your opponents.
So much for standing up to Trump and his party on behalf of what is right. Just another #CravenWeasel #VoteHimOut
"Drop Dead!"

That's what you're declaring to millions.
You need to concentrate on Russia's interference in the election.  Before anything.  Is that hard to understand or too hard to face?
NO. NO. NO. NO. NO.
Every hour, every day you and #GOP lawmakers place personal political health over the health of constituents and all Americans. Shameful.
Trust me...I will speak with my checkbook by supporting your opponent and other GOP opponents in future races.
Where are your supporters of this bill Flake?
You better
No CBO, no hearing, you probably haven't even read the damn thing.
U want to pass a healthcare bill destined to STEAL healthcare from millions of Americans give the rich millions in unnessacery and unneeded
Tax breaks n most likely kill thpusands if not millions of Americans? Your saying your ok with vauseing mass sickness n murder?
#GrahamCassidy has the same flaws as the proposals rejected by AARP, consumer groups, doctors, hospitals, & the public earlier this year.
Your state loses $1.6 billion in federal funding under this plan, Senator. There's been no hearing, no CBO score. Any of that matter to you?

Your state loses $1.6 billion in federal funding under this plan, Senator. There's been no hearing, no CBO score. Any of that matter to you? https://twitter.com/jeffflake/status/909574171239243776 …
If you followed your principles with REGULAR ORDER we all would discover that Graham/Cassidy will degrade EVERYONE'S COVERAGE.
Did tRump scare you enough to go to the dark side & destroy Americans now? Seems so! So much for your rhetoric. Hope you're voted out!
You are so out of touch. There is no plan for better, less costly coverage. Just to kill what we have. But what do you care
And voted down
No hearing. No CBO score. You are a coward.
This can't be possible. You can't really believe this is in people's best interest? Not even waiting for the Score? So irresponsible and sad
#resign you should not represent the people of your state
Please do not support this bill.  We ALL have pre-existing conditions and cannot afford to lose that coverage.  Thank you.
The Democrats plan to repeal and replace you has my support and will be brought to the voters in November!  #youneedtobereplaced
No. It should be defeated for its lack of actual #Healthcare Disappointed in you, Jeff.
Why? It's bad for your state, bad for your constituents, hasn't been properly vetted or handled according to process. What's in it for you?
As an AZ Physician, I implore you to wake the fuck up and stop this madness.  NO,NO,NO,NO,NO. Stop hurting your citizens!!
Are you kidding? What is wrong with your mind? This is the worst and goes against human decency.
So did every other plan to repeal and replace. SAD!!!
Clearly you have no women in Arizona or you just don't care about them.
You're on the wrong side of history, Senator Flake. Please vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy bill, for the sake of Americans (& your job). 
You don't represent your constituents. Say goodbye to your Senate seat. You obviously hate your constituents. #midterms2018 #midterms2020
Why would you support something that is harmful to the American people? What is wrong with everyone in the GOP???
Replacing ACA with block grants will kill more Americans - blood is on your hands - need medicare-for-all
Shame on you Jeff Flake. You're simply desperate to save your ass in the Senate.
No.
I'm aghast that you would support this on process grounds alone. Not a single hearing? This is grossly irresponsible.
It ought to be brought to the Senate floor through regular order with full CBO analysis, hearings, amendments, debate. Otherwise, no.
PLEASE do not support this bill it will kill my sister who has stage 4 colon cancer.
Why do Republicans hate the American People?
Have you advised all those who suffer(ed) w/cancer, Alzheimer's, MS, strokes, heartaches etc. etc. etc. will be severely punished? 
Much more at stake here than your next primary - health care for your fellow Arizonans at stake. Please vote no.
And stomped on until it's dead!
Find your #safespace #SnowFlake it's going to be a long 7.5 years
You're turning your back on the ppl of your state Senator. What's wrong with you? This bill means no healthcare for millions of people!
The #GrahamCassidy bill is terrible. Vote NO. Save lives.

I guess you don’t care how many people it kills. You will not get my vote
Why do you hate your constituents?
There is no CBO score!! Are you willing to kill people in your state when cause they do not have protection for preexisting conditions??!!??
RED ALERT
202-224-3121 
here we go AGAIN... PEOPLE WILL DIE
BABIES WILL DIE, YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED AS BABY MURDERERS
#GrahamCassidy's Medicaid caps would also jeopardize the ability of older Americans to stay in their own homes as they age.
Good thing to know since in 2018 you won't have our support. #SaveACA
Maybe you could worry less about the primaries for 2018 and start worrying what you’ll do if @RepSinema comes for your spot 
This is the 2nd most important vote you'll make.   Support #SinglePayer or you lose my vote.  1st most important vote is to #ImpeachTrump
Really @JeffFlake? My mom fell & needed sutures, scans & was hospitalized, cost was $120,000. We would be ruined if it wasn't for Medicaid.
I guess government paid healthcare is good enough for you, but not for us. #hypocrite.
How can you sleep at night? A more practical consideration is: are you that certain that your constituency will reelect you?
#GrahamCassidy this bill is a death sentence. @JeffFlake killing citizens for profit @SenJohnMcCain
Step out on a town hall stage and say that. I double-dog dare you
This is not unexpected. You fly on an ill wind whichever way it carries you. You sacrifice millions of Americans health for your party.
Thank you Jeff!
No Regular Order? No Public Hearings? No CBO Score? Why Are You Afraid of Scrutiny? What Are You Hiding? #TheResistance #DemForce  #GoinDown
Sold your soul for reelection, didn't you Jeff?  GrahamCassidy worse than Trumpcare but that doesn't matter.  Got to pass a bill, any bill
you are an awful politician and I'm glad you are going to get trounced in 2018.
Because it doesn't affect you!! Another disappointing vote  You are supposed to support ALL of AZ
Flake's a Mormon who thinks people should get their help from the church.  Don't count on him for anything.  He doesn't like Trump or us.
