Maybe you can apply since you will be jobless next year 
Trump is the real job producer. You and McCain could not shine his shoes. Unlike u guys..he is not a politician. That's an asset!
You're finished Flake! Start packing up your office now. #DrainTheSwamp
You're nothing but a hypocrite! You support open border and illegal immigration. It's election time, so you're lying to us. We know better!
Grow a pair and stand up for yourself or you'll be losing your next election.
https://twitter.com/lngsafa54/status/901917312730750976 …
Start packing because your job is finished!!
#JeffFake
You can thank President Trump for that. You might want to give it a try.
LIAR. We need enforcement across board:

Wall
Everify
National Voter ID
Visa Overstays
End Birthright citizenship or change with times
+ end chain migration
+end anchor baby
And what else......
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods, @seanhannity @SebGorka,@SteveBannen
Does John McCain or Jeff Flakey EVER actually do anything a Republican Senator should do? NO Vote Kelli Ward @kelliward
U have done nothing!  Including when I reported govt fraud waste and abuse to your office!!!! U r the SWAMP!!!!  Resign RINO!
Thanks to president Trump They can DO their job you forgot to add 
Trump pardons Arpaio!  Now where do we go with this president?  He's mocking the GOP, the country and the Constitution!
Shut off MSNBC, take your meds and go to bed Cathy, this is the adult hour on Twitter
I don't watch MSNBC - and obviously you can't read!
Hire Veteans Jeff.
The cool thing is he did that with the Border Jobs for Veterans Act. It facilitates the hiring of vets for CBP positions. 
YOU ARE SUCH LIAR FLAKE! SHAME ON YOU
Excuse me...I didn't know you were the President, the one responsible for such life-altering decisions.  Oh, that's right...you hope to be!
Sorry your not telling the truth
Yeah but how about that WALL ? @realDonaldTrump
You have been critical of POTUS! Your opponent @kelliwardaz has a 25% lead in the polls!

Good by me flake
But yet you attack President Trump for making this happen.  You need to resign and we need a real conservative representing Arizona
That is because our President makes things happen and when he gets the support he needs in 2018 and 2020 the sky's the limit.
Thanks! Dr. Kelli Ward has it from here
Your son is a failure. I hope he doesn't have kids 100°outside, kid in the car at the store, "Ok kiddo, be back in 10". #K9livesmatter
No on Kelli Ward. She's as batshiat crazy as Sarah Palin. But that doesn't mean we can't get rid of Jeffy boy!
Using foul language does not automatically make you right. In fact, it's a sign of your lack of a cogent argument and that you are slothful.
u didnt??
Senator ,you have been a milk-toast Sen. on the border and a turncoat in the senate ..GO AWAY
Are you sure Soros is ok with you saying that?
Looks like your riding Trump's coatails on border patrol man power increases, even worse taking credit, then stabbing him in the back. Sad!
No, build the wall

History suggests you would vote for an immigration bill so bad that @SpeakerRyan would have to promise not to make it law in reconciliation.
You must not be aware of CBP insider threat problems associated with past and present hiring surge.
You hypocrite! Stop supporting sanctuary city policies because you're endangering CBP by doing so.
Trump will end DACA and RINO Flake will denounce his decision on CNN!
Switch parties you fraud! Liberals are now coming to your defense of over a Republican president! How embarrassing is that?
Go away Rino traitor
Stop it. Everyone knows you're lying. Youve been lying your whole career. #fakeflake
BS, until they either get rid of or tone down their ridiculous 4-hr polygraph test I won't believe a word you say!
U sir need to retire
Na na na na hey hey hey good bye
It's so funny how this flake wants to be loved by the left.
Haha those are bots trust me we won't vote for you. This is Trump country and you are not welcome here.
Not surprised. Just more jackassery from a RINO Pussy. The sooner your gone the better. This is the Flake monument
The Arpaio pardon is @realDonaldTrump telling Congress, the Courts & the American people to go f*ck themselves! #Impeach45now
Rumor is that POTUS will kill DACA.  Where does you stand on sponsoring a bill to save it?
End it!
Here's your chance Senator. Condemn 45's abuse of Pres pardon power/Joe arpaio.  If you can't or won't, you need to be replaced.
Years of talk and no action until @POTUS steps in.
The books have been sold and the backing of Trump resumes. You are the company you keep. If you are with Trump you are a racist.
What do you to say about racist Arpaio being pardoned by racist Trump?
Bye bye Jeffy....#nomoreFlake
You are a total fraud !  So happy your getting replaced by #KelliWard .  #supportyourpresident  #MAGA
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
So you have been failing at your job for years?
Tax cuts for W2 employees?
THIS IS WHAT JEFF FLAKE WANTS FOR AMERICAN:

HE WANTS ILLEGAL ALIENS TO REPLACE AMERICAN VOTERS!

What about our citizens, flake? 

  
You already tried to betray us once! At least President Trump puts Americans first!
Your an open-borders globalist. Don't try puffin our peters now that an election is looming.

Think you're toast in AZ.
He has sold us out along with his friend Johnny One Vote
How about you work on reasonable, compassionate immigration laws instead?
And it's because they are properly being funded these last few month ? ?????
Have U ever been in line at the border or watched or talk to them with out them knowing who U r ?

Hay ass your on your way out. So bind over and kiss your ass good buy. The only thing your for is you..

And where are you going to be when the bad apple makes it through because you lower the standards? Poly examiners or applicants, FIX, Brutus
Hello Flake Jeff Flake :). 
Good luck in the fight ahead!
@kelliwardaz for AZ Senator 
Someone who really cares about Southern Border stopping Drugs and Illegals from entering!


Why do you favor illegals and not Americans, Jeff? @kelliwardaz
Jeff has had a decade since trying to sell us out with the gang of 8. He doesn't care about the border and doesn't care about American
YOURE FIRED, RINO!!!

You have no credibility on this issue
You are straight up LYING. You wanted #GangOf8 ... you want to sell out American in favor of illegals
You said yourself you are a globalist.

Globalists want:

Open borders
No immigration laws
Bad trade deals
Putting Americans last
The stupid goes all the way to the bone on this one!!
