Being proud that you continue to screw over We the People of AZ shows you are nothing more than a slimeball. Count down to Bye bye Flake!
Jeff flake liked your comment. If that doesn't show his disregard and mockery towards the people who voted him in idk what does.
Right, I saw that and shared it on fb. He obviously doesn't listen or read.
Oh I think he listens and reads It's just we arnt lining his pockets like the big corpations are so our thoughts are admissible
@SenJohnMcCain Gorsuch is a corporate anti-woman shill. Nothing about him is moderate, accomplished, or positive.
Proud to vote for whoever runs against you. #Flakeout2018
Amen to that!!! Vote @kelliwardaz
A DISGRACE & EMBARRASSMENT. it's sickening U & deplorables did NOTHING last 8 years + Bill allowing ISPs to sell users' internet browsing.
NOT #Scalia @Scotus seat, but a seat occupied by Scalia after @GOP stole Warren seat in 1969 when @GOPSenate pulled Same Shi+ Different Year
Is #Scalia #gorsuch @Scotus seat ONLY seat to have been stolen by #Conservative TWICE?
You're the worst
Voting for someone who refused to answer questions about ads supporting his nomination, paid for with dark money. "Citizens United" is safe.
Proud to be voting you out of office during midterms!
Shameful you fell in line with this. Disgusted. #noFlake2018
Only after breaking a 200 yr rule of denying @POTUS44 s choice to even have a hearing then changing the Senate rules.Shame on you. #SCOTUS
Shame on you for supporting #PutinsSCOTUS.
As a bible thumper, you should know pride is a deadly sin.
Vote NO on flake
Just stop talking Jeff.
Really? So you are siding with corporations over us the forgotten people??
It's not ‘‘Scalia's seat.’’ It belongs to the people. Just like yours. You politicians tend to forget that.
No, the court system was literally designed as the anti-democratic branch of government. That's why judges have lifetime tenure.
But not worthy of the United States of America
Are you reading the same reality book as trump."worthy" is not a word I would use Nd you republicans are the lowest of low possible.Shameful
Bad move
You calling him mainstream does not make him so. If he were mainstream, you would not have had to cheat to get him approved by less than 60
Gorsuch will be like steroid baseball players. A thief and cheater. He did not have the morals to decline the stolen seat. Like you! 2/2
I am proud to be among your former constituents to vote you out in 2018.  You lied in this statement.  Gorsuch is not mainstream. #FireFlake
You should have been proud to confirm Merrick Garland.  Toast in 2018! 
going to be proud to stand up to help spread the the word FLAKE is a true flake for AZ vote him out in 2018
You are a thief. You stole President Obama's nomination. And even worse, for all eternity there will an asterisk next to Gorsuch's name. 1/2
Proud to organize against you in 2018. Put your millions away for that rainy day.
Jeff Flake 2018!!! 
Oh my I see the left are still whining...and whining...and.....Get over it
A big Congratulations to the Honorable Justice Gorsuch!! GOD bless you!! 
That seat belongs to us! The people! Just like yours! Start looking for a new job you party hack!
Praise GOD!!! Hallelujah!!! Thank you Senator Flake!! Blessings!! 
You continue to disappoint your constituents.
Mainstream? What are you smokin bought & pd for conservative
He's mainstrean if you're paid off by NRA and big business... oh wait. Now Its clear
are you proud of promulgating Trumpism at its worst? Proud that you haven't fairly represented your constiutents? November has a good memory
Mainstream? You have to be crazy.
Rediculous! Gorsuch is for corporations. He does not support people. Hmm...sounds familiar Senator Flake. U vote against the majority also!
You all changed the rules to get what you wanted! Shame on all who voted for him and didn't give the same courtesy to Merrick
Not mainstream "originalist" / stolen seat by any means necessary  epic fail
Once again, you have demonstrated adherence to party line over the good of the people. Shame!
I wouldn't be so proud to have changed the way Supreme Court Judges are confirmed. If Trump did collude with Russia you'll look really bad.
Excuse me - mainstream?  Corporations over people is not mainstream.
Teaching our children, if the rules don't work for you, just change them until they do. #shameonyou
Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland - Gorsuch stole his seat but @JeffFlake's will be lost in 2018. So, there's that.
You make me sick
#JusticeGorsuch  * Stolen Seat
Mainstream my ass!
Another Scalia.
Your understanding of mainstream is so warped. #2018 @twwnaz
About as mainstream as a horse-sized duck? @twwnaz
Oh stop it! You know all too well how he got there and he's no where near mainstream.
Illegitimate vote, illegitimate judge.
Shame. Nuke option is GOP Dirty Tricks  @RepAndyBiggsAZ @SenJohnMcCain @dougducey @RepMcSally @RepGosar @vp
So recess starts today. When is the townhall in Phoenix going to be
Keep it up @JeffFlake  and you'll be out of a job real fast!!!
Two year olds have less temper tantrums than #GOP. And changing game to get what you want? Sure, congrats buddy. #anybodybutflake2018
You may have voted for qualified candidate. You also voted for one guilty of stealing and who will forever have an ASSTERISK behind his name
Well we're not proud of you. Your stmt about Gorsuch is simply your justification for a stupid vote on both Gorsuch and rule change. #2018
Time to vote u out @JeffFlake  in 2018
Gorsuck my balls
And I tell you again that I will proudly vote for your opponent in 2018!  You all should NOT have held that seat open. Vile hyper partisan!
#fireflake
2018 will see the end of the GOP
u & your party don't give a shit about the constitution or the rule of law. Cheaters!
Proud to vote for your opponent in 2018!!!
#LiterallyAnyoneButFlake2018 has my vote!
But HATED changing  senate rules,right? Had to make sure YOU can get what YOU want? The damage you are doing now will be felt for decades.
Rubber Stamp!
Actually not mainstream. Not a freak, mind you, but not mainstream. Don't be silly
You now own the 5-4 decisions coming down. We will hold you accountable next year
Someone who will protect Corporate interests and screw the little guy.  Russia will be happy with this.
Your ethics are kind of skewed terribly wrong, Jeffy.
And it only cost your seat! Bye bye Flake. Shame on you.
#StolenSeat #MerrickGarland #dontpretendthiswasright
See, but the seat was Merrick Garland's, not Scalia's
Suck a leamon
Gorsuch only considered "mainstream" by people who don't have vaginas
It wasn't Scalia's. It was Garlands. Your vote to end the filibuster just helped radicalize the Senate & hurt the nation. You're a disgrace.
It's not Scalia's seat.
Mainstream!? You are a very sick sick human being. Everything about you and this is a scam. Scam after scam.
I live in Tucson. Keep up this way of thinking and there's absolutely no way u can keep ur seat. Gorsuch is no where near mainstream
Scalia was the furthest away from mainstream that any justice could be. You have no clue as to what you're talking about.
Definitely not mainstream. Ignoring so many of your constituents could be a very big mistake for your reelection.
In vox populi, just another woman hater.
Your continued support for an admin under FBI investigation is a disgrace. If you think you are doing great, why not have a Town Hall!?
And just like that I'm no longer following. Revealed yourself to be another corporate GOP traitor.
Proud to have voted to go nuclear? Shame on you traitor.
Well done. Admirable nominee for the high court (speaking as one who didn't vote for DT). Good to see there are still some grown ups in DC.
Are you proud that you ruined 230 years of tradition to do it?  I am sickened by you. As are THE MAJORITY of AMERICANs
Your vote for a NON MAINSTREAM plagiarizing jurist will not earn votes from this constituent. Again you disappoint me.
Filling a seat stolen by the Republicans and Mitch McConnel. Enjoy your "victory"!
You believe sending this man with only a simple majority will sit as a peer with the other super majority Justices?  Very ill conceived.
your time in DC is coming to an end you hypocrite. Drain the swamp.
You sir, stole this seat. Changed the rules, yes. I imagine your ilk is proud.
You don't listen to your constituents
Vote no on Flake.
 i second that!
Disappointed constituent here. Why weren't hearings postponed until Trump-Russia investigation was complete?
In 577 days you you know, without a doubt, what your Constituents feel about you changing the rules to get your way.  #ticktock
Some folks give up things for Lent. I'm giving up discretionary items to save up $ for midterm warchest.  And this guy MOTIVATES me.
Unfortunate
Equally as proud of the treatment Merrick Garland was subjected to by the dishonorable @GOP?
We'll see. I wonder how long before you nuke the legislative filibuster?
#JudgeGorsuch #GOPHypocrisy #SCOTUS
President who won 5 mil more votes in 2012 couldn’t fill SCOTUS seat but the one who got 2.9 mil fewer votes & under FBI investigation did
Proud to vote your ass out in 2018
If he's so great why did you have to change the rules to get him confirmed?! Don't blame partisan politics because you are just as guilty.
mainstream jurist?  I don't think so.
You also must be proud that 3rd parties can now buy our browser history huh? You are a classical shyster.
Looking forward to seeing his and all of his cronies. Because it's coming.
