I guess all RINOS stick together! How about standing for right against wrong! America first, Sir!
America first?  Hope you include the 20 million Americans that Senator Collins' vote saved healthcare for in your assessment.
Medicaid is still there.
If the Republican Tax plan goes through 500 Billionkn Medicaid cuts go through as well, this minimizing even more access.
That sooooooooo works for a 78 year old retireee!
You got big bucks 4 your book & now u say nothing about the unfit man sitting in the office?  Your name fits you to a T.  #HypocriteFlake
AND a Democrat lol loser
Hurry up 2018, we have to get rid of these A-holes !!!
She is like you ... a RINO
She is a fool.. of the same cloth as the Flake!!..
Lavish, slobbering praise for extreme radical liberal Collins; yet tiny-fisted, foot stamping against conservatives. #QuitMoreQuietlyPlease
Thank Bipartisan Effort Re-establishing the Subsidies for ACA via @SenLamarAlexander & @SenPattyMurray. Flake stop lying. Pres.Trump Signed
You and Collins are both DEEP SWAMP SNAKES. Filling your own pockets with big kickbacks. Pay to Play
SAVE this tweet for 2018 campaign-I guarantee it will be HILARIOUS after BOTH Flake & Collins LOSE BIG TIME - SUPPORT #TRUMP #TrumpsArmy
This tweet will NOT age well .. when you are both at home
You forgot to add "Democrat in hiding"
Apologies for the vulgarity, but fuck yes.  USA is better today and tomorrow bc of @SenatorCollins sticking around and standing up tall.
thinks for admitting your a democrat and so is Collins.Nothing like selling your self out to the liberals.More people are wanting Kelly
RINOS will soon be extinct! You fools have dug your own graves. I can't wait til the midterms!
Yes she is but you are not
That's a great joke 
You are a globalist! Not a Republican.  Same as Collins and McCain! End DACA! End Islamic terror! You need to be voted out!
Your twitter name should read: “FORMER ...” spare us the agony and leave right now
Yeah she's too kind to deprive millions of health care.  What about you?
says the guy who's got a whopping 18% approval rating.
Your approval will be dropping to 13% with Collins' endorsement.
Enjoy your office while it lasts. Elections have consequences as you shall see when you lose. RINOS will start to be extinct 2018. #MAGA!!
Maybe should replace you
She is absolutely a worthless attention seeker!
She is a Rhino like you.
How would you term using tax dollars to support Planned Parenthood? Is that smart, kind, or thoughtful
Collins is a political dinosaur. She does not listen 2 the heartbeat of America. Instead listens to the extremist
Can't wait to see both of these RINOs voted out.
No. She. Is. Not.
No she's not. She turned her back on Americans, just like McCain & others did when she didn't keep her promise to repeal the unaffordable Obamacare. You showed yourself to be disloyal to your party by going against Pres Trump & the voters will remember that!
The clock is ticking for you Flake.  Better get that lobbyist job lined up.
The really good news is your time in Washington is about done! Out with the RINOs
You need to go & take Collins & McCain with you. 3 traitors
You should follow her lead! Words are cheap!
Yes she's great
I'll vote democrat before I vote you two
One undocumented Democrat praising another. Get something done already. No participation trophies.
Gonna be really awesome when you're all primaried out of the senate.
Vote Dr. Kelli Ward. Sick of Flakes and Collins. You aren't Republicans; you are frauds.
#DontThinkSo ...Kind ?
Thoughtful ? Smart ?

#SenSusanCollins~
#CAUGHT~ on
"HOT MIKE" CALLING
A #Congressman
#FAT !!
#UNATTRACTIVE !!

Senators Flake and Collins @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski @SenBobCorker Trump/Bannon is after you. Do you want to sit with Moore? Flip to Dem
Says the fake republican about another fake republican 
She's a Rino just like you. Your end is nigh!
She's a Democrat not a Republican. She is not representing the majority that voted her in
You can't be serious. Oh wait I fear you actually are serious which is a scary thought
I thought Republicans weren't all about giving away free stuff.  Guess I was wrong.
You RINOs are completely delusional. Both you and Collins are working against the best interests of our country. You will lose in 2018.
Susan Rice retweeted this so you know you are wrong. What we need is #TermLimits to remove all those that fail putting America first. #MAGA
Collins is another about to be tossed down the road RINOs..the growing group of soon to be ex senators..the wrath is coming Flake
What planet are you on?
So you really want to be unemployed and anyone you endorse will have the same fate, can you promote Schumer,Watters Warren and Pelosi?
Whose on her way out the door.  Now moving along...

You and Collins will be replaced next election for conservatives that serve the people not the political elite.
What?
If you like him, he must be a big piece of , birds of a feather flock together or so I've heard...
Correction "she" but comes in all genders. Jeff don't come down to Sierra Vista, I'll be there and will call you out for lying to my face!
One more reason not to vote for you
No one cares about anything except why aren't you consolidating the action against the maniac?
Sorry, but collins is NO GOOD! & Flake won't get reelected, neither will @SpeakerRyan . Get behind, @realDonaldTrump or GTFO! Bye losers
she's just another democrat
Proving you are on the take and a swamp donkey
Seriously, some of y'all need to retire. The cool-aid is apparently thick
And she has a conscience and courage. Unlike you.
hah. You are gone this election, RINO
Ordinary I'd say you'd  be smart to keep your mouth shut however for you it matters not .. you are gone in '18
That figures, RINO. To bad WE'RE not your friends. We want the Wall and tax cuts. Got it? If you can't do that, resign!
Annnnnd it verifies just how astonishing clueless you are...
Another liberal
Thank you for helping us focus on and direct funds for you two #RinoReplacements
Birds of the Establishment feather flock together.  #DrainTheSwamp
The good news is y'all will be replaced with real MEN.  Fakes will have to go.
Don't forget Democrat. Collins is a solid Democrat.
Jeff I hope you will help pass the Tax bill, we the ppl need this passed !!

Wow. You just don’t get it do you? No matter. Soon you’ll be replaced.
Republican/Democrat.Conservative/liberal.Black/white. STOP! More unites us than divides. Love of http://country.Love  of constitution. Us
No she isn't.  She is a moron.
And completely ineffective. Just like you, Jeff.
As Wilbur Ross said > Congress more interested in process than in results. @SenatorCollins
You are on your way out, good news
Hey Flake shut your pie hole you scumbag. You probably are the most loathed elected employee in AZ behind McCain of course. Primary your ass
You are both putting your personal feelings for our President ahead of what is good for the people who elected you.. it is very obvious...
Do you hear the knocking of 2018?  It's round the corner, FLAKEMAN.  Your opinions do NOT matter.
SMH  at all the people calling @JeffFlake a RINO. Conservatives have truly gone off the rails
Well, if you like Democrats.
@JeffFlake you and your veneers will be out of office soon
Well that's great Jeff, you two will be spending lots of time together when u both lose your re-election bids.
She is a DAMNED FOOL like Y O U. The day when BOTH of you are out can't come soon enough.
yea just like you right! Bye bye Jeff
Democrat in disguise
Maybe you should listen more to what she says about healthcare
@kelliwardaz For US Senate...2018
She's a Swamp Creature the same as you Flake
No not really traitor to the Republican Party.  She need to go
You, are delusional
Both of you can talk about how great you both were when you find yourselves jobless soon. I only hope they do something about your pensions.
all of you RINO's will be voted out sooner that later
hope you enjoyed your career, although the dems need help I hear
Lol! You are delusional, we are not!
Feelings are for DEMOCRATS
We need Senators who KEEP THEIR PROMISES WHILE RUNNING FOR RE-ELECTION
#RinoPurge is coming. And you’re both on the list. #Traitor
When Susan Rice likes your tweet we know who's side you are on.
GOP Maine-Need true conservative to run against her in primary
Makes it easy to defeat them when they stick together they'll fall together
Dear @jeffflake - you’re fired!
Pedoface

All the qualities you lack Senator. Learn from her.
@JeffFlake @AmbassadorRice & @SenatorCollins ALL OF YOU SUCK!
Jeff, at some point U need 2 stop digging. U R NEVER going 2 get reelected, so why dont U retire now. then we can get on with fixing USA
WE THE PEOPLE WILL VOTE OUT THE ESTABLISHMENT REPUBLICANS AND VOTE IN THE NEW CONSERVATIVES REPUBLICANS 2018. FLAKE, COLLINS VOTE OUT!!!!!!!
You are out
Coming from this Anti-American it means “Hell No” don’t vote or support this person. #Rv18 -let’s take back the @GOP
I wish you cared as much for the people of Arizona as she cares about the people (all the people not just republicans) in her state.
All set to swing red on @realDonaldTrump endorsements and drain DC swamp. Enjoy your time while it lasts, you've been exposed as a sellout.

Trump takes a look at the obvious problem and formulates a plan based on the facts! He doesn’t give two shits about liberal ass pansies from the media like Jeff Dwoskin or Anderson Cooper.…
Amen.
Wow Jeff. What the hell happened to you? You were once a rising strong conservative but now you're just part of the DC establishment mess.
He's been a Progressive hiding behind Conservative rhetoric like his Progessive GOPe tovarisch McCain.
Please don't let these folks ruin our country! Trump needs to be stopped!
Absolutely wrong. She voted against OCare repeal.
Your both hypocrites
SWAMP CREATURES !!  Times up !!
The "silent majority" will remove her. She will be voted out! One by one the swamp will be purged! Trump USA 1st
AMEN!
You're delusional
I call BS
She loves her state, you only love your donors.
Flake is Like Yeah we will still have an Extra Swamp Vote.
Hahahahah .Does He Realize HE "Flake" will be Gone 2 Years Before Collins is Gone
Lol ok buddy
Still got to get past November which I seriously doubt you him or anyone else that is still against us will.
THATS YOUR OPINION YOU DONT LIVE IN MAINE, THIS LADY IS ASS BACKWARDS ONLY CARES ABOUT 15TH IN SENATE AND POWERFUL COMMITTEES SCREWING US.
As an American and conservative , you couldn’t be more wrong
You are either completely out of touch with the R voters or you could not care less or you are a lying politician. Never mind - you're all 3
You idiot, @SenatorCollins is just like you @JeffFlake a RINO- DemocRAT that blocks everything good for the country. Just get OUT !!!!!!!
Really? What has Collins done to work with the Senate to compromise and further Trump's agenda?  Right. Nothing. She's gotta go.
...aaaannd sorta dingy.
Rino hack just like yourself. Thank God your days r numbered , you r going to be replaced like she will be
She knows she'd lose in the primary.
OMG, How do we take this?? Do we do Opposite?? Do we think the DayCare let out early?? Is this a Kiss of Death?? OH he's saying Good Bye.

No. Actually she is a whore solely legislating from the orders of her lobbyist masters and not her constituents. Just clearing that up
Collins, Flake, McCain, Murkowski, you all are done, more will join you when it's time to vote! Americans have been snuffed too long! MAGA!
Stop protecting each other it's disgusting you don't even like each other
#oxfordcomma
#RepealAndReplaceCongress in 2018 & 2020
#Trump2020 #MAGA
Both of you are going to have your asses handed to you in 2018.
People of Arizona, now is your chance to redeem yourselves and vote @JeffFlake out of the rest of American's lives.
and don't forget she is an #UndocumentedDemocrat like yourself.
Parkinson's seems to be getting worse. Watch her motor functions on CSPAN
You will not be there next term to know
Sorry but she won’t make it thru the primary
Bake the Flake 2018. Vote that creep out, #Arizona.
