I think the most egregious spending is senate and house health/pension packages when so many people can't meet their basic needs
Is "Benghazi Hearing 6" or "Benghazi Hearing 7" winning?
.@JeffFlake Is your salary among the choices?  604 days #tick tock
604 days to realize you should have listened to you constituents.
.@JeffFlake you say #soursixteen. I say #sweet2018. Out of touch. Soon to be out of time.  Do your job!!!!! #twwnaz #byebye #democracy
your airfare is a waste of money-
If ALL you can do is speak where you get an echo- you'll always be the smartest man in the room
what about your salary and health benefits? Can we add that to the list?
where is proposed #defense increase to a budget larger than next 7 friends or foes (10x US population)? Sour 16 are pocket change
how about u look into defense budget see what systems don't work junk those. Second thoughts on McCain's pet projects.
Secret service protection for his kids as they travel the world making business deals?  Where is that going to rank??
vote him out of office. Our only recourse.
I am feeling good about 2018. Just watched .@brahmresnik how your polls are falling. Makes me happy to watch you get voted out.
How much will your attempts to destroy Internet privacy for consumers cost us?
Yeah right cuz Federal spending on science is so *wasteful*.  Perhaps it seems so to ignoramuses (like you)
yeah like social security, medicare/medicaid, epa, food stamps. defense.
your salary is still not in the top 16?
Trump going to Florida to play golf, and Melanie staying in NYC.  Egregiously wasteful. My tax $ are paying for that?!!!
nobody likes you!!!!
you support unethical hunting such as shooting brown & black bears from helicopters you're VILE!!
stop the trumpcare proposal... Possibly the prez stop weekend travel and give that money to the poor for healthcare! #2018 not u
this #pieday chart explains a lot.
I don't have much faith, but please vote NO & stop H.J. Res.69/S.J.R. 18. This bill is inhumane & unnecessary.
how about this - let's ALL vote to get you the hell out of office in 2018
represent Americans and stop defending a WH that is corrupt and dishonest. #resist
Fund science, education, Medicare and Medicaid-cut Trump's golf weekends if you need money. Science and Education grow economy.
So... what about the military? Pentagon says they have enough $ but you guys keep sending more. Surely there's waste there?
what is this stupid thing?
Your salary, your insurance, your travel expenses. HOW BOUT ALL THE GOP GIVE UP THEIR SALARY
Well, @JeffFlake how much money is being spent on this bogus wiretapping investigation? A lot.
hold potus accountable. He is nuts. Push back against the ridiculousness-it besmirches our White House and American values.#truth
how about the ENTIRE repuglican agenda!
.@JeffFlake you are so done in 2018.  Why aren't you asking to investigate #russia? History won't be kind.  #2018 #byebye #twwnaz
you have better things to do and much larger fish to fry!
I'm that's a toughy...YOUR SALARY!
What about egregious wasteful use of Earth, Wind, and Fire references?  May not have cost much, but definitely "sour"!!
Tump's spending $ to visit FL, secure Trump Tower, and protect his adult children roaming the globe. #FlakeOut2018
Get Melanoma out Of NYC. KEEP dt away from palm beach.
really hard to do without more background. Studying Bigfoot might help to understand trump voters
can we vote that paying you is wasteful and the job you are doing is egregious? We will in 2018
Your salary! You love power and money more than the American people
no Res.18 our animals need protections not killing
Biggest waste is the salaries paid to any GOP legislative member. No need to vote on that, the whole world knows it! #Resistance
Trump golf outings
Your salary!!  Tournament over!
#russiatrump
I wanted to vote, but Trump's excessive security expenses wasn't an option.  When will you find the courage to stand up to him?
You are #1 on that list, oh look that's a trend. How many millions have been wasted on Trumps vacations to his own properties?
the millions we waste on the NY tower his adult children for secret service Reagan didn't want the govt to pay for his.
A vote for Jeff Flake is a vote for Donald Trump.
that would be the proposed wall. I am sickened you're going along with it. Could permanently house all homeless in USA
I would have to agree, your salary is when you support 45's agenda and continue to ignore constituents.  When is that town hall?
Town hall? You mean the telephone one where he can mute constituents?
hm srsly, Drumpf golfing, corporate welfare, purchase of unnecessary military hardware... and y'all are looking at cheerleading
your salary
Keep the study on Bigfoot. More sightings of him in AZ than you at a townhall!
every hour of your salary spent supporting Trump's evil corrupt regime instead of working in best interest of your constituents?

Is #1 seed Trump golfing at his own clubs each weekend to promote his properties or Melania camped out in NY on taxpayer dime?
Drumpf at Mar-a-Lago every weekend?  Where is that going to rank??
Is paying for Trump to go to Florida to play golf on this list?
YOU ARE THE MOST WASTEFUL SPENDING I've ever done with my tax dollars!! Is that on Team Paul?
WOW, apparently in your world time is something you CAN waste... how about do some WORK instead of this little distract-a-thon
Your salary, your staff's salaries, your expenses...
You beat me to it.
The salaries of senators who work against their constituents.
The most wasteful spending are any funds spent on Donald Trump, his Senior Advisors, and his entire family!
Weekends at Mar-a-Lago? Securing 5th Avenue? Salaries for @KellyannePolls, @SarahHuckabee and Steve Bannon?
