@TheAZGovWatch @jeffsessions I am a voter in AZ,  Congressional District 8. I will be in Washington DC for the Women's march.
Women deserve healthcare coverage for BC and access to Reproductive healthcare.  Don't Defund Planned Parenthood.  Constituents R watching
: After listening to the hearing, today, I have more hope in my heart to restore America.  Thank you.  ~  L
To what, homophobia and sexism?  Just remember that when your rights as a woman have been stripped way under this bigot.
:  You don't know much about Alabama women, do you?  ~  L
commenting on AZ senators Tw isn't helpful. Majority of his constituents don't support this vote. @JeffFlake @legaleagle48
What bigot? I haven't witnessed a bigot--a catch-all term for anyone of conservative thought. ~ L
Sessions voting records and past actions represent a discriminatory platform. Hence label of bigot
As a Senator, any Senator votes on making or not making law. Sessions committed to upholding laws.  ~ L
Please do not support this man. He seems nice enough. But we need someone with a stronger civil rights record. These are very tense times.
disappointing decision and one that will not be forgotten.
@SenJohnMcCain Jeff Sessions is a dreadful bigot & a bald face liar!  http://theslot.jezebel.com/savor-al-franken-laying-into-jeff-sessions-over-his-mis-1791038815 … #terrible
Supporting @jeffsessions for AG reflects your dedication to ur party, not ur constituents. We'll rem in 2018! 
Hey with friends like that, who needs enemies?
you could have at least waited until the testimony was completed.
Rings hollow to condemn #Muslimban EO and then stump for the guy whose fingerprints are all over it #stopsessions
this is disappointing when previous effort for Sessions to be cleared by the judiciary committee was denied for blatant racism.
Nope #notnownotever
.@JeffFlake This is disappointing. Just one reason of many: The opposing witnesses have yet to testify.
Come on. You're not that ignorant. Hearings are theatre. Nobody EVER changes vote as a result.
I don't see how you can support Sen Sessions for AG. His history follows him like a cesspit. Do you job and reject his nomination
if he wanted to do his job, the senate would have appointment a SCOTUS judge 8 months ago
u are draining the swamp right in the front door. You are acting as bad as him? As a AZ voter I'm so upset. Look at his record!
What a nightmare for America..an AG who thinks he can return us to the bitter justice of the past.
@TheAZGovWatch @jeffsessions Stop the war on Women  !
@TheAZGovWatch @jeffsessions Please don't vote for Sessions
.@JeffFlake Jeff Sessions supports policies that make it harder for AZ citizens to vote based on the color of their skin. He's a traitor.
thanks so much for codifying racial discrimination and pure hatred towards nonwhites, Jeff. -a registered AZ voter of color
I'd like to say your support of this racist is surprising, but it's not.
how could you morally support an open racist to uphold the laws equally for ALL Americans? Senator Jeff Flake 6028401891...
Another reason to vote you out in midterms. Enjoy your last two years as an AZ senator.
. Sent Flake, your deference to Trump instead of to your country will cost you your seat in 2018. AZ is watching.
Sessions has been a racist all his life. He can't just say he won't be anymore. Disappointed. This voter says NO
how can you say this before one of the most important civil rights leaders testifies?
please reconsider this support, particularly on MLK Day, you represent a diverse state and Sessions is on wrong side of history
Your constituents will remember this come midterms in a short 18 months.  You're no Kyl or McCain, peace out Flake!
SELL OUT, HOW DO YOU SUPPORT THIS RACIST
In fact, take it all seriously. Americans are getting madder each day. Country first, party last. Nothing is normal
As a register voter in Arizona and a member of the LGBTQ community I urge you to reconsider.
the cleaners just called your sheet is ready.
will he have the guts to enforce the nepotism law?
disappointed in your soft questioning of Sen. Sessions. I hoped you'd be a conservative 2 help lead in medical MJ @ the fed level
so it may become available nationwide at Veterans Health for those vets who could use it for chronic pain and ptsd. Your support
of Sen Sessions, shows you don't care about this issue, even though your state is med Marijuana.  2018 can't come soon enough.
NO... You are NOT in office to support you friends and colleagues...but your Constituents...remember? NO
I know the one thing you want and sweetie we'll make sure you never get it. You will never be the senior senator from Arizona.
I'm glad you're supporting your buddy @jeffsessions and not your state or country. Cause that's what you were voted in to do...
So you are going to stay on this sinking ship Mr. Flake? Noted.
You support u own it. There is a mob with torches forming outside the boys club. Take this seriously.
Shame on you for supporting @jeffsessions!
I’m a registered AZ voter. Very disappointed. Sessions’ attitudes are horrible on civil rights, voting rights, women, and LGBT.
TERRIBLE decision. He's a CONFIRMED racist - AZ will remember in 2018!!
Wow. So let's not consider how he's THWARTED civil rights in the past.

we are saddened and will not forget
you are making a mistake @jeffsessions is not worthy and cannot be trusted to enforce ALL laws
this isn't about you and your friends. & Qualified is not the bar your constituents want set. We expect greatness and fairness.
This country doesn't need more small minds in charge. I'll remember this when you're up for re-election.
Do your job for all the people in Arizona you represent.
The one I am most concerned about and wish you would not confirm. Please give it more thought.
bad news.
I really thought you were better than this
Dude supports the guy who said your good friend @SenJohnMcCain was "not a war hero." You have 0 integrity.
you are supporting a tainted racist bigot, and thus you are one.
questioning was weak of @SenatorSessions #AttorneyGeneral #confirmationhearings. Our network will remember #Election2016 #primary
Very disappointed that confirmation hearings are being rushed through.
so you're not standing on high moral ground any longer?  So disappointing.
“Anyone who's used power…as US Attny to…chill free exercise of ballot should'nt be elevated to our courts" - Coretta Scott King
Your unqualified friend.
have read the briefing on Russia blackmailing .@realDonaldTrump?
Are you into that Southern Racist thing too?
you're fired
Finally! Thanks
oh No.
How about protecting the American people from Trump presidency. We will never accept Russian puppet president.
WoW you are so misinformed
A pleasure watching today.  Best AG confirmation ever coming soon.
buddy, jeffsesh is a turd
left winger fuck wad
no I said "turd" I don't think he's on the "left wing" thx tho
I'm talking about you
we're talking about turdboy jeff on this thread
Simple question:  Will the GOP replacement plan cover as many people as Obamacare?
horrid news - very disappointed in you
