U helped give us DeVos that will hurt schools. R U going to help confirm someone out to destroy the EPA. Please vote no on Pruitt
#HSA's R U kidding? How much is your insurance? That we pay for. Screw you & the elephant u rode in on

can you say "my bill" a couple more hundred times??????
You know what? Whatever you replace it with all of Congress must be in the same plan.
To think people don't have enough for premiums but do have enough for hsa is absurd.  #outin2018
Repealling the ACA needs to take a backseat right now. Don't you consider treason more pressing?
Actually, who are we kidding. This guy won't even hold town halls right now.
So does this mean that there really were no ideas on how to replace the ACA?
You know, @JeffFlake, for having spent well over 6 years decrying the ACA, your language is incredibly tentative.  "...can be part of..."?
You're not consulting Dave Brat for advice, are you?  Why in the world would HSAs be better than ACA?
HSAs are the equivalent of a pebble dropped in the sea as an impact on solving healthcare affordability. Get serious
Please explain where this extra money for HSA is? Working families are struggling #ACA
Working families have the most expenses and pay more taxes than our own #SoCalledPresident
How does the ability to expand HSAs help those who don't have any extra income to contribute to them??
~ I urge you to oppose Pruitt's confirmation. You & your boys enjoy the outdoors, so help preserve it.
that. The ONLY way a HSA would be enough is if the government matches personal contributions and 5
no. Not even close. It would need to be Bout triple that. HSA is in no way a viable option
WHO CAN AFFORD TO SAVE MONEY INTO A HSAS ACCOUNTS I LIVE WEEK TO WEEK  PLEASE VOTE FLAKE OUT
Living beyond means? In debt? Do you work more than one job?  Are u educated?
your vote for Pruitt will not be forgotten,  along with DeVos,  Tillerson. You will be voted out. #TheResistance
No more "governing" business, no more confirmations, until the Trump/Flynn/Russia/Sanctions resolved.
HSAs don't help the low wage earner. Not a complete solution.
You know and I know, HSA are a ruse & a joke. Two days in the hospital would wipe out 12K. Don't repeal the ACA!
Most issues with ACA were caused by obstructionist Republicans collaborating with insurers for ACA failure. #FixACA
WHERE will poor people get the money to put in HSA & how far will a few grand go? NOT far.
Just you and the guys.  Why no town hall meeting?
are you serious?if people can't afford card now how will they squirrel for HSA?#626days #notsoonenough
What happens to people who are too poor to contribute to HSAs, who lose their subsidies under GOPcare?
can we put you & your family on the HSA plan and I'll go on the Fed employees cadillac plan?
When Trump train derails, you're going down with it; we will not forget how easily you climbed aboard.
please hold the vote on Pruitt until his records are released
Have you discussed this w/your constituents? Name a date, time, and place for your townhall and we'll clear our schedules!
Love to discuss this & other issues at town hall with you Senator. When can we expect one?
Agree that the use of HSAs should be expanded - but this is NOT an adequate replacement for the ACA.
-HSAs are NOT a viable alternative to Obamacare (ACA). You have no concept of real life for folks.2018!
this is not a town hall- it;s not even a village hall. Sen. Flake your voting public is asking for a Town Hall in AZ
choose to fix it in the right way. Start by increasing subsidies and regulating prices.
Any plan that isn't basically the ACA is going to fail, or its single payer. Fix the ACA. But 10
1990s as an alternative to the Clinton plan. It's the plan Romney put in place in Massachusetts 9
essentially the plan Nixon proposed in the '70s. It's the plan that Republicans proposed in the 8
that fixes the system is either single payer or its the ACA. The ACA is a Republican plan. It's 7
oh, great plan, Jeff. If America is sick, we can't fight back.
covers all expenses in excess of the HSA. Which would be a single payer system. Because ANY system 6
same situation. And a serious illness or accident can cost thousands in a day. No HSA can pay for 3
Or we'd have to forgo all medical care except for what my husband needs to live. Millions are in our 2
for insurance. Without insurance, our entire income would be eaten by medical expenses. 2
I have a family of 7, and our HSA runs out after 8 months every year. But a HSA isn't a substitute 1
HSAs are a great supplement to insurance. I'd love it if the cap on the amount you can put in went up
RICH GET TAX BREAK THE MIDDLE CLASS AND POOR ARE LEFT OUT IN THE COLD LAIRS VOTE FLAKE OUT 2018
45.3% of US Households pay no income tax.  Upper middle class gets hosed.
Single payer is the best solution.  If HSA's are so good, why doesn't congress try it first. #GreedyOldParty
go ahead Flake finish destroying the middle class for the enrichment of your donor class
think about repeal of DOL rule??  We should just give all our money to banks and call it a day
do you think people have money to save for healthcare when they are taking 0.40 of every $1 from 401k?
There's a lot of negative body language in this picture. How you feeling these days? A little sick?
that is assuming you earn enough to establish a HSA. Tax breaks don't matter at that wage level.
would you mind discussing it with AZ? During a town hall? Probs too complicated to explain on twitter.
why replace when you can simply improve? Pretty sure your bill is a drop in the bucket
Why didn't you have this ready to go years ago?
HSAs are not the best solution for everyone. In fact they can be as bad as not having any coverage!
if you suffer from some chronic conditions. Protect the most vulnerable and protect the ACA
Property taxes fund public health. Employer-paid health only worked when trade surplus was positive.
Do not appeal the ACA without a real plan in place. The American people need health coverage.
Access ≠ healthcare. An unprincipled ideologue, swinging a wrecking ball. You do not care who you hurt. We will vote in 2018.
Demand investigation into Russian ties and we want POTUS tax returns
Congress said NO to releasing taxes, to preserve his privacy??@RepDavid
this is not an acceptable replacement as it would leave the poorest among us out of options. #shameful
Will these HSAs cover people insane enough to think that DeVos was a good idea?
HSAs are more qualified to replace Obamacare than Betsy DeVos was to be Secretary of Education
Some people don't have money to put in an HSA.  Then what ??
