Just stop it!  We know how u really feel about POTUS and WE THE PEOPLE who support him.  Thank God every day that my Senator is Mr. Cruz!!!
"Too little too late" commenting on Trumps racist lie. #LateToTheParty #OwnYourMistakes  #Resist
Really could you expand on the times you agree with him????
Sadly you were silent in 2011 when it came to @realDonaldTrump Racism and disgraceful #BirtherMovement To say you did is to stretch Truth
Really, great lets make a real enemy of someone without proof of collusion.
But we mostly disagree.  I Love this guy! .. and McCain
Flake Picks Immigrants Over GOP Voters

Try living in a world of dems tho

It would be great if he was first woman president! Maybe then he'd stop claiming he has the right to grab women by their genitals. #predator
Like hell, you lick his ass all day then say you are against him. You NEVER stood up to birtherism. No better than @POTUS
Why don't you just go join the demoncrats?!? You're the biggest RINO in office next Traitor @JohnMcCain. Support our pres or leave your seat
U should be disagreeing with the president more adamantly. Your efforts are too little and much too late.
Behind Closed Doors kicking and screaming
It's easy to cloak oneself in self-righteous indignation when there's a smell of blood in the water.

But it is truly spineless.

#LastWord
You are a libtard!! when you tweet we all know
... saying on CNN there are some things that “are more important than a political career.”

Okay, Flake. We hear you. #KelliWard4Senate
Liked your comments in interview w/ chuck todd -yes, GOP need to learn to stand up to Trump and call him out when he spreads fake comments
No one cares what you think.  Praying the voters will get rid of you in 2018!  RINO!
2018 I WILL NOT BE VOTING FOR FLAKE IS ANYONE ELSE???? NEED NEW REPUBLICANS @SenJohnMcCain NEED TO GO TO
But, Senator, you keep stabbing the Deplorables in the back!!! Immigration was 600,000 under Pres. Reagan, btw. U.S. citizens come first!!!
For shame. You've been an apologist 4 #Trump and #Republicanparty 4 FIVE YEARS. Don't pee on our legs and try to convince us it's raining!
Are you serious? He did it under duress & scolded the Senate in his signing statement. He is just trying to stay out of prison. #TrumpRussia
Switch parties Jeff. You are "colluding with the Democrats". You are disgraceful. ... http://tmi.me/1fjm1n 
Did you even read his statement? He called it unconstitutional and said he makes better deals than Congress.
He is mentally unfit.
His stmt is what happens when 1 is between a rock and a hard place.Putin saying dont sign it or kompromat comes out & Congress says sign
Hopefully the Kompromat leaks out. 
Mueller is obviously attempting to cast as wide a net as possible, he already has proof on Trump.
Bullshit. What's your source?
As soon as they tell you, you will sputter trying to impeach the source Corenna.Keep defending 45 as thats all your little brain can handle
Hilarious
I bet U agree with him on this bill. Congress trying to keep Trump from helping middle class. Keeps Trump off his agenda to help the MC.
Russia can be our friend. Assad protected Jews and Christians. Putin is standing up against the gay fascists
it was wrong to sign any sanctions on Russia they did nothing.It was Obama and Hillary and dnc who committed the crimes
You're a snow flake fraud! Note latest poll shows you with an 18% favorable rating in AZ! You couldn't qualify to carry POTUS briefcase!
Trying to save your job while voting with him all the time yet complaining about him is a cowards act. AZ needs better leaders than you.
You can swap to the Democrats snowflake
You are a useful tool for the liberal Intelligentsia and you just don't get that
Idiot why must you publicize that, the Democrats don't are you wanting to be a quote quote Maverick like John McCain who is an idiot
The problem is you are more of a critic than a supporter.  I will support who ever runs against you in the primary or general election.
And we care what you think why? You are not a Republican. You will be voted out. FYI...that is a terrible bill.
Oh please
If anyone beleives that.Ive got some ocean front property in Arizona for http://sale.You  are doing all u can to undermine Trump.
Why? It was veto-proof and he knew it, and his signing statement was designed to let Putin know he's still working for him.
He actually could've used the pocket veto.
Only if Congress adjourned within the 10-day period. Maybe McConnell told him they'd stay in session to make sure it passed.
I think they're delaying the start of their summer recess that's probably why he didn't use the pocket veto.
Times you'll agree: 93.5 % 

(voting record for Trump agenda)
And attached a whiny signing statement which I think negates any credit for doing it. He was blocked in and had no choice. Congrats!!
No ! @POTUS @VP should NEVER have permitted GOP legislative branch to breach/limit constitutional Executive Branch foreign policy authority
@POTUS is willing & able to turn this nation from progressive destruction! Instead of helping, traitor Rinos like U target HIM?!#URPathetic!
Uh, he had to? You know that, right? #FFS #UnseatFlake #TheResistance
Flake is right about birther lunacy. It was early sign of major GOP decline. Trump + other birthers have been factually and morally wrong.
Did he have a choice?
Is it really your opinion that the law does not apply if your name is Clinton?
Vote for Kelly Ward for Senate 2018!
Forced? Veto proof bill, you liar. And your book? When did you get this come to jesus moment? You voted trump 95% of the time after writing
You vote the way you want to not what the people here in AZ wants.your even worst than  http://liberal.you  never know your next move..
Why no #RoseGarden ceremony? Why no picture at all??!! 
Doesn't want to be seen as tough?! 

#maga ==> #Impeach 
#TrumpRussia #NATO #G20
MORE politician double talk.  Trump did more fundraising for the GOP than EVER and you won't support him! #LockHerUP #LockHerUP #LockHerUP
2- So why aren't you saying that was wrong & asking @SenateGOP @HouseGOP to condemn that deplorable behavior now -trump is getting worse
You are saying that @GOP didn't condemn trumps behavior during campaign but just last week WV crowd was cheering lock her up as he laughed
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10211466724038633&set=gm.334286830360930&type=3 …
WELL HOW BIG OF YOU TO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT POTUS DID SOMETHING GOOD, MAYBE YOU AND OTHERS SHOULD DO YOUR JOB AND WORK FOR AMERICANS AND POTUS
YOU "NEVER TRUMPERS" ARE USELESS TO OUR COUNTRY, TRUMP IS PRESIDENT, ACCEPT IT AND DO WHAT WE PUT YOU THERE TO DO
to late to send him back home..He needs to retire anyway. And his approval rating is worse than yours..
fake who he is. You do..And that will be your downfall next year. I look forward to seeing you gone. And John McCain being recalled. Not...
Congress and on camera all over FAKE NEWS outlets every chance you get. You are th Adam Schiff of the Republicans. Except, he doesnt...
whose side you are on! So we think its time you switch to a Democrat anyway, because you side with them almost 50% of the time in ...
all we want. We sure arent seeing his own party doing anything about her corruption in Government and in the elections. It actually shows...
in your reelection bid. I hear you are at 18% approval in your own state! And WE can all see why! By the way, we can chant "Lock her Up"...
But when it comes to the voters who elected him, you have ZERO bipartisanship getting the agenda done. I would say good luck next year...
what they wanted! Funny how when it comes to stopping this President and delegitimizing his Presidency you are all in with the Democrats...
and your RINO and Democrat friends seemed to find "bipartisan" agreement when you this was done, but NOTHING when it came to voters and...
him to sign. You took his Veto power away and put it in the hands of Congress for approval if he did!  You gave him NO choice. It was...
You are acting like YOU are the President Jeffy! "He should be commended"??? He was pushed into it by the very bill his own party pushed ...
Of give me a f'n break!  When did u & other Republican find ur    b-lls, when u were nuetered with Obama?!
Terrible bill
Trump was 'dragged kicking and screaming' to sign the Russia Sanctions bill, he had no choice, and deserves no credit.
Thank you for standing up for right, & not party. You will have a longer career. Folk loves what's right,except a narrow few. God is Please.
Your need to join the Democrat party.  Trump's agenda is great and Arizona is behind it.  You and McCain need to talk to the people of AZ
He should be commended for Nothing!!  What is wrong with you??  Indians would say you speak with forked tongue!  
Can you get your balls back from Hillary Clinton?  If not, please resign.  You're playing games and not standing up for your constituents.

93.5% voting with DJT; hardly a maverick!
He only signed to spare the embarrassment of not signing. It only took DJT a week to be dragged to the signing session in the dark of night.
Sen Flake saw your interview on MTP today and must agree that your actions fall far short of your rhetoric!
Your approval numbers are falling since you began dissing President Trump. Support our Pres.or lose your next election.  #NeverTrumper
#MAGA
Lmao you're going to lose in the primary.
Senator, the problem with commending him on this endeavor is that people believe he had to sign in due to pressure
Flake the flake
Thanks for making us be at war with Russia again.
When do you disagree?  You seem to vote his agenda. Writing a book is not the same as voting in Congress. One counts.
Stop the fake support. You are a RINO and want POTUS taken down. You aren't fooling anyone
Arizona should set out an election or two if you and McStain are the best they can muster.
You are taking up space that a real American Senator could fill. 
Resign now & help open 2 seats for the deserving. Those who want to #MAGA
If that isn't lowering the bar I don't know what is. With any normal President there would be no question if they would sing or not
LOL Flake is totally devoted to Trump & his ideals. If Flake wants to show he is against Trump he must resign & express his digust
Im ashamed you helped draft that bill.
All you RINO's forced him to - you should be impeached and your buddy McCain along with you - you are NOT representing us- you ran on a lie!
Jeff can ya swim in the swamp?
you are not a true republican.Your voters are upset that you turned against the president whom they voted for.We wish for you step down
It passed with a veto proof majority, he waited 5 days, signed it with zero fanfare, and issued a statement condemning congress. So... okay.
It's R like u that convince people that the R party is for the rich.

You and the rest of your pathetic establishment Republicans should be ashamed. I am so looking forward to vote against you in the primary.
He didn't sign it though because he wanted to and you know it
I think I can safely say Jeff Flake will not have an easy reelection, if it were today I think guess who would probably beat him hands down!
Trump has accomplished what other elected officials have failed to do, he has forced politicians to show their true colors, #Wake Up Arizona
What else could he do?  You guys threatened to over ride?  You people are doing your best to tie his hands.  You won't get my vote!!!
Stopped by to see who the RINO is that won't have that seat much longer!  Ur a traitor to We the people!
The poll also found that 62% of Arizonans disapproved of Flake's performance while only 18% approved #replaceflake2018
Jeff you can decide to be a member of the GOP or not
However you by YOURSELF cannot decide what the GOP is and who it's members are
It was the Neo-con Globalist wing of the GOP that trashed the economy and the middle class.
SHE would be president if not for Trump
Wrong......You need to look into the last time we became isolationist.
Thank you for speaking out about @realDonaldTrump and Russia.
You were elected to represent your constituents NOT represent YOUR OWN OPINION as that of your constituents.  FRAUD!
You are a hero to me Jeff flake!! Nurturing  hate, envy and arrogance with lies, lies, lies can never lead to more than fascism or communism
@JeffFlake AZ Rep. support @realDonaldTrump , NOT you!  God will turn your evil 4 @ POTUS good & HIS GLORY! Your actions R disgraceful!!!!!
You didn't really leave him a choice though did you?  Sanctions without actual proof, at least, I haven't seen EVIDENCE.
NO, you should be ashamed of making Russia an enemy.
Your so phony
While Republicans like yourself are busy sabotaging @POTUS, Schumer and his Dems are busy copying his platform. #TheStupidParty

pitiful
Threatening Trump when its his right to fire Mueller because Mueller has conflicts of interest & should never been allowed to be spec counse
Look at the real criminals hillary Clinton
Debra wasserman schultz, obama stealing money given to iran. Lynch, comey , ricez, weiner holder
You never hear a Leftist saying that about another Leftist. Support our @POTUS #RINOs will be neutered.
uh..Dude..he had no choice
BS crap...sick & tired of cons Rs rino Rs moderate Rs lying Rs pansy Rs disloyal Rs & libs, well, they're t same as selfish do-nothing Rs!
I'm an Independent and I wish more Republicans would stand up to Trump. Keep up the good work. You are doing the right thing.
Arizonians, please vote against Flake in the next primary.  I never saw this resistance when Obama was in office.  He needs to go !
You're going to lose the next election.  Have fun!
Really? So we can have WWIII? You hate for him come before our country.
yeah?  so the nwo can start world war 3?  What a piece of work you are!
I think you and your fellow traitors want a war with Russia,so Ivan blame Pres Trump!!  Why fan flames!!!!
Ur a liar ATrump Hater, u said if Trump fires Muller u will hire him as a special council to Andrea Mitchel ! Ur a Trump Hater. Resign!
Because you and your cohort McCain are pushing for war? Neither of you are republicans and the world knows it.

Also he'd had little choice. Please stop Jeff.  You are a Trump sycophant.
Your votes never disagree?!  Get a spine.
No one cares about that, no one seemed to care in Congress when Clinton gave away 1/5 of our uranium supplies.  Why was that? Hypocrisy!
I guess so even if he's against it like Rex tillerson would be
Tick-tock tick-tock tick-rock https://twitter.com/elliottrhams/status/893161695790682112 …
Oh you really went out on a limb there. #Useless.
You don't agree with Trump at all...We all know it.  You and McCain are the reasons we still believe that good republicans still exist.
He did not have any choice thanks to both parties.  It is very obvious that he would have veto the bill if he could.
No that was a big mistake. It's not even constitutional. All you did is ties his hands. You're wrong and us Americans disagree with you.
Senator Flake you have been an anti Trumper all along. we voted 4 Trump. We support his immigration bill. If u don't support us or USA fired
You don't like the guy, you should step down and let somebody else do the job you aren't doing NOW!

Sorry you don't have a weakling for a POTUS, #GOPneedsWinners not losers
When u disagree it's bc ur a traitor, bought & paid for, u r definitely part of the murky swamp, time to go. RINO, ur against the majority.
Did he have a choice?  He signed & then both Tillerson & DT hit you all with criticism & false allegations.  IMPEACH!
This bill is unconstitutional. No way he should have signed off on rights guaranteed to the President by the Constitution.
And y'all should be condemned for taking away his ability to negotiate with Russia. Shame on you for falling for the BS! Still no proof!
He should sign but again that's the low bar we set for Trump. Why would he NOT sign?  At signing, he criticized Congress, not Putin
Do you still want to commend him after he insulted congress and threw you all under the bus again?
Everyone knows that he signed it reluctantly because he was forced to. Why are you flattering and enabling this petulant toddler?
Did he really have much choice?
Warmonger
Commended is going a bit to far. He did his job and the statement accompanying the bill is concerning.
Is that the Conscience speaking? How could you steal Goldwater's title as a devoted Globalist? Bozell calls you fraud and 2018 around corner

Why? because Congress attacked the symptom and not the cause? Fix our election processes and this won't happen.
The President also attacked & insulted one of the core pillars of our government, a body that you belong to. There should be no praise here.
Respectfully sir, I disagree.  He signed b/c it passed by veto proof margin and the political optics of not signing were untenable.
Rarely agree with you but yes, signing the #RussiaSanctionsBill was a huge diplomatic mistake!
What about his tweet?  Sings it, then undermines! Are there no limits?  @SenSasse @JeffFlake @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
It's not as if he really had a choice, and even so he issued a 'signing statement' with a long list of objections.  Commend?  Really?
#POTUS should have never signed that bill! You guys rather rekindle the Cold War because you can't get over defeat.
Except he signed it behind the green door so Putin would not see.
The big picture problem is that a country cannot have a leader that compulsively lies on a daily basis. The US lacks credibility now. @POTUS
Do you commend the "how" he did it?
Thank you for standing up for morals and decency.  Courage is being afraid and doing the right thing anyway.
There are times when I'll just dislike you and times when I'll really despise you. That's Fair. Maybe U should hv poll tested use of title?

Forced to sign the bill. He called seriously flawed because it limits his power.
Do you honestly think AMERICANS take YOU seriously? YOU are Donald Trump but with a different name. You aren't fooling ANYONE, buddy.
We have so-called Americans like Mr. Flake and Trump, & we have amazing AMERICANS like @HillaryClinton! GOP is evil
Yeah... he only complained about it the whole time... how commendable...
I love that the rise of Donald Trump has made American men look like complete fools.  You support a CROOK! A LIAR! A CHEATER! YOU are awful!
Commended? He was forced.
if you are a RReagan  afficianado who suffered Alzheimers, then be wary of an even older, mercurial Trump. @MSNBC @ChrisCuomo
You should be ashamed that you were accessory to a democrat talking point that turned into a full resistance movement to impeach an RNC prez
RINO Flake
If u were a Conservative u would be going with the http://president.You  are a DC politician.I hope Arizona votes you and Mccain out in 18
You are not a rebel for bashing @POTUS Mr. Flake, everyone is doing it. W @CNN /#MSM treats you nice, shows you are simply a rhino. #MAGA
So now @POTUS @realDonaldTrump gets a participation certificate? 
He had no choice pasted on smile.
He only signed because his hand was essentially forced.  Just because it's a law doesn't mean ol' Donny thinks he needs to follow it anyway
