@Where are the town meetings with you present not you staff?
@SenJeffFlake teletown meeting showed Jeff to be lapdog for Ryan, no independent thinking, standard republican talking points
insulted caller by calling SS entitlement she plainly said I paid for this with my taxes please don't call it an entitlement.
didn't he take a pledge to leave political office after 2 terms?
While you were there, did you ask if they supported cancelling ACA, prexisting conditions, family medical leave...?
you're ducking your constituents
You should be doing this. You should also be explaining to the parents that you will be taking their healthcare away
So did you sign the letter to USDA to bring back animal abuse db? I looked, didn't see your name
Constituent
Wouldn't want to harm his son. How many dogs did he help kill, 21?
I wasn't quite going there, sins of the son and all that, but it's easy to make that connection/assumption.
Yeah, some people are bad seeds, regardless of parenting. I think he pulled many strings to get him off, though. That = bad
Sounds like those family values at work @JeffFlake
Why not meet with your constituents? We are not going to go away. We are not the enemy, we want to be heard.
we will resist!
Yet you vote to help do away with our right to clean air and water shame on you , you Trump Republican
@You represent ALL the people of AZ but continue to play "hide and seek" game. How is that fair? We will do the talking in 2018.
Did you know that Trump's hiring freeze is causing NIH delays on curing rare diseases? My nephew has Hunter Syndrome. Speak up!
How can you look her in the eye?
So, you ARE in town. When's your Town Hall, Senator?
what bathroom do they use?  No words or action means support for 45 and not future for you!
and then back legislation to take some of thier health care away from them real Christian of you
When are you next holding a public meeting in the Phoenix area?
And a chicken for Senator.  Hold a Town Hall.  Why are you hiding from your constituents? #2018
Gee to busy to meet with us. We are not going away. 2018 will be here before you know it.
I'll take a duck for a senator over you, bud
and the sequal duck a la orange.
"Duck for President" yes, a better choice, but let's deal with the mess we have now. A #townhall would be a start
Where are you?  We are ready to speak with you in Phoenix.
psst peeps, I'd take off the @ PHXChildrens when you reply. Let's inundate the hell out of the coward w/ our tweets, but not PCH.
a duck would be better than what we have. When are you going to Stan up to him like john McCain?
I wish we had a duck for president!
Donald Duck? LOL
better than the Quack we have now.
how about a town hall in Tucson ?
I hope that you also talked to their parents and the staff about the medical expenses that come with having a seriously ill kid.
How about doing a town hall meeting with your constituents? Remember, you work for us!
Duck would've been a great improvement!
Are you for real?  Your constituents want town hall meeting and you read The Duck? What is WRONG with you? 2018 
hold a town hall.  Face us, coward.  Weak willed self-serving sycophant.
..followed by a reading of "goodnight Jeff": a touching tale of how one man lost the 2018 by ignoring  constituents
And your fight to dismantle ACA. Did you read the fairy tale of Repeal and Replace?  Such hypocrisy.  SAD!
All very nice. But where were you when not supporting constituents and nation when approving Head of EPA? Gone '18
But you "duck" from your constituents. Represent all of us, stop being a Republican party patsy. #flake
wait, is duck an option? "Duck 2020: No More Quacks"
to bad you are going to make sure they don't have insurance. When is your town hall, loser?
did u tell those wonderful kids that you are taking their health insurance away from them& 20
mil others?
hold a town hall....Don't hide behind sick kids...Pathetic!
How do you look yourself in the eye and like what you see?
Great! Now when will u meet w ur constituents? Been emailing Vargas 4 weeks asking for a mtg & haven't even received a response.
Hope you followed up by reading your own book "Chicken for a Senator"
can we please trade @realDonaldTrump for the Duck?  We'd all feel much safer
That's great! Did you talk to their parents about bringing back lifetime caps and pre existing cond exclusions?
Ironic, considering the destruction #GOP plans for healthcare and the ducking you're doing with constituents
Duck would be better than the Orange.
nice choice, since an actual duck would be a huge improvement over your party's guy.
Why the photographer?
Ha, and you support defunding Medicaid for children and the poor.  How is that?  Please explain.  Walk the walk.
Very kind of you. Your constituents would like to see you as well. Move on petition for town hall over 4000
Constituents asking for town hall outside your house right now. Show yourself.
find something better to do with your time. Life's too short to be so angry all the time.
and how many Town Hall meetings are you going to miss out on cuz you can't handle the pressure from the people
Great. When will you stand up against this criminal & possibly treasonous administration? We & other reps will support you.
Hey Senator, WHERE'S OUR TOWN HALL? Stop hiding.
duck would be better than Trump
meet with us!
photo op while hiding from constituents as you plan to steal children's healthcare
Should your constituents meet you there? @IndivisibleTeam
can't you send an email or write a letter? 7 million constituents . . . angry mob is not high on the list.
"That's a pre-existing condition" said the Duck. And I as Senator say you can't be insured now! Isn't reading fun!
did you tell them Congress is trying to make them uninsurable for life for whatever they are fighting? #saveourcare
