You heard his inauguration speech. He's an isolationist. Please stand up! We need allies!
Move to Cuba.  You're out in 2018 anyway!
Quoting CNN? U NWO like McCain?... guess you both have to go. Don't you get it? TPP kills Amer labor and would die in anyway.
I'm waiting for you to stand up to him. You'll have my support if you do.
No not ever on Rex Tillerson. No to them all. No fox guarding henhouse.
No sale. Congress already killed this. Trump's EO was ceremonial. You didn't build a consensus.  Now what?
on this,  we agree! Can't look inwards for growth.
killing #TPP will make products more expensive for Americans & harms #workersrights #environment Dump trump
Cost of chinese labor almost the same as US labor cost.
Living in China until recently, I did not find this to be true at all. This is how their goods are so inexpensive
More inflated numbers.  Lots of gravy being diverted.
cannot harvest it when you're not at the table and you're only out for yourself. Have you shared your thoughts with POTUS?
- multi country deals are not the way to go.  One on one deals create a much stronger front against Globalization.
It sure has, but you do not have to agree to sell out American jobs because of it and your special interests.
No on Rex Tillison
Maybe this is a bluff and he wants to renegotiate TPP. We don't want to give China more power.
Enjoy your LAST TERM in office Senator Flake.
@BruceStJames @CNNMoney I'm thinking nations will need us @ table. We buy a ton of junk. We need to sell our own junk back.
What are you going to do to educate the cabal in the WH? PR about "saving" the occasional job &plants that were coming r a fail.
@jbarro @CNNMoney There couldn't be a better way to let China dominate Asia.
stand up to him, don't turn your back on people who saw you as courageous in Primary season
Can you spell Kelli Ward?
Jeff, have you given any thought about your successor? Because as a Republican, I aim to make sure you're not reelected.
I see this administration is sticking to their words. Not!
Maybe on day 7.
define globilization does it mean subjourning our own identity, allowing massive influx of people in to stamp theirs on ours? NO
I support Trump, and I don't support Flake, Sorry, but I think you are a phony.
China celebrating...They will leave USA in their dust while FucStick 2 negotiate 'one deal at a time!' 
Hey Jeff, @realDonaldTrump campaigned on getting us out of the TPP. HE is a politician that keeps his promises to the voters
Do us all a favor. Go running with scissors.
America First, Keep that in mind. I voted for Trump agenda.
@BruceStJames @CNNMoney When can he be declared incompetent? Or a danger to society? Or ... ??  He has no idea what he's doing!!
There's American jobs and than there's Luddites.
Are you referring to harnessing slavelabor and environmentally damaging manufacturing!? Manufacturing matter of national security
Please comment on #communist #china use of #slave #labor!? What exactly do Americans need to trade with communists?
@jbarro @CNNMoney Jeff, Re your "Globalization" is here comment:Its the smartest thing I have heard from a CongressMAN lately.
@jbarro @CNNMoney China will replace US as trade partner in new multilateral agreement. Sad!
so, Senator, when are you going to stand up to Trump? Your nation needs you!
@jbarro @CNNMoney TPP had too many things that amount to loss of sovereignty and due process
Killing #TPP, Giving opportunity 2 #China's an odd complaint from  @JeffFlake, after having given #OakFlats 2 a Chinese affiliate.
I watch AUS show QandA. After elec/Trump and no TPP, they said no longer 51st state. They wld turn to China and move ahead.
@jbarro @CNNMoney Completely agree.  Free trade is good for the USA.   Crawling into a shell will only harm our economy.
@kausmickey please find a primary opponent for him in 2018! #thanksarizona
I'm a globalist Democrat. Those who think protectionism will bring jobs back are delusional. Call Trump on this!
We live in Globalist economy & Trump is a frickin' Dinosaur!  #FNC @CNN @Reince @SpeakerRyan @SeanHannity @marcorubio
the transformation of manufacturing has also occurred, and #Trump needs that reality check on promises that won't be kept
Remember to defend the Constitution. Trump obviously knows not much about it.
shooting from the hips is never clever but I forgot: the new administration lives in the other reality.
America first. Once again on the wrong side. I am not a world citizen.
I understand Mark but it's going to happen with or without us. It will hurt US economy and employees
That may be the #facts but our newly non-popular vote elected Prez @realDonaldTrump believes in #alternativefacts
With the orange  at the helm we'll be left way behind.
& I thought Hillary lined her pantsuit with Chinese money
It's better if U.S. helps write the rules of the TPP rather than have to live with them later
thank you for being a voice of reason.
and it is going to continue with or without us. Thank you for realizing this.
@jmartNYT @CNNMoney stand up for basic logic
@jmartNYT @CNNMoney I considered you one of the normal ones. Don't cave
Where exactly do you stand?  Were you for TPP or against it?
@JeffFlake @GOP Will not contain or control Trump. You all have created a horrible situation. The ineptitude it this administration on view
tsunami of regulations & lower taxes!!
US & humanity as a whole. The best thing Trump can do for them is to turn back the Obama
Thank you for standing up to Trump. Please give his cabinet appointees a strong vetting. Thank you!
The forces of global economic globalization & accelerating technology are unstopable & benefit the
or better yet work together to destroy it .
destroy globalization?
