Don't you even care what it would do to people? To your constituents?
Mr Flake, how much are you getting paid by Koch Bros to pass #GrahamCassidy? You have to be getting a payout; no one could support on merit.
No State Wins Under Cassidy-Graham, Despite Its Funding Redistribution
The Graham–Cassidy Plan — The Most Harmful ACA-Repeal Bill Yet —
Obamacare is red states subsidizing blue states. The proposal is an even win for everyone.
...except for those who are sick and poor...They will be the losers, and they don't care what color your bill is.
Obamacare takes red state tax dollars and gives it to blue states who blow it endlessly on governmental bureaucracy.
The uninsured rate was higher in AZ before Obamacare and you want to return to that?! WTF is wrong with you?
Why are you not coming up with a better solution, rather than following the sheep? Baaaaaaaaa
Maybe we shouldn’t allow the government to act as a third-party to profit off American Citizens. Or there‘s that @BernieSanders 1% bullshit.
#Bad4AZ
That just shows that you prefer waste time instead of governing, pass something better than ACA. No one would object, Gr/Cas= horrible mess
And I thought you had at least an ounce of integrity, but nope not even that!
Gee and somebody told me that of the current republicans you weren't that bad... 

MAN OH MAN aren't they wrong..

LISTEN TO John McCain!
True colors
Horrible if this goes through
You've voted against 30+ times.  I've lost count of efforts.  Lets just initially REPEAL.  Replace later!  Thanks.
LMFAO!!!  It will not pass
During that time you all couldn't come up with something to replace it? We are onto you GOPers,  no sincerity in your game it's all 4 show.

You should be flipping burgers right now, in fact that's an insult to our dedicated fast food workers because they're better than you #flake
So... what does it do better?
No, it doesn't. You could work on a bipartisan fix, if you truly valued your constituents' lives.
Piece of shit!!!
No it doesn't, it's not a replacement!
A bill that every medical association including the AMA is against is the best shot? You're playing with people's lives & that's not okay.
I hate to break it to you, but people are smarter than this.  At least I thought they were until Trump got elected.
The Bully got to you.  Reelection more important than the people.  Be sure to smile big when the Jackass shakes your hand.  Sellout
This is the worst bill they have presented. We, the voters of Arizona, will not forget if you help pass this bill that will kill people.
You got 1.7 thousand replies but only 332 likes on this. I hope this will help you understand what your constituents really want from you.
Listen, I thought you were a conservative! No CBO ! This is away for tax cuts for your donors!
You and mccain had your chance and blew it.  Voters will remember
Well, Flake, if that's the case, it's time 4 u to find another job --something useful this time, that won't cost the country so much.
ARIZONA does NOT support this bill. YOU sir are supposed to be OUR voice! WE #VoteNOGrahamCassidy which means YOU should also #duh
Sad to see a decent human being degrade into a complete sell out and moral coward. Your book is an utter farce. You deserve to be removed
oh my God and here I thought you were a good lay
Tell your buddy John McCain to get on board then. Why is he constantly railroading Repubs when he campaigned to repeal it?
Because it's a shitty bill and will kill people.
So paying outrageous premiums for less care isn't? Juggling between paying bills and healthcare wasn't an issue 10 years ago.
So, it's okay that children, the elderly and disabled die so you can save couple bucks? We have lost our humanity.
Big picture: Toothpaste is out of the tube. O-Care destroyed health insurance. Regardless of what Dem/Rep does, it will always be f'd.
ACA is not perfect. It can be fixed. Both sides should work together. Not try to shove some POS bill through that is going to hurt millions.
Ducey was the CEO of an ice cream parlor chain. What brilliant idea does he have for healthcare where all he needs is a block grant!
it's time you support President Trump. I'm voting for dr ward.
Your constituents here in AZ don't want this bill. Who exactly do you think you work for, Senator?
@JeffFlake no one wants #TheBillThatKills #GrahamCassidy #Resist #TheResistance #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
He works for the Koch Brothers, not us in Arizona
Wishing ur health the best Rachael!
Flake is a #flake. Congress spends more time on break than actually working, and when they work they half ass it. Why are we paying them?
"Repeal and Replace"--why? Purely b/c of PRIDE and EGO, to appease big money donors, to save face. NOT for good of people of AZ.  Shame!
You are just awful awful awful. You do not represent in your constituency. Can't wait to vote you out in 2018
No matter who it hurts, as it benefits you.
Do you not care how many people will die because of this?
No it HAS to be improved #RegularOrder
Seriously @JeffFlake, why would you vote to take healthcare away from sick, elderly, and children? Do the right thing Sir. Vote No.
It's really bad, actually. Have you read it? Wait for CBO. Stop putting donors before Arizona @JeffFlake
Best shot is not good enough - and just voting for it because you're against ACA is a stupid reason to support.
A Noble country takes care of its people when they are the most vulnerable!!! Period!  Medicare for all!!!  Shame on You!!  Stop this bill.
Come Clean. People's Lives are on the Line. #NoGrahamCassidy It is Not Health Insurance. AZ "Access" Will Lose Federal Funding.
Shame on you senator more people without insurance if this passes.  The deaths will be on your head.
This is bad for AZ. All our healthcare experts have told you so. Do the right thing, vote no!
Sure, pass a bill "just because we said we would"...you people are absolutely out of touch with your constituents. Say good bye to my vote
Repeal Obamacare only when you have a plan that protects people with pre-existing conditions, elderly, & those with limited access to care.
Noooooooooo
It is a death sentence for many people &will cost your #AZ billions of dollars.U have a responsibility to us to vote against #GrahamCassidy
You are pro-death. Shame. Try to grow some morals before you vote.
It won't pass & you know it, you seem real busy doing everything except what we want! A wall, No to DACA, Repeal Ocare, cut government 
You should join @SenJohnMcCain & vote NO #CassidyGraham help return Senate to regular order! #Arizona Moderate #Democrat
As long as healthcare remains a market commodity in the USA, we will continue to watch your circle-jerk. You're heavily invested in it, no?
It's a horrible bill that does nothing to help with Affordable insurance.
Do you care that orgs representing doctors, patients, insurance co's, hospitals, vets, etc are ALL against G-C? It's NOT health care
It is not good for the people of Arizona.  We need a good bipartisan compromise on this.  I urge you to follow John McCain.
@SenCapito My fam needs quality/affordable healthcare. 2 sibs w/cancer & 92 old mom. Please no repeal-only bipartisan efforts to improve ACA
......Never mind all the people in AZ that will lose their healthcare !  Bad!!!!
This bill hasn’t been vetted or given a rating as to cost. Why would you vote for something you don’t know the cost of?
You're better than that.  Many people will go under due to pre-existing health issues.
If you do this, #arizona will #repealandreplaceFlake
Then why are you hiding? Something this important needs to be debated! #Coward
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-22/at-least-21-million-lose-coverage-in-gop-bill-think-tank-says?utm_campaign=KHN%3A%20Daily%20Health%20Policy%20Report&utm_source=hs_email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=56672505&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-_ObTKZLipSXjAmPQFYBN38TpNvd92b1pH1UQzklZy5bi5uPpJFsq6CKBRMw7ko1YBWfJUccz8g2jz7pjjSCoPC_SjyPw&_hsmi=56672505 …   At Least 21 Million Would Lose Coverage in GOP Bill, Brookings Says.  Nothing pro-life about it. Why vote for it?
http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/09/24/552891450/biggest-flash-points-in-the-graham-cassidy-health-care-bill?utm_campaign=KHN%3A%20Daily%20Health%20Policy%20Report&utm_source=hs_email&utm_medium=email&utm_content=56672505&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-9kTlVkt7gFzJQdx1skb3SwBWMJ99XZaun47rHNVzm8APjuC7oIoU9WFfPr8LrWQNIDrpGDM2MUfauB4bX8bJsya40s9A&_hsmi=56672505 …   Biggest flash points in Graham-Cassidy bill. There is NOTHING pro-life  about it.  vote NO!
Huh? Might be best shot, but bill has all the flaws the first two avoided. This one: states can charge for pre-existing conditions, etc.
On the contrary. Graham-Cassidy will harm -- & possibly kill -- many. There is NOTHING pro-life about it. PLEASE vote against it.
Fix the ACA.  Do not vote for this travisty just because it is an alternative.  It will hurt our state and our people.
Instead of just trying to repeal and replace,  how about just trying to figure out how to make America healthy. This bill does not.
Just because you are afraid of a primary doesn't mean Americans should have to lose their health care #getaspine
When this is voted for and it hurts people the blame will be Senate's not governors  best shot is not just best see the difference vote no
If this is the best option the GOP can offer after 7 years of complaining about Obamacare, then this is a colossal failure of leadership.
Fix Obamacare. States cannot individually come up with sound plans in a short time. People's lives are at stake here.
Wrong.
Don't expect to change your mind, but you know you're wrong. When are YOU up for a vote?
Your statement is a lie, and you have to know it. You actually have the chance to step up and be a leader, and you're throwing it away.
Finally you support the Republican Party. It's about time.
The RINO has finally taken a stand to keep his word, ultimately repealing & replacing the disaster known as Obamacare. @SenJohnMcCain recall
Are you kidding? Do you have no heart? Try focusing your energy on bipartisan fixes to the many issues that plague the ACA
graham Cassidy is the rinos answer to preserving aca
Unless of course you don't want to #repeal #healthcare for millions of people #uninsured #pre-existing  conditions
...and it eliminates so many preventative procedures for good health and would put the sick into pools where they could not afford care..sad
You are so wrong on this Jeff...and I was just starting to believe you were a reasonable Senator...it takes away preexisting condition care.
No don't do it
You can't possibly believe this is a good bill, or are you that out of touch? YOU need to be replaced.
@JeffFlake Honestly? U want thousands of AZers wo healthcare, rising healthcare costs, and every healthcare provider against this fake bill
Evil man...Koch Bros has you on take.  Things rest of us don't matter. No to #TRUMPCARE
Is math hard for you? Do you need someone to explain how much 14% is?
Obamacare, should have never been passed! Now after hurting our Country, an Businesses, and family's Medical Plans. Repeal it, don't replace
Aren’t you proud of yourself ?!
flake doesn't care, republicans don't care, they only care about their own selfish political ambitions.  flake is afraid !
Or, learn that Obamacare is better and work to improve it.
We have got to defeat YOU in 18.
Hopefully it will be your last time
And the sleazy horse you rode in on
Working with MCCain behind the scenes for more keeps kickbacks. You are a traitor
Telling that you've said what you've voted against while failing to work on something to be for. Looking forward to a bluer AZ.
Geezus. Who, or what do you care about? Chalking one up in the win column? Pleasing your obscenely rich masters? Not your constituents, obv.
AZ does not win under this bill.  No one wins ... VOTE NO
@JeffFlake ACA needs a revision. This bill is not the answer. No protection for folks w/pre-existing conditions from being charged more $.
just #repeal
Please do not vote for this.  It is not what you think.  Ducey will
Put exclusions in for pre existing conditions.  People will die.
Put the health and well-being of your constituents first. Vote no on the cruel and heartless Graham-Cassidy bill or you will be replaced!
No voting for something you know is bad is a betrayal of principals as outlined in your book you can work withothers to improve the ACA
Sorry @JeffFlake but your wrong! But I believe in my heart your gonna kick Kelli Wards A$$!!!
I can't wait until all my friends and I get together and vote you out #changeinAZ coming soon
Flake got $702,032 from the health industry -:- 20-30 Million kicked off coverage = 23 - 35 cents per person... ea person's value to Flake!
Arizona needs and deserves a real senator with a Backbone. Flake the wimp!
what happened over the weekend? all of washington has gone mad with stupid tweets along with stupid statements of insanity.
So sorry to hear this, former senator flake.
That said, it's up to each of us to unearth the truth.
People really are misinformed.  I blame the media for that sad fact--it's their first responsibility.
I wish you would/could get McCain on board. I don't blame him for wanting to get even, but he's hurting us all.
Good for you! Now take the laws off of US and regulate ins co. No pre-existing! Give us the same ins all you have! Vets not go  mayo clinic
Fix vets so they all have the same insurance that mcCain has! Both are about ins this bill and vet admn mess!
Stop trying to erase Obama. Come up with a better plan than the ACA and everyone will support you. You offer less coverage for fewer people.
No it is not. Vote NO. $19 billion in costs for AZ. Listen to your constituents. Vote NO.
Check it out @JeffFlake! THIS is how #GrahamCassidy affects the people of Arizona: coverage loss, economic losses, premium increases!! SMH!
NO, NO, NO.  Please do NOT vote for #GrahamCassidyBill its toxic.  How can you vote for something that so many orgs. have come out against?

Check your moral compass, please. Vote no.
Do you think Americans deserve bipartisan legislation executed via regular order that doesn't have the objection of every major medical org?
#RepealAndReplace also applies to brain dead Senators who wouldn't know a rattlesnake if it was hanging from their @ss.
Plz explain in $#'s why we have to replace instead of repair ACA?Its ONE SIXTH of our country's budget,&why should healthcare be for profit?
so your book's "taking the gop to task" message was just for....!? you can't have it both ways, senator flake, please have a heart. vote no.
Are you ashamed of yourself? You should be.
Why?  Because it was a campaign promise?  Real people will be hurt catastrophically with bill!  My admiration for your integrity is gone
THEN GET MCCAIN TO RETIRE - the cancer is affecting his judgement.
Senator: Your colleague has serious damage to the brain area responsible for judgement and executive function...call for an examination, NOW
Pathetic. Just when it seemed like you might be growing a spine. #shame
But you failed to say it is an improvement on Ocare, and it is NOT an improvement, bad as Ocare is!
If lower taxes gets economy going why repeal ACA in order to be able to afford those tax cuts? GOP choosing donors over public is criminal
So you've been wrong 30+ times and your record isn't getting better. We need a bipartisan solution to our issues. #GrahamCassidy is BAD!
Do you wonder why you are targeted so heavily by Dems for your Senate seat? Not becoz you are principled, sir.
What was Einstein's definition of insanity again? 30+ times repeating same folly getting same result?
You stand against him to further your agenda but when it comes to protecting the people or Arizona you fail miserably
You're putting your donors before America. Be a patriot. Vote No on #GrahamCasiddy
Wow, America is SHOCKED you continue to betray your country and constituents. Start polishing up that resume, Jeffy.
Please convince McCain, Murkowski, Rand Paul & Collins. If this doesn't pass, the GOP will lose power to the Democrats & NEVER have chance
Now if u can get the brain dead McCain on board all will b well?
As millions face a health crisis after hurricanes, now is not the time   to cut healthcare programs. Please vote "NO" on  #GrahamCassidy
Your brain is warped. Pack your bags and return to Az. Your senate career is over.
I am an Arizonan and I strongly disagree with this vote of yours! You don't have Arizonans best interest at hand.
No, it will hurt Americans. Less corporate welfare and you'll find the money. Same healthcare Congress gets or go home.

WHY CAN’T YOU MAKE JOHN McCAIN UNDERDTAND THIS!
You are still full of B.S. Flake!! Thus bill is the worst one ever!!
You are just worried about losing #koch money.  Too bad you will screw people over for that
Then get @SenJohnMcCain  off his high horse and think of everyone else besides his own selfish ass.
You are a sellout
It's a bad bill and you know it. Your empty talk of bipartisanship rings especially hollow now.
Hope you're ready to explain,in detail, how AZ will overcome the loss of Medicaid funding and why you voted for unscored bill, w/o debate
Wrong Jeff!
#Murderer @JeffFlake is in #BigPharmaPocket selling out Children, elderly, and poor ty o give a huge tax cut 4 Millionaires #VoteFlakeOut
Please vote against Graham-Cassidy.  It lets states reduce health care + charge higher premiums to the sickest, most vulnerable Americans.
Gosh, not going along with @SenJohnMcCain? Wonder why 
Thank you!!!
trump isnt your master and money is not your god.. man up !! vote no
No. It's not the solution.
If this is the best shot, you people really suck at this...
#yourlastterm
...or you could realize that if you try to do something 30+ times and it doesn't work, maybe it's a bad idea?
Please talk sense into loser McCain!
I live in AZ, 64 yrs old & on Obamacare When I quit work at 62 on COBRA, 18 months at $890 each. I now pay $265 for Blue Cross/Blue Shield.
I will make sure that neither I nor anyone I know votes for you ever again.
Just when we thought you had a spine, some integrity, for standing up to Trump, you cave to the Kochs, put party before country. Shameful.
No its not the best chance check yourself.
Wrong on so many levels. Narrow thinking Senator.
Yeah it's fine to pass it as long as it doesn't affect your health care
No. It does not. For something to pass it needs to be bipartisan
Why? So you're basically saying "something, anything has to get passed just because it's not obamacare." Come on man.
Why do u want to pass this & then tweak & fix it when you admit its bad why not work on ACA It seems like only because it's Obamas u hate it
Or what? Your donors will be angry?
Senator, why not just take good advice from @SenJohnMcCain and find a compromise that benefits everyone? Oh yeah, it's that tax bill benefit
So, just convince your buddy John.  He can work on a better version later
It will NOT PASS, it does not serve the majority of Americans or the states.
 You cannot discount women, children, Seniors and Veterans
Please don't vote so thousands of Arizonans lose healthcare esp.those with pre-existing conditions. These incl. my family
It will NOT
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/22/us/politics/republican-donors-obamacare-repeal.html?partner=rss&emc=rss&smid=tw-nytpolitics&smtyp=cur&_r=0 …
No matter how this bill will hurt citizens @GOP is in it for the money.
Jeff, talk to your friend John McCain. You are right. Needs to pass.
Your reasonable rhetoric mean nothing when you support garbage like this. Bad for the poor, sick, vets, Arizonans, and the county. Pathetic.
Senator, We twitted many topics over the years. Having read HR 1628, I cannot agree more with you. Once passed it can be revisited, adjusted
Why repeal? How about a real solution instead? If you're not up to it, then quit and let someone else do it.
Why take away millions of peoples  health care?  To make a political point?
Why is this about repeal and replace??? It should be about how to get healthcare to the people. Repair not replace.
It's your last chance for extreme partisanship but It's not your last chance. Now do the right thing for everybody. No #GCHJ
25 puts down to Kelli Ward.  You’re credibility w/ voters is suspect.  Can voters trust you? @rushlimbaugh @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Please No....the states will mess things up with the loopholes
