@LindseyGrahamSC You guys should probly stop LOL-ing/downplaying/shrugging off your prez's insane outbursts.
No more. It's time to impeach. @GOP can impeach now or be white supremacy party. That's it. Game over. Enough.
Martha Stewart would approve of this photo op
Enjoy it while you can because you're OUT. Wait for it loser
@LindseyGrahamSC In addition to undignified, beneath the office, beneath the country, beneath the people, etc., it shows he is not

Jeff Flake is no Conservative, he is a RINO. Huge crowd there Jeffy!
You won't have to worry after next election because you WILL BE OUT
I wonder if those are one of the 12% who approve of u. Probably not, likely just being polite.
Why meeting constituents? You don't listen to us or do what's best for us.
It's called campaigning, or pulling the wool over their eyes!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC remotely aware of the solemnity of the job, the concept of repping the US at home and abroad, leadership, etc, etc.
Jeff The Snake is in re election mode 

He has no interest in his constituents until he heard his approval was at 18%
Flake the snake will NOT get our vote just like McCain
They don't care.  You are not going to win ever again.  You chose the wrong side of neo-conism
Wait until they get TRUE news you won't have to see ANYONE!!!
I like the way everybody else is looking away. "Excuse me waitress....could you make him go away?"
Considering supporting you in primary. Please take nukes away from Trump so we live long enough. Asking for a friend. Many friends. #guam
Time to elect @kelliwardaz 
She will make us in Arizona proud!
HEY AZ!! Stop sending Flake and Fake!!!! Get on board #MAGA!!!
@LindseyGrahamSC This crap is not a silly ha-ha eyeroll thing. It's dangerous, it's embarrassing, it's divisive. HE MUST GO.

Hey that not an illegal immigrant, the people you chose to represent are illegal immigrants.  I hope you get voted out.
Hey, have u decided if you are challenging @realDonaldTrump in a 2020 Primary?
He would lose his ass
@POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain Sens. irrational judgemnets  backing irrational descruction of history that represents the Good & Bad
Jeff Flake is no Conservative, he is a RINO.
FLAKE VOTED FOR HILLARY
I hope they vote @kelliwardaz
oh sure mr phony baloney the great state of #Arizona can see right through you...
You ran away from Prescott citizens who wanted to speak to you yesterday. You continue to be a coward regarding your very own constituents!!
But once in office you turn your back on your constituents and cross the isle with the progressives. Stop pretending switch parties RINO
Flake, Repubs have "lost their way"?  No, quite the opposite. YOU have ..murky for you in the swamp. Go to a Trump rally ..see the way. MAGA
Constituents that u have failed. UR a typical big gov. RINO. This ur chance AZ to get rid of this guy. Support his primary challanger
I can't wait to vote you out of office. The days of establishment RINOs are over.
Sen. Flake would serve his constituents much better if he was less focused on his book..Press Sec. Sarah Sanders, hey Flake #gfy
We will do everything we can to oust you. #MAGA

#wakeupArizona
Gearing up for 2018 #MAGA #AmericaFirst #Ward4US http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/346149-exclusive-trump-allies-rally-around-sen-flakes-primary-challenger …
Why not do something to help Trump help us all... instead of opposing good conservative values?
Such a phony!!
Flake of 
 more like lady at table asking for you to be removed and old timer pointing at u asking your leaving the senate right  your done 
COME to Tucson~ HAVE A TOWN HALL! SHOW SOME GUTS! FACE YOUR CONSTITUENTS!
Tucson on the radar?
18% approval rating
We will get it right this time and vote .@kelliwardaz
Love that sign.
F for failure, Fake and w Flake
Flake the Snake
Hopefully that man is asking you why you haven't switched to the democratic party already. You don't represent conservative values.
He is a conservative.
@JeffFlake is that you showing us your record from 10 years ago when you acted like a conservative.
He's a flip-flopper only out for the enrichment of Jeff Flake
Could you, please, focus on the crisis we are in right now!  What are you doing to stop DJT from taking us to war!
Come on up to Flagstaff, Senator! We'd love to discuss out concerns with you. Not to mention you can learn from our forest mgmt #2018 ?
Well well Mc Cain clone. Suggests that the song from former supporters will So Long its been good to know you because now we want you gone
Missed you @JeffFlake. Next time, I'd love to meet you.
Because you need to run
Out there lying to all the rich money ppl.
I can't believe these poor elderly people were subjected to your hypocrisy! Are they your parents? I can't imagine anyone but mom and dad!
Shame on you for running! You need to drop from the race now if you want to save face! We can MAGA without you!
Can and will!
You and your buddy Ben Sasse are political hacks. Like Hillary, not all the money in the world is going to buy you this election!
#FlaketheSnake
You and your buddy Ben Sasse are political hacks! You will not be re-elected! We love President Trump!
#FlaketheSnake
You are an open borders Globalist! You have sold out your country for the last time! The AMERICAN people are taking back our country!
You will never be re-elected! Time to flush the toilet! Begone swamp dweller!
Boy, even the lunatic #maga people don't like you
I miss Zeke's
There you go....met with BOTH of Your Supporters. 
Prescott is Conservative.....You Ain't 
Wow someone actually found you. Hypocrite!?
Why aren’t you at work in Washington doing your job lazy ass

Is that a hello or goodby
You have constituents in blue Flagstaff too, Jeff. And we'd like to have a few words with you. But I'm guessing you already know that. 2018.
#FlaketheSnake
TRAITOR !
need more dems vote the FLAKE out
Repeal obamacare now
they look enthralled. time to make you a retiree as well!
Did u tell 'em  2support Trump like u did 4GOP voters 3 wks b4 the election at McD's? You were wrong then, you're wrong 4 AZ now #FakeFlake
Photographic evidence of Jeff Flakes farewell tour 
If u read the comments under his pandering posts u can see how true ur take is #FakeFlake us done
#KickFlakeOut - he is a liberal; did not vote for #Trump, SUPPORTS Phx Sanctuary City & lies about being a conservative. @kelliwardaz 2018
So @JeffFlake goes to Prescott- beautiful place.  WHERE ARE HIS TOWN HALL MEETINGS?  NO WHERE! @kelliwardaz
You mean constituent dam your people
Love you . If TRUMP were there the line
Would be around the building
TRUMP TRAIN Xpress Choo choo choo
How about flagstaff @twwnaz
A Trump disciple liked your tweet. That has to be a first 

Just do it.  Jump from that sinking ship called the GOP.
Hold another town hall and explain why you voted yes to repeal the ACA.
The Dems should explain , why for 8 years they have let the ACA, crumble
That's the state governors who let fail on purpose
Do something about your crazy president, He is totally whacked in the head
So your version of meeting with constituents is to just find people while they're out eating dinner? Town hall might be more productive.
Go back to Washington!! Shame on you, you have lied for the last time Jeff.
