Awww what a nice photo op! 
Mind making time for your constituents? Ever?
We're looking forward to having a talk with our elected official someday 
Maybe you could make the news for meeting with Arizona residents next time 
Why is Putin the only person in the world that Trump has never criticized?
#dworkinreport #trumpleaks #theresistance #trumprussia
Tourism award? Your vote against environment (Pruitt) will hurt AZ tourism. Show up at a townhall & give us answers!
With the lack of time you seem to have for constituents a tourism award is not a big surprise.  Or accomplishment.
Maybe because you're a tourist. #replaceflake2018
Donald Trump continues his tyrannical abuse of power against the Press. When will YOU have enough of this parody?
We don't exactly have a great reputation.
So how does supporting Pruitt support Tourism, given that our state's tourism is largely based on natural resources?
maybe they will give you a job once we vote you out. #FlakeOut2018
Didn't you have a Town Hall that you were supposed to be attending? #NO Flake 2018
Enjoy! probably the last award as tourism takes a dump since no one wants to come to usa thanks to raids and bans
@AZAgainstTrump @JeffFlake @AZLTAnews and our legislature is infamous for offensive, unconstitutional laws, so fewer tourists here
That's nice.  Did you talk to your constituents waiting outside?
Big mistake! The honoree should not be the one who confirmed Pruitt and endangers our Natl Parks!
You do realize tourism has already taken a hit because Trump and Bannon are at war with the world, right?  Wake up.
you know what is fun?  DOING YOUR JOB. Meet with your constituents
Hi, when you are done could you get around to scheduling some town halls? You have time for your constituents right?
That will be the Last time you get Chosen for ANYTHING. TRAITOR Stop posting things unless its town halls.
So now that you've gotten your awards and applause, you are going to hold a town hall right?
Congrats, Sir!  Can you let me know when your next appearance before your constituents will be?  I promise not to yell
Jeff flakes on his constituents to dine with lobbyists. Sad!
Too bad there will be nothing left for tourists to see when you are done drilling in the Parks. #Idiots
Missed you at the Town Hall meeting last night!
Speaking of news, pls comment on NY Times, CNN, politico, all banned from Spicer's press conference?
paid off again I see
care to take a tour of AZ and do some town halls? we have some things to say/ask.
Amazing. His week off: "Jeff: A Celebration of Self" AZ doesn't like cowards. Raise all $ you want. 18=out
thx for ruining public education. We rank 47th and 50th in salary.
I hope you do more work than be in front of a camera.
I stand with planned parenthood!@plannedparenthood
In 2 years I will bust my ass so you will not be my senator. You have failed the students and the women of this State.
Still haven't gotten a figure of how much it costs to get some face 2 face time.Lots of photo ops though #doyourjob #FlakeOut2018
Are you proud of yourself? If you are you need to do something to deserve that feeling. You're failing! We're watching
@SenJohnMcCain You have time to do this but none for town halls?
Senator...  Whatta FLAKE  !
Coward  ! Weasel  ! Snake ! Slither back to DC and ruin our lives from a place where you can't be touched.
Ignoring Constituents won't get U into highest level of your Mormon Heaven, probably won't even get U in the Choir !!
the People deserve their voices to be heard. If you are unable to represent all of AZ, then time for someone who can.
Really? This is how you spent your evening? You should be spending time with your constituents!
When is the Phoenix town hall?
give that award back you are no one's heroine
you had an awful lot of security there, are you afraid of your angry constituency? Shame on you, time for a new job
we were all standing outside waiting to speak with you Senator, you are a weasel
did you happen to see all of us protesting outside of the resort?
When's your town hall? DO YOUR JOB!!!!!!
That looks much more important than meeting with your constituents at a #TownHall
#TownHall we're ready when you are.
looking for that town hall date
#notmysenator

Maybe @kelliwardaz could start holding town halls on behalf of @JeffFlake?!?
Lots of great photos, Senator. You look great!  Can you do some real town halls now??
Senator when is your next town hall?
Hey Senator... Glad to see you are doing well!... NOW DO YOUR JOB & MEET WITH YOUR CONSTITUENTS! SCHEDULE A TOWN HALL!
Hey FLAKE! U owe ur all of your constituents TOWN HALLS! UR avoidance can cause problems 4 AZ tourism! Meet w/the ppl
see you have time to accept an award but no time for your constituents. You seem to have forgotten you work for us.
instead of speaking with constituents, this is where you were. What are you giving them in return for the award?
maybe if we tell him he won an award he'll show up...surprise town hall!
finding it hard to believe anyone would choose you for anything, we're not going to in 2018
Sir, when will you DG O YOUR JOB & talk with your constituents in Tucson, AZ?
how about you focus on yr voters demands and quit with yr stupid awards
Your gloating avoidance of the #issues we all face is an embarassment. #resignflake
how does your Scott Pruit vote feel?
Na Na Na Na, Na Na Na Na Na, Hey Hey Hey, Good bye! #flake #TownHall
Hold a town hall
Give me a break one term Flake NoTown Halls
Is this what you were doing instead of showing up at the Prescott Town Hall tonight?
ahhh so you're at the Westin. Stay right there. Hope there's enough space for all of us!
A unity town hall would be good follow up to your unity dinner.
