Flake, Why are you hiding? You need to sked a town hall. Stop being a coward. You work for us!!!  
Your done....last term...hope it bites you in the pack side!
Your email stated that you'd be meeting w/local stakeholders & constituents this week but doesn't have date/time/place. Hmm?
@CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer Bill  Breakup 9th Circuit.Form of retaliation for inhumane,uncivilized EO Ban?
ask your fellow Republicans in Ways & Means why they voted NO to release Trumps Taxes. MORAL not LEGAL??
gerrymandering the judiciary...#socalledsenator #Flakeout2018
disagree with your rationale
Don't wait for a Benbrook, different last name. Women do that now. We also become Drs. I liked the "Dr./Mrs.", but not "Dr./Mr." on his site
we are AGAINST u doing this! U just want a appellate court that Trump can stack with ALL Repub. NOT JUSTICE
gerrymandering the circuit courts? You're a  genuinely dishonest, cowardly, and rotten person.
dollars to donuts 90% of the pissed off trolls didn't vote for Sen. Flake. Smh. Elections have consequences
This court is referred as the 9th Circus for a reason. Activist from the bench. Resign and run for office!
Over my dead body!  Your on the wrong track buddy!  Get with the program or be prepared to find a new job.
Oh, STOP with this ridiculous stance. 9th Circuit is fine as is. You obstructed judicial appointments.
@12News  YES!! The 9th Circuit Court is too large & does NOT represent their judicial territory!!
Extending gerrymandering to the fed circuit courts is a bad move. You both will find out in 2018.
@SenJohnMcCain You want to break up #9thCircuit to further your crooked agenda. We're on to you people!
Thank you for the form letter from your office.
Expect a replay where I will try to explain the 3 branches of Government. Crayons
You were fine leaving a supreme court seat vacant. It would be fine if you vacated yours.
Now that Trump is Potus you've apparently gone in hiding. Grow a pair and denounce what he's doing.
#Countryoverparty
Yes; get AZ out of the 9th circuit
and do you think giving cases to judges you control will help keep unconstitutional stuff off the trash heap? Scam!
the question is if the 9th was always spitting out conservative decisions would you still look to split?  Course not!
You work for all the people not just a few misguided rich donators!.
You keep tweeting--but so you read the comments? You are oblivious to constituents' needs. 2018 
shameful attempt to create a right wing district so you can push through your hateful agenda. #notmysenator #VOTE2018

"The Who"    "new boss same as the old boss"
So they ruled against your man and now you want to break them up? I see.
this has been coming before the ruling. I have the emails to prove it.
#townhallcoward
courts should NOT be partisan1  Things are working as they should with checks and balances!
NO! We do NOT need a Trump-influenced court. Everything about the Republican White House is a disaster.
Im making a case for a senator refusing to meet with constituents to move put of the senate. Its better.
Just like our Governor did, this is an attempt to politicize the court system in favor of conservatism. #SaveTheCourts
Get your facts straight.  #9thCircuit is not oft overturned. Quit your #alternativefacts
Thank you, Senator, a long time coming!
speedy is just a code word. Judge didn't rule your way to boot him/her. It could back fire.
Senator, AZ needed you to protect children's #education & clean air & water. This is where your focus is?!
are you originally from Snowflake, AZ?
Lies!
85044 zip here. When are you holding your Tucson & Phx. town halls? We can just show up at your office if you'd like.
Why? Not your way? Will you break up Republican districts to be 'fair'. Focus on Independent Investigation, Revise ACA
Calling someone overworked is weird considering that you're not working at all. @highmountainli2
AZ resident here. I've no desire to pay you and @dougducey to move forward with what other residents and I don't want. LISTEN.
BOO! This a terrible, selfish plan and if you carry it out, you WILL NOT be reelected!
A quick look shows 19 vacancies in the 9th.- just WHAT has the Senate been doing. There are 118 vacancies at Fed level
pathetic over and over and over
Flake, why don't you leave 9th circuit alone & focus on education & jobs for Az? When is ur Town Hall meeting in PHX?
Hold a town hall.  Why are you hiding from us?
Hey Flake Sure hope U R reading all responses 2 ur post bc most dont agree w/U. Where r Town Hall meetings?
Only because you don't like their rulings. Another reason to vote you 2 out of office.
And how is breaking up the 9th going to change rate of reversals?  They will still be the same judges.
You think the backlogged caseload has anything to do with Rs refusing to approve fed judges for 8 years?
Your bill to break up the 9th circuit court is at a bad time. No matter your reasons, it looks partisan.
You left out the part about wanting a more conservative court that would let your crazy racist laws stand
Hooray Do it!!!
Who is paying you to go after the 9th circuit? Leave them alone. AZ taxpayer, one of your bosses, here.
Jan 3 2019
have few town halls and find out what the people want...Stop the party tow
you think you do many great things as my Senator, but meeting with and listening to your constituents is not one of them. Sad
you make fair points, esp. overworked judges.  Why didn't you fill 4 judicial emergencies for 2 years?
Why don't you listen to your constituents instead of working for the interests of corrupt people? Horrible.
You're trying to appease Trumpers who want you out. Do you even know what you really stand for anymore?
Town Hall events are great places to have conversations with constituents.
Bad idea! 9th circuit is fine
Make the 9th San Francisco only, and not one inch out of SF.
restore confidence in our courts??? I have NO confidence in YOU!!
Later on, the two of you can assist trump roundin' up some immigrants.
Speaking of making a case- 2 PM Senator Flake
Testify Tuesday: You explain why the Affordable Care Act works for you
sure you have alternative reasons behind this as most politicians do.Republicans say as long think as we do
Sounds like a great conversation to have at a townhall. Good to know your stance, do you want to know AZ's?
"Our Turn" ironic!
Sen Flake in GOP echo chamber
Voters want to talk- a search party is a SAD commentary
The 9th being a FEDERAL court, please explain how AZ governer has ANY say in this??
I don't believe you. You just don't like rulings that you can't control. They are not oft-overturned. Liar
you just want 2 leave the 9th circuit b/c they consistently overturn AZ racist bs laws
Yep!!
BAD IDEA! #IamTucsonVoter
R power grab, attempt to politicize courts. They Must remain independent!
How about we fully staff the 9th. Fix what's not working. Don't create waste. Say NO to gerrymandering!
Don't lie about 9th. 3rd most overturned @ 77% after 6th (MI, OH, TN, KY) @ 89%, 11th (GA, FL, AL) at 85%.
WOW couldn't be bc it ruled against #MuslimBan OK ARIZONA THIS IS WHO TO #UNSEAT #ANGRYAMERICANS #REVOLT
why don't you meet with "the people" while your in town?
...And not conservative enough, eh?
you miss-wrote that, it should say your "gerrymandering of the court"
9th circuit overturned < 1% of the time.Ironic yr concerned w/fair hearings as you ignore yr constituency.
why do you not work in AZ to help the homeless kids going to bed hungry etc. Vote FLAKE out 2018
Justice is being served. It's your constituency who are not being served.
Why don't you make the case to your constituents at a town hall. We are waiting.
