Then roll up your conservative sleeves & get in a room with progressives & negotiate a budge that allows all Americans to thrive 2gether.
You are an optimist.
Where were u and the Republicans when we spent the last 10 trillion? Now u scream! Deficit neutral!! You're the nightmare!
CR?
Vote no for tax breaks as we are broke
What a pile of political crap  both sides of an issue.  Time to go away!
You are a no go
How would you know? Jeff Flake, you're a conservative's worst nightmare! You sit in a GOP seat, and SQUANDER our first control in decades!!!

Keep up the battle at trimming the size and waste of government! That's conservatism!
2018 can't come soon enough. Vote #KelliWard
Flake is a Rino & has no credibility
It's paying our bills. How about we stop accumulating debt?
Your track record is terrible, a failing 53 Liberty score on Conservative Review. Hopefully AZ voters wake up & replace you.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity Mr. Flake, how would you know anything about conservatives.  You definitely are not one.
Transition: Please vote me out of office.
Do spending reforms possibly include raising taxes for the ultra-ultra rich? Or at least make them pay as much as middle class workers?
Well where tax reform and repeal of Obama care , you don't want to reduce immigration ,while universities stating we overpopulated 2050
Trump is going to make sure you are not re-elected. LOL
Now isn't the time to ADD special provisions to a bill that will help those people in Houston.
NOW you step up and say we should have spending reforms? Where have you been before now when you might have made a difference? Proposals now
So people build along the coast line and when everything gets wiped http://out.Tax  payers everywhere are on the hook?
AZ has applied for fema assistance 3 times just this year? People shouldn't build near trees in a hot place or where rain doesn't absorb
AZ shouldnt have applied.
How cute - little Jeffie is trying to grow a pair. Enjoy your time as a senator while u can.
but you support tax cuts of course. Fake Fiscal Conservative--
@kelliwardaz see he's  pretty Republican;so your propaganda on him is inaccurate;campaign w/ morals & truth and u may win with your in tact
Kelli is nothing but a racist and wants to waste money on a wall she's worthless too.
No doubt she is 2000 times worse thuan Flake, i just troll her because she is such a Trump lackey
Let's learn for Pakistans mistakes and only let professionals in https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/asia_pacific/a-disaster-in-the-making-pakistans-population-has-more-than-doubled-in-20-years/2017/09/08/4f434c58-926b-11e7-8482-8dc9a7af29f9_story.html …
Weren't you around for the accumulation of a lot of that debt?  Funny, I don't recall hearing any opposition from you then?! Back POTUS!
Funny you say that, cuz you are AZ's worst nightmare
What is CR
Continuing Resolution
Happy to be voting for your opponent soon.
Jeff fake flake how do people like that get elected
The deficit should be a priority for both Dems and republicans. Sadly it isn't for either
Are you seriously just figuring this out? Congrats, you finally recognized $20,000,000,000,000 is a big number. Did you miss first grade?
Why were you not out in front using your amazing Leadership Skills. You have none. You are good at bluster. Action not words
Plus, there's conservative, there's ivory tower conservative, and there's the Trump nutcases. True conservatives put people above theory.
Retrn to general order, get your acts together, but don't make everybody wait while y'all figure out what your jobs are supposed to be. 2/2
Appreciate your stance, @JeffFlake, but Senate's have been blundering in its duties, afraid to stand up to this heinous president. 1/2
You have 3 mos to figure out the debt ceiling. People affected by Harvey, Irma and the fires need their help now. Grow a heart!
Nope. Sorry. That's just an excuse to vote no. You're better than that.
Loser
When your party's entire philosophy is 'oppose Obama' you realize you have no principles to govern on.
Agree 100%. We need to stop raising the debt limit, balance the budget through spending and tax cuts/reform.
So said the ex-senator of Arizona
I appreciate your sentiments Senator but do not agree.  Disaster relief is an immediate necessity but spending reform is complex.
Why didn't you work with President Trump!
Yea - continue kicking the van down the road and pass it on to the kids
Not to mention even if the rules were changed your leadership can't guarantee its own votes on any issue. Pathetic
Why aren't you in Washington...it's a workday. #nomoreFlake
Putting your trump hate aside either change the rules or some dems are needed much easier to criticize than do anything
We understand that everything trump does is wrong but look in your own house first no GOP consensus on any issue
This is cool, hope you have the actual balls to stand by this. I'm guessing you cave.
You are suddenly worried about Conservatives? When did this happen? You receive a "F Grade" as a Conservative.
Wow! With the legislation republicans have tied to other bills, that took guy. Trump is coming for you. Make a real difference, stand up.
You are a joke. You stand for nothing and add no value. Go sell books.
Try taxing those with means. I hear it helps. #fecklessGOP #cravenGOP
Your re-election in 2018 is a no go.
LOL. Last time I checked the R's controlled Congress. Please govern and stop tearing the party apart #totalfailure #losingthemajority
I am a life long Republican. I don't think you could win re-election against a Democrat
You RINO'S are expending all political capitol. You fight your POTUS, you have no base. You fight the base. You have no plan or leadership
If you were open to higher taxes for millionaires, we could pay down the Debt. The Debt is the legacy of Reagan tax cuts for the super-rich.
Get McConnell to end filibuster and Trump will sign all the spending cuts and reforms we want.
#losing
You Republicans can STOP MAKING OR EXTENDING WARS to save money. Iraq and Afghanistan = $3 triillion on war spending when Obama came in.
You would criticize the people's POTUS whatever he did. You like so many don't get that  the American people get it now like never before
Then where were your while Obama flushed money into friends pockets? You are a Communist Globalist, and will be defeated in the primary.
Jeff, curious as to why there is a 'debt limit' at all if it just keeps being lifted/raised. Kind of a pointless exercise isn't it?
You're going to lose!! Just shut up! Vote @kelliwardaz in 2018!!!
@JeffFlake The GOP has had 9 months to fix this and failed.

Leadership is what is needed now, not backseat driving.
Raise taxes on wealthy, particularly on capital. It will create more business spending, More jobs. More government revenue. Lower deficit.
Pre-Vote=I'm going to sound tough & independent to the voters. Crunch time=How can I best follow party line/how many can I screw over?
A nice start for spending reforms would be no more tax payer funded golf trips for Trump.
When you remember Jeff Flake is actually a conservative republican who disagrees out of principal..
Your only redeeming quality seems to be that Trump hates you.  Well done.


How r those  poll #'s
DJT doesn't tolerate or reward failure...this isn't the Obama Administration which did so as a standard policy#ProduceOrUwillBreplaced
You're a conservative worst nightmare, that's why you will not be reelected next November
So you prefer defaulting and not paying for the things you passed into law. Typical deadbeat Republican.
Jeff, start cleaning out your desk#KleptocratsWillBvotedOut
Will you vote for a tax cut for the wealthy when the infrastructure in hurricane-hit states needs immediate work to bring up to safety std?
I cant wait until you are replaced in the senate.
One nightmare is voting for someone who says one thing when voting for office, then does something entirely different after elected.
In my business, when I disagree I am obligated to have an alternative. Why do Sens/Reps just bash w/o plans?  #NoGames
After next November you won't have to worry about it. I will not vote for you in '18. ANYONE BUT JEFF FLAKE!!!
MR OPEN BORDERS GUY.  Why do you think OBAMA racked up $10Triiion giving it to start illegals on welfare FUTURE DEMS #TAXREFORMNOW@potus@gop
Why don't you focus on your job and get @SenJohnMcCain to do his and not obstruct then perhaps you wouldn't have to complain?
Jeff the problem is you lack credibility.  It's hard to tell if your being a "contious conservative" or just trying to slam POTUS.
So what were YOU going to do - shut down the government and cave in after 2 weeks? With Harvey/Irma not the time to pick a losing fight!
no need to walk the cnsrv walk - unless of course you actually are able to shut the govt down. Now that would be evidence of your cnsrv'ism!
Why don’t you ever speak of revenue reform?
You can come up with a spending reform within this month but not since you've been elected? 
So why don't the Reps do anything about it?? Ya'll talk and no action. Don't forsake voters cos you don't like @realDonaldTrump! Get it done
No wall, no increase to military budget since it's bigger than tnext 10 militarys combined. No tax cuts for rich. Then maybe talk debt
met the road and you "cnrvs" couldn't get it done. Likewise, knowing the Dems and Trump will get it done, you can talk the cnsrv talk with
While it's hard to disagree with the rhetoric, it's hard to believe you. It was easy to say "I favor repeal/replace" too - until the rubber
Conservatives need many more nightmares. While debts ARE increasing, the answer is more revenue, not insane tax cuts.
Go away.
Awweee... look who decided to get out of bed.
It's funny that you think yourself a conservative. Vote @kelliwardaz
Maybe if didn't bad-mouth Trump he would listen to you.
A little late to be talking about debt $20 trillion later.
Not sure how @JeffFlake knows anything about conservatism.
As an actual Constitutional conservative I completely agree with you. I guess what they say is right - a broken clock is right twice a day.
That would be a analog clock with a face and hands.
step down.Noone wants to hear one word,from this traitor.
You for shutting down the Govt then? How much does that cost!
So does that mean you are a no on the tax cuts unless they are revenue neutral? #DebtCeiling
You've talked all your life. Name one thing to show for it !!! SHUT UP. YOU cowards will live in perpetual nightmare, as you don't DO nothin
#getgidofflake
.quick reminder how ur job works vote yes 2support u voted no on #HarveyRelief Duh  ur welcome #nosenate4uin18
Too bad GOP was hijacked long ago by RWNJs in the "freedom" caucus. Good luck passing anything
This is the old Flake that we loved in the House. More of this pls, less of the amnesty, Ocare-light, and other McCain Jr crap. Thanks.
Jeff the Trump Hater, get nothing done senator. You will not lift a finger to help Trump so he is going where he can get help.
Cut the military budget
Why did you RINOS not stop Obama from doubling the debt? Did nothing then, but won't back President Trump for one dime!
More important fish to fry. Hurricane relief. Health and tax reform. If Congress wants new immigration law&intends to enforce, pass it now!
Suggestion: don't vote for deficit-funded tax cuts.
I suggest you vote against it
Hey dummy, there's a report your brain is n/b on I-95. Just in case you're beginning to miss it. Kelli Ward 2018
Did you check with your Brutus twin, or are you going Maverick? Take credit for what your pettiness is reaping. Kelli Ward 2018
Oh it's Flakey McFlakester? 
The guy that loves amnesty?
But virtue signals to conservatives? 
How fresh 
RINO
YOU DO NOTHING BUT COMPLAIN. WE WANT YOUR BUDGET TODAY.  YOUR SOO LAZY.
Had 8 months for budget and tax reform. NOTHING. Take credit for your inaction. Tired of finger pointing. FIX IT. Kelli Ward 2018
So how does it feel to be in the very small majority for this?  Luckily we are almost done with you!
You're no go Flake! No vote for you. You will loose this time.
Drain the swamp of all of you our government is broken
GO TO WORK AND CREATE A BUDGET.  YOUR SOO LAZY. GET TO WORK.
Why is something always tied to something? Total BS inner beltway crap. Vote for Harvey separate stop the politics. Everyone in D.C. Sucks
Problem with Rs right now is they have control of Congress and cant get anything passed.  Trump will work with whoever to get something done
Dealing w Schumer & Pelosi is like negot'g w terrorists. No can do. Needs McConnell & Ryan replaced, & to speak not tweet to Americans on TV
Try not to worry, Jeff, in the 1940's, the debt went from $42 BIL to $252 BIL, (a 600% increase in ten years) WE WII SURVIVE!
How about big cuts to DoD? We should not be the world's policeman.
As a former resident of Phoenix from 87 to 96.....I ask,  what on earth you know about being a Conservative?  Go along to get along Flake
RESIGN
Come on your campaign is in trouble it should be an easy win but you will have to spend fund raise and campaign profusely
Where have you been oops letting the debt grow but now because you know trump is in charge accomplishing you come out against the debt mmmmm
Im so happy Midterms are looming for this guy.
Bob Gates said fiscal uncertainty due to CRs damages the national security and reflect "political cowardice...incompetence" of the Congress!
Go away Flakey
See, Flake has his own binary idolatry. Whereas some will support bad things bec. Trump supports them, he'll ONLY do good to oppose Trump.
Trump blasts conservatives by deal to raise debt, and Not Balance a Budget.  Trump will do anything for Camera time
Perhaps if you had worked with Trump instead of mindlessly attacking him he would have included you in the discussion. Trump is bad, so r u.
You and MCCain are Rinos and a NO GO .... vote U OUT !!!
So when the tax cut bill comes before you for a vote, which you know will increase the debt, are you now committing to oppose it?
Tax cuts increase debt? 
Not much of a historian are you?
You should try supporting our President. You are worse than a demtard. Look forward to voting against you!
If you're so concerned about debt why would we cut taxes for the very wealthy? GOP are hypocrites 
So cutting $1 of spending is just craziness to you 
Jeff, do you just pay your mortgage every month like you agreed to, or do you attach strings to the lender?
Have you had your mental health status checked recently. Hypocrisy of the most egregious sort.
You've lost all relevance to any discussion about anything. Better start looking for a new job, lucky for you Trump's bringing back jobs.
But at the worst pace in years:
RAT=Republicans Against Trump, worse than Dems and RINOs, smiles while stabbing Trump in the back!
I was a Republican from my first vote in 1980 until Trump came along. I am proud to be opposed to the man; he's a danger to the country.
Inadvertently you're siding with the progressive left. Good job.
"Inadvertently", we sided with Stalin when we fought Hitler. What's your point?
Good job. That's all...now you can cry foul as GOP falls apart and Dems become party of power, with no branches represented...
Yep. That's exactly what electing Trump is likely to accomplish. It's sad.
It's too late, buddy.  It's too late.
I agree we need spending reform, but isn't the CR just a time bomb?
Conservatives should want properly legislated reform.
You allowed it to get to 20 in the first place. Why are you yapping only now?
And Flake will be voted out. Patience is tough.
Go away.
You won't have to worry about all that once your voted OUT!
You are walking that fine line
You don't know what you believe. Or stand for. You have proven that time and time again.
No one cares what you think
You guys only ever give a shit about debt when you're not in control.
Stop trying to play Mr. Conservative now. You had your chance and blew it.
Keep showing up to work and passing zero legislation... keep advancing that conservative agenda by taking no action on anything
Well to be fair we did elect a man with a consistent track record of bankruptcy, and he did say would run the US like a business.....
Hey Flake, blame yourself, McCain, Graham, and others like you.  You don't like it, look in the mirror you phony.
No one cares what you think. Say goodbye on 2018.
What's worse than a tax & spend dem? A spend & don't tax rep.  Who pays for it all?  How much blood can you get from poor & vulnerable.
CR not the problem; failure to be honest about budget is the problem
RIP @GOP
1854-2018
