Resign & let @kelliwardaz take over. You don't represent #AZ well.
Thats safe
Give blue water veterans their earned agent orange benefits
IS CONGRESS SO INEPT THAT THIS IS CONSIDERED A MAJOR ACCOMPLISHMENT? YOUR treatment of President Trump will NOT be forgotten
Nice job, Senator Flake. Now, how about some common sense gun control, or perhaps universal background checks?
52% of Arizona voters surveyed for the poll said they were less likely to vote for Flake in his 2018
KELLI WARD FOR 2018!!!!
Flake, a crack in the GOP Senate. Finaly the start of the end for Trumplestilskin.
Wow.  What about new plants in the boardroom?
Yeah Obamacare is so Great that you had yourself exempted!!  #Spineless

Staff better look for new jobs: Flake goes on Fake News MSM to trash our @POTUS who was in meeting w/ Sm Biz groups to #MAGA 
Idiot
You're SWAMP!!!
What about speaking with one voice to support our wonderful Pres!  You of the establishment, willing to say anything to get elected. So bad
What drugs are you taking? Maxine Waters's? Stop!
What an anti-American jerk! 

http://truthfeed.com/traitor-jeff-flake-admits-hes-proud-to-be-a-globalist/97201/ … 

@kelliwardaz (Kelli Ward) 2018 !
Congress hasn't spoke in one voice for years. WE the people voted Trump and you all betrayed us
I'm with you.great concepts re your book discussion w-AC http://360.love  honesty! I'm a democrat btw
Trent Frank for Senator - beat "the Flake!"
Hey Flake.  Please quit going on National TV and bashing our Pres. Disgusting !! Hope your book craps out
Did you break a sweat!#USELESS
That is BS!!
Thank you so much for being the Bree man thy you are!!! Love your book!!
Term limits!
I doubt you care about crime, if you don't support serious vetting of "Migrants" and zero tolerance on illegal immigration.
The democratic are not working with you there only for themselves
The police threatened by Wassermann Schultz. Where's your call for the special counsel!
The Old Dandruff Fake is getting primaried!!  Ahahahahahahahahahaha

Traders need to vote out
Lies  just like a liberal, must be a liberal.  Jeff always looking out for Jeff.  Liberal plant.  Elitist globalist

How can any of the GOP be taken seriously when you all support a president who promotes violence? Its bewildering to any sane person.
You will never win re-election! The republican Trump voters are the future, we dont want the old fuddy duddy's. The middle class has spoken!
None of this matters we have a madman in the White House. Our democracy and status in the world is at risk. Help! Gilbert, AZ

#NeverFlake @JeffFlake we are going to run a campaign head and shoulders above any #rinos to #MAGA 
When are you establishment Republicans going to realize that Trump is the greatest asset the GOP has. It certainly isn't you, RINO Flake.
You're the only one lost. Your failure out of senate cannot come soon enough.
Fight for America! Please! Or join Chuck! One or the other!
Flake's son among four charged in Arizona: 21 dog deaths, animal cruelty, suffocation http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-arizona-dogs-idUSKCN0I507G20141016 … *
Go f--k yourself!  Your mouth is a c--k holster for John McCain. Your time is up.
Jeff & McBrain Two US Chamber of Commerce stooges. People of AZ. can do so much better.
I voted for you. You are pissing people off. They voted in Trump and will vote out those who don't start passing his agenda! Enough!!!
WE RUN THIS COUNTRY&WE CHOSE TRUMP. WE WANT HIM TO B SUCCESSFUL&HE WILL http://B.YOU  ALL ARE ON YOUR WAY OUT.
MANY OF YOU CORRUPT SWAMPERS THAT ARE GOING AGAINST OUR PRES. WILL B VOTED OUT.WE VOTED TRUMP IN& IN HE WILL STAY. FOR 8 YEARS.
To us POPULISM means GOVERNMENT of the people!  You apparently want government by special interests and lobbyists! TRUMP RULES!
flake better get your resume refreshed as you are going down !!!

Easy to speak with one voice for the brave LE that saved you. Hard to be the conservative AZ elected you to be!!! AZ loves the Trump agenda.
Jeff "solar power doesn't work at night" Flake is an idiot
Flake = Conservative Flake! Phony, Liar, Liberal in R disguise! PRIMARY OUT! PRIMARY OUT! ARIZONA Help USA support @realDonaldTrump
I'm ready to write a fat check to your primary opponent.
Your credibility is gone.  22,000,000 people nearly lost their healthcare because of your vote.





let me give you some advice.. shut your mouth..... You're a fraud.. a never Trumper.. a RINO..  and your political "career" is FINISHED
Where are you with all your "accountability" now? This is a DIRECT BLATANT violation of Emoluments. Or does this not sell books?
@SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr *CRICKETS!* Only "law and order for poor and POC"?

@maddow @amjoyshow @RepAdamSchiff
Read excerpts from your new book. I agree with many, but cannot square your words/actions. How could you vote yes on last Trumpcare bill?
Thank you for your courage, principles, and exposing the feckless among your party who don't have the backbone you have. True brave patriot.
Thank you for listening and standing up to POTUS and those members of congress that are NOT working for the people they represent.
Flake is such a befitting name seeing as you flake out whenever it's time to back-up your hollow words.
. If you ever want republican vote not the way to do it
Now put your money where your mouth is and impeach Trump
Shut up about our Potus no name!
Thank you Senator Flake for having the courage to put Country over Party. Majority of Americans are behind you! We need more like you!!
this guy is truley a flake lmfao, hes got the right name
Let's make sure Jeff doesn't go back to Washington after 2018! Dr Ward has my vote!!!
Replace jeff flake
It will take action to rein in trump. Action, not just words. The GOP is becoming the enemy of the American people by being passive.
We support the president not you. You are the one in denial
Build that ark baby!!! Trump is cleaning the swamp!!!
You don't speak with one voice when you disparage the @POTUS, the very person that gave honest Americans a voice.
https://youtu.be/TMcHblG9_j8  #SethRichMurder
We are coming for your seat as well as Mitch you will be gone soon so plan ahead
You're out! Signed your constit.
We are coming for your seat plan accordingly #RHINO

.@MonicaCrowley: "There are some Republicans...who are as interested as Democrats and the media are in destroying Donald Trump." #Hannity 
So now you're insulting our POTUS? How dare u? He's the only one trying to fix our country. Like trying to turn the Titanic. HELP HIM.
elected. Grow a pair & stand up for what is right- like our great President!
your place. You certainly don't care about the voters or what we want. You all need to go. Apologizing to ur opponents isn't going 2 get u
The Senate has really shown their true colors. What a disappointment. You're public SERVANTs not Demi-gods. I really think you've forgotten
or your ineffectual long game. We want results now. If you can't see that & don't want to get your hands dirty there's always the Primaries
Wow, I don't even know what to say about your Politico tirade.The President is doing whatWE THE PEOPLE want.Don't care about your traditions
rather win the short game w some real victories than get hypothetical long fake wins 11)really disappointed by the gobbledygook in Politico
8) was the whole ObamaCare failure planned-put in McCain cause u know he ain't coming back? 9) we love the President 10) F the long game,
the Muslim woman 4) can't wait 2 replace McCain. 5) ur completely out of touch w the country  6) Maybe u should be replaced in the primary
1) we voted for Trump for disruption 2) GOP contributed 2 disruption for letting the stupid Russia thing go on & on 3) not voting for the
Oh great. Another book signer who passes no bills.
Smegma for brains.
Your recent politico article was welcomed. But then the other day you voted for the "skinny repeal"...u did not live up to your own message.
I'd like for you to speak in one voice and use the 25th Amendment on Donald Trump before he tweets into oblivion. Please. Not kidding.
Screw the 25th lived through Barry Hussein Soetoro you will live through Trump. Don't like it then LEAVE!
YOU ARE A RINO AND WE ALL KNOW IT
How's your healthcare
Dude you need to do something about DJT
Dude he is the president you need to respect the office illerate
U and the rest of the rinos don't speak for us
One of the BIGGEST in the Senate ..........
Let's retire this loser
what do u know.. U ran 4 @SenateGOP friendly w/doofus @SenJohnMcCain prisoner who Nixon excused since he gave in 2gooks! @FoxNews
It would be nice to think that you support the President we elected, however it seems your goal is more self promotion.
Never Trumper. You forget we elected the president. 63 million of us. Your self serving agenda is destroying America. Something in AZ water?

the same @JeffFlake who votes with Trump 95.5% of the time? 

No Jeff, we will not forget your cowardice. 

…
Funny how all of you can speak with one voice when it benefits you!
We need #TermLimits for these Rinos going against voters.
Military and taxpayer's should never be forced to fund elective plastic surgery of any kind,military is no place for the mentality confused
You need to go! President Trump is our President!  The resistance is bs. You are supposed to work for America not what you want.
This never trumper is okay with our skyrocketing premiums. Turn your backs on him like he has us. Primary this man who doesn't support us
Another arrogant Politician who loves to hear himself speak!
Sen. Flake Off!!!!
RINO talks about one voice, one voice with DemonRats, treacherous voice! Two sides of the same trashcan?
#TreasonousTrump supporters wanting to harm #Americans #JeffFlake #DeanHeller #AZ #NV vote them out. They are hazardous to your health
have our ballot ready for "the other guy" or woman! I hope Kelli Ward runs against you. I'lll be sure to donate if she does.
years to come when you are back in the private sector wondering how in the hell did I lose! So keep it up Jeff. We are watching.. and WE ...
you. Id be careful..We dont forget. And most of all we VOTE..and we will assure you that your reelection will be one to remember for ...
have gone up over 100% in your state. And whether you know it or not, they STILL love him, and will fight to assure he wins again. As for...
2018 isnt it? and you do know President Trump won the state @47% and a 23% margin against his opponent Ted Cruz. Your Obamacare premiums...
NeverTrumper, but Id be careful about that. His supporters are following you very carefully before your reelection comes up. When is it?...
Hey Jeff. Do you enjoy going on FAKE NEWS media to bash our President. Seems you do that every chance you get! We all know you are a...
@SenFlakeStaff hey ARIZONA @abc15 Arizona U HAVE 2 Flakes in @SenateGOP both rinos HOWS UR PREMIUMS OUT THERE? It's not @POTUS
U ATTACK TRUMP? U flake! 
U NEVER curse, AY? U Lying HYPOCRITE!
YOU glasshouse throwing STONES.
U SEWER-DWELLING-GLOB-O-SHIT
@SenFlakeStaff at @FaceTheNation u reflect wimp-mess.. At least u realize u r the problem! Ur afraid O's Socialists w/big mouths!
1/2 of DC republican like u hate @POTUS couple w/so called @TheDemocrats socialists Congress suck!
@SenFlakeStaff one arrives in DC & becomes Narcistic, writes a book, "party lost it's way"! 8yrs wimps! Along #McCain RINOS' #Vet
Oh Jeff, you do not care about our men and women. Please do me a favor and leave Arizona. #Flakeout2018
I remember you. You betrayed your constituents. You voted FOR #TrumpCare that nobody wanted. 16million w/out care.
Don't hide behind doing what's right & easy, @JeffFlake - try doing what's right and tough - like Sen McCain did. AZ voters won't forget.
As 200000 will wake up tomorrow with no health insurance 
The only real solution is to vote out all incumbents and replace with newbies not entrenched in party politics.
Senator, I'll deviate from my norm, but they need and deserve 6c coverage. Make it happen.
You could learn something yet flake! McCain leaving the Capitol asked why he voted NO: "I thought it was the right thing to do."
Shame on you Flake for voting to repeal Obamacare.  You have no heart, no conscience, no compassion.
You get right in there on the EASY issues don't you
what next, name a bridge/post office?

Future Lobbyist Jeff Flake won't step foot in AZ
we saw you vote. you tried to take our healthcare and failed.

we are coming for you
Shame on you.
It's all about healthcare. Hiding? Vote no on scam Senate bills.
You have no respect for the Arizona elderly community. You should have voted "no" to kill the bill.
You're killing your constituents. Please, vote no.
"Reminder to Arizonans: @JeffFlake sided with Ted Cruz over the hundreds of thousands of Arizonans. 

We will repeal & replace him in 2018"
Who is "we"
Please vote no
he didnt
Absolutely meaningless.  And that's all you can agree on?

#NoRepeal

So, let me get this straight: Just because the last President was Black, now everyone has to die?
Please dont vote to destroy health care for 16,000,000 people.  No person of true faith would do so.  People will remember.
Did ya happen to hear scaramucci's voice today? This administration is a joke!

You're having to work pretty hard to find anything that can be agreed on.  This is the saddest and scariest time I can recall...
So now speak up for Arizona seniors, vets and families! Stop trying to take away our insurance! #VoteNO #SaveACA
How about those of us who are victims of the NRA gun laws you keep passing?
Senator how about some love and money for the Coast Guard. Men and women saving lives using outdated equipment #onetweetaweek

Any repeal of any kind is unacceptable. We need to be covering more Americans not less. This entire thing is nonsense.
Please VOTE NO! Thank you
@lisamurkowski needs help, Senator.  If you haven't noticed.. things are bad.  Time to decide where you stand.  History is watching.
and playing hail to chief what a loser
what about all the people killed by gang members should thank the shooter for being a bad shot not that i want him dead but a sorry excuse
Want u to vote no on all healthcare  issues the only thing is FIX ACA DONT REPEAL IN ANYFORM FIX IT  you work for me so I DEMAND IT
So, you support the Capitol Police but not transgender members of the military?  Will Trump/Pence go after all LGBT federal employees next?
They will not but the transgender issue will cost billions of dollars.
Maybe you can speak in one voice and provide us with GREAT HEALTHCARE, instead of crafting crap behind closed doors?
