will do Sen Graham- you are the only hope of integrity left in the Republican party
ur moderate leaning librally I'm good
Don't let Bill shake you Lindsey...Stick to your guns.. remember your constituents
I don't always agree with your politics but at least your fair and consistent
haha I wouldn't hold your breath
We will be watching from Pawleys Island .  The Palmetto state is proud to call you our representative. #SC
Love to see you, but don't watch fox!!
O'Reilly is good about having liberal guests on.
I never watch Fox.  Too much fake news.  Go on a better quality network.
can you confirm tonight whether my microwave was infiltrated by inspector gadget on behalf of Russians? 
I gave up Fake News Sorry
Trump discredits institutions, press, people - tactics of a dictator! He must be stopped!
not a chance, traitor.
Why Fox, they are fake news Lindsey, only softball questions.
waste of time South Carolina deserves better
Trump is setting the GOP to fail so President Bannon can fire you all!  When are you going to not fall for his tricks?
this is why we need term limits people like him and John McCain
5 hours ago and 14 likes?
Pls tell the truth about what a disaster TRUMPCARE will be for ordinary Americans
I am impressed. You have stopped bashing our President
Not on that network.
nobody watches that crap. Preaching to the choir again?
Please save us from the fascist Trump! He is a compulsive liar. Words matter! No one can believe anything he says.
Please speak up for the weak and vulnerable, not for the 1% who never have enough.
If it was any where but OReilly's. Just can't stomach that cretin.
@rdsono @LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor you might be surpriced about what he is going to say about the donald
Good interview last night Senator Graham and Mr. O'Reilly
I don't watch Faux News nor will I for this, especially with oreilly
@00
Rather have another hernia operation than watch Fox Fake News
i feel for you. Good luck.
DON'T PRESSURE US TO RUSH OUR EVIDENCE MAKING UP. WE NEED TIME TO MAKE BLACK PRESIDENT LOOK BAD! WHITE!!
ewwww O'Reilly? Really. No bueno
is a horrible man. He is a Predator just like 45. Uses his height to undermine and he never listens 2 answer
Come on Sen Graham. You can do better than that. They'll just twist your words into lies later.
put America before party, Senator. Do the right thing!
plz continue conducting yourself w/ integrity, humanity, and humor. Plz don't drink the trump-koolade
Are you going to denounce Steve King's racism?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor ecochamber night. Time to lie to the base through @foxnation.
be interested to see if you found any evidence of trumps lying tweets
do yourself a favor and cancel.. I was starting to get a little respect for you, but not so much now
Good luck with that he will just talk over you when he doesn't agree with what you are saying!TALK LOUDER!
Please don't go on that network. You are so much better than O'Reilly.
hope you will explain why obama is in microwaves and why 10 million people will lose healthcare. #trumpland
why? You and McCain need to just change parties you both are lib dems. Wolves in sheep clothing
I hope you plan on announcing that you do not support the repeal and replace health care plan on the table.
only if U demo some courage vs the pack of pimps at fox and the GOP!use the time to demand spec prosecutor!!
Why Fox News?
will Congress and fed employee be on the same health care plan as you impose on the people?
Good luck!
oh dear. You sold out Senator.
It would be great if you talked country over party...but you are going to @FoxNews so probably not.  #wishfulthinking
why?  you're irrelevant, nobody wants you around
washing my hair thx. You are a traitor to the american pple
take out your buttplug before the interview you useless hack. MAGA
Congratulations on an imaginative retort.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @oreillyfactor O'Reilly likes to get wild. It costs Fox shareholders millions but hey, it makes him feel like a "star."
.@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @realDonaldTrump @oreillyfactor John McCain and Lindsey Graham for President and Vice President in 2020.
I actually think this is a good thing. I might tune in.
please discuss report from @ForeignPolicy about proposed US cuts $ to UN that impact inspection of DPKR
Would love to see you on a REAL news program
WHEN ARE YOU IMPEACHING.  THAT IS ALL THAT MATTERS!!!!
Why....so we can listen to you & O'Reilly spew more deceit. Cowards.
@ChristenTubbs @oreillyfactor    Where's his buddy McCain.  They do everything together!
don't know. If they do everything together like you claim he prolly be there. No need for 2 tweets
If he starts talking shit bring up how he beats his wife and is getting sued for sexual harassment.
It's a trap!
Good Day; Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM
Hope you condemn: Trumpcare, anti-antisemitism, Russian takeover of American government.
#RussiaFatigue
I'm sure there are 24 million people would like to know why you want to KILL them
Hope you can explain where the 24 million people can get their Insurance from
we'll just do it live
do not stand up for this wretched bill that will kill people I love
Pew Research=MAJORITY of Americans want handsOFF ACA. A transfer of OUR hard earned taxes to wealthy will bury gop.
#Indivisible
traitor
for what to bash the president
Hope you'll be addressing the CBO scores and how many constituents will be without healthcare. Russia too!
Gross.
You realize this sounds as credible as if you said "scheduled to be a guest on Planet Zorb tonight", right?
Better get prepped for the, "great President, or greatest President ever" questions.
OMG! I may actually watch Fox news tonight!
Hope to hear your take on the CBO report...
I'd rather get a root canal
How about you go on an actual news show?
I think it's good. He's been interviewed on all the other networks. This way he will have Trump voters ears.
