Meanwhile I had Trump voters I work with, trying to get sympathy from me, because he's a "warmonger". I pointed & laughed at them. 
So True
Me too.
Again The Saudi monarchy is the primary source of $$$ for Isis Afghanistan is a mistake
And what about Saudi?
A big bomb is no substitute go rational policy just another distraction to please those who like Big Bang politics
Its IsiS. Isil was Libya. Obama used isil to deny Syria because he caused it
Ok. What are your ties to weapons companies? Do you also have Russian ties?
Why don't you get aggressive with your #lackofmorals
1. This is a distraction from Russia and pure corruption. 2. There is threat of looming war. 3. We don't have bunkers like you 4. You suck.
Could you please call it ISIS?
I guess its ok w u that people from India were killed, too, huh? All so Orange Hitler can try to take our attention away from #Trumprussia
Excuse me ,get up with it it's ISIS ,,,, so you are a dem
Are you calling for ground troops?
I think Trump is going to get us all killed..Thanks Lindsey!
Sorry know he is not it's the deep state that's runs things , you need to get real news off the net
Shocking, you approve of more war spending? $13 million bomb to hit some caves? Overkill much?
Proof is needed that any militants were killed.Then again, "proof" of anything  OUT THE DOOR withGOP long as they can hush #trumprussia
It's good when we do it, but it's bad when #Assad and #Putin do it. Btw, our pals the 'rebels' killed 70+ innocent civilians in Syria today.
It requires a plan that has not been revealed or a tactic not recognized by the president as his direct decision. It needs work to succeed
do your job. President getting ready for #ww3. Bannon wanted this and it is starting. #nonukes
Agreed, but why is Assad's air force still able to fly?
Where are the sanctions against Russia?

We need you to be strong due to a weak Pres
All this says is you're still an obamanite. ISSL.. lame a** leader, please! ISIS, you DRAW on society #TermLimits #FERs #Article28 @FoxNews
Hi is pleased because alot of inocent people have died because of that moab americans are bloodhounds they live to kill and smel blood
Not all of us are bloodthirsty
You all are when time is there every american wanna tast the blood of inocent poeple
Not interested in tasting any blood. The "war on terror" is a hardware show and a gift to defense vendors. Does not keep us safe. #tragic
What was the ROI on that? Was it really worth it. How many civ lives were affected by it? And this makes you pleased? Wtf is wrong with you?
It's isis
Okay, how about you go? Take some of your friends along.
War is NOT what we need right now!! Listen to your constituents. Listen to the MAJORITY of Americans!!
Pleased? Big fucking air detonated area bomb? Against caves and tunnels? That bomb had only one purpose. #Trumprussia deflection.
Great call Senator, less Americans in harms way. Nothing'll stop the U.S. Air Force!
ISIL is Lindsey Graham afraid to call ISIS for what it is? Enough of the PC, that's what got us in this in the first place!
So disappointed in you sir. Very disappointed.

The naïveté of some congressman is difficult to understand, this is obviously optics to distract from the inevitable #smallmanbigmouth
Thanks for working  with the President..I love u meeting with him..he's a strong man,and you compliment him
How many civilians dead?
Thank you for your support of President Trump, America and South Carolina.  God Bless America 
Are you going to become aggressive when it comes to fixing Affordable Care Act & impeaching Trump for Russian collusion/election tampering?
Your occasional rationality stands in stark contrast with your obscene war-mongering
@LindseyGrahamSC UR a TRAITOR. Making excuses for TRAITORS like @realDonaldTrump is COLLUSION. 
INDICT @POTUS  TREASON #trumprussia 
How can someone worship both God and Guns? I don't get it.
This is so dangerous. Those of us on the west coast are going to pay the price for your stupidity
Would you please grow up and take this seriously? Please! A bigger bomb does not make you a bigger man
Not
You're just flat wrong. What is he doing playing chicken with North Korea. It's all distraction.  No integrity and no trust in GOP....
You should not be pleased by this. You should be stopping this insanity.
Time for the likes of you to retire. The planet doesn't need more wars. And your action just causes more, not less of it.
Bigger doesn't always mean more
Wow.  A bomb
This cost $300M. It's abhorrent.
Using ISIL reminds me of O'Bama
If Obama did this you would be crying impeach! Your hypocrisy knows no bounds! 315 million dollars but no money for Flint!
Where's that assertive attitude when it comes to that Russian living in the White House?
worth 315 million?That would feed a lot of those coalminer's families...
Insanity
Stop it; this is too painful to watch you drool like a lap dog Mr. Graham; I'm not touching that hand either.
"Aggressiveness" is not the problem. Avoiding MURDERING innocent bystanders? Problem. Avoiding making ourselves BIGGER targets? Problem.
To cheer for the MOAB is to worship size over substance. We cannot bomb our way to safety for America! Wise up or get out of office.
We need skillful strategy and diplomacy to win. Adding more zeroes to the explosive count does not mean a thing as far as victory.
We don't even know for sure that ISIS was anywhere near the target zone! We don't know ANYTHING b/c this was a spur of the moment impulse.
A conman with zero military experience or knowledge has used literal overkill to grab headlines, and you cheer. Sen Graham, shame on you.
I doubt my words will move you. You'll play to cameras and toe the Party line, as people die and the USA grows less safe. 
Enjoy your war.
Don't you think it's a bigger priority to get the traitors out of the WH? We can stroke our war boners later.
Once again a (fake) Christian getting his jollies killing people. A smart man once told me we should bomb people with food, shelter & TV's.
Hypocrite
Yup. A sledgehammer against a deadly virus is just the way to go!!!
OMG Lindsey, for a while there I thought you had some sense. So disappointed.
We need to be more aggressive w/ the Russia investigations, don't you agree?
Sorry you didn't have any progeny to send to war, oh yeah right you can't conceive through an ass
What happened, to make today the day to drop this bomb? Who's making decisions? DT said he isn't & State Dept is gutted. Just the military?
Your a pussified Warhawke.
No
We are on the verge of WW3. Stop with your sycophantic praise. Sick.
Terrific, now what about Title X? #TitleX was stolen from America
And ISIS could take out just as many westerners with 1/64th the cost of a #MOAB. Pointless gesture.
If MOAB cost $16 mil., that is about $750,000 per pound. In todays prices, we dropped over $5 billion in Nam. Did we fix the problem?
Have you served in the military?
Repeat after me...ISIS, Mr. Graham...ISIS, not the word Hussein Obama used...again, ISIS.  President Trump prefers ISIS.  @BarackObama
I'm a fan of Senator Graham, but yes, it is ISIS. And they will be defeated under President Trump (hopefully)! 
Me too, Jake, but he always says ISIL!  Lol...and President Trump will defeat or at least put a big dent in those sorry asses! 
You're approaching "worthless partisan hack' status. And you had so much promise. Good guy, but SO disappointing.
What promise? He ridiculed people He is a racist He flouted he could grab any pussy He's a lousy business man?
Really Lindsey?Seriously?U do realize tht these same fools hve bombs 2.Something is going 2 happen.Retaliation of sme sort.
Glad you are so "pleased" Senator.   When World War III starts, let us know how pleased you are then. #resist
NO! Get back in session.  Someone needs to temper this idiot.  Trump is a fool.  His ego is large.  We will all suffer from his arrogance.
Yes, he told us all "I love war." Now he's giddy with the buttons. Let's hope he has trouble remembering the codes @realDonaldTrump
Senator, I am under the impression POTUS had to have congressional approval for that action.  Can he not get into trouble? Penny
Have you heard of the Vietnam war ?
Why is it North Korea cannot test bombs in they're own country yet America can bomb whomever they want? Child of @realDonaldTrump
Government is going to need to reinstate the draft,  so ready to go to war, need all young men and women participating.
I hope the @GOP doesn't use this as a distraction from #TrumpRussia
You definitely have your priorities straight Mr Granham. War and rumors of wars...
Maybe we're sick of war when we can't even fund the roads in SC, help provide healthcare, stop stealing from SS or fund state programs.
When is the next senate race in SC I'm so ready. What happened to a balanced budget. Where is all this money for wars coming from taxpayer?
He has fired a lot of people there is a hiring freeze and he's ending Dept  Ed and EPA Haven't you been listening ?
I'm not expecting a reply, but could you describe the strategy for this, please? I'm not against it, but it doesn't "fit".
Because that's worked so well for us in the past...
You're #deplorable making more enemies on a daily basis is not #Christian
Lindsey, you do know we can't bomb and kill our way out of the Middle East. You do know ISIS will shrug the sand off and come back at us.
But Bush put in Isis! Why are you against them?
Please do your job and demand that Congress approve any more military action against anybody. Remember, you were wary of 45 only a year ago.
DC can't satisfy its appetite for military answers to intractable foreign affairs issues. When will we learn our lesson?
Got your woody for the day?!
Do you really think that it's gonna solve the problem? No it's not. Another group will form after them.
Fu graham. Hope you die before any other innocents and me. #Resist. A 29020 active voter working for a REAL representative senator.
How many civilians were killed? How many children? MOAB blast radius 1.7 miles
That is all well and good but what about the admin refusing to acknowledge if Trump ordered the strike or not. Does this concern you?
Wrong move
Mr Graham, get trump out or 2018 have your resume ready!
You are all talk about fairness right up until you have to vote and then you are just another repig.
I doubt trump hit anything. His aim on the missile strike was designed not to do damage and piss of Putin.
You're wrong.
Yes Lindsey. We know war gives Republicans huge erections. Calm down. #afghanistanbomb
Yup great to make sure we continue to give them reasons to continue their acts of terror.   #MyBombIsBigggerThanYourBomb
@LindseyGrahamSC what's with ISIL, it's ISIS, you sound like Obama
I think we could have $aved millions and caused more destruction if we had dropped the MOAB on al Assad
What is wrong with you? How many Americans want to go to war? Feel free to leave out the friends off the GOP who will profit from it.
MORE BOMBS=MORE TERRORISTS PERIOD. 16 yrs is long enough.Either u all are wasting your time or grossly inept.Our Pres is a russian asset fyi
At a cost of $314M? Seriously?
We have no $$ for Meals on Wheels, Sesame Street, or public educ, but we have $ to bomb that shit out of country that posed no immed threat?
Since you fund them in Syria- are you just hinting they move their camp? WOW you ARE a fish dude. I thought differently so did others
If you care about this country, GOP must be more aggressive and stop colluding with and protecting traitor in its midst. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Calling them ISIL isn't really accurate here
Why ISIL? Still hung up on Obama? ISIS or Daesh.
religious factions will be there all the time, one will go another will come in.. it will never change.. waste of money
So if we're going to destroy every human being in the MOAB blast radius, does this mean we're going to start carpet bombing? Difference?
Sad

Hmm. Wonder what news stories dropped today? We've been there for years. Why the sudden urgency to make a big crater now? Country over party
You have no clue.
Lindsay did you get a hard on when you saw that bomb explode? You got girlfriend in Vietnam...?
Now you're with the ISIL lingo? Goid grief. Bombs ain't a plan. Just sad little boys going boom boom. Someday the boom boom is here.
By the way, the kids in Flint have lead poisoning and can't drink the water.

Your Congress said there wasn't enough money to fix it.
Could you be more aggressive against religious extremists here who are trying to overturn Consititional protections like RoevWade? Oh, wait
Thanks, I needed that smile today.  Well said!
ISIL looks like preschoolers compared to a deranged President with an inferiority complex and access to the nuclear codes. #StopTheInsanity
When will the war be over? Ever?
Which one?
DOJ /Lynch met with influential husband of women under investigation privately 
Any info on that ?
#MyPressBriefing
DNC was hacked by Russians 
Password for server was 1234
Any info on that?
#MyPressBriefing
What did it accomplish, and was it even close to worth the cost?
A video caused the deaths of 4 Americans in Benghazi 
Any info on that?
#MyPressBriefing
You fool!
IRS / Lerner plead the 5th
Any info on that?
#MyPressBriefing 
How much of a kickback from Military munitions suppliers did you get for this Tweet?
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00009975 …
yes - but the aggression must stop there. NO WAR WITH KOREA. Trump has no concern for war, only reflecting focus fr Russia
How many road repairs could have been made with that MOAB money? Don't make me quote Eisenhower. Don't make me.
GOP says we have no $ for education,health, infrastructure energy, environment, social programs, but we have all $$ for bombs & wars.
Looks like bad guys have gotten to Lindsay. Only one left who can save us is commander Data. Everyone else on bridge iscooked
except it killed Syrian allies, soooo there's always that...
Lindsey Graham has a war boner.
imagine how many Cialis doses were entirely skipped today...
And civilian casualties?  What about them you monster?
Will you say that if we find out it was a) a strike for show b) another civilian slaughter?
How blind can one be to not see this is trump trying to distract and boost his reality show fake presidency? What doses Putin have on you?
I guess we'll just have to keep killing until everyone thinks we're great, right? Great foreign policy.
So when we go to war what Credit Card are you putting it on?
Don't flatter them calling them ISIL. They are Isis.
Let's hold off on celebration until we see what was accomplished by it. Some of us are not overly impressed with his first two missions.
Wait til the civilian death info is in before getting too giddy.
You seriously do not understand that bombing them does not kill the ideology, it is reinforcing it. How can you guys not get this right??
Call them ISIS..thanks.
Curious Mr. Graham are any of your relatives serving in the military? Tired of platitudes as our sons and daughters sacrifices- do yours?
#warpig
will Afghanistan pay us for using these bombs or will taxpayers have 2 keep paying to police other countries?
Thanks Sen. Does not appear well-calibrated. Too early to be pleased. Need to be more effective against IS; not the same as aggressive.
Your pleased..We are not shocked.. you warmonger
Agreed as @potus promised! Please let McCain know we have an Elected Commander & Chief and it's not him! McCain should be impeached
I honestly have never been so irritated at the state of South Carolina in my life. Complete lack of critical thinking and self awareness.
idk about u but I don't really like isis so I'm cool with it
Literally they made a bad problem worse. Lack of self awareness.
lol I'm über self aware, that's what I hate most about me 
Then you're aware that your response lacks understanding of the critical nature of this situation, yes?
Most certainly, however I do understand the matter at stake and I believe that unlike last week this strike is meant to be preemptive
No this strike is your president thinking that bombs are toys.
Just like the last one and every one to come.
You're PLEASED that people died.  Wow.  Not sure I'd use THAT language.
Yes we must be more aggressive against Isis but civilian casualties should also be taken into account
Does that over reaching statement apply to the ISIL smpathizers here in the U.S.A.  Bet they're not waiting for MOAB drop.  NOT RATIONAL
in 2013 not even a quarter of your #GOP supported extensive actions, now about 64%.  Why is that?  HYPOCRIT> the military same then as now!
So the USA arms ISIS .....Then they Bomb them......Have you guys discussed Therapy???
Trump did not arm Isis. That fell under another group. It's about time someone does something to try to deter them.
I said the USA armed ISIS. Along with UK Israel and Saudi.....Then Bomb the Sh*t out of everyone in a 10 mile radius. WTF???
Only a nut job would be glad to see a bomb dropped - potentially killing hundreds of human beings indiscriminately.
Liar
To the tune of 16 million USD. Should keep defense vendors happy.
