Lindsey will tell you what he really thinks when McCain tells him what to say.
That you have the nerve to question someone else's political courage while you carry Trump's water...ludicrous.
Yeah you don't know it's true so why are you commenting on an obviously Fake News  story?

DEMS CONCOCTED

#RussianHacking to cover-up #SethRich murder
#Trump Russians collusion to protect ISIS

…
Sitting on the fence for so long must be really uncomfortable. You're going to have to take a stand at some point Lindsey.
Preoccupante perché Graham è folle...vuole "punire"Russia..LOL..e per che cosa?Fermate il deep state in USA, altrimenti sarà guerra
@realDonaldTrump said on national tv he fired Comey because of Russia investigation.. Why would you doubt this..
Seeing Trump yucking it up with the same Russian that laughed at your fellow American, that doesn't anger you to the core. It bothers me#vet
Hello? Didnt u hear McMaster? Or will your hatred of Trump stop you from now supporting him?
That's because they're covering up #SethRich Bombshell, Fake Russis story is Seth
Still not a peep on #MorningJoe about "tangible evidence" #SethRich was emailing @wikileaksjust wall-to-wall WaPo Russia FAKE NEWS! 
Nice answer. Hey, Have you ever lived in a Failed State? Venezuela looking good right now.
All due respect your 'tough talk' w/ no action on Trump rings more hollow w/ each passing day.  DO YOUR JOB.
Let's review: This man is fundamentally not right. Please help us.
Come on.
What is Senator @LindseyGrahamSC doing to find IF it is true? Who is minding the store here?
Newsflash, Mr. Graham.  It's true.
...and now that Trump and McMasters have confirmed...? 

We just accept their excuses for it......?
We know now, since he admitted it.  What's next? Please help us!
Lindsey, you guys are acting if someone other then y'all will handle the Trump situation tearing the country apart literally. No its YOU.

@LindseyGrahamSC  He did, Lindsey.  He documented it and went on with the investigation, like he should. https://twitter.com/nataliewsj/status/864606889795096576 …
@LindseyGrahamSC needs to grow some ballz. Man up dude & speak the truth. It was about country during Obama admin, now it's party line?Chump
Troubling is a very light way of putting it. Do you job!
What a coward
Another GOP cowardly reply.
The #WashingtonPost has a history of #accuracy. What's #trump's history on telling the #truth and accuracy? It matters.
but he will defend the idiot ...they all will ... the GOP stands for NOT AMERICAN !!!
Well Trump confirmed it now what you have to say?
The President tweeted this morning that the revelation is true. Time to grow a pair and act, Senator Graham!

That's the kind of weasel he is
Are you troubled yet, Senator?
Senator Graham, did you give your loyalty to Trump and forget the one you gave to the Constitution?
It's true by 45 tweets..Lindsey you all need to step up and defend this country .....DO YOUR JOB
Well, Trump tweeted this morning that it's true. Now what Graham going to do about it?
And if it's true, what are YOU going to do about it?  When is enough enough?  Be an American, please.
Trump just verified that WaPo was correct. Please, do something. You will be forever stained by this if you remain loyal.
There are transcripts, you have no excuse to hide behind this time, @LindseyGrahamSC
@LindseyGrahamSC Wake up! You're letting a psycho ruin our country for his ego. Get out there today and stand up for the Intel community!
Bobbleheads, you are all bobbleheads. #treason
Graham uses patriotism as a PR stunt to get votes.  He puts party politics over national security and the safety of the US people.

Lindsey Graham is lying.
@LindseyGrahamSC Just as troublesome if the IC hates him enough to fabricate a story like this. Either way, unfit.
I got 5 on @LindseyGrahamSC not doing shit.
Was he holding a mint julep at the time?
Wonder how many of the GOP are spineless and how many are being blackmailed.  It's either one or the other.
Profiles in Courage. I wonder if you would have have been merely "troubled" if 4,5 news agencies reporting HRC committed treason
Why wouldn't this be true. Look @POTUS track record! What are you going to do about this?? #PutCountryOverParty
go get a glass of milk!
Grow a pair and call for YOUR president to resign. His incompetence is endangering all of us.
I'm "troubled" when I find a skin tag on my dog.
It's true. Trump loves chaos and he's in over his head.
What's wrong with you? If Hilary Clinton did this you would have impeached her weeks ago! The majority of all VOTERS want impeachment!
But he will say that Russia's influence in the election didn't change the outcome. How could he know? Selective facts
Funny How Lindsey is Giving his Trump Clown a pass and convicted Clinton right away, Yup Lindsey defending his clown
.@LindseyGrahamSC What are you going to do to find out if it's true, Lindsey? #Resist #Impeach45 #RussiaGate
@LindseyGrahamSC You are an embarrassment to your party and country.
Sen. Graham, you need to be the voice of reason. It never ends. Daily Trump is undermining our country. Stop being partisan and be American!
@LindseyGrahamSC it's troubling really? This is a serious high crime, one thing after the other w Trump! Our Nation is at risk!
You KNOW it is true!! You just do not CARE!!!
What ELSE has he told PUTIN?  GOP DO NOTHING 2 REIGN IN TRUMP/EITHER..GIVE PUTIN A KEY 2 the WH or CLEAN HOUSE GOP 2018/2020 ..GUESS WHICH?
Is there not one republican in congress who will put country over party? This is a disgrace.
This is a little more than "troubling" and if that is all Graham can say, I am beginning to wonder where his loyalties lie.
Come out of the closet Graham quit pretending you don't know
Why would you doubt it given Trump's history.
Do better @LindseyGrahamSC.
I'm sure another hearing and subpoenas to ZERO INFORMATION
@LindseyGrahamSC we the people demand an investigation into high crimes by Trump, treason is a crime! We need accountability!
H.R. McMaster has now debunked the story.

Why doesn't Linsey have any comment on that?

We see you, Lindsey.
If you click your heels 3 times Senator, you’ll STILL find yourself in the middle of this circus.
troubling....wow don't be too aggressive @LindseyGrahamSC
Trump needs to be fitted with an ankle bracelet and confined to quarters until we can figure out what the hell is going on. Republicans Bad
.@LindseyGrahamSC is Kompromat, we can't trust the .@GOP or the .@Whitehouse since Trump took control. Lindsey will deflect and do nothing.
Lock em all up for the traitors they are
Good god, man, stop your crap right now or you'll be alone on a sinking ship - and then, I'll say "Bless your little heart"
Don't believe anything from WaPo with some US source 'familiar' with the situation. Anonymous blabbers of bs to msm...as usual.
What a hack he is
He knows better
https://twitter.com/peoples_pundit/status/864241592764334085 … Deep State
H.R. McMaster says WaPo story is fiction. We'll see. They've been known to write fictional stories in the past, here and there.
another fake news
Boom! But thanks for playing!

How many times are Republicans going to describe something as "troubling" before they grow a pair and stop protecting this train wreck
This is not surprising. It's @LindseyGrahamSC, one of the three biggest pussies in the @SenateGOP - behind @SenMajLeader and @SpeakerRyan.
You know the the WP is a rag! This is NOT true!

I finally figured out the cause of my chronic migraines. Every time he & McCain are concerned or troubled my brain tries to escape my skull.
The minute I listen to LG, WaPo, or any the other Never Trumper fake news outlets I'll commit myself for stupidity
If it's true I want hear "impeachment" out of your mouth. Country over buffoon.
Well if you don't know that it's true you should have some heat under your old butt & find the crap out!!! How's that? Make yourself useful
"Troubling"? That's it? I mean it isn't like @LindseyGrahamSC spent the afternoon on twitter calling Obama a wuss or anything.. Grow a pair!
This is the biggest WTF ever. Stop everything NOW & resolve this. No time to put in the basket of 45's-insanities. NOW
78% of Americans want an independent investigation....do your job!
Something tells me it's true. If so, Senator Graham, please rise to the moment! #CountryOverParty
Senator, as part of your oath of office, isn't it your responsibility to FIND OUT if it's true? #StopTheInsanity
Is it only "troubling"? Really? #republicansagainsttrump #treasonoustrump #russiagate #traitor #Trumprussia
What the hell???  When, WHEN are the republicans going to finally admit that they have played a dangerous hand and it will not serve them???
"Troubling, if true"..the phrase you get 9 out of 10 times you pull the string on the talking @LindseyGrahamSC doll
Yep. And that's troubling because it is true. @LindseyGrahamSC
It is true. I thought you & McCain were the moral center of GOP. Your silence is deafening. You are complicit.
Because they're establishment embedded NeoCons, not true GOP. They're globalist socialists. Think of China's political structure
How about '(mildly) nauseating' if true? How about 'f'ing awful' if true?  'Troubling' doesn't  really cover it, Lindsey.
Troubling news to be answered with thoughts and prayers
Next question: "If it's true, would it be only troubling?"
Graham needs to take a Stanislavsky class because that is just not how "if" works
Hate to tell you, @LindseyGrahamSC, its very probably true and you know it. Also do we now not trust WaPo for some reason?
What would make him feel better? If kellyanne denies it? Would that do?
And what does Lindsey plan to do to confirm?  When it turns out the report is true, what will Lindsey do next?
did he say he was going to look into it,Or did he ask for additional proof like on his Russian business ties before he would try subpoena
Then Senator Graham needs to find out ASAP whether or not it is true. Ball is in his court.
Don't worry, the whole thing was recorded!
@LindseyGrahamSC I'm sick of my party, party of Lincoln my ass!
Wow. They're troubled. That should do it.
maybe @LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain should find out stat? 
So INVESTIGATE ffs
Talk is cheap, Senator Graham
Senator - how many "troubling if true" reports have to happen before the Senate takes a stand against this president?
Only way to know if they're true is to onboard a vision, hearing, logic, and moral compass systems.

Stand by.
Who is Mr. Lindsey going to ask... the President?
Have Lester Holt interview him after Spicer and Conway deny it. He'll admit his call, important to share with Russian bosses... er allies.
oh look! a brand new troll!
Lmao sometimes Lindsey is just trolling everyone
=circular argument
If it is true they when need to fully investigate it
Oh, it's true. Trump had to show his Russian bosses he's really the president.
i can't crack this riddle
Another mental giant. Useless. But her emails.
1 down
