Trump, Putin & Assad. What a trio.
Funny thing is you think of yourself as a benevolent and well-informed person =)
on this we agree
Yes, but at who's request? Trump and Putin? https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/849840674736226309 …
Trump won't cross Putin.
Because of the hop support for Russia Assad.
You know a lot of Trump supporters wouldn't agree with you?
Yes, so what do you think should be done about it?
Good question @LindseyGrahamSC Focus! #DoYourJob
Get out of Syria!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow, you're SMART. UGH
Right. And Putin supports Assad, but Trump blamed America for the gas attack. Open your eyes and take action against Trump.
saudi-arabia supports isis and kills dozens of people in yemen every day.
you support them.
There is no doubt in MY mind all you want is WW3 #Warmongers #Warmachine
Trump said Kushner would defeat ISIS in 30 days, by himself. Remember? Ugh. Ppl forget about THAT ONE.
It's not enough to believe that they were responsible for the attack the United States elected representatives must craft a response
All talk no action.
We should stay out of it
What evidence do we have? Reports were made hours after the attack. We have destroyed enough countries in the Middle East already. STOP IT
Agree, what is US response to this tragedy? Blame Obama?? "Get along" w Russia who supports Assad?? When will Congress act?
You need to speak louder
why is there no doubt in your mind? It seems like what everyone wants us to believe so that makes me concerned.
Of course Assad did. Tillerson & Trump gave it the green light a few days ago when they backed Assad. (Probably at Putin's request.)
Think they would have done that with Obama at the helm?
Yet you voted against helping Syrians in 2013 when Obama requested Congressional support. Now you care?
Yes, and your president said he would do against Assad immediately prior to the attacks.  Today he blames Obama.  Shame on you, Senator.
This shouldn't be an issue, at least not ours. Immigration, trade reform, Jobs,etc. those are our issues.

Where is your proof! Why would Assad gas his people after an announcement of US policy change to have Assad stay in power?
And, no worries. Trump will fail this test, also. He'll show his ass, like he does on everything.
maybe this time Congress will vote to do something this time.
what will be done. Nothing?
Evidence ?  #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Where did they get the gas?
What do you think we should do?
Seems insane - even for him - that he would do it in the face of the relaxed US/EU attitudes to his staying. Be sure b4 war
And the response from @Potus ...blame Obama.  @realDonaldTrump SAD and @LindseyGrahamSC has hitched his wagon to this Buffon.  Thanks...
Duh. You're a genius Lindsey. Remember when you stood in the way of Obama war powers to fight ISIS?
Assad carried out these attacks because he sensed WEAKNESS and support from Trump (& Putin)
Maybe the Secretary of State shouldn't have given him the wink and nod saying he should STAY
Blaming @BarackObama too?
Are the Russians behind this  attack too?  Bannon strange exit related with that?  Bannon did something wrong without Trump approved?
& POTUS blamed Obama. U should be ashamed that ur supporting him while he allies with Russia. Do u have any decency left?
How convenient.
This lies entirely at the feet of the GOP and 45 all of whom said do nothing.
It makes no sense whatsoever that Assad would start using chemical weapons.
2/3 ...the US and the coalition of the warmongers would militarily intervene in Syria. Assad said he will not use chemicals. And he hasn't.
1/3 john Kerry made it absolutely clear a few years back that if Assad used chemical weapons,
Syria is winning the ground war, In fact, the worse possible thing Assad could do is use chemical weapons.
No doubt that the crimes of bulshed, ataks on irak . killing towsends of inocents,no relation whit Vin laden, is no Orrific,is mission acomp
Just get us out is Syria
BTW, do you remember a few years ago, when Congress basically wouldn't let President Obama bomb Syria?

Pepperidge Farm remembers.
So who will your boss blame besides Obama?
With Russia's help
He needs to be arrested and tried and one charge is continued genocide.
you were there then!!
Actually it was Putin flexing his  on sanctions, putting your leader on notice.... time to Man up Lindsey!!!
And yet your buddy Trump has no plan other than to blame Obama.
I hope you regret your vote for Tillerson.Enjoy working with SOS Kushner. These people stand for the opposite of you and McCain.Grow a pair.
Did Russia supply the chemicals???
What are you going to do about it? More than tweet? Or whatever Trump tells you?
Well tell the Clueless duo of Trump and Tillerson because they think the Syrian people can speak for themselves
They did!! And y'all wouldn't let Obama step up bombing in 2013. You are complicit.
Whew! Senator Graham back to sanity!
So allying with Putin a good idea, right?
So what are you going to do about it. Congress did nothing when Obama asked Congress to authorize action. Congress did nothing, as usual.
And yet, you & @GOP sit back & allow #faux45 destroy our DoS! U continue 2 push party politics b4 PATRIOTISM! Stand up, do the right thing!
But you don't care so maybe keep zipped about it.
And you participated in enabling it.  If you had a soul, that might occur to you.
WTF are we going to do about it? We are Putin fufflers.  Get the knee pass out for Congress & the Senate.
"There is no doubt in my mind [insert] Sadam Hussein has weapons of mass destruction"
So what are you going to do about it?
Dear Pres-would-be, your mind must be connected to God's recently, on Russiagate & Assad. Previously, it disdained #POTUS claim of Wiretap.
and you are so sure that Trump will destroy isis - how, while he is in bed with Russia and Assaad?
The GOP can have the candy store now.We all see that. But the costs, here&abroad should too high for anyone w/ a conscience.
So, what's our collective next move, Senator?
So what should be done? More nothing is most likely since @POTUS is owned by Putin and co
So many of us feel helpless-our humanitarian aid&leadership no longer reflect what America should always represent.
Huh what exactly did Obama do about chemical attack? Oh I remember nothing whatsoever but give a billion to Iran and let Russia takeover.
Obama asked congress if they wanted to do more+they didn'http://t.You  defend Trump in way he will never care abt you.
And who is bff's with Assad? Putin .  And who's buddies with Putin? Drum roll please ......... tat tat tat Trump of course.
Oh, Lindsey is a major friend of Russia himself.  He claims otherwise, but his actions speak loud & clear
Potus will never speak out against Putin. How does it feel to be under a Russian Stooge? #usefulidiot
Please tell Pres. Trump no time for blaming. This happened on his watch. Now, the world is watching him - and us.
What is the proof? How does Assad gain by this? He loses.

It seems the only ones to gain are al-Qaeda rebels, CIA, and military industry.
Then how can you stand with a administration that says Assad isn't a priority? This is another Russian test
Backed by Russia. What are you going to do about it?
And if we want to act in the name of humanity, that isn't going to happen with a President that can find no wrong with Putin ever.
"You’re going to ruin the judiciary...I like the idea of having to reach across the aisle." - You in 2015, wanting a 60-vote threshold.
"Cause what you’re doing is you’re turning judicial appointments over to the hardest of the hard within each caucus.”http://www.politico.com/story/2015/01/filibuster-trial-balloon-goes-bust-114669 …
So what are we going to do about it?
