you keep bad company Evil man
God deal harshly with you
your silent on health care in a state so many are uninsured
@GrahamBlog do you scrub McCain's back when you 2 bathe together?
so u luv fake news, Faker
u were sitting during my Presidents speech, do you have an excuse to this insult to me?????? May God judge u
is this the moment when you sold out to Trump. Or did I miss that moment? What about investigating #russiagate? emoluments?
@ZiffyKat
Always Against and bitter; SAD he is South Carolina's voice that's MISSING THE USA Needs
As a SC constituent, my daughter has been waiting 6 years to move from UK, no amnesty until process cases like hers
Sen McCain is my hero . Lost brother in 1966 VN you both r my heroes thanks Sen Graham for all u do God Bless You!!!!!
Wow, one speech and everything is dandy! Not for us, we're still terrified. If you embrace, you go down when he falls. #Sad

looking forward to watching you two tonight. What a team!!!!!!!
Traitor to Trump.  Warmonger.  TRAITOR
how about his ties to Russia and his tax returns? Senator Graham, please be a voice of reason!
you're the reason we need term limits! Once the swamp starts draining, you're out!!!
I have $upported you in last but never again. FU & your passive aggressive Trump bashing. FU.
your a dip sh!+ 
he didn't hav to serve my brother was killed in VN 1966 God help us how could he feel the hurt,
Think all people in Congress should release tax returns and records of all donations
I expect the dems  to do what they are but we must vote this idiot out
@POTUS needs your help,#BetterDaysAhead #ForAll
Don't be fooled by the con man you saw last night. Not authentic!
@SenJohnMcCain  when you accept that you cannot be as successful as other peopleJoin 'em #TrumpTrain 
I will give you 3 out 4
To work with him first thing you have to do is take the knife out of his back!
healthcare?
More money at the State Dept. oh stop freeze at military bases. Spouses can't find work. Hurts military family
Then STOP undermining him at every turn. We, your constituents, are sick of it! (Looks like all of your fans are liberals.)
No help by you RINO!!!  Enjoy cnn!  You'll be in your element!!!
it seems it took just 1 tweet for you to abandon that bipartisan call. #Nonpartisan  #FakeLeadership #Warmonger #Hypocrite
keep loving those dems, you and John boy! You both get so many democratic responders! They believe in you!
yeah, but saying his budget is "dead on arrival", that doesn't sound like you're working with the President. Just sayin'.
@SenateGOP  Wouldn't it be nice to look yourself in the mirror again? Get his tax returns! #investigateTrump #saveACA
you mean confirmation of the judge that should have been @POTUS44 pick? That judge?
and help the middle class?
and throw Grandma under the bus, and let bridges collapse, and let the jobless rot. USA! Rah!
have you noticed it's almost all libs that follow you now. LMAO
Add to law-breaking/conflicts, installed white supremacists in WH. As southerner sensible to history, please don't condone.
Until his manifold conflicts of interest at home and abroad are transparent, 1/2 country will rightly view as illegitimate
it's kind of funny to espouse bipartisanship while calling for exclusively conservative judges
PHIL stop using reason and logic!!  You are going to confuse him.
aND Russian investigation and tax returns and we are good
So now the message is to work together. But the message over the last 8 years was no. No 1st, 2nd, always. Why? Why? Why?
FakeMessage@
#Russia #EmolumentsClause China trade mark is one of many.
.Thank.you.Sir..for.your.Fidelity..?.
.to."The.Non.Protected.CLASS."?.
to do that you'd sell the country?
How about investigating Russian interference in the election?
"Rebuild" the military?? WHAT? REBUILD infrastructure, rebuild wages, keep ACA, BUILD RENEWABLE jobs/energy #WRONGWAYGOP
COME ON, LINDS !! You actually hate this. Rebuild WHAT? Inventing $54B of needs while you're cutting human services.
you need to retire - get us a new senator NOT married to MCCAiN & just go away
Military big enough. Not at the expense of everything else do I want to see it increased.  Big taxpayer here.
He is sowing hate everywhere and you know it.
- the exact moment when you sold out. Thanks twitter for documenting it.
John McCain & u could help get all of that done & repeal Obamacare if u would only get behind our #POTUS & rep us properly.
don't normalize POTUS.  1.  Birther movement 2. tax returns and clear conflict of interest.
Amen! In no way is "PRESIDENT IN TRAINING"! Is normal in anyway! 
Be your better self.
shouldn't you want to appoint judges who interpret the law well regardless of whether they are "conservative"?
How ya planing on doing that, senator? The budget you voted for adds 9 trillion to the debt. 
Fiscal conservatives, my ass
And as for your conservative judge, how can you confirm anyone appointed by a man who might be a traitor?
We need an independent commission, to make sure he didn't collude with Russia before you vote on a new SCOTUS.
Anything less would be a slap in the face to the rule of law, decency,  the constitution, and the integrity of the US.
cmon Graham. The militarys not broken and you know it. Def contractors always want more $$ though
you sat in the senate for a whole YEAR with an empty seat on the bench.  Why the rush NOW!!!!!!!!!
Look at the reality of Russia influence in the US.
.@LindseyGrahamSC how will he enact his agenda while cutting g taxes across the board? Will Gazprom be investing?
don't. Just don't. You're above him stay there
but first repeal Obamacare (i.e., open your political wrists).
