Ok Sen Graham declare McCarthy style hearings are called for. Then U & Shep can go take a long warm shower.
Can't stand listening to ur lying, traitorous mouth.
We need less talk & more action! When will u actually DO anything for ur constituents & US?
Good job Senator!
Last two people on earth I want to listen too!
Then why are you posting here?
He is one of the biggest purveyor of fake news out there. He plays fast and loose with facts.
, Shepard has definitely spent his shelf life. He needs to move on, we're tired of him.
Agreed 100%
Please give the news we have been waiting for...announce your resignation RHINO!!!!!  #TermLimits
The same Trump hating Shep? Meh.
Schumer is probably a Russian spy.  What else could he be?  Fight him!  Fight him hard!
Dems, i.e., Schumer must know Russia loves this garbage over Sessions.  What does that make Schumer?
Shep should be working at CNN
Mr. Graham why don't you and McCain join the democRATS and just stop talking shit about our POTUS.
you and #McCain  will not send my grandson to #war #Oil #MSNBC #CNN #perjury #treason #DNC #RNC #SaveACA
#ACA has only gotten better for the poor
Don't take from the poor and give to the rich. I've always worked.
Lindsey I have Great Faith & Confidence in you & appreciate your comment to Shep who in one day knows all
Session meets Russian Ambassador in office Clinton meets AG Lynch in plane and dismisses everyone who hides?
Lindsey, did you misplace the Social Security money? Find it and pay it back to account it belongs!
you are so hated and Lindsey did stand with election outcome
How about  work on Healthcare for the people do your dam job not just running to get on TV
You & Shep have the same agenda, destroy Trump. Looking forward to when you are voted out Trump will prevail
I'd rather eat dirt.
you didn't explain the deductible in #ACA correctly. Mine was 6 grand the 1st year too.that's the MAX I pay
Senator, it wasn't an interview. it was a 3rd degree badgering of you, from a Left-wing lunatic Shepard Smith
couldn't agree with you more today Lindsay
FAKE NEWS CHANNEL. SAD
Please keep pushing for recusal & independent investigation. Also, he lied under oath - that's a crime.
isn't he Democratics buddy with all their dirty game!! Not interested turning u off or change channels
tell him that colluding with Russians is Wrong and impeachable #impeachtrump
on another matter moving Shep to 4:00 am PST would do wonders for FOX ratings.
pay attention america as you witness shepard smith partake in espionage against an elected president
Nothing that I will enjoy NOT watching more!
U & McCAIN JUMP ON TRUMP ALWAYS INSTEAD OF BEING HAPPY THE GOP HAS A PRES.- NOT ONE OF U WOULD HAVE BEAT HRC?
Why are the two of you against making America great.  Bengasi is a true problem, swept under the rug
could care less what you say, you and McCain are on a Trump witch hunt because you're 2 spoiled brats!
That would make two "useful idiots" in the same room at the same time.!
Oh here's a good team. Lindsey Graham and Shepherd Smith. Two peas n a pod. Go get McCain 3 SCUMBAGS together
you two are a perfect pair.  I won't be watching
I refuse to watch either of you.
Did you rant abt Obama commenting on being flexible after the election to Russians
Dumbest show on cable "news"
unless Sessions met the Russian dip in a private jet on tarmac with no one else present, no need to resign.
graham and shep deserve each other turn to another channel whenever either comes on

Graham was at 2016 Bilderberg conference in Dresden. One issue was support Clinton He is doing his part. NWO
Will you be discussing your semi-seditious behavior and that of your colleagues Mr. McCain.
Shep you need to quit showing too much bias towards @realDonaldTrump its clearly evident you don't like Trump
No thanks. You seem to be as BSC about Russia as Shep is.
Oh great... birds of a feather... watch Graham rat his GOP brother while Smith gets chills up his leg.
Shep needs to recuse himself from talking about Trump his hatred of Trump is huge.
AG Sessions having press conference in 40 mins.
OMG-Invite McCain & U traitors can cry over Hillary loss & Plot how 2 overthrow Trump. 
once again Shephards pol ideology gets in the way of journalism. Sessions answered the question asked.
Shepard all Russians in thes country should be considered spy's. I'm a simple man, I've known that since CUBA
Shep you and the Dems constantly starting controversies. Ask AG direct questions he did not lie
..how about surprising us with some credible words that give us hope for the future of our country?
WHO CARES what LINDSEY GRAHAM has to say??? Proven traitor to Trump. Does he think Dems will take him?
Why u look better on CNN. That fits more with your ideologic views!
Good time to change the channel
no one cares. Gram needs to step down, your passed family vets if any, would beat you smart hopefully
CNN and Shep. Great forums to criticize POTUS lol. People really like and respect you lol.
not many people watch Shep's show anymore.  Just look at the cable news show ratings -NO Shep in the ratings!
FUCK SHEP AND LINDSEY GRAHAM
Hard Pass.. Shep is a complete Liberal hack.. and by Golly you're not much different.
he was on CNN yesterday with McCain having an oprah moment
how can you say Sessions lied on the air? That's not been determined. You need to calm down until facts come.
Lindsey Graham is a damn democrat and Queer.
oh please go to work  stop this craziness about session
please say you support resignation by #sessions
tune to hear you snivel like a gutless coward?? #StandWithSessions 
@ShepNewsTeam
Sessions did not lie! Damn Shep go to CNN
wont tune in, you are a FRAUD same as McLame
Boycott Shepard & especially RINO Graham.
another reason not to watch shep Smith as if you needed one
no interest in watching you or McCain or Shep for that matter just admit your a Democrat liberal enough
Maybe Sessions needs to investigate Graham and McCain. Liars. Snakes. Support your party
when u speak to fox why dont u try and tell the truth about Session...would be nice
NO WAY, nothing but negative Trump talk from both of you
here's a chance at some honesty and integrity, senator. let's see if you pass the test.
u r a disgrace
Stand w/ Trump! Dems Need to focus their energy on working with Trump not being obstructionist!
Grow up and do the jobs you are being paid for not smearing innocent people let them govern
I  @ShepNewsTeam  @jeffSessions needs to at least recuse. He was at minimum misleading. Resignation OK too
you are military complex crook!
listen, unless you're calling on Sessions to resign, we're not interested. show some courage.
he doesn't have a reason to resign fool
how about you get to work for the American people instead of worrying yourself with the BS!
Gag, cough, puke! The & the snark!
Goodness. Since I hate you even more than Shepard, it's a sure thing I won't tune in.Two disloyal 'Pat' types
Base VOTERS r counting on @LindseyGrahamSC 2stop corrupt Trump/Bannon policies-increase TAX 4 poor& 13% decrease 4 Rich=WRONG
Trump has advisors like BANNON & MILLER who should have NEVER been in White House in any capacity, ever
INCREASING TAX 4 single parent & families w/3+ children while giving a 13% TAX decrease 2 Rich is Very Wrong
not interested
I hope you are ready to be an American first and a republican second. Its time...
will you mention the missing healthcare bill?
When will you call on Trump to release his taxes?
yea, shep....the lost stooge!
Yes! Watching Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM, before I go to post office again today.
claire straight up lied to the american people.
Shep is good but go on @maddow you would be worth your weight in gold! As a Democrat I know what I speak.
lowlifes all
can't take you or the libtard Shep! What foolish thing will you say to harm the party today on live tv?
better stick up for jeff or you'll be looking foolish in a day or two.
Will you be bringing a fresh perspective to Fox News?
That's not fair. He actually knows what Fox News does.
