you jokers haven't even read the bill.  just ram it through no matter who it hurts, OR KILLS!   none of you are worth a damn.
That's on you guys.  Maybe not 100%, but in the 90%ish range definitely.
History doesn't reward political victories, it rewards improvements in the human condition
But the ACA *was* the compromise. Some wanted UHC, some wanted poor people to die in the streets. Compromise was Obamacare.
Tell it to McConnell. Remember the the Party of No? "Our job-make sure he doesn't get relected. You refused to work with Obama for 8 years.
Are you f---king delusional. This vote has deepened and widen the chasm between the parties. Only bipartisan you'll get is voting u out.
Taking health insurance away from the people who need it most is not a negotiating tool.
I believe hell will freeze over before GOP does anything in a bipartisan manner. Why don't you work in a bipartisan manner to fix it?
Lindsey, you horrible thing, you should have been working with Democrats for the last 7 years. Lazy, lazy liar.
Who else in the world of any industrialized country not provide it for the people.  This is pure greed.  We spend more now and get less?
How many people die in the meantime?
LOL - you are mistaking Senator Graham for a patriot who loves this country and the people in it.
Why didn't you work to fix The ACA?
The republicans would rather the ACA fail to look better than worry about people who need the insurance.
It will collapse if Congress and Trump make it to collapse by withholding money.

TYRANNY.  

you're a tyrant, and you disgust me
Rather than work with Dems on reforming healthcare, you'd rather plat politics? The sick are not a bargaining chip, or did you forget Jesus?
You can't be conservative and Christian. They are diametrically opposed.
You are telling a lie
Maybe. Or maybe both parties need to get over themselves and do what is needed to provide for the common good.
If you and the Congress were not actively working to kill the ACA it might be fixed but you don't want that, no money for the rich in that.
how about in the meantime, the GOP doesn't jam a terrible alternative down America's collective throat!! #KillTheBill
Your actions are meeting the party goals, but history is going to ROAST your asses.  You want your name to be in the history books?  It will
Tell your Rep friends in the house. They can't even spell compromise.
Both parties will work together when we get rid of the corrupt politicians from both parties.
Can you tell us about your healthcare and your colleagues?  The best one can get with low deductibles and low premiums?
because God forbid you should improve it and be proactive.  you are all LOSERS!
#SHAME
you lost any ground to stand on when you blocked everything for 6 yrs.  Like Ivanka & Co, you are complicit in the downfall of us all. SHAME
Oh here we go with the threats again. You are despicable.
aren't you a little late to this game? Bipartisanship could ALWAYS have made ACA better
But who cares --insurance rates are not going down and insurance execs get paid for that thing profit margin.
The Dems did it so now you guys will do it too.  Vote out something so many oppose.  That does not matter to anyone u there in Washington.
So you are in agreement w/ President Trump who also holds to this strategy?  TO prove what?  Wrong is wrong.
This seems like a thoughtless post!  Sorry...stressed  folks may collapse over this.  But no congressional insurance will collapse?
Some folks might collapse instead - what is that about.  It reads badly Senator.  What about those who are getting coverage & will lose?
You have worked tirelessly for Obamacares collapse so drop the bipartisan act
Again, I fail to understand why it canto be fixed and a new bill drafted that is agreed by both parties? Let it collapse..
I pray all do the right thing but have little confidence.but give it a good try Senator. Bipartisan effort is needed on this issue! Own it!
I do not consider u insensitive but for those not so, rules for the people ought to apply to Congress when it comes to health.  Humanity!
Also, I have read that congress is exempt from the dire consequences of the law.  So that too is wrong, if true!  That is plainly wrong!!!!
822,000+ in SC with pre existing conditions...can they afford insurance.  No confidence SC will not waive essential services! no games!
People with health issues are terrified.  That should matter.  It should not take collapse to do this.  That hurts those you serve.
I fear it may take @LindseyGrahamSC 's collapse before SC will see some decent leadership in the Senate. #votelindseygrahamout
Too bad about all the people who will die while you're watching things explode.
You 'believe'....why don't you ask some Democrats before you assume.  Don't you ever talk to each other.
Hi Kettle, I'm Pot. Nice to meet you.
Voting the devil aka @realDonaldTrump bill through is declaring war on the American ppl you can't just protect the wealthy. That's not right
I think Dems will be very willing to work with Repubs if the replacement is single payer.
You may be right Senator, but let's not forget who could've started fixing Obamacare during the last 6 years! #nolabels -two way street
after 8 years of zero bipartisan cooperation.  How dare you.
So sad. Thank you for supporting President Trump!
Shame on you. That's like saying we shouldn't fix an old bridge until after it collapses, killing hundreds. Shame on you!
Like you did with Obama! Shut up hypocrite! U & Cruz rate right up there with the problem in the rep party!
Come on, Senator. Stop acting like the @GOP is any more ready to be bipartisan than the Dems. Today's $2 trillion boondoggle was criminal.
This makes no sense!Millions of Americans at risk!Why must House & Senate let #ACA collapse when you can amend it!Try #CARING a little more!
the GOP has done nothing to reach out and work with Dems, I don't see that changing.
Democrats will never work in bipartisan manner as long as Mr Trump is in office. Your smarter then this tweet.
Yes everyone will get together and sing "Kumbaya"! Most in your party will never compromise. But Most of what ppl hate in Ocare: R ideas.
Funny - how similar that sounds to what Trump has been saying. #VoteNoAHCA
Have you tried reaching across the aisle? @SenatorCollins has with success. Learn from a woman.
#VoteNoAHCA
Your party has made that impossible. See: Last 4 years.
And how are you contributing to that end Sir? This is not about party it's about people. #getittogether
After 8 years of completely refusing to work with Obama, you accuse the Dems of partisanship? Get a clue. The GOP is wrecking the US
That's BS you sabotaged the ACA
Blowhard, you haven't tried to work with Democrats.  I can't believe the state of the American congress, and you are not helpful
If by "collapse" you mean "sabotage."  Yeah let's work with the GOP *eyeroll*
GOP controls the government. go ahead and pass something. You can't always hide behind democrats and Obama for ur failure
Your party's integrity is on life support, Senator Graham. Should we just let it collapse? Unplug the machines? I vote yes. #AHCA #TrumpCare
That's rich. This is your fault. You are a partisan hack.
I guess you lot over at the GOP don't need affordable care if you have no freakin heart or soul. Utterly shameful and disgusting.
murderer
Your thinking here is wrong. Where was the bipartisan work before. ACA is trash
@HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan proved they dont care how mny VOTERS Lose HealthCare-Now thank @realDonaldTrump 4 the #PoliticalSuicide #TrumpCare2
But you guys sabotaged Obamacare for political points. What hope do Americans have? The ACA already was a version of a republican plan.
Exactly!
Where in the Constitution is this "60" vote Senate requirement? Why not change the rules? Open the levee, drain the place or just carry on.
the "new" bill will collapse before Obamacare does. We don't need a new bill. Just fix the old one and take credit for it..
At whose expense????!!!
No sir it will take GOP realizing that the ACA isn't all bad and should be fixed instead of  thrown out just b/c GOP didn't come up with it.
Actually GOP think tank dud come up with much of it: based on Romney-care. The hated mandate...O care was compromise. Single payer better.
No, that would take term limits.  So long as they are worried about re-election, they're not going to work for the country, only the parties
So why is taking away pre-existing coverage NOT good enough 4 all Americans but JUST GOOD ENOUGH 4 CONGRESS members. Something is wrong here
You guys are so thoughtless. You don't get it. This is really going to hurt people. A lot of people.
You REALLY think trumpcare is going to be better!?!?!?
Your party is sabotaging a healthy ACA and claiming it is collapsing on its own. Using as excuse to harm your own constituents. Shame.
You're in deep shit, Senator. Deep, deep.
I think JFK said "Compromise doesn't equal DEFEAT"
it wouldn't collapse if Repubs would do your job and put people before party.  You relished in its failure - you caused it
Your job should be to fix the ACA, not destroy it. We will hold you, and anyone else who worked against this, accountable for that.
If this passes the senate I will do everything I can in midterms to votes these assholes out
So do nothing, we'll see who's right. I'll bet it does not collapse, except in Republican states that the governor has tried to kill it.
Obama adopted Romney's MA healthcare plan in order to present a bipartisan solution to healthcare.  You misread the lesson for Dems.
UNIVERSAL healthcare is what americans deserve. We are the only so-called advanced society that doesn't provide it for our citizens. Come on
I believe you should resign for the good citizens of South Carolina.
I take the opposite lesson from the collapse of Romneycare -- In hubris Republicans have forgotten how the pendulum swings.
What a way to Govern you have been an obstructionist too long Lindsey!
Or you Rs could have come to the table when ACA was being formed instead of calling it Socialism and Obama's Waterloo
And I'm sure you'll do everything in your power to make sure it collapses. This is TrumpCare now you'll own it gets through the senate
Can you champion transparency in medical COSTS? Find a D to co-sign, and shine a light on costs. Imagine the possibility! Daylight works.
I mean pricing. Costs to consumers.
I believe it may take the GOP's total collapse before Republicans get wise.
This is really disappointing for all of the "real people" this will affect.
Wrong. Dems will never work with your illegitimate president.
Your analysis does not make those this decision affects feel better, heartless.
There is no bipartisan with the GOP .Your too worried about the kick backs your getting.Enjoy your power Karma will get all of you
How many people have to suffer illness without treatment, choose between food for thier kids or doctors vi
Visits, go into bankruptcy or die before our legislators will work together for a solution? Instead partisanship always wins.
What is your healthcare plan?
Will NEVER happen
And what do you fucking suggest I do with the health my family of 4 (soon to be 5) in the meantime?? We rely on the ACA.
If GOP would have worked with DEMS to FIX IT ALL THESE YEARS ?? Again, hypocritical much? This Blood on all  hands who voted YES.
Skip the bipartisan crap .You have done nothing but kiss and defend Trump lately,your Susan Rice crap to cover up Trump Treason is sick

Seven years of anti-ACA instead of fixing it with a more coherent plan might have something to do with that.
Why don't you work to fix the ACA? That would be the responsible adult thing to do.
You have a lot of nerve. You Republicans are the ones who refuse to compromise with the Democrats and you know it.
When is the last time your reached across the aisle to work on a healthcare plan that benefits ALL Americans & not just the ins. companies?
Can't wait to decide between sending my child to college and paying for prescriptions. SHAME ON YOU.
it's working for the people that need it and use it. Listen to your constituents instead of ur so called leader.
U believe,  not enough, not going 2 happen
Stop spreading lies. We all know why Obamacare does not thrive in red states. Embarrassing yourself.
I think it would just take CBO scores and slow, deliberate legislation...
You guys can't possibly believe your own transparent bullshit.
You legacy is the death of Americans.
SO DON'T LET IT COLLAPSE. *FIX* IT
Or a republican replacement that is actually an improvement on Obamacare
You might be right but its sad that republicans have turned down Democrats offer for the last 7-8 years to improve the ACA
Since it won't collapse (assuming POTUS doesn't collapse it), what ELSE will it take to get the parties to work together?
The ACA *WAS NOT COLLAPSING*. You can stop with that lie. The @GOP has been chiseling it away. IT'S ON YOUR PARTY 100%
maybe you should quit blaming Dems and dividing everyone like the president
What about the human beings who lose access to necessary health care in the meantime?
Senator, this bill, as written, is unconscionable. Please vote against it.
D's have wanted to work on it for 7 years - R's have thrown the Repeal Hissy Fit...
