OK. But what about toddlers with guns, who clearly pose a much greater threat?
lawnmowers. who knew?!
traumatized women/children fleeing war zones have more import than a credit app
travel ban will not make us safer. And if we are prioritizing based on lives gun control #1
you missed my point. I agree to both of yours.
sorry. Was responding to the post above
no worries. the dystopia's wearing us all out.
it's time to say that health care is not a right and Govt. can't pay for it.  People are not stupid.
It does nothing of the sort and you know it. ID 1 change needed to current, exhaustive vetting.
so now you are on the trump train? I was starting to think you and McCain were the only sane GOP. Guess I was wrong...
What is different this ban still targets Muslims. We are tired of the horse and pony GOP show. Get testicular fortitude
this will only serve as a recruitment tool for ISIS
@ConservativeGM @mpfrog @LindseyGrahamSC
not quite, just a realist who studied conflict resolution. 2b muslims > 300m cons
plus our constitution and I personally believe in freedom of religion.
have you ever met a Muslim?
you know who else is tirelessly fighting isis in syria? Iran! But yet they're included on the #muslimban
Disengenuous beyond belief!
Country before politics. You will position yourself extremely well standing up to Trump when called for. Thank you!!
we don't need a ban on Muslims to keep America safe.  What we need is our leaders to stop bombing them.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @GOP Boston Marathon bombers were Russian immigrants.Why isn't Russia on ban list?!&Saudi Arabia for 9/11?! #GOP_Hypocrisy
Please note: 1990-2015: 39 attacks from Islamist-inspired extremism vs 178 incidents motivated by far-right extremism.
WRONG!  Ban only derides our American values & emboldens ISIS.  Lindsey, you know better.  Be the patriot we need you to be
Azerbaijan. The foreign version of RICO. Drumpf a minor money-launderer for mafia Donny Putin. Wilbur's mid-level laundry.
OMG
Wow, did he sell you the Brooklyn Bridge as well?  He negotiated you guys into dealing with the devil.
What will you do to keep us safe from POTUS?
You are just another lap dog for Donald Trump.
you know who hasn't presented ANY terrorist threats to the US in God knows how long? Any Iranian Visa holder at all!
- when was the last time your state went 24 hours without a shooting involving other Americans?  Take away handguns.
What nonsense. Stand up for what is right, or go away.
I guess with Electoral College you can still win with the same 50 votes. Republicans will go homer country at war.
because there have been so many attacks from abroad.  Try white males in USA.
legal or not; still UNETHICAL
there's an awful famine happening right now in Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, but that's their problem, right?
I was proud to call you my senator the last time you opposed the #muslimban now I can't wait to vote you out!
Aww. It seems you neglected to read the new EO. Feel free to point out what bothers you so much. #MuslimBan
makes sense. You loosen the gun laws so homegrown nuts can get them while trying to keep out anybody who might be nutty.
#CIA is spying on all of us:"#WikiLeaks publishes huge trove of CIA spying documents..." http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/gadgets-and-tech/news/wikileaks-cia-vault-7-julian-assange-year-zero-documents-download-spying-secrets-a7616031.html …
why don't you "share" supporting our President. Stop backbiting
Would this EO violate FS 1152 (a)(1)(A) preventing the discrimination based on country of origin?
https://youtu.be/MUW8vWWqrFI 
Trump & the Corleones of the Caspian->Trump's #Azerbaijan hotel deal->Please refer to The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
I am starting an independent investigation. " Senator do deny, that at least once   , McCain didn't say "Trump is batshit"
what will you do about mass shootings conducted by white men? Your statement should be you're afraid of brown people.
I would love to know what you really think of Trump. I would bet anything you know he is a crazy, lying con man. Ax him!
are you and the other Repubs going to keep our country safe from Trump?
-  shame on you. You know this EO is total bullshit. It's too bad you're not a better person. So disappointing.
Lindsey, you guys better cut the puppet strings and start working on America. Trump is off the rails, DC a mess, listen!
Trump could not care less about America. You know that. Stop pretending. Here is your chance to make history. Save the US.
how does providing our enemy with not only propaganda, but proof of our prejudice make us safer? 0 attacks. Fact #travelban
Senator, just stop. You have lost all credibility.
How are you going to stop the "White American" terrorists? They killed more citizens here than ISIL!
I think this will make it more dangerous for Americans to travel.  I am picturing a series of Achille Lauro events.
Thanks for putting targets on our backs!  Also, this is going to hurt tourism to the United States.  Don't you know about
"The Trump Slump?"  People are already boycotting travel to the U.S.  White Nationalism is bad for business, Senator!
@postandcourier ugh

Et tu Brute
you need to find a new job. What crap!
disappointing
Funny how those countries also don't have a Trump hotel?! GOP, you're being roped into a bad corner.
statement summary, This one is barely legal. Hmm, ringing endorsement?!
finally!
which important may be able to read
.@LindseyGrahamSC still using the Obama anti semetic term ISIL. Join the democrat party please.
experts know, and i believe you know, that this not what the travel ban accomplishes
How many terrorists came from those countries and how many came from Saudi Arabia.
it is about time you helped POTUS.
This American thinks it's wrong to target refugees and then enable home grown terrorists with easy access to guns.
So disappointed with your lack of critical thinking. Country before party Why no ban on Saudi Arabia? Where 9/11 began?
And just when I start thinking I like you... One step forward, 5 steps back.
YOU   http://www.rollingstone.com/tv/news/see-snl-mock-cowardly-conservatives-in-republican-movie-w470497 …
@MaayanSchechter You will be on the wrong side of history on this topic. Poor decision.
This EO is the last way to keep America safe It's nothing more than a ban Just look how fast that 7th country was dropped
nice to see you on our side Friday r a change...however w love my will it last
@postandcourier This ban is un-American. Protect our values - not your poll #'s #pandering
Russia. Sessions. Infiltration. Where are we on this?
I trust your judgment sir.
@postandcourier Christian men kill in name of religion here - how do we protect America from them? That's who scares me.
@postandcourier Data does NOT show that immigration from the 6 nations has made us less safe to this point. #fearmongering
that Dept of Justice report says otherwise. This is just a xenophobic excuse to hate ppl.
#WRONWAYgop #GOPliveinlandofFEAR BS!
Quit.  Every minute @realDonaldTrump is in office is a minute we are NOT SAFE. #ImpeachTrump
@ReaganBattalion Well done good Sir, well done.
Stop. Just stop. We'll vote you out soon enough. In the mean time, just TRY and act like a decent human being.
"...compromised governments"? Like ours?
It is ridiculous and you know it. We Americans need to be kept safe from Trump. He keeps us up at night with worry. #resist
WRONG
about time
Call it what it is, a religion ban in countries where trump has no businesses. Saudis attacked on 9/11!
And just when I was starting to think Lindsey Graham wasn't so bad, he's kind enough to remind me that he is.
Way too little, way too late Homey. I wish the state could have a mid term re-vote and get your ass out of there.
disappointed! Had hope after the town hall. The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
"Compromised governments" .... you mean like ours????  Guess you're not going to be the TBD hero.
Why can't you get the hint that we want Trump's agenda? We want term limits for Congress! Get to work or get out!
@ZekeJMiller I thought you had some balls but I guess I was wrong. Trump is crazy. Deal with it.
who cares what your democratic version of reality thinks about anything?
A broken clock is right twice a day. You did good here.
couldn't even break 1% in your home state so who cares what you think except fake news cnn
ISIS, not ISIL.
disappointed in you Lindsey
hey you got something on you nose!
It's still a Muslim Ban, will not make us safer and YOU KNOW IT!
You know it is a Muslim ban.
You are WRONG and you know it, sir. Be the person I know you are and stand up against this bigotry!
Still following the party line, regardless of the consequences. There's no evidence this ban was necessary. Gutless GOPers.
always gotta add ur two cents don't u poor baby
you have been giving so many of us a glimmer of hope from the GOP. We all know this is a religious ban.  #PleaseAdmitIt
Sir, this ban is unAmerican and will not do what it is said to be designed to do: prevent terrorism. It only hurts the U.S.
Its still a Muslim ban....
disgusting muslim ban is wrong.  None of those countries have ppl that have tried to hurt US
Toady!
You are on the wrong side of history. I don't buy the reasoning AT all. 9/11 people were from Egypt & Saudi Arabia. #shame
this EO will only serve as recruitment tool 4 ISIS.  U r hurting our military  & our nation by supporting this #muslimban2
This statement makes it seem like you are normalizing Trump, to the detriment of this county.
Why does trump think he's smarter than homeland security? Y do u think that sen Graham? You are not. That's the answer
so u agree w ignoring 2 DHS reports stating country of origin is NOT an credible indicator of threat?
We have an immigration system. If it needs fixed to protect us, fix it. Trump is not our savior, he just wants us to rule.
America is safe- the way the US is now viewed under Trump with GOP support will bring disaster- American values destroyed
Trump IS the president that has leaders around the world rolling their eyes trying to figure out what the hell he is up to.
we will be safe when @SenateGOP looks into @POTUS and his mental state. He is paranoid and not well. America is not safe.
Every president has a responsibility and desire to keep us safe. Trump is not the first president with that responsibility.
How about giving us ANSWERS on Trump/Russia ! Most important! #TRUMPGATE#REMEMBERNIXON
How about wiretap claims. Trump is a crazy man in the WH . INVESTIGATERUSSIA TIES! #TRUMPGATE#REMEMBERNIXON
So what about the DHS report? This will not make us safer.
what little good you've said has just been erased by your emptiness of heart for the ppl of USA. We are even more unsafe
about time you supported @potus on something...
Disappointed in you.What is the proof this makes America safer? Banning Muslims makes us less safe unconstitutional
People in India have lost respect for the USA Senator. I am here now after over 40 trips in 22 years .We are not safer
Just when I began to look to you for leadership through this gigantic mess. Guess the Rs will truly sell their souls. 
America is looking to you to for leadership.  This is cowardly putting party over country.
Dude. Just when I started to like you and a glimmer of hope from the GOP.
It still targets individuals from countries that have no history of terrorist attacks in the USA.
Oh Miss Lindsey you are wrong again. Sad!
you need to do far more than you are to help @realDonaldTrump -Voters are watching to see who to vote out next! May be you
I doubt you really believe that.
.@LindseyGrahamSC talks tough, But falls in line with the orange agenda. this doesn't make us safer, if anything puts our troops at risk.
If u r sincere in ur desire to "keep America safe" u may want to start by investigating Russian influence in the WH.
failed states that the US has had a hand in destabilizing.
This is some weak tea, Senator. You cannot pretend to care about your constituents & support this obviously biased EO
You're not really that stupid. You know better. Don't drink the Orange Kool Aide, there are long term side effects.
Americans are much less safe around the world now. I am in India and am being told to be more careful . Stupid as usual
You were voted in as a conservative, support
Yeah, we are compromised government as well.  What'cha gonna do about that?
history will remember that when it was time for you to stand up, you turned a great country over to buffoons and bigots!
bless your heart. You want so badly to have faith in 45. Lost cause!
Protect YOUR Homeland while destroying everyone else's. Gee, thanks a lot. P.S. Trump is insane & a liar.
Thank you for supporting @POTUS, recognizing our national security is of the utmost importance.
I'm disappointed in you
Was gleaning tidbits of positivity from you.....no more...your legacy is shot
Now that something positive about dam time Do something for the people not for u getting on TV How about Healthcare not INS
Where's the statement on an investigation into Russian influence on the election?
If you think this increases security then you don't understand the risk. This EO solves no problem, emboldens extremists.
I actually thought you might have a touch of decency, I was wrong.
YOU BULLIES NEED TO BACK OFF! WE DO  NOT FOLD OVER THREATS! HE IS DOING HIS JOB!
you can't support this as a national security measure, it is fear-mongering and ineffectual. Do better please.
Think you could read that outloud without blushing or stuttering?
you congratulate them?! sigh.
back handed compliment. Typical of back stabbing RINO.
Who will come to US, tell us with own lips, of attrocities on our battlefields, if OUR OWN troops HIDE naked pics of e/o?
Sorry Senator: Close but no cigar. You/POTUS never demonstrated need for this vis a vis Obama's Vetting is not effective
