Anyone think a president under a criminal investigation shouldn't be allowed to choose next FBI director in charge of the investigation?
And to think he was able to appoint someone to the Supreme Court.....smh
That's because he is not under investigation
Are you kidding ? He's the main one under investigation. If his name is on it, he's part of it.
Exactly! All his closest aides met with Russia just to benefit Trump and he knew nothing? Not buying that at all!
Has already been cleared since they can clearly meet with anyone that's not against the law
Be honest with yourself why did a half dozen or more of his staff meet with Russian's including one Russian spy
They are allowed to meet with Russians just like the Chinese and English and the French they were building early relationships
U guys do know that investigating Russia will lead to another investigations perhaps into the Clinton emails and her ties to Russia and
And leads to the indictment of ur queen
But Flynn and manafort are the focus of the investigation now not trump
Because there can't possibly be more than 1 investigation going at a time?
Oh yeah this new probe will also re investigate the collision between the DNC, lynch DoJ and the Clinton campaign also the Seth rich murder
Obama's.as well that's why it is now being considered a criminal investigation is because they are investigating all sorts of things
The Republican party is a criminal enterprise
You spelled Democrat wrong.
The democratic party is the criminal party shutting down free speech protesting and rioting all over the place killing people who
What people expect when they voted in the lying cheat who never once played by the rules- I hope he drags them all down
And tRump himself at all his scams- I'm being generous here but do you believe that he's even 75% truthful
And u're fine w/all the bankruptcies- not paying/showing taxes , hiring ppl on H1b visas not paying 4 WORK done mfg EVERY THING in China
He probably knows damn well 45 is up the creek.
Oh damnnnnn! Was it me or did Lindsey Graham seem really nervous or shaken. This goes sooooo deep in the GOP.
I believe the criminal investigation will be on who is trying 2 set Trump up. And Graham & his fellow "Dem" John McCain will be busted too!
That should be enough to scare him badly! Tired of this RINO! Is there a petition for recall on him yet?
Why have you failed to make Russia an Ally as a senator of the United States for treaties ? Why ?
A president under criminal investigation should not B allowed 2 make ANY appointments #StopSheriffDavidClarke #FBIDirector #SCOTUS #WHUsher
The Senate was just told to treat it like a criminal investigation. That may only mean Flynn is in for it. Maybe nobody else.
Considering Trump is sending messages 2 Flynn 2 "stay strong"(code 4 don't rat me out) who knows. I am betting Flynn has an Ace N the hole
Does it mean that @HillaryClinton email wasn't a criminal case? WOW ! 2 systems one for each party
Clinton Foundation is another, Abedin, Weiner, Haiti, Pres Clinton on the Tarmac etc, and that freakin V. Jarrett!
At the end #Comey was more committed to the #Democrat party that his own job .
Your red koolaid ready for you to drink @FoxNews @infowars #Breitbart, made for THE GULLIBLE. BTW Trump sells magic beans at his fake Univ!
Um, we are pretty sure Treason is a crime!
@lovebscott @MSNBC   Gurrrrllllll!
He didn't sense he was so nervous
Is he bipolar?  One day it could be criminal, the next day not so much, and the day after it's all about Hillary's email.
IT IS A REAL CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION.
chum for the guppies out there...
@realDonaldTrump 
@LindseyGrahamSC @MSNBC this alone tells you the new FBI Dir. SHOULD NOT be a past or current elected person!
Warning GOP to keep tight lips
DEMS ...your are such idiots..they are going after Clinton pay for play with Russia; and her obstruction of justice
Well!
In hindsight, maybe not a great idea to give out his number at a rally.
Bloody marvellous
And in just 5 minutes, Lindsey Graham personally changes the narrative
Can't it be both Criminal and Counter-Intelligence?
In other words our politicians want to go dark now and keep things a secret. Full transparency or no one believes these proven liars.
Durr, Lindsey.
Duh! Way to figure things out, Lindsey....
RICO (but not too suave)
Well of course-there WAS a crime.There was leaking of classified information.Don't you think he's going to investigate that too? DNCBackfire
He is 70 something. A 10 year appointment? Really?
Their idiot games are so apparent, and I enjoy their inevitable destruction.
Graham speaks out of both ends; he makes me sick.  Don't be fooled by him people.
Kick rocks Lindsey.  We will remember how long it took you to go against 45
Is this claiming the counter intelligence effort will end?

Is congress giving up on it's responsibility for national security?
"You" who is that directed at? DT or GOP?
NOW YA TALKN THIS IS GON BE A GREAT POKER GAME.
Emphasis on "criminal".
We don't care abt Congrssional Committee Circus stay out of Muellers way and lets get to the truth
This BS is to lay groundwork for ending both Congressional investigations, which are public. FBI investigation was always a criminal one.
Graham is the ONLY person saying so! WP says "Rosenstein was “unequivocal” that the (Senate) panel can & SHOULD continue its investigation."
Graham's getting something big out of this from McConnell
There's no news here people. Mueller is the boss now and he doesn't want congress involved anymore. That's it.
Muller just doesn't want congressmen dragging his potential perps and witnesses through hearings in the public anymore. No more media.
Should go forward with caution South Carolina has a vote upcoming in 2020
About damn time!
Don't trust Graham anymore. He's closer to Trump than you may think. Had dinner in the WH w/him. All talk like MCCain, no action though.
Do not trust any @GOP they are all complicit. Seriously. They will say what trump wants them to say, even southern belle @LindseyGrahamSC
He's just trying to shut down the Congressional side of the investigation so tax cuts.
Was there ever any doubt that it was?
sounds like Truman Capote
He also said congress needs to continue with HRC emails, so there's that
WOW Let See, Lieberman or Comey. OH Lieberman has much more Experience.Can see why TRUMP wants an old White Nit Wit.
When you are innocent you wouldn't need to be careful
GOOD! It is a criminal investigation and the congressional gop should be worried since most (if not all) are criminals! #MuellerTime
Well that is upsetting if trump is endorsing liberman.
@LindseyGrahamSC you disappoint me. You were getting all loud and into the comey agenda, until you thought about hurting 45's feelings
Now look at you? You are talking back all that you said. Do you want to get to the bottom of this? Or just make noise? Stand up for what's
Right, or else be in the history books as the man that stirred the pot, but gave you constituents and WE the people, the spoon to lick!
Let Mueller do his work if it's criminal, let your comm invest the rest of it.  There's plenty to go around and more coming out everyday.
Next move is yours GOP, stand up or cover up, what will history say about you?
Watson,something is afoot.
Good as he can say about Hillary. lock him up. lock him up. lock him up ( Trump will throw all them under the bus to save his own ass)
Is there a problem?
Cut the crap Kyle that is NOT what he said & you know it! Clearly you think your viewers too stupid to watch news for themselves. #fakenews
Major.
Save Lawrence ditch Donnie
Graham is such a liar!  He's like , love the one your with. Say yes to your face then turn on you , once his back is turned.
He's trying to wear the good guy hat today.
I'm waiting for the "I am not a crook" speech. Too early to label him a "blameduck"? #blameduck #republicansarebadforyourhealth
Because they are criminals !!!
Trump crossed the right ones.Oooo They are going to get him....AND PENCE WILL FALL TOO.
@LindseyGrahamSC is so wishy washy when it comes to @realDonaldTrump that he doesn't know if he's coming or going! #GetItTogetherMan
He has been performing a lot of gymnastic like tricks this Week, Month, Year. Take your pick.
Glad he's starting to catch up.
So now Trumps a criminal.... No way say it isn't so.. It twue it's twue!
And there you have it folks, this will be the shortest presidency in the history of presidents lmao 
If??? More like is!
In related news, water is wet.
No shit.
@LindseyGrahamSC buh bye !Told u that ur good cop bad cop routine would bring u down in the end.
Don't cross into his lane?? Shit just got real!
Smokescreen for slowing down Congressional investigations.

@kylegriffin1 @JW4Resistance @MSNBC
Some of trumpy inner circle will resign sooner than later, mark my words
He's saying this to put a dead stop to House and Senate investigations. They don't want to "interfere" with a criminal investigation
who's surprised? are you surprised? am i surprised? is djt surprised? is @VP surprised? is, AW SHUCKS, @SpeakerRyan surprised? then who is?

Is the subtext perhaps Rosenstein didn't actually write the recommendation?
Trumps face on the side...
I watched him on fox and that's not what he said. He also brought up Clinton emails in connection with the Justice department.
The president of the united states is being investigated by the FBI as if it was a criminal investigation. Which it is.  Let that sink in.
try listening more, that's not what was said.
Graham u coward. Rosenstein said not to consider this special pros a criminal invest in his letter yest. u have to make MSM happy coward
Yeah, what a guy.  He now wants to go after Hillary Clinton.
So...Russian mafia, not Putin?
Are they really just realizing this now? What did they think the FBI investigated?
Good news!
Whooo... Nellie! It getting hot in here!
I can't keep up - tell me again who was in on this briefing ?
#LockTrumpUp
OMG Graham&Rosenstein: #Trumprussia is now a 'criminal' investigation.Does this mean there ARE, as @LouiseMensch posted,indictments already?
His identical twin said something entirely different to fox today 
His Fox interview was before the Rosenstein meeting. Wonder what he heard.
What was the crime?
Winning the election
That's verbatim what I said yesterday.  When viewed through the prism of a crime and cover-up, everyone's behavior makes sense.
Re: @LindseyGrahamSC concern about the effect of Mueller on Congressional hearings, wondering why didn't he move faster ? #TheResistance
TRUMP TROLLS NEED TO TAKE OFF THERE ROSE COLORED GLASSESB4 HE KILLS US ALL OUR CHILDREN/SONS&DAUGHTER'S &OUR
This should be every MSM's breaking news right now. "Proceed as if this is a CRIMINAL Investigation. That means Trump is in BIG trouble
No, not necessarily Trump. Flynn,  for instance. It means tgere are questions they shouldn't ask because of self incrimination.
I still don't think Lindsay has put on his big boy pants & is willing to be patriot first.
Uh yes we already have been Lindsey...

DEFCON 2
Can't wait till this all comes back with absolutely nothing
Graham is RINO establishment just like McCain, tis why you guys exploit them
is it getting warm in here?
@realDonaldTrump #LOCKHIMUP
And as we speak, the Republicans ONLY are about to push through a healthcare bill that kills the poor, old, sick. LYING @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
May??:):)
Yup definitely treason
Sen Graham of SC double speaks:#FoxNews & MSM Versions.
https://twitter.com/JuddLegum/status/865293801467891712 …
Most Americans don't watch Fox.
Sen. Lindsey Graham: Congress should abandon Russia investigation, go back to Clinton’s emails https://thinkprogress.org/graham-says-congress-should-abandon-russia-look-at-emails-instead-bd9ebc32a78 …
@ShaunKing @MSNBC but what's all this BS about going back to investigate HRC emails again? Seriously? Sheesh
But still. A game. He knows having witnesses take fifth powerful. Knows they can appt special commission
I have a love hate relationship with @LindseyGrahamSC   He comes so close to being perfect. But then disappoints me. this was stellar perf .
Then why is the target of the investigation try n get comey to end it
There certainly appears to be no shortage of criminals to investigate in this case.
And if Graham is involved, he'll fall too! Wink, wink, he might be!
It IS a criminal investigation!
Why does this RINO have to run to the first open MIC anytime someone tells him anything? Are people in SC really this dumb?
How many of these bad boys were caught on tape? I hope they lose as much sleep as the rest of us have!
The end of that video worries me. If Congress curtails their investigations, public knowledge and presidential accountability also curtailed
Graham is a goddamned traitor just like the rest of the GOP and is worried the inv will show all of them were taking Russian money.
The next FBI director is NOT in charge of the investigation; can't you read.  He is an independent investigator!  Geez!
Anyone know how much this is going to cost us? Can we ask that he and his wife stay only at the WH in exchange for this fee?
Lady Graham has spoken.
And there you have it!!!

Yep. Hillary, DOJ and AG criminality.
I bet a lot of crooked #Gop party members are sweating& nervous right now. No passports 4 ya soon & #NoWall period.Downsize 
#Trumprussia 
Graham wants to shirk responsibility for invest. Trump under the guise that Congress shouldn't interfere with a DOJ "criminal investigation"
@anuraagjhawar ... it's on
Remember it's a SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!
Not a special COUNSEL. That's a GOP wording to make it sound better and less serious.
The GOP all look sweaty and scared! Lol.
No duh.
Bad Sarcasm
The real criminals we are looking for are the traitorous leakers!
Can #SpecialCounsel subpoena Trump's #TaxReturns? #resist
It's Special Prosecuter!
No Shit.
We had open hearings during watergate also. Care to be used, but doesn't legitimately preclude committe investigations
It's happening.
@Senate @Congress Trump's Obstruction Of Justice & Trump Asking On Cable News TV: For Russia To Find & Release Secretary Of State Emails!
Trump's Tweet Against President Obama Saying: The President  Wiretapped Trump - With No Evidence! That Has Been Proven False!
Get facts! No it hasn't! Proven Trump was surveilled!!
Just GOP excuses from Graham, I guess he just all talk and no action, and wants to give Russia a free pass.
Criminal Investigation, Do you hear that congress? Many of you trump supporters with #RussianTies Investments, accomplices to a "Crime" #FBI
