stop viewing this issue by winning/losing - this is not a game sir. Not to those of us who DON'T get insurance via FEHBP.
common, just fix the parts that need fixing.  Change the name if you want.  This is the only path forward.
read it! It's not what it does
Which would be . . . . ?
why don't you just try to fix it
Winning is working with Democrats to implement single payer. We need health care for everyone not just politicians.
7 years of whining and nothing to show for it.
Define choices. Do you mean substandard care unless one can pay bigly $$$$?
Why can't you .@LindseyGrahamSC grasp that we "other" Americans want the same insurance you enjoy that our taxes pay for. #ACA
Quit pouting and fix the problems with ACA. You all are to concerned with us vs them, we're all tired of it! #impeachTrump
surprised, Senator. Letting it collapse is not leadership. You've had 7 years to develop a better plan, where is it?
I'm thinking EVERY politician wanting to repeal and replace should be repealed and replaced
.@LindseyGrahamSC Here's a thought.  Government should get the hell out of the healthcare business.
president leaving it behind.   You may be SOL.  Work with Ds. Pls!!
retire RINO.
#winning is providing the health care choice You have to US. Oh We pay for You
this assumes that Obamacare will collapse everywhere.  I do not think.
NO!  IMPROVE on ObamaCare.  Everyone knows Republicans don't give a hoot about healthcare for anyone but themselves.
it's called "Single-payer".
winning is listening to constituents and working to improve what they say they want. WE win. Not pol parties
Choices ...in republic speak means crappy insurance..lets trust the Wonderful health insurance companies again
That's a bunch of BS and you know it.
still waiting to hear GOP ideas.  It's been 7 years, Senator.
Stop! To get liberal Repubs, RINOs, and conservatives on board, they should have passed today's House bill.
Amazing how off the pulse of America you are. Lose the suit come home go fishing.
Costs & choices seem to work well in states whose gov'ts did their parts to support AHA. I wish SC was one of those states.
Don't use American citizens' lives and health as partisan bargaining chips. Forget ideology. Fix problems!
Stop being unreasonable and arrogant. KNOCK IT OFF!We won't vote for Gorsuch he's mean and not fair! Golly Gee didn't work!
Like I said, Medicare for all. The whole world is doing similar. Pay attention.
What a wrong with single payer?  It's the only way to get health care for all. Keep private for the 1% if you must.
Your wrong. Keep the Federal Government out of health care!
THIS ISN'T A GAME. So tired of this being all about win/lose for you politicians who sit there with your FEHBP insurance.
Why would Dems support a bill that wouldn't even guarantee the most basic of hc services? Or defunds Planned Parenthood?
The GOP has had 6+ years to propose the replacement and has come up with nothing, the plan from today didn't improve ACA
winning is coming up with a plan that improves the AFFORDABLE health care choices available to Americans #notwealthcare
"choice" choose to pay shitloads to be covered or die? Got it. Dick.
#Winning is repealing Obamacare, period. NOT ONE REPUBLICAN VOTED YES. Why NOT just repeal, RINO bastards?
agree, but this wasn't it.
So why do you want health care to collapse and Americans to lose health insurance?
Health care individually that Americans want Need and can Afford We will keep praying for its reality keep fighting For it
improve the choices...Nice wording
actually, I think winning = lower costs and not dying. It's not a bag of potato chips.
@POTUS Senator Graham - spoken like the true leader you are. I hope the President seeks and listens to your sage advise. 
@GOP need to first stop making it a personal thing by calling it "ObamaCare". Say you want to make ACA more viable.
Winning is fixing what's wrong, Senator. If you can't replace it, then fix it. If it fails, it's on you!
Agreed. However, how you get something done is just as important as doing it. The let it burn approach is not good. Try another please.
Question why the republicans are against the well being of The Americans. you beg the same Americans to get elected.
please can you resign if you cannot control the situation it's small market comparing to ambition of controlling the world.
why the legislative body with republicans majority did not stop the one behind the sabotage of Obamacare.
maybe you could get Dems onboard with a public option
Question, is the republicans behind the increase of the cost of health care and fewer choices? if the answer is no why 1/2
IT'S NOT A CHOICE FOR A PERSON IF THEY CAN'T FUCKING AFFORD IT.
Respectfully, please just fix what we have. Please. I'm a fan. We need to be bipartisan. TY.
lack of leadership is legislative hot potato
#Winning would be bipartisanship work to create something that all Americans need...what happened to Statesmanship?
which your bill did not, taking health care away from more, face the facts. #movetoimproveACA
So get to it!
STOP the entitlement ur as bad as the libs shrink gov put healthcare back in the private sector now
. It is. Why can't the GOP come up with something? You had 7 years.
And after 7 years, you could not come up with a better plan? 7 YEARS!
improve it, don't take all the healthcare out of it!!!
Winning is making Obama care work, not making things worse.
Available to Americans or affordable to Americans? Hasn't the GOP had 7 years to work on this?
actually, winning is improving Healthcare ACCESS, not choices. What good is a choice if you're priced out of all the options?
Mr Lindsey due to our respect sometimes you use same microphone Hillary or Obama used so that we are confused
all Americans, the poor, elderly, and working class
Thank you sir. If you wish to provide "choices," I would like the choice of Medicare for all ages.
Winning is providing ALL Americans reasonably priced healthcare. ALL Americans.
No.  it should improve healthcare.
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE!
Stop treating people's health like a political football. Fix ACA. You guys dont care about yhe middle class and poor.
"Winning" is you getting in there now and fixing the ACA so it works for everyone. You are a Gamecock, act like it!
This was easy my man.  Spruce it up and call it your plan.  Many @GOP supporters have benefited and will tough to undo that
So how long after the "collapse" you advocate for do my health care choices improve? After I'm dead?
Your party controls both chambers. There is no excuse. This is on YOU.
so WTF has the GOP been doing for the past 6+ years to advance that instead of this shit bill?
@margbrennan Bravo Lindsey!  I sorta think ur enjoying this fail after that rough primary IJS. B a statesman n work w/ Dems
so why didn't u come up with a reasonable bill. That was awful piece of legislation. Fix the ACA . please
Well, THAT failed . . . what's next?
Sen. that means fixing it. Once pple found out what they lose they want it fixed not REPLACED!! Fix it! Work together 4 us
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan WH VP Republicans and Ryan all BIG LOSERS TODAY and in 2018!
and you had 7 years to craft a bill that'd get support, not even bi-partisan support, just GOP support
Good luck coming up with something better.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @All100Senators Why do you need to replace it? Can't you improve it while keeping the improvements it was over status quo?
they didn't want a replacement senator. They want to undo progress since the 50's.
Why don't u try helping to repair O care. Put your big boy pants on. Country over party. And do what right for amer. Peeps
It's not just choice and access. It's actual, real coverage when you get sick. Huge difference. @LindseyGrahamSC i
absolutely,I&my great beauty @margbrennan discussed,not important winning & losing,important improve american health system
Well isn't that SPECIAL. Put lipstick on that pig . And think about what has become of YOUR party. The once honorable GOP
Yea, like Medicaid for all. Just slash the damn Blackwater budget. They're rich enough. Help your people.
I know! Give all Americans the same coverage YOU and your colleagues have. Problem fixed!
If it were up to me I would go for easier victories first, consolidate momentum, let ACA fester, then go for the kill
Health insurance, for most Americans, isn't Burger King. We'd rather have some than just be told we "can have it our way."
Fix instead of replace, why you calling it Obamacare when its ACA?
Did you even read the horrible bill?
@postandcourier Look at a Europe healthcare. It's not perfect but the people like it. And all people have healthcare.
yep
AND u had 8 long gone years..Why do u not have a plan..This is disgusting and disgraceful
@margbrennan...Senator, forgot to mention keep prems low, inclusive services, pre-existing, pregnancy care, & preventative
And u don't have a plan. Guess who does? @HillaryClinton  Call her.
WRONG. #Winning is improving the HEALTHCARE of Americans, which is currently and historically among the worst in the world.
Medicare for All
ummm, easier said than done.
But you got nothin
Retain and Repair.
...and making @realDonaldTrump look like a schmuck!
let's fix the problems, more control insurance and big pharma
Mr. Graham, now just let it fail! And when it does maybe DEM will want to work with GOP
You know that the AHCA was worse for HC for nearly all, right? You do have a 6th grader on staff to explain that, right?
Can we also make the Healthcare Plan about Coverage for Americans & NOT TAX BREAKS 4 WEALTHY.
But the wealthy & their those corporations fund his campaigns, silly.
True  :-(
This makes it sound like you think healthcare is a right, so why not improve the ACA rather than replace it?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS I am sooo sock of winning already jn first 65 days wow! Another Executive Disaster on Healthcare
I meant Sick of winning! Trump just knows how to win so many BIG wins Travel Ban Healthcare, next?
Why not just fix things that are wrong in ACA instead of trying to replace.. that would be the smart option for all..
True.  Which is why the bill was pulled... it would make it worse. ESSENTIAL BENEFITS are named that for a reason.
the problem isn't choices, it's costs and coverage. That's why GOP failed.
Winning is getting government OUT of health care all together.
Only a true free market can do that. Some light regs will be necessary. Profit motive vs healthcare???
LOL
Belch!
.@LindseyGrahamSC GREAT opportunity to work with @TheDemocrats to craft REAL #bipartisanship and legislation that helps ALL!
Couldn't agree more
agreed, work together. I think we all want that.
LOL
