https://twitter.com/funder/status/842075178901377026 …

#trumprussia #russiagate #trumpleaks 
#TheResistance
NEW #TrumpLeaks document dump-Trump lawsuits-contracts-leases-419 files-link below

#trumprussia #russiagate #resist …
including OURS, don't forget that
quit lying to the American people. This country used to have to show proof. Show proof of actual interference or be quiet
great job- very informative!! Question - is it legal for our president to lie about the former & to us? Is this impeachable
Senator Graham, do you have any info on Brexit? As my country's govt is corrupt, any information you have will be great :)
Thank you for sharing video link since MSM quit following after a bit . I greatly appreciate being able to continue to watch this. #Russia
u get em lindsey. We all know trump is crooked and a liar tryn to destroy our gov. Get the Russians. I believe in you!!
the 1950's called, they want their spies back
You need to watch this. Crazy espionage by Russia worldwide. Sounds like a B movie but it's real.
this hearing is pointless. It's a mere set up for the weakest GOP member to try and link Russia to Trump.
It's not any of that.It's findings reg what experts know to date on Russian espionage worldwide.It's stunning
 looks like a witch hunt to me. Why no discussion on #vault7? Seems relevant to this issue.
Vault#7 was Assuage. This was abt Russia unless you believe Assuage=Russia. I think so but can't assume u do.
u are a fool if u think Russia influenced elections.  Obama tried to influence Israel's election. Why did U say nothing?
EXCELLENT discussion. #trumprussia #resist #EmolumentsClause
Obama State Dept: $350K For Campaign Infrastructure Used Against Netanyahu In Israel Election.
great job chairing subcommittee hearing and putting #americaFirst and leaving partisanship aside. #existentialThreat
Watched & learned a lot. Plus +++ the book is free!!! Ps - this is what professionals look like - not 45's clown show!  
Please do something to end all this
@TopherTBrennan Tools like Donald Trump?
Is that why our Deep State was "wiretapping" (loose wording) Trump? Try to create a crime where none exist?
Care about America? Really All he wants is war with Russia him and McCain both
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  You may save us all. Hero level action. #nationoverparty
Starting w ours, I hope and Trump's obvious ties to Russia. #Trumprussia
Thank you Senator. You showed that party doesn't matter  Being an American does.
Check out Turkey & Gulen connection to SOROS & CENTER for AMERICAN PROGRESS That Podesta help Start with Clintons=CREEPY
How about a deal: if there is no proof the Russians did anything to tamper with the 2016 election, then you resign.
Did DJT wait to come on stage until the exact moment your hearing started? Very frustrating/trying to stay informed.
thank you for looking out for our country
Do they use different tools than we use to undermine democracies throughout the world?
You should have Erdogan there!!
Thank you Senator for leading this charge. It takes someone of great character to put their country before their party.
Hint.The tool is Trump
Please talk to Dick Morris, he seems to think that Trump was tapped!  Why would he lie?  Obama was always sneaking around others!
And thank you for looking into this. The ppl have a right to know. Is DT lying??? As he has been known to do.
including our last election. Follow the money
how is allowing ACA to collapse a "strategy"? Isn't that a rather childish approach that screams lack of leadership?
Thank you for caring about America.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Ah, so I see you are having a hearing on the DNC and the mainstream US media....
instilling people like trump
This is great!  Let's start with USA, first!  Make America USA again!
stay strong you are defending the republic
you need to get the hell out of the way and let trump do his job! You and McCain are on your way out thank god!!
GO GET'EM!NO WAIVERING!
I believe the tool has a name...Trump
please do not stop digging. Should B non partisan pressure to find truth. Not a witch hunt, just a truth mission #NoLies
what about an investigation into all the connections to our own administration?
All while he ignores #Vault7 Need any more proof he's is an establishment Democrat?Desperately trying to save a dying party
Hope this is more than JUST MORE TALK in your glorified DEBATING SOCIETY. #ALLTALK #DOSOMETHING
We are watching Mr Graham. Give us back our voices.
I know he's not by far the best the party had to offer but it's a bit blue to call the potus a tool.
you must find out- through loans or pay offs or whatever does Kremlin own Trump!?!
Donald Trump and the Republican party?
thank you
