Chosen by the Kremlin. approved by Himmler Bannon, Bormann Miller and Eichmann Pence.
you need to put America first. Nunes needs to be removed from the intelligence committee.
Merrick Garland deserves the seat. @SenateMajLdr and @GOP did not play fair and should NOT be rewarded.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN @wolfblitzer No confirmation. We don't allow a Pres to appoint SCOTUS judges in last yr of their term, remember?
YOU BETTER GET ON THE TRUMP TRIAN GRAHAM. WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT
#Surveillance #Tap
 
Maybe if u stopped appearing on CNN you'd grow up & be a REAL REPUBLICAN You owe the POTUS an apology!
GO NUCLEAR and move this along!
You were fair and reasonable tonight, Senator.
I like your candor....
Was Trump team talking to other countries, or just Russia ?
You've done your job well. Certainly Judge Gorsuch appreciates your confidence in him.
Hey, @LindseyGrahamSC , want to discuss Nunes' traitorous compromising investigation today? How do you feel about that? No SCOTUS vote now

who cares about Gorsuch when our current president could have committed treason- get your shit together
@housegop @senategop Think SCOTUS approval improves the optics? NOT. TrumpCare, Russia and @DevinNunes overshadows all!
Graham says "Obama Who. Did he nominate a judge?"
We're sorry, Mr Graham, something else has come up. You are a respectful man.
STOP WASTING TIME WITH FAKE NEWS @CNN. THEY'RE DONE SIR.  LET THEM GO QUIETLY INTO THE NIGHT @seanhannity
Hey Lindsey, Mike Pence has some *shocking* plans for you. Perhaps you should be focusing elsewhere.
You use a made-up "Biden Rule" to justify ignoring Garland, then claim the Ds are making up a controversy
I don't always agree with you, but you communicate very well . A more rational reasonable approach.
I'm a Dem and I liked what you said on cnn. I have respect for you and Mccain.
Nice job, senator.
You don't see a need for an independent investigation???? Open your 
whom care
tell him how compromised @RepAdamSchiff @RepDWStweets @RepAndreCarson and others are #AwanBrothers
#hypocrisy
how about what Nunes did today he must resign from the intel committee!
5pm CT. WATCHING,Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM ,Judiciary Committee Hearing, Nominee Confirmation
how about talking about an independent commission to investigate Russiagate. #Complicit
you were very honest and fair in treatment to Gorsuch  hearing.   You have inside depth.  Unlike most of the democrats
You should call out Nunes' improper presser
Who cares? Your a sellout Graham!
Looks like someone worthy of the job.
Let me know if you get someone watching the least watch news channel to become a Gorsuch supporter.
For one minute I actually respected you
Lindsey honey, no SCOTUS vote until 45-Russian ties are investigated.
Senator are you afraid of God you are responsible for a lot of suffering and dead
Please bring up the Worldwide warning from the @DHSgov
Despite what you've said, this seat was stolen from Merrick Garland.
& confirming Gorsuch while legitimacy of presidency is in doubt would mean a cloud over G's judgeship forever.
we got bigger news to talk today. We need to talk about your subpoena power. Please and thank you
now u can apologize to trump the surveillance was true he was right!!!!
you know Wolf's not going to let you go with just that one.
that's how I'd book you too. Then I'd grill you about Russia. Look forward to the town hall in Moncks Corner.
You are a traitor in every way!
u shld pause on SCOTUS until Russian Independent investigation assures legitimacy of Pres.
he is legit... u must have missed election.
This judge is amazing
What about @DevinNunes? Obstruction of Justice. #Nunesmustgo
how about you talk about @DevinNunes and ask he be removed from the IC
just listened, Lindsey is the real deal.  Very rational.
No vote on any Trump nomination until Trump/Russia is figured out! No trust in Trump! #PutinWhiteHouse
Wolf, ask Lindsey why Gorsuch's SC bid shouldn't be held up until after FBI finishes Russia investigation
Please speak about Nunes. #trumprussia
orrrrr the Intel....
what about Nunes bullshit today?
aren't there more important things right now?  Like treason against our country? #TrumpRussia do your job
I'm still waiting for Merrick Garland to get his hearings.  Republicans have their own set of rules.
Thats it??
What about what @DevinNunes did today? We're looking to you Sen Graham for leadership on this
And Joe about ure dude Nunes?
