That wasn't his call was it? He voted for Kagan (R5v37) & Sotamayor (R8v31). Calling him scum is uncalled for. He got grief for those votes
Not sure why you keep saying it's not up to him I know that but his votes no may have paved way for other Republicans to grow a set
He is a conservative. This was a conservative seat and Gorsuch is a conservative's pick. I get his reasons. Next one is more important imho
btw i don't like any of the cabinet picks except the generals. Trump had zero to do with the SCOTUS pick, thank god.
You rock Lisa! I do respect and thank you for calling me out in such a kind way too. I just get so upset with all this corruption 
Aw, thanks! Hey it's all very upsetting I know. The very real & present dangers at the WH dismantling the post war peace. That's the fight x
So try & ktf, keep your head, and don't let the anger change you. We have to build bridges & move forward. I have faith.
What happen to Merrick Garland's confirmation hearing?
Very sad day on the hill. Two wrongs don't make a right. Loss for the People because of bad politics.
Pretty disingenuous, to complain about Dems/Gorsuch and not admit ur own hypocrisy after blocking Garland.  Makes you look ridiculous.
I am against Judge Gorsuch simply because he never answered a question your committee asked. SCOTUS overturned his ruling, think about it
Address the elephant in the room regarding Garland and your lack of curtesy.  Dems will be in charge soon enough, don't go nuclear. #BadIdea
Filibuster is way more considerate of Gorsuch than you gave Merrick Garland. Do not pretend the high road now after what you guys did.
You and the republicans broke you oath to the Constitution and started this partisanship! Stop the fake outrage!
It's so unfair! With a big, fat frowny face!
you guys blocked Garland for months, with the purpose of obstruction. Own that and stop being disingenuous.
Democratic rules are hard to follow. Biden said not to elect a judge in the presidents final year. Do as I say not as I do Democrats.
Yeah, he said that.  Didn't do it.
Cause Repubs wimped out.
Gorsuch is SOO FAR RIGHT. He also corporate lap dog. Ur reasonable, they'd pass a moderate Republican. This is a lifetime appointment.
Hypocrite

Should have done your job last year
Unless you gave #MerrickGarland a full hearing and vote, you have no right to criticize anyone. #hypocrisy #StolenSeat
Your true colors showed when you obstructed #44, shame on all of you
Dear Pot
Sen. Hatch once said there was “no question” Merrick Garland could be confirmed to the Supreme Court. What’s the rush?
XO, Kettle
You never held a hearing for Garland, shame on you pushing Gorsuch down our throats. Russian probe should disallow anymore appts.
Thank you Senator Graham! 
He is not for the people Senator Graham. Why would you guys want someone who is not for the people?
I don't know why people vote for you. Gorsuch votes against the people and you do too.
You all keep saying he's what the people want that is a lie the GOP do not care about the people you guys will never come into power again
Too bad, Senator. Many don't like a SC Justice who only knows how to play dodgeball instead of answering directly to questions.
"I'm shocked -- SHOCKED -- that there is obstruction and partisanship happening here!  SHOCKED, I TELL YOU!"
You swore an oath to the Constitution. Nothing in the Constitution says u can't vote for a judge during an election year.
u previously said 60 votes was good so both parties participate.. We'll see what you truly believe soon!
Dear Pot,
58% of the American voters indicated they wanted someone other than a GOP president to select the next SCOTUS justice.
XO, Kettle
Ban POLITICIANS & the 2 party system. Abuse of power has weaponized it to turn us against 1 another. QUIT FUCKING POIITICIZING OUR UTERUS'!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
BTW.. Obama WON his second term and deserved to have his nominee go through the proper hearing. Hypocrite.
The Dems are being a bunch of Weiners about Gorsuch; just not as big as Republicans were about Garland.
#Gorsuch is illegitimate. @SenateMajLdr subverted the constitution. Gorsuch should refuse nom in defense of the constitution
Subverted Constitution?  How?
This is a stolen court seat from an illegitimate, colluding President and you know it. Thought you were better than this.
So you agree with his stance and think that women try to manipulate their employers by getting pregnant and getting time off? Great.
@ GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option. U use it after Dems say filibuster ONCE?

Nope
That small issue called- "GARLAND"
This is a disgrace. Where was your outrage when criminal Rs refused Garland a hearing? You are anti-American.
.Stolen seat. Thief
You've made your choice . . . party over country. When 45 goes down, your loyalty to him will be remembered.
Taking rights away from presidents and now senate? Get ready.
Yet trash remarks about obama's last year so he couldnt nominate. He was president and had that right.
WHO'S THE NEXT U.S. ADVERSARY TO BE INVITED TO WHITE HOUSE?
HYPOCRITE!  Merrick Garland!!!
Ok, Sen. Blanche Devereaux, try to remember the stunt your party pulled with Garland.
CAN'T BELIEVE POTUS TOOK IN EGYPT'S PRESIDENT - HE'S WELL KNOWN FOR REPEATED AND LENGTHY HUMAN RIGHTS  VIOLATIONS. POTUS FAVORS DICTATORS
SO YES, PRESIDENT OBAMA HAD THE RIGHT TO NOMINATE MERRICK GARLAND WHEN HE DID.  GOP SAT ON THEIR HANDS FOR 12 MONTHS.
Sometimes you're my hero but your comments today, I didn't agree you were fair to Dems. What was that block of Merrick Garland? Play fair.
JUST ONE WORTHY ANSWER FOR NOT HEARING MERRICK GARLAND WILL DO.
bunch of white fool men selfish
we watching you all with talking points yes we watching like you reading an watching
The GOP has been so partisan for the last 8 yrs. The DEMS would work with a moderate wait until the DEMS take back the power. Do nuclear
GOP DIDN'T HOLD HEARINGS FOR MERRICK GARLAND UPON PRESIDENT OBAMA'S NOMINATION BECAUSE THEY THOUGHT..LEAVE THE SEAT EMPTY-GOP WILL THEN PICK
Shame on you and the GOP for not giving Judge Garland a hearing. Shame 
Merrick Garland !
The President does NOT have the ability or power to appoint!!! Only to nominate!! As with Obama's attempt which was not even addressed !!!
IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH HILLARY LOSING OR TRUMP WINNING. TELL AMERICANS WHY HEARINGS WERE NOT DONE FOR PRESIDENT'S OBAMA'S PICK-PARTISAN
Liar
watch mark my words remember it today you all going down on the trump train wait wait wait watch going down fool
You are a fool to support Gorsuch. He is a pathetic human being.
And next up on the hit parade:
oh my good one. Plus there not looking ahead so many are angry and will vote their answer. We'll remember Trumpcare,bans,  3 invest, Yemen
You're killing me. Just as I start liking you you do stuff like this. Fuss at McConnell who caused this with Merrick Garland's nomination.
you are a damn political hypocrite im with the dem we the people watch u all didnt even give the otherside up are down wow
YOU ARE RIGHT.  THE PRESIDENT HAS THE RIGHT TO NOMINATE SOMEONE FOR THE SUPREME COURT. THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH HILLARY WINNING OR LOSING
Don won? America lost.Shame on you #stolenseat
Lindsey Graham secured his unemployment eligibility with the town hall on Mar 1. Graham proved once and for all he is a total POS.
You do not get it- it has nothing to do with the fact that Trump won. Stop hiding behind that. Shows how out of touch you are. #VoteThemOut
MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND Dems DID NOT get to have their nominee. Hypocrite Hypocrite Must be a liar to be a R
Gorsuch decided to play rope-a-drop in public hearings.  You treat American people like dope's then you lose.  You want him chg. the rules
Do not support Gorsuch. His rulings demonstrate his lack of humanity. He is a poor choice.
You're so pathetic.  Abandoned all those strongly held convictions right quick
Lindsey, you don't like it, maybe Republicans should not have gratuitously used the filibuster in unprecedented levels over the last 8 years
He should be a mainstream republican with no dark money record. You will get the votes and bi-partisanship remains.
Corporate America>Mom&Pop? #SCOTUS Gorsuch Corporate America. I hope the money is worth it. #GOP We DONT care about the people. LoveMoney.
the whole filibuster will die. This means that Court-packing is next (why not 11 justices?).
Nominee should have not been chosen by president under FBI investigation. Senate republicans choose a new candidate.
those did not involve the Supreme Court, as you well know. 2/
Do not go nuclear. This will ruin bi-partisanship forever. Switch the candidate to a mainstream republican and lock in a no filibuster rule
I invested the full 17 mins. It's obvious you view this as payback for the Bush filibusters and the 2013 nuclear option. 1/
Nuclear option is an undemocratic way to win what you want. Select a moderate Republican to win. #weobject
#45? He's under investigation??? #FromRussiaWithLove Hypocrisy? #GOP y'all are rotten to the core. Bless your hearts.
Secondly, dems are disgusted that republicans choose to enable a mental, dangerous narcissist, with a destructive,dangerous agenda.
Own the part you played not getting Garland a vote. Your hypocrisy is out of control. You don't represent the people that voted for you!
I'm really sick and tired of hearing about how mad the dems are about losing the election. Trump won because of Russian meddling, period.
Defending a stolen seat for Dumpty who's under FBI investigation? Get over it

I'm cool w/Gursuch. But after the GOP's disgraceful treatment of Merrick Garland don't pretend the Dems killed judicial bipartisanship.
Gorsuch is a generational disaster in the making.
Time to invoke nuclear option-Gorsuch is well qualified and it was a unanimous vote for Circuit- dems  mad over election
#confirmGarland
Can't you see why Garland's treatment might result in this? You're being the partisan here pal.
Gorsuch=Highly Qualified. Garland = Highly Qualified. You had a chance to be principled and you passed on that chance.....
There is no working with any of you.Ever. You are all tainted.4)
Senate Committee about to vote  to move forward to.the nomination, confirmation of Judge Neil.Gorsuch, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM
I heard your scolding of Dems today. Your memory is fuzzy as I heard zero about the years of GOP obstruction leading up to Reid's decision!
Until the republicons dump the traitors you own all of it. There is no honor or integrity being a republicon.
@LindseyGrahamSC Ballsy for a closeted homosexual. Jesus really will not be pleased.
investigation. If this were a Democratic president the bunch of you would be screaming and howling. Own your anti United States position. 2)
The republicons started this senator. You refused to let Merrick Garland have his day. That is on you. Your president is under federal 1)
You fool.
I am heart broken & disappointed that you'd stand by a man who protects corporations over people. #DirtyMoney
First, figure out what you will do about #Putinspuppet. He isn't a legitimate president after colluding with #Russia and U know it.#impeach!
And in your trilogy, U forgot it was Bush that signed to get Troops out of Iraq, U remember that time the SHOE was thrown at him, not OBAMA
Shows how hypocritical Dems are when Justiced Kagan and Sotomayer are approved overwhelmingly despite philosophical differences.
5 Republicans voted for Kagan & Sotomayer. That's not overwhelming. Garland was locked out entirely for nothing but partisanship. Stop lying
At that time that was most of the Republicans since the Dems controllef both houses.
Democrats should hurry, yes, rush to confirm a stolen seat on courts put forward by a president under investigation.@SenSchumer @senatedems
Too bad you're such a hypocrite Senator.
Judge has no more of a Right to be Confirmed  than the Judge Obama put up,if by some chance it's about time in office MOST of U are UP SOON

You're hypocrite.  You and your party wouldn't give Garland a vote and the election year excuse is lame and you know it.
You must be so proud.
DJT quietly changed rules so he can take $$ fr his business without having to tell the public.
Excellent statement! Who was that very rude woman talking during your time?
you talk big talk, but fall in line just like the rest of them. No SCOTUS nominee while the @POTUS is under investigation!
Who said? Graham

60-vote [to confirm SCOTUS nominees] good because it requires both parties to get handful of votes
Curious why is it necessary to put someone that will only work to take away women's rights. Government has no place in that arena! @vp
Gorsuch is a poor choice for the SCOTUS. Please reconsider your support of this candidate. 

- one of your constituents in the Upstate
Should've been titled "Graham Criticizes Partisan Attack on Judge Garland." ICYMI, you failed to do your job last year. Cause? Partisanship.
just shut up and change the rules. dems will not & should not confirm gorsuch after GOP shameful treatment garland
No nuclear option.  Do not change the rules. Short term gain is not worth long-term harm.
ICYMI there is a national security crisis installed in the WH. How about that oath you took to protect nation fr threats foreign/domestic? 
ICYMI: you along with @SenateMajLdr and @SenateGOP blocked Merrick Garland. All due to hatred of @POTUS44 #disgraceful
Not interested in watching this shite. We DO NOT support Gorsuch. You are not listening to your constituents. We will remember at the polls.
Thank you for re-enforcing difference between Republicans & Democrats. Dems only hear words they can manipulate to be negative & dramatic!
This tweet is either facetious or blind. I'm giving it the benefit of the doubt and going with facetious.
Nope it's real & what part of the video of Graham can u not see?
I do not know what hearing you were listening to either.  The man is not suited for the Supreme Court.
Mr Graham, what the GOP did to Garland was partisan and disrespectful. The DEMS have every right to return the same treatment to Gorsuch.
NOOOOOOO!!
I am saving up to donate to your next Democratic opponent.  I will work for that person and get people to the polls.
#SusanRice Did you know?
Please stop lying about the "Biden rule". You cherry pick information and forget the Thurmond response. Further- not a real rule.
Look. I have a lot of respect for you. However, aren't you being disingenuous about the #SCOTUSnominee considering #MerrickGarland?
You should play it right next to your video of you criticizing the partisan attack on Garland. Oh wait!
If only you had such principle on judicial nominations last year.
The GOP has short term memory loss. Also out right lies. Not 80 yrs since election yr SCOTUS. Reagan did in his last yr.
Bravo!! #confirmgorsuch
