Hey @LindseyGrahamSC if you could stop excusing treason....
Maybe because of his ties to a consulting firm under investigation for corruption.
I guess we only follow facts when they don't lead to you right @LindseyGrahamSC
That marketing firm covers half the state of SC, which isn't very big.
I don't care what it does as long as it ends up with some of them in jail.
Lengthy TV interview with @RepAdamSchiff last night and he said the opposite with the exception that SC/Mueller info will remain private.
Then he should have done something about it.
Not true! Your job is to investigate & provide answers to the public! His job is to investigate all aspects, including criminal!
Good!!! Enough of all the asses getting 2nd and 3rd hand info and speaking it as fact.
Congressional probes are worthless - the entire GOP is compromised.
Just when yu think yu off the hook? Sorry USA still needs answer on the Russian hacking of election..still senate can continue that
=> Oh c'mon!  Lindsey Graham can manufacture more reasons to have a case of the vapors than anyone I know . .. .
@maggieNYT which is all great news for the WH
Based on watching the ridiculous hearings where Repubs were rambling on about unmasking & leaks those investigations are 2 partisan anyway
He's a US Senator. There's something he can do about this!
Yeah, right. They never intended to do anything anyway. He needs to stop crying. He had his chance.
Can we stop holding him up as an example of a reasonable politician? He sometimes talks a good game, but he’s a hack
Sp Counsel Criminal Investigation - Congressional election inquiry ..both should have common goals..defend the republic..make it work...
@LindseyGrahamSC congressional probes are a joke anyway.  Lot of posturing and pretending. Give me a special counsel anyday.
I can't figure graham out. Is he team trump or team USA? Or is he playing trump? It's a head scratcher.
Trump has something on Graham.  I think Trump had recording of Ryan, McCarthy, conveniently released after announcement of Mueller. Revenge.
They weren't doing much so good
Yeah, the leaks have produced more. The Congressional investigations literally uncovered nothing. Although they did make GOP look very bad.
I don't think they should shut them down entirely though. Hearings should be held as allowed by Mueller. Can't taint the prosecution.
Congressional probes should focus on preventing future election meddling, cyber security, revisions to presidential conflicts exemptions.
And they need to stop voter oppression and gerrymandering!!
If he wants to further diminish his credibility, he'll go straight to fox entertainment.
Which he is
It doesn't have to be that way can do both
 
We had public hearings during Watergate! Why not now? @LindseyGrahamSC
doesn't have too
Congress should think of it as a friendly competition. Whoever comes up with the best probe of Trump's Russian connections wins.
Maybe a great way to judge who's really trying to investigate and who is trying not to investigate.
Love your cover profile Lou!  the UNITED STATES OF RUSSIA!
Actual Time cover! Yay for it!
I gotta get a copy, it will be historic, when the US FIGHTS the traitors who want Russia in our WH
Investigation will also look into @DNC @HillaryClinton for Russia hack, & possible corruption in @DNC @johnpodesta
Yeah.  Uh huh Lindsey.
Good, because the slow walk that those GOP-led committees were doing has been harming our democracy. Checks and balances indeed!
I don't agree
BS.
I will vote for anyone who runs against him. Even Alvin Greene would be better.
He also said he supported the appointment. Just that it would be harder to get public testimony.
@LindseyGrahamSC now opens his mouth after standing by the Party.  Congressional investigations will continue with open hearings at times
Lindsey Graham doesn't understand the power of the people. He probably thinks he's responsible for the investigation too, it's the people.
@iamchrisjudge Pffft. Like the congressional investigation was going to amount to anything anyway....
We won't give up.
We need public access
I often wonder how reporters can bite their tongue when listening to powerful idiots.
It will shut down the leaks?  And a Republican thinks this is bad?  Very confusing!
which is upsetting, because Judiciary was preparing to handle it #yesterday's letter.
Lindsay Graham is complicit.
True.
Things are getting CRIMINAL! It's not just about informing the public. Criminal takes priority.
it's a good thing @POTUS lacks the impulse control and executive functioning ability to not tweet
How do we know after working for Obama they stayed honest. Most people turned crooked and got away with it. Hope this is not going on
@LindseyGrahamSC Lindsey has been calling for a special prosecutor so what's changed after meeting with president a few weeks back?
Hell yes Senator Graham now there's going to be a real investigation. The Congressional lines should continue with their public hearings.
yes and liberals will bitch about that too!  It's a no win game at this point
We've seen what a current congressional probe looks like. I'll take the special counsel
Special prosecutor will only report on broken laws. Therefore "no collusion" liberals will never be satisfied with Mueller's report.
Of course they will say that. They are trying to undermine the special counsel.
I'm actually kind of ok with that. -worried
Showboating stops here. Trump team either guilty, or Director Mueller calls his boys to order!
Hallelujah!
When did he become such a Trump Bitch. He needs to go back to SC
how crazy is that??Where is the transparency??
I don't need to know the details. I want it over. What good is the investigation about Russia when GOP tries to distract with leak questions
I think the groundwork is laid out, all Mueller has do to is execute!  FBI has so much more than what is being leaked.
HOW ABOUT WE PLAY NICELY AND DO OUR JOBS AND CUT THE SHIT! WE THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STAES OF AMERICA ARE PISSED AND WE WANT ANSWERS NOW!
You mean the partisan investigations that have been dragging on in Congress that Lindsey tweeted were in the way of conducting business?
I'm OK with that. You blue bell.
He actually said that? Then "somebody" REALLY has him by the balls....
Why are we even wasting time with investigations when the Dems have already decided the results. So much 4 innocent until proven guilty.
Nice try.
What's that meaning for public hearing with Comey?
@LindseyGrahamSC you don't actually believe this stop thinking ends justify the means
Graham is useless. So "troubled" & "concerned" but does NOTHING. Words are meaningless if not supported by actions.
Lindsey old buddy, that may be true to some degree. But, Mueller is far more likely to uncover the unvarnished truth than you guys.
Only if GOP wants it to
Tell Lindsey that it's not spelled "special counsel". The correct spelling is "Richard Burr". You're welcome. #TrumpRussia #BurrIsComplicit
I think the special counsel will be a stark contrast to the partisan  GOP led congressional probes. He knows that.  They don't care.
What public access? All the Senate are hiding from any questions on the record
American public needs answers, audit election theft. New incorruptible vote machine system, uncorrupted voter rolls, end voter suppress acts
It might but by saying that @LindseyGrahamSC  looks suspicious.
Less political, quicker and more thorough. So, what's the downside?
Does @LindseyGrahamSC mean like Senate's Yates hearing where Republicans talked about Hillary's emails then left? What a loss that will be!
Funny how Lindsey was all for a true bipartisan investigation when he felt confident a special counsel wouldn't be appointed
The concern:Mueller's invstn' has no public accountability & public hearings might b curtailed as ppl like Comey delay testifying, right?
Yes, because we've had such great progress by the congressional probes so far.
Great! Now let's get on to tax reform and healthcare policy and let the SC sort out the Russian thing.
@LindseyGrahamSC. Hello, Hello, Hello! Nothing Changes With The Congressional Investigations! They Are Still Happening! Ask John McCain! 
@maggieNYT @LindseyGrahamSC Only if you let it. Stand up and make sure Rs do what needs to be done. Defend our country.
Good point @LindseyGrahamSC, that's why you should support a congressional select committee
With as much interference as congressional R's have been running, that can only be a good thing.
Nope. Sorry Lindsey. Not going away. Just getting started.
You mean the probes that were sputtering along!
Why?  The special counsel is investigating crimes.  Congress was never doing that.
Graham is just mad that he won't get as much attention, congress still imp since they can sanction Russia, spec counsel can't do that.
Hint: Congressional leaders had already amply demonstrated their eagerness to quash this. Probes don't get much more diminished than that!
Lindsey Graham can suck it. We all saw the questions he was asking in the public hearings. Thanks for nothing
Big Time, L Graham is a joke. The DJT admin, as a result--GOP is getting exposed for what they really R, corruptable.
The public trust has been violated; we need as much as possible to be made public.  House and Senate investigations need to proceed.
You'll get less that is public now that's it's under SC.
Latest Graham tangent. Oddball.
He hasn't retired yet???????
So now are we going to get silence for years?
That's exactly what it will do. In a few weeks it will be as though nothing has happened and trump & GOP will go on with their agenda
He's saying that because he was opposed to the idea.

Do your job, @LindseyGrahamSC. Get a healthcare bill. Get of your ass. You make me sick.
He is just upset they can no longer ask questions that don't pertain to Russia like the Travel Ban.
We'll take that chance, Lindsey Graham. Special counsel has a good reputation; Lindsey, what are you doing to increase public access?!!
Well, if the Republicans on the probe weren't as useless as a pecker on a post then this wouldn't have happened.
PS have fun at the tea party with Sasse and Amash
That's straight up paranoia. How did his pronouncements work out for him in the presidential
true enough - but the existence of "CRIMES" requires a Special Prosecutor
next time don't elect someone so UNFIT/Corrupt
Noooooooo noooooooo noooooooo
Right! Stop pretending like you really care about America. We know you are still defending Trump.
Despite treason, diminishing the #TrumpRussia congressional probes has been Republicans' job from the start.
LINDSEY GRAHAM tells me that the special counsel will now "diminish " the congressional probes into Russia - and shut down public access
Generally, criminal investigations do not proceed in an open public forum, for a variety of good reasons.
More accurately it will diminish R's failed attempts to cover 4 Trump or spin the bullshit.Fine by me. This investigation is now A-Political
He had his chance to act. Now sit the fuck down and watch the adults do their jobs.
Lindsey is the most irrelevant politician on either side of the aisle. He's in the middle of a marble building waiting for the wind to blow.
@maggieNYT Shutting down public access will not restore the faith in our branches.
@LindseyGrahamSC what probe? They haven't done anything. Shut down public access so they don't look even dumber.
He's just mad because Rosenstein emerges as the only person in the government right now who's not a democrat, who told Trump to GF himself.
Diminish his own role, is what he means
We can all do with fewer nightly crises. This week has been a series of nonstop Earth shaking bombs. A break would be nice
That's the point, Lindsey! 1) diminish cong. hearings mired in political maneuvering 2) take it away from public spinners & focus on law.
We need more glasnost.
It's an unfortunate outcome. However Congress is probably now better employed in hardening defences for the future
the only thing it diminishes is the Republican control over it.  @gop no longer have the ability to put their spin on it and cover up.
@LindseyGrahamSC  is a #liar  a #traitor.
Maybe if people like Graham actually did something instead of talking all the time we wouldn’t have gotten to this point
@LindseyGrahamSC is consistent with his lies and poor judgement. He thinks his constituents are dumb.
Shut down good so long as honest prosecutor runs show.  Investigations should not be confused with entertainment.
I hope your follow up was the point out that it was up to him and the other Senators not to let that happen.
That's a problem.
Ok fine. Vote on an independent commission, ala 9/11. Have both going, satisfy everyone.
Public access? What does that mean?
Lindsey Graham continues to be a joke.

Not a bad thing.
Looks like @LindseyGrahamSC is scared of the #SpecialCounsel & he's supposedly one of the "ok ones" so can't imagine how @SpeakerRyan feels!
We would hate to lose that intense Republican scrutiny that has been so evident recently!
Seriously, they haven't moved off their dime yet!
Why @davidfrum has been calling for an independent commission in stead of/alongside a special counsel investigation. Public accountability.
Exactly. I don't wait until Trump finishes his term to find out he colluded with Russia.  That is a good chance with special counsel.
If we thought we could trust the Republicans to do a thorough...not you of course Sen. Graham.  
Nunes' nonsense didn't give me confidence.
Republicans now don't have to answer to constituents for the actual investigation, they can go back to being moles. @LouiseMensch
Moles: blindly leading each other
How do you diminish something that barely exists?  They've put almost no staff on this.

What does Trump have on @LindseyGrahamSC ??
Huh?
So he's in on it too. It's so easy to determine now.
Except TRUMP is Going to Fire ROB & BOB. ..Back To The Drawing Board Republicans
Yes, and public access is only a recent electronic thing. I can live w/out it if Mueller is handling it.
That's fine in a way because we didn't trust them to do what they had to.
Well, @LindseyGrahamSC is wrong
Based on what? A criminal investigation by doj doesn't replace congressional investigations.
What @LindseyGrahamSC means is that GOP won't be able to hide info any longer...they will be held accountable for Donny's dumb ass
Good. I think a forced break from the shit show is what we all really need but are unable to self impose.
It would diminish other investigations only if Congress backs off. I acknowledge that coordination could be challenging.
So does this mean the public gets a heavily redacted report in 2023 or so?
Normally, I'd opine "yes" but I think that absolutely everything that doesn't compromise "sources & methods" is made public. In 25 years.
Lol give Trump a minute, we'll be right back in
Finally get the rats from @cnn and invisible sources they have that make up fakenews.
Follow up, "What congressional probes into Russia?" Toss that question out to McConnell and Ryan too.
what about the congressional hearings/investigation. How will it be any different than before?
that is the point
Why that makes no fucking sense!
Tell that used car sales man Lindsey that he's full of shit. He's trying to sell that 74 pinto as a new car to the American public fuck that
Tell him the only gullible people enough to believe this shit it's trump supporters they'll believe anything
That's fine. Let's find the truth! That's all we're asking for.
