The collapse and replace of Lindsay Graham may prove to be the most effective path forward.
You want these positions in government, but you have no interest in protecting the American people!
You all haven't worked with Dems  in the past 8 years, if you had we all could have great health care coverage. So don't call foul now
Exactly!
Had SC implemented ACA as designed thousands ofSC residents would still be alive. You are more than happy to let people die, obstructionist.
I have always like you that ended today now I feel you are just pathetic
How many people have to die?
Obamacare never collapsed, you just didn't want it to work in the first place
How is that more effective? How is replacing it with a weaker, less worthwhile "plan"" good?
do not vote to pass this ridiculous piece of legislation. It will kill the medical communityI work in a major hospital my patients will pay
Republicans see a sick but curable patient [Obamacare], fail to treat for 6 years & says death is inevitable. #GOP #ACA
I am a big supporter. Serious Question: Obama said he asked R's for improvement to ACA. Did Republicans ever offer to make it better?
BS!
NO!  Not collapse.  Simply improve it.   You work for your constituents & we're LIVID.
If thinking that is what it takes for you to lead the vote against this catastrophic bill, then by all means. What you say, sir.
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
Congratulations- lower premiums for the young and the healthy- but leaves the poor and sick without healthcare. Disgusting/ unconscionable.
Don't let it collapse! Create a FAIR tax plan-Cut military budget! Take CARE of ALL YOUR PPL not just the RICH ones!
Why are Republicans so bound and determined to erase Obama's legacy at the expense of the American people?
I had very, VERY little respect for you to begin with. You just whittled it down to none.
prosecute Obama an Hillary American deserve jistice
You're a vet - I saw you in Iraq - this'll hurt vets: no tax credits, service-connected injuries = pre-existing conds. What will you do?
Why does it have to collapse?   Why can't Congress FIX it.  Isn't that your jobs?!?
You mean "the most politically expedient way forward."  I hope you're working to prevent it from collapsing, not hurrying it along.
What is the value of a health insurance company? What benefit do they add to a medical interaction? None. Single payer is the way to go.
You aren't looking @ this rationally! 80% of Amer. like their insurance. Can't u just make some chngs & call it Graham Act?
You're collapse do to heart failure might prove otherwise... if you had this healthcare "plan"
Ur decision 2 put the interists of corp ins & big pharma ahead of Americans health & well being is what colapsed Obama care. U sold us out.
Wow - you people are so out of touch - too bad this plan doesn't affect you - if it did, the plan would be much different! #pitiful #cold
Trumpcare-Higher premiums and deductibles. Less healthcare.  55yr olds and older, premiums increasing 700 percent.Nothing but BAFOONS in WA.
I just lost all respect for you. Very disappointed.
As one of his pointy headed intellectual constituents, I always enjoy voting against him.
People with disabilities need to be carefully thought of before anything is passed!
Please say no to a bill that keeps women from care for pregnancy sex assault and dom viol - I am horrified at this one
Trumpcare 2.0 will kill my son and many others with pre existing conditions.
You guys are gonna blow that out of the water, aren't you? 
Didn't you say you wanted to repeal and replace Ocare? Don't let it fail. Do what you said you would do.
ok, now you have a chance to fix healthcare!!  It is killing us out here.  Please help us!!
Oh when is that? When all of us who can't afford healthcare die off?
My vote for the most effective path forward is to replace Republican seats with HUMAN BEINGS.
Try not to be gutless Senator. Get it over with!
Senator - my primary concern is the welfare of my fellow Americans, not the party responsible. Please handle the AHCA better than the house.
At a fundamental level, it is important that healthcare be setup to help the most vulnerable as well as provide preventative care.
One of the most important ways to do this is to protect (everywhere, by Federal law) those with pre-existing conditions.
In addition, the bill must appear to recognize both genders with respect - with no option to decline coverage based on pregnancy or abuse.
I will watch carefully as you act as one of many custodians of the #ahca, in the hope you will have greater regard than @SpeakerRyan .
That seems incredibly mean-spirited of you, Lindsey.
Lindsey, please give us a national health care plan with no involvement of the greedy, corrupt, and totally unnecessary insurance companies.
You could amend existing legislation and make it work better. Isn't that what elected officials are supposed to do?
But you well know they won't replace it.  They won't pay taxes to cover it. That was first order. Repeal the taxes.
Perfect. I think we can all agree that we can happily reform the #ACA and make it single-payer. Right?
Why not REPAIR ACA? That would be a truly bipartisan solution. No to #AHCA
False. I have insurance because of the #ACA. #Trumpcare2 is a death sentence for millions of Americans from babies to seniors.
#VoteNoAHCA
Obama care needs to be repealed and made new health care programs...
Obama Care is going to crash. Too expensive. To many extra expenses.
I hope all politicians are included under #Trumpcare and not excluded. If excluded then don't pass #trumpcare

You appear to be the most sound minded Republican we have.. please work with Dems to fix this nonpartisan issue!! A new bill is inefficient!
no!
It might be, but it is time to govern together, now more than ever
Rolling back women's access to & education about proper care will harm the United States as a whole. Replacing just to replace is foolhardy.
Never mind the oft-harrowing decision many women have to make to have emergency C-sections to save their AND their unborn child's lives.
The very idea that a woman and her children's care could be interrupted if she accurately reported domestic violence is obscene.
For women, sexually active or not, an annual OBGYN visit is often more important than a physical. Making OBGYN care optional is dangerous.
With all respect, Senator, how can you think to vote for a bill that would jeopardize a woman's access to care if she reported an assault?
Translation: Ur going 2 squeeze the life out of ACA by underfunding &under-marketing/2 hell with the citizens this hurts/just win @ all cost
Exactly who will benefit from this? Big Corporate America=$$$$$. American citizens = -0  Shame, Shame Shame on you!!
stop this bullshit propaganda you are spouting. South Carolina will mobilize against you. Next election you are fired.
The ACA's risk corridors were defunded in a move to ensure insurers would go broke. Fix that and you will undo the damage you voted for.
Work to fix and improve it Obamacare. #TrumpCare is not the answer. Don't play with your constituents health like a game of chicken.
and I thought that you were one of the "good" guys Lindsey
Y dont u work with Dems to fix this? Who releases a product & does not update it? Have u ppl ever had a fucking job!!! #Trumpcare
It's not Obamacare anymore. It's Trumpcare and the GOP owns the health system now. Good luck with that!
If you care (and i know you do) maybe draft some legislation improving healthcare instead drafting bullshit rationalizations.
Not a chance.
Won't be voting for you or anyone else who did this in the next election. Should have fixed Obamacare not repeal it! bye Bye!

Rape is made a preexisting condition; millions with chronic conditions will die; children among most vulnerable.

This is how CNN frames it. https://twitter.com/EmmyA2/status/860203780268212225 …
we understand it had to be fixed, u had 8 yr, then a bill if rushed thru without being vetted, we'll speak at the polls,stop finger pointing
Do not repeal Obamacare and replace it with trumpcare
Those are good words, but you're literally killing people. Letting cancer patients die for a "path forward" is not a solution.
Your cheering on of Trumpcare makes you complicit in the loss of healthcare to millions of Americans, while millionaires get tax cuts.
you talk about Obamacare collapse w/ delight. Where is your compassion for those it covers? Protect them. Fix it.
It will be on your hands, Senator. Prove your values. I know you are a better man than to hold party above country. Do the right thing.
Lindsi: "While we fucked selves in ass w/repeal BS & Drumpf fucks US w/ everything, I'm still onboard w/aid & abet treason, I like bombs"
What is it about you that leaves you deserving of health care benefits?
You should visit the health depts that serve many in SC - see how those folks struggle and then EXPAND MEDICAID so they can get care.
@linseygrahamsc how do you say collapse and replace and then save a Bill unscored, 3 hours debate must be met with caution & still vote Yes?
House Toads: "We handled 1/6th of the economy in a short story, Obama had thousands of pages, short stories are much better."
If Graham votes to repeal ACA-SC voters should vote him out of office--next time he up for re-election.
"I have no healthcare ideas for people, only insurance cos. I'm ready to lie as blatantly about this as I do about Drumpf/Russia treason."
What do you suggest American do in the meantime - while YOU still have coverage? Hang on until 2018 elections?  NO.
It's over for you #RepealandReplaceLindseyGraham
Lindsey people felt the benefit of healthcare they will be pissed off when they loose it
For whom? Congress is keeping the ACA for themselves, but are screwing We The People!
Yeah.. the GOP is off to a good start, jacka$$.
Great strategy! Why not collapse the education system too? How about the financial system? And the ecosystem? Oh yeah, GOP is on all those
Not with this bill to replace it. Not in a million years.
Shame!
Gonna do my utmost best to see that you do not get reelected!
quit trying to ease your own conscious. Just another Yes man.
Disagree! What happens to the un- and underinsured in the meantime? Cruel.
If that path forward is over the bodies of children.
Really are there pictures of you somewhere that you don't want seen? Can I get your cellphone number to put online? Personal number please.
Even u may be repealed and replaced with a Dem- and u are one of the only GOP I LIKE.... Vote by doing what's best for the ppl! VOTE NO!
An effective path backward, sir.
I agree. This bill is too close to ACA. Knowing that ACA is going to collapse within a year the Senate should start fresh
Bullshit
Dream on
Let's be clear, if you vote against repealing Obamacare I will vote you out!! I'm an sc resident.  Get onboard the trumptrain!
Put your country before your party and do the right thing. Work to make ACA the best law it can be. Don't take away people's healthcare.
Single payer, medicare for all
So please vote against this #trumpcare BS.
Traitor. #2018
as long as the GOP doesn't fuck it up by not funding it, o-care will be fine.
Obamacare needs fixing but this bill hits people with pre-existing conditions
Your lack of compassion is disgusting
Obamacare? Trumpcare? Who cares? Quit being ridiculous and truly do what is best for the country when it comes to health care.Too much greed
Do your job. House did theirs, now do yours. You've bitched about ObamaCare for 7 years. Get this bill through!
Only a coward would sit and wait for it to collapse. Bring to the table a plan to fix it. Repeal and Replace is marketing not governing.
I am mortified you have such little concern for your constituents that you believe this is a good idea. #flipthe5th #ResistTrumpCare
Sources backing up this claim would be helpful
Country over party Lindsay - I thought that you were smarter than this...
You. Are. Pathetic.
You should be next to go! #VoteNoAHCA
Or most effective route to the graveyard for many. But who the heck knows since you did not score.
This is hypocritical in lieu of the way the GOP allowed McConnell to hijack Senate. Both parties need to find their way back to the people!
Operative word is " may"
Simply sickHow can you celebrate this
What is the endgame? How does this improve the lives of your constituents? Who gets comprehensive affordable care? #VotersFirst
Some people won't survive the collapse.
You are as partisan as the next hack.
The GOP are hired killers for insurance companies and big businesses
Most effective in repeal and replacing the house
GOP IS COLLAPSING ACA! STOP IT! SINGLE PAYER IS THE ONLY WAY FORWARD ON HEALTHCARE. KILL HEALTH INSURANCE INDUSTRY, NOT AMERICANS.
Big businesses wins again due to Republicans greed
Shame on the GOP!
You know that much of the (still hypothetical) collapse of #Obamacare is #trump-induced.
Yea, let's burn down the house cause we don't like the paint on the walls. There's only about 24M people inside.
You're crazy
If you vote to replace Obama care I promise 2020 will be your last in Senate
Or, you could ... you know, WORK ON FIXING THE EXISTING LAW! If only you had 6+ years to work on this.
So make the ppl suffer because the Senate and House need a desperate situation to react. Unbelievable!
You are happy to see millions without coverage!! Oh, I forgot, you're covered so you don't need to consider the vulnerable children.
Are you KIDDING ME?!? C'mon. You know better.
SINGLE PAYER you jerk! Stop representing insurance companies & start representing the citizens of America #sellout #traitor
Ran into a stone-faced @RepCummings, contemplating the day. "They take away coverage from 24 million…and they cheer," he said. "They cheer."
It will mean the end of the GOP majority in 2018, so YES it will move us forward!
You don't throw the baby out with the bath water. Fix what's broken. Don't quickly make something up and pass it to try to look good. #Lives
How many people dying are you comfortable enough with to be proven wrong?
If you really believe that wait until you see American's reactions to what you heartless people just did. Shameful!!!
My husband a disabled USMC vet will quickly lose coverage under lifetime limits & wont be able to get quality insurance w/pre existing con
U bet. Republicans will lose house in 2018. And so will u if you pass trumpcare
Unless you are sick...or old...or poor...or live in a cheap or broke State..great job hypocrites.
Effective if it leads to death of the weak among us due to lack of access to care when sick?
Shame on you, Senator
The 'collapse' is due to constant sabotage by those on the Right. The People are watching, Senator. Remember who you work for.
Shame on you for endorsing this tragedy for 24 million Americans #ACA was sabotaged by #gop putting party over country & you know it #shame
You are a monster. You will let millions of people die before you admit that you put party over nation. You sir, are no patriot
If you have workable suggestions for improvement to the ACA, why not propose them?
Not sure how you sleep at night, honest to God. People will die because of what you and your greedy, self-righteous peers did today.
Shouldn't you wait for a collapse prior to replacement?
I mean one takes meds after getting sick not prior 
Keep thinking that.
Good luck next year. You're going to need it. You're finished. Maybe you can learn a new skill. HVAC, perhaps?
Too complicated. Parking garage attendant.
Forgive me. I gave him way too much credit.
You are literally OK with people dying to prove your point?
ACA did not collapse. It required reimbursement to stabilize and incent insurers to enter and stay. GOP blocked funding and sabotaged. Liar.
Not for those of us with preexisting conditions, like my 20 year old son with kidney disease. Please consider the impact on SC families.
No
Or it may not and lots of the poor and elderly of your state die. Not that anyone gives a crap about them.
