This is a sad day for America regardless of your political leaning. You are no patriot Lindsey, you are an enemy of democracy.

LG's probably the most anti-Putin legislator on the hill, do your homework ffs.
He talks tough but his votes say another altogether.
Total BS. He's the one who for yrs has made sure funds went into baltic states anti-putin propaganda measures. There's a miles long list. BS
Then why is he blocking access to trump's tax records, why won't he back an independent investigation into Russian involvement?
That argument was in the house & he's a senator!  Hes the one who told Sessions to recuse too. READ.
But he still doesn't seem to actually ski anything but talk
Going nuclear was not the answer.
Apples and Oranges, Dems never went nuclear for SCOTUS.
besides there was a lower court judicial and agency emergency to get judges confirmed because of GOP obstruction.
GOP = Smug Arrogant Deranged Hypocrites
Perjurer
& you failed ur constituents, because we r against gorsuch. Do ur job & represent us not urself. Otherwise this will be your last term
And again, it's not about Gorsuch it's about how he got there. Shame..
Democracy was nice. I miss it.
No thank you. Have a lovely day.
You were wrong on this!
@MSNBC you changed the rules like a sore looser. The movies pattern bad characters after you.
Maybe but the law serves people not the other way around.
Spoken like a white man's white man. #FireGraham
Denying rights to women, Gays, children and the poor is not outstanding. We need a constitutionalist, not a religious zealot.
FY Lindsey Graham and Mitch McConnel. Should have been Merrick Garland.  I hate the GOP for their shit.  Black guy doesn't get to choose.
You and @SenJohnMcCain  did not stand by your Country, but by your party.  You have helped destroy the Senate. For shame.
Gorsuch is going to go down in history as the judge who didn't meet the bar for supreme court.
He is up for re-election 2020. Don't forget. Don't let this slide. Fellow SC residents, Nov 2019 - vote him out.
#NuclearOption #WeObject You are not speaking for all of us.  We will vote you out!!  From An SC voter
This is what I've been telling him. He better enjoy this term.
Fellow SC constituent here. Voting him out as well.
America was made Stronger today! #Gorsuch will Uphold the #Constitution!
Another GOP lie.  America is much weaker with removal of filibuster. SCOTUS is weaker because of Gorsuch
Great day for your SCOTUS=bad time for the too old, too young, too sick, too poor, workers, air, water, soil, food chain, minorities, world
GOP sucks.  You just destroyed democracy as we see it.
Just when I was starting to think you were a balanced conservative. I should have known.
Wrong. You and 53 others voted party over country. The three "dems" that voted are really GOP in hiding. #SHAME
Why are you letting the destruction happening to this country! Losing hope in you!
Corporations are people.  Right.  Right my ass.
You continue to overlook the fact that Garland never got a HEARING!!  You blame the Dems for a filibuster but you denied Garland a hearing.
Stolen seat by a stolen Presidency!
When are you going to come out of the closet?  really sister. We all know
You and your colleagues have sold the American people out. Shame on you (except that you have none).
No, it's a TERRIBLE day! You guys changed the rules & are removing necessary checks & balances. Why are you helping to destroy Democracy?
because the GOP puts their authoritarian conservatism above our country.
The return of Lord and the serfs mentality..historically the Lords lose their heads
Thinking you'll overloook Trumps teams collusion with Russia if he does what you want with Syria etc. How have we arrived here as a nation?
Well Senator I don't think the judge would approve of using foul language on @MeetThePress
PutIn's nominee. Broken senate.  PutIn celebrating.
Personality Disordered people do not change.Trump is all impressed with himself because the GOP is extatic with Syrian intervention.  Watch!
Trump is an evil man.  He is not a smart man. He is egocentric and all he cares about is Trump.  He would stab you in the back for his gain.
It's hard for me to believe you were so taken in by Trump's attack on Syria.  I get it he gave Syria a warning.  Don't be fooled by a fool.
seems to me you are not to popular along with the rest of the GOP!All our founding Fathers are rolling over in their graves
Shame on you, not a great day, you all disrespected Obama!  As far as 45 acting about Syria presidential BARF!
except if you have special needs child. Thanks for nothing.
Yeah great day. Congrats on your nuclear option and making the senate more partisan than ever. Nice job with that.
#imwithher murdered Seth rich.  Ps youre a globalist
Great right everyone???? Yes. Everyone agree?!!
who's that little Vietnamese boy you and senator john McCain share????? #pedogate #shadowbrokers
But NOT a PEOPLE'S judge.  Not happy with Gorsuch here.
You've got to b kidding.  Not 4 women.  Not 4 the Senate. Not 4 anyone who believes in checks and balances.
Correction: A far-right judge's judge. A judge that rules in favor of corporations,  against the little guy! Should have confirmed Garland
Why did u go against everything you felt for 45  he's a disgrace and his ties to Russia will be out soon enough. Take back what u said.
I was just getting to really like you and respect what u say but after praising 45 I was shocked. His motives were so transparent
Just saw u praising ur new bff! I was so sad seeing u both praise trump but for what? How is he a hero? U & McCain need to be off committee!
How do you know Graham?  Gorsuch will follow right wing laws. You know it.  Also, shame on you for stating Trump is Reagan?  Ha
Always considered U pt of dream team cause U spoke truth. This was not fair & U No it. NG wl never B a judges judge. Both of U shud B shame
concerned when word "bigly" slipped from mouth. Sen. Interviewing him caught it. Only 2 people use that word, NG & DJT. I find that strange
NOTHING TO  SEE HERE !? TRUMP CATCHES ALLEY FROM PUTIN IN SYRIA TO FINISH WITH 59.. BACK CHANNEL SCHEME?  @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton
I so hope you're still in office when the next president is elected so I can listen to your whining when an ultra-liberal is appointed. Haha
What YOU and the republican party have done to the Senate was to demean the very structure and it's purpose.

Hillary: Seeks more money for embassy security. GOP? NO!

Obama: Seeks approval to attack Syria. GOP? NO!…
What a joke.
You wont be re-elected if I can help it. You betrayed this country
@CNN @MSNBC Proof Constituents voices means 0.Rs will go great lengths to get whatever they want, at any cost to Taxpayers.
you  just date raped democracy by forcing Gorsuch on us. How manly you must feel.

Trump Confident U.S. Military Strike On Syria Wiped Out Russian Scandal http://www.theonion.com/article/trump-confident-us-military-strike-syria-wiped-out-55722 … via @theonion
Should br the people's judge.
Sad, you changed the rules to do it.  To think if you had given Obama's pick a hearing it might not have come to this!
"I like the sound of that."
You lost all credibility appearing on the Bill O'Reilly show ! I now know you think Sexual-harassment isn't important! Neither does Gorsuch
I am ashamed for America.
You stole the seat from a legitimate president! This president got elected via Russian help! His staff has ties to Russia its called treason
Just saw you compare trump to Ronald Ragan! What are you smoking? Flip flop flip flop! You need to go!
After a legitimate nominee was refused any hearings & a 200 yr old rule was changed, the Senate GOP finally got its way. Gorsuch confirmed.
YOU MEAN, ASSOCIATE STOLEN JUDGE?
Not a great day, you changed the rules of our forefathers to get your own way.  It is a very sad day for our country.
Garland would have been a great Associate Justice. Changing the rules to jam this through is not a great day for America. #hypocrisy
Sad sad day
A sad day because you Senators cheapened the way of doing business.  Disappointed in all of you.
Boasts don't change that Senate GOP got Gorsuch a lifetime appointment by blocking Garland. President Obama wasn't elected to a 3-year term.
Great day. You had to change the rules to put this guy on bench bc 60 votes for a SC seat is unreasonable? U destroyed the Senate.
Sure.  A judge without integrity confirmed by a senate without integrity.  That's something to celebrate.
Well Lindsey, we need a PEOPLES judge. 
Shame on you! Apparently U prefer 2do what GOP wants instead of what is right What abt G's plagiarism that in itself was a big negative!!
stolen seat.. and merrick garland wouldn't of been.. come one Lindsey
Stolen and you are proud of that! You should sign up with team Putin too!
Scumbag move by slimy people.
You have done NOTHING for the American people. Do you feel good about the way you acquired your judge's judge? #GOP #GovOfPutin #firebannon
sadly he does, his statement proves it. I hope America is waking up. Hopefully we take a stand and force change. We need a 3rd or 4th party.
I am saddened by your lack of respect for our Democracy, you are a puppet for corruption & evil. One day SC will open its eyes & replace you
#TRAITOR  Selfish rich white men getting richer destroying democracy for greed and power. #votingyouallout
For Repubs who had a list of conservative judges. So great...you got your guy who will toe the party line versus follow the constitution.
The party that filibustered 79 lower court appointees & filibustered 307 times is solely responsible for this. #Stolenseat #MerrickGarland
You and GOP are destroying this country. Gave us Trump and now changed the Senate Rules. Can't wait for next election to vote you all out.
#partybeforecountry #dontletthedoorhityourassonthewayout
certainly not America's judge, or the people's judge. More like the stolen judge.
U are traitors. You've destroyed our democracy for your own satisfaction. Our forefathers are rolling in their graves and one day you'll pay
His comments about women and maternity care are not acceptable. A consensus pick would have been a better choice.
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT
If you are white, male and rich he'll be the judge for you. All others beware.
Americans will not forget that @GOP held @SCOTUS hostage and threatened to assassinate court thru years of attrition.
#MAGA
#UnAmerican
#PartyBeforeCountry
But not the senators these republican senators will break any 200 yr tradition to get what they want ANYTHING
Thank you for representing South Carolina Proudly with your positive vote for Judge Gorsuch and supporting President Trump 
Territorial status is not an option, not resolves, it is the problem and the people of Puerto Rico reject it. Statehood for Puerto Rico now.
What a shame for you senator, you support that the American citizens of Puerto Rico remain in a discriminatory territorial colonial system.
Sick republicans power play for a corporate Supreme Court judge. Lost respect for you Senator.
You forgot to put "NOT" at the end of your tweet.
Reagan would roll over in his grave if he heard that comparison!
Reagan never sexually assaulted women!  Reagan was never under investigation by the F.B.I.  Reagan never screwed Americans!
A great day to the GOP that expounds hypocrisy to get their way! Fortunately, hypocritical conservatives like you are a dying breed!
A picture with troops mostly ironic graham you support sending thousands of more us and hence world troops to Syria for what reason $$$
You don't care that theirs 25% of the us homeless population compromised of veterans or that you have former Vietnam,Kuwait,Afghanistan
And Iraq veterans in need of financial assistance medical assistance and homes and shelter enough with your war mongering
Whether it's Russia or Ukraine or Syria or Iraq you can't wait to do propaganda to send troops as cannon fodder for the elite and globalists
#NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar #NoMoreWar
Sad day for the Supreme Court & American people.  We rigged the system to confirm Judge Gorsuch. #RaceToTheBottom
#ConfirmGorsuch
You are the definition of hypocrisy.
Lin, You need to kick off the heels, wipe off the lipstick, wrap the boa around your shoulders and think about how useless you've  become.
Sorry you all have a kiss ass feeling for Trump to change rules.Own your last years behaviors in not holding a hearing. GOP's have to cheat!
Shame on you for voting nuclear.  Made a sad day in history to ensure you got your way. Time for all you bitter old men to retire. #pathetic
A hypocrite and corporate interest stolen seat judge. Good riddance you treason defending bastard.  #VoteThemOut 2018.
You lied and defied the norm to get your conservative crony on the bench. Shame on all of you so-called Christians. You will all burn.
why r taxpayers paying for entire staff to be in trumps Florida beach house? & w/all we got going in what's trump doing in Florida?
What a joke trump admin is!!!!
Wilbur Ross said Trump took out 20% of Syrian Air Force which is not true... what is Ross & Steve Mnuchin doing in the situation room anyway
wrong
It's not ISIL, it's ISIS.
Quit calling ISIS.... ISIL! President Obama said ISIL.... President Trump said we are going to say ISIS. Got it?
Watching you on Tucker & I agree with your position on the M.E. We have to do with it.
another ends justifies the means politician...worthless
Sad day for America when our lawmakers decide to circumvent the very thing that makes this country great: its laws.
The #NuclearOption changed this forever. You will regret your decision to break with tradition
Congrats. Can we have our democracy back now?
#STOLEN #STOLEN #STOLEN
I am an American and don't support this. So please don't make comments like you did knowing dull well thr majority do not agree with you.
We will not forget and we will not forgive. See you in the voting booth.
It's a dark money victory.  Woe to all of us.
You're a joke, now. Both you & @SenMcCain. I lost every iota of respect 4 you both, w/ your actions & statements today. #partybeforecountry
Bullshit
Probably not a great day for Merrick Garland, since you guys refused to even vote on him.
You should be ashamed of how you rammed this down the American people's throat.
So would Merrick Garland, who was nominated first!

I beg to differ!
Plus, you of all people should want to keep  marriage, legal!
You know damn well, 1st change, it will b undone/overturned
Yay for white Christian hypocrites!!
Too bad this "president" is not legitamate. #trumprussia #investigatetrump #hypocrisy
Great day for the GOP to continue to destroy our Government, you should be ashamed.
Terrible, terrible decision - you will pay for that in 2018 big time!
Awful day for the American people...
You're a smug, arrogant GOP authoritarian to claim this nuclear move was good for America!  #ILLEGITIMATE @SCOTUS #Gorsuch

Today women lost-old white men won by breaking the rules!
Uh, no it isn't! 1. Stolen seat 2. Plagiarism 3. Russiagate. Gorsuch indirectly appointed by Putin.  #ILLEGITIMATE  (and you know it)
Too bad you are unable to be an outstanding senator. Integrity is an important quality and you have proved that you are sorely lacking.
If your def of 'great' is changing rules to get your way, an ultimate toddler move then sure. Great.
Another win for democracy and America. Wait, you had circumvent laws and make shady deals to appoint him.  Another win for the billionaires!
A corporation's judge, actually.
Disgraceful that you had to destroy democracy to gain a judge!!!!!!
Shame on you!
GOP is now responsible for every 5-4 decision where big business wins over working people, women's rights, etc.  GOP, this will come back 2U
Bite you butt in the will this.
Seems like a pretty ordinary dude to me. Never outstanding. Plagiarist. And you guys had to break the senate to get him. Seems stupid to me.
Appreciate your dedication to getting Gorsuch confirmed.  Thank you.
That phrase doesn't really mean anything.
NO LINDSEY....ITS A GREAT DAY FOR CORPORATION'S....THE AMERICAN PEOPLE GOT FUCKED.
WRONG!!!
A Great day for corporations, maybe. Definitely NOT the people. Per Gorsuch prior rulings: corporations are more important.
In stolen seat.
Good. Now change that stupid rule back and get rid of it.
