Russia and Trump was made up by the Dems thinking it would let Hillary win. It didn't work. The Dems are still trying. It ain't gonna work.
Lying? Says who? The only lying ppl are the demorats. They always lie.
Were you there when they supposedly met? I don't think so. The only ones lying are the crooked Democrats.
i could probably get some 5th graders to give congress and POTUS some lessons.  It seems you've forgotten.
Would be helpful if @POTUS understood how the US government works.
It would be helpful if you would insist on an independent nonpartisan investigation of the corruption at the heart of this administration.
@realDonaldTrump Did you invote Trump to the meeting??? He could use some civics lessons as well.
is this how the US government works
Trump budget chief: Border wall will ‘protect millions of low income Americans’ who lose Obamacare http://ow.ly/7SWu30b6fPN  
It works? It did until Donald got into our House. Everything is corrupt now and you guys give a damn. Where are Russiagate investigations?
I'm still wondering how this administration is supposed to work!
It would be helpful if you could explain why we should build a wall when out infrastructure is crumbling & how it will be funded.
China is doing what you guys should be doing
Bad form Senator! First order of business should be for current admin to understand how US government works.
It would be helpful if Trump understood how the US government works.
We have a working government? Interesting viewpoint given the cabinet appointees that stand for the opposite of what their branches try n do
I think it's helpful for the president of the US to know how our government works.
It would be real helpful if the President knew how the US government works. BUT HE KNOWS NOTHING
Or doesn't, as the case may be
You are such a disappointment to me because you've never represented any of my requests...only yours.
I Trump puppet
It's helpful for US President to understand how US Government works
Senator Graham, I hope you understand that many of us live in daily fear that the current POTUS is struggling with just this issue.
No doubt, Mr. Graham! I couldn't agree more. It's frustrating trying to listen to some of the members rationalize what they're trying to do
What are your thoughts on what our own President should understand?
It would be helpful if you would insist on disclosure of Trump's tax returns.
Lindsey, rethink your thoughts. They have no business or need to be here. Your true colors show up too often.
How important could it be? It's not like the current administration has any clue how it works.
And you know how it works?????
Wouldn't it be even more helpful if our president understood how the US government works? #dumptrump
Built on lies from @realDonaldTrump @housegop con men exposed more everyday.  Welcome to American politics.  Reality and truth don't matter
Grow a pair, Senator, and while you're there explain to President Jackass how the executive branch of our government is supposed to work.
I think it would be helpful to investigate the Trump Russia connection.
Or note the fact that it doesn't thanks to @McConnellPress @POTUS and @GOP lies, manipulation and obstruction
Heck, it would be helpful if the so called president understood how the US government works. Can't have it all I guess.
Why? Right now must of us can't figure out how it works or even if it works.
It would be helpful if 45 knew how US government works.
Fact or fiction the UN is living in fiction don't persecute Syria but admonishes Israel
Give em hell
Explain it to ME!
And how is that exactly with a madman in the oval.

Replace "UN Security Council members" with "POTUS Trump" and you have a point.
Maybe you could explain it to the president as well, make up some flash cards.
I think it's helpful for POTUS to understand how US gov't works. #TrumpRussia #100daysofshame #impeachTrumpnow #incompetent #embarrassment
All I can do is laugh at your tweet Lindsey. Congress just changes it to suit their needs, remember? Noone knows how the US government works
and vice versa
Senator, I respectfully do not believe our Govt has been working at all, as of late
It would be nice if Mr Trump understood the workings of government.
It would be even more helpful if the trumppet's administration would learn how the UN works.
@AynRandPaulRyan @GOP @TheDemocrats GET TRUMP TO UNDERSTAND
@CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain  Sen. you are so funny.Thanks for making me smile.
I think it’s helpful for the UN Security Council members to understand how the US government works. (3/4)
It would be helpful if YOU knew government works for the PEOPLE.
How about adding and the person that holds the office of President @realDonaldTrump!!!
it won't matter
It would be helpful for donald trump to learn how the US government works. Most lazy and inept president. We will be voting all gops out
This understanding needs to begin with the new administration @realDonaldTrump
Would also be helpful if you would prevent rapes in s.c. by military instructors instead of ignoring them - trumpet groupie lindsey.
You decided how the US gov't works - POTUS picks SCOTUS nominee, then Senate has a hearing - was unacceptable for one POTUS but not another.
 U dont think ur remarks thru b4 u post, do u?Just close ur Twitter account already, before u make anymore of a fool of urself. JUST RESIGN
But the US govt does NOT work. That's the problem.
Help them understand how inept ineffective and underperforming our government and president are at the moment, ok?
we could say the same thing about you and your cohorts in the GOP. Or, how it's supposed to work, at the very least.
TRUE, But I want to know when impeachment/removal proceedings begin.  We are waiting.  Ever so impatiently in light add.  2028/2020 deadline
Would be even better is Trump & crew knew how our government worked!
Not sure the US government is working. Please encourage Senator Burr to sign letters needed to collect evidence in Russia probe.
ALSO would be helpful if POTUS understood
I'd say getting the lying, treasonous POTUS out of office along with all his racist pals would be the first order of business.
Look who is talking. You and the entire GOP are a complete disgrace. Enjoy it while it last, this clown shows Shelf life is expiring fast!
It helpful for  YOU and other senators to know that they work for constituents, not the Republican Party.  .@SenDeanHeller  ,@MarkAmodeiNV2
What, did you explain to them about the giant inferiority ridden man baby in the oval office?
I think it's more helpful is the president actually news how government works...maybe you potty train him..he's your damn dog
It would be helpful for the American people to understand that too.
C'mon you had no idea you'd be told we have a President who doesn't know history or current world events? Total embarrassment to the US!
How it worked in 2016 or now? Trump's administration doesn't deserve respect. Our allies are repelling away from GOP greed and recklessness.
I think it would be helpful if our president understood how government works. @LindseyGrahamSC
after you explain it to the UN Sec Council, can you explain it to @POTUS?
It would be more helpful if the President & his gaggle of incompetents understood the Constitution, UN, healthcare, economics, etc. Nov 2018
This tweet is too funny when we have the President that we have got.
I think it's helpful for the 'so called' President of the United States to know how the US government works!
#IndependentInvestigation
Maybe if this Admin had a plan or knew what they were doing that would b helpful! GOP=party b4 country. That's the only thing clear.Shameful
It would be helpfull if you realize how decent human being works ,you warmonger sold your soul to highest bidder
If congress & 45 would also understand how US government is supposed to work also, everything would be better. C how that works?!
You are close to becoming a traitor right along Trumpy. Back away from that line and call traitor trumpy out for what he is
It would be nice if some republicans had the balls to stand up to trump, be serious about his ties to Russia and truly cared about Americans
Did you cover most important part of US Gov? Enough money to fund someone's election, lets you gut EPA & Dept of Ed. Great oversight!
Only problem Lindsey ,it's NOT working
Same goes for the prez
... Good thing #yourPresident will be there to learn as well ... #thatexplainsthat
I think u wrote this w full knowledge everyone would respond that it would be extremely helpful if @potus45 understood how the US gov works
With all due respect Senator, half of our legislative branch, all of our executive branch and most U.S. citizens don't know how govt works.
I think it's important for the president of the U.S. to understand how the government works.
Can they then teach @realDonaldTrump how the US government works???
I think it's helpful for the so-called president and his henchmen to understand how the US government works. #FilltheSwamp
After you explain it to the U.N., explain it to US!!
It would also be helpful for @POTUS and his cabinet to understand how the US government works.
You knew the response you were going to get to this, right?
 he just needs to close his Twitter account!
@realDonaldTrump @SenatorSchumer @NancyPelosi @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLeader @maddow Great Idea! Have Haley & WH prepare speech
I think it would be helpful if 45 knew how U.S. government worked. It doesn't work by taking $ from Kochs, mergers & RU.
It's also helpful for SCROTUS to understand how the US government works.  #ImpeachTrump
Then they can teach @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
and I thought you were gonna save us...
If you have now said your all in w/ Trump now, how can we trust that you will get to the bottom of Russia like you said you would?
It'd be helpful if the entire govt would figure out what they're supposed to be doing and do it, but alas.
I don't see congress working like it shld! What is going on w/#trumprussia investigation? If u r such a patriot, y isn't this important w u
I think it's helpful if the US government understands how the US government works.
Better idea. Withdraw from this unconstitutional entity which can only trend 1 way-the continued infringement of American independence.
It would be even better if the alleged president knew how the US government works.
Agree.  Senator..get him a book "Presidency for Dummies" and "Govt for Dummies" and see if he can read it and learn.
Teach @POTUS @realDonaldTrump first.
