Time for an independent prosecutor, Senator. Do the right thing.
Awesome!  Thanks for Sharing  =)
Hope you urge for an independent prosecuter in the Russia investigation...but you're generally full if empty platitudes, so we'll see
It is no longer a GOP/DEM issue but a matter of national security. Independent investigation now!
You seemed like a Trump stooge. Can you put the United States before party?
Waste of time MSNBC useless
Saw it & it's shameful! Every1 knows Trump's dirty & the GOP does not care so long as you stay in power which means Putin's puppet!
Country > Party. This isn't a Republican or Democrat problem, this is an America  issue so use your backbone. We will be paying attention.
I thought you were a patriot.
Don the right thing or forever be labeled a coward for Trump.
This is so disappointing.
You're choosing party over country, Senator. That's pathetic. You are allowing an autocrat to dictate how you respond to despotism.
Be a Patriot.  Be a hero.  #EnoughisEnough #IndependentInvestigation #ImpeachTrump
Don't play us for fools and try to justify this Administration. Country in crisis!
I am beyond done telling my Dem. friends that you're a stand-up Republican that believes in country over party. I now look like the fool.
Who watches Morning Joe?
Shame on you for your disgraceful performance on @Morning_Joe. We had begun to think you were a patriot. So disappointed.
#ComeyFiring
@linsdeygrahamSC I used to have respect for you. If you don't get the 
problem with the timing of this, you're part of the problem.
You are such a paper tiger. Find some guts and do something about our traitor president. #VoteThemOut
No rest until SPECIAL PROSECUTOR!! Country first!! 
did you find some integrity senator? an ounce of feeling for the republic? nostalgia? a little wistful for America?
Independent investigation!
How about you do your job? Work for the people NOT the party! Treason is not a partisan issue. #IndependentInvestigation #GOPcoverup
U r such a disappointment. Just like rest of #GOPTraitors - triple threat: complicit/corrupt/compromised. #TrumpRussia #Comey #kremlinklan
Time for Special Investigation/prosecutor. I am a constituent from South Carolina. The longer 45 is in office = greater damage to country..
Chaos is what you're supporting at this moment. You have a duty to uphold the Constitution of these United States. Citizens see, GOP doesn't
Nice job this morning. Great discussions minus Mrs. Joe...... #vodkagate
Get rid of the senile, hateful, racist orangutan traitor.
We t ppl want #SpecialProsecutor #IndependentInvestigationNow We have a #ConstitutionalCrisis DT fired 3ppl invest.him #CoverUp #Trumprussia
Disappointing - went for party over country.
Bozo
So disappointed in your flippant tx of Trump's firing of Comey. Your "nothing to see here" attitude. Hope your voters do rt thing, get u out
You're such a coward...that interview on Morning Joe was a laugh. Grow a spine. No wonder why you failed running for President.
I hope you just saw the Russian Ambassador MOCK the press and our Secretary of State smirk, he thinks it is funny..
Pls get rid of Trump
Did Russia call you last night? #RussiaGOP
Time to step up, boyfriend. Make me take back everything I've said about your partisan BS.
You should be speaking about an independent investigation re:  #Trumprussia . No more excuses, do your job!
Demand an independent investigation into Trump's Russian connections or you are complicit.
@JoeNBC @morningmika Oh, #LindseyGraham! If @JamesComeyFBI was as insignificant as U just PRETENDED Y bother FIRING him? Get real! #Comey
Country over Party Mr Graham! You are caving to DTSpecial Prosecutor, please
And to think you ran for the Presidency. Prove you are not giving the America ppl lip service.
Traitor
You present yourself as the adult in the room and seem to laugh about the concern that many have
Do the right thing, Senator. Duty. Honor. Country.
He's a Fan and a Follower..Which is fine but If Trump told him to JUMP.. He would and would never ask how HIGH..
DO YOUR JOB. DISGUSTING.
So hope your party remembers they are Americans first
Very disappointing. Our democracy is at stake and it's a big joke. I had hoped for you, but no more.
Good interview, Senator. I appreciate your pragmatism. What do u think of the timing of Rosenstein's memo?
We are ALL watching to see which Senators do their job!. The Senate is where the special prosecutor need to be appointed. DO your job!.
You sir are a traitor!!!
How do you sleep at night? Democracy is at stake!
One Problem with your wait & see attitude. Head of the justice department is recused from the investigation and the deputy called for firing
... didn't start with a big event, it started with a small one. DJT has the right to fire Comey. Is Comey still on call for Thurs hearing?
Shocked at you and McCain! Thought country could count on you to lead now! Thought you cared about oath to protect America!
Here is the thing, Trump will reopen Hillary Clinton email investigation and attempt to put her in jail regardless if she's guilty or not.
Thought you were the exception. Now complicit. Shame.
We trust your honest & then you fail us.  This firing stinks to high heaven  & those who look the other way will be guilty aiding cover up.
SHAME ON YOU. At least pretend to care!!! You will be remembered for hundreds of years for your cowardice.
You took a pledge to the constitution, not to polls or Fox news. This was not "populism" that elected Trump, it was Russian disinformation.
At some point, covering for scum makes you indistinguishable from it.
I did, and U just BLEW ANY respect I had for u (me a democrat)! Not surprised tho! Smh...@CNN @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews @MSNBC @nytimes
Do the right thing, Senator. Choose the USA over Russia
Grow a spine, Miss Lindsey. Country before party! Unless you too have Kompromat problems? Take a stand against what you know is wrong!
When you think back and wonder when you lost all credibility with the American People, it was today.
Schumer said that he had lost confidence in him but not once did say he shoud be fired, stop lying, you sound like #45 !!
Your position "I am not worried" is distressing.. You were serious re the gravity of Comet's firing after the announcement. Who got to you?
... for huge push back. Don't expect it to go away. Or dismiss the effect of this event on the nation. I remember Watergate well ...
Dear Senator have you even read this twitter feed? Folks are very disappointed in you. Do your job. Defend the constitution. Impeach.
Listening...you are a coward and just another trump puppet. Everyone on this planet can see Trump is dirty. Shame you choose party over USA.
The problem is not just Trump, but the men and women in Congress who are PROTECTING this administration 4 their own political gain!
Who in the hill is protecting the people who elected these officials. All the excuses, stalling, and hypocrisy is undeserving of the oath!
So Trump called you and you got on your knees.  Please just go away.
You're just like every other politician you can't answer questions directly!
Okay. Heard your points, can agree on points about FBI and Congress being bigger than Comey. Under this: The timing is a trigger ...
just illustrated he's as corrupt as his self-serving master, Trump. Another anti-democratic #GOP scum
Yes, there will be no expectation of a 'come to Jesus' moment by him or any other GOP pretending to question the curious firing.
so RIGHT after #jonmeacham says unequivocally democracy will b saved in SENATE but then Graham goes & CAVES
Anybody else disappointed with @LindseyGrahamSC appearance on Morning Joe? Sounds like he's willing to cover for Trump.
Why? So I can hear your lies out loud. Trump is guilty. You are looking guilty by association. Be a patriot and defend the constitution.
You just turned your back on this country
Wow!!! Interview was a disappointment!! I hope privately you are more concerned 
U said you don't care what the media says or thinks... how about American voters? Majority want special prosecutor!
Lindsey Graham's "I am not worried" is a huge fail and a change from yesterday's reaction. Who got to him?
#TraitorInChief = #SpecialInvestigator = ImpeachTrump = TrumpOrangeIsTheNewBlack
I thought of you as a patriot, but that interview was very disappointing. Party over country. You just made your decision! #Trumprussia
Trump over country
Disgraceful sell out.
Will you tell them this? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/lindsey-graham-praises-trump-237361 … …
JUST GET HIS TAXES AND IT WILL BE OVER!
Your choosing party over country dude, please resign.
Please be a patriot. Comey's firing was wrong. You are wrong blaming Schumer for his firing.
Graham...Country over party...please!
Again, stop criticizing and comparing the Dems VS Reps.  If you want to be the great leader you need to stop criticizing. Work together.
Shame on you for rolling over! You're putting yourself on the wrong side of history. Shame on you!
Lost all faith in you ..sold your soul.hope it was worth it
Get some balls and stand up to Rump.
#GrahamComey2020 ? You two have a love of country, Constitution, and truth! We're ready for a bachelor POTUS; a First Lady is not essential.
You just destroyed your reputation!  Stop deflecting to the Democrats.....so shameful!
ARE YOU CRAZY? IF COMEY WAS LET GO IN JAN.  BEFORE TRUMP KNEW HE WAS UNDER INVESTIGATION, WE WOULD BELIEVE!
Thanks for admitting that rump needs a get out of jail card...
Stop playing politics Senator- you are intelligent. Stop talking about Democrats, start talking like an American. America before party.
Standing there defending Trump and throwing Comey to the wolves..you are pathetic..
OMG, you guys are not going to protect the people and democracy from this autocrat, are you? #Failingchecksandbalances
Trump & administration is a sham senator. Please do the right thing. Restore some credibility & put country over party. Trump is a danger.
You're "concerned about the country'. The Presidents actions aren't concern for the country?? 'Profile in courage'?? The country is watching
Coward! No subpoenas or special investigations coming from this southern belle.
You might be less despicable than others in the Senate, but in the land of the blind, the one eyed man is  king.
bring trump and pence with you you copmmies need to stand together
Bharara investigated Kremlin money-laundering.

Yates warned about Flynn's Moscow ties. 

Comey oversaw investigation into Trump-Russia.
@POTUS will not fire anyone at IRS for auditing his taxes that's #fakenews produce the letter informing him of the audit follow the $
Welcome to the resistance.
I thought u were concerned about Russia. I am sincerely disappointed in your attitude. U need to step up and save our democracy.
Special Prosecutor. History will remember. Which side do you want to be on?
Pls give me a reason to stop hating that I voted for you
Sad. Clearly sacrificed your integrity. One of the few folk I respected in politics.
Just like a slug, no backbone. You are an embarrassment. #GOPTRAITORS #Nevermypres #trumpaganda #Trumprussia #morallyillegitimate
How can you even begin to believe that this was the right thing to do?
"This is not Watergate." True "We need a new face, time to move on." Very true."I don't care what y'all think."So very true. Stay with it.
YOU BEST CARE WHAT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE THINK ...look out your window or better yet get the rest of repukes and come out a 12:00
Sen. Lindsey Graham is disgusted with the GOP's embrace of Donald Trump: "My party has gone batshit crazy." Now you're in bed with him!
I thought you were the one R who had a tiny bit of integrity. You keep proving me wrong. Hero or Traitor, time to choose your destiny.
No, the American people did not select Trump to be Pres. And Fox News agrees with the Comey decision? Shocker!
Shame on your softball approach to Trump /Russia. Party over Country for you.
I am watching now.  You are just another HYPOCRITE (I thought that you were like McCain). McCain is the only sane Republican.
So disappointed. We were counting on you to do the right thing. You supported the firing of James Comey instead.
I had hope that you would stand up and be brave about this. Now I feel hopeless. #RIPDemocracy
Civil war will come if GOP doesn't step up and impeach this scup bag in the WH.
We need you. We trust you. Thank you in advance for standing up for America.
GOP had better step up because our human rights are being sold one by one.
You've lost your credibility! U r now walking back your courageous stand. What did the President do, promise u a cabinet spot?
Ru kidding graham!?this is worse than.watergate! How compromised is the investigation? Come onUr a hypocrite.
Sorry you are being hypocritical this morning. Everyone needs to stop talking Dems vs Reps. Stop criticizing and work together. #SAD
GOP had better step up or rump is going to take you all down.
Call for an independent investigation and put the motion forward. DO THE RIGHT THING, SENATOR.
What side r u on? u could raise ur stock by doing what is right for the country! Do your job! Compromised? get the felon out of office NOW!!
You just destroyed your reputation.   I knew you'd never really stand up to Trump.
Graham says this Situation in the WH is not the same as Watergate. 
It is worse. 
It is treason and collusion with RUssia from the president
Do the right thing.
The lack of moral courage displayed by Lindsey graham is pathetic.   He has lost all moral authority

We need a special investigator/committee.
Impeach Trump
@morningmika
CNN exclusive: Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/09/politics/grand-jury-fbi-russia/index.html …
people before party.  be careful.  you are an ELECTED official with NO lifetime guarantee.
@Morning_Joe
CNN exclusive: Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/09/politics/grand-jury-fbi-russia/index.html …
Look at this.
CNN exclusive: Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/09/politics/grand-jury-fbi-russia/index.html …
NEVER
Need to deep dive with independent counsel into Trump financials.
History will remember this day, Senator. Special prosecutor
Gird your loins, Mika's got a narrative. #MorningJoe
Will be calling you and @SenatorTimScott (after my yoga and coffee) to request you both do the right thing: special prosecutor.
Did you know subpoenas were issued on the Russia investigation. Special prosecutor is needed. Trump trying to stop investigation
Please, Please, Please.. America is counting on you!
USA deserves special prosecutor on Russia investigation. This subject will never go away until that happens. Stand up for USA!
I can't bear to watch. I hope you choose country over party this time.
thats a fake news channel we don't watch
You'll tell it like it is!  I'm tuned in....
PLEASE don't waste time or money on the special investigator.
I'm counting on you to make the right decision and ask for independent and special. To encourage your colleagues as well.
You failed. Period!
I lived in a country once ruled by tyrants, pls keep an eye on the military once Trump starts promoting officers who will do his bidding.
I hope to god you are not defending this mad hatter
Will you separate yourself from the herd and stand up for your country over your party? Do the right thing.
Are you going to actually do something about this?

You are a traitor. GOP= Government of Putin
Country before party?
Counting on you
WANT MY DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC BACK!!!
Please Senator, do the right thing. Investigate this POTUS. He is destroying America.
I'm an SC resident and a loyal American. Sir, please be the check and balance our great country and our constitution requires you to be.
Russia cover Up! Why is Guiliani who is under investigation in DC? Wipe data? Getting a position cause that would mean a cover up 4 sure.
Country over Party. Call for an Independent Special Prosecutor if you don't, you're complicit with traitors.
