Review&change,make Itbetter&HELP PPL,send back 2House..betU a dollar they reject it.
How bout Ujust improve ACA
There's an idea #newparty ?
It's boring to read. Have strong coffee or something stronger nearby while reading.  Please make sure pre existing conditions are gone .
As a constituent, if you vote yes on AHCA. I will be voting for your replacement. If nobody runs against you, I will
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Read it, then start over, KNOW how much it costs, make sure you don't take away healthcare from 23million
I like some of Rand Paul's ideas. Please consider. Thank you.
Wait for the CBO. Americans want to know what it says.  You can't vote without it.  House voting w/o it is real shady. What's the hurry?
Are you actually going to read it?
Ignite need a CBO report to cut through the smoke and mirrors
Linsay you respectfully be much easier to fix Obamacare then to start all over
If you're not to busy watching for ISIL in your backyard.
Not going to last long.  Celebrate now, we are voting straight Dem tickets in 2018.
Don't disappoint your voters by playing games with the NObamacare repeal bill in the Senate.
Why bother. U will just vote party line regardless of how damaging this will be to millions of Americans. U are all a bunch of hypocrites.
look at it closely because they never really read it..
How can billions to the wealthy be the right thing to do?
Uh-huh...sure you do. You put party before people. Disgusting.
Rubber stamp huh...
Review it, but its terrible so don't dwell on it.  FIX THE ACA. AMERICA DESERVES IT
It's a tax break for the rich and only hurts those of us with preexisting conditions who need healthcare!
I sincerely hope you do...
Whatever replacement plan you folks in congress come up with should be the plan that you also have
Thank you for your opposition to TrumpCare! I appreciate your NO vote on TrumpCare.
I look forward to making sure you have to move home in 2018 and live like you force the rest of us to live
You mean you're gonna read it?! Will you read CBO report too, when it arrives?  Unlike ur Leader and ur GOP House buddies. Moral disgrace.
#UniversalHealthCare Like every other industrialized country, like over 100 countries. We deserve good healthcare the Senate needs to do it.
I would have hoped that you would have had a chance to review it before it passed.  I drive the car before I buy it.
I think you were supposed to that before you voted
Unlike your fellow Republicans in the House
'Any bill that has been posted less than 24 hours ... needs to be viewed with suspicion,' I wonder who said this???
So glad somebody is going to actually read it.
If Trumpcare is so great then YOU TAKE IT!
I'm guessing the House looks forward to reviewing what they signed also
I look forward to you hopefully being voted out of office but until then just....hush.
That would be nice, since it sounds like not one of you assholes read it before you voted to send Americans down the river
#shitforbrains
Try calling it by its actual name, affordable care act.  Maybe the hatred will subside.
Good luck trying to shine that turd, Senator.
Counting on your experience, ethics & morals, Senator. Hope these qualities have been exercised lately. Better yet, FIX ACA & burn AHCA.
And killing it before it whips out humanity
I look forward to whatever disease is going to make the rest of your life Hell on Earth.
For a party that bills itself as having Christian values, you guys really don't give a shit about the sick or poor.
You mean "reviewing carefully". And you don't even mean that. #liar
I carefully await the time you are voted out of office.
Please, you'll vote for any bill no matter how many people it hurts.
And then choose partisan politics over the American people. GOP- putting themselves first.
Do not repeal the #ACA. We need these protections for pre-existing conditions. #VoteNoAHCA
I mean, someone should. Admirable of you to do it before voting for it.
Shouldn't you know it already??
More than one third of mothers have needed a C Section.  More than one third of mothers could be uninsurable under Trump Care.
please review the consequences for the politicians that want to e reelected in 2018 that want the bill passed...
We will remember. We see you. #VoteThemOut #GOPCorruption
And would you ever vote against it?
also review what the consequences will be for those that will have no healthcare, too......
Saw 2 sources indicating my health insurance (cancer survivor) could cost +$140K/yr.  Told family that I will refuse care if I recur.
horrendous ..they think some nice charity will pitch in.
to replace with health care bill that will leave 24 million without healthcare?????
I wish the representatives in the house had time to do the same. Preferably before the vote.
Shouldn't you have gotten a copy yesterday or the day before ?
I would suggest taking more than the 3 hours they took to pass this POS. It's despicable that billionaires get tax cuts while the poor die!
We the people look forward to repealing and replacing the #GOP!  Pack your bags pretty boy !#unhackthevote #theresistance
BTW can't wait for the CBO on this piece of crap, you will all need to change your pants.
They haven't even reviewed it - maybe you should take notes and let them know what they voted on today.
Very "SAD" any one supported this horrendous bill. GOP should be ashamed in every way as a party and as human beings. #Votethemout
Hope you endorse it so 2020 we can see you retire
Stay on the team Lindsay we need Trump needs your support
I look forward to voting you out of office.
Lol..don't waste your time!
Listen to your constituents. If this bill passes the Senate, many in SC will die. This bill hurts sick people, the most vulnerable people.
I look forward to getting to the bottom of Russian connections to our POTUS. Let's get that straightened out first. SHOW US HIS TAXES
The GOP should be held responsible for the delusional, vile, treasonous and inhuman miscreant holding office today
TRUMPCARE Allows sick Trump supporters and older Trump supporters to be charged more
Why didn't senators have to a chance to review it before it was passed in the house?
obviously they were afraid. Now we need to give them another fear. They need to fear for their jobs!
Please do!
shame on you all
...you'll probably be the first Republican to actually read it.
And knee-jerk voting for it because party over country, amirite?  SHAME ON YOU.
u better not let the country down
Values and morals motivate all Policies. The GOP is showing us their Values and Morals.
You look forward to tax breaks for the super wealthy
