Your words hold no credibility or value. The POTUS already crossed that line its called OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE. Country over POTUS!!!!
Which means we will see a tweet storm in the morning since @realDonaldTrump LOVES to be told what to do.
You need to back your present
Lindsey Graham, the neocon warmonger, his comments should be rebuked.
Tell that to ur friends in the media & on the left. If it were me & I knew I had nothing to do with something I would do the same as Trump.
It ain’t going to happen. Who would have ever thought he would try 2 befriend Russians by sharing intel info? He is a total crackpot.
You people forget Ed Kennedy Bobbie Kennedy John Kennedy what the did wrong. Johnson/sex Clinton/sex and killing people
45's reckless blabbering puts our intel community & allies at risk! WTH .@GOP when do you honor your oath to your country & constitution
Trump is a spy, doesn't anyone get it? High crimes of treason, I will hold most Republicans accountable! Vote!
We the people advise you to demand for an independent investigation PERIOD
How exactly Graham did he interfere , firing comey had no effect , you were there at last week hearing
What about the leaking investigation , in light of the events this weekend , I would think that would be a priority.
Like that will happen. He's already threatened a witness. Why does @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan continue to let this go on?
And Mr. Graham we highly trust the NYT's over YOU!  You have no credibility with us!
Advise him how to cover it up better-great job GOP way to stock the swamp
Senator at some point you & @SenateGOP must recognize that @POTUS is dangerously mentally unstable and take action. Better sooner for USA
the president has twitter to tell the people the truth.The media has lied and we have caught them lying about the president
Trump admitted on TV to obstructing the Russia the investigation by firing Comey. Your response? A full Sargent Schultz.
Pls stand up for what is right regardless of political party. It is the duty of our leaders to take their constitutional oath seriously.
Well you are not his advisor. But as a tax paying American, I advise you to back off of Trump. Worry about your own job. #backoffofTrump
TRUMP is guilty, #GOP knows it, which is why they've been impeding the investigations and stalling on getting prosecutors and trial funding
Sir WE NEED A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW !! MY GREAT GRANDFATHER WOULD BE ROLLING OVER IN HIS GRAVE WITH THIS RUSSIAN BS! DO SOMETHING NOW!
Your talking to deaf ears.
Lock him up. #independentinvestigation
Look you nor anyone else has ANYTHING on Trump and the Russians. He has every right to tell you all to get this wrapped up regarding him.
How about "advising" #Trump to stop tweeting and find out what the appropriate protocol is for holding the office of the #POTUS?
You need to back off. There never was any cause much less evidence that Russia or even Trump had anything to do with #DNCleaks.
@ChefDavid905 @LindseyGrahamSC everyone is Telling DJT not to tweet like I'm supposed to believe you're looking out for him
Like the emails..which thanks to WikiLeaks we found out how corrupt it was. I hope the DNC bought that house for Bernie..geez
You made some reasonable choices, but a special prosecutor IS needed to put issue of Trump/Russia to bed. Don't you care about doing that?
A man said this week, to a different politician, "When are you going  to act like an American and not a Republican Politician?"
Lindsey must have caught @tribelaw on TV.  LOL
Look, we all know he's guilty as shit, and now it's just a race to see if he can put enough people in place to quash it or not.
Let him keep tweeting. Its the most honest words out of his mouth and we are #LISTENING and taking names. #IMPEACHTRUMP
Well why DON'T you?
He needs to be in prison for collusion and you need to stop being so easy on him.  Afraid of his tapes?
How easily you throw accusations out without firsthand knowledge of facts .....I hope you never are accused and thrown in jail without cause
Trump threatened comey with tapes. That's what I'm talking about
It can't be a threat as long as Comey is telling the truth....  you do know Obama taped all conversations.... it's called covering your butt
They tend to. But threatening blackmail publicly on a fbi director?
It's not blackmail unless Comey was going to tell a whopper...  If he tried to say he never told Trump he wasn't being investigated
Senator Graham, I voted democrat all but once. After listening to you today on MTP, my respect for you has sored. The nation needs you!!
Sen. Graham, this morning you said this & I agree. What u refused to admit is that #Trump has already threatened Comey to obstruct justice 1
YES.  Someone who understands how the FBI works is essential.  NO ONE in the "political lane" as you say.
The special prosecutor should be appointed to Obama & HRC. THEY gave Russia the nuke main product. 20% of our stock. WHERE IS THAT investiga
'The President called me about this firing, and he referenced the Comey testimony, ...about how bad it was'. That's means for investigation.
#MTP I wish more Congress Members would express this way. Straight and to the point. Too many Kowtow to the Pres
We're surprised that Don McGahn #WhiteHouseCouncil STILL hasn't quit yet over @realDonaldTrump's tweets… #YoureFired #Election2018
Trump's law firm, I kid you not!
Why? Are you afraid of what's on those "tapes" regarding yourself? How many Pubs took Loyalty Oaths to Trump on tape?
Why have you not started the impeachment process.
Shut Up Traitor 
I would advise Lindsey Graham 2 put country before party & stop talking out of both sides of his mouth! Grow a pair! From an old Ga. gal !
Unhinged,arrogant,paranoid,delusional authoritarian modeled after putin,erdogan,elSisi, duterte. He will not stop until removed from office.

.@LindseyGrahamSC, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference 
But it's ok for u Lindsey to say people should give Trump the same respect Republicans gave Obama which was zero ? #fool
Let him tweet. 
It's just more evidence against him.
I believe trump and many republicans are complicit.  I pray your not...
There are very few republicans that I respect anymore.  

I do respect you, Senator Graham.  Please do the right thing for our country.
Wise...
Senator, does Trump (and/or Putin) have "tapes" on you.  My guess is, yes.
You would have impeached HRC for using a private email server but advise Trump to stop tweeting (while using a private phone)? Hypocrite.
U Nedd 2 Impeach 4 Obstruction of Justice & emoluments. Then seek what U refuse 2 look 4. @GOP TRAITORS
Why won't Todd highlight the FACT that POTUS is not under investigation. Allows Schumer to lie about that. Dems will lose if lies continue.
Wrong!
.@RepCummings: This is not a Republican issue This is not a Democrat issue This is about the soul of our democracy #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
It's time for an independent investigation! Are you blind??? Put Country before Party.
Lindsey you know it's time. Step up your game.
But there's nothing there.
Oh no, tweet away... keep it up...
Can you imagine: if Hillary or Obama would've said "you better hope there arent any therapies tapes?"  @LindseyGrahamSC  WWYD?
He is ruining 
I would advise LIndsey to do his job and start putting the Country over his Party.  He's being so 1939.
It's too bad Lindsey is doing this for sure. Lindsey you know trump is obstructing justice so why pretend he isn't. You need to protect us.
Too bad "advising the president" isn't your job! Just do YOUR job. He doesnt need your "advice"
Duh
but it's hard to teach an old dog new tricks...so he will tweet away.
Why are you not pursuing the wrong he already did tweeting. If you recommend he stop, that implies you have judged it to be wrong to do.
He has already done more than enough to be impeached, but the Republicans are controlled by the Russians too.
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship #trumpgate2017
Yet you support him firing Comey?
Why do u think it's necessary for u to stop him from digging his grave just put him in! He dug that at least 50 years ago.
#nevermypresident
Former DNI Clapper on CNN:  "The developments of the past week are disturbing... our democratic institutions are under assault" from Trump."
Tweet, baby, tweet!
That's good advice. Do you think he'll follow that advice?
