One of the last Iowa #Obamacare insurers moves to exit http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2621977  via @dcexaminer
No, it is an example of how YOU and your cohorts undermined Ocare success at every turn.  SHAME ON YOU.
Because states like Iowa, WI & others did not inact ACA fully - blocked it and constituents suffer without options! GOP vendetta
Happiest day for you...not us!   You failed us thru ACA and today.
Then fix it. You know what would fix it? Single payer. But you and your republican colleagues never do the right thing. You're evil people.
When you go out of your way to break something - it breaks. Funny how that works. But it's all you're good at.
You are doing a terrible job and hurting Americans + you are a man with a ladies name.
Because of instability created by this horrific house bill. Cut the crap and fix ACA or find new jobs. Start by working w state commissioner
I work in healthcare & sick of the GOP lies & rhetoric.  Find someone who understands the system!
So we're throwing the whole country in the trash for Iowa? Why not just fix Iowa? Most people are happy with ACA. This is just a Trumb bjob.
Why are you all so hell bent on making people be miserable
@leonardkl @dcexaminer You like setting fires don't you? You sick little man- child!
What is AHCA going to do for constituents in Iowa? I've read from people far more knowledgeable about AHCA than you, and it's devastating!
What efforts have your party even made to improve ACA? The HC reform that helps millions, and would help even more if you helped improve it.
This is not a social issue. No Dem blame. Each yes vote in the House and Senate will directly impact constituents, and they will remember.
Probably being paid off to turn away from Obama Care to make Trump look like a HERO. Can't wait til Graham is gone also
@leonardkl You could fix it, but that would mean doing your job and working FOR the American people. #VoteNoAHCA
U R A TRAITOR TRYING 2DERAIL TRUMPRUSSIA COLLUSION! THE RUSSIANS GOT SOMETHING ON U 2?
#SAVEACA
#TRUMPNOCARE
#TRUMPRUSSIACOLLUSION
#GOPFAIL
STOP. It's not "collapsing." Insurers are WITHDRAWING because you & your buddies keep threatening to repeal it! NO BRAINER.
Yes! Aetna said due to uncertainty in Lil t's policy, they will pull out.
Liar liar pants on fire
Do republicans ever stop lying, sir?
ACA is collapsing because of Republicans, plain & simple!!
Oh bullcrap. GOP wrench ACA.
Lindsey is yet another example of a lying POS
Nope. It's because Republicans in Iowa have deliberately sabotaged it. Any more lies you want to tell, Lindsey?
Those bastards are KEEPING it for THEMSELVES.Hypocritical asses should have 2 be covered by WORST plan-then we'd all have "Cadillac care!"
People before Party! Fix ACA.  Stop the insanity.   The AHCA is a travesty.
More sabotage by Republicans-- the party of Death.
meanwhile the pussy lindsey graham and his coward friends in the house exempt themselves from their own immoral medicine
So fix it   Don't destroy it.  Amoral not to
Because you poisoned it.
B.S. You're screwing millions of Trump voters today & they're going to remember the GOP when they find out what you've done to them.
I think you mean, the weight of people pushing down on it, who've wanted to kill it from the start. The law, like any, could be improved.
Traitor!!
You're another example of a bought and paid for shill for corporate greed...
Lindsey-for a brief moment you had opportunity to be voice of reason.  Now you're bending over+kissing Trump's ass. This is wrong+u KNOW IT.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @leonardkl @dcexaminer It's still far better than what you and GOP colleagues are trying to ram through! #Deathcare
Obama tried to bring a balance to healthcare challenges. GOP's plan is about tax cuts for the rich, and let the working class eat cake. (2)
Insurance companies see people as the means to have another Earnings Record Breaking Year; the health of communities is not a priority. (1)
Placing all blame on ACA and none on insurance companies is unfair. Insurance companies prioritize profiting above individuals health.
They're collapsing because they think you are going to pull support. Not under their own weight - they're being pushed. By you.
DimDon & the GOP are sabatoging the ACA. #headingforawipeoutin2020.
I can't even with you. When all these people lose their insurance are you not going to feel any guilt? When they die? Can't pay for meds?
Will I get re elected?   Because my answer depends on that.
Susan Rice doesn't have anything to do with Trump and the Russians. So why are you trying to deflect? Americans see-through that bullshit!
Why have the Republicans despised Obama pretty much from the first time he stepped in office? It's almost racist but I'm not sure? Tell me
This is one of the consequences of "repeal and replace" efforts that GOP has engaged in for a long time. Killing ACA slowly, state by state
One thing I admire about you is your ability to be so disingenuous. Check your facts, please.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan The only thing collapsing is the GOP
because that is what you want. not what is best for all of us.
Because of gop tinkering
when a 100000 of your voters lose insurance, what then? Why do you hate allowing people decent insurance?
ACA only in jeopardy due to GOP interference @SavetheACA
we need to fix the problems with the ACA not repeal it 95% of it works perfectly. U don't throw out a car for new tires!
Repealing taxes from the top 2% that help pay for it will DEFINITELY help....This is a tax cut. Not healthcare. We can read. #Midterms
I am so tired of the GOP doing everything to make it collapse and then being gleeful when things go south. There are REAL people who  harmed
Show some real leadership and help fix it.
If you'd work to fix it instead of allowing the problems you created within it to fester because you need credit for things, it might not.
I wonder what would happen if politicians started caring about ppl and not just party politics. Things like the ACA could actually work.
And New York is doing great with it. Almost like states that wanted it to fail made it happen...
That was the GOP plan wasn't it? November 2018
You broke risk corridors. Fix them.
Work to fix it. Oh right you have no plan. All you do is complain.
Fix it, do not throw it out, or you and your cohorts will be the ones thrown out.
Just bc you keep stating junk like this doesn't make it true. Your constituents are resistant to your (&#POTUS45's) #fakenews! #fixit #ACA
Probably at Republican request. I wouldn't put it past the GOP.
Y'all could have done something to stop that. Rather let people die.
Republicans defund healthcare and think constituents are too stupid to figure that out? SORRY
The ACA is collapsing because you can't force people to buy ins if they don't want it. And that's what obamacare runs on.
The ACA is collapsing because the GOO wouldn't help make it workable. It isn't doing it all on its own
Yet another example of why the "free market" in not the best way to deal with health care
So much easier to sit in the cheap seats and criticize. You and your party are now in charge. What are you doing to fix it? #ACA
Agree it should be FIXED, not dismantled. It's good plan that just needs review. Surely this isn't first Act to be reconsidered & redone.
Then fix. It never was perfect because GOP blocked anything it could. Take some responsibility & fix what YOU screwed up!
Please stop spreading lies
Please retire.
Exactly why we need universal single payer coverage! For-profits don't want to insure at affordable rates.
Bull
Diagnose the flaw & fix it; don't just let the whole structure collapse for cheap & easy party politics.
punish insurance companies then...not Americans.
Stop the MADNESS! Collapsing due to GOP neglect, GOP refusal to fix what's broken & GOP's constant attacks.  Otherwise, all would be good!
This BS echo parroting is expected from some in GOP! But don't expect  this from the likes of Graham, disappointing! May be time to retire.
So that's your best solution for the American people? Throw up your hands & cry it's too hard to fix. Pathetic, we deserve a better effort.
GOP's failure to pass a replacement is yet another example of the GOP collapsing under its own weight.
Mr.Graham you need to take a look at the insurance companies which are making record profits across the country. The Great American Swindle.
another example of good, albeit improvable law, collapsing under the ego & indifference of republican- majority Congress.
so then repeal it senator!
Not exactly of it's own weight but also Republican efforts to destroy and defund.
With your help, and help of rest of @GOP. Please, for once, be honest about what's happening. Pretend you care about working Americans.
Obamacare is committing suicide, let it go on to the graveyard for bad bills!
Because Rs are gutting it.  You would prefer to see people die than fix ACA.
Then  shame on you for not trying to fix it by negotiating with providers. You would let people suffer instead if crossing the GOP line.
Then fix it!!!!
Very disingenuous LG. Why propagate these lies when you know the @GOP is intentionally murdering the ACA?  Weasel.
As long as you let a #Healthcare provider bill your #HealthInsurance $6,000 for a test that would cost you $350 in cash...

They will.
So FIX IT. Duh.
Please work w Dems to strengthen (fix) ACA. We don't want Trumpcare w 17% rating before you guys made it even worse. We know ACA can work
Thank goodness a better plan tht covers everyone at lower cost & guarantees coverage of pre-existing conditions (as promised) is on its way!
The @GOP plan to demean/erase Obama's legacy within the first 100 days of DJT presidency is what this is really about, isn't it Mr. Graham?
Then do something. Repealing is stupid and harmful. Address the needed fixes.
how r u fixing it? By allowing higher costs on seniors, preexisting conditions including pregnancies, giving CEOs some  
You suck you are so partisan you make me sick
I read every tweet of yours in a flustered, southern belle's voice.
"oh my lord, I do declare that obamacare is a collapsing"
If u repeal Obama care, do you have companies left to insure?
Another lie. Obamacare lives on despite @GOP effort to sabotage it. Fix it. Your lies are really insulting to Americans intelligence
Iowa Governor and legislature have worked hard to make that happen.
Lindsay, we get it: You have completely sold your soul to Trump. When you complain about budget deal not "winning" for GOP, you are lost.
@leonardkl @dcexaminer you have got to STOP lying about this. You are playing with peoples' lives here. Repair, not repeal.
And yet had the plan had an R name on it the Rs would a)explain a natl program for 300M WILL certainly need adjusts b)fix it c)praise it
I bet your right. I smell  more dirty tricks by this hateful greedy party
Why did you defund the risk corridors out of the program? Note they're only leaving after this and threats of ACA repeal.
Why not fix it and help us instead of giving something that is worst
@leonardkl @dcexaminer No matter what you say GOP will be responsible for the failure of ACA. GOP hurting America again.
So, fix it!
MoCs get choice of 57 Gold Tier ACA plans w/74% gov subsidy of premiums; FREE HEALTHCARE on any mil base & FREE IN-HOUSE DR
Because of the BS rules you forced into place to get a vote on it in the Senate
Because of the GOP poison pill
repeal and replace...  get to work
Same old Republican phraseology
Great, good for you and deriding a President gone for months. How do you intend to care for the sick?  Or were you just grandstanding?
Your hate and death party defunded AHA at every turn and you're not to blame blame for the collapse? The GOP OWNS THIS and we will remember.
@realDonaldTrump Everything is harder than you think it will be.
Also, if it's "collapsing," why do you & other MoCs want to keep it fit yourselves? Could it be your 74% gov subsidies?
Thanks to GOP blocking all efforts to work out issues.  Now you gleefully lay the groundwork for ins co to screw ppl
If Congress would get out the pockets of insurance companies, y'all might come up with a plan that doesn't leave millions w/o healthcare
Wouldn't it be great if people entrusted w power would help fix probs so as to avoid the dire impact of losing health coverage
And you are doing what about that?  Pointing fingers?  Shouldn't you be trying to fixi it?  Do you job Senator Graham.
Well gee Lindsey, the GOP threatening it every step of the way (even though it saves people) wouldn't have anything to do w/that, would it?
Because you won't promise continued payments- undercutting Aca. And you have nothing better!
@leonardkl @dcexaminer If accurate, unfortunate, disappointing.
It's true. Company made public announcement this morning.
ACA could be fixed but you idiots are sabotaging it and are not fooling us. See you in next elections
This is ONLY happening in states where the @GOP stands to benefit. Plus, even the RT article says it's due to SABOTAGE.
Due to a systematic attack by the @GOP to undermine it. What happens when people realize you chose to hurt people for legislative victory?
So fix it
Because congress is too busy getting rich off drug companies and health insurers. Try representing people! You might like the change!
Why are you all psychopaths? Serious question. Why do you hate people so much?
Yeah, sure...if ACHA passes, just wait until 2018. Just wait.
I like you @LindseyGrahamSC but who are you going to blame when people with pre-existing conditions have to decide death or bankruptcy?
So that's reason enough to leave people out in the cold to die? Cool story bro.
When will it collapse give a date, what will it make it collapse? DO YOUR JOB AND FIX IT for the American Public, your Bosses.
@SenJohnMcCain Please stop enabling this deluded @potus.
NEW: President Trump says of decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict: "Frankly, maybe not as difficult as people have thought."
Interesting that it is collapsing in states where there appear to be vested political interests against it, while it works in other states?
it doesn't "work" in other states, it's propped up in other states. ACA is a complete failure.
So fix it! We need it!
wrong - Iowa is an example of epic mismanagement, pseudo-privatizing, market shrinking by @TerryBranstad
The article literally says it's due to uncertainty and republican sabotage lol
So fix it, don't kill it. Medicare has had similar problems in the past.

Every time I hear the GOP claim the sky is falling, I know they're about to make a YUGE mess.
Then fix it, dammit! Don't throw it away.
Then FIX IT! Do your JOB!
Graham couldn't find his job with both hands, a map, and a Sherpa guide.
Or, your focus on repealing rather than fixing.
Why don't you guys work with Dems to fix it then? That's on you guys.
This is just not true.  You have a Republican Governor and Legislature in Iowa that have worked to undermine it every step of the way.
Let's not forget the Republicans in Congress that has withheld payment of the risk corridors in order to undermine the law
