
Do you mean like when Reps worked with President @BarackObama? Or should we take page from @MichelleObama When they go low, we go high?
Like the Republicans refused to face the reality health care needed to be addressed in the first place?
Trump-Tell lie -Make it big-Keep saying it-Eventually they will believe it-"Hitler" #TrumpDictatorship
Like you worked with President Obama?
by the way Trump probably doesn't even known what is in that hideous bill. He just sign papers pushed by special interests
I voted republican for a long time... Your friends in the house just ensured I will no longer do so. Hi @DNC, need another voter?
This was me in 2016. Today cemented that in stone.
Please shut up.
"You are killing me"
Were Dems even invited to work on the bill? My understanding, it was @housegop only creation because they wanted it that way.
The GOP IS OFFICIALLY #BatShitCrazy!  #BlessYourHeart. My mission is to ensure every GOP member is unemployed in 2018!
You don't know that for certain. Please don't assume.
You are correct in that assumption. In everything else, you are incorrect.
Dems in Congress have long made efforts to be bipartisan, to their own detriment-and the nation's. Repubs get to reap what they sow.
I may not agree with you, but respect you!  I am glad you speak the truth.  Thank you.  Keep after your fellow Republicans!  NOT DEMS FAULT!
WTF? You guys have refused for 8 years to work with the Dems. Lie much?
Do you want to work with them FOR the benefit of lower-middle class Americans or do you just want a political win for you & other Rs?
We refuse to work with the Russian puppet on anything. #Emoluments #treason #fraud #RussianDebts #nepotism #incompetence
You should accept the reality that the real people who voted will now work to make sure you are gone next election.
Like ya'll worked with Dems on Garland?  Until GOP accept reality they'll be voted out unless they work for the American people, no one wins
Nope he's not ...
Can't work on something that you are not included in when discussed so quit your lying. Dems will work on a DECENT bill...AHCA is crap.
Like repubs refused for last 7 years? What have YOU been doing last 7 years? Or before that! You don't care if Americans have health ins.
You are devoted to your greed and your tax cuts for the wealthy.  And you will not be reelected.
Didn't you just say to be cautious of this @HouseGOP garbage bill? Flip-flopper.
A bill -- finalized yesterday, has not been scored, amendments not allowed, and 3 hours final debate -- should be viewed with caution.
He was just blowing hot air for cya. Not working for him.
they are willing to repair not replace -- cant you and your kind repair -- u all are a joke -an embarasment -and hypocritics
Call for  #IndependentInvestigation into #Trumprussia and maybe that will start occurring
arrest Maxine waters Sheila Jackson the Clintons Obama America knows Chuck Schumer is corrupt sorros puppets,arrest them
Did you accept the reality that an African American was our last POTUS? No, you and your Klan members fought him every step of the way.
how about the Reps reach across the aisle and not jam a horrible bill down everyones throats just to give the party a win?
They accept it now. Schumer can't be that delusional
Like you worked with Obama and the Democrats? Like that?
Yep Dems don't wnt needless deaths. Rmbr "Death Panels"? That's u & Repubs are that voted for this! #RepublicanDeathPanel
Singing all the way to the $BANK$$ are you?
Like you refused to work with Obama for all those years. Funny now you want bipartisanship! For 7 yrs you and McConnell fought everything!
How can anyone work with Trump he's worse then Nixon and you all know it and do nothing
Until we get rid of the corruption in the white house we have no government the people do not trust you anymore you change the rules and lie
You talking about Dems refusing to work with GOP is laughable. #MerrickGarland
And when we're they asked to work with you guys again? Pretty sure republicans are going full steam ahead with 0 democratic input requested
The ACA wouldn't be on the verge of collapsing if the GOP would have worked with the Dems to improve it. You're not innocent.
They have set our to purposely destroy it and ate working with insurance companies it's all about the money .GOP Greedy Old Pricks
They're trying to protect their vulnerable constituents. You know, like ethical humans would do. Says a lot that this eludes you.
kinda like the @GOP worked with Obama and Dems on the original?
I respect you. Mr. Graham. There are so many stories like mine. There are lives on the line with this bill--not just money. Remember that.
Someone needs to present an olive branch to both sides.
All you guys can do is blame Democrats. Wear the AHCA. Fits you like a glove.
BTW, B4 ACA, I had a preexisting condition, I have gone without maintenance medication, and have gone without coverage and a needed surgery.
The American people are looking to  Senators like you and John McCain to not play politics with their healthcare and lives.
What we need are D and R who have political courage to work together to fix ACA and the leadership to get it passed. Looking at you!!
So instead, I'm supposed to feel good about giving $274,000,000,000.00 to the top 2% of the (already) richest people in the US?
Republicans are incapable of reforming healthcare. We need Medicare for all.
you don't want to fix it. You want to destroy it and get money for yourself.
you are such a hypocrite. Like you worked with Dems over the last 8 years?
Not reform when you make it worse to give tax cuts to those who don't need it. You've been duped. It will NEVER get better. But tax cuts!
Dems have been ready for 7 years to fix the ACA. McConnell refused. Enough is enough!
You went with extremist version of your party's bill instead of the moderate.. what did you expect?
Why would they work with you to give tax breaks to the rich and make health coverage inaccessible for so many? #wealthcare
Hello pot
Good!Because you people are frauds!ur not making it BETTER as u promised! You're killing the lower middle and middle class!Job well done,NOT
The reality is the Russians "fixed" the election, and R's like u are allowing it w/ obstruction on justice, blocking tax records& collusion
The 1st step in this fiasco should have been to FIX the ACA. You would have found a lot of common ground. Please don't put this on the Dems!
Ultimate patience gives immediate results.  Looking forward to the day this GOP collapses and goes bye bye 
I really had hope that you stood for America and not #Trumprussia This is a Putin policy!
What reality? That 45 is going to continue on his path to dictatorship? Kill off the poor and have rest for your fans be workers? WTF?
You were among the leaders of the obstructionists for the past 8 years.
They are willing. Their plan is better to begin with. It needs some changes to protect the middle class and small business more. Make them!
Comrade trump will be in Leavenworth and you will be outta office - bye bye Lindsey-  Putin's cock is in yr mouth too
Its BS like that that pushed many away from ur party of hateful power mongers who care more for party than the people u r supposed to serve
Schumer and Peilosi need to also beheld responseble for all the riots and criminal illegal alien's. Preze and Ellison stop the violence.
Why are you giving up without even trying to work with @SenateDems? Did you enter public office with the goal of helping Americans? Try it.
Republicans are on their way out the door. I hope the door hits your ass.
 just like you worked so well with pres Obama. You are just stuck on vengeance not what's good for America.
Or there will just st be a new reality 20 months from now.
Try reforming it and not driving it into a ditch
There has not yet been a Republican bill that helps the average citizen, so good for the Dems for not supporting.
Because R's were trying to work with D's on this?
What reality would that be my Senator. That you caved to help create a racist, evil republic?
Just like you refused to work with @POTUS44. It will come back to haunt you even as you suck up to Trump
Oh put a gun in your mouth and blow your brains out
... and it will be to their everlasting credit that they chose not to collaborate with the heartless bastards in the GOP. #Trumpcare
dems? But I thought republican control the govement. Did I miss something?
How about this reality?
Because you were soooooo helpful to President Obama? Traitor. #2018
You and the GOP are the reasons the ACA has flaws- because YOU wouldn't work with you are a horrible person.
Just like you did with Obama for 8 years!  You are nothing but a hypocrite!
Just like you did to Obama!   2018/2020 can't come soon enough!
You own it now. And the fall out. Shame.
They will NEVER work with Trump or any other Republican.
The reality is Americans are pissed, and you are all about to be on the unemployment line. #probirthnotprolife
This is not healthcare reform. It is the American Genocide Act. Do you give a damn about Americans? Or just the Pentagon.
What are the Republicans offering for me - a small business owner with preexisting conditions - in terms of health care? Bankruptcy?
The Dems would work with you if you wanted to make it better. Get out of yr political bubble & remember you r representing real Americans.
Y'all don't want to work with anyone
 It's either the GOP way or the highway. You are not interested on the peiple. Interested in ur payoff.
Personally I believe you'll come to regret this action Senator
This type of bill is not working together. It will hurt SC residents
How about sir, the the reality is people want healthcare
We don't trust you anymore.
Boooooooo
It's not the Dems' fault no matter how many times you say it! Only failing in red states where govt is motivated to make it fail!
That's where you are wrong. They would work with you on REFORM, just not on REPEAL.
You just figuring that out? 2018
ACA is working just fine, Graham baby, leave it alone. (PS the time for bipartisan collaboration was 2010. @GOP took a pass)
This is not reform it is a death sentence for millions. Please vote in the best interest of your poor & sick constituents
You're right about that Linds!
The reality is Trump and half the GOP are/should go to jail. You own this. #Traitor
Get rid of the filibuster in and pass those that legislation
To be fair, it's probably difficult to work for a POTUS who has been so rude, unprofessional and partisan since before he took office.
Bipartisanship now, huh?
Your constituents want you to grow up and be an adult. Healthcare is not political, it is a human right.
The same way Republicans made a public announcement to block & not work in biparisyan fellowship with Prrsident Obama?
If you wanted their help, why use Reconciliation.  You hate us, and we know it. Every move POTUS makes is designed to ensure we know it.
Safe seats give you Republicans some very weird ideas about reality.
ITS time we let Americans know we need over 70 votes in the Senate to get things passed in 2018 We must state this over again Rid Dems now
God you're awful.
Do you read these replies?
Sorry, Dems will never work for Putin. We are the Resistance.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
Dems will Never accept the disgrace of millions losing their insurance, and will Never be held responsible for the deaths to come. #GOPSHAME
What a joke. No one's tried to work with Dems, working together means TWO sides c-o-m-p-r-o-m-i-s-e. Independent voters became dems today.
Shove it. Rep could have worked to help fix the ACA but they hated Pres Obama more than they live this country #liarsall #pussygrabbingprez
Well, considering we're all going to die prematurely now, we don't really have anything left to lose. So, yeah, we're going to keep fighting
Take repeal off the table and do what the American people want FIX IT and 30 years in the insurance industry tells me it's fixable! Don't BS
You are pasding a bill in a vacuum without debate or oversite and you acuse the Dems of not working with you? How could they?
Trump is a crook
This is bullshit. The dems are willing to work, GOP won't. See freedom Caucasus, sen paul, etc.
Listening to Pelosi tell her crew "if they vote for Trumpcare they will glow in the dark" wasn't very reassuring.
You can't call it reforming healthcare if the point is to limit the healthcare available. Your party will wear this as a scar.
they'll wear it as an albatross around their necks!
Nope - you guys own this Lindsey. Sorry.
Repeal is not a reform. Un-insuring millions is NOT a reform.
MSNBC Lindsey is the character in disaster movies that hides food & water & votes to leave sick kid stranded 2 save himself
Stop putting party before country.
Lindsey, because you sold out (like always), doesn't mean the rest of us have to.
Did you look at the low popularity ratings of POTUS, how often he lied, how much US wanted ACA preserved? What's reality, then?
#corruption
Just like GOP blocked every single thing Obama tried to do? Does the GOP have a limit to its hypocrisy?
Shame on you Lindsey Graham ! U flip flop on trump only to serve your own self. You have lost all credibility. So go kiss some trump ass.
You are such a hypocrite. Put out a good bill and we will come to the table. This bill is a disaster and death sentence. You can do better.
@GOP won one battle today. The war has yet to be won.  #vote2018 #midterms
Go ahead and commit political suicide....which mental health now a pre-existing condition
A victory to strip tens of millions' healthcare so the rich get their 3.58% back? Traitor of the people. Did you sing Nanana, hey hey...bye?
And many republicans too! They were the ones who wrote ACA
Yes, but since you all control the House and Senate and could not come up with a better solution after at least 5 years you own the failure.
It is a lose lose for the Republicans. You voted to take away people's healthcare, but you also didn't implement anything better.
And Trump celebrating makes it worse. He idiot followers will still hate Obamacare, while all those opposed to Trumpcare are united against
Seriously? GOPO have exec branch, house & senate. There is not 1 Dem that want's their name anywhere near this POS plan. Even GOP is leery.
Remember when you supported trump and Russia?
Yeah, it's totally "monkey see, monkey do" up there in Washington.  We all know where the Democrats got that idea.
Remember when you worked so hard with Obama?
Republicans aren't any better in that they wouldn't work to improve ACA. Instead would only appeal due to politics. Don't be blaming Dems
Dems should do exactly what Republicans did to President Obama. Fair behavior right?
just like the GOP worked w the Dems and Obama on AHCA? Come on, Lindsey, don't be such a hypocrite.
Sir, country before party. You took an oath.
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
I don't blame them one bit because Republicans are crooks!
I'll accept this reality when you give up your exemption.
Where were you when the GOP in both chambers were more interested in repealing the ACA for 7 years rather than improving it?
With whom?!
Screw you Lindsey.
He is under investigation for collusion!!! FBI INVESTIGATION!! Wake up!!
I respectfully disagree, sir. Republicans want to repeal/replace. Dems want to partner to fix problems with ACA. No one will budge.
Sounds familiar about 8 years ago....hypocrite
Accept the reality that your party sold out to a lunatic who doesn't care who he hurts with legislation like this
Millions of innocent lives now at risk.  SHAME ON YOU.
Its not "reform"..its removal for millions. You will al go down in history as criminals.
How 'bout you not speak for them?
Kind of like the GOP refused to work with Obama.
You are right we are not socialist
Trump is wrong on healthcare. I belive tge mid terms are coming and rep will loose!
I'm voting blue all the way and there will be more people voting then ever because of Trump and the GOP
Amen!
You call yourself a Christian & you turn your back on people in need. Go back to Bible School. Greed is an ugly thing, Senator.
Now there's the real Republican heretic we've all come to know and love.
Welcome to @realDonaldTrump's BANANAS REPUBLIC. @SarahPalinUSA is finally right about "death panels." They're run by @SpeakerRyan.
Why don't you put forth a bill that doesn't gut healthcare for millions and make rape a preexisting condition? #Kthanks
WRONG. Rs closed Ds out of this bill. Refused their amendments. You spent 8yrs obstructing. Your party has NO RIGHT to whine.  NONE.
Right? "Democrats are bad! If Pelosi likes something, it's bad! We're not accepting any of their terrible liberal amendments!"
And as if we all have dementia, after all of that BS, they follow it up with "Dems won't work with us! They're obstructionists!"
