Like what? Sexuality?  LOL
What? You both know how to look stupid & corrupt at the same time on camera cue?
you say your Christian but yet you steal and cheat to prop up hate ends doesn't justify the means
hmmm that troubles me
@EllenMorris1222 @mike_pence Lots in common? Both bigots then! #LoveTrumpsHate
@JDowFamily @mike_pence Graham is snake!
Well, that's a scary notion...
except pence is willin 2 help #MAGA & all u want is trump 2 fail. wishin 4 thats like wishin our pilot fails
.@revolution9916 @LindseyGrahamSC @mike_pence 
I can't stand Lindsey,
Mike Pence is The Man.
#MAGA
You are both corrupt?
Hey Lindsey, the call is coming from Russian from inside the room.  You are in bed with the enemy.
but Pence is creepy and out of touch
You both are going to have to learn Russian
@postandcourier @mike_pence Your the worst Lindsey, DNC bought you out according to USAtoday.  Terrible person.
Mr. Graham: Then plz ask him to find his honor & common sense to save our country from treasonous Trump.
well that's the most discouraging thing you've said in a while, Lindsey
I can't believe I'm saying this but too bad it's not President Elect Pence
Sorry to hear that Sen. Graham.  I was hoping you had a lot NOT in common.
I had hoped you @SenJohnMcCain , @marcorubio & a few other Rs would be patriots. It seems you're all folding to #McConnell
like open borders/one-world government stuff?
"a lot in common"? Are you abetting Russian espionage after the fact (if not before the act?)? Cause he is.
Hey Linsey do you ever work for the voters of SC ? Or is just about you !
that's a terrible thing to admit to
-so what, you are also friends with the liberals, I listen to your interview on fox, you are anti-American.
please stay firm on Trump. Do not let him do whatever he wants. Hold him accountable please. U work for us.
when you say you have a lot in common do you mean 'secretly closeted'?
I filed a federal lawsuit &!asked for injunctive relief until the legitimacy of the election is decided.
no one's perfect Lindsey,,Region Rat from NW Indiana,,,has no use for him
I hope @mike_pence has more in common with you than he does with @realDonaldTrump...
Du du duhhhh
Deeply disturbing
You BOTH think that condoms are too 'modern'?? I'm shocked. #draintheswamp
Lindsey Graham adding a whole new dimension to the expression kiss-ass.
May have a lot in common - not tailors..
Except you've maintained your dignity and he has bowed down before a false god.  But, you know, friends.
I hope not.
I never thought of you as homophobic.
@ukexpat19 @mike_pence thank you for helping me spit up my coffee
what do you intend to about the hacking and unhinged trump? I got an idea. Swear Pence in as president
what's your opinion on jailing gays who want a marriage license?
Do you both think that @realDonaldTrump Russia is a national security threat?
yep  same kind of puppets
@Oprah for the win
The two GOP leaders I admire most.
SO guessing that "friends" is Wash DC speak for 'we worked in same place on same issues.'
Support NATO and please keep fighting for the integrity of our Republic against Russian interference #ethics
save us from trump!!!
You both like dick???  Allegedly...
"Look Lindsey, we're going to let the orange man-baby over there eat our party alive."
Yes that's ont hing that makes you less attractive as a candidate Mr. Graham.
you are really setting yourself up for a 'you mean like both being closeted?' Joke here.
the executive!! Pen & phone should be removed, give that power back to Congress, as intended.
Sadly.
Dems should find a new era of bipartisanship with GOP in Congress to diminish the power of
same barber?
u r now soldier in jewish lobby to
In re: #Trump LG said: "It's like being shot or poisoned." I'm assuming Mike is 'ok' even as spawn of ManChild?
Please don't confirm Betsy DuVos! I'm a former teacher with a M.Ed. and more qualified than she! I volunteer!
please don't tell us you are also a homophobe
get a room boys
We have got to protect European allies against Russians with NATO who fought in Afghanistan & 9/11 HELP. Please
Grreat Day, Sen. Lindsey Graham
Keeping America Great....
@postandcourier @mike_pence How's that hacking investigation coming?
I will take Pence any day over the traitor @realDonaldTrump!
Please tell him that PYD/YPG/PKK are the same of terrorist.
except he is a bitch with no principles.
What power of persuasion does @mike_pence have over Trump? Not enough at this point to prevent NATO from being threatened.
stop insulting everyone
cozying up for Veep after Trump is impeached?
o lg.....what to do with u. what's that Brown spot on your nose
Stand firm on Russia investigation. The future of the republic may rest in your (and McCain's) hands.
Do you also support conversion therapy for homosexuals?   How's your record on education?
