how can the American people trust an AG that LIED about something SO serious, under oath, to congress? Get real
we had trust Loretta Lynch right? And Eric holder so @LindseyGrahamSC
why is people's counterpoint to everything "we had to ____ before". I'm not hear to speak about the past.
because past is what lead is to the present so .. @LindseyGrahamSC
if AG lied about talking to a foreign powr that did in fact hack our election, how can we trust him?
He HAD a chance to "explain" himself during his confirmation hearing, but he chose to lie to Congress under oath instead.
sick people...what lie...he answered question...you will not win this...stop already
We're not fools @LindseyGrahamSC 
"Explain himself" = euphemism for "cover it up with bullshit".
Your Dem AG met Bill Clinton on the tarmac for a private meeting and Killary skated. Doesn't get any worse!
Classic Republican response, "Killary" . You're playing the distraction card 1/
You're failing to see what is right in front of you. Hypocrisy at it's finest, Sessions demanded Lynch 2/
She met secretly w/Bill Clinton while Killary was actively being investigated.& libs scream abt collusion?
You need to explain why you didn't push for prosecution when proof of HRC and BHO treasonous acts were proven.
No!He was doing his job a Senator on Armed Services commitee! Hv balls man&stop eating UR own! Stand up2 @DNC bullies #MAGA
u r such a traitor JUST announce publicly that u work for the DNC the Alt Alt Left DNC to include Jarrett O HRC we all.Know
@GeorgiaDirtRoad @LindseyGrahamSC The SC Senator a modern day Judas must simply be #draintheswamp
should be charged with #seditiousconspiracy McCain over ISIS
No, Congress needs to immediately begin INDEPENDENT BIPARTISAN INVESTIGATION into Russian's hacking of our democracy, possibly w/DT's help
Lindsey needs to get a job at McDonalds
Senator Graham, it's time for a Special Prosecutor. No more delays on this. It's too important to our nation.
Did you not know that he was doing his job as a senator that Obama set that meeting up.
trump's whole team has shady business with Russia Sessions should resign he can't be trusted by the people

How many times do all you sheep have to be told, he did not lie!!! Read the question then the answer! Wow, the stupidity
WHATS THE CIA GOT ON U LINDSEY????
U NEED TO EXPLAIN YOUR CONNECTION WITH TRAITOR McCain & GEORGE SOROS ??? R U A TRAITOR 2 REP. PARTY ? @seanhannity @POTUS
#America is sick of dbl standards.@LindseyGrahamSC! You sat idly while BH0 admin lied, cheated..You're aligned w #DNC not #USA.
#TermLimits
GFY
Hey Senator have you seen Seattle Tribunes story on source of WH leaks? Hint he hasn't tweeted for 4 days
Holder lied, blatantly, Benghazi got people killed, how fast these transgressions were forgotten?
No, Sessions needs to explain nothing.  Graham needs to be quiet & stay out of the conversation.
You need to force the leadership to appoint a Special Prosecutor. You know where this ends. Sooner rather than later.
.@LindseyGrahamSC AG was already campaigning for @realDonaldTrump. It's just too much. Off-the-charts irregular.
Like Valerie Jarret running Onodle's shadow government? I guess that's normal.
Russia is a foreign antagonistic power since the 20s. This is a fact. Not an alt-fact. And lies are lies, period.
I will do everything in my power to help whoever runs against you!
what if a Democrat's attorney general had lied under oath about his contacts with a hostile foreign power? You'd feel same?
You sir and McCain are either corrupt as hell and hiding something or your being bribed, which Is it? BS Russia deflect
The people of S. Carolina need to vote you out.
It is time we remove all USA haters from office.
S.C. you need to step up.
can you explain your trip to Ukraine, your funding of ISIS in Syria, your campaign taking $ from Soros, Your hate for Trump
bravo and well said sir I commend for this , I don't always agree with you but this one yes
yes but you have to make a gosh-darn federal case out of it run with the opportunity you've been given Mr Graham
lA liar is a liar. He should not be the attorney general. Let's all use the "I forgot".
stay on them Senator Graham. Truth squad
so, how many more times does he have to do this?
I know he's your friend and all but so far the Russian ambassador has lied less than than Trump's people. Can we ask him?
. I'm not your constituent  but you almost always stand for truth specifically when it's  transparent.  Why lie
get lost. We will remember.
having talked to the Russians as a senator, wouldn't that  fall on Obama's administration?
You need to explain why you are not standing with the Republican Party!
why aren't you so adamant about what Hillary did? The lies of the Democrats? Enough of your shenanigans sir!
you need to resign,we the ppl are sick of the RINOS running scared every time Dems speak,grow a spin or get out
Explain your lack of loyalty.Why don't u ask the man you've worked w/all these years rather than publicly cast dispersions?
I guess we shouldn't be surprised at your utter disdain for so many of the American people you are paid to represent.
BS. I don't recall anger over obama s treasonous DOJ AG. You need to explain John McCain contacts since u 2 hand in hand
where are you on Loretta lynch and Eric holder when they forgot?!
U need 2 explain y Soros hlpd fund UR campaign. He owns U & John McCain. Both of U r disgraces. Trump=Nat'l U &McCain=State
#Sessions is a good and honest man. Shame on you.
Sit down and shut up, Lindsay! Where were you for 8 years when Obama's administration was totally lawless?
We've had enough of this guy. He's a GOPe cuck and needs to go!
You need you explain why you hate every single Russian with every ounce of your being.
You're an embarrassment.
wake up
Thank you
even fox "news" is raising serious questions about Sessions
Dems need to friging grow up. We are all growing tired of thier BS
And you need to retire.  You will not be reelected.
You are all being manipulated by people like Lindsay..... @LindseyGrahamSC
what a jerk you are...so who have you spoken to says a senator?????
I hope you get voted out of office
as usual Lindsey, you should have kept your mouth shut drawing attention to yourself #BingBong 
Cut the Russian crap, who cares except all politician whores. How about going after Lying corrupt Hillary???
You and your boyfriend, @SenJohnMcCain, need to explain your relationship between each other & with ISIS!
We're waiting for you to go after Hillary this way!! What are you waiting for? Very suspicious!!!!
WE THE PEOPLE will see to it that you & McCain will NOT make a cent on war w/Russia!!!
@Gingrich_of_PA You're a cuck #Rev18 c/o Dixie Nation and WickMediaProductions #War
You and McCain are RINOS!!! A Democrat sympathizing globalist!
u r protecting a traitor. The American political class is rotten to the core. Unreal.
- He lied   point blank no excuses- he needs to go!
Please explain yours Senator Graham! You denied ever talking to the same Russian ambassador! Sounds like you lied!!!!!
You need to back off.  Not impressed with your behavior.
Hey Democrat @LindseyGrahamSC, AG Sessions DID explain himself. He answered the question asked, not the question the MSM changed
there is now documented evidence that AG Sessions perjured himself to the U.S. Senate. Let that sink in. Be a true American
If this was a Dem entire GOP would be demanding resignation (see treatment of HRC emails Benghazi). President is a joke.
or even a weasel of the american type
@williamlegate funny how the left turn on each other or talk about Russia only after they lost & forget Hillary or Loretta
You mean 'AS A MEMBER OF THE ARMED SERVICES COMMITTEE"?
You & McCain need to explain why the two of you insist on behavior that make you such darlings of the Democrat Party.
- actually Sessions has to explain why he lied to the Senate
Your team goes first
In that case so does EVERY Dem Senator who ever met with a Russian Ambassador. Where to begin?
You all need to prove you are on our side (us Americans) and stop with the witch hunts on Trump and his Cabinet.
Your confused obviously, AG needs to be about truth right, wrong & ethics. His Racist ass shouldn't be there anyway! Sad
Thats the kind of the purpose of a CONFIRMATION hearing Senator...He chose to lie ,anything he says now cant be trusted
Why is it ok for a republican to lie? If this was HRC you know you'd call for a resignation #FireSessions #CountryOverParty
Senator, you need to figure out which side you are on . . .GOP or DNC!  You are a coward and traitor to your party!
its appropriate and part of his job.  Why dont we tell the whole truth any more?  He may be guilty he may not.
you should follow him out the door with the destruction of America agenda you have #townhall2017  #RepublicansAreEvil
Sessions didn't lie when he answered a poorly worded question.
the perjury, not the meeting, is cause for immediate dismissal.
Why do you hate fellow Republicans?
agreed.  AND a full investigation by a Special Prosecutor into allegations of Russian interference in our elections!
I really thought it would be appropriate to explain why he lied under oath to Sen. Schumer & Franken.
...and why he covered it up by lying to congress.
YOU DID NOTHING ABOUT CROOKED HILLARY AND HER EMAILS..YOU LET THE WEST WING DETERMINE THE OUTCOME THEN !
hear fromus....The Dems .lost and they will do anything to disrupt our Pres....this smells of Obama and his crooks!....
WE DIDN'T HEAR A PEEP FROM THE REPUBS. THEN ! STAND WITH THE PRES> AND HIS ADM. OR YOU WILL
The REPUBS need to stop eating their own. Sessions answered 100% correctly to Franken's questions in context of "campaign"
YOU needed NO explanation from OBAMA when his super pac " One Voice" tried to influence the ISRAELI elections and failed..
That ambassador, as you well know, is also Russia's top spy recruiter. Why meet w/him &keep it secret?
HE LIED UNDER OATH!! Why are you supporting an AG who has perjured himself? That is beyond ironic.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Earnest questions: Shouldn't he have done that in the 1st place & how can we know this round's answers are truthful?
soooo u support @RealBenCarson for HUD but think #Sessions should explain himself?  the whole GOP needs to exp themselves
It's unfortunate he was not forthcoming in his testimony. He might have saved himself a lot of trouble.
He did. Explained he met as a Senator. No contrary evidence. You questioning based on supposition is inappropriate
I think the issue is perjury. Rule of Law, etc. ring any bells?
I #SupportSessions Peloton,  Shumer, Graham and McPain have consistently undermined Trump since his success in campaigning
This is all BS. Look beyond the loser dems and their loser leaders. Nothing but another smear campaign. Get behind Sessions
This is all BS. Look beyond the loser dems and their loser leaders. Nothing but another smear campaign. Get behind Sessions
you know as a Senator he met with many Ambassadors just as you do and Claire McCaskill does.
saw u on CNN why would u appear on fake news channel.stop the witch hunt ur on r team right??
You need to explain why you are after Jeff Sessions. You know Sessions did nothing wrong.
he has already denied all contact. You are a respectful man in office, do u speak to russia often? hold him accountable
We support Sessions and so should you.
@nwjerseyliz and he needs to be prosecuted for perjury.
how many ambassadors have you met with lately.
he lied under oath. He needs to resign. Full stop.  Or is lying under oath what all senators are supposed to do?

@LindseyGrahamSC @SpeakerRyan @cspan D'oh!!! #Democrats Hypocrites!!!
so immediately bring him before the judiciary committee and have him explain then call for his resignation
He needs to resign. He lied under oath, putting himself above the law. No "oops" allowed for someone in his position.
The FBI found nothing these Obama leftovers trying to ruin Trump
You know I never bought into Pizzagate nonsense but I'm beginning to think maybe it's true & you're a part of it
shame on you!!!!
this is ridiculous! You eat your own you're still against your president
We the citizens of America demand YOUR resignation! You don't serve our interests and continue to oppose OUR President!
just talking about grand kids folks........
i have worried that major GOP party members have supported trump at the expense of our democracy. thank you for this.
U need 2 explain why u always side w liars&traitors u girly man
We hate GOP est -espbu and McCain
He committed perjury
u need 2 explain ur treasonous actions over ur lame do nothing career as a senator & ur friendly relations w/our true enemy
Seriously??? that's it????
Sessions had the chance to explain during his confirmation hearing - He Lied - like Flynn did, like Trump has repeatedly.
Shut up!
So you tweeted this after you scheduled a meeting with Comey but before meeting him? Odd timing. Think you'd wait 2 hours
He lied to Congress under oath. You may be ok with that, but what do your constituents want? How can Sessions lie & serve?
Sessions need to step down. He flat out lied during the hearings. Stop making excuses.
HE LIED under oath. What is wrong with you.? That's enough to get a lawyer disbarred but our AG is above reproach?
- AND he needs to explain why he lied about those contacts to Congress, under oath. He lied. Under oath. Unacceptable.
He had his chance to explain. Now the only thing he has to figure out is if he quits or gets fired.
thank you!
im sure you and mccain will help us get through this mess... !
exactly! he was Senator fullfilling his duties as Senator mtg with All foreign dignitaries' while Dems blocked him from AG
hug your #talkingpoints @RedNationRising #DrainTheSwamp #LeftBehindConstituent
With all due respect: The contact isnt the issue. The issue is he lied under oath about it.
Your a disgrace to America. Sessions did nothing wrong. Answer within the context...”in the 2016 election.” You can't read?
he has lied under oath and needs to be held accountable no integrity in this admin at all and it likely goes to the top!
I am a Dem. You have become a voice of reason.  Do not lose that voice please.
Why?
You need explain why you have become a liberal fighting against the American People. #TERMLIMITS
Last night @CNN townhall you said your biggest fear was "not standing up and speaking when you know it's right". Well?
.So you condone him lying under oath?  For some reason I thought you were one of the guys who fought for truth and justice?
stop trying to sabotage our POTUS you look and sound like a fool @SCGOP vote him out!
I'd really like to see any GOP member do the right thing and call for resignation. If Sessions was a Dem, you know they wld
And for lying under oath?  Is that okay now because he's a crony?  You almost had me last night, but like a leopard....
What would you be saying if he was as a Democrat?
That should have been done in confirmation hearings. He actually LIED in those... UNDER OATH! #RemoveSessions
no he doesn't, it's understand a senator will have contact with foreign ambassadors
between Sessions lie and Nunes partiality. .we can't get a fair impartial investigation.. Needs Open, Independent Inv..
He answered the question he was asked. I stand with #Sessions. Push Back!
Senator, please read these comments and take the outrage of the American people seriously.
I bet your mentions have already given you confirmation that your time as a Senator is coming to a close. Good riddance.
stop aligning yourself with democrats, or join their party. Besides you have destroyed your Presidential ambitions with GOP
You ppl are on nothing but a witch hunt. Quite sure he meant no communications concerning the matter they were discussing.
no, that chance is gone. HE LIED. It's called PERJURY, by the highest lawman in the country! AG is now a known criminal.
who said I backed Obama? Deal in facts, plz
I'm a citizen who expects the top lawman of the country not to lie during an interview for his top job. It's
doesn't matter. I deal in current issues.
