Glad to hear that. You looked disinterested in speech when TV camera panned your way.
we are not stupid enough to believe this liar.  actions say differently.  don't be fooled!  country before party.
Let's get the rest of the cabinet approved.
@ZiffyKat @POTUS stop talking behind @Potus back. @SenJohnMcCain is outright insubordination
We don't trust any further than we can throw u graham, mccain, ryan. u r traitors. treason. We'll stop u.
Then start acting like it instead of echoing the BS from your butt-buddy @SenJohnMcCain .
our last President begged for it.  Good luck!
- UGH - I would not even look forward to seeing him let alone work with him - Criminal!Wait and see worse than Nixon
@GregMazares @POTUS At least try,Graham,not to look like anti Trumper!
He has to follow that up with actual concrete actions, I'm fearful he will not because of his lack of depth, nature.
@ZiffyKat @POTUS I don't think we believe you Lindsey
Haha, I doubt that!
see how u lost to this man Now get off your A-- and do something for the people not for the Company's  that own u
Russia is a bigger threat than the Moose Lambs. Trump failed to mention them.
And it's really stupid to spend on the military if you are beholden to Putin and can't use it against him.
A disgruntled powerful policitian looking for Trump to Kiss your Ring. Reagan said never spk I'll of a fellow repubs
LIAR!  U R the picture of obstruction and ignorance...a perfect reason for term limits...please retire... #USUK
nice of you to finally come out of the closet and be recognized!
Dream on!  You're supposed to be working for the American people.  Tax returns,Russian involvement!
Start thinking Win-Win with the Dems. You need to step up and lead the way in bipartisanship.
Well, that would be a first.  You only seem to be interested in working with Democrats.
thh investment in infrastructure sounds the same as the previous presidency
- Unity with Russia? You're going soft.
Obama made the same call, you met it with obstructionism and the American people suffered for your posturing. #liar
exactly what Eric said. Investigate #russianhacking follow the money. emoluments clause.
Desperate for any bad news
loyal to no one. You and McCain sell the POTUS out every chance you get. Talking from both sides of your mouth.
Just for once, put your damned country first.
Unity and bipartisanship? You're joking? Right?
Just do as you're told monkeyass and tell your boy McCain to shut his mouth and fall in line. You two are out of touch!
Wish you would "See the Light" and be supportive of Change in Washington this country much needs. U Lack Leadership
time to get on board we the people don't want division we want action!
, actions speak louder than words, senator. When y'all actually TRY to reach across the aisle, then I'll believe it.
Work with the President and not against him.
just like the unity and bipartisanship given to pres obama the past 8 years?!?!  
Actions speak louder than Steve Bannon's words all dressed up for the party. You guys are being played by a master.
Liar! You and your buddy McCain will trash him and middle class tonight on CNN. You both only want wars!
Yea all while telling him his budget will be dead on arrival, U better start thinking before you open your Big Mouth
so why didn't you work with Obama
words are easy. Nothing he's done so far looks like unity to me
Americans want that too. It starts with respectful rhetoric from the top. #StillWaiting
keep loving those dems LG!
you are so small In mind and stature
the chance of that happening is equal to the chance we meet your grandchildren one day
It was normal why all the hype because he didn't go bat  crazy half way in? Disgusted he used Mrs. Owen as a 1/2
didn't the last potus call for the same thing? Hypocrites!!
Senator Graham, immigrants are not the problem.  The problem is guns, guns, guns and lies, lies, lies by POTUS.
Lindsey you better get off your ass and be part of solution- not the problem!
Please focus on Russia, President Trump's tax return transparency, actions not words and most of all bipartisanship.
don't be distracted by being told what you want to hear. #russiatrump there is something there.
about fucking time, Lindsey.
please tell me you did not believe that B S. The only one he cares about is himself
Hypocrite much?  Block and obstruct anything Obama tries?  Sound familiar?  You followed McConell's lead like a pup.
He is a disaster & u know it
I almost thought there was a shred of decency in your face during the speech - apparently I was wrong
You, who said the Trump budget yet to be released, DOA now want to join the team? Get off the fence, Senator
WE WANT HIS TAXES SHOW HIS TAXES. WE ARE NOT SHUTTING UP ABOUT THIS.
Senator Graham, please hold him, or at least try, to working towards it.  YOU, we trust him, not so much. SHAMEFUL
please Lindsay. Do what's right and you know Trump''s agenda isn't right.
why didn't you appreciate it over the last 8 years? #pretendbipartisanship
Does that means you sre going to stop undermining the POTUS, and stop creating unnecessary tension with Russia.?
will you work with him after his impeachment?  DO YOUR JOB!  #TrumpRussia
this is suchhhhhhhh a low bar to meet
thank you senator because the people are DEMANDING THAT YOU DO!!!
he also called immigrants criminals. Haven't the @gop had enough divisive and hateful rhetoric? Hate crimes are up!
were there Russian subtitles?
Don't forget RUSSIA Senator.
Lindsey, I know that you know that the President is a maniac ingrate. Your cowardice will echo for generations.
Good, then drop the phony Russian investigation distraction from the liberals already.
Raise the bar Lindsey. Even Bush stands taller.
c'on Mr. Graham - don't trade your soul in. Country over party.
#TrumpRussia #TrumpPutin
but when Obama called for the same thing your party did....what exactly? 
hypocrite... Do you follow him on Twitter? Listen to his press conferences? He's the poster child for a bully.
hypocrite!! Y'all obstructed Obama for 8 years! GOP puts party before country every time. Shame. #impeach
How about you Lindsey, how's the "Low Country" gonna deal with an ocean just 2 feet higher and stronger storms?
Lindsay grow a pair.  There's a lot of good republicans out there.  Trumps not a republican
don't forget to keep your eye on the Russian connection.
How many drinks does it take to say that with a straight face
OH  Lindsey for God's sake stay on msg.  Your waffling is making me dizzy.  RUSSIA  RUSSIA RUSSIA.
Senator, if I have not liked you, I have respected you as an adversary. That respect is coming to an end.
Don't get too attached because he's a felon ad he's being blackmailed by Russia...FACT
He figured out health care is complicated, so perhaps too the concept of climate change can be learned.  Waiting...
you look forward to working with a Russian stooge? Sad
Independent investigation re Russia? POTUS conflicts? His taxes? Will you hold him to account?
really? i saw a bigger divide.  Lot of BS then depicts immigrants as murderers again. Shameful display of the widow
when can I begin praying to America's supreme leader V Putin?
When Obama asked for that you said no.
Are you kidding?  This is Mr. "Reach Across the Aisle" were talking about.
BS! Your full of it!
I'm a firm believer in "Actions speak louder than words."  Actions to date make unity a bit difficult to achieve
poor Lindsey. Trump actually was Presidential. To those who keep bringing up Russia, get a life. It's all bs.
investigate the Russian connection for our country!
Yeah, since you are basically a democrat! Despicable swamp dweller!!
Seriously? He just pulled the knife back in the divide dude.
how are you going to pay for his promises?
I read that keep the gravy train rolling. NO. Drain the swamp.
Oh please Auntie, grow a pair, will you? I thought you LOVED this country 
That's crazy. It was like someone who just slapped you then asked to be friends. The man shows no empathy. SAD.
actions speak louder than words
I had such high esteem for you once, Senator Graham. Smh.
The question is Did he actually mean it?  I hope so, but he's said a lot of things that contradict other statements
Barf -love a liberal aka his "enemy" @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS
- Fool! Liars lie and hate crimes go up!
Please ask of you can take a quick peek at his taxes while you are at it.  I'm sure he won't mind.
I was one who wanted you for President. Now, it seems as if you have thrown in with everything you were against.
blah blah blah
was expecting 2C Lindsey Graham deliver the Democrats' response while John McCain applauded him in the background.
We will pray for that. Meanwhile, We want his tax returns and investigation into Russia's tampering with election.
RUSSIA.
Are you freaking kidding? Do you think we're just coming out of a coma?
wake up and listen to your conscience
you sold out to the Donald .. how can you sleep at night?
would have been great if your party discovered this moral obligation in 2009.
can't believe you bought into his garbage.
Keep the focus on #Russia please.
Get your head out of your ass - seriously?  Grab a clue.
what about the russian invasion? @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS
I hope you meant investigation
I did mean investigation but frankly it could be called an invasion (like the body snatchers)
with the proposed larged increase in military spending I'd suggest we also invade Mars.
