South Carolina town hall crowd boos @LindseyGrahamSC after he says he's going to try to help Pres. Trump "be as successful as possible." 
.@LindseyGrahamSC stick to your promise to investigate as far as it takes. #SpecialProsecutor NOW!
then let's get a full investigation over with and get on with governing!!! #SpecialProsecutor
then why does the president keep tweeting about it???
he thinks he was wiretapped. Let him have that investigated and see where it leads!!
@LoveuLynn @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS he appears to be more aligned with the pathetic Democratic Party than the American people
I assume you are referring to LG's letting Trump get away with whatever he wants
taking credit for reducing the budget, and growing jobs, when we are on Obama budget
Net jobs in economy far less than 2009, Obama only counted jobs added, never used net
@DeplorableHetz I thought the democrats were importing people to rallies. You are from OK how much are you being paid
yea I got it please write your senator, or move to SC got it
Graham is majority leader of the US senate not just a SC rep.
then what is Mitch McConnell
So are town halls. so pick a side don't flip flop
Good for you, democracy isn't always easy or pretty but its the best we have!
thank you for not running away from a dialogue with constituents from both sides.
Arizona AG Brnovich has it right in opposing federal bills to close states' #poker websites. Let states decide!
Please support regulated online poker in America.
Many conservative groups rightly oppose your big government push for a federal ban on state-licensed #poker websites. #tcot
.@LindseyGrahamSC Well, you are wasting political capital on a big government #CronyCapitalism push to shut down states #poker websites.
I disagree with you on many things, but you aren't a complete coward. Which is a plus. Keep in mind you were elected to REPRESENT that room
the coward is the wimp Trump... trumps a wimp and a cry baby
support regulation of online poker, not a ban! Players need consumer protections. Allow the states to decide #10thAmendment
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
You have supported this loon, you will be held accountable, tax returns & Independent Committee, NOW!
Although you are Hawkish and I feel Putin is not as bad, I still believe he shouldn't be allowed to get away this time
stop violating our constitution, states have a right to choose internet poker. honor the bill of rights, no federal ban
I appreciate you wanting to investigate Trump/Russia ties. PLEASE keep that up! We need a truly independent investigation!
I don't like your politics but I'm happy to see that you understand you represent everyone in your district.
please grow a pair before it's too late and we all end up dead!
We want Americans successful. We want ACA! We don't give a rats ass about the crazy man in WH as long as you get him OUT!
Lordy where did the myth come from that ACA supporters don't work? Have worked 40+ years.
Nope - employer pays for it (part of compensation.Not all ACA plans are identical. Get informed.
It's part of the "compensation" for working - in my view I earn it. Not paid for by public.
Please stop wasting time trying to ban online poker. Millions want to keep this freedom. Please drop it and move on.
Support Regulated Online Poker. Oppose all Federal & State Poker Bans. Prohibition of Regulated Poker is a Failed Policy!!!
get Sessions resignation. Investigate the Russian connection. Demand DJT's taxes. Do YOUR JOB.
@Zoraida12098036 It's going to get tougher since Republicans choose to tip toe around the Orange Criminal #Resist
THANK YOU FOR DOING YOUR JOB - I DID NOT WATCH BUT CAN IMAGINE - THANK YOU FOR LISTENING THE YOUR PEOPLE'S PAIN
On a daily basis NV NJ & DE are proving US/state based Internet poker to be safe for consumers/players. #NoPokerBan
Please drop your support for a nationwide Internet poker ban. It's anti-Tenth Amendment & anti-liberty. Poker Players Vote!
Lindsey Graham supports crony capitalism by pushing a ban on online poker to protect Sheldon Adelson from competition. Bought Congress.
Stop the overreach, No Federal online poker ban. Prohibition does not work tell Adelson you won't be bought.
legalize online poker in america and regulate it !!
Fresh Water Lakes OUR DRINKING WATER, Trump to slash EPA cleanup funds. What is wrong with this administration.
even with the strict constraints the EPA has now they have failed time and time again.Maybe states control
States cannot be trusted to do the right thing either. Lead in Michigan water, Govenor made that bad decision.
@pacelattin there's a difference between being a proud conservative & being a traitor to , supporting treasonous adm.

You're not even listening to why we oppose what you're saying. You simply think it's b/c we don't like Trump. Much deeper.
Don't be all talk & no action, please. It's your job to listen to us, make informed decisions, & hold admin. accountable.
Start with investigating ties to Russia. Call Trump out for his immature, unpresidential outbursts. Protect marginalized.
Thank you. Everybody should work to make @realDonaldTrump administration successful for the sake of our COUNTRY.
When will the adult republicans who claim to care for our nation finally take a stand? Tic, tock, tic, tock....
ryan, mcconnell, &Chaffetz ought to take note all the support you got and have for putting country first!
I'm a progressive democrat and yet u r one of few GOP that I believe is putting country first over party... 
I don't agree with u often, I think you are a rino. But this crowd is not your constituency. It's cherry picked.
Accusing Obama of being a criminal and "sick" is projection 101.
Putins puppet has finally proven to anyone with half a brain, he is uniquely unqualified, unfit, and unstable to do the job
Want to get to the bottom of Trump's claims?  Start with his diaper.
TIME TO COMMENCE IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS!
Will you please do something about Donald Trump?  He is out of control
a Hillary presidency would be facing impeachment.  Where are the checks and balances, congress? Terrified! Unhinged POTOS!
It's time we move from defense to offense. Dems are kicking Repub butts. Start attacking there is plenty of ammo #Attack
seriously ???i wish we see something more constructive that a warm seat
I appreciate your showing up for a town hall. I don't appreciate your dismissing your constituents. Please hear us.
I voted for you twice for your pragmatism. Trump is disgracing the office of president, damaging our govt. #DoYourJob, sir.
:Stop the madness! Get a special prosecutor to investigate Trump &campaign.No one will believe Congressional investigation
Weeks of resisting to investigate #TrumpRussia and now you want to jump right on this other thing. Huge mistake.#GOPLies
investigate Trump. Please.
@BenSasse @POTUS impeach this AHole in One already. @realDonaldTrump where's your wife? Enough is enough!
Hey at least you had the balls to appear! So many of those chickensh*t senators just won't poke their snoots outside AT ALL
Be our hero, demand a thorough investigation of #russiagate and put an end to this madness!  We need a real leader!!
thank you for believing in free speech !
as a democrat, why are you defending trump?
way to confront the crowds and go out there. Many Reps didn't have the guts to face people knowing they are going to hate
Until someone in Washington gets enough balls to get to the truth with what's going on, this BS will continue on both sides
At least you had the balls to face the people you serve.  @SpeakerRyan still MIA.
You are a LIAR!
Now just acknowledge evolution, a woman's right to choose & human caused climate change then you'd be pallatable....maybe
LET'S NOT BE POLITE LINSEY.. IT'S BATSHIT CRAZY...AND YOU KNOW IT.  DON'T SELL YOUR BULLSHIT TO US..
you sound exactly like your man crush @SenSchumer
how you get elected is beyond belief....nothing like governing against the will of your constituents.
Liberals are doing their best I hope they get the same  Soon.
I would suggest you review tweets in favor of Trump if you don't feel his lying is creating a national crisis!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Please investigate Trump-Russia or you help a traitor to succeed. It's now Sessions, Flynn, Ross, Page, Manafort, Stone...
lying Lindsey! EH?
You may have lost my support. trump tweeted a lie & you know it. You fed the lie.  Shame on you!
help us by standing up to this nutcase.  Save us. Have the courage and conviction to do so. It is up to you and McCain
Someone had better start standing up for OUR President.  Tired of all the lies coming out of FBI  Mark Levin has proof!
@ABCPolitics How about getting to the TrumpRussia issue? America wants to see Trump's Tax Returns!
I may disagree with you on many things but I respect you. You are one of the few Republicans I do respect. You and Kasich
@SenJohnMcCain With the tweets, this pres cannot be making your job easy.  Country before Party
Mr. Graham, you and @SenJohnMcCain are in a unique place, not just in politics, but in history. Put  first we'll help sir
@VP FBI&DOJ just issued a statement that there is no and never was a wire tap.Trump is lying to us again.Trump is ill
When history weighs  in, anyone who has supported this corrupt administration will be branded as a partisan coward.
YOU sure did kiss the a**es of Dems present in that town hall! You are exposed as a Trump enemy and cowardly fool!
keep being a true patriot hopefully this nightmare will reveal it's self
Time has come for #US military to consider declaring #marshal law investigate #Russia #TrumpRussia ties to government.
can someone please get Trump off of Twitter, it is an embarrassment to your country, he is scaring the crap out of us
Lindsey Graham is a total clown it's a shame he's all South Carolina has to represent their State! Such a loss
do your job the WH and crew are dirty DRAIN the swamp and you may get another job in politics Put on some big boy pants
Sir, according to PPPolling Lindsey Graham is South Carolina's least popular politician. Why not switch party & fix that?
well obviously you had a mess of Liberals at your Townhall as that is what Obama has installed! Get some backbone!
It is TIME to subpoena Trump's returns.We need answers, and RELIEF.He's pointing fingers at Obama!?What is he hiding?
so are you simply a real liberal pretending to be a Conservative?  What not go ahead and crossover.....at least be honest
Lindsey Graham can you please go away and not help!
we appreciate you and we need you more than ever. Thank you for all you do for us
This is the leader of your party saying totally deranged things. So what are you going to do about him?
We want him to succeed. Like we want the pilot on an airplane we're on to be successful. (Not my quote BTW)
you legitimized Trump's claim re Obama' alleged wiretap.Unbelievable! Think Obama non citizen. Cruz re military invasion TX
don't agree with you on a lot but have always respected you and your ability to talk to the other side.
I appreciate your willingness to meet with your constituents.
 I APPRECIATE YOU facing your constituents. (I might have a little crush on you, Senator; opposites attract, after all.)
it is clear that trumpers live in their own reality and have to be treated as cult members. #deplorables
The big question wil be how do we deprogram them once we get rid of trump?
Thx for showing up, but seems you just want to stick to the party line. Please support investigation of Russian ties to WH.
don't worry girlfriend...it gets better
Please explain why you and Sen McCain are trying to undermine Republican President Trump? Is this a Stalinist style purge ?
@ABCPolitics You have been bought and blackmailed by the deep State. Your Globalist Agenda is not the Americans.
You know it may have been a tough and I may not agree with you but you're not chicken $#!t. I respect that!
he is acting like a responsible adult. Refreshing.
We the people are depending on you to save us from the megalomaniac in the White House.
I hope you see Trumps attempts at deflecting.  Please keep investigations focused on substantiated claims and not nonsense
maybe they booed him.Double talk Graham
you need to start acting like a politician and get behind your POTUS instead of Pelosi,Waters,Schumer. Aka The 3 Stooges
Thank you for appreciating all of your constituents.  I'm not sure when this became a rare quality for @GOP leaders.
I will never agree with your positions, but you are a patriotic statesman that puts America first.  Please #resist Trump
Amnesty for illegals is TREASONOUS! Why do you support law breakers, Lindsey?
If you continue to push Amnesty for illegals, then I pray the good people of South Carolina turn you out of office NOW!
Whose side are you on?  You are an opportunist, just like your fellow Judas, John McCain.
I am an ideological opponent but congratulate u 4 upholding democratic principles unlike many colleagues stifling speech
@ABCPolitics @CNN @MSNBC @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Crowd would be more tolerant if R's stop ignoring,avoiding Constituents.
Lindsey be the TBA from SNL, put country 1st. Don't ruin your career by going down the rabbit hole
I bet it's the Democrats in the audience that booed you. Stick by this President and you will be rewarded in the future.
Your pre-election assessment of T should not be overlooked. You are wrong to ignore your own instincts today.
leadership. Thanks
WE DON'T TRUST YOU, WE DON'T LIKE YOU & YOU NO LONGER REPRESENT SOUTH CAROLINA - ONLY YOURSELF!  WE WILL DEFEAT YOU!
.@LindseyGrahamSC thank you for being a Senator with the guts to act like a Senator.
trump is a sick unhinged narcissist. support @tedlieu H.R.669 so this crazy man doesn't start nuclear war.
Thank you for not being afraid of your own people. Sad that this is an accomplishment. You are one of our only heroes left.
.....time for you to retire.  Either get on board or get out of the way.
word 2 wise= don't B condescending 2America ppl by believing u have authority 2 tell audiences 2B quiet= they R not beneath
apparently no one believed you. Maybe you could do something to prove you want to help President because I haven't seen it
You need to stick to why Trump asked for help from Russia live on TV? And they showed up?
If you were the entire @gop , you'd have a real shot at winning @TheDemocrats votes every year. #oversight
@GOP This is a REAL conservative. What happened to the party of @dicklugar ? I'll take uncommon sense over #tinyhands .
As an American who wants options, THANK YOU for the way you #doyourjob . I appreciate you. #nolabels
head now DJT middle of the night angry tweet storms. Out of the blue he brings Obama up with no proof. Who CRAZY here??
Thanks for taking a beating yesterday.  I don't agree with all of your politics but you have integrity.
support my Pres T, fully so he can help US
putaside ur huge ego, humble urself before God
Weren't you on the NeverTrump train...aren't you still on the NeverTrump train?
dude you are a joke. Do everyone a favor an switch political party.
Good on you for meeting with your voters. I'm sure the crowd was tough.That happens when you don't vote in our interests
if the first FISA request was denied against @realDonaldTrump was there an appeal to FISCR? Was 50 U.S.C. ยง 1805 followed?
more worried that @realDonaldTrump has spoken out about a 'lawful' warrant rather, what PC did Obama have to get warrant?
you know there was no wired tap. This is another distraction that your party caused
Define "succeed."
Go for it, Lindsey! Never thought I'd cheer a Republican, but it's happening. You KNOW @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is dangerous
I appreciate you holding Town Halls.
You may be my favorite Republican!
#GoebbelsGerbils  : when our President is guilty & we go after the 1st Black #POTUS who did not break the law. SHAME ON YOU
https://youtu.be/pQJo2p2_ncw  #Paranoia #distractions #flamethrower #throwawaythekey
You are doing the right thing. If Trump succeeds we all succeed ! Stay the course Lindsey !
I did not agree w/ u on much in the past but you are doing ur job! That I can respect.
thank you Senator for standing up for what's right. Regardless of party, or friends. Both sides have bad people.
: need independent prosecutor or 911 like commission asap!! Colon Powell, Sandra Day O'Conner, or others with integrity
I disagree on some positions but I appreciate your thoughtful arguments,efforts and integrity. Thank you for your service
: cabineticks lie under oath about Russia ties. Trump looks weak and incompetent. Russia exploiting.
: Russian is getting huge dividends over interference in election: Trump won; never disclosed taxes
Resign! You work for the Democratic Party!

#Trumpismypresident 

#Maga
