Sen. Lindsey Graham signals support for the nuclear option if Democrats filibuster the Neil Gorsuch vote http://cnn.it/2mYPwBb  
im good with that. You guys were eight years of obstruction. You did nothing. Have controlled the purse strings. #losers
@CNNPolitics If a black president doesn't get to nominate a judge, an illegitimate one doesn't either. NO GORSUCH.
Even knowing the travel ban or Russia investigation might get to SCOTUS?
Merrick Garland should have had a hearing Sir
Your party has absolutely zero moral or ethical ground on which to stand, and you know damn well it's true.
I woul be far more concerned over Trumo Russian ties. Like Garland, Gorsuch must not be confirmed.
I hope you're willing bear the consequences when the tables turn.  This is a poor choice.
You obstructed sitting Pres. Obama for an entire year on his nominee for the Supreme Court. #Hypocrite
why?
I pray the Dems will do everything to stop this Nomination! #MerrickGarland!!!
Why not just drop the Gay Bomb? All the parties break out in a tap dancing love in....
Why didn't you allow for vote on Garland? Not politics, surely.
Our prez is under federal investigation. Why not hold off? Timeliness can't be your priority. coughMERRICKGARLANDcough
this judge ruled in favor of an business firing a man who was told to remain in a truck at -15. He almost froze to death!
Tell you what  senator. You lead the impeachment of Donald Trump, and I'll direct my senators to vote for Gorsuch.
Please do not jam this nomination through. Show some respect for your Democratic (notice the "-ic") counterparts.
Respectfully, given the unanswered questions about #TrumpRussia we should wait for the next president.
Including the institutions and traditions that govern this great nation? #traitor
How do you decide which days you are going to betray the American ppl, pretend to be for us?
. Because ever person Trump has recommended has been corrupt & invol. W/ Russia we trust NO ONE GOP recommends.
NO, NO, NO!!
whatever it takes? Interesting choice of words! #lockhimup
You did "whatever it takes " to M Garland. You LIE! All Republicans are evil LIARS. YOU LIE! I learned that from J Wilson
Put Garland through first. He's the legit candidate. Then Gorsuch can have the next open spot with little obstruction.
Sorry, but the #resistance will NOT allow a POTUS under FBI investigation to appt a lifetime RWer.
too bad
Of course you will. You stole it from Obama last year. Crooks and liars, all of you.
not enough. Gorsuch already lost because of R's venomous behavior with Garland. You're not powerful enough old man.
.... weird how you didn't care about such last year.  Hypocrite much?
Because you're an evil evil man !
Then you, sir, are a hypocrite.  No appointments until Russian investigation is complete.  No appointments during campaign
I know exactly how. Confirm Garland first. Then Ds will agree to confirm Gorsuch. Simple.  "Work together" you said.
@CNNPolitics That sounds ominous. The executive & legislative branches have been delegitimized - going for the hat trick?
Merrick Garland was exceptionally qualified as well. You didn't give a damn about the intent of the Constitution then.
Can't have it both ways. All gungho on Trump/Putin collusion but you ignored Garland for a year. GOP: hypocrites & liars.
you should have fought to give Garland his time
@CNNPolitics Perhaps you could counsel him on people before corporations. He doesn't grasp that aspect of the Constitution.
And until both parties are ready to be leaders, not politicians, we will never move forward!  Shame on all of u!
need to be kicked in the ass!  Both parties continued decline to party only politics has created all of our problems!
Why would u expect things to be different when u and your colleagues didn't  even hold hearings for Garland? Both parties
. Ummm. No.  Don't be a follower.
tell your cry baby friend @SenSchumer  chuck the cuck.
:  politics before anything else--it's the republican way!  Where did that $10m come from to get him confirmed?
@CNNPolitics @MSNBC @SenSchumer Lets be honest. POTUS,Ds endured 8yrs of Rs bullying, blocks,repeals,filibusters in silence
Then you obviously haven't read up on him. His rulings favor corporations and discrimination almost every time.
hell, he even called on Russia to hack HRC during several of his campaign rallies. I just don't get it.
what about that is fair and just? F*** the electoral college vote, there is direct evidence showing his involvement!
he published your phone number. How can you continue to support this presidency? He collided with a Russia to hack the DNC!
Vote YES on the healthcare bill. With you freeloaders taking the summer off at our expense, you'd better get SOMETHING done
Don't  pretend that a filibuster power exists. Either minority can filibuster not. It's up to you to negotiate with them.
Hypocrite. #GarlandNotGorsuch #towthepartyline
if you get your SCOTUS pick, will you finally go after trump no bars barred?
And people will be doing whatever it takes to get you out of the senate
oh stop it, Lindsey. This is ridiculous. How about a compromise? You must see the hypocrisy
thank you Lindsey! Please do what you can to get the sore loser Democrats to stop acting like babies!
Clearly, Republicans stole this appointment. It doesn't belong to them.
Why don't you try offering the job to the true nominee, Merrick Garland. Or a hearing.
You've already committed TREASON, what is left bring in Russian KGB Assassins.
Complete the hypocrisy! Confirm Gorsuch! Violate your own stated principles! Prove you have no convictions!
NO votes, no work, NOTHING until the Trump/Russia investigation is complete. And an independent special prosecutor, please!
You blocked the constitutional imperative of a sitting president for months, now you have the balls to do this?
Regardless of politics of the nominee, it was your job to at least hold the confirmation hearings on Garland.
but instead you thought that the sitting president only deserved 3/5ths of his term.
The 3/5ths compromise died with the civil war and the 14th amendment.
Just as you did 'whatever it took' to criminally block PrezObama's appointment of Judge Garland! #StopGorsuch #TrumpRussia
I'll trade you one Gorsuch vote for one against TRUMPCARE. Is it a deal?@GOPSenMajority
Insist that we get to the bottom of Russiagate because frankly  I don't want to be taking Russian as a 2nd language classes
U say the Dems are delegitimizing the Pres if they filibuster this guy?Isn't the Pres doing a good job of this on his own?
No vote on Gorsuch until Trump TREASON investigation resolved
G aside can you not see that this man will take away  #rightsfreedoms fr the #Everyman &  #CorporationsOverPeople
I believed in you! I thought you were on #Russia  #Everything @realDonaldTrump shd be #Circumspect & #darkmoney? #SHAME
if dems filibustering Gorsuch is deligitimizing Trump, what the HELL do u call what the GOP did to Obama 8 yrs straight?!
I trust you. But I don't trust 45 or any nomination he makes. Can u convict him of treason first, then fill the slot?
vote no on the AHCA
That is a huge mistake. He is not qualified, and his views will hurt Americans. Vote NO!
Even ride roughshod over Merrick Garland?  Come on, sir.  You have a conscience.  I've seen the evidence.
Because THE Koch bros control you and rest of GOP. NO DEMOCRACY HERE, right?
What horrible people are in GOP!
about time you do something right
what the heck does THAT mean?
will you polish 45's shoes?
Even though so many of your constituents disagree & despise the hypocrisy of using the nuclear option on Garland. Be fair.
GOP wouldnt even spk 2 Garland bc only yr left 4 Obama yet want Gorsuch NOW with @POTUS being investigated by FBI? Hell no
@realDonaldTrump Let's get to it! NO TIME LIKE NOW!!!!!
Sounds like you already sold your soul! Whatever it takes...
tRump is destroying our country and will be tried for treason. TRump is in his last year of office.
@braaaaiiinnns that's alot senator bloods on ur hands u have the power to make this right thanks not giving shit
@braaaaiiinnns if u cared u would hold off and work on that WH I lost all respect
Too bad, then, that you CHEATED TO STEAL A SCOTUS SEAT. LIFE IS TOUGH.
Saw you on CNN last night apparently you have forgotten about Merrick Garland. You can't have it both ways.
thanks Senator
@NewDay

 GOP played games w/Garland!
 GOP said if Hillary won, GOP will wait 4 years w/empty seat!!
#GOPGames #Righteous
We cannot allow a suspected traitor to choose a candidate for SCOTUS. Downright Un-American.
How do you reconcile Trump's possible illegitimacy and Gorsuch being appointed by a possible traitor? Very odd.
How about promoting a REAL investigation into the Russia issue? That is the important thing ATM.
You said shame politics is involved. You then said Gorsuch will be a wonderful "CONSERVATIVE" judge. No Politics on Bench
.@LindseyGrahamSC You have a lot of nerve to call "politics"on Dems if they dont confirm after no hearings for Garland! GOPShame #stolenseat
Bad idea! JNG lied about having empathy--would rather you "Freeze or Get Fired." Rules corps. over worker rights/safety.
shame on you
Concentrate on Russia. You don't get a nomination while under FBI investigation. #SoMuchLosing

you disrespect Americans so much you would fight to put Putin's Judge on the Supreme Court. He will always be Putin's Judge
Gorsuch is a fascist w/dark money backing him=Putin. You aren't just fighting Dems now-you are fighting Americans
anything? You're Putin's toy too. They've evidence on Pence you know...Jail will look good on you http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/03/23/new-fbi-revelations-just-exposed-pence-russia-link-everyone-missed/ …
To do what it takes: start and finish #TrumpRussia investigation. Then we will be ready to name SCOTUS.
Bad form dude
how about impeach trump first?
I hear Donny likes being peed on
NO TRUMP AGENDA OR APPOINTMENTS WHILE TRUMP IS UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION!  COME ON MAN!!!!  WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
he's a corporate slave. #peoplenotparty #stolenseat
hypocrite.  #Trumprussia
I'm sure you will.  And it will backfire.  Careful what you promise.
you take your stand and American voters will take theirs
@CNNPolitics Garland?
Can you get health care fixed too? Can't afford it. If I get sick or hurt I will die. #fixhealthcare
MERRICK GARLAND
@gop @potus Whatever. All Republicans can do is jam stuff thru. All is in chaos & the world sees. It is an embarrassment.
how about doing whatever it takes to get a select cmte to investigate Trump?
YOU better!! Your butt is on the line Mr. Graham #THINICE
what happen to Judge Garland hearing last year? Hypocrisy? I like you Sen please be fair to both sides. No nuclear option!
I'm very disappointed in you.  But then again, what was I thinking?
it's interesting you didn't feel this way about Pres. Obama's nominee who had many more electoral votes! #soldout #resist
I have no doubt you will. Sadly this type of extreme partisan mentality is hurting our country. Please make a better choice
Breaking the filibuster will backfire someday.  He'll be confirmed eventually, let the Dems register their disapproval tho.
Can u please respond to us followers regarding Garland???
I wouldn't be saying out loud, let alone on Twitter 'I will do whatever' - so what exactly are you trying to say, hmm? @FBI
Do IT!
Yeah. Keep on siding with the Russians. SC is gonna send you back to the real world next election. #NoGorsuch #NoRussians
Graham says "Did Obama pick a judge? oh yeah but Obama does not deserve the same rights as other Presidents
I am not a Republican but I do believe u r reasonable and have morals. The American people can't trust 45 or his nomination
He would do well to remember just how many liberals live in SC.
Save the ACA and I'll do what I can got get your judge approved. Deal?
how can you expect your constituents to trust any nominations made by Trump after all that has happened?? He is a bully too
#But, it's NOT his turn!  It's Garland's turn!  That's what is fair!
@CNNPolitics I bet you will. And to plead poverty about not accepting election results. What about Garland? Obama 365 & 332
Ugh.
stop Trumpcare!
Then go back and approve Merrick Garland. Gorsuch can come next. Mitch McConnell and Republicans stole President Obama's appointment.
please get him on the court, great Judge. Thank you for doing your Job.
this may be your albatross.
you already obstructed a perfectly qualified judge from even having a hearing for over a year. So we know.
you would 
the fact that you're for him makes me wonder if he is a good choice.
given what's been going on, don't you think prudence over partisanship is required right now. Nothing is as it seems.
Gorsuch is a creep.
How can anyone support confirming the nominee of a president whose legitimacy is in question?
.@LindseyGrahamSC How can you? Please don't.
Fine. Then get on with the real issue of @POTUS connections to Russia before the election.
Sweet! Now that wasn't so hard to compliment a brilliant businessman, President Trump to you! #MAGA!
do you know a Autistic/Special needs child?Independent Adulthood is the GOAL,would de minimis be sufficient for yourfamily?
but let thousands die do to trumpcare. Blood on your hands of your constituents. Do something
@CNNPolitics  Also, just wait for the backlash when the Dems are in power again. You'll regret destroying the rules & norms
mistake
@CNNPolitics You goddamned hypocrite-----where was #MerrickGarland 's hearing?
if all else fails, call in the Russians. They'll help.
No sir, there needs to be a hearing for Garland.  Play fair Lindsey .@SenDeanHeller  Garland !!!!
Let them go nuclear. GOP is usually in the minority in Senate, so when Dems get it back they'll have a clear path to governing.
Democrats have already given you more than you gave Garland -- i.e., a hearing!
How about getting rid of gofer on intelligence committee lead first?
The HYPOCRISY of the GOP knows no bounds!
anything? How about get Merrick Garland on the bench. Til then, shhhhhh
Who cares??!
No nominee should not be considered until this #IllegitimatePOTUS has been cleared or goes to jail.
what does that mean? Whatever it takes? Scary to hear any republican say that !! #Garland should have had a hearing.
we can't confirm a lifetime SCotus position that was nominated by a man who may be a traitor
No. Gorsuch's agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies undermine our rights & protections. #StopGorsuch
including continuing to sell out your country for party gain? This should have been Garland stance.
just when I was starting to like you.
He is wishy-washy. I'm an SC voter. He is occasionally decent, most of the time he is just a Republican.
I hope that doesn't include the same 'whatever it takes' that Trump/Putin did sir.
Treatment of Merrick Garland by the Senate was SHAMEFUL. You are complicit with the sun setting on America. We won't forget
Anything? ZJ?
Merrick Garland! #twofaced
MERRICK GARLAND  MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND MERRICK GARLAND ...just saying, hypocrite
selfish man particularly after not giving a hearing to Obama nominee. Someday the shoe will be on other foot.
The precedent has been set, go NUCLEAR now!
Two words: Merick Garland.
too bad you rudely refused to consider a sitting POTUS' nomination of Merrick Garlanf.  Partisan!
Please go nuclear. It's just procedure at this point. Real nuclear option was triggered when #Garland was blocked. #Noise
#stolenseat
investigateTrump's ties to Russia BEFORE. Don't put yourself in that horrible position next to#45 without knowing facts.
He doesn't deserve it. Was last president's seat to fill NOT Trump's. #SHAME. I've voted against you twice, I will again.
You can't appoint to the SC in the last year of a presidency. Don't support Trump, Senator. Makes you look ridiculous.
