That not going to happen.Cornyn will get picked and Graham will vote for him and praise him
I like Cornyn - But I would be on the phone faster than lightening if they put a POLITICAN in there for #FBIDirector
I think that is who Trump will pick .Cornyn is very loyal to Trump
NOOOOOOO.... will be Nuclear Mistake ,,,, Needs a REAL Cop/FBI Lifer in there.....
I agree but Trump is looking for the puppet who is loyal only to him
With an investigation going on how is he allowed to choose? I pray its someone who will put country before president.
Thete is no proof the our current President had anything to do with the hacking of the dnc. He has every right to fire and appt a director.
Yes he does but not when his closet cabinet members are secretly contacting Russia. Closed meeting w known russian spy in oval office
yes
No more bankers running #FBI.

Fox guarding hen house. 

#HangTheBankers
When it comes 2 mishandling classified info it appears YOU hold to a different standard for Trump than HRC. Why?  Aren't people at risk?
How about republicans get out of our whit house?
the money is in offshore accts, well hidden. Russia did affect our election - trump invited them to do it.
Why are Republicans the most spineless creatures ever to walk in Washington?  Stop ragging on James Comey.
trump associates colluded with Russians and rec'd subpoenas, djt will go down for criminal racketeering/money laundering, indictments soon.
Lindsey Graham, THANK YOU for doing the RIGHT THING on the methane gas vote. You went against the GOP to vote the right way. Thank you, Sir!
Trump will not allow this. As long as the FBI is investigating, Trump will appoint his own man to head the FBI.
None of your ideas took hold that's why you got zero votes for prez
Thank you for publicly saying new FBI director can not be politcal appointment.
What's wrong with McCabe?? He's clearly a Patriot and knows @FBI ; mike rogers was on Trump Transition and is Partisan
McCabe is a good guy. But he's compromised. His wife took $350,000 for her campaign from Terry McCullough, too politically hot
Yes I heard that story but am not buying it...after seeing him testify he appears rock solid
It would be similar to the wife of Chris Christie's best friend being nominated
Except Chris Christie has shown he's not trustworthy.  McCabe on the other hand seems awesome
Trump will hire one of his stooges, not FBI career servant. That is dangerous for him and will speed his impeachment.
certified letter, from a firm that received an award from russia. @FBI has investigated djt for years for money laundering.
Trump shouldn't have never been trusted he may have recorded your conversation with him... #donttrusttrump
How about REALIZING...WE CHOSE @realDonaldTrump NOT YOU! HE will choose who BEST 4 the job..
That would be great if u can find one who hasn't become too political to do the job.
I can't believe you are defending Trump when he is worse than Nixon. There is no doubt Trump is a crook. I hope you lose your seat.
WE NEED a FBI Director who is LAW ABIDING and tells the TRUTH to We the People! NOT A BROWN NOSER like Comey!
Lol ... he'll back whoever Gump picks .... it's all talk
Citizens United, turning your back on ETHICS in order to have political numbers matters. Wen is enough, enough. Trump wants chaos!
You sound just like TRUMP when you say that the Russian hacking made no difference in our election. It all mattered. Merck Garland mattered!
The mentioning of tapes frighten you Lindsey?
.@LindseyGrahamSC thought you might like this. Whats your role in all this ?
Personally, I think the Israelis are off on this. I honestly can't see more than 180-190 indictments out of TrumpRussia. https://twitter.com/trichardpdx/status/863927070866292736 …
UNDER OATH FFS !  HOW CAN HE BE TRUSTED AS TOP JUSTICE OFFICIAL??
How about you stop the lies Obama had it way harder then Trump . You guys never worked with him , nor do you work now.  You are lazy
No Russia House, that is Obama run media crap , no evidence means it's over yet when it is a Democratic with tons of evidence they get free
Isn't this special? When is the constitution gonna b translated into Russian?!
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/05/pence-conspired-in-near-secrecy-with-trump-to-oust-comey-ny-times/ …
I'm gonna troll u w/ proof till u get ur patriotic juices starting 2 flow!
So today the nation's former most senior intel official said the president is a danger to the country
http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/14/politics/james-clapper-russia-collusion/index.html …

I'm detecting a pattern  Get it yet?! #SpecialProsecutorNow http://m.dailykos.com/stories/1662320 
U insulted our intelligence" w/no collusion & didn't change election results". UR party,et al kicked a hornets nest & opened Panadora's box.
How about doing the right thing for our country GET YOUR BUDDIES ON BOARD.
With all due respect, you don't really know for certain that there was no collusion between Trump and Russia. That doesn't mean there wasn't
They ignore us on healthcare,they ignore us about trump being mentally ill,they ignore russiagate,the next step is blood in the streets
Always a dig.  Comey was distrusted by both parties for good reason.
Impeach Russian agent TRUMP
Please,  yes!
Why not let the fox GOP watch the chickens (the people) fox won't do anything wrong. Criminals running White House!
The GOP has been usurped by influence agents.  
There's no question that antiAmerican agents prefer to oust patriots.
Lindsey HATE U! No u aren't doing good job! need term limits! U R republican version of Pelosi & Schumer!
You were not in DC when the Kennedy were there. Johnson, Clinton maybe/sex in our WH.do you people ever read. I lived DC
The GOP can no longer call it the moral party.  You're the party of greed, racism, sexism, homophobia & xenophobia.  Party over the people
IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!  The man had two Russian spies in the Oval Office and banned the American media.  What else do you need?  Damn.
Everything that is happening concerning Trump, nepotism, eithics violations & Russia to make a few you will lose in 2018.  I guarantee it.
FYI COUNTRY OVER PRESIDENT!!!!! Worst threat to our countries safety and democracy and you choose the ILLEGITIMATE PRESIDENT. Shame on you
How about a President leading the Country? When are you & the GOP going to DEMAND an independent investigation into our treasonous President
LG, you have lost all credibility. Trump is killing our democracy & any faith left in the system cannot rest w/ you or the GOP gangsters
A man who lies about inviting someone to dinner, secretly records, then later threatens his guest, has NO moral compass. Do the right thing!
Polls are a strong indicator of how We the People feel - senate is not doing a great job of investigating
Let the truth set you free and don't let anything or anyone get in your way!
so you have a crony buddy on the inside, how quaint
That sounds reasonable, but there is also no harm in having an INDEPENDENT investigation.  Why are you always holding back on that idea?
Rip off the bandaid, Senator Graham.  The only thing that will restore faith is to install Orrin Hatch and if he chose someone like Mitt
Romney.  Since Nixon, there has never been such distrust.  Our country is in bad shape with that exhibitionist, mob boss in office.
Doesn't want oversight . But I agree the manner in which he was fired was wrong .
Comey need to go Because he didn't investigate leakers , after this weekend hacking , that should be a priority , it appears our Intel
This =>
How much more do you need?!
Billionaires pour millions into buying Los Angeles school board seats for the Betsy DeVos agenda http://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/5/12/1661393/-Billionaires-pour-millions-into-buying-Los-Angeles-school-board-seats-for-the-Betsy-DeVos-agenda …
Duh
We need a complete do over. Our Government is completely corrupt and out of control. We need a Noah's Ark washing. Drown the political rats
Are you getting it yet?! #SpecialProsecutorNow #ImpeachTrumpPence
This =>
This=>
Docs: The Russian mob ran a racketeering operation out of Trump Towers for years-Trump lived 1 floor above.

#TrumpRussia #russiagate #amjoy 
This=>
AG Sessions recused from RUS investigation. He will reportedly interview FBI Director candidates who will oversee RUS investigation

#Resist
This doesn't look good, 
Remember how @POTUS fired him?! Read the thread!
Congrats to Joon & team in Russian money laundering case (underlying fraud uncovered by Sergei Magnitsky, died suspiciously in Moscow jail) https://twitter.com/sdnynews/status/863210141285482498 …
You're against Russian interference? But the @WhiteHouse needs their approval?!
Another 1
Another issue
Another coincidence
Interesting: This Comey dinner reportedly happened Jan. 27—puts it on the same day Sally Yates had her follow-up convo w/ McGahn re: Flynn. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/862827866278567938 …
Here's 1 financial issue
SC wants Lindsey G to butt out of this stop acting like a damn democrat
https://twitter.com/patriotczar/status/863909919401160704 …
Senator, you guys need to seriously consider RAY KELLY. He was the commissioner of the NYPD. Has extensive police background, and has...
...worked in both Dem and Repub mayoral administrations. He also led a police task force in Haiti, and is also a full USMC colonel. Forget..
...about getting someone from inside the FBI.  FBI has become a political arm of the previous administration & has NO credibility right now.
Most of the GOP are RINOs and establishment Repubs who cannot accept that Trump is the president.
Enjoy your last term little man.
No evidence of collusion with campaign and Russia? Moving on? smh You need to grow a set Lindsey! Manafort? Flynn? Carter Page? #getwoke
@SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC - stop hurrying up and slowing down dependent on the day. #CountryOverParty UR losing credibility boys
Ms. Graham should keep her advise to herself because she's an idiot.
Thank you for your leadership on this issue. There are too many unanswered questions.An appointment within FBI and continued probe of Trump.
Coach Gregg Popovich has more courage than GOP! You all should feel shame!
Gregg Popovich on how President Trump conducts himself:

"It's embarrassing, it's dangerous to our institutions…
As someone who worries more & more about the decline of American politics, your appearance on MTP was very comforting.  Thanks for leading.
does it hurt you that @realDonaldTrump is president and you aren't?  Does it give you grief?  I hope so.
Senator Graham, I am a loyal Democrat, but I truly love your tenacity and grit, enjoyed this interview.
@LindseyGrahamSC you talk a big game, but I'll bet it will be Cormyn , Trump has no shame #TrumpRussia
Watched you on MTV.  I thought you were one that wanted true facts. Never thought you would be scared of DJT. WOW how sad.
MTV = MTP
Great job, Senator! Logical.
You are a crook as wellasDT. I hope you get voted out of office.U called for SP@for Clinton butnot liar cheater Donald T.! Are u insane??
Oh come on Graham,trump is a danger 2 our democracy,he's a compulsive liar & can't be trusted.  We need a special investigation,just do it!
Linsay @LindseyGrahamSC   WHAT, ARE YOU GOD??? You have NO IDEA if Russia affected the outcome of the election! DO YOUR DAMN JOB GRAHAM!
your presidential campaign slogan was "Ready Day One". Too bad you RINO loser, you will NEVER be president!
We do need an independent commission outside of Congress because it IS a criminal issue. Do your job. This isn't sex and emails, but Treason
You are a man of integrity - so impressed with your MTP interview!
Maybe even you are involved!
Come on you know he's a traitor why are you protecting him? An innocent man doesn't fire the man investigating him. We are not stupid!
Special prosecutor! Trump, pence, ryan, mcconnel are all complicit!
Great ideas and thoughts!
Senator I hope if you do get the information that there is collision you will put COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY. I believe you will.
No. Why not Begin at  the Beginning w/new Director of FBI? No baggage; no partisanship; surely this can be found in USA somewhere.
You sounded so pollyannish on MTP. History has its eyes on you.
No way! Conflict of interest! Times 10
Who are you kidding? Trump is going to appoint someone that he thinks will grease the wheels for him. He's not looking for honesty!
Hey snowflake, get back to reality. Trump is up to his elbows in this and Flynn can break this whole thing open.
How about you realize that you will not be getting elected again. You are done. Over. Call me when the Democrats play nice OK?
Thank you for your leadership!
Make the @FBI an Independent agency,and in doing so, take the politics out of the agency.
 thank you for putting country above party
I like OUTSIDERS Fresh set of eyes  @POTUS  opened a Pandora's box of worms/ never would have known unmasking, FBI CROWDSTRIKE-Russia, etc.
How about just not allowing the guy under investigation by the FBI to be anywhere near the appointment of a new FBI Director? How about that
Not sure about Graham. He says the right things but will he do the right thing? Please prove you are choosing country over party.
I think promoting someone from within the ranks of the FBI, someone chosen by the other agents, is the ONLY thing that makes sense.
Keep being a leader Lindsey. U are the only hope for a bipartisan solution to most everything requiring congressional collaboration.
Honestly @LindseyGrahamSC This sounds great but we all know it will be a political hack instead of a real cop.
I'm a dem but always respected Graham and McCain. Thought they were above the fray. Man up and stop this crap. You know it's wrong.
we should only pick from some one currently serving in the fbi anything else is crimnal at this time = no trust
Can't imagine the boss wanting the interim head getting the job, he knows too much already.
Right, like promoting the guy who is acting director right now...the next one in line...
I'm sure Comey isn't the only person #SociopathTrump has demanded loyalty from. #BananaRepublic #notnormal #cravenGOP #AMJOY
because GOP is protecting this president.  Stop bragging about trump calling u this just shows collusion.
Thank you, Congressman Graham. The people appreciate your integrity and sensible wisdom.
Can the Republicans be trusted to know when independent investigation or counsel is needed? Not enough GOP speaking up!
Russia collusion is real u know this stop worrying about leaks. Leaks r the only way Americans will find out.
u must stop thinking in partisan ways. GOP will b in collusion with trump if you all keep ducking and afraid
do something about trump now our country is at steak! E have become a laughing stock took the world.
Wake up Senator we are investigating a crime, Comey told us they were investigating possible collusion that is a crime WTF
Thought will never occur to this WH.
Keep pushing, Sen. Graham! History will thank you! -29605
Mr.Graham, how can a person who should be a witness decide whether or not we need a special prosecutor?
You served in the military.  It's your duty to stand up to enemies both foreign and DOMESTIC. Stop playing the middle ground and serve again
You look like a Russian loving fool this morning.  Independent investigation into trump/Russia!  Be an American first, NOT republican.
U Republicans Need 2 quit Covering up 4 th POS  Do your job as American Citizens Not Greed & Putin & th POS OVER THE USA Appoint a Sp
How about prioritizing an independent commission to either exonerate Trump or implicate him. Country over party. Enough is enough
finally something with which i can agree!
You always give me a sense of safety then you do weird things make me ? my trust. Today was a good day liked what you said hope you mean it
So what's wrong with McCabe?
Excellent idea! Please stay true to your word. We need strong, level headed, nonpartisan, patriotic leaders to navigate the Good Ship USA.
The nation faces treacherous waters ahead and needs all hands on deck to speak the truth re #TrumpRussia in unity to guide USA forward.
Lastly, thank you so much for your many years of service and dedication to #TeamUSA and our #Allies.
Here's a crazy idea - how about Comey is brought back since he was wrongly fired for a high level investigation he's leading?
He has to put someone in the job that FBI agents and employees will respect and follow. Otherwise, he may have an FBI revolt on his hands.
Glad you came on the show Senator Graham. You are very clear and straightforward.
Instead of answering your questions politicians answer their agendas.
because we seen what Giuliani did with FBI from NY
For once maybe Lindsey has a good idea unless he has a candidate in mind that is contolled by Guiliani.
special prosecutor - deputy ag wrote a memo for trump to use as pretext to fire Comey.  He can't run the investigation for DOJ
I like the idea. Promote w/i. Trump/sessions will pick a person who is loyal to trump. Don't trust. @DonaldTrumpNice
@LindseyGrahamSC - another weak #REPUBLICAN, how typical.   @MaxineWaters @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats  GET A LOAD OF THIS CHUMP. #Karma
@LindseyGrahamSC what say you? There is more...simply ask. Time to be a MAN & an AMERICAN  and put your political agenda aside!

Punish #Russia by #LockTrumpUP - so much #money laundering through 
#TrumpRussia
You looked like a hyprocrite on Meet the Press.  Did that phone call from Trump soften you up? Go talk to McCain get back on track man!
@LindseyGrahamSC...great job today on MTP....more @GOP need 2 come out as Americans & not politicians ...our Democracy depends on it..!
