One of the last Iowa #Obamacare insurers moves to exit http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2621977  via @dcexaminer
Sen.Graham, I respectfully say bullshit. Please look your wife or daughter in the eye and explain why having a baby is not covered.
He's never been married. But your point stands. Sister. Mother. Nieces.
Thank you, I didn't know but someone birthed him....lol
I have always loved the USA, travel there frequently and am horrified at what is happening. Where did all this cruelty and hatred come from?
I'm Australian and feel the same way. Even wanted to move to the US. No way in hell im stepping foot on US soil while Trump reigns.
It's almost like you're rich enough that you wouldn't be affected so you don't care about that down time in the middle...
No. He just has an AMAZING ACA healthcare plan which is mostly free for him. Minor cost only. All MoCs do.
So...if I have old carpet, leaky faucets, and need a new HVAC, I should tear the whole house down, then start those repairs? Got it.

No worries just let poor people lose their insurance and die. While you and the rest of the republican sit in the WH eating chocolate cake.
But remember. It's the BEST CHOCOLATE CAKE THEY'VE EVER HAD.
Beautiful.
Tremendous.
Allowing millions of people to lose their insurance to push your agenda will cost you your job.
Your position is charade. There is no "together" when party balance is skewed from the faulty foundation of gerrymandering and voter fraud.
I say SC lets your chances of reelection collapse. Why are you a senator at all if you care so little for the people who you "represent"?
We just may have to "watch @LindseyGrahamSC collapse" while sitting on an Hermes sofa with his opponent.
Your position is ill informed and will hurt millions of Americans, the healthcare industry and 1/6th of the economy.
@leonardkl @dcexaminer Why not just work together now?!?!?
How about improving Obamacare? How about universal health care? You truly don't care about human beings, do you? #SaveACA #TrumpCare
Proving once again you only care about your constituents on election day, you sorry excuse for human being.
I truly hope you don't get elected again. Your like a tick sucking blood out of us and leaving us w/a disease!
with what? something that says there are people Undeserving of Healthcare due to cost or Condition?
I'm just one old Floridian, Senator, an Independent, but I will never vote Republican. Aetna made $2.3 Billion last year. Enough? Shame
Dems and repubs worked together for the ACA, don't you remember? Dems wanted universal, to be forced buying healthcare was the repubs idea.
It's not collapsing! That is Republican bullsh*t because a black man was able to do what a bunch of racists couldn't/wouldn't
I'm sorry, I read your tweets and my asthma started acting up, let me get my inhalers...Oh wait...I can't afford those anymore.
thank you for letting health care collapse; that is a good Christian stance to take for the poor & weak.
He's kind that way. Empathetic. And most of all CHRISTIAN.
As hard as you and trump have tried, Obamacare has not collapsed so you must have changed your mind?  Or, just out of it?
So cruel. Why not just fix it?
Uh, why wait?  So people die?
LMAO so you would be willing to let your marriage collapse, then  challenge your wife and kids to work together to replace it??
I'm hearing rumors I might lose my coverage through the VA if ACHA passes. I hope my fellow Vets in Congress won't allow that to happen.
My position on 'Trumpcare' is....  #VOTETHEYEAVOTESOUT. Every last one of them. No matter how long it takes.
Said the man who has an onsite mini-hospital at his job.
AND free care at any military base worldwide + 74% gov subsidy of his ACA premiums (chosen from 57 Gold plans)
Sounds typical of you on any non-military issue. Wushu washy. The SC voters aren't. Keep it up & you are finished.
That is self-serving and NOT beneficial to Americans who need affordable, decent healthcare TODAY!!
Nothing like being chipper about passing legislation that kills of thousands of Americans or just not paying bills so that ACA fails. Lier.
ok, then YOUR fucking health insurance should be next....you know, the one paid by MY DAMN TAX DOLLARS....
Where he gets free healthcare on any military base you mean? Free in-house doc at Congress? And 74% gov subsidy
actually, he gets First Class health coverage anywhere in the country...not just on military bases...and all on our $$$. sad, heh?
All the problems can be solved if we have a universal healthcare.
Except why don't you give up YOUR Obamacare first! 
#murderer
#corrupt
#immoral
#inhuman
#monster
 @leonardkl @dcexaminer
You don't get it. You just don't. This is people's LIVES. Not a political game. Fix it don't let it collapse.
If you're going to replace it, we need something better for the American people, not less coverage and higher costs.
How about you be brace and work on this in regular order in a bipartisan fashion?!
If the ACA collapses it's because of all the things removed by the house and senate...since it was created. Tell the truth alright?
I used to think you were OK. Evidently I was wrong.
My position also remains the same I'll fight to keep you out of office the next time you run
 Old washed-up corrupt despicable man.Selfish rushed actions will cost people their http://health.You 're a DISGRACE.
Senator, im sure you're familiar with the single patient with 1million a month in bills, single payer is the answer, not to abandon the sick
OF COURSE. You're 2 fat cats licking your lips, thinking about all the profits. #RoosterInHenHouse MEET w/DRs, NOT INSURERS
Why don't you be a real Senator and work to fix the problems with the ACA?
You're playing with my health, Senator. It's not a game for me and the millions of people like me with expensive pre-existing conditions.
I self employ and buy my insurance on the marketplace, dipshit. It isn't free.
She's also a PHARMACIST. And your qualifications are...?
That is completely irresponsible, and does not serve your constituents well! You should be ashamed!
Only problem we suffer. It's hard to make premium payments now.
Agree
What a disgusting attitude! Why not just fix parts that are not working? Oh, I know. Because it will still have a black man's name on it.
Why not fix what needs fixing!
Then your position directly endangers the lives of Americans and is not appropriate for a responsible representative. You need a plan first.
You are not distinguished or honorable. You vote as you are told by big pharma & ins after taking their money to beyray us. Citz United FU!
Why start from scratch? Make ACA better!
I think letting it collapse is a problem because people will die. But I understand as a pol, ur fellows may not act unless it does.
I'm not in your state, but I wish I could just sit down and have a nice (polite) DM conversation with u about this issue. :sigh:
Working together shouldn't be a challenge, Senator. We're all Americans. Also, less ACA and more Russian investigation.
Had respect for you, now it is gone. If OCare and the individual market collapses, people die. #VoteNO #SavetheACA
The House seems to like it for its members and staff. Just not the rest of us.
Normally I'm a fan, but on this issue I believe you are mistaken, imagine the lives impacted by its collapse.
Why not stop funding the military industrial complex and let it collapse, too?  You'd likely claim, ironically, that would imperil lives.
Millions of real people depend on ACA. #GOPkills, #politicsoverpeopleslives, #yousuck
Will YOUR insurance collapse until #ACA is replaced?
Does this mean you are willing to forfeit your own coverage for the greater good of a "collapse"?
start with no special healthcare rules for Congress
With due respect - your position of letting Obamacare collapse is analogous to letting Syria collapse by not intervening! Do your job.
It will not collapse unless your party orchestrates it. We are onto the GOP.

JUST IN: ObamaCare repeal bill contains exemption for members of Congress and their staffs http://hill.cm/nPH6pef  
The Iowa situation is NOT helped when the President sends crazy mixed signals on continuing subsidies.
You don't have to let it collapse. They've already said "if no repeal, they'll work w/you to fix it." Do you think we don't pay attention?
"Pro-Life"
So let your constituents suffer and lose coverage (which could then be used against us) so you guys can get your way? CHILDREN do that...
as a leader you want to let people suffer and use this tragedy to inspire change?!
How many people will die because Republicans took their healthcare away? Their deaths are on Republican hands (Thank god I'm rich)
You have indeed gone to the dark side. Shame on you
You call yourself a Christian? People like you are a reason I don't identify as 1 any longer. "Love your neighbor..." Okaay
Just a reminder that if you let the American health insurance system collapse people who you represent will get sick, die or go bankrupt
I die without my insurance. Oxygen 24/7....guess poor-sick people don't have a place in your world.....I thought more of U
U R doing a SHITTY job of representing the people IN SC. You'd be wise to REMEMBER.. ACTIONS ALONG WITH YOUR WORDS HAVE CONSEQUENCES
@LindsayGrahamSC That is inhumane!!!!! Why don't the Republicans care about the people they represent? This is shameful.
Shame on you sir. #voteno
It wont collapse. You are wrong on this one. Come up with a better plan
If most Americans are now behind the ACA why wouldn't R's & Ds get together to just fix it!! You're all petty!! The public pays for it.
You are now one of the biggest liars of our day. It never was, and is not, collapsing. It has that black-boy's name on it-let's be honest.
Vote for this bill & I will vote AGAINST you.
Do not vote yes for this bill today Senator please! It is going to be disastrous for so many!
And in the meantime millions of your constituents will lie sick and dying. Very good plan Lindsey.
not a sustainable position
Easy for you to say....you get to keep all the good parts, don't say you are representing us, you are representing your party interests
Senator, the house has had 7 years to create workable options in a bipartisan way. NOTHING! Americans will lose and so will @GOP in midterms
Your career should collapse and let the voters work together to replace you.
Do your job now! Why let people suffer for your goal of demolishing everything the Obamas have done. Petty
Because you are a rich, very old ,white man. Time to come into the real world.
Your position is certainly seated atop your usual fence. Grow a spine and some humanity, and put down that propaganda rag the Examiner.
15 million people...300 mil americans. We see thru your lies Graham. It was 10 mil when Ocare was passed. I hate these people they just LIE
anyway it won't "collapse" he's a republican don't listen to him. Obamacare refers to the indiv market...small piece of HC puzzle. 15 mil?
let your career collapse. You are as heartless as Trumo and Ryan and Turtle face. I thought you were better. You are not.
You should be covered by the same plan you are advocating for others.
Bullshit. The GOP has no interest in healthcare that works for Americans
You're an absolute piece of human garbage for toying with millions of peoples' lives just to play a petty political game. 2018 is coming.
My position remains the same- don't be a jackass. The lives of your constituents are not pawns to play politics with.
They'll not work together as long as the rhetoric continues!  Stop dividing us!!!!!  OMFG!
If you just let ACA fail, that helps no one. fix ACA to be stronger, help more folks , and save taxpayer  $$ = America is great again
Or you could truly make it better by identifying and fixing specific  problems, fixing those problems, and making an improved ACA.
Letting the ACA collapse will cost you your position in congress. You're career will #Collapse! Good riddance!
@RandPaul, an actual doctor, has already written a good healthcare plan. Pass it.
Let it collapse? The effects actual people. Be proactive
It needs to collapse before you fix it? "D's" already did their job how dare you call yourself a public servant
I totally agree with you Obamacare will explode we need to quit funding a failed system. We also need to quit funding Planned Parenthood.
sounds like ur a mouthpiece for the president.
I am more interested in making America great again tired of political correct let's go back to common sense.
Your position is: "sabotage ACA, pass AHCA, but keep pre-existing protections for myself. f*ck everyone else.
Smells like blackmail.
Health Care and the livelihood of Americans is not something you wait to "collapse" - your voters in SC don't support this!
Single payer please
You guys cannae even find your arse with both hands. ACA helped out those who needed it most. How much $$ will be enough for you, Graham??
are you unaware that you are supposed to represent the best interest of your constituents? Healthcare is a basic need. ASS
People will die and you will have blood on your hands. .@MarkAmodeiNV2
That's a heartless position spoken from someone who's never had to worry about health insurance.
Why not you guys just get together and make what is in place better. Sometimes I think you just don't want Obama's name on it? Why is that
Sounds unAmerican.
Lindsey, looks like people don't like your plan  to destroy the ACA. I'm betting we all vote. I'd start thinking retirement if I were you!
I like the second part.
Never. Let the R's take the blame. You broke it, you fix it.
Legislators and their staff have the option to not use the new plan. Obviously,  they don't think it's a very good plan.
Yes. Letting the system collapse and letting people lose their health care is the truly Christian thing to do, you hypocritical fraud
Why can't you work together before it collapses? Playing politics with people's lives is irresponsible.
@leonardkl @dcexaminer Why can't you work together now to fix ACA? Why do you toy with our healthcare needs?
How about working together with Dems to improve the current system instead of always acting like a dickhead?
Bad idea.  You don't know how to work together anymore.  For Repubs it's all party before Country.
And how many have to suffer for you to make a point?
I'm a Dem & have always respected you as a decent man. THIS is indecent. Unconscionable. This is life & death. Not politics. Shame. #voteNO
are you serious? These are American citizens you are talking about. Not numbers on paper. Fix the #ACA for America!
You aren't part of the solution, you're the problem...
PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!  PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY! #TRUMPGATE #REMEMBERNIXON
YOU ARE NO BETTER THAN TREASONOUS TRUMP. HEALTHCARE BILL WILL MAKE PEOPLE LOSE INS DUE TO PREEXISTING CONDITIONS!DON'T YOU CARE ABOUT PEOPLE
How about we vote you out of office?
SENATOR YOU ARE A DISAPPOINTMENT.  YOU ARE TRYING TO SAY RUSSIA PUT OUT FAKE NEWS TO SAY TRUMP CAMPAIGN COLLUDED.  RIDICULOUS! #TRUMPGATE
Pure evil does exist
And in the meantime let those who are sick and can't get health care die. After all it will decrease the surplus population, right?
READ ALL OF THE REPLIES TO YOUR TWEET, SENATOR.
Cruel & reckless abuse of your fellow citizens
Thought you might actually have a soul or conscience. 
You're a traitor to your constituency
that's why we in SC will not be voting for you this time.
Senator, how is letting Obamacare collapse a good thing? For who?
Every last lawmaker must look into the eyes of those who buried a friend, colleague, family member because of insurance industry failures.
Of course there are as well the high administrative costs, for-profit drug & insurance systems. Any solution requires facing those facts.
A large part of the problem with health care in the US is that it's not treated as a right. Another: It's a way to make money on suffering.
Time for the US & especially your own party to exercise some humility & look at how our allies provide health care. This will involve work.
collapse and leave millions without healthcare? Maybe do your job, work for the interest of your constituents, not the interest your party
So that means you'll vot no on #AHCA ?
You disappoint me. It's morally wrong to use threat of loss of health care to force a decision. These are human lives we are talking about.
Look. There are PEOPLE who depend on this thing. They are not policy points in a debate. FIX the system, don't kill the patients.
Such an irresponsible statement, shame on you
If, indeed, it will collapse without being undermined by our current administration.
...or you could reach across the aisle and work on improving the ACA now
you have made it clear that you won't work together.  grow up for the good of all of us.
Thanks, graham, screw the disenfranchised & less fortunate. Always knew you were a radical rightist. Time to vote you out
Your take is indefensible.  Improve Obamacare and call it Lindseycare if you must, but letting ACA crash suggests you lack a moral compass.
Let the insurance companies collapse so we can get on with single payer.  No  resources for insurance company profits. What do they provide?
What you are suggesting is reprehensible.  Let the car crash, let the house burn down, no matter the lives involved.
Your job is to protect - rather than use - citizens - in your game of political brinkmanship.  Improving ACA is responsible governance.
ACA only collapses if you & rest of @GOP sabotage it. Otherwise, keeps on fine. Better would be if R & D worked together to FIX & IMPROVE it
Be sure u like the coverage we have.  Once he is impeached/removed, pushing for congress to have same cov as citizens is my next mission.
I miss the fact that you used to sound like a humane man-what happened?
You're really bad at your job. Significant majority of Rs have zero desire to build a HC plan. Letting OCare die is the death of all HC.
U had 8 years to make it better! What have you got to show - nothing! 20 million will lose coverage, u and GOP will rot.
In other words, fuck anyone who didn't vote for you and many who did because you're not adult enough to do your job.
Thought you were concerned about your constituents.  Thought you wanted to work together for us. U r just another partisan politician.
Then the rest of us will position ourselves to take you down.  Say goodbye to your job, Lindsey - you never did it well anyway.
I wish you would. Collapse, that is!
It's collapsing because the Republicans had no viable plan to make it better. Repeal for 7 years was your mantra.
GOP is Dead in the water anyway which ever way it goes.
You don't give a sh!t about those who have Affordable Care do you Senator??
You're playing with people's lives here. It doesn't matter to you or the rest of the GOP, does it?
how un-American to wish your fellow countrymen ill. And to think I almost respected you. Almost.
Wrong approach. The Reps & Dems will never work together. The Reps alone are having a tough enough time.
Sad to see that "leaders" think it's ok to see people get hurt or die before they will do what they are paid to do!!! What's wrong with this
Your position does not represent your constituency
I would hope you could do better than that for the people you work for.
Your position shows an unacceptable threat to the health of your constituents.  Time for you to leave DC.
