Sec. DeVos physically blocked by protesters from entering DC school--turned away and left. Unclear if she attempted another door. @ABC7News 
are you certain they're liberals? Did you personally ask them what party they were affiliated with? Oh, I didn't think so.
seriously...  Guess what? I'm a Republican, I didn't vote Trump and I strongly oppose Betsy's appointment.
That really takes balls to say. Thanks. Repub - Dems - no matter. In the end, it's about making good decisions

Thanks for your input, thug. xoxo
yes liberals are thugs. I'm no liberal  it's just facts
sorry Mat. I shouldn't have called you a thug. Shitty weak and too much wine. I apologize.
it's okay. I'm having a drink myself . I've done the same 
it is shameful that a conservative billionaire can buy their Cabinet position.
and yet.. what if you're wrong? Did you protest democrats? They are far worse
Nothing incorrect about her buying her way in. Dems play the game, but this crossed the line.
proof?
It's absolutely shameful you voted to confirm an incompetent nominee.
So let's intimidate her at a school. Send a couple of men to physically block her. Nice job.
Agree DeVos shd be permitted to enter school--which she did--*and citizens have right to protest dismal appointee.
Protest? You call 2 men physically intimidating a woman protest?  Awful. I'd stop them, see how they handle a man that pushes them
Yes, even FOX News called it a protest. Small group, mainly women (parents/teachers) w/ signs. One man was mouthy, & another (1/2)
Yea, downplay physical intimidation of a woman by two men bc you don't like her.
Saw the video multiple times. Disagree w/ yr interpretation. Have a good night.
Ok, then men intimidating a women by physically blocking her path is ok w you. I'd step in if I ever saw a man doing that. G nite
No, it's absolutely shameful unqualified Betsy DeVos is Sec of Ed! No to Pudzer! No! No! No! 
it's shameful that they exercise their rights? I think it's more shameful that you voted for her
It's shameful that virtually no one in your party wants to launch an investigation into the administration's Putin ties.
They were teachers. Not activists.
Not guarenteed to be liberal. I know dozens of conservative people, including educators and students, who oppose her.
Found one right here...
You would block her from entering a school? @theJackVaughan
Of course I wouldn't...
It is absolutely shameful that a GOP Majority Leader would block a senior Senator from speaking on the Senate Floor.
Do u think a Senator should lead a protest in an airport? Warren lied when she said Trump's temp. ban was due to religious reasons.
Shameful is Silence from the GOP over an out of control orange man Shameful is not listening to the people of . We pay u
I agree but on the list of things to be angry about this is about 896th. This President is a disaster. And you know it.
no its not. It's good ole American protest. I didn't see anyone carrying her to her car. She did that on her own.
You can either be part of the solution or part of the problem.  Please amend your language and lead, Senator Graham.
Where was your outrage w/fear mongering and violence during Trump campaign? This liberal not happy w/ lack of leadership
It isn't as shameful as her plan to destroy our public schools. People will be watching her VERY closely.
Devos is no more a Sec. of Ed. than Trump is a President. Unqualified, inexperienced and totally incompetent. Can't u see?
How is your outrage helpful in the climate of fear that permeates our country presently?
we're trying to get her to visit Laing Middle in Mt P; No1 in nation; contacted YOUR office as well.
I'm starting to think it is time for everyone in DC to start acting like grown ups of the 21st Century
It is absolutely shameful that the Secretary of Education is attempting to dismantle public education.
It's absolutely shameful that you and @SenatorTimScott  voted in favor of such a despised and unqualified candidate.
it's just as shameful that your party voted for her due to money and not qualification
It is absolutely shameful that you would vote Yes for such an unqualified Sec. of Ed.  Meanwhile, Trump + Russia = Treason!
It is absolutely shameful that a US Senator would ignore his constituents & support unqualified candidates like Betsy DeVos
How are labels helpful in this climate of division?  Liberal and conservative should not be bad words.
you mean she has never been inside a public school?what a winner.
Agreed! But,speaking of blocking, did u also say Tea Party shenanigans and Rs barring SC door 2 M Garland were shameful?
so what does that make a senator who voted to confirm her?
tackle this with as much venom as you have for our POTUS
you should be ashamed of selling that position to her. Not the people standing up for our kids educations.
not more shameful than she is.
or transgenders from using a bathroom.
Careful Lindsey you don't want to piss anyone off right now. #Election2018 is near & even Repubs are looking to clean house
of course it is. Even more shameful is a secretary of education with absolutely no experience in education.
Let's talk about shameful...say, blocking a Supreme Court seat for a year? No shame in that? #becauseassholes
I'm stunned by the silence of GOP. When did "conservative" become code 4 "willing 2 accept treason if it means lower taxes"
how big was the check she wrote you?
It is absolutely shameful that a US Senator in the 21st century would sell his vote on a WH Cabinet pick.
#judgenotlestyebejudged
still not as shameful as voting for that wholly unqualified person to be the Secretary of Education.
Two men physically intimidating a woman is shameful. I'd step in, let's see how they handle another man that pushes back
I'm not condoning it, but saying the fact she was appointed is even more shameful.
Fair enough. But if I ever saw a man physically imposing on a woman I'd give him pushback. see how these guys handle that
thanks for being respectful.  I agree this isn't the best way to protest, but acknowledge that people feel typical protest failed.
Don't care, no excuse. A man can never physically impose on a woman. Protest yes. Abuse a woman. Nope. Have to deal w me then
Is it still illegal for teachers to video their classrooms in SC. Was when I wanted parents to see what was going on.
you and your cronies didn't listen to concerns.  I am shocked you represent me.
She doesn't belong in our schools. And Miller said today Trump will NOT be questioned. That OK with you?
She doesn't want to fund public schools - just use the kids as props in her PhotoOps.
how much did you charge her for your vote? #shameless
It's shameful that you voted in favor of DeVos.
As a Reb.teacher, I disagree.The shame was confirming someone who does not know basics of what teachers deal with daily.
what really stupid things will u do next to oppose My Pres?
she's never been in one before why start now.
Yet you compare this group to the #teaparty @LindseyGrahamSC ?  Dude....get a clue.
http://www.dailywire.com/news/13393/be-afraid-lefts-resistance-movement-exactly-orwell-john-nolte#.WKBjqG_6T8E.twitter …
Which leads me to believe he does not qualify as a "liberal protestor". So he needs to turn his "tolerance" card in.
I used to be a teacher. Today's education academia are progressive pseudo scientist. Our children need  to learn in truth.
We just need to study these "protesters" to see what Fake Education produces ...sophomoric anti-constitutional thugs.
US Education needs a complete overhaul. We need to reject the progressive education establishment's Fake Education.
it's absolutely shameful that you would vote to confim someone clearly unqualified. Party first, America second, kids last
what's shameful is you vote for completely unqualified people to lead federal agencies.
.@LindseyGrahamSC It's absolutely shameful a @SenateMajLdr would block @SenWarren from reading a letter in a confirmation hearing. #resist
@SweeneyABC. It's shameful that you think rebuking @senwarren was overdue.
what was she going to do there...make sure there where no bear attacks? Do you represent yourself or us?
Because she is not qualified to be the Secretary of the Mickey Mouse Club.  She will destroy both public and Christian Ed!
@SweeneyABC @ABC7News  more shameful than confirming an unqualified candidate to this position? Kthxbye.
If you believe this then u will recommend her going back with a military brigade by her side
DJT conflicts, lies, Russian ties, racism, fascism, dividing country. Bannon agenda frightening! It's not about losing now
US democracy is under attack. Bannon wants chaos and to destroy estab. Flynn, Russian ties, secret Putin ally. DJT dictator
- it's absolutely shameful that You voted for her to be our Secretary of Education. Shameful!!!
@SenateGOP @GOP u sell US sov to Putin, u undercut democ, u fail to check-balance, u get paid by DeVos & u talk of shame??
@GOP @SenateGOP abets a fake-potus traitor, abets his Const violations, abets cruel consp theorists, abets the KKK & Nazis
GOPers can't speak of shame. @GOP abets a traitor & Russian operatives, sells out US sov & supports EdSec w/ no expertise.
@SenateGOP @GOP have sunk to depths of shamelessness. DeVos knows nothing of sep of church/state, disab laws or public ed
u & @SenateGOP @GOP can't speak of shame. It's shameful to confirm an Ed Sec who has no knowledge of or exper in public ed.
She has no respect for public education.
And why was she in that fancy car- really she is so out of touch!
Betsy DeVos is a nightmare for our public schools , we all know it. Did she pay you off too?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Coming from a member of the most shameful & obstructionist Congress this countries ever seen, that's hilarious. #resist
I see them more as shameLESS profiteers.  It's sad
It's shameful you voted to make her Sec of Educ.
Goes to show you how much the people didn't want her to fill that position.
.@LindseyGrahamSC 
Did you think protesting Devos would end after the nomination? lol. 
She's STILL unqualified! 
#NoDevos
wake up!!!!! We, the people in SC are opposed to Trump and his fascist regime!
It is an absolute shame that a senator wouldn't block the Secretary of Education position from gal with no ed experience.
OOPS! Forgot she put $$$ in your campaign's pocket!
absolutely shameful tht u wld ignore your constituents&vote her in despite her lack of experience and basic knowledge.
@BetsyDeVos deserves dignity as well as respect brought. This "protestor" portrayed anarchist methods #UNITEDWESTAND charge
You should be ashamed for supporting someone so unqualified for this position.
ABSOLUTELY SHAMEFUL that YOU voted YES. Only 2 GOP acted honorably! YOU care more about who bankrolls your campaign!
a present for you, dear Senator @LindseyGrahamSC.
ok last one 
@SweeneyABC use your power and have that radical brought up on charges & placed on a watch list  #WeThePeople deserve order
Hi Lindsey—Voter in SC-2 here. Not paid agitator, just concerned citizen. We want an in-person town hall. @WatchYourRepsSC
None of us are paid, not robots, not crazy.
However, each one of us vote.
& we have long memories. I have a spreadsheet of all my calls logged. Can't claim you didn't hear from me.
You just said there would be a "VIOLENT" response from congress if @POTUS lifted Russian sanctions? You stoke the FLAMES!
GOP just pissed off most of America's parents and teachers. You'll learn your lesson in 2018.
agree. Just hard to accept that the GOP put ed. of my children in hands of unqualified quack who'd like to gut public ed.
whats shameful is the fact that she is in this position to begin with.
since when do donations mean more than a qualified candidate? THAT is shameful #paytoplay
Yes Lindsey, so shameful that Russia has influenced a US election & Flynn has been committing treason #fascism #Kleptocracy
nope. I'd say they didnt do enough. If only they could block the door to her office. She is a joke. U defending her is sad
Liberals weren't the only ones who opposed Betsy DeVos. So disappointed that you refused to listen to SC voters about her!
especially when it's the first time she's ever been in one!
the police should have escorted her in
It's absolutely shameful that a liberal like Lindsey Graham would try to undermine the President of the United States.
But perfectly fine that GOP senators would refuse to even countenance Obama candidate to SCOTUS bc Prez in his last year.
it looked staged to me. From her. She didn't even defend herself. How do you know they were liberals ?
I agree it wasn't proper but man, not one of you Senators listened to US and all the ppl who know she's not qualified
shameful that you voted @BetsyDeVos to gut the dept of edu. Good to see not everyone is bowing down to her bought appt
How do you know it is a liberal activist? Being concerned about education should matter to everyone. Voters no longer sheep
@SweeneyABC @ABC7News More shameful that police do nothing to prevent it.
I just wish YOU had blocked her when you had the chance!  Money talks, eh?
don't act like you care about Russia or education. you'll say or do anything for campaign contributions. Hope SC unseats u
Why didn't she try to engage them. She just turned and ran away like a coward.
I totally disagree
Hey Lindsey do something about it
you've been somewhat acting like a real leader lately, stop tweeting stupid stuff
it is indeed Sir. I support you and it's my hope that you will restore law and order to all areas in dire need! All the bes
@SweeneyABC @ABC7News it's shameful you would vote for her,sessions and price;I had hope you would stay strong
true but her 1st visit to a public school ever prob shouldnt be as secretary of education
Maybe she should have visited one before she was named Sec of Ed. U voted for her. U bought her.
what is shameful is the complete lack of honest review of the qualifications of this candidate by the Republicans.
wrong senator. The shame is that you would vote for a person to influence our children who is unqualified. #senatorforsale
oh Lindsey. It's more shameful that the Secretary of Ed doesn't know she has to buy her own damn pencils.
@SweeneyABC @ABC7News you just do not understand how her confirmation was a slap in the face of the majority of Americans
I agree. It is also shameful that you voted to confirm her. Em-registered SC voter #you'redoneinSC
It was in poor taste but GOP/DEMs thought she was unqualified & we were ignored. We R going to lose supporters @ this rate
You must love talking, talking and more talking. No one cares what you think, except you and McCain.
The moderate actually agrees with you on that
Even though she should have NEVER been in the position in the first place
It's absolutely shameful that a man as smart & caring as you would approve her to be in charge of our children's education
True.  But teachers like me from SC had no interest in an unqualified sec of education, either.
so we rlly need to ask which was more shameful: a bunch of left wing protestors or a bunch of weak kneed votes
Absolutely shameful a reactionary senator would  make a colleague shut up and sit down.
@SweeneyABC @ABC7News yes Lindsey, those protestors would be better placed at your and Tim Scott's door
It's also Shameful,,,,"to hear U constantly chirping against the President" Just because he Beat U !
how do you know they're liberal?  Maybe they just love their children and want to protect them from harm.
should have put someone with credibility and qualified on the cabinet.  reap what you sow.
It is absolutely shameful that you'd vote to confirm a SOE that hates public schools.
actually no it's not. She wouldn't know what a public school looks like anyway. #soldusout #nodevos
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why do you assume they were liberals? Plenty of republicans upset about your vote to confirm unqualified DeVos.
She's set to destroy public education. You gave #Devos power. The people have to try and take it back in any way they can
shame is when Rs appointed someone so unqualified just because you get money for reelection from her and family
It's just as shameful that you voted someone so ignorant to SecEd. Shows what $$ can buy, eh?
it's time to realize your role in representing all people and not just for your party. Bigger ethical issues at stake.
she is a disgrace to the office & what is shameful is your mendacity and passivity in service of strategic trifles. Coward!
@SweeneyABC its absolutely shameful that shes the secretary of education.
What is shameful is the fact she purchased her position from you.
What goes around comes around. Reap the whirlwind.
What's shameful is that you people don't listen to the public and that you basically take bribes for public office
You and the @GOP know Betsy DeVos paid for her position. The people won't forget
It is who they are!!!
probably first time she has ever been to a Public School
Flynn espionage vs. United States inside WH, LindseyGrahamSC ?
No Republican speaks.
Shameful. One could say.
You know this woman is wholly unqualified for this job & purchased it w/ her donations to guys like you. Get real!
how did such an incompetent person become Sec of Ed? Oh you voted for her!
you think outraged protesters are a disgrace? guess who's next?
More shameful that you voted to confirm her as Secretary of Education?
no its not.. this lady hasn't a clue, educators do.. They had retired teachers there also..
@SweeneyABC @ABC7News it's shameful that you were bought
It would be foolish to think all who disagree with this are "liberal activists" #votedforyou #neveragain
They made their protest, as is their right. She found another entrance. The constitution worked beautifully once again.
Shameful?  Do you really think that is a STRONG enough word or even the proper word?  Beyond shameful -
I love this video. She got in anyway.  And don't be so derogatory towards a liberal activist. We're coming your way soon!
Not as shameful as confirming someone so unqualified because she donated lots of $$$$ to the GOP.  We can play this all day
it's absolutely shameful you stood behind her nomination. Where's the backbone we so desperately need to stop this madness
What's shameful is she's the Sec of Ed! We all know this was about $$$ & not kids. Make better decisions or expect protests
If I wasn't qualified for my job and had an interview like hers, I wouldn'the be employed.
How do you know they're liberals? If you ever listened then you'd realize repubs don't like her either!
- You are ALL fair game.  Being involved in Trump's mistakes only adds a giant spotlight to your already infamous life.
it is absolutely shameful to have approved an unqualified person. Protest is patriotism.
Many people are not happy about her choice. We have the right to protest. It's not going to stop.
