I'm not a republican, but I really like your honesty.
we also need a response from you on judge's that keep over ruling the travel bans
please ... I think you may be the only one with sense!!! How can you let our country go backwards!! Be our moral compass!
So, you have your response. Now what do you intend to do?
Put up or shut up / be an American or collude like Ryan. #UNFIT
You all need to get Trump under control. What an embarrassment to the world! His brain needs wiretapped and medicated!
you are a sellout fraud and we all know it!! You are the reason Term Limits are needed
No time to waste. Putin's US Kleptocracy will start war w N Korea to distract from Russia. Tillerson: "imminent threat."
We certainly DO. Get tax returns while you're at it, please! He polls at 37% because we all know he lies.
Gen McInerney: Clapper & Brennan used Super Computer #TheHammer to spy on @realDonaldTrump! http://www.davejanda.com/audio/GeneralTomMcInerney031917.mp3 …
Agreed
either djt will tweet something nuts or putin will do something nuts to distract attention, if you are on the right track
more to the point, what the American public REALLY wants is to know is what's with @realDonaldTrump's people and Russia?
Yes! Thank you senator!
Thank you for fighting for truth and answers! You're an honorable man!
Only the harshest penalties vs. Pres.Trump for placing Former Pres. Obama in harms way. TWEET Equiv to a radio address
This, I like. Pedal to the metal, distinguished gentleman.
You got your public response Now what will DT's consequences be for falsely accusing Pres.Obama of felony w/ zero evidence
Keep on it Senator Graham. Americans do want finality on this. Thank you. #trumptower #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
GOP is making itself look SO BAD that you'll ALL have 37% Gallup numbers if you don't stand against him.
Of course! This subject will linger as long as surveillance is unaccountable to oversight.
Why does Trump keep spreading lies?
I can only imagine your thoughts on the whole GCHQ mess. Horrifying.
And we demand some consequences for the President.. he needs consequences or he wont stop, he wont even apologize..
Good subcommittee meeting Wednesday, lt helps me understand. It's time POTUS taxes are looked at, make sure all ok.

@realDonaldTrump @potus, @whitehouse For the Love Of God. Plz Stop this Lying Hateful Greedy Traitor from destroyin America
@NetworkJunkyz I disagree with you on everything, but I've never doubted your patriotism or sincerity. An example why.
@NetworkJunkyz
Keep investigating and going for the truth.
Sir, how Republicans are not hiding in shame at the monstrosity in the Oval Office embarrassing this nation on a global scale is beyond me.
<3 <3 Country first. Hmm, sounds familiar? #confusedliberal
How freaking long is this playhouse going to shame America before people able to do something will react?
as a mental health professional I have to tell you that your party has a big problem on its hands.
@bulldoghill What we need is some proof to get rid of this guy before he starts WWIII. We are counting on you sir!
@NetworkJunkyz We need to consider the possibility that DT's mental instability includes trying to destroy the USA.
The president is "clearly" delusional, would you please find a way to help out the American people (not a joke)!!
I would't worry about it, just ask @FoxNews what ever you need to know!!!
How do we know which Republicans are NOT Russian sympathizers? Why was the GOP Convention plank changed to favor RUSSIA ?
Thanks for having integrity and putting country before party. Or maybe you're trying to save your party. Whatever. Thanks.
it is entirely not fair the millions we are paying for the activities of that selfish family! If he cared he'd stop it!
Yes! Please make this happen! The Trumps are causing tax payers a ton in his FLA trips, Eric's sales trip guards & t.Towers
We need to make sure a failing President doesn't send us into war!
Today, the President of the United States doubled down on this lie.  When do we censure a liar?  Liberty is crying here
The transfer of power is a hall mark of our democracy.  It's why we have peace.  Do your job and preserve our union.
No President should ever THINK about lying like this again in the Oval Office.  It's civil war stuff.
Crafting a narrative where our intelligence agencies are suspect to cover one's actions with a foreign power...
blaming a President, whom despite billions of dollars of investigative journalism..uncovered a really nice family man.
A man who graciously welcomed a man who called him not american..into the white house.  A racist.  He welcomed him.
This cannot stand.
What the hell was that train-wreak today Senator? I watched ur specialists talk about Russia. What stuck out: #Transparency
Talk to your boy. He's in charge over there, supposedly.
Please save our country, get these criminals out of our government!
don't hold your breath on this one...I think we are all out of luck...
It's time to remove President Trump from office. He is putting our country and our allies at risk. I beg of you.
@Chewwie7 while you're waiting on this, start impeachment process. Trump is unfit to lead and you know it. We all do.
you know he wasn't wiretapped quit wasting time and investigate #Trumprussia ties
they're trying to find a way to get chump out of this trying to come up with some lie that's what's taking so long
you know there is nothing there. I assume you are proving him wrong. Please shut him up. He is a public embarrassment.
stand up for once and call trump what he really is...A LIAR!
@puppymnkey and from the YMCA, the BoyScouts, ...... how many ppl have to call it BS before Spicey admits its BS?
IT'S ABSOLUTELY "CONTINUING TO LINGER" MR GRAHAM, CONCERNED PATRIOTIC CITZNS R GOING TO KEEP THIS FRONT/CENTER
please stay on this till the truth is outed! This is our AMERICA, not russia!
What we need is truth about whether or not there was collusion with Russia .. that is what we need.
You are a hero.  Thank you for giving me hope amidst all of this darkness.  We need more like you.
Thank you for putting country over party Mr. Graham. We need more in the GOP like you!
carolinalisa Who are your ShadowBosses, Mr. Grahamnesty? Do tell. Only 6 of your top 100 donors live in SC. #tcot
it doesn't seem to matter what any of the same in the presidents world. Very frightening
It would be better if they would answer "was Trump Tower surveilled or not" they might not know who requested it
..I can't wait to vote against you!
TRUMP WALL-INSANE! TRUMP VIOLATED HIS OATH-A DISGRACE TO GOP PARTY! AN EMBARRASSMENT 2 THE PRESIDENCY!! HE WILL DESTROY US!
Trump says he has info but doesn't want to share it yet; isn't that withholding evidence? subpoena him and make him produce
@postandcourier How about go ahead & call for IMPEACHMENT for gross misconduct? They can present evidence at hearing.
-I can't believe I'm saying this - PENCE NOW!
wow I think both need to go! Pences bio is not pretty either
There are more shoes to drop.
President lied. What will Congess do? He is a disgrace to our country.
@CarriWeatherwax @POTUS lied! @realDonaldTrump is a liar
yes! The public wants to hear the truth!
#trumprussia #russiagate #TheResistance #trumpleaks 
https://twitter.com/funder/status/842493842234507265 …
@SenJohnMcCain PLEASE rescue the country, hurry up don't wait
thank you, Sir and I respect you for defending America
@CassieJHill good thing there are a few Republicans like you that put Country before the Party
PLEASE SIR, FOR THE SAKE OF US AMERICAN PEOPLE, YO ALL NEED TO GET HIM OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE ASAP! WHAT IS THE HOLD  UP??
@hopesprings46 Can Comey be trusted?  If someone doesn't stop the Republican Party now, America is in serious trouble.
Yes! Don't stop.
well it's uo to you .
@bannerite they do get info from IC. Eat your meals-on-wheels and shut up.
please don't let trump cut the state dept
they don't want to purger themselves. Avoiding the truth
keep up the good fight, representing all Americans! From a life long democrat
Thank you. I admire your tenacity and demand for facts on this most important issue. Grateful to you.
How many years would we have to wait for #45 to respond? Or, maybe decades in this case?
Senator Graham, it's time for the legislature to do something about so-called prez Trump. He has no credibility, at all!!!
Absolutely!
You, sir are a true patriot.  Let's get to the bottom of this and expect that our leaders don't lie to us.
the public response should start where this started. #POTUS
Will there be ANY consequences for the Pres. for what appears to be yet another fabrication?  Seems serious for USA.
there is no doubt trump is a nut. I feel better knowing you are there.for us.
thank u 4 what ur are doing for Americans. You are out voice.
Don't give up.  You are hope for so many people.
Thank you for your persistence!  Keep at it!
With Trump We don't believe nothing the WH says anymore. We know when he or any1 who he hired says anything it's a Lie.
thank you!
DON'T GIVE UP! America is counting on you!
in an era defined by public servants making contemptible asses of themselves, you can pride yourself in standing out.
@SarahTheNasty THANK YOU  for doing the right thing for our country. My respect grows for you daily. Thank you Sir!
Why won't anyone just say "he's a liar"? It's a fact. A real one.
Agreed. Will save tax payer money too! Will Trump keep Congress chasing lies the next 4yrs?
Are you referring to the Clinton Foundation, meeting between Clinton and Lynch or Bengasi??  Just curious!!
They r trying not to say what is obvious to all. We elected a pathological liar who is unfit to serve.
stay on them
Please continue with your investigation of Trump's Campaign ties to Russia- and as president. #ImpeachTrump
@LisaLimonTx  Ask Sean Hannity.
Esp. get him before he destroys the reputation of our Intelligence Agencies worldwide. Get him.
Another Trump trick out of the conman's playbook. Expose the lie. Get him.
our gov has it under control. That is no longer true.
Years of trust & Trump destroyed in 2 months. We used to believe we didn't have to get involved in politics bc
hold trump accountable for the claim he made. Make him prove it.  Why should anyone else have to prove this clowns claims?
yep
Maybe you should detail the lack of compliance consequences
NO Graham...what we need is for people like you and McCain to shut the hell up and go away you are not part of the solution
WHY ru holding up the confirmation of the deputy AG..WHY????
...and we still need a special prosecutor to look into Russian hacking of the election and any potential collusion w/ Trump
Wonderfully stated.  We the people need an unbiased answer to the questions you posed by the FBI and DOJ.
sir we need to add Russia to the travel pause since they have declared war on US we need to get the bad comrades out of US
yes we do! Thank you, sir.
-Thank you. 100% agree this is necessary.
Lindsey, if you can't read, no one can help you. Just resign! BTW, 5500 pings of a computer isn't collusion
If the 9th Circuit ruling is allowed to stand, every "campaign" word could be used as a judicial coup against 2 branches.
If it's criminal inv they can confirm or deny. IF it's Nat Sec they cannot. So, must be an ongoing Nat Sec investigation.
thank u
Thank you Sen. Graham!  This is integrity and patriotism!
Thank you. It has become very clear from today's Press Confer. that the President will not retract his claim until the DOJ makes a statement
Please bird dog this and do the right thing for our country. This guy is embarrassing and the reason I could not vote republican. 2018?
@BroMark13 how long are you going to let this go on? Country before party!
I think I need to unfollow you...you keep my blood pressure too high
Did you try calling?
Is there a mental compentancy test a President has to pass?  He has list sense of truth & reality

So you saw that shitshow of a daily briefing from @PressSec?
glad to know there are politicians with a conscience still demanding answers.  Thank you!
don't give up.
@Uberficker Lock Trump up!
Sen read the stmnt again...why does it use the phrase 'Trump Tower 'not the 'SUBJECT of surveillance..'
I agree. Also let's not forgot all the other investigations that need.to be done too.
Dude, maybe they're doing their best to save our country and prevent a civil war. Can't you cut them some slack until at least Monday?
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Graham! You continue doing the right thing. Seeking public verification of the truth is indeed warranted.
Don't you think Trump just made that up?  It clearly looks like that to sane people.
That's why he wants FBI to publicly say it. Doesn't want the Distractor in Chief to claim otherwise later.
THANK YOU!
ILLEGAL NUCLEAR ISRAELI SPY NETWORK VERINT/COMVERSE/NARUS STA6400.NO WARRANTS/IMMUNITY BY CONGESS TREASON TO A FORIEGN OCCU
There are still too many unanswered questions.
we must see his TAXES! This russian MALARKEY is alarming!
Thank you, sir.
thank you. We still need to impeach trump! Everyday we are watching the deterioration of the country & humanity.
how about a statement from the f'ing President. Enough already!
get to work for the state that elected you. Leave the President alone. Tick Tock
.@LindseyGrahamSC True! No matter what Trump is saying now, he accused President Obama of tapping his phones;
You & we MUST see his tax returns. Bet there's lot of answrs there. We need a new president. Hate to feel like this, but...
@daretothink53 @LindseyGrahamSC - need a REAL president not a nutcase installed by Putin who's probably regretting his choice!
anyone who thinks trump was installed  by Putin is a nut case
the truth is the light that overcomes the darkness.
why don't you do some work for the state of SC for a change?  Seen where we rank in education? Shame on you!
