Glad you agree!  So, what are you doing about it.  Stop talking about Obama "failure".  You're in power.  What are YOU and the GOP doing?
So f'ing sad that the GOP is about revenge and politics.  What do you CARE about?
You'll have to do better than the house bill. FIX the issues, don't screw the users.
Oh!  Glad you are both smiling
Why does that make you smile?
I'm losing respect for you.  Seems you have that Cheeto dust on your lips
Talking to an insurance company exec instead of making them accountable?! Deplorable! Hands off my ACA! 
Drain the Swamp--- means both of you...
GOP governor rejected funding to expand medicaid which crippled marketplace. Fix ACA, but letting it (and us) die of neglect is wrong.
Did you also enjoy voting to take healthcare away from those who need it ? I'm certain that you did #vile
The ACA you all are jamming through is not the answer. Americans deserve better! Take the time to do it right!
Please next meet with people who suffer from chronic health conditions. The GOP plan will have a terrible effect on their lives.
Is the answer to take the insurance and protections of millions of people? You cannot say you are a Christian and support the GOP bill
how about you now meet with healthcare providers & patients? Equal access.
Exactly! DC only meets w Ins big Pharma lobbyists!
and you both look SO happy about those who will suffer
Meet with DRs. Not Ins Big Pharma lobbyists! We don't like GOP House bill! Lobbyist bill. Innovate- Direct care. No socialized medicine.
Demonstrata

Worldwide systems that work are single payer universal government ACA collapsing due to private insurers cannot do job..
That's what happens when you DONT FUND IT
V.E.T.O. - Vote Every one of Them Out
We're you one of THE 50,that dumped state run retirement plans wouldn't it help small businesses?OK U want state high risk insurance pools
HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE 17 @GOP STATES REFUSING TO IMPLEMENT THE #ACA?
U find this humorous?  Are YOU going to end up w no medical help?  Bet not.
You both talk BS
Implosion caused by you and your buddies. Repeal AFTER you have a plan to replace.  Not before.  You're making it easy to vote Democrat.
Fix it !
Only because you want it to.
Only because Repubs worked tirelessly to destroy it.  7 years later you still can't formulate a coherent plan.
Oh right.
Imagine being a patient w/ a serious illness relying on Obamacare while GOP hammers on you ad nauseam how they will take it away.
Don't have to imagine—am living it. Guess what, Lindsey? IT'S DRAINING. GOPers who vote repeal litrally have blood on their hands.
Obamacare is strong in CA.  You're a bunch of old white men needing to retire.
And you're smiling like the evil villain you are. You want people to die. You want an excuse to vote for #Dumpcare aka tax breaks for rich!
False - the ACA is stable. Wanna fix health care for real? Single payer medicare for all. Every other first world country has solved this.

We're counting on YOU. Help your state and fix what's wrong.
How about you meet with parents of babies in NICU, or people suffering from cancer? Then your conscience can implode.
Implode? Why hasn't the House simply fixed the issues B4 something bad happen? Pls save taxpayer $ & fix ACA. NO R/R.
Aaaannndd you're smiling... cuz after all you're exempt.
Setting it up to fail. Fall out will be on your shoulders
I keep hearing doom and gloom yet no one has said what was wrong.  #fixit #keeptheaca
Real people with real problems give you pause to smile?  When will our election officials understand that health insurance is a human right!
Bologna...stop it mr graham. This is about human rights not a good ole boy talk. Do you or not care about south carolinan's or not. Why?
What are you doing to help prevent that?
Only if you make it implode Lindsey. You can save it or you can ruin it. You know that. Don't lie to your constituents.
What will trumpcare do?
And that makes you happy you guys sandbagged it to tank it
Well of course it will if the Insurance Companies & Republicans conspire to make it happen! Tell the Republicans to drop the Lawsuits!
Thanks by passing the health care bill you took away my insurance so that doesn't help me
Nothing to smile about Senator Graham, how much do you get paid to watch healthcare implode? Washington needs people like Charlie Dent!
How can you sit and smile while people are scared about losing coverage for their kids. Heartless
I wonder how much this guy earns?   How about those insurance company CEOs?  Try to deal with the real issue, Senator.  Thx.
Keep smiling. Those that laugh last laugh best. Don't think that will be you.
Sir, you're so full of shite, your eyes should be brown.
If you truly cared about your constituents, why would that be a great meeting?
Perhaps you should work to fix it rather than applauding and laying there like a slug as your constituents get hurt?
The question is what actions are you Republicans taking to make it fail for political gain?
Because your party is letting it. 20+million are depending on you to not be a corporate suck up.
And this is on the GOP. Purposely causing people to lose their care by not including subsidies in the budget. You should be ashamed.
You still don't get it. It is the greed of the insurance companies. Only developed country without Universal Healthcare.
Wayne, He Gets it! He's been conspiring with the Insurance Companies all along rather than protecting his constituents! Millionaires  Care?
Affordable Care Act or Trumpcare?
#medicare4all
Haley refused Medicaid funding, the GOP sabotaged subsidies - and now you want to strip us of healthcare protections.
GOP controls all 3 branches of govt and STILL can't pass effective health care. Failed leadership...bigly.
This post is pretty repugnant. Even for you.
Why do you look so happy about this?!?!
PEOPLE'S  LIVES  ARE AT  STAKE 

@IndivisibleTeam https://twitter.com/lindseygrahamsc/status/859814945122332676 …
Then fix it!!! Don't replace it.
Could that be because you're intentionally tanking it?
Imagine if SC had signed on to Medicaid expansion.......would you still be claiming the sky is falling?
You lie almost as well as @SpeakerRyan. People want Obamacare and it could be easily fixed, but you and @GOP are too juvenile to do it right
But instead of working to fix it, you settle on a plan that puts those w/ pre existing conditions in hell. What happens after 5 yrs? Shame!
Except for .@POTUS "growing into the presidency" (never), Obamacare's purported implosion (really?) is the slowest phenomenon ever predicted
Then give us something that works or stop criticizing Obama care
How is talking about the implosion of the first serious effort to reform health care in 50 years a "great meeting?"
Pls don't push pre-existing conditions & Medicaid under the bus of POTUS'S mean spirited promises.  SC is better than that.  ACA.
Then just fix it !!!  No need to repeal !!! Just fix it !!!
@LindseyGrahamSC - ur full of T's golden shit. Is it b/c ur one of @GOP ?  Especially Freedom Caucus.  Gonnna destroy it w/ #Resistance arms
Exactly when will it implode. Give us the reasons why, then you can fix it because it matters to citizens or should I say your bosses.
Perhaps when the CEO's of insurance companies stop making six figure incomes, your argument for implosion would be more convincing.
So you just day ok to DT plan? Do we have protection for pre existing conditions?? Don't vote partisan, vote constituency!!
You seem downright giddy about that. What r your ideas 4 improvement? Have you met w any patient advocates?  #thepartyofno #Obamacare
Then fix it!!!!!
When State and Federal Republicans knock the legs out from under the program and threaten to cut funding, it implodes!  It's working in CA.
And what have you done to help?

Not true.  Listen to the people. They. Do. Not. Want. This. #partyovercountry
swamp monsters
It's a damn good one (57 Gold Tier ACA choices). 74% govt subsidy on premiums. Free care in-house & on any mil base
If you think that's such a good thing, than you care way more about politics than people.
Taking healthcare away from SC citizens is NOT the answer.
Well take away your insurance and what will you do when you choke on the. Party line
Hey Senator-will YOU sign on for new plan? Forego plan taxpayers provide to you? Pre-existing conditions and all? C'mon now. Step up. Coward
Only because your governor didn't expand Medicaid.
You'd love that wouldn't you! Sick!
Can you tell us when SC "opted out" how many working ppl in SC ended up with 0 help w/HC instead of the low priced HC avail in other states
You are showing a staggering disrespect to the American people and it will not be forgotten
Because States like SC actively worked against #ACA from the beginning, and continues to do so to the detriment of its people. #Shameful
That's really funny!  Imagine that being able to see jacka$$ sitting on the same couch and both talking out of their a$$. Go GOP
You just want to help insurance companies rip people off again we were protected .you are the Nazi party killing off the disabled and elderl
well duh.  Haley refused to expand Medicaid.  Do you really think we're that stupid?
Hopefully the GOP has a plan
oh Lindsey. Don't your voters deserve more than this tripe you're pushing?
since Director Farmer is a major reason SC private insurance market might implode, he should know.  Pre-existing conditions are in danger.
Mr. Graham, I think you need to take a closer look at the insurance companies' stories.
so why are you smiling? #tonedeaf
You make me ashamed to admit I was raised in the Palmetto state. Take your #strom legacy and shove it. Oh, and this, too
This card is from @DavidSedaris !!! Yes!

You and the rest of the GOP are making it implode. Americans won't forget-ever.
You're a schmuck.
And for no other reason than your decision to support insurance companies over the people. Ppl remember.
Your party controls everything.  Cant replace it, won't fix it. Your party and president are just incompetent. Senator.
so why are your GOP colleagues and the president actively trying to make it happen rather than working on a solution?
How much money do folks like Ray Farmer stand to make when the @GOP backs insurance companies? Patients be damned, all about profits!
You have no credibility on this issue.
No.  #keepACA
Open state markets to all companies. State never supported or worked with the ACA. Trump care 2.0 will kill my son with diabetes
Do you care at all about Americans?
No. He does not. He cares about Lindsey.
If they cared about us Americans none of this would be happening!
Collusion much?
Southerners. I've heard you my whole life. The Civil War is over. YOU LOST.
Rates will skyrocket once there are no restrictions on insurance companies. Pure republican move to benefit the wealthy repub contributors.
OMG! Do you ever stop.Real studies show it is not imploding. Getting stronger.So fix itYou just can't stand anything from a black president.
U sit with an insurance "fat cat" and smile over people losing access to healthcare! Wow I think u might be more like Trump than I thought!
You're pretty happy about kicking millions off of affordable insurance. Sicko
Maybe he should do a better job in his position.  As a business owner, I look for solutions to how things are, not pay off politicians #sad
IF it implodes in SC, it is because the GOP lit the fuse and refused buckets of water to put it out. #TRUMPCARE is already a dumpster fire
Don't worry, the 2nd amendment is available for anyone who can't afford trumpcare.
Then allow Medicaid expansion and create some great exchanges!  See California for help...
Nah, he'd rather watch his constituents suffer. Ahhhhh!!!!!!

Hey Congress, here is Donald Trump Jr, one month before elections, meeting with pro-Putin, pro-Assad Syrian leader Randa Kassis in Paris 
Corrupt/complicit GOP working hard to ensure Obamacare will implode. What a shame you don't work half as hard on behalf of your constituents
Sen. Graham, I think you are lying and am ashamed of you.
As aresident emigrant from PA SC has a lot of problems caused by insurance companies NOT the ACA
Why we don't trust the GOP . When Grassley attacks the FBI and no questions about trump Russia  @SenBobCorker says no sanctions on Russia
It's disgusting how eager you all are for the ACA to fail, as though people won't die without healthcare. Truly disgusting, Mr. Graham.

The implosion of ACA is supported by R's & HHS. This could be readily fixed. Can't believe @LindseyGrahamSC is set to deny his ppl coverage
Well then fix it; and deal with the issues good affordable healthcare for all should be a given in our country--
Only if you gop or trump make. Why won't y'all tell the truth?! Is telling the truth hard for y'all bc it was done by a black man. Sad!
Why is it imploding? Who's finger is in the scale? 

Who is a good liar? Who is a good liar? You. Yes you are. Good #Trumprussia lapdog
a public option would be a solution.....how about it?
An "A" for meaningless ambiguity. Why not wait 'till you have something to say (or propose)?
We ALL know how much $ your buddy makes & gives to you. Your ONLY goal, like 45, is to line your pockets & stay in power.
Fix it don't destroy it!~
Aren't you supposed to be in the Comey meeting. All you guys do is talk about how you desperately need answers on unmaking & now you 1/2
aren't even there? Guess it's all just partisan political show
*unmasking
STOP this BS. When you aim 20 guns at something & are preparing to shoot, you can't claim that it's "set to implode."

Where have you gotten that belief? Is it because we refused to participate and Cong has failed to fund it?
You are toast in the next election and are a great disappointment all around.
The ahca is a terrible bill. We were promised you would reduce premiums, offer better coverage, and cover pre-existing conditions.
Also, that there would be no cuts to Medicaid/Medicare. The ahca is a big tax cut for the rich. Improve Aca.
It was a job killer I was in the boardroom when it came down low end jobs were to be all cut to part time which also decreased to 28 hours
Your personal experience was not the overall norm. However, we should probably avoid looking at the Aca as a job killer or creator.
Forbes did a pretty good piece on this. It's just too soon to tell if it did impact the jobs economy. We're in a time of labor increase.
It'd be foolish to claim the Aca did that, but equally foolish to claim it, overall, killed jobs. The bottom line is we were promised
Better healthcare for everyone at cheaper prices w/ no cuts to Medicaid/Medicare. I expect my GOP promise- so far, no delivery.
Better healthcare is not what we got it's a lie good experience is not the normal
