OMG! Did WaPo finally wise up and fire you, fake-journalist Cillizza?
Lindsey Graham aka Scarlet O'Hara.
Perhaps he is just rolling back.  He rolled over when Obama's pick was stolen.
@realDonaldTrump is like a bullet to the head-Graham.
He would have rolled over a year after his death, when Burr accidentally created the #filibuster - violating Federalist #22, written by Al.
Yeah, AHam would be pissed that one part of the chamber would change the rules to get their guy through.
Hamilton didn't roll Liberace Lindsey's way dude!
Seriously?  Can you say #MerrickGarland ?
He's just rolling up right he rolled over when Republicans refused to give Merrick Garland a hearing or vote Trump under invest. Chg Nominee
Don't you know Hamilton was a Monarchist at heart?  Maybe you didn't! Hell, I thought you were educated.  You've sold out to the screwballs!
Poor Alex has been spinning for some time now. #hamilton
Wasn't Hamilton rolling over in his grave last year at republican treatment of Obama nominee. You have a short memory Graham
cmon Lindsay!
Lindsey has the vapors...get him a fan and a sweet tea.
But Hamilton was fine with Garland not getting a hearing. What hypocrites
@LindseyGrahamSC Literally every single thing they're saying about Gorsuch is true of Garland.
Holy fucking shit. Really? I thought elephants never forget. Easy to forget horseshit obstructionism, I guess.
But his musical is a HUGE hit!
Do you have a Hamilton quote on McConnell/Garland? After all, as you know so well, both sides do it. Only Ds had meetings/hearings/votes.
Clearly you don't know shit about Hamilton. He would hate you.
Lindsey graham is a two faced sub human being. What is wrong with the carolina people who keep voting for this lying joker? Vote him out!!!
Which part of the play is that? Hamilton's grave is near Wall St. Family chose location for its proximity to subways.
And Hamilton would've felt differently about what the GOP did to Garland? The rolling over just continues. GOP look in the mirror.
Madison, Jefferson and John Marshall have been spinning in theirs, since Scalia died. #NotOurProcess.
MERRICK GARLAND!!! #MerrickGarland #nogorsuch #weobject #changethenominee #dontchangetherules
@LindseyGraham Think he was laying still when republicans wouldn't even give Garland a hearing?
Nope that was last year when Republicans REFUSED to hold a vote on Garland!
I hope he explained that.
The hypocrisy of the @SenateGOP @SenMajLeader is amazing. They refused to do their job w/Garland & now whining like the babies they are
Has he even seen Hamilton? That doesn't even rhyme.
He's been rolling a lot, considering he hoped Electoral College would prevent someone like Trump from becoming president.
#Garland
If Hamilton's body is rolling over, it didn't start today.
@LindseyGrahamSC This is the type of Republican hypocrisy that ENRAGES me. Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell?
We can make lofty speeches & point fingers but until this is addressed our nation will struggle to be even a shadow of its former self /3
Why not this quote?
"...I'm not going to be a part of a Senate where Democrats can get their judges and a Republican can never get theirs."
Truly, the blatant hatred and DENIAL of that hatred for the previous President has created a caustic chasm in this country /2
No he's not. He's looking at you and the Republican party who created this situation. You have no credibility on this issue.
Sir, with respect, yes... rolling from the hypocrisy and self seeking intentions of those who refused to vote on a previous nominee.
Um, it started with both Reid and McConnell...
The histrionics from both sides are ridiculous. They're going to make a change. And they can get agree to change it back someday.
Yes,  nothing about the Trump presidency would have upset the founding fathers,  but a filibuster?! Now you've crossed a line!!
That happened when @SenMajLeader refused to give Merrick Garland a fair hearing. Also happened when EC voted for Trump #Federalist69
nah that happened when the senate refused to even consider, much less advise on, Merrick Garland.
This will be Trumps First Win in under 100 days a Conservative Justice 
Ronald  Reagan is rolling over in his grave when he sees Trump in the White House!
@LindseyGrahamSC not quite Hamilton didn't invent cloture rules
I guess that's two in a row. Remember that guy named Merrick Garland? We do!
Jefferson rolled over in his grave last year when Republicans refused even to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
short term memory issue here, forgotten the Reps action last year.
I'm guessing he was doing the same when Garland wouldn't even get a hearing. Cc: @LindseyGrahamSC
@LindseyGrahamSC
Hamilton rolled over in his grave Senator when your party said President Obama didn't have the right to nominate Judge Garland to the Court.
@LindseyGrahamSC Well then he's right side up again. He turned over when you wouldn't even consider Garland!! GOP 
No SCOTUS nominee for someone in his last hours as President! #ImpeachTrump
I thought Hamilton was rolling over on Broadway!!
Why?
Ummmm Hamilton been rolling since Trump became the #IllegitimatePresident
Oh, please, Lindsey. Hamilton's been rolling since GOP and McConnell blocked Merrick Garland. Hypocrites!
What did Hamilton do when R's wouldn't even give Garland a hearing? Republicans filibustered shamelessly for 8 years.
Really......Hamilton hated the filibuster in the senate. Didn't think small states should carry same weight as big states.
The change in Senate rules that made the filibuster possible occurred upon the recommendation of Vice-President Aaron Burr
Seriously? This from the man that refused to do his job as defined by the Constitution? Hypocrisy at its finest
Wait, so the Hamilton boycott is over?
Mr graham is sufficiently intelligent to understand that 6 years of Obstruction, regardless of reason, has consequences.
Ummmm, no, he's still dizzy from Merrick Garland.
Ha! Hamilton did his grave rolling when Republicans refused to hold hearings or vote on #MerrickGarland.
I would like to rollover on Hamilton--Lindsey Graham
Jokester!
@LindseyGrahamSC Democrats noted Gorsuch's legal judgment and reasoning in opposing him
As he was also rolling over when Garland couldn't get the time of day, much less a hearing - on the basis of a lame tenet.
Hamilton would not appreciate a foreign enemy attacking our electoral process, and he would not recognize this illegitimate nomination.
He was already rolled over when Garland was disrepected!  Maybe he will be upright after this 2nd roll over.
Two words: Merrick Garland. There is no Scalia seat  or a no SCOTUS appt. in election year clause  in the Constitution. @LindseyGrahamSC
WRONG. Hamilton would not have supported Gorsuch agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies that undermine our basic rights.
Because Merrick Garland did not get a vote. Full stop
AND Hamilton is rolling over that you are pushing to seat a nominee from a @POTUS that is under FEDERAL INVESTIGATION for possible TREASON
@LindseyGrahamSC That's rich. Look at who nominated Gorsuch before making that claim.
Does no journalist have the half wit to even mention Merrick Garland when a Republican says stupid shit like that?
Garland is rolling his eyes
"the democrats won't accept that president can choose the judge" so why didn't you let Obama choose the judge? HYPOCRYTE!!!
Completing the 360° roll that began with Garland
GOP effectively filibustered Merrick Garland by refusing to allow him to be heard.  Their hypocrisy is thoroughly disgusting.
What happened to Merrill Garland? What did repubs do there???
@LindseyGrahamSC  #MerrickGarland
And how did he feel about your treatment of Merrick Garland? Probably not so great.
Good! He's right side up again.
.@LindseyGrahamSC as are the other Founding fathers when they hear religious beliefs being forced into our government. #resist .@AP
Merrick Garland.
This same man blocked Merrick Garland for SCOTUS, before that a blanket filibuster of Obama nominees to DC Circuit.
"Hamilton is rolling over in his grave." -- Lindsey Graham on Democratic filibuster of Gorsuch
Please, tell me about Hamilton's resting position during Garland's nomination process....
Uh, I think he already rolled right outta his grave on Nov. 8th.
I'mma guess he wasn't quite at rest when they held off Garland.
