Why do you sound surprised? Trump's been committed to this since Day One!
Maybe he couldn't hear with the hat covering his ears.
Two Neanderthal, establishment, Republicans who act like Democrats. They need to leave.
was the $1,113,013 PER MINUTE we spent last year on #military not enough to rebuild?
proof.
we spent $585 billion on military last year and there are 525,600 minutes/year. Rest is just math.
Charlie I think "the rest is just corruption" he has downsized our military and supplies so badly.
Meanwhile SC schools are ranked DEAD LAST by US News&World Report. Way to take care of your constituents #WarMonger
an uneducated populace is how they fill the ranks. They used to call them canon fodder  in WW1
that's the fascistsocialist communist left's way!
why don't you piss off Russian Bot and take the American Traitors Trump et al with you?!
it is hussein obamaooche and clintons that suckled the russians goofball.
this is news to you?
So now you're ok with his ties to Russia?  Exactly who is he rebuilding our military for? Not Americans.
our military is less ready than 9/11/2001.
hussein spent the money bribing foreign countries, toppling leaders, illegal arms deals.
remember Hilliary lost 6 billion.  Wonder where she put it.  Hussein knows.
I don't know who keeps voting you in, but I hope they see your true self now and never vote for you again. #concernedsc.
no more bitching about the deficit
Iraq showed military strength can't defeat a determined enemy. Soft power does more for fewer $$$.
Rebuilding?  We already have the largest in the world.
Trump has likely made promises to Russia involving our military.  Do not be fooled!
What are we "rebuilding" a fucking death star?
There is no such animal as a "fucking Death Star".
What?
what was your post?
How are the SC schools doing? Not music to your constituents ears?
Lunch and speedy Trumpcare a delicious distraction I'm sure. Nuts for desserts?
Did Trump force you to eat meat loaf?
still 45* is batshit crazy!!!!
not
right, but who needs public education and healthcare.....you're a joke!
Obama didn't think we needed public education and working health care either
really?!?! Bc I'm an educator and I didn't fear for my students' well being until DeVos.  HR 610
funny most teachers around here are complaining none of their students speak English hard to teach
huh?!?? Are they also arguing that kids w/ disabilities have zero rights?
no!  Need state of the art special ed. Schools.
#voteoutgrahamnow
At the expense of cutting poor people's safety nets?  I don't think so!
Graham you are as transparent as glass pick a side and stay put      you speak with a forked tongue
#death and #destruction is music to your ears? #WMDS #MSNBC #CNN #treason #perjury #ACA #purgethepoor #DNC #RNC #war
I just vomited in my own mouth. You want more #war you'll overlook treason to get it #MSNBC #CNN #DNC #RNC #WMDS
He's been telling you that all along yet you don't stand with him on other issues.
military money always there Rep death party but not for health care. Rep value death of the poor
it would be music to our ears if you would be quit and do you work stop acting like a liberal nut
@GOP 
Don't appease #TraitorTrump 
History will not be kind to you. #russiagate #GrabEmByThePussy #Trumputin
we absolutely need a strong military now that he's president. He's bringing us to war. Our children will die. Thanks
Did he make you eat the meatloaf?
The only reason to vamp up the military is because they are planning a war. Money is better spent elsewhere
Good then quit fitting him n start a
Standing behind him.
with all due respect, what do we need for our military? We have enough planes, guns etc...
what about the US Coast Guard budget cuts? They keep our borders more secure than a wall!
That's one thing I agree with you about, but not this new substitute for Obamacare, another subsidy
You had better get committed to him and the silent majority that put him in office.
I was actually starting to have faith in you. Silly me.
I'm sure u are happy LG you want endless war to keep your buddies rich and us poor with never ending war on terror.
wow you finally get behind the president welcome aboard I'll stop stabbing him in the back!
Didn't realize you could be bought so cheaply...if I buy you lunch will you do your job and care about your country?
great, now please find out what the cabinet's and Trump family ties to Russia are
Got those military defense kickbacks all counted, huh Lyndsey.
We already spend more than several other nations combined.  People not weapons should be priority.

I wouldn't turn my back on you...slithering snake
you had 7 years, what the hell did you do with them? NOTHING. #TermLimits #rino Do something constructive next 4 yrs
@POTUSWhen the country GDP hits 3 or 4% range all the negativity will be forgotten.Strength is the best detour ant to war.
WtP are watching you and your girlfriend, McCain
You need to sing a new song, praising POTUS Trump, instead of tearing him down, when not sitting across from him!
"Rebuilding"? Where did it go?
Firing Squad should b next 4 u. Disgraceful is ur constant contempt, undermining of our POTUS.  U were silent 8 yrs. #MAGA
but we are not going to war we will negotiate through STRENGTH seeking PEACE no more wealth for you mr GrayHam @POTUS 11
We don;t care about your ears, Lindsey. Tell us, who's blackmailing you? You're not working. We're watching you!
He needs to Because when he is done everyone will be coming for us.
Are you blind to trumps mania? Maybe you are also. 2018, new election, all republicans will be losing their offices.
don't count on him being SNL's TBD...
You fell for the "shiny thing" he tangled in front you. That build up is at expense of civilian budget. THINK!!!
Don't drink thal Kool-Aid Senator! Watch actions, not words. @POTUS = Snake-oil salesman (sorry 2 say)
Typical politician.
supporting troops is one thing. More $ on stuff like nukes while not caring for our own is STUPID.
for more pointless wars. Why not eliminate the military instead.
our military or Russia's?
I'm honestly thinking he should be. Committed. Just because he had a clear moment doesn't mean he's ok.
Are those tweeets music to your ears...lots of sour notes
What about those weekend tweets?
Our military is larger than the next largest EIGHT countries combined.  Is Trump taking us to war to DEFLECT??
Honest question: How does increasing military spending significantly align with Republican ideal of smaller govt?
@LoveuLynn @POTUS Mr Graham, sadly you are part of the establishmt. Wish we could trust you. Please support the Pres fully!
we don't need more spending on military, there's plenty. They say they spend more than they do so no budget cuts.
go over spending and find where it's being wasted or spent just to spend budget. Do this with everything! No waste.
not to the American people. We spend too much $$ on our military. Spend it on our schools and vets perhaps?
Russia, tho?
@MaryCaitlinByrd @POTUS He told you what you wanted to hear.
What about Russia? Did you talk about Russia?  Will our fancy new military be used to benefit Russia?
Plus why would you trade your reputation as a patriot for lunch?
Even with the reports of billions of waste? Isn't that like a military welfare program?
rebuild our roads maybe?
INVESTIGATE RUSSIA TIES ! INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION ! #TRUMPGATE#REMEMBERNIXON
what happened to you?????????????
Oh, Sen. Graham, you KNOW he is 50 Shades of Orange Cray *and* a traitor. Why pretend? Just get him out of office.
Does that include positive solutions 2 eliminate PTSD & prevent all suicides as a target?  Waiting to share with you
bull shit.
@tjthumbs @POTUS that's a first. Graham talks out both sides his mouth. Needs be be gone
get with the program goober.
be very careful sir! Trump is NOT a man of his word. Zero integrity, ethics or morales. Proceed with extreme caution
our military is in shambles? Our military sucks?  Damn, don't tell Mattis.  He'll be MAD.
one day we trust, now we don't again.  You are throwing our country  away and you know it!
how much more do we need to spend? When does it stop?
are his plans to gut the environment music to your ears as well?  Make the environment great again!
make up your mind. Is he a loon or a legit POTUS? Time to go all in not cherry pick the one sane morsel he throws.
check in with new ear doctor. POTUS is apparently crazier than a bedbug. #stepawayfromorangedude
what r u going to do about N Korea?
We don't CARE about your freaking lunch. WE WANT TAX RETURNS AND ANSWERS. WE WANT THE TRUTH.
did you ask about his weekend accusations?   Or did you just ignore it?  @GOP SUCKS
. So glad to hear this. We all have to unite to support each other and repair the damages BO left us.
As long as we don't blow up the budget.  Attacking waste in the military would also help.
Perhaps trump should stop taking $3million vacations every weekend! Where are the fiscal conservatives??? *crickets*
WRONG -works, owns home, gives CIA free room $ board.  Pays own gas in plane.  You're uninformed.
rebuilding a military he dodged 5 times. I'd put you, trump, assange and Alex Jones as boots on the ground in Syria
Trump went to west point. Have you served in any part of are military?
we spend MORE than the next 7 countries combined. How about looking after #veterans instead. #deluded
Yes, you are known as a war monger. That is no surprise.
Senator Graham our military already eats up 60% of the budget.  Healthcare and infrastructure are  to my ears.
Love that white collar welfare..
End the freeze on hiring on the military bases. You are hurting the families and service members.
how about uniting the country he destroyed
@kachninja @POTUS How did that crow taste you were eating Lindsay ?

southern belle Blanche 'it's music to my ears'
how did Putin's dick taste?
by all means let's destroy the environment,  limit educational funds, defund the arts all for a bigger military
What have you been doing all these years???
@kachninja @POTUS It is nice to see some positivity! Our military deserves everything from us! God bless them 
they have literally BILLIONS of dollars.
Everyone needs to make an effort to work together, but you of all people should know to proceed with caution. @LindseyGrahamSC
, glad y'all are spending all this money on the military when your citizens are about to be without health care.
with or without Russia's help?
healthcare. Single payer to be specific. We will be "safe", but dying while ins companies get richer. You suck.
Lol...have you looked at the military budget lately?
@BarneyStellar @POTUS We already spend 57% of Federal Dollars on Military. 15 yrs of war and military related expenses.
let me guess... meatloaf ?
that's great and all but how can we move SC education out of the bottom rankings? Need smart kids for military
Where you going to cut on the domestic side to make up the difference?
You are nuts. We spend 500+ billion per year, and we need to "rebuild." Insanity. Crazier than our President.
rebuilding?  Where did it go? We spent 595.30 BILLION 2016, 15-589.60B. We are not in a war!
@Voix_Of_Reason @POTUS What did Obama have on you for bribery
Please Fully support President Trump. Reports have it you were bribed by Hillary Clinton to speak out against him

oh, love, SOUTH CAROLINA
no words.  You take abuse better than any man I have ever seen.  Most def a bottom!!
have any recent problems been caused by not enough military force?Why do we need more? Maybe clean water?Healthcare?
Are you telling us he bought you with lunch. Cheap date.
#trumprussia #russiagate
@ZekeJMiller @POTUS Great but the rest of the government will collapse once all the funding is used to pay for it.
Oh goody!  Where do you think Putin and Bannon will send them? So exciting!
Then why do you go out each day and bash POTUS.  You are such a hypocrite.
@carlquintanilla @POTUS did our military need rebuilding??
@EllenMorris1222 @POTUS rebuild? I think the current budget is fine. When did fiscal discipline go out the window?
And when are you gonna turn around and stab him in the back. I give it a week tops !
Trump is a liar
so when can we expect to see Russian military parading in our streets?
Please help rebuild the Navy and Marine Corp in the senate Obama made use weak we need better weapons .
what was that? couldn't hear over the dick in your mouth

Make sure you rebuild the PEOPLE, not just buy more things. Mil/Ind-Complex is useless without trained operators.
What if we're all dead from lack of health care?
$600 billion a year on defense and we need to "rebuild?" Rebuild? Seriously, where does the money go?
Did you get drunk at lunch, because that's the only reason to think we need MORE military spending! #BadPriorities
You don't really have any actual positions besides "spend more on defense" do you?
@carlquintanilla Astounding you, who rightly speaks out against #POTUS agrees w/< BLOATED def spending as EVEN LARGER % GDP
This man is wacko and you know it! Why don't you stand up for what is right and put country over party?
we don't need to rebuild a military which is the most powerful in history. Build homes for homeless.
when can we expect a WAR
not sure, but good to know we'll be ready if and when
did you bring a food taster in case of poison?
Borscht?
Let's begin with the DOD report on $125B of waste before shoveling more money at the Pentagon.
"Rebuild?"  Sorry, don't we already spend more on our military than the rest of the world combined?
Also, taking care of Vets.  My dad died in Vet hospital waiting for treatment!
President Trump is a crook with no heart. Can hardly read. Batshit crazy. Easily swayed. So needy. Nice lunch????
Did you "hold your nose" while having lunch with #45???
Mine too!!!
The biggest, most over-bloated military in the world needs rebuilding, are you goddamn serious?
Ur strange. Oh wait ur designed to be a Flip Flop GOP...
military has enough dollars and you know it.  Infrastructure?
rebuilding?
what is there to rebuild?  We already spend way too much on the military. What about schools? Roads? Healthcare?
you can't be THIS easy to manipulate...
Graham, please tell me you didn't eat or drink anything there.
Can you think of anything better to spend that money on? Anything at all? Maybe something that's been in the news?
@mbrooksrjc @POTUS How are you paying for this without raising taxes or increasing debt.....by screwing the little guy?
grasp reality OF QUIT SUPPORTING ILLEGAL ALIENS LIFESTYLE while they work "under the table "
Our military is the biggest, baddest killing machine the world has ever known. WTF are you even talking about?
we used to be
you do realize that he will say anything to get you to forget about " that Russian thing"
Why don't you people know how to thread tweets? Please stop with the numbers. And I guess Russia doesn't matter.
With 50 to 75% of our military aircraft unable to fly its about time to rebuild.
who told you this?
So ultimately you're capitulating to a lunatic bc he was pleasant 1x. The Vichy GOP should be proud of you falling in line.
That was Barry Soerto, uh ... Hussein....uh what's his other alias? Aluas's are for crooks.
you might have drank too much orange kool-aid with lunch. Sad for SC and sad for the rest of US counting you.
yeah. Military 10x bigger than any other not bigly enough. More bombs- then no one will think we r gay anymore...
Someone take his Twitter away?
Please tell me you didn't drink the Kool-Aid @LindseyGrahamSC . please please please.
@postandcourier @POTUS STOP legitimizing this guy, he is a bigger national security problem than any of our immigrants
the American people that voted for him would not agree with you
