Lindsey Graham accuses top Obama advisor Susan Rice of having a history of “political manipulation” http://hill.cm/hy0R4in  
Yada, yada--and in terms of exploiting a story for political gain, we've seen drama queen Lindsey's fake outrage way too many times.
She was doing her job. She wasn't the one who revealed names publicly. Question to you: Have you never done something for political gain?
Hey, Lindsey. Maybe you should spend one day of your six year term not talking to a television camera.
Why are you not asking why did she ask for their names.?
Who were they talking to?
And content of conversation?
Find out this B4 accusations
Don't get distracted. #TrumpRussia
Please stop being a part of this administration's misdirection campaign. Grow a conscience.
So let me get this straight. You want another Benghazi hearing? Chaffetz and Gowdy will love you but America will not.
You are such a disappointment. I try to hear your intelligient views then you kiss Trump's hand to deflect for him & RUSSIA collusion. Sad.
@thehill don't you think the rest of the committee should get a chance to see this info before you start slandering rice?
Um, bc Ryan McConnell have never politically manipulated congress for their aims with your collusion to hold our judicial branch hostage
What does political manipulation even mean? The info was not leaked or used biblically for political gain...
And the WH is doing it now. C'mon Senator, don't let up on President Trump and his band of cohorts. Keep after them...
you and the Senate GOP are the last hope patrioric folks have (gulp), please put back on your big boy pants.
you are an embarrassment to this state and country.
Every time I think @LindseyGrahamSC isn't so bad and maybe I can trust him, he starts beating Trump's drum and marching to the Bannon song.
Isn't that the truth!! Plus he needs to stop watching Fox
And turn to who for news coverage. What is the un-biased source of news today that you would recommend
I try to read everything and make my own decision about each issue. No one should get their news from just one source or just one side.
another ridiculous benghazi style repub hunt. how bout keep the eye on the real crime and danger here? rememb putin and trump?
Are you the new @DevinNunes? How many of you greedy boys sold out to Russia? @brian
Oooo. Hello Senator Pot.
Oh Senator. I'd hope you would have had similar concerns.
I drool when you open your mouth! Get off the DC Teat! You old Coot!
Does "your view" have any evidence? You just enable Trump.
@thehill I thought u were interested in the truth? If so committee full needs to see this information
She's a habitual liar.
Go home, check your nose. You're drunk.
at least she did not prpopse to go to war for al qaida in syria, like you do.
Russia!!!
A view is not evidence, and you know that.
Sir, you hold her feet to the fire. I am tired of hearing another Democrat has gotten away with breaking the law! Thank you.
Really? Political manipulation? Don't throw stones when you live in a glass house.
Give. It. Up. COUNTRY FIRST. Party second
@thehill have her come testify and give us information on who was communicating with foreign agents and what was said!
It sounds as if ur trying to get her to run for President. This is  almost identical to how u badgered Hillary.
I respect you, but in this case you are wrong.
Stay on task! Trumps ties to Russia.
@GOP are you blind TRUMP IS YOUR PROBLEM DUMP THE TRUMP
Deflection will not work. Anyone covering for this moronic man-child will be going down with him.
Focus on Russian allegations of Trump collision first. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Outrageous accusation
Good gracious Lindsey! Stop acting as if u don't know this is miss direction from the the very real issue of Russia. Shame!
It is astonishing that you weren't satisfied with embarrassing yourself questioning Susan Rice once, u did it 3 times? STOP
@thehill this is not the real story and you know it
Of all people I didn't think u or Sen McCain wld actually fall for the latest TRUMP DIVERSION.Count me wrong, you just like Nunes sucked in!
Old news. No evidence. We don't care. How about something current (& w/actual evience)?! #Trumprussia #emoluments (the list goes on...)
And with this tweet, you've truly become a Trump. Congratulations on learning to ignore facts. I suppose that's an achievement. Maybe??
@LindseyGrahamSC should be investigated by Congress for peddling this lie and for protecting a corrupt president and administration.
I think you all need sleep and a back to Jesus momment. Oh that's right 45 only golf's and tweets. @realDonaldTrump no time for church.
In your heart tou know this is bullshit
Now they have everyone focused on stupid stuff. When will Washington decide to do their jobs and quick campaigning. Looks really bad from SC
Boy, everyday circus...will you guys and girls get it together. You are being distracted by the really criminals They did it in the election
They got Graham distracted now...
Done in the course of her normal job duties.  Do your job - focus on what happened when Russians hacked our democracy!
JC on a piece of burnt toast. Can you please return to reality? You are better than this, @LindseyGrahamSC and we all know it. Show us.
Graham goes full pro-Russia.

Follow this thread for details on Rice unmasking - BLUF = she was the NSA, its her job https://twitter.com/ryanlizza/status/849304099547959297 …
@thehill While you obsess over Obama admin N Korea launches another missile.
Oh yeah? I suggest you take a class in American political history of the past 20 years! When u cut the lights on, the roaches will run...
Bc the Rep party is making history on how biased and corrupt they r. What do u want to be remembered as?  Apart of the corrupt? Tread softly
If you are talking about Benghazi and her premature assumptions about the cause of the attack-I call that an honest mistake-info undeveloped
So you're cool with the Russians?  Do they have a tape of you too?
Good thing my your view doesn't mean dick.  She did her job.  If 45s teams wasn't in cahoots w/ Russia there would be no one to name 
great, just don't forget that Russia was trying to subvert our democracy...and may have succeeded.
In my view you are weak pathetic and less than a man
You are on the wrong side of this. Don't give 45* cover. #resist #DoYourJob
Hypocrite!
Focus. INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Shame on you for feeding in to the narrative. A bunch of old man afraid of a woman doing her job...
Where's your proof? Or are you just Fox Newsing it?
sad to know you represent my State. Can't wait til you are replaced
Is she asking for immunity???
Stop trying to distract from the necessary investigation into what would be the most un-American acts in history. Inexcusable from you.
Not even CLOSE to seriousness of new Russia news today(Prince, Kushner, etc) they are working to destroy democracy for Putin. Get real.
And Russia attacking our election? Bos that even on your radar?
Why didn't you call Flynn out for his foreign ties and conflicts of interest during the campaign or transition, @LindseyGrahamSC.
This is irresponsible. You are purposely getting your (and Trump's) voting base to hate someone again with no proof of any wrongdoing. Shame
Lol - YOU - defending 45, cast aspersions on anyone else's "political manipulation?" That's rich, Lindsey. Have you no shame?
What is a "view"?  One either has a fact base that proves something or one doesn't.  Spare me the sanctimony about "political manipulation".
WHY is trump moving US troops into Syria by the 100's@w/o him telling us,w/o U telling us. R They on putin s side.Stop talking ur bullshit!
You make us sick
I once thought you were one of the patriots who would be our last line of defense against the unfit unstable man in the White House-no more.
your covering up the GOP mess in the White House is getting boring. Do ur job and focus on the real corruption #treason
@thehill Lindsey, darlin', you're diverting again.
Do you really think the American people are that stupid? She was national security advisor doing her job...please do yours.
U work for big corporatations not the little people and now you think rice is more important than russian connection.  Comrade graham
@thehill well there went my respect for you.
Shiny ball syndrome... you GOP have no scruples!
President Obama is gone; so is Susan Rice. She was doing her job. Stick with the current crisis
He said, then held up the documents to back up his claims.
Shameless & factless.  What about wait for the evidence?
It is time to come up with solutions to problems and stop bitching and whining about past administrations. You are no longer the opposition
I used to like you but you are now so far up Trump's butt, he is a liar. You are smart enough to see that, aren't you???
Really, tell me, graham, WHAT HAS TRUMP DONE IN THE PAST? look at the shiny object, graham! nice work
This coming from a guy who wants to invoke the Nuclear rule. 
I can't get it done with the rules in place, I'll just change the rules.
If a burglar breaks into a home, finds an entire family murdered & calls police, do they arrest him or deal w/the murders 1st & him later?!
I've lost respect for just about all y'all at this point. Don't say it if it's just political crap.
Come on @LindseyGrahamSC this tweet is beneath you
You disappoint. Bigly.
Traitors are running the country, while GOP worried about who found the traitors and leaked it!
Meant to say RUINING not running the country
What did she do? CAN'T believe your falling for this shit.
You lost me and my entire family and friends.  Lot of S. CAROLINIANS won't be voting for you in 6
In your view...? Really? An internet video...? Many could do a better job than you simply by not taking any money.
shouldn't you be focused on the devils in your own party.
OK so there are exactly zero Rs with integrity left. Investigation of Trump collusion w Russia is paramount. We see you.
What's your cellphone number again?
Proof? Or is a tweet it. What happened to your testicles, Lindsey? Does @potus ever make fun of your girl name?
The next president of the United States #feelinggood
@LindseyGrahamSC you had me all wrapped up with hope for someone not party before country. What do they have pictures of?? Why Lindsey, why?
Or she could end up being a national hero, if she was just doing her job and came to uncover this Russia mess. Right? Doing her job!
Keep it up. I'm starting to like you more and more.
Do you all understand the @POTUS44 is no longer POTUS. The GOP disaster @POTUS is under federal investigation that should be your focus!
Maybe you should say that with such certainty only to be proven wrong. Then you Sir, should apologize!
Hey Lindsey, did you hear Assad bombed kids with sarin and Trump blamed it on Obama? Maybe focus on real news.
Revisionist history much?  What is it w touting demonstrably false statements? You are spending way too much time breathing Trump air.
you will not come through this admin. well if you continue to avoid holding Trump accountable.
#WestWinGate, how embarrassing for Liberal / Democrats. 
Susan Rice
Evelyn Farkas
a gift to President Trump.
Nobody can go from rare Republican "voice of reason" to distraction-spewing Trump stooge faster than you, Lindsey. You're giving me whiplash
Oh please 
That is your conclusion after 2 yesrs of Benghazi and going after Suzan Rice and finding nothing. How about WMD in Iraq. Fynn lying to VP???
For example?
Cmon, dont distract from #Trumprussia , Lindsey!
How about we focus on the present Lindsey? Country over party! Stop being a political hack for once in your life. You'll enjoy it
Smoke.
Talks tough becomes a collaborator. You are weak Senator.
Call a spade a spade: Trump launched a serious, criminal accusation at his predecessor that was false, story about Rice doesn't change facts
Stop Lindsey
She was doing her job. You people @GOP are vile.
kettle meet pot
You have to prove it.
For Instance?
Lindsey, the horse is out of the barn. You are examining the paint on the open gate.
You would know it best!
Where is your proof? For what purpose? Seems like you are just flapping your gums for political points.
it's really quite a shame. i thought you were a good one.
Be on the right side of history, Senator. I'm 99.9% positive it wasn't Ms. Rice making friends in Russia.
Hmm....Didn't figure you for a Trumpster.  I guess everyone has a certain amount of integrity.
What I fondly call a Graham cracker.
@SenJohnMcCain Smoke & mirrors from you two now? How about whistle blower protection for all who bring these treasonous villains to justice!
You ought to be ashamed, I bet you avoid mirrors, how much did you get paid for selling your soul, you pretend to be for the people
This is a distraction, senator, and it isn't going to work.
@thehill Dems ALWAYS get away with murder! I'm sick and tired of it!  GOP GROW SOME BALLS!  For once expose these ppl pls!
Sometimes I actually agree with you, Senator,  not this time. This distraction will not work. You may have noticed an awakening to facts.
Et tu Brute? No one out there in the GOP willing to confront Russia in the WH? Russia WON the election and our country!Keep looking away!
You should be more worried about flynn, who wants immunity.  Notice she is not
Somehow ur old, Rebel, Southern past rises to the suface at times.
Stop deflecting from what is the actual scandal #TrumpRussia. Shame on you, Senator. You are no patriot! Time to put country > party!
Thank you for being part of the problem and, not the solution
Wondering what the Republicans don't want us to know? About subverting our election? Where the real voter fraud is? Hint : not the voters
In terms you need to get to the bottom of this Russia crap you was in jag show some guts America first bottom line
A future constituent implores you to read the tea leaves & stop the partisan slander...."you're better than that!"
 http://www.news.com.au/finance/economy/world-economy/what-really-happened-at-the-mayflower-hotel/news-story/a885f3be938bb384e3a24563d13d0758 …
"political manipulation" .. kinda like your dealings around Gorsuch's illigitimate SCOTUS nomination?
Please, let's not lose sight of what is in the intercepted communications. Was there a reason for the unmasking?
Wow. Wow. Good job pretending you weren't a hack for a while. Since you seem to know better --- more disgusting.
It's past TIME for the GOP to get serious on #trumprussia rather than deflecting, deflecting, deflecting. Do I sense #russiaGOP?
You're not really going for that shiny-object-head-fake distraction of a non-story? Focus! Russian cancer in Trump administration.
Russia, Russia,  Russia,  we're not looking the other way
@thehill And how much time and money did you waste beating Benghazi like a drum yet have little interest in Trump-Russia
You are overly partisan and this comment reflects that.  Provide facts.
Yeah. You should be judged by your past too!
You're 100% correct... we should all get to know what she saw that caused her to need to "unmask" who the foreign target was talking to.
I love you Sen Graham but history shmistory, what martters now?   The story Russian hacking/poss collusion, not leaks/unmasking, Unmasking?
Why don't you try to as hard to get DJT'S tax returns?!! Sadly, you've devolved greatly since the early 2000s.  #Former McCainiac#
Deflecting from real issue...Russiagate. Nobody is buying the bob & weave tactics anymore, but nice try though.
You well know that she was lawfully investigating a FISA case. law states Americans caught in FISA comm can be unmasked.
She was doing her job which is more than I can say for you and your fellow GOP. Our country is being destroyed & you are ignoring it!
A point of view is not a proven fact Senator. Keep your focus on those committing treasonous acts against their own nation.
@LindseyGrahamSC, I was beginning 2 respect u for ur attempts 2 work in a bipartisan manner on #trumprussia. I guess DT promised u somethng.
It's fair to look at rice if she did anything wrong. Graham has been a rep hero IMO reg Trump. Let someone investig but Trump is going down
Haven't seen you call out Trump in the same way and in plain view the mans a liar, con and master manipulator. Rice may be too. Just sayin.
Joining the distraction tactics team?
You started out so courageous.  Now you are crumbling.  Does Putin have every gop by the balls?
Shouldn't you be asking that about your President?
Tell me how much money you collected selling my internet privacy
Oh boy here comes the video lie about Benghazi shit all over again...
Evidence? That's quite an accusation to tweet. Are you taking cues from POTUS now?
And Nunes? Trump?
@thehill it's nice to see how Grown ups act. Oh wait. Never mind. Another slam on Twitter. Grow the hell up!
I guess it was inevitable you joined the cover up. We have no hope of finding out what really is going on with Russia.
I regret ever calling you a voice of reason.
why are you lying?
Boy you are so in love with Trump aren't you .? Susan Rice did her job something you have not done too well
