so how do you get from newspaper article to investigation?
@tempteststorm2 Sen Graham you r waist if time. Why aren't u using your energy for Obamacare solutions, agenda.
If the premise to an argument is false, then regardless of how logical the remaining discourse seems, it is invalid.
I applaud you.  This is REAL leadership!  Please don't let down on this.  I HATE the idea of Putin owning the White House.
Hey @LindseyGrahamSC I just want to make sure you're aware there is a Russian spy ship parked off the coast of LI where I live. Please care.
this is actually normal, no need to panick. US spy ships are parked near Russia.
This is actually highly unusual to park offshore. Yes we have planes etc to protect ur ass 4 NATO.
33 hearings over Benghazi but you don't think this merits Congress even looking into this yet? Wow. #Backbone
If you #readpastthefirstsentence you may re-evaluate your thoughts.  @LindseyGrahamSC put the newspaper comment at the end...
then there's no point of the 1st sentence. I read the whole thing. The only statement should be to demand an investigation
"kick russias ass" sure your master #putinpuppet is gonna kick him in the ass. Putin got @POTUS elected.
Leaks? Don't you mean whistleblowers? There's so much smoke the house is burning down. Independent investigation now.
why don't we start investigating the real shit that went on with benghazi? ?? Not this bullshit...
Yes, I'm sure a 34th hearing would be more productive than the previous 33.
maybe we get transcripts of the calls this time..Obama administration blocked that because they lied to country
fake phony you need to be investagated you are opposition an need to leave you will be exosed.
@SenJohnMcCain you both need to get together and get an independent investigation done. Manafort, Flynn,Tillerson & Ivanka
Mmmk but it's not just a newspaper article and there are active investigations into this bc of intelligence as to the ties
@SenatorLindsayGraham As a patriot of our Great United States, chase down the truth about Russia's attack on democracy!
better than you and so is PUTIN. No wonder people hate us. Look what bigots represent our country.
preventing terrorist entering our country and attacking us as much as you worry about Russia maybe we would have less acts
you care more about Russia than worrying about Isis and other terrorists. The real threat. If you put your energy into
put country before politics. Support a through investigation into Russia tampering, campaign ties, conflicts. #russiagate
@tempteststorm2 work on the People's agenda. Sen you, John McCain & now Katich r the cloud In The White House. Hear us
Will emerge a hero in all of this, I'm confident. Thank good fortune for patriotic senators.
Thank you Senator Graham!! Country before party!! #WeThePeople #truth #StandUp #DoTheRightThing
Thank you Senator Graham for your courage and patriotism in pushing for these investigations from a constituent. Proud of u
nation and I'd watch the ass kicking if I were you. You can only poke the bear so much! Russia is way
Did it make you feel like a real man for making such bigotry statements about Russia?! You are a embarrassment to our
Thank You for standing up to your party and standing by the concerns for national security!!
Thank you Sir for speaking up. We appreciate your patriotism in holding our executive office accountable.
If Congress was doing their jobs and investigating, there would be no need for leaks. Committee was briefed, did nothing
Keep standing up for investigations on Russia hacking
as a life long democrat, I say thank you for fighting to defend American values!
we need an investigation and his tax returns.  And you know this in your gut.
Patriots in SC need to get rid of RINO Warhawk Graham during next primary. This POS never did anything to Obama. NO BALLS!
if he had the seeds he would call for an immediate investigation into Trump's Russian connections
I agree with your profile. SOMETIMES YOU ARE NT VERY SMART! GRAHAM HAD NO BALLS WITH OBAMA!SORE LOSER!
with our elections. You and the other crazy can't go a fning day without obsessing over PUTIN and Russia must really suck
foggiest clue. Kick yourself in the ass and provide evidence that Russia or the government of Russia had anything to do
karma what goes around comes around. By the way I go to Russia and I can tell you right now we aren't suffering because
like you and McCain support you. Anyone with a healthy brain thinks you two need to be put into the psych ward.
evidence. Your bigot statement shows how mentally ill you and McCain are. Only the bigots in the west who are Russophobics
they didn't hack us and your evidence is in your sick brain. No one not even the CIA have presented the world with
country and your state would actually progress. I don't understand your obsession with Russia or PUTIN. Jealousy I guess.
you have against Russia to the public before you make comments in Germany making yourself look like a bigot fool.
crazy McCain are bigots. Full of hate for a entire nation and their leader. How about you present the evidence you think
weak statement, you and McCain seem to relish not supporting this President. Both will be held accountable Election Day
.@LindseyGrahamSC https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LlSP9b_k-g&feature=youtu.be …
K.T. McFarland has praised Putin,called Islamism a “death cult” &  has endorsed torture & yet Trump insist that she stay.
@POTUS should welcome investigation
so that trust can be restored between
administration, public, & intelligence community
Everyone in porn knows that married white Republicans love gay porn. Did your pornhub acct compromise you?
So what does Putin have on you?  Are you also compromised? Are all GOP members scared of the truth?
Thank you for taking this seriously and putting our minds to ease!!
Senator, can we count on you to do the right thing?
I suspect Trump is going to use Rohrabacher, "Putin's Favorite Congresman" to negotiate with the Dumas...investigate!
How about call the #Newspaper to #VerifyVerifyVerify before RUNNING ANY NEWS REPORT. WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE ON THAT. #RINO
Just another #WitchHunt. Too bad you #Spinless #CorruptDC didn't dig this deep into #Obama / #Hillarys 15+ scandals. #RINO
bravo!!!
America thanks you for standing up for the truth, not being afraid of Trump, like Ryan and McConnell.
Hats off to you for your statement about Russian influence @ Whitehouse.
We the people are depending on you to protect us from the harm that Trump/Russia are intending.
everytime @cnn @msnbc @washintonpost breaks #VERYFAKENEWS w unnamed sources, we launch an investigation? #MEDIALIESAGAIN
Do u believe that content of emails was the problem or are u just ignoring that like the media did????
investigate Trump campaign's contacts w/Russia! But those who leaked this are heroes protecting our national security!
@senjohnmccain #independentcouncil
thank you for your courage to investigate wrongdoings no matter what political party. We need more pols w integrity!
Thank you Mr. Graham. For putting America before your Party. The trail will lead to Trumps impeachment
Investigate Lindsey, please. You are just as vital in this fight as our Special Forces are in Mid East!  Transcripts!Taxes!
Concerned over leaks is like being pissed someone ordered an evacuation as Nuclear Reactor melts down in Chernobyl!
Punish the source of the leaks? It was facts stated in multiple IC reports. You work for us.They showed courage. Hoorah
where were you when Hillary was colluding with the Russians on out uranium rights?  Back Trump don't block him.
as a democrat, no, as an American....THANK YOU. Thank you for being a voice of reason in the GOO
We need an INDEPENDENT STUDY, not one from a committee, where we will never know the findings from behind closed doors.
Stop encouraging treason with your words. You OWE your allegiance to the constitution and the American people NOT RNC.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Leakers are patriots. Congress knows Trump is mentally unstable & national security at stake. Put Nation 1st: do you job.
.@LindseyGrahamSC The Leakers are patriots. Congress not doing it's job. Judiciary doing its part. You have the intel reports. Get 2 work.
Thank you for putting country before party on this issue.  I have a ton of respect for you on this.
Who says bipartisanship is dead? That's twice in two weeks I've agreed with Graham!
Those leaks are patriots trying to save our union
According to #ballotpedia YOU won in 2014 with 672,000 votes. Trump beat you and 15 other #politicalHACKS. #sit!
when do you think it's appropriate for Congress to act? Do what's right for your country!
-Putin meddling in ANY of the US' affairs is a threat to our very lives. As an elder statesman, you MUST push hard on this.
you just ytook any merit from the very thing that brought the whole Watergate affair about, sir. I'd advise you not to.
Trump's agenda includes being hanged for treason. Please convince some fellow Republicans to choose our country over party!
We the people need this done now! While you're at it...get Trump's tax returns.....follow the money.
Please we must have an independent investigation in this matter. We can't let Russia control our country. Never again.
Find the truth. .@LindseyGrahamSC
My statement on alleged contacts between Russian intelligence and the Trump campaign. 
Ross Perot once said people go to Washington with good intentions but Washington corrupts them?are you under that umbrella
How exactly do you square the circle of "Watergate is a scandal" and "That Deep Throat fellow must be punished"?
You are part of the swamp... right under #johnmccain , #royblumt - #MitchmcConnell, that need to be "retired,', ..
... On their constant witch hunt, how about a REAL witch that had led repeatedly and broken federal laws. . Hillary.??
... machines were not tampered with by Russia not did they have illegals voting for Hillary. Instead of joining the Dems...
If there is any meddling in the 2016 elections, maybe the Dem party should b under investigation (Bernie). Voting...
stop talking. We are going to find someone to oppose you next time. You and McCain !
Cant minimize this by saying a paper article. Multiple media outlets, NATO surveillance on Flynn as well. Cant sweep this
Excellent.
Do your job and appoint an independent investigation. Our country is being compromised by an adversary govt
Lets be real you don't care about the nation or the people. You're just another cuck being bankrolled by Soros.
an investigation needs 2 b done on some members of Congress and Senate with their efforts to undermine our president
We need a special investigator appointed ASAP to investigate the Trump-Russia connection/Trumps financial ties to Russia.
@bethwill716 I will believe when I see action. Press releases are a dime a dozen
@senator alexander @senbobcorker Senator Graham has proposed an equitable solution to this issue.  Get on board!
I have been a lifelong Democrat. However,PLEASE get the process going to make Pence POTUS! Trump is mentally ill! Impeach!
Operative word ALLEGED. DJT election backlash ag BHO policies, not result of Russia. You are playing Into Russia's hands.
DO your job and investigate who asked Flynn to call the Russians.  Get to the bottom of this cesspool.
IC has leaked twice. Watergate and now. Only when our nation is in danger. Yet you support no investig. Why? Investigate U.
Thank you for carrying on the Reagan legacy of strength
thanks for having some basic integrity.
You far off track, wasting time, the liberal agenda is the enemy, not POTUS! You are playing into the Libs hands!
why don't you bark now about Clinton e mail server and and go after leakers on classified Intel you are a conservative?
What do the PPL need 2 do? OR who should we contact? What should B said relative 2 this? There MUST B an investigation!
Get down to bottom of Presidents connection to Russian issue! WH in total dysfx! I do not have confidence! Protect country!
Why are you teaching Islam in Public schools in SC? Seperation of church & state? Congress need to investigate you & ties.
Thank you for putting country over party Mr. Graham! And in best interest of GOP: everyone loses if he implodes in scandal
- Thank you for prioritizing country over party.
@JDowFamily GRAHAM> TRAITOR TO USA>SOROS NAZI SYMPATHIZER > ARMED ISIS>ISIS CSMPS N SC> WAKE UP AMERICA!
Investigating the leaks and not the events is like investigating and punishing whistleblowers.  Integrity, Mr. Graham.
Country over party you cowardly tool!
Are you an American first or a Republican first?  This is not normal.  This is not right.  Take a stand and investigate.
omg, it's about time, thank you
@JDowFamily WAR CRIMINALS MCCAIN AND GRAHAM! SOROS FUNDED. SOROS IS A NAZI. THESE POLITICIANS TRYING 2 DESTROY TRUMP!
Maybe ask Turtle McConnell what he covered up? How about asking our Allies about the intercepts, since they have them too.
Don't punish the whistleblowers. Give them a medal.
Investigates, do your job!
thank you for trying to invalidate the intelligence community.  Where do you think newspapers got their information from?!?
Lindsey, NYC FBI investigated HRC on basis of Bannon published 'Clinton Cash'. What's DOJ IG doing there?
Thank you, Senator Graham! We need to get to the bottom of this!
Please sir, stop being a hack for the Democrats and stand up for Mr. Trump. 
blame the messenger! U and McCain were our only hope. So partisan BS trumps caring 4 country! 2018 can't come soon enough
Please continue to advocate for an investigation into the administration's links to the Russian regime!
@deejay90192 maybe you should read your own word where is the approval for a select committee
Your statement means nothing without action. What is going on in House with @jasoninthehouse? Might want to take a look.
the whole campaign was based on leaks to destroy someone now they wanna cry about leaks and deter investigations
if he didn't cloud his own election with asking for hacks from russia and call voter fraud while obstructing recounts
sending our country into chaos and being unpresidential, unable to answer questions without reffering back to elections
picking unqualified cabinet members wall street folks he complained about, trying to slide through conformations hiding
ethics paperwork till way late and so much more that's messed up in this admin. nobody would feel the need to leak info.
if his whole election and admins actions wasn't so shady there wouldn't be a need for investigation. We Expect Answers
Thank You for looking into this matter, Please keep Pressing them The People Deserve To Know Our Country Is Safe.
You & @SenMcCain seem to be the only patriotic Republicans in Congress. How far would a bipartisan investigation get?
WE THE PEOPLE ARE COUNTING ON YOU TO PUT COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY..WE PRAY YOU TAKE YOUR OATH OF OFFICE SERIOUSLY #protectUSA
PLEASE DO THE RIGHT THING..NO SESSIONS HE WAS PART OF CAMPAIGN..WE NEED 100% TRANSPARENCY.SPECIAL INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR
Thank you Sir!  :)
INDEPENDENT ONE IS ONLY ACCEPTABLE.SESSIONS CANT OVERSEE.HE WAS PART OF CAMPAIGN SO MAJOR CONFLICT..TRANSPARENCY IS A MUST!
I thought the DOJ confirmed a connection between Flynn and the Russians, not a news article.
U should also explain what You with McCain did in Ukraine in December ,looks fishy in Ukraine they speak Russians UsetHack
goof, Russian prank they say hi... ahaha old fool.
form a select committee for this investigation.
Um, a newspaper broke Watergate. Also, press are the only 1s currently doing any investigating, so...
and @JohnMcCain  need to retire. You're fighting a war that no longer exists. You're acting like impetuous children...
Come on man why waiste the time taxes and healthcare

REPUBLICANS 'PLEASE WORK TOGETHER, WORK WITH OUR PRESIDENT' DON'T FIGHT AMONGST EACH OTHER!!!!
LIBERALS ARE ON A MISSION TO DESTROY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND YOU ALL ARE BLINDED BY THEIR TACTICS!
DO NOT GIVE THE LIBERALS ANYMORE ROPE TO HANG OUR PRESIDENT! STAND TOGETHER AND DIG UP DIRT ON THEM!!!!!!
If you and the republican administration have issues with the President ,hold a private meeting and voice your concerns....
I am just one that is concerned about who's side you are on. Support our President don't hurt him like the Democrats!!
wise words
Trump has already destroyed our credibility in the world, we haven't yet felt full impact, shame on GOP 4not speaking up
these leaks are occurring because IC has 0 faith GOP Senate will act forcefully and truthfully. Do that and they will stop
Yes. Need Independent Commission w/ subpoena & special prosecutor. (NOT a Senate committee)
This unhinged lunatic and his goonies need to be stopped - GOP could have pulled the emergency brake via electoral college
These are whistle blowers trying to save our country from a fascist (not "leaks" that should be punished).
TRUMP HIMSELF NEEDS TO BE INVESTIGATED, LOUD AND CLEAR SENATOR!!!
we need strength from both sides of the aisle, this is a good first step but the important thing will be the follow through
