amen Senator. Time to get with Democrats and finally develop a good option for Obamacare.  wants D.C. Working 
@SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @SenSanders @MarkWarner
Here's Trump's Health Secretary praising the selection of the *Republican* HE HELPED PICK to run the CBO. Now he's attacking CBO estimates. https://twitter.com/RepTomPrice/status/571311527766171650 …
weirdly, it's provided me with...affordable health insurance. What a disaster.
me too. Fact over fiction, but this admin doesn't look at actual numbers or logic. Empty rhetoric.
OBAMACARE HAS BEEN A FAILURE 4 YEARS - THE CURRENT PLAN WILL FAIL UNLESS WE TAKE THE TIME TO MAKE IT BETTER
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC @RandPaul @SenTomCotton 

Except it IS possible to make matters worse.

So don't.

#MAGA
.@LindseyGrahamSC: "Here's where I come down on this: #Obamacare is a disaster." #oreillyfactor 
On the wiretap, Pres don't need warrants, as stated in FISA rules, they can tape anyone, watch fox!
Then work to fix it, Sir. Don't let it collapse, fix what's wrong with existing framework #ACA
you are gay! Come out already! Foolish little man!
@jtblogs @LindseyGrahamSC Where will Lindsey flip flop to tomorrow. Up in the air.
#ACA has a strong foundation. It should be improved upon for the good of our people. #protectACA
“@FoxNews: .@LindseyGrahamSC: YOU DON'T FIGHT FOR MY HEALTH INSURANCE BUT I AM PAYING FOR YOURS. IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE. GOP A FAILURE.
you guys had a long time to get this #trumpcare together #excuses
Trumpcare is FAR worse. Reduce benifits, less people covered, all to cut taxes on the wealthy. And I thought you were a Christian....
Why?  And for once I'd like to hear specifics..  because I can give you specifics on how YOU fail as a Representative of your constituents
yet, Trumpcare is worse...so...where does that leave us? America Healthcare Apocalypse, perhaps?
There are lots of Obama disasters. 140 characters isn't enough to even begin. Just look at what your taxes go to.
yes , it is a disaster , but is your replacement Any better?
It"s not perfect but not a disaster either.
The GOP replace plan is a complete joke. Come up with a better plan, or help mitigate the ACA's problems.
u & McCain will see a backfire like never before. Get ready to retire, this is ur last run in our house. Traitors
Obama has weakened
America in many ways
We may be cast down
but not destroyed.
So glad @realDonaldTrump
S
@POTUS
here's where I come down on LindseyGrahamSC, #GOP is a disaster
considering SC wouldn't expand Medicaid our state has been very well served by BCBS under #ACA.
Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong. You're wrong.  You're wrong.  You're wrong.
You have ZERO credibility - always against US in the MSM-there is no I in TEAM-work with instead of ALWAYS against
Sen. GRAHAM stop your bad talk against our Potus. You need to be voted out of office!
Graham, your political career is over.. #TermLimits Career political hack! Go kiss #GeorgeSoros #MAGA #GreatAgain
it's a disaster to ur ego. It saves American lives but u don't care. Selfish! Blind! Immoral!
Because ACA made everyone think they are ENTITLED to health insurance. BS. You want it, work & pay for it.
You have chance to take health insur responsibility off employers. Huge boost for business AND the individual.
Graham & MaCain need to Retire
South Carolina is crying for healthcare. Ryancare is a failure before it even goes to vote. 14 million without
Stop quoting Trump. Sounds awfully ignorant coming from you, Graham. You know better. GOP will pay if it passes.
When Obamacare 1st came out
Everybody! I Mean Everybody! Screamed Bloody Murder
Now Idiot Dems suddenly love it?
This bill leaves us WORSE than we were BEFORE ACA. Get with it GOP, or Get Out! The people matter, not just money.
the only thing I've heard him say in a long time that I agree with them on Obamacare is a disaster
you are a disaster!
finally!
Wrong. Repubs sabotaging the ACA 2 detriment of their constituents is a disaster. Imagine if they knew you had!
smart man.
How about same health care plan as Congress..... for all Americans. ??
Gee Lindsay, there's an original thought.
you guys are still whining about ACA?! Get over it and start either fixing it or get out of the way
CONGRESS health care4ALL Good for them, GREAT 4 ALL DEMAND
EQUAL care FOR all AMERICANS. VETS are DEMANDING=
And you had this RINO on why?
why is taking so long? Trump said he had a plan already back in June, was he telling a lie?
so are you Senator
except for the millions like me who know have health insurance....
yes it is & I have heard nothing from you to make anything better.
Oh, he's such a voice of support. Graham is a road block. RHINO. CAREER POLITICIAN. Establishment. Anti-Trump.
Senator Lindsey Graham Promised to get to the bottom of Trump Wiretap allegation! 
We are waiting Senator!!
Bill when are you going to ask this puppet why he attended the Bilderberg in 2016, how come he's deemed important
is it because he' in the plot with McCain to derail the President, you need to ask these important questions
the only thing thats a disaster is the corrupt Trump admin & Republican enablers. Investigate Impeach, fire!
Newt Gingrich said "The people nominated Trump because they weren't happy"  but Trump and GOP made things worse!
let Trump produce proof of Wiretap allegation before you accuse the Senator of backstabbing!
But I love him as well as Trump and McCain!
DISASTER: I am so sick of this hyperbolic word. It has become a catch-all & now means nothing.
how come the USA can't afford free health care like most developed countries? Bloody disgusting  
The ACA needs to be fixed, so fix it and then give it a new name. Pls don't take this prog away andmakethingsworse
that would be 2 rational. More important 2 give tax breaks & posture politically. They assume pple r dumb
this man has been entered more times than the bathroom at a bad Mexican restaurant
So, apparently you would prefer 50 million uninsured American citizens, rather than Ryan's 24 million? Nice.
let's repeal and replace without favors.  Illegals shouldn't get free healthcare. Not obamacare lite
finally we AGREE on something.  Stop being a RINO Trumo hater and get to work on making this better
if so, why don't you start working with Trump instead of against!
#Trumpcare was a failure, as is this Federation of American States
as are you
Not really Lindsey.
shoulda been single payer from the start #dodobirds #shitheads
disaster on disaster
You are a disaster.  Investigate Russian infiltration in our government!
Republicans are a disaster. Trying to destroy this country. A bunch of traitors who would accept communist rule before democracy¡
Let's take away YOUR healthcare Senator.  Go pay for it yourself!! You got an extra 15k a yr for that?
Yes, the lowest uninsured rate in decades is a sure a sign of a disaster.
But for many it's all they got.Letting it fail isn't a political game, it's life or death for many. Make it better
you and @SenateMajLdr love saying "disaster".  Replcmnt is FAR worse, selling "access" which means out of pocket.
Lindsey should know, he's been a disaster for years.
so obama basically implemented a horrendous healthcare plan that is unaffordable and they're to scared to scrap it
this president is a disaster the GOP is a disaster Obamacare not perfect but 6 years and no plan by GOP disaster
You own part of that failure, King RINO Lindsey.  Why did you vote FOR it?
Not as bad as the Trump Car they want to put through.
the @GOP is a disaster and getting ready to unleash economic chaos and a healthcare crisis with random budget cuts
IF @obamacare is a Disaster how come save this person life & helped patients with black lung disease ..fuck #GOP
We will see what kind of disaster your GOP plans turns out to be
@AARP thinks #Trumpcare is a disaster
I work in healthcare, seniors are the ones paying now, the young who should be working get services free. It's BS.
And the Repub plan is a shipwreck. For once somebody THINK and keep #Obamacare until something better is designed.
Looks a lot like a Trump Rally...Just the opposite of HRC fails!
you've got some balls talking like that - you get socialized medicine paid for by Americans w/o health insurance
True so join the Freedom Caucus and Sen. Paul in getting a real conserv input.
Well, it was originally a republican plan.  And obama wanted single payer but repubs says no.  It's ur fault.
Bullshit
rammed down our throats too.
Traitor
Ohio pays out to illegals, thats why they keep asking for money.
No Lindsey, TrumpCare is a disaster. The republican head of CBO appointed by Tom Price himself said as much.
I would say that the entire GOP is a disaster and r destroying everything good in our country
You get so much per state for legal residents. If you choose to use for illegals, you don't get any extra money.
Sooo...what? Disaster isn't good enough? You need a catastrophe? #trumpcare
It's high time you wake up!

do is GOP-lack of care
No, Senator.  Actually, it's not.  The GOP plan is.
this plan is worse the Obamacare. If everyone's so proud of it why does no one want their name on it! Ryancare?
And if you vote yes for TrumpCare your future is assured.

Lindsey. C'mon.
regurgitation of mindless partisan talking points when #RealAmericans will be hurt by #trumpcare
As you said,@POTUS is a dealmaker, and we don't want to own a bad one. He needs to listen to all sides.
How about the plan you have senator. If we can pay for you. Can't you do that for us.
Something very untrust worthy about Graham! How was he able to speak without mac vain tied to him?
I congratulate you senator for your attitude on fixing healthcare , Help convince the rest of your GOP members
I wish Lindsey graham &John McCain would move to new Zealand and stay
When do you give up your government healthcare for you and your family!
Lindsey Graham is a disaster.
Trumpcare is wearing a cement block around your neck swimming the English Channel
That traitor Lindsey Graham is the disaster, I hope he enjoys his last year in Washington
can't believe I watched @FoxNews! The things this democrat does to see favorite Senator speak! Please run for POTUS in 2020 @LindseyGrahamSC
Graham is a disaster if he supports teh Trump Don't Care proposal.  Sad
I'm sure you will be happy to let your voters die in the streets, that's a very Republican thing to do.
but #Trumpcare is a disgrace, 7 years of complaing & this is the plan you came up with, so sad
That was best interview I have heard from Sen. Graham in a long time.
Lindsey in the sky with diamonds. RINO
Yeah this is way way better
computers and Russia in a speech sometime in October? Interesting if it is true!
True. So will be #TrumpCare
Thank you Senator!   But the trump wire tap question should be an easy quick answer: yes or no.  What's the delay?
What do you really know @LindseyGrahamSC . You need to stop pretending.
Yes, Obamacare is burning the house down - but the current replacement plan is a BOMB and that's no good either!
And "Emergency Room" healthcare is the answer @LindseyGrahamSC?
And???????????
So lead and do something about it. All you and McCain do is throw darts.
And what is #tRumpcare?
The @GOP is a disaster, and tRumpcare is 100x worse! 
because you may not find a warrant, doesn't mean no wiretapping.
Bill you got half the liberal twins on is McCain scared to face you? And did Clinton make references to trump twr
. Take away Congress Cadillac healthcare + put them on Obamacare NOW.
This guy must be up for reelection.
I live in myrtle beach and won't Graham gone. Useless.
The PLEASE #repealobamacare  NOW!  Repeal, NOT replace. If replaced, it MUST BE RIGHT, not rushed!
it's not.
You age tax means seniors will pay triple but as long as  I pay for your healthcare you could care less
so is Trumpcare
It was the WRONG move for our country. It needs replaced and for all not for a select few.
Lindsey Graham has a burning desire to undermine our president.
He could've been a great help in the cabinet
sorry but the FBI said Clinton was clean when we know she was corrupt. How can we rely on them? Credibility gone!
regarding the FBI on the wiretap convo
he also said American care act is a disaster!
It is not a disaster to those who now are able to have it.
And what about the people whose lives it's saving as we speak? Is it a disaster for them?
@realDonaldTrump I am one of those who Obamacare has saved my life. W Trumpcare I'd be dead. I'm honestly scared.
thank U @LindseyGrahamSC we need more men like you!!!!  Please please get the info on wiretap and let us know ASAP
@SenateGOP are responsible for the defunding of Risk Pool #SinglePayerNOW STOP the stupid LIES
And you're an embarrassment to the American people and an ISIS sympathizer.
The President needs to give it more time to be worked on.
Does he actually have anything to back that up or does he just not want to admit it might have helped some people
yes so lets take that disaster and set it on fire. The American people can have the ashes
Lindsey Graham is not to be trusted

he is standing in defense of the left and stands with @SenJohnMcCain
you sound delusional, LMFAO
PRIFOUND STATEMENT...LMAO
You can claim "disaster" over and over.  Doesn't make it true.
True #Democrats has no power for now ..Wait until midterms..then we'll see ..
it's not a disaster. #Trumpcare bill is a disaster
Trumpster fire

Under #Trumpcare those earning $1 mil or more annually will get $165 billion in tax breaks over 10 yrs. Tell me again why the poor vote GOP?
And Trumpcare is far worse
