Nope!  When the repubs put Americans  and country b4 party then you may be relevant. Right now, you're just a POS like others n ur party!
No thanks. No time for your bullshit
.....or not
@morningmika said on @Morning_Joe that Senate Investigation of #Russianhack as effective as House! You and @SenJohnMcCain saw as priority
I had hope that he and @SenJohnMcCain were seriously making #Russianhack a Priority! Politics as Usual!
No thanks
Tune in... to Fox?? Why would anybody with a brain, a conscience, morals and ethics tune into Fox?  Oh, forgot, Lindsey. It's all you.
You will of course discuss the urgency of getting a special prosecutor for #trumprussia.  Or maybe election hacking not important to you.
My condolences
no thanks. I try to avoid organizations that provide cover for sexual harassers.
No you only like men like Bill Clinton who rape women instead.  Now go sit down, put your vagina hat on, and wipe those snot bubbles. Smh
@FoxNews is not a program watched in my household. How could I watch it when it's so far up @realDonaldTrump's butt?
Why so dedicated to @FoxNews? Can't handle a more reputable news outlet 
Why not real news?
Why Fox News? Fox News is the worst.
#FakeNewsMedia
Lmao
#fakenews
No way! Fox is no more than a televised version of the National Enquirer. Do you job/investigate Trump-Russia. Country over Party! Man up!
What about Flynn? Agent Orange's White House refuses to release info? .#TraitorInChief #Investigate We the people demand an investigation!
No thanks
I wouldn't watch that drivel.
Will not ever watch you on FOX. Will watch on MS networks.
With all due respect Mr Graham, you are going down the wrong path. Please dont accept Trump's BS.
I don't watch FOX, but please, Senator, it's time to insist and ensure that we have a full, ind. investigation into Russiagate. #patriotism
You know you don't have to say everything twice, right? Have you been hanging with Trump too much?
Are they still running?
You mean that "Fake News" channel??
Thanks, but I'm busy watching the real news...
Investigate Trump Now!!!
Ya did great!!! I like you so much better when you're not attached to McCain. You mind is more on track when independent
Hell no.
Why would you?
You should hold yourself to a higher standard
you all might want to chat about your presidents grasp of geography
Out of which side of your mouth.
Starting a war was his plan all along.
Why? Just same old BS; the only thing most Americans care about is whether there r traitors in WH. Until u deal w/that, nothing will happen
No attack on #NorthKorea & when will @GOP and you insist on a full and nonpartisan investigation into #Trumprussia ? Does @GOP care abt US?
unless its about russian ties to trump,  then move along.
Naaaaahhhhh we're good
Pleased that your committee will move ahead on Russia. Sounds like dinner meeting with @POTUS went well too. #peachcobblerbestdessertever
Bring up the rampant sexism, please.
Watch Faux News where they perpetuate lies? Ha! You must think we're stupid.
You have divided the nation by not effectively pursuing the Russian hack of our election and ramming Gorsuch through. I'm not sure any Trump
Action in North Korea is even in America's best interest, not playing into the Russian hands, and since you still support Trump, you can't
be trusted either.
Seriously, Fox News the place of sexual harassment ...
It's going to be good Great when you loose your seat. !!
it would be nice if you gave two cents about America losing our democracy. Maybe your all in with Russia too
No thanks. I've lost all faith in you.
Country before Party, Senator. If ther's no country, your party is useless.
Do not get tempted by the thrill of using our military to egg on N Korea. These are human lives at risk. Real lives and money
Don't do Fox News...
Where do we send our condolences?
All talk, No action when you vote with 45.
Trump has incited violence in the world, he is compromised by Russia, he has no morals or ethics, he has to go now!!! #russiagate #impeach
If dhe is a hon, are you a pun? Done
remember the war of 1812, USA picked on Canada - White House got burnt down. Not watching Fox now or ever!
Nope, not unless you are changing your tune and standing up to Trump and his Russian involvement! #CountryOverParty
I'm sorry.
Ask them if they've figured out the difference between the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution yet.
Um. No.
Ask them who hasn't been sued for sexual harassment.
LOL
Who watches fox anymore?  Certainly not women.  But go ahead and promote it...  maybe your base will show up.
Fox news time https://youtu.be/i4QSkKkKQZ4 
  @LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews
FUND OUR WALL OR GET OUT SENATOR.
no wall.
Impeach#resist#stopthetrumpmachine#
