Republicans need to protect America and quit protecting this Bafoon of a President. WAKE UP.
You could be the hero of your party. Country first
You lied to the American public. You said there is no investigating into Trump & his collusion. Correct the record!
Most dangerous place in America. Between lindsey graham and a camera.
Have you and John McCain now turned against Trump?
VERT sad that you are obstructing justice and not recommending a special prosecutor! You are as complicit as Trump looking the other way
We are counting on you , Sir.
"Trump is endangering our security"

3 Russian intel agency heads come visit the US, nobody knows why and this isn't a topic of discussion on news channels.
No Robin, citizens want, deserve and demand the truth. Go to Russia if you do not!
Your a RHINO buddy an embarrassment to conservatism.  Your ego is bigger then life, just admit it, your a DIMM!
You want proof of collusion with Russia, start with Trumps ties to Blackstone and Bayrock. Follow the money.
you looked pretty uncomfortable at points during the interview - get straight with yourself - set your party and McConnell straight
You did a good job. Thanks.

.@LindseyGrahamSC, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference 
Trump himself connected Comey firing decision to Russia on NBC. I know you see he's trying to obstruct justice #IndependentInvestigation
Thank you for your honesty!! You sir make sense to me!! I could actually vote and campaign for you!
I'll keep calling you every day! #SpecialProsecutor #Trumprussia #CountryOverParty #patriotism #truth
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR NOW!
Careful what you wish for!  #nobama would go down. U know that?
Wherever an independent investigation leads is fine by me! Just want the truth. Should not be partisan #IndependentInvestigation
History is watching you, Senator. Time to decide what is more important, country or party.
Impeach him now!
Have you apologized to fellow candidates & country for lying to us?
I believe Trump lied about tapes.  This administration is known for alternative facts
No thanks.
Thank you for your honesty. You have shown courage like senator John McCain has.
Just switch political parties already.
Isn't obstruction of justice a reason for Impeachment? It's time to dust off section 4 of the 25th Amendment! We're not safe with Trump! SAD
Where's your backbone @LindseyGrahamSC This country needs answers about #TrumpRussia Why not have a special prosecutor? Why?!?
Special prosecutor, please. With subpoena power.
His behavior is that of one that's guilty. Can't deny that!
Graham is ALL Hot Air.

Lindsey likes to talk Tough but EVERY TIME it comes to the Vote concerning Trump he says the same thing
#TrumpRussia
Great interview. The people are becoming impatient and distrustful of the Legislature but in the end, only Congress can act if required.
Let's be real. If you are 1000% sure #FSB hacked Clinton, you have NO CLUE whether it changed outcome of election. #TrumpRussia #RNC
May 14th 2017 Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina,  @MeetThePress ; Armed Services Committee
Trump is killing the soul of our country with hate ,lies and is a wannabe dictator ..There is a Blue wave coming
Obstructionist / Democrats sure hate Law and Order and the Constitution
I find I can no longer listen to you, you have disappointed me for the last time. No faith in you.
Please stand for the rule of law!
Grow a pair, please.
Extremely disappointed with your trumpcare vote you obviously opted for party and not your constituents
you spend too much time in Clemson #gogamecocks
Senator, regardless of target/no target, you know the man is a dangerous menace. Do something!!!!
C'mon Senator, country before party. Quit hanging on to Trump's coat tails and be your own man. You know he'a an ass.
How much longer are you and @SenJohnMcCain going to allow the madman in the WH separate and destroy our Nation? Our Nation need you both now
Rep Mike Rogers is the most common sense choice with the state of our Parties and citizens? Special Cousel 4 visible crimes, known to all?
PLEASE FIND YOUR NADS BEFOREHAND, senator. You can win so bigly if you stand up to the bully.
We desperately need honorable GoP senators to stand up to the President and get to the bottom of this.
Will you be admitting you are OWNED by McConnell? He is a cancer on America & Trump is an embarrassment!
"These are not normal circumstances."
we will! And we expect to hear about Comey's firing and #Trumprussia
@LindseyGrahamSC Hey Senator, how bad is it when WH won't send a rep for @FoxNewsSunday. How long will you continue to follow him blindly
Put country before party sir like your friend John McCain
Are you going to man up or make excuses for Trump? Otherwise I'll pass.
Are u & McCain the ONLY f.. ing Republicans that are invited on Sunday shows ? Is there EVER a damn Republican invited on these shows.EVER
none are brace enough to come out now w/ the craziness this president is spouting!
I'd rather shoot my self than watch chucky

Announce you are running for President in 2018
Do the right thing, Senator, stand up for country. Start talking about impeaching. You know DT is a criminal. ACT ON IT. History is watching
Hey have you seen this?
Sen Graham, the American people deserve the truth. #SpecialProsecutor
Where?
