I'm still in shock that you are even considering opening up investigation into Hillary emails. Are you not covered in enough BS with Trump?
Step away from Fox News. Talk to someone else.
You said investigations should focus on HRC emails n not Trump/Russkies?But her EMAILS 
Guess u r compromised too Comrade. Good luck.RICO!
The whacko Dems R your piers, practically all lawyers, let's shout back!  Stand up 4 our President.  Make sure they go back thru Hill emails
Of course you are. Have you ever spoken to another news source?
Now you're back on Hillary's emails... I think it's a new low, Senator. One of the silliest statements I've ever heard.
I don't watch them , fox won't hear the truth , they are weak minded idiots , if DT shot a man on tv , fox would say Dem used fake blood.
lately I have been a fan of yours, but at face value this tweet seems unethical promotion for fox.
The failing Fox News?
Fox News finished far and above its competition in the ratings for the first quarter of 2017,
Fox News: Did Trump shit on your bed since he's under a lot of stress?
You: Why yes, he did, so we should investigate HRC's emails again. 
Demand an independent investigation now. #IndependentInvestigation #independentcounsel #Trumprussia
Democracy now is the only true media out there I dare you to go on democracy now !
Nope. Fox is biased.
Unlike CNN
At least CNN has Trump mouthpieces on. Fox would never let a Dem come defend Obama.
If you ever watched Fox you would know they have DNC mouth pieces
Who?
So you tell me who supports Trump at CNN?
that blonde 25 year old. Gin and Tonic or Kaley or something is her name...
No Joe...we need LAWMAN, not LAWYER, and younger
Republican congress is letting down supporters.  Rep Congress has to step up it's mean factor.  You have to get angry over this crucifixion
Nah. Not a real news channel.
Cant fucking wait 
They need to change the name from Fox@News to Redneck News
Maybe you should tell Fox News when DT tweeted that "My Supporters would believe the earth was flat if Fox said so" DT say his voters r dum
You're supposed to say "enjoy!"
Nah
You can't drop a word like criminal and not be specific.  Fake news will wall paper the internet with innuendo.
Curious, you were the only senator who mentioned a criminal investigation?  Important 2 specify, investigation of Flynn, not President Trump
Announcing that you are running for President in 2018?
Sorry I don't watch Fake News...
Never will tune in to Fox News. Why do you appear on fake news channel?
No thanks! I'll catch you next time on another network.
Sorry. Like you a lot. But never watch the trash in Fox News. Never.
Continueing the act of NOT GETTING THINGS DONE!
Fox News, where truth goes to die.
You were so close to gaining the respect of real patriots. Please stay in the here and now -- investigations into THIS administration.
Please, STAND UP!  Don't feel powerless against the left, STAND UP!
They should tear you a new a$$hole.
HELL NO! I don;t know who is WORSE - YOU or McCain?! YOU BOTH SUCK! I can't believe SC voted you back into @SenateGOP - U R PART of PROBLEM!
I would never ever watch fox !
Impeach your emperor
Please don't defend him and ruin your career. Use your good common sense!
Not on Fox
Announcing your resignation?
I heard you and want your continued support for the investigation.
I am sure that will be challenging.
i CAN'T NOT FAUX NEWS SORRY..
You are a TRAITOR to the American people.Trump better get things thru orthe same American people who put him there will come for YOU!!
You mean State Run Media Fux? The propaganda specialist? Every time a politician goes on Fux they lose so much credibility.
No thanks, I don't watch garbage.
we know what special counsel means, also prevents GOP and DT MONKEY BUSINESS !
Why doesn't Trump grab Graham - because he certainly is a pussy.
No thanks.
Sorry but I do not watch FOX
Grow a set Lindsey . Say what a douche bag trump is
You are so self-important...
Sounds about right .... lying on liar chanel
Excellent comment on protecting our military in Syria and other areas where they are in harms way.
nope, won't watch Fox, there's a reason for their ominous drop in ratings, reflecting the way the majority of Americans feel.
Please be harsher on Trump et al than you have been. The GOP is being destroyed
People don't trust U republicans or fox news anymore. Go blow it somewhere else. Republicans are untrustworthy
about chris Cornell suicide? Ailes?
why?????

So?
You are on Fox discussing Clinton's emails when Trump and his flunkies are under multiple investigations, including some criminal.  ENOUGH.
No
.Did you REALLY just say let's get back to HRC emails? History is watching you.
We're the air strikes in Syria to bump trumps Poll numbers ?
I don't consider @FoxNews to be reliable & took it off our cable box years ago, please consider a wider variety of media outlets!
No thanks! Your part of the swamp!
I saw - glad to see someone in Republican Party going after Obama's DOJ!  You and Gowdy manning up!!!  Love it!
But But But ....Her emails
Hard pass.
We've heard Lindsey. Get on with it.
Perhaps you can tell the American people how much money was wasted on this bogus Russian investigation to date. #TermLimits #MAGA #Dobbs
Why you not paying attention investigation someone stopped  DC police about Seth Rich murder Rob Wheeler Ex-DCMetro investigator  get truth
Thank you for sounding reasonable. If u have the chance, ask #Comey if he'll judge Trump on his #INTENT. If it was good enough 4 Hillary...
Well, considering Trumps intent is to be king and run America into the ground...
Please remind @FoxNews what American democracy is. Always appreciate your perspective @LindseyGrahamSC Thank You.  #USA
Hope your committee will continue election investigation. Trust you to find out Clinton, DNC, DOJ connection.
You going to join your comrads in arms (AKA Democrats) and dump on @POTUS
Russia undermined our election and POTUS invited them to our WhiteHouse under guise of fighting #ISIS, laughed with them while Putin smiled
To Fox? Nah.
Congrats!!! You sounded like you grew a pair and are DEFENDING America's President and SPEAKING up about the CLINTONS 
Make Sure it's not just TALK !!! WE ALL (Legal Americans) are counting on YOU !!! 
Please tell Trump to stop tweeting!
Please speak with reputable media sources as well.
Sorry Lindsay wont watch them. Stopped watching them back when I voted Republican. I blame them for this mess were in.
I do too
Never EVER watch Fox News!
When is there going to be an investigating on U Senate Graham?
Troll/bot. Block.
Sir, stand up against the lies. You keep earning my respect then losing it. THIS IS NOT NORMAL
We don't want want to hear any more "Just joking!" BS out of the GOP. We don't find #treason & #collusion funny. 

#TrumpRussiaGOP
But it was fine when Obama & Clinton did it - right? #SelectiveOutrage #LiberalHypocrisy
lol...fox? no thanks...
Lies and then more lies
Why don't you put an end to Faux News by calling them what they are: Race-Baiters & Liars?
See you in your suit. Come on, LG, #CountryOverParty Be the man. You called 45 a nutjob early on. You know he is.
Why speak to an enemy of the Republic running interference for Putin? No other way to describe @FoxNews
Try not to run down your R president. I know that's difficult for you, Lindsey.
I don't listen to LG
All aboard!!!
Awww you gonna come to the aide of #TraitorTrump sorry, I'd rather poke my eyeballs out with a rusty nail. You're a joke.
You need to convert more GOP to press Trump administration...
If you don't take ownership now and do the right think, you're going to need investigating yourself very soon..!
Let me guess, you support the airstrike on Syrian army and you want more of it and you want to arm the islamists
I don't watch Fox news for the same reason I don't drink dirty toilet water sincerely, a constituent
I watch to see what kind of nonsense they feed the part of the country that lap it up like milk. I can usually on take 5-10 mins at a time.
About strike in Syria?

Or arresting Flynn?
About Trumps impeachment??
How about the rest of the GOP?
The president is a Russian puppet, but he just blew things up in the middle east, and that's really swell.
No thanks
I bet Fox News will just ask you about the Seth Rich murder. Fox has gone off the deep end into derangement this week.
