I remember 2013 when Obama was threatened with impeachment if he acted without congress.
That's okay You people want him Impeached for Russia collusion that doesnt even exist.
You people? Ingenious.
Pussyhat paraders and violent mask wearing rioters...lol
I never got my pussy hat!
Rock n Roll over Country!
Always!!!
lol
Assad won't be able to launch chemical strikes on children from that airbase anymore, good. The world can't stand by & watch that.
Wrong!!! They hit one tiny little base. After talking to Putin .
That was the base that launched the attack. And incidentally I agree with you about the notification. Still glad they took out the field.
Me too!!! But let's take out any capacity to do what they did to these children
Totally agree. That's going to take Congress but I think it will happen.
Children they are banning from coming to the US and running from this war torn country.
Millions of people saw those children on TV and grieved. It'll shift.
Let's hope. Most countries are helping them. Just not ours. It stopped when Obama left office.
McMaster will get us to war!
What about the GOP's strike on the US government today???
Absolutely!!!!
Who are we fighting over there? Assad? Isis? How does attacking Assad defeat Isis?
NO WAR!
You arent criminal boy and girl going to Nuremberg ! boy Mac Cain, Girl Lyndsey Graham going to HELL
You two are the biggest threat to humanity on this planet. You will stop at nothing to attack the Russian people and incite war. Shame!
Did y'all cuddle after you drafted it?
I just threw up in my mouth
Fuck this statement. Stop blaming Obama! Congress denied him!
Your amnesia is staggering. You told Obama (“the previous administration”) no to strikes and applaud Trump when he didn’t even bother asking your approval. Please explain the difference.
Strong first steps? Don't forget: "I think Donald Trump is going to places..and I'm not going with him."
Lindsey, Trump is dangerous & U know it. He must go! Please help 2 save America. STOP supporting him. We R losing CONTROL & REASON daily. 
u know the lives of every sailor on those shipswas endangered by warning 2 hrs ahead, Russ knew coordinates
did minimal  please explain. Russian jets in open not hit. RUSSIANS warned. Pres will u missles whenever
Distraction much? #Trumprussia
You are a war criminal. You will pay.
Hi guys, fuck you for telling us we should be complicit in ANY of this. Syria knew about the attack; this was egocentric smoke+mirrors.
You go girl, no lack of openness from you I like it!
and once again the @GOP tries to drag the nation into another war because it has no clue how fix stuff at home. Time to fix #Gerrymandering
Hypocrites!! I have NO respect for man that uses our enemies to gain power, even less for 1 that knows it, allows it & uses it 4 his gain!
Crazy! This is not in the best interest of the American people, and you're hypocrites! Easy sending ppl to war from behind desks!!
You two both need to go. Someone needs to take you out...#NWOstooges
#NWOminions
MI Gov crossed red lines by poisoning innocents in Flint to help private industry. Perhaps DJT should bomb airports in the state as well?
You two have demanding another war in the Middle East for years. How did the last 2 go?  Oh that's right we are still there.
Sen Graham I guess you are about the only Republican I trust or at least My Favorite, I trust you to advocate for all the people!
You both had a chance to stand up for America and democracy today and you both failed. Shame on you both.
They have no shame. It's the republican way
Get the approval of congress and see how many run from another war.
Too bad these respectable senators fell for this desperate move to take attention away from much more important issues D. Trump is skirting.
MORE ABOUT SAFE ZONES...... when.. 
Is mccain gonna stay there and be their leader> ?
You voted to ban Muslims - like Syrian refugees - from this country. You have ZERO MORAL CREDIBILITY. SHAME ON YOU and you also are awful.
Assad has been stung by a flea (Trump) and Trump thinks he has really done the job!  Remember Reagan's Beirut fiasco; 241 US military killed
Thank you for your support of the people of #Syria and #Iran
Mullahs of Iran should be expelled from the Middle East return to peace
Lindsay Graham and John McCain never find a war they don't like. 
Nor a nice set of frocks and panties to wear when they are alone.
Yep, hawks gonna hawk.  Remind me again who's sons and daughters will be filling those boots and bags?
Did you know that when you have your account locked nobody can read your tweets except people who follow you?
Thank you,Caroline.  I'd forgotten I was set up that way. 
Get rid of Iranian presence from the area, then all will feel peace. Putin is hiding behind Iran and its gangs!!
You two are both lemmings!  All of a sudden the POTUS is a leader because he made a uni move on Syria?  He's like Reagan?  Help me on this??
You salute their skill and professionalism? They didn't HIT anything.  This was a PR stunt, plain and simple.
you war criminals and Neo Con Zionists! Shame on you...shame! God will judge you accordingly.
Thank you for this wise decision!
He should have had the senate approval!!!!  Get off it!  I was starting to respect you, NOT now!
Guess you are going to the Bildeberg meeting again soon with mc Cain and little Marco in tow this time. You are tutoring him well warmonger
Obama tried to do something and was FORBIDDEN BY  Congress.  Those dead people are on your hands.
How can u say Trump is like Reagan after he called John McCain a coward?!?!?!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zGEc-CMsrQs …. IS THIS TRUE? Why do you want ASSAD OUTED ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUhe87r5bEE&sns=tw … tell us if this is TRUE! PLEASE
This is only to take away attention from Russiagate. We still deserve the truth. You caved to corps by voting for Gorsuch. Dont blow it now
The statement should read "We want war, Syria is in the way of our NWO agenda. We don't represent poor people anywhere in the world." #True
You treacherous snakes. Obama went to Congress asking for action on syria. Like everything else he proposed, you denied.
@maddow Hearing press assess #Trump "clear a visual learner, watched gassing tragedy & acted" - 70yo! When r we busting out coloring books!
@maddow 2/2 #Trump's 9-yr old ego with words like Reagan-esq is laughable; look how far lowered the bar for POTUS standard for this buffoon
Lindsey, I could  visualize Reagan turning  somersaults in his grave when you compared Trump to him! Really?
"Unlike the previous administration" is complete BS and you know it. You should be ashamed of yourselves
It didn't change anything! City hit again! The 2 I thought would keep us safe are now in love with Trump!
You have lost all credibility pushing this publicity stunt & wasted money. Are you falling inline to be another Trump mouthpiece #DoYourJob
feckless use of military that accomplishes nothing. no policy
Yeah right it is all about the children #TrumpRussia
You suck. That's all. #Disappointment.
Your sob story about Trump's change of heart? Yeah, total bull.
@TuckerCarlson 
Engagement in 3rd world countries is what creates enemies of the U.S.  Border security is national security.
TRUMPF'S SYRIA "ACTION" WAS AN "ACT"; PART OF A SCRIPT TO BRING HIS POLLS UP!  YOU, SENATOR, FELL FOR IT!  YOUR COMMENTS WERE TOO SILLY!
Investigate Rothschild/Trump/Gerasimov. #FireBannon
Truth U performed illegal act according 2 our constitution Syria did NOT  attack US You need Congressional approval No damage done 2 Syria
I am no Reaganite but to imply Trumpf is Reaganesque is a ridiculous claim. Senator, you crapped & fell back in it with those words.
Trumpf's "wag the dog action" equaled minimal damage to Syria's airbase. Assad's jets took off to attack innocent Syrians in hours! WOW!
This Syrian action-first to last-was planned/choreographed by rasPutin to allow his puppet, Prez DJT, to right his sinking White House ship.
You are supporting the "strike" on an empty airfield?  NOW you want to support Trump?  What is wrong with you?
Did it not occur to you that Trump is dangerously impulsive?  Diversion from his Russian connection.  Trump cares about Trump.
You look foolish.  You were there is 2013 and know Obama went to congress, the legal way, and was told no.  You are to blame for red Line
This was staged  Russia knew, items damaged were salvaged items. Deflection is a Trump move since day one! Smoke screen, Mirage! We see you.
This is nonsense. They knew we were coming. Houses and civilians where hit according to Syrian news.  Mostly children.
IT WAS NOT SARIN GAS!!  It was a choking agent not nerve agent!  FALSE FLAG!  All lies Graham & McCain and you know it!
Or was that the one where 7 years were wasted trying to repeal the AHCA? Or the one where every effort was used to block progress.
Unlike the previous administration? You mean the one where you (republicans) spent the entire first four years on trying make it a one term.
..Quit lying. Obama requested authorization in re missile strikes but was denied by Congress..
Weren't you both against bombing Syria when Obama was President? I was beginning to think both of U were true Patriots not so sure now!
your friendship is a do or die. Off the sanity cliff that is! #Trumprussia
You want to train and aid "opposition" to Assad. You failed to mention the "opposition" to Assad is aligned with Al Queda and Al Nusra.
Your lies are so visible.your record is abysmal.US needs to get rid of you and Mcain not Assad .
So many lies in this statement.Assad is supported by Syrians so why US responsibility to replace him? To bankrupt US while bankers profit ?
You both have forfeited any credibility on this subject. Pls resign.
I know!  Smart?  More like Pawn for Russia.
It is dangerous for you to praise a narcissist for military action. Checks & balances by Congress please.
Comparing trump to Reagan? Really? Wow. Craziness. Btw, what was your statement back in 2013 in ref to Syria killing 1400 ?
HE TOLD PUTIN WHAT HE WAS DOING BUT NOT HIS OWN CONGRESS!!!!!
Your hypocrisy is unbelievable!
Unlike previous administrations Trump bombed a country without congress approval! Don't praise ignorance
You compared Trump to Reagan? You're as senile as he was.
Please stop being hypocrites.
There is NO reason to stand behind trump. We need to stand UP to him
“I am uncomfortable with signaling political intent with military power.”  ---  General Barry McCaffrey You 2 should know better!  SAD!
We love you guys because you care Gbyou
Why indulge in such pettiness in times of war & peace by implying that our previous leaders were not confronting our enemies? Not helpful.
Stop praising #Trump for this. He was against it in 2013 and anything he decides is about him. His actions are guided by ulterior motives.
How come you don't join the military Graham???  Too big of a wuss!!  Fight your own war!
More dead babies bcuz of #SyrianStrike. I guess u 2 are orgasmic!?? Slimy Dirtbags!  You make me sick!!!
Why the hell are you talking about isis in Syria etc.? when they are right here in the US and you know damn well where the mosques are too !
You made a fool of yourself saying trump is http://smart.you  totally missed Putin and trump's scheme. P.S. 4 children killed.
He doesn't care, it's all in the poll numbers, the praise, the power. Nothing more @realDonaldTrump
Your praise 4 this ridiculous action makes me want to vomit! Blowing smoke up Trump's posterior, won't make him a better man or POTUS!!!!!
#SociopathTrump is Ronald Reagan, according to Lindsey Graham. #TrumpWhiteNationalistParty
OMG...saying Trump has the instincts of Reagan...LOL!!!  They both had & have Alzheimer's.
LOL, are you kidding me?  So the distraction works.
Why didn't Congress authorized Obama wanting to do the same thing in 2013 when he came to Congress?Maybe that would have stopped this attack
Does your collective situational ethics, hypocrisy and power-lust ever just make you stop and ponder what you have become? It should.
Isn't it weird how before you decided to not hate Trump, you were blasting Obama for seeking Congressional approval to bomb Syria? (1)
Warplanes took off from an air base hit by #SyriaStrikes today, though Trump hopes he still destroyed his main target, the Russia scandal.
this was a RUSE Trump's REICHSTAG and YOU TWO FELL FOR IT! HE called Putin First for targets ...GET A CLUE!
lindsey, you and your boyfriend need to lace your boots up and get to syria. you are needed there, you aren't even wanted here.
I'm really starting to question your judgment, @LindseyGrahamSC - and I'm looking forward to airing my concerns with fellow #SC voters.
#SyriaStrike will prove 2B big mistake. Expect Putin/Assad retaliation causing WWIII. Bad knee-jerk reaction by @POTUS with no real strategy
Well how do you feel this PM about your statement? 24 hours later and and assad is using the very same airfield to launch attacks.
So what was your opposition to Obama .. what that he had plan or that he came to congress like it was constitutionally right ???
Feels like you had another problem with him....
Don't give up Russia investigation and don't blame Obama! Advise and consent  is American.DO NOT be distracted from Russiagate. Still flying
.
What happened? You seemed more reasonable a couple of weeks ago. #ProtectOurDemocracy #PutinsPuppet
Come on! You know Trump benefits Trump. This was an opportunity to move the news away from Russia! But we are lazer focused
Love the way you compared Trump to Regan. He's no Ronald Regan He's a tweeting liar. Today all singing his praises. TrumpRussia Don't forget
Shame on you & McCain. Most likely a con. Russia was informed. The air fields evacuated. Congress not notified. Use brains.
So, no need to consult Congress, but imperative to contact Russia? Hmmm
Hypocrisy
You guys are all over the map. Must need a few rounds of golf.
Trump drops missiles & Graham & McCain are in LOVE.
No American Boots in the ground there. No more regime changes in the Middle East! #stopit
Why do you make statements as twinsies?
Cause you voted on war powers under Obama right?
The previous administration was blocked by the GOP. you know that yet you keep saying the lack of action.Lie
I thought you two had seen the false light on this POTUS*. @BarackObama asked for approval--you denied it. P.S. It's illegal. #ImpeachTrump
Quick reminder: In 2013, when sarin gas attack left more than 1.4K dead, 183 Republicans were against bombing. Only 12 were for. #a-holes
And now all Trumpians will say he can't be Putin's puppet because he bombed Putin's ally in 3-2-1. #LindseyIsACoward and #McCainIsToOld
He called and asked Putin's permission before he talked to congress and you idiots congratulate him. You're lazy cowards and traitors.
Funny how republicans opposed military action in Syria under Obama, but now they're patting Trump's back after backing his decision.
GOP sees "beautiful baby" corpses on shore & responds by REJECTING refugees. Now a show 4 DUPES & here comes Miss Lindsey playing her part
pathetic cowards. Remember when Obama wanted to do the constitutional thing and get congressional approval?
Dear D, 
Glad Lindsey doesn't remember that time he & John told Obama they couldn't support an isolated military strike on Syria. #hypocrit
What's going on with #Russia ?  That's what we are deeply interested in.   attacked our #elections why are we not seeing independent inquiry
Do you salute the fact that our President notified Russia about attacks before you
ANGRY ANGRY ANGRY these hypocrites McCain graham trump all against Syrian attack in 13
Thoughts on Potus on multiple occasions blasting Obama and warning NOT to attack Syria? Hypocrite
2013 same situation obama took right cours and asked congress but denied ---- and trumps statements were we should never get involved
We never rally around this is another deflection against TRUMP-RUSSIA gave Syria and Russia advance warning
McCain and graham total hypocrites they have tough talk about TRUMP and vote against seeing TRUMPS TAX returns
Let's not let McCain and graham off hook they keep saying they going to hold trump accountable and they vote against tax returns
So why did Trump give Putin a heads up, (but not his own Congress) who I am sure gave Assad the heads up so they bombed a deserted place.
MISSION FAILURE: US struck base deliberately avoided destroying chem weaps/killing crews. Warned Ru/Sy. Message?.#SyriaStrikes
Thank you. Does Prez agree with your plan?
You really like the idea of Americans dying to secure Israel's borders.
Retaliating by killing more children with no proof who did the gas attack - You all belong into JAIL - WW 3
Hey you fearless and staunch defenders of the republic I don't see where you mentioned voting against this same action when Obama was Pres
Hey guys, what was your vote when the previous administration went to vote on this? you like to forget a lot of things but we don't forget!
It's ok for Trump but not Obama, eh? I just- this is bizarre.
No.  Trump coordination with Putin=Trump coordination with Assad.  TLAM's hitting an empty airfield is political grandstanding.
Here's the deal: You and your other idiotic syndicate blocked Obama from striking on Syria. A simple Google search would tell someone that.
I guess you guys forgot when Obama sought congressional permission to attack Syria for a nerve gas attack and the Republicans said no...
"Unlike the previous administration" who wanted to launch a strike, but 183 Republicans in Congress wouldn't vote for it...
