.@LindseyGrahamSC Why don't you work with democrats (yes, even the ones who are women) and fix the parts that are broken? #GrowUp
HAVE THE DEMS EVEN OFFERED A ALT PLAN ???
They don't want an alternative plan. They want to FIX the ACA.
ok then Fix it how ??
Are you asking how I would fix it or are you asking how they would fix it?
u and Dems

what the heck happens to Medicare/Medicaid taxes on your paycheck go, and the $$ in the acct in it go ??
Why are you playing politics with people's lives?
Dems have offered no alternative
Everyone in Congress knows how to stabilize ACA. CSR commitment, high risk pool stabilization, medicaid expansion in states that didn't.
April 7 USA Today said 2 Reps are proposing something about high risk pools , Palmer from Bama and Schweikert from Zona
It was to create it's own pool, in effect killing the high risk market. I'm a health advocate, I know this fairly backwards and forwards.
When GOP says “the worst is yet to come with Obamacare” what they mean is, “we are going to sabotage it out of spite."
I like you. However- why let it collapse? Maybe just fix it?
Dems have offered no alternative ....
Have the Dems even offered a alternative ??
Does not even go along with Grahams statement passing a bad bill is a bad idea. This is even worse and irresponsible
Honestly the ACA greatest problem for GOP is its nickname, Obamacare.
WTF!
Medicare Is Not “Bankrupt” (via @Pocket) https://pocket.co/sMFfLY 
Kansas Republicans Just Defied Donald Trump and Voted to Expand Medicaid (via @Pocket)
Lindsey offer New Plan.   F*ck the poor.  Support us dandy rich white folks....

Republicans call Obamacare a failure. Charts show couldn't be more wrong (via @Pocket) #longreads https://pocket.co/sMFfX_ 
Your choice of words and the idea you connote is despicable. Shame on you.
Agreed!! Let it go down the tubes.
letting the ACA collapse is politically wise, but it is not the HUMAN thing to do. I thought you were better than that!
We offer a new plan.... Vote GOP out of office and replace
@BooRadleyHere @dcexaminer I expect better from you sir.approach dems. Work hard to improve. Come on now.
Use the Medicare system that is in place now. Legislate to make this happen. Also, legislate an impeachment soon please.
rooting for failure is neither good policy nor politics.
Amen! It's ugly & suggests he cares little about the American people.
I think he cares about the American People, but this is no way to show it.
I thought so, but his words suggest otherwise.
WTF has happened to the GOP? You guys gotta go. And PS, we'll blame the party in power...but nice try.
Be a leader. Offer a path forward. Waiting for disaster is not what leaders do.
I can't say that I respect someone that is willing to risk lives for a political victory. What the hell are you thinking?
Are you okay with my mom who is a 60yo widow paying 5x as much for insurance, dying due to  no affordability?
wow how cruel can you be
"Collapse and replace" is a catchy phrase to you who has health insurance via FEHBP. Don't wish for us others to have none.
I'm really sorry you only know how to oppose and break things instead of actually make something better for ppl.
Contrary to your misinformation, Obamacare inot collapsing. It merely needs more $ and a stronger mandate. Try improving it
You had 7 years to make a healthcare plan & failed. Just admit that the GOP could care less if people have cov.
Almost thought you had integrity. You're just as deplorable as Trump and his thugs. #CollapseAndReplace the #GOP in 2018
You've had 7 years to develop a plan...
#pettyGOP if you love country so much, why don't you try to fix and repair it? Patriots don't really think that way...
"Collapse and replace", @LindseyGrahamSC ?
Sounds like the future of the #Trump Administration, babe.
You are a traitor to the American
people. Repair the ACA and help America!! @HillaryClinton
how about medicare 4 all? health care is a human right & not a product that generates profits. do we have no morals or values as a Nation
SHUT UP AND LISTEN! We don't want Gorsuch! Period! Trump is under investigation! What's the desperate hurry!
@CarolynnHagstr1  translation After 7 years of BS I still have no idea what to do
We don't want a Traitor Picking A SUPREME COURT NOMPERIOD! We will stop the GOP WAR ON THE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE#PURGE GOP18
Wake Up Graham The People R Telling u what they want The ACA IS THE LAW OF THE LAND MAKE IT BETTER OR GET VOTED OUT!
@CNN @MSNBC @GOPLeader @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @Reince @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Rs bullied Ds last 8yrs. Enough!
@GOP is like a high-school kid who had all semester to finish project, but didn't, so hope for a snowstorm the day its due.
@SharonJ44257163 @LindseyGrahamSC @Pocket @USATODAY We need #SinglePayer.
Pulling Obamacare enrollment ads will make the poor suffer as you have no better ideas despite 7 yrs to come up with a plan
Shame on you. SHAME. Instead of taking the time to put together a well-thought out plan the @GOP now hopes for disaster?
.@LindseyGrahamSC #CollapseandReplace should be the slogan for the whole GOP. Good luck in the next elections! ;)
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why on earth wouldn't you make it better instead of rooting for collapse? #KeepAndShoreUp @DavidCornDC @ezraklein
dont you think thats irresponsible. People lives hang in the balance. Fix what  we have .
can't you just say "Obamacare served it's purpose at the time but it's not good enough.  We'll make it better.
I'm very disappointed in you. So sad to hear that you more about the Republican Party than your country & its constituents.
Instead of waiting for ObamaCare to collapse, you could DO YOUR JOB and WORK to fix it? Make life better for Americans?
How DARE you suggest you're going to sit around waiting for ObamaCare to collapse. I suppose healthcare is a game to you...
Great job Senator.  Why aren't you invested in a solution for the American people and not the insurance companies?
That is not a plan. That is an immoral cop out that allows Americans to suffer.
you have had seven years to fix the problems and done nothing but sit on your hands. Time to look for a new job
no thank you
how bad would it be if Obamacare collapses? Would we be broke? I think Humiliation to  Congress or scolding.
this guy needs to go! Come on SC. Let it collapse before replacing? Awesome plan Senator..
meanwhile we pay for your Cadillac healthcare package.
Please try bipartisan fix 4 O'care.  Terrified of sabotage at poor's expense.  Wld b BIG LEAGUE win for R's.  #Lindseycare
This attitude is sad, and unfortunate. Why can't both parties work together to get this right? Get over yourselves!
The Insurance Co.'s #GOP will continue sabotaging just like Trump's Executive Order:
that's no way to govern, where are the #GOP leadership skills? The American people are watching n WILL HOLD U ACCOUNTABLE!
You flip Flop, Flip Flop, You know Trump is Guilty. And you support Gorsuch..
so your solution is to continue to be incompetent? 

I'm sure it'll work out for you and the rest of the governing party!
Graham says "Americans Will be paying 4 my Govt care While they are dying. So its all good"
instead of trying to help Americans you are going to hope for health care anarchy, then gloat about it being the Dems fault
Your new plan is in effect to sabotage a health care program for the people. And we keep witnessing new lows.
@GOP already proved it doesn't know how to replace.  Let it collapse and it's your failure #countryoverparty #forthepeople
Come on and suck it up for those in need!
do you really want to just let health care collapse around people who need care and have no power? To prove a point?
Collapse and replace is neither a policy nor a sensible plan
wow, is this just so that (D)s get the credit or what?  This is why i changed from a D to an R.
if you keep up this attitude u will remind us we don't like u.  U can bring more bipartisanship if u don't cave.
No! Why would you want that. Work together Dems and Repubs to make it work. Failure is not an option for Americans.
I'm very disappointed in you. Why not just have a bipartisan committee to fix what needs fixing? Seems spiteful.
Stop making this partisan and about Obama. Fix what needs fixing. Sick of GOP arrogance and ego.
How about looking into the Russian backed president..
No! Sit down with Democrats and fix it!!! What the hell is wrong with you people!!
"Collapse & replace" sounds like a great strategy for USA. Don't impeach Trump-Collapse & Replace!
lindsey graham is a walking piece of garbage. All he cares about is "winning"
you don't give a damn about looking out for the people who elected you, only about winning arguments with dems. Grow up.
yep, Republicans care only about money, power, & votes
Sen Graham: You're proud of this headline? Just when I think you have a soul you go and do this
Smh...instead why don't you bring in hospital & doctor office employees that handle insurance & talk about what would help
you had 7 years!
so you're excited about your constituents losing their healthcare? A+ representation
How about fix and make work, Senator? Ever think of that? Why watch our health care system fail? Oh, you have yours.
nah, the Republicans will screw up any and all opportunities to kill Obamacare.   Promise after promise and you blew it
.@LindseyGrahamSC how about fix existing? Make so plans cross state lines, create more open market. You'd be winners if you made ACA better!
- Lindsey getting too big for his pants. You need to park your butt in Seneca, SC and listen for a change?
YOU'RE PROUD OF THIS?
Both sides need to be honest. Insurance for sick or older people is too expensive for many/most. How do we support them?
Great Lindsay! You are a real patriot. Hope for/try to destroy healthcare for millions so you can say "I win"
If you "let" Obamacare collapse, we won't be any worse off than w the monstrosity that was Trump-RyanCare.
think about it. "We" may not be. But millions of others may
Good idea
disgraceful.
No More TrumpSpeak
History is watching you. Please stay focused on possible Trump/Russia collusion.
yeah now that it is off the table.  stand up for the country, not your hypocritical GOP!
you just lost my respect
why can't you come up with a plan that will pass? Rep are the majority. Just not able to?
not gonna work !! Dump obamas scam dump Ryan's scam dump the stupid thought of the fed running the plan
As a constituent I hope you create a better plan. Stop playing politics and govern! #ProtectOurCare @IndivisibleCHS
- since the Repubs are in majority, how about facilitating a bi-partisan effort with Dems to develop a solution
lord my man.  Stick to finding KGB in the WH.  THats what you gotta do.  that's actually America First
How about developing a real vision of healthcare that focuses on providing care for people's health while reducing costs.
people's lives are at stake but you'd rather play politics vs work in a bipartisan effort!? Be a hero not a zero. Sad!
Very sad how many Americans will suffer? - 7 years and no viable replacement solution at the ready -shame on the GOP.
Grow up. Do your job.

If ACA has problems:

Repair it.
Tweak it.
Improve it.
Bolster it.
Adjust it.
Tune it up. 
Enhance it.
Shore it up.
you are proud of this? What a soulless monster u are. I thought u were different but u fit right in this GOP.
You need to reach out to the other side of the aisle and work together. Do what is best for the whole country.
thanks for taking the high road. Maybe now we can have a serious debate on healthcare. Not just "repeal".
You want to sabotage the law and replace with what?
Why not try for the glory of SAVING the ACA? Obama didn't get it right? Tweak it. Fix it! SAVE your constituents healthcare
Lindsey Graham offers new Obamacare plan: 'Collapse and replace' 

http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/lindsey-graham-offers-new-obamacare-plan-collapse-and-replace/article/2617429 …
sure sounds like you are really fighting for the good of the American people
That seems like a spiteful, petty mentality to have. More concerned with your party WIN than the country .
and you sir along with it
what will be different then, took 7 years of bitching and complaining, how many more years you need? #GOPfailure
You agree with POTUS!
still not doing your job.  Repeal and replace congress.
we're going to notice if you continue to sabotage it, ok?
I have respect for you, until you do things like this. Why not restructure? Shameful.
no that is not a plan
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS
You have the House, the Senate and the Presidency. If you sit back and do nothing, you will be replaced
that is a sickening statement from someone who doesn't care about the American people. Ready to let people suffer! Shameful
that would be a disaster for Americans, surely better to work together to improve the ACA- Congress please!
What a stupid & childish comment.CBO analysis reports ACA works.It just needs to be reviewed, FIXED & supported
GOP is in charge of both branches. Any collapse is your fault. you own all the pain your craven actions & inactions cause
that sounds good for Americans.  Let it fail and then come to the rescue? Yikes
this is so obnoxious. Don't act like the GOP put forth a decent plan and the Dems were unreasonable
Let something fail that helps millions of Americans and then replace it w/ something that doesn't. #GOPCARE
Republicans have had 7 years to come up with a good plan for everyone, where is it?
It'll cost the GOP even more $$$ you should be ashamed of yourself.
yeah except letting it collapse hurts people.  I don't know why you would make such an idea public.
No, sir, obamacare won't collapse, just forcing tax payers pay more and more. You have no way to back to original.
@potus You are the losers. This failure was not cuz of dems. Because of intelligence! LOSERS!
Why do you have to let it collapse? For political points? If you REALLY care about people, FIX IT! Don't let it collapse!
Are you trying to prove Obama wrong? If yes you are doing it at the expense of the American people. Be above that please.
stop embarrassing South Carolina!
your my senator I'm watching you stop the crazy stuff fix the aca don't replace you and tray
Let me say what you actually mean "Lindsey Graham wants average Americans to die and become desperate so that he can win a political vote."
The ACA is the "law of the land." The GOP has control.  Fix what 53% of those polled want.  To let something collapse on
your watch is unethical.
plan is to sabotage ACA, make people suffer, force the collapse so that he can replace it. Very mature. Not petty at all.
he's my senator to I'm watching him
Me too!! And hopefully there are many others that will too!
yes sir
Come on - collapse and replace?  Now about dem's and rep's sit down and FIX
WR Senator, ACA not cost driver, lack of price controls and regulation is.  US per cap cost twice other western countries.
That is such a shit thing to say. How about you all work together to fix and make better what already works
obamacare needs some fixes.Why not just do the fixes so Americans can get on with their lives knowing they're covered?
it's called 'governing'
Best idea yet.  Get the tax reform done!!!!!
This is disgusting. Real people will die if you guys continue to govern out of spite.
The Affordable Care Act should have been  amendmended instead of repealed in the first place. I am from SC.
That should have said "amended". Sorry for the typo!
take a look at Thailand where they implemented Univ. Hlth Care in 2002. WE CAN DO THIS - greed not allowed anymore.
what a horrible thing to suggest!
With Single Payor?
Good idea...

@cspanwj #UniteBlue #NotMyPOTUS #humor
Come on, I am in the AARP. The bill sucked and you know it
- let's replace with fiscally conservative alternative - Single Payer. All covered at less cost with better outcomes 4 all
Agree use Medicare, delete Medicad use $$ to fund in Medicare.  Fed oversight State run the program.
- plus no waste of dollars on exec bonuses/comp pkgs. small overhead costs like Soc Sec. $s for actual care!
delete your account
this is maddening- you would risk people's health to prove a political point? Shameful
simple solution. 1) private interstate competition, 2) public Medicare option for any age purchase, 3) Medicaid for poor.
Delete Medicaid, cover poor under Medicare with Medicaid $$
So letting your constituents like me suffer is your new plan? We will not forget Senator.
@alweaver22 Repair if you care about the lives & well being of all Americans.
How about a constructive solution?  Nothing is ever right the first time. tweak the ACA.
Oh Miss Lindsey: do you really want people to die?
Are you willing to screw up people's lives so OCare can collapse? Shame on you! You need an attitude adjustment on this.
Cmon Lindsey , you were winning me over. The people obviously want you to swallow a bitter pill and just fix O care
I hope you've started packing your office up. With attitudes like that you won't make it past the next election.

STOP the nonsense. Just fix ACA, the law of the land.
That is not what Americans want.  We want Dems and Reps to work together to improve #ACA  Don't allow it to collapse
- Sins of omission are still sins
here is a more novel idea!  Why not start working together? Instead of your own stupid tweets now!
You'll be blamed.
Why not fix it according the needs of ALL Americans?
Boo! How about Heal the healer? Make O Care better
How about put some of Trump's Travel money toward health care or use the Wall money to care for America's.
