SINGLE PAYER! UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE!
And you will of course pay tax rate 50% to support all those who cannot or will not pay taxes but demand healthcare?
Yes because it the human thing to do. And stop with this "moocher's" argument you and I both know its a lie.
I am willing to pay more in taxes for #MedicareForAll at the expense of losing the monthly premiums, deductibles, & copays I already pay
I'm not
It would be cheaper too pay into a nation wide insurance pool, rather than pay a for profit company and its employees and shareholders.
Most of the industrialized world has Single Payer Health Care it's cheaper it functions better I know it for a fact I've lived with it
My uncle lived in england, unless you also carry an individual plan you get health care in a clinic if you need a real dr, you wait months
You should be kicked out of Congress.  Americans deserve better.
and your inaction will force collapse sooner bec of uncertainty with insurance agencies -- fix it -- you own it - work with dems
The founding fathers never wanted our government to become a dictatorship that Congress and Senate use to make themselves financially
Leaving the sick untreated and killing them as a political tactic. 1/2
I'd call you shameful and disgraceful, but you obviously don't know what shame and disgrace are. #Resign #Impeach #ImpeachTrump 2/2
I think that every congressman and senator should have to be on the same plan that is offered to the public, then they will fix the problem
You cannot use legislation to cripple ACA and then say it's failing...if you have honor that is. #integrity
Obamas failure to plan killed ocare. He then mislead that all was ok. He lied to you from day one, knew it would fail in 2017.
4,7 yrs R tried 2 repeal ACA over 50 X not replace, repair make better,and all that time could have been working 2 improve. R had majority!
Cept dems are resistors and obstructionists.
It would have been hard, except for the laughs, over the last few months . How else can anyone survive left oo right
Welloff, they can vote themselves raises and initiate healthplans that we have to pay for but offer garbage to the constituents, Sad 
Irresponsible attitude to say the least.
You're kidding right?  I don't go around threatening to "collapse" your health insurance.
At the rate the Senate is proceeding, it will be collapse. Period. Why the secrecy?
Start doing your job and let's get the repeal and replace going
Us, them, Us, them.  Stop it, Senator.  Please act like a professional.
Your party is causing the collapse, Senator. How do you see millions priced out of the market as an improvement? Your answer?
Oh, yeah - Isn't that what they do with buildings and other things, too? Get a grip on the reality real Americans live in and do your job.
Stop lying @LindseyGrahamSC #AHCA will cause massive uninsurance, medical bankruptcies, failure of the market, and unsustainable costs!
FUCK YOU!!!!!!
Says the rich white guy that has great insurance....
Lindsey Graham is just as big a traitor as tRUMP! His words mean nothing! He'll always be party over country!! HE'S  DEPLORABLE!!!
#delusional as criminal POTUS
are you fucking kidding me?
It's not a "collapse" and you know it. It's active sabotage by this administration and your party.
TREASONOUS TRAITOR! SOLD UR EFFING SOUL 2 #cult45! WILL PAY THE PRICE BY LOSING UR SEAT IN SENATE! GIRL BYE
But isn't a Congress that won't use its power to undo most of the damage equally to blame?
SINGLE PAYOR WILL SAVE US MONEY...WELL DOCUMENTED
Why do you hate Obama?  Compare his leadership with the current idiots in the White House.  Republicans should be so ashamed
If it's collapsing, it's because of #trumprussia & russian pd gop.
How is taking healthcare away from 23 mil Americans a viable path forward? #jackasses
you mean "Destroy and Replace".  willful obstruction,  willful ignorance
@GOP is completely devoid of ideas anymore, aren't you?
Republicans are just a world-wide embarrassment now.
Lindsey, IT IS NO LONGER OBAMACARE NOW THAT YOU ARE IN CONTROL OF IT! It is TRUMPCARE now.

EFFECTIVE??? Millions of people without health care is effective.
Don't cut funds to Obamacare and then claim it died it's called murder!
@BooHall2
It wouldn't be so painful if GOP would stop trying to sabotage it and fix the issues, like drug prices, national mktplace.
STOP LYING
Obamacare is being crippled by you & Ryan pulling funding 
STOP LYING
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK #CompromisedPresidency #WannabDickTraitor #TrumpCartel #IMPEACH #RUSSIANMADEWH
Former speaker saying what you are selling is crap and he would have worked to fix the #ACA  but stop selling #AHCA is anything but TAX CUT
Senator, is there any will within your caucus to actually work with the other side of the aisle on this?
Lindsey Graham is a lunatic worst than Trump, how can see say that taking away insurance from 24 million ppl is ok!

News:

The CEO of Blue Cross NC tells me flat out that Trump and GOP Congress are why premiums will soar: 

…
I agree.  If GOP continues to mismanage Obamacare badly enough, then their awful Trumpcare/Ryancare bill won't look so bad.
Dude,  your constitutes aren't nearly as stupid as you seem to think they are... 
#RESISTANCE
@LindseyGrahamSC If you "Collapse and Replace" the ACA, we intend to Collapse and Replace your disastrous service as a Loser Republican.
this house bill harms many people in SC that are on medicare and there is a reason it was not put thru regular ord
Sabotage and replace?
More like sabotage and replace. I wonder if being sickened by you and the entire GOP counts as a pre-existing condition under the AHCA...
That's a deeply cynical & cruel response to the 20M of us who got coverage under #ACA. Here's a thought; GOP Stop the SABOTAGE & fix it.
Are you admitting the Republicans cannot handle the responsibility.
Think of all the SC children of the working poor on subsidized Medicaid. They deserve healthcare. Don't desert them!
So the Republicans are willing to sabotage a popular program for political points, even if it results in people losing insurance coverage.
Today's news in Montana shows we need Obamacare more than ever - with Republicans  gone wild.
Please tell me again how exactly the @GOP is the #ProLife party? more like the #REALDEATHPANELS 2 me, sick #bastards
Effective for whom? 23 million who will lose their coverage? millions w/ pre-existing conditions?  Maybe just for those who get tax cuts!!?
Graham says " The GOP must Collapse Obamacare because we can't have so many people with health insurance"
"Whatever, healthcare is hard, just kill em all I guess"
here's an idea. Why don't you give your insurance paid by taxpayers and then we might be interested is your lies
It will collapse only due to @gop obstructionism and on your watch.
How about "maintain and improve"? Your constituents would thank you.
You need to stop!!!  There is separation of church / state in our country. Also, let me remind you...Jesus told us to care for each other.
Effective for whom, you heartless monster?
Not very patriotic Senator Graham. Wouldn't you rather fix it than cut your nose off to spite your face?

I'm sorry are you high on glue? Seriously?
It would much better to collapse and replace YOU. You don't deserve to be a senator. You short change the citizens. #healthcare
Your best efforts to sabotage it will be remembered. Cant play blame game forever. And you will be left holding the bag.
You had 8 years to come up w/ a replacement. You don't buy a car after an 8 year test drive then blame previous owner for a busted tire!
This is so wrong!!!!
No, that's not helpful. Especially when Republicans are actively undermining the ACA. Single payer is the only way to go and only solution.
Why on earth do you want the ACA to collapse? Do you truly not give a darn about your constituents, & Americans in general?
Yes, and build a single payer system!
GOP has proven that aren't capable of replacing a lightbulb. They are too addicted to insurance campaign money.
You mean sabotage and replace, jerk wad.
Collapse and replace will describe the status of Republicans if they don't protect and fix the ACA.  This is serious, lives are at stake.
If you had any integrity, you'd realize *fixing* the ACA is the most effective path forward, but that doesn't work for GOP power, does it?
Sadly back on Trump Punch. Is it worth it to your state to be on DJT team that treated you so bad on campaign? Does he have pictures?
Of course, 'Collapse' means you'll kill tens of thousands of Americans, but they won't be rich white Americans so you don't care about that.
GOP never wanted to work with Obama to fix Healthcare that's because they don't want us to have health care vote the GOP out 2018
Is this leadership?
GOP too cowardly to repeal ACA, instead you actively try to ruin it then blame dems. We see you.
#sad.
"Collapse and Replace" will kill many thousands of Americans along the way. Senator, is this collateral damage acceptable to you?
How is that taking care of your constituents?
Here's a nutty idea. Why don't you WORK  with your colleagues to fix ACA instead of this political bullshit about repealing it?
You're not calling for trump to intentionally destabilize the ACA markets and play with American lives for political gain, are you Senator?
Finally an admission of the big lie. No new Bill so they will defund the ACA to kill it. Then they'll claim it failed and must be replaced.
oR. Working across party lines may be effective also.
In other words, degrade people's health and they'll want change, like Copenhagen Syndrome
Yup, just throw a few million people under the bus so you never have to admit your narrative against the ACA has been wrong. #DrainTheSwamp
It will only collapse b/c of your gross incompetence properly funding and fixing it.
Come on Lindsey GROW A PAIR & do right BY most vulnerable Americans. #publicoption #singlepayer and IMPEACH LIAR-IN-CHIEF
This is a terrible thing to hope for. Not funding the ACA and allowing it to fail will hurt many Americans. This is unconscionable. .
GOP epic failure. Your Healthcare Plan if you aren't wealthy: DIE
Collapse and replace Trump is better
You should be ashamed of how you and your party are hurting Americans.  Hope this is the END of @GOP.
How about you put the health of the American people BEFORE the Republican party & work across the aisle to fix what we already have, asshat
Stop pandering to insurance companies and instead investigate single payer???  Improve the infrastructure already in place.
Obamacare isn't going to collapse. The GOP is going to sabotage it, then try to blame the Democrats. We understand that and will fight it.
It will be the Republican legacy when people have their lives destroyed because healthcare becomes unaffordable. Voters will understand.
No....
Dear Sen. Dunderhead: How about Replace ACA with something better and quit trying to sabotage our healthcare?
2/2 on fixes.  Your plan to allow collapse of our healthcare does not protect my patients at all. I am disappointed one day after my visit.
1/2 I took a day from work to come to D.C. to ask Congress to protect my patients' access to care and stabilize market forces while working
The GOP started the destruction of Obamacare & now you want to blame Obamacare for WHAT YOU DID! #GOPHypocrites
The epitome of today's #GOP. We can't improve upon that, so let us destroy it so our poor "solutions" are necessary. #NoHonororPatriotism
What a shameful thing to say.  As one of those who will be screwed by the collapse, all I can say is there's a special place in hell....
Governing by not governing.  #threedimensionalchess
Replace w/ what? Another evil bill that will kill people? Rep should be ashamed for even coming up with this horrible bill
You will be "collapsing" the lives of sick people!  Can't you understand how cruel that is?
I am so sick of your partisan rhetoric.  Single payer system for all. The structure already exists. Just build on it.
To  Death #Obamacare #trumpbudget #ACA
Do you know anyone with pre-existing illness as I do? They cannot afford to even buy their own medicine, this is America.
TRUE & when the pharmaceutical companies can charge 1000 of $'s per prescription, how can anyone stay well?
GOP "body slams" ACA because you don't like answering your constituents questions. Assault and Battery. Tax cut for rich. Period.
There are things that could be done to make ACA better and more successful, and it is unconscionable that you and your party deliberately 1/
Withhold these remedies and chortle with glee at the prospect of ACA failing. There are real peoples hopes and dreams and life savings 2/x
May election time say the same for you!
Perhaps you could encourage the Fed Govt to pay the insurers what it owes.  Your Pres is a known welcher.
U r MAking it collapse. 23 m not insured
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
You are delusional!  And what do you care, you get Federal health insurance, screw everyone else!
Be responsible adults and fix it BEFORE it "collapses."
Or you could grab it by the neck & assault it like Gianforte did. Neither will help anyone. Something that healthcare has long been known 4

you don't care about working for better healthcare. You don't care about the American people #countrybeforeparty
Ummm...how about fix? Good grief. If ur roof needing fixing would u just tear down the house and start over? #fixthis
, the backward idiot said not disturbed by facts nor empathy. Basically this guy is https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hUJHAVyEMqY …
#Trumpcare #healthcarebill #ACA
You really are out of touch with the citizens of South Carolina. We do not want TRUMPCARE  we want and need ACA or universal health care.
Fix ACA and work on making it better. Don't cut military and VA benefits. You are human, start acting like a humane human! And finally,
- Have a lot of respect for  your independence but give this a rest. It's a battle you can't win.
RISK CORRIDORS.  Not all of us are fooled by your trickery. May God have mercy on your soul.  If you have one.
Or you could just improve it... you know, serve your constituents?
Trumps / Ryan plan is not the way to go
Why won’t the despicable GOP just admit your goal is not a good HC program. You don’t believe anyone deserves good healthcare or that the …
wealthy should pay for it. Those are the facts. Why not just admit that’s your program? Find some self-respect & own your position.
#GOPisGovOfPutin
effective at what? Killing people?
Replace the fiscal train wreck called Obamacare as quickly as possible before other peoples premiums go up ...yet again!!!!   do it now!!!
But you've no viable plan! Other than achieve PR boast of repeal & replace. What if you improve on what's already good?
I guess you are too partisan to fix it. You are a fool.Your Russian moles are working hard to destroy us by no education and health care.
Fuck You, you fucking terrorist.
You are as SAD as tRump.
Is that a threat or just a last gasp of @gop. I'm an embarrassed Republican who can't believe how inept you all are and focused on the rich!
"we can't actually come up with a good plan, so we're going to fuck the current plan up as much as possible,
and you'll beg for our shitty plan then!"

cool messaging republicans
Like to see a list of your big donners why else do you lie and obstruct ACA?
Its sad you see this as the solution.  How about you try to fix ACA instead of repeal and replace with something worse.
Which part? The $900 billion tax cut for the rich, the 23 million uninsured or the 23000 Americans expected to die per yr from lack of care?
Obamacare helped pay for my best friend's diabetes medication, which he could not afford on his own. Fuck you.
What is wrong with you??? Focus! Get off obamacare! Fix it!!! Call it GOP BS care. We don't care! #getoffyourlazyass
Disgusting senator! Plain disgusting tweet!
WHAT?  I'm tired of political bullshit. You would let people die just to get even? What's wrong with you? #TermLimits
How many of your fellow South Carolinians will go without health insurance if the ACA is replaced with the GOP plan? #thinkb4uact
And you just proved why govt doesn't work. STAND UP. Try to fix the problem not BE the problem.
#23million will lose healthcare under your plan.  How many of those are YOUR OWN constituents?
Says the guy who won't lose his healthcare under the new crapstorm you guys come up with.
You think?
CBO 23 millions Americans without healthcare.
That's been the #GOP strategy. Congrats!
sometimes I feel.so ashamed u r my senator.  
unconscionable alternative. playing politics not governing shld. be. beneath u considering the stakes.
it will be your failure. you chose that path.
You have no shame in spreading that lie, Senator. The ACA was brilliant until you defunded it.
And you're comfortable with leaving thousands of your constituents w/o health insurance, just to prove a point? Have lost respect for you.
So what do we do in the meantime? As a small business owner, the ACA has enabled me to get insurance. W/o it, all bets are off. GOP offers 0
Complicit
This is fun..UR guy won, we all hate it. GOP now OWNS healthcare! Repeal, replace, spin, wash only, rinse, drain whatever you want, its URS
#obamacare is bound to fail as the Republicans are doing their best not to fund it
.@LindseyGrahamSC Actually Senator, th most effective path forward would be Medicare for all, but we'll settle for a public option. @jenhab
WTF? Please pull your head out of the partisan sand, and govern like someone who cares about America, not just the GOP.
Why didn't the GOP work on a plan all those years they were complaining about it?
How about "support and fix", you fucking idiot. Put your country ahead of your party for one goddamn time in your adult life.
I mean support and fix the ACA, not your garbage bill which will kill millions.
If you're rich, white and healthy, sure. But the poors are screwed, right? Despicable.
By the way, Health care industry is begging Trump admin to fund CSRs so rates don't go up and they are dragging feet. That is sabotage.
You are complicit in the #GOPDeathPanel
Of course because fixing current system would require keeping Medicaid which u want to kill. Do you ever work to improve constituents lives?
WTF does that even mean? Asking for millions that depend on health care.
Today's news about how much the house plan sucks?
What's the difference bt withholding funds from O'care 2 cause it 2 fail & repealing it altogether? Leave it alone; ur not fooling anyone.
Maybe you could work with them to fix before collapse. Zero sum game if nothing else, but 23mil people would consider insurance a win.
Low premiums = less coverage.  Seniors, bend over it's gonna hurt. Pre existing conditions rise 800 %
