Graham to GOP: Slow down on scrapping Obamacare http://politi.co/2lAA41F  
IF U BELIEVE THIS IS GREAT FOR AMERICA MANDATE CONGRESS & THEIR FAMALY TO B THE FIRST TO SWITCH TO RYANCARE -
just pass it. You know if anything is added now the Dems will just fillabuster. Fix it later!
It is a very difficult problem, and any solution will undoubtedly have many unintended consequences. Take your time.
- Senator, perfection is the enemy of done. Healthcare Insurance and Drug costs is a very leaky faucet, please FIX it!
where is the competition? Medicaid grants back to state control? Insurance that crosses state lines?
speak out strongly about that wire tap conspiracy, this is getting completely out of hand. Does he have dementia?
you jokers have had SIX YEARS to get a replacement plan right and now you CHOKE when given the green light
not to mention the GOP plan is crap and still has a individual mandate that is just applied differently
I love that you say that, but you have consistently proven to speak for us, your constituents, only to then vote a party line.
Frankly, Senator nothing you say can be trusted.
I see I am not alone  w/idea to fix health care law not repeal.  Too many people will be hurt.  Please help to fix.
You debated it for months no debate here
I agree- Do it right. SC needs you to provide health care. Don't fold.
@SpeakerRyan I agree!! Slow down, get it right if you insist on REPLACING it...I vote REPEAL and DO NOT REPLACE.
I feel a need for the healthcare bill to be made public to the people it's going to affect!
I agree this is way too important to make a hasty decision that will affect millions of Americans
you only need speed in live and death situations Please don't destroy Obamacare just for spite. It saves life
Yeah, God forbid your having to act like an actual Christian on Christmas, Senator.
What are your feelings on a moronic dictator
You mean Ryancare or Trumpcare! I'm screwed.
We pay for Federal employees insurance through our taxes. They pay same premium sick or healthy. Americans deserve the same
#voteoutgrahamnow
why don't you fix it rather than scrapping it...my God you bitched about it long enough and haven't come up w/ anything
It's time to make a decision Mr Graham. ACA is broken and now is the time to fix it. Not procrastinate!
YEAH WE CAN TELL YOU HAD 8 YEARS....DON'T THING WE ARE ALL STUPID...MAJORITY DIDN'T VOTE FOR TRUMP, 33 SEATS, 8 YRS.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @GOP U fanned Ocare Scare &encouraged folks2go uninsured. Now UR Trumpcare planWILL CHARGE THEM30% higher premiums #shame
HC act is the worst I've ever seen...DOA in House...Does nothing to reduce costs... Total bullshit bill
Get Pence to do #25thamendment and get things done right. Fly-the-plane.
Keep that narrative. Don't fold to the pressure. Make it better, not worse!
wow the irony!
awesome thank you
Not a Repub but thank you for stressing a thoughtful approach to health care  reform vs a hurried approach!
Let's call it what it is: #AHCA is a genocide of lower income, elderly & sick Americans. Premiums to go way up.  #GOPDeathPanels will exist.
good thing you didn't star in top gun then
Thanks you for being a voice of reason. This bill is not an improvement. Work with democrats on a bipartisan bill.
The consequences for doing wrong are far too great to rush things. Thanks for showing the good sense to aim before shooting
I like you Lindsey.It's not a race. People's lives are at stake here. Thank you for being the clear headed voice of reason.
I'm an independent/democrat,you are starting to become my hero...common sense
I'm not sending you off to school,and patting your http://back.You  get paid the big bucks to make good decisions.
What purpose does this travel ban serve?
please do not repeal the ACA. Millions of Americans depend on it. Improvement yes, repeal no!
Why should you, we pay for your health care.
thank you --let's do it right.
Great idea since Paul Ryan hasn't got a clue what he's doing. The trick is to make Ins. Companies rich without ppl noticing
Please consider the poor and middle class, the bill being discussed will purge many Americans.
Agreed. After all,  you guys had over 6yrs to develop a replacement & never made one proposal. Why rush now?
Thank you!!!!!!  Some of us need Healthcare, don't screw it up!  It will be deadly if you do.
Tax Reform.. We need to get the economy rolling. PLEASE
@politico you aS$! Get out of the way! Now!
improve not replace
But you will back down.  You always do. Coward.
It would be much cheaper to simply pay the medical bills of the poorest than to pay for their insurance. I have a plan
@RepTomPrice   Watching HHS Sec Tom Price. FIRST TRUMP APPOINTEE I'VE SEEN WHO SPEAKS WITH INTELLIGENCE. Kudos!
thank you!  #Fight4OurHealth
Yes. Get the info from the CBO first. U need to know cost and coverage first. Ryan just rushing b4 impeachment begins
go go go. My payment doubled. Easy to say with congressional health care!!!
Hey Senator, try being a part of the solution, okay?
How about just repealing it? The government has no business being in health care.
I hope all MOC will do it right and draft effective healthcare legislation.
I wish you had won the Republican nomination.

Turtle Power!!!!!
you will never b accused of that not ever
How about you use some more common sense, scrap the repeal and amend ACA?
THE VOICE OF REASON!!!
that's the problem. There is no need for speed in DC. Get off ur butt and do what ur hired to do.
Wow. Just wow. In a good way.
Sometimes you make so much sense!!  And sometimes you confirm Jess Sessions' appointment.
of course you don't.....I do....CNN will give you your own show...rino
@CoryBooker @RepLanceNJ7 save our ACA and dump the trash
For 6 years you've been planning for this moment, and now you show us only arrant unpreparedness and incompetence.
Glad to see a measured approach. I urge you to vote NO on this plan. The ACA is making lives of millions in Us better
Today I am proud of Senator Graham for his pragmatism & concern to get it right FIRST.
I respect your views but xmas eve or any other day... GOP wasn't supporting any #obamacare. Should've worked together
this is NOT in the PEOPLE'S best interest it's profits over ppl. Targets kids poor old terminally ill! PUT PEOPLE FIRST!
will you fight to give all Americans universal healthcare that you and your fellow congressmen get to have?
grateful you support slowing down. It won't affect us but it'll affect 100s of 1000s of your constituents.
it will be passed on due time. Unlike your Gang of Eight bill, Lindsey GrAMNESTY.
Utterly repeal Obamacare! Where is the ability to shop across state lines? No Obamacare lite pls!
#grahamlegacy #rightorwrongsimpleasthat
Translated-Obama told me do anything I can to stop the dismantling of my massa,Obama's, legacy.
Why cut ACA at all? That would be the smart move.  Improve, not replace.
Please wait for a CBO score! Conservatives should demand to know what this will cost before they cast their vote!
Protect those that cannot protect themselves.  Incentivize those who can to do so.
This will hurt the poorest. It's the electricity bill I am worried for, not an iPhone! Disrespectful to working parents!
We won't be behind you until we get as good of coverage as you and your colleagues. $ should not buy better healthcare...
The wealthy have better care and longer lives than the middle-class. Who's engaed in class warfare now?
I find you so very charming. I may not always agree, but I respect your insight.
thank you. We need to get it right, not right now.
Do your job!
when will bill go to CBO?
Right decision. Slow and make sure it's a good plan.
It makes sense you would not see the need for speed in curbing gov't encroachment. #10A #RepealDontReplace
Numbers and proof needed before any vote. The ability to get something is not the same as having. I have the ability to be priesident
You have Cadillac insur, & can't claim to be for families if you vote for insane Trumpcare! LISTEN to US people & vote NO!
We need to keep asking, "How do tax credits help the working poor who pay little or nothing in taxes?"
love your logic! Wish more GOP had your same approach!!
After chaos of muslim ban implementation (take #1) Americans cannot put people through a chaotic healthcare repeal/replace,
Fingers crossed that you can do something about that besides just tweet.
- that's what you say now... I bet you change your tune when it's time to vote.
yes. Please. Slow down!!!!
It's like the used car salesman that wants to "close the deal" before the rear bumper falls off. Don't let them rush this.
bravo mr graham
ACARomneyCare has lowered my small business health insurance every yr since 2013.  The people have sniffed GOPCO out..so stop lying about it
The proposal that just came out is reckless and will leave millions without affordable care!
There are going to be a lot of house and senate members who should worry about their jobs at the next election
Let it implode on its own.  This new House bill is crap.
@politico That was 8 yrs ago what u just come out of stupor wake the hell up Give us what u and fed employ get that a plan
Thank u, Complaints abt the speed of ACH being pushed through do not need 2 b replicated. If it's a good plan, it will pass
please slow it down until you can guarantee that not 1 American will lose coverage. How about just fixing ACA?
I doubt we agree on the direction, but I can & do respect your thoughtful approach to the process. Thank you.
Respectfully sir, repair ACA & stabilize markets. It makes ins affordable, provides great coverage & pays for itself LT.
Go Away - retire, take long vacation etc: we have had enough chucking from you
Ensure this is not in the best interest of insurance companies but in the best interest of citizens.
That's what everyone is afraid of. There seems to be a tendency to look out for companies instead if us.
that debate lasted for 10 months (May 2009-March 2010)
Open investigation into #Trump ties to Iran terrorist via #TrumpTower #Baku. That is far more important.
#Treason
#traitor
Can U pls step up the pace on nailing our fake president to the wall on all of his nonsense, so we can move on w/our lives?
.@LindseyGrahamSC Why REDUCE funding Medicare for $346 Billion tax cut for wealthy. Surely, you don't think elderly people are stupid!?
Thanks for supporting a reasonable / smart approach
you'd better approve tax credits for middle class. Hate you repubs but love Trump!
Sometimes I am curious if you are the only logical person in the @GOP
.@LindseyGrahamSC Let Trump and Ryan know, stat!
you know the plan is trash, just say it!
