.@LindseyGrahamSC America needs your help Senator. You, McCain, Collins can save our country. We've turned away men who protected our troops
McCain protected ur troops? Now that's funny. How do u protect ur troops by having them invade a country?
People that have worked for US forces overseas for years are being denied entry into the US.
U mean like in Iraq & Afghanistan which McCain helped turn into warzones teaming with terrorist outfits like ISIS?
We aren't talking about McCain or ISIS. These are regular people that we profited from and are now discarding like trash.
Yeah we are. Someone calling McCain a principled rep. The slogan back then was no blood for oil. Guess which side McCain was on
At least McCain has a shred of conscience left. He and others know that what is happening is wrong. Everyone should.
Shred of conscience.  And it only took 2 wars and a few hundred thousand dead for him to discover it. A bargain.
as a GOP, U have the power to #STOPTRUMP  It is time to choose #DemocracyOverTotalitarianism. U & @SenJohnMcCain can do it
yes stop Trump from protecting Americans and getting better security measures in place!!! IMPEACHMENT!! lol
@POTUS isn't protecting Americans. He is putting EVERY US Soldier's safety at risk. Go drink your KoolAid.
no that's another liberal fake news lie. he's doing great and exactly as he said he would. get the f**k over it
Are you going to take the poison when he is impeached, too? This is a Democracy, not a dictatorship
well for one he's not getting impeached, he campaigned on this and won so Americans are on his side.and it's temporary
Go read the Constitution. Obviously, you haven't read it yet. Trump loves "poorly educated"  Nixon said the same thing
it's actually law that he can ban anyone anytime...was you this pissed when Obama did it for six months in 2011 ???
that's what Bannon wants! Sew more division. Facism thrives on division. Sane Republicans and sane democrats need to unite!
there are no sane dems. Sane republicans are supporting President Trump.
u think it's sane to support someone who will do whatever he needs to do for his business (not ) first? https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017-trump-immigration-ban-conflict-of-interest/ …
has has and will continue to put first. Hillary only wanted the power and money. She would line her cabinet with big donors.
election is over. This isn't about Hillary at all. You are kidding yourself if you think Trump cares about anyone but himself.
disagree 100%. You will see (if you can get the tears out of your eyes) time will prove it.
Stop saying the same shit about winning, tears & snowflakes & see this dude is ripping up our constitution
or when Obama banned citizens from Venezuela?
STOP HIM!
as someone who remembers ETA in Spain, I agree. This order helps the extremists.
Great, so please do something about it.
Thank you Senator Graham for not being silent. Don't let our Country be taken away from us by a crazy person.
There are many things we disagree on, Senator, but this is not one of them.  Every anti Islam sound bite becomes a slogan.
Your both a couple of panzie's, scared of your own shadow's..
How about we worry about fighting the fascists in the White House first and take our country back?
The fascist left on 1/20/17.
you should get acquainted with the meaning of fascism
Maybe you should crack open a history book. Facism is alive and well at our White House.
today? Yes. Last administration? Not so much
Trump advisor Steve Bannon under fire for past comments on Islam, Middle East http://abcn.ws/2kTVTVS 
ya think???!!!  So what are you going to do about it?
What's up with you lately? Making sense. Seeming thoughtful and almost Reasonable. It's making me nervous.
Is this the same reasoning you used to NOT vote on Kate's law?  Our safety comes first to your headline stunts.
as a leading Senator of the Republic, stop him!
like the Orlando shooter,the Stockton shooters,and all of the others,they didn't have issues with them either
Already happened Lindsey. What can be done to prevent the next poorly thought EO?
This brand-new SC resident want you to know I appreciate you taking a stand.
Thank you for speaking up about the un-American immigration ban.
How about helping Lindsey   Move into real world
Representative Graham, please keep speaking out. Our future as a nation may depend on reasonable Republicans like you.
do something about it.  SC families and refugees in SC are depending on you to be our voice.
Thank you. I share your concern
how can you believe this & then vote for #sessions. Vote for your country- what you guys are voting for isnt Repub ideals
yes His past disqualifies him. Haven't seen too many women in that cabinet. Just old white guys.
I want to like your stance here, but it reads passive. You’re my rep — a senior senator in the majority. Do something.
You should go join the protests then.
BOOOOOOO!
Please don't give up th fight on this. Travel& refugee ban is best thing that ever happened to ISIS. Makes us less safe.
Thank goodness. We need everyone to see what is going on with open eyes. Americans sees a massive #fail soon.
it's time for you to support POTUS. We Americans  R for extreme vetting. Constitutional rights R for Americans. Get onboard
and what have YOU done to stop the ban? Speak Up! We'll support you! Or else It's The End Of The World As We Know It!
I don't think I've ever agreed with you on anything. That changed today. But I expect action, not just words.
Cool story bro. You gonna do anything about it?
then stop being a coward and act
This is your President and Bannon!
Ya Think? So get to work! Time for the elected officials to stand up, and make America right, safe and respected again
Temporizing. This madness has to be brought to a screeching halt. The Republican Party is self-destructing in cowardice.
@ClaraJeffery you think?
you need to get out of office right away
Manage your fears instead of giving them a voice.  It isn't rational or helpful.
Why are you the only good GOPer? What happened to your party?
Senator - the executive branch believes that the USA is on par with Russia morally and ethically - it's time...do something
Soros puppet
#TimeForYouToRetire #SupportYourPOTUS for immigrants no  for Vets who for them. #Loyalty #MAGA #MuslimBan @POTUS
For better relations with Russia?
Thank you Senator! This is not a partisan issue. It's about defending our basic freedoms as Americans. Please act.
Waiting patiently for you to throw that rock, sir. Trump-Putin bromance will get us all killed.
Thank you for taking a stand. Our country is in peril. Please do everything you can to resist this EO. We count on you.
Betsy DeVos' confirmation will be the self inflicted wound for the US education system.
stand up! fight back! legislation, NOW!
I am a democrat, American citizen, and I am very proud of your courage right now. Thank you.
Impeach Trump for the Russian hack and I'll vote for you for pres in 2020. Cmon man...we want to know what Trump did.
so letting unknown, possible terrorists into the country to kill is the right way to go, oh and will you be giving up your
Ultimately? It already is. Anyone left in the Senate with any cojones? He's nuts, Bannon is a Nazi. Stop the madness!
if they can be "convinced" to kill us,I don't want them here EVER.Also quick believing the media/paid protestors by CAIR
Isn't it time to talk to other #GOP leaders to give @POTUS adult supervision? Or are waiting for his self destruction?

I am voting you out next election. I've had enough.
-and buddy McCain took $ from Soros. Both are traitors
So start voting against your party.
Is Hijra real? What if only 10 percent of Muslims believe in it? https://www.centerforsecuritypolicy.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Refugee_Resettlement_Hijra.pdf …
Right you Soros puppet. We can't take care of our own poor and homeless but we have to take care of other countries poor.
protection since it's so safe to let them into the country,it shouldn't be a problem, they have been vetted by FBI,just
@stevgole Tweeting about it helps SO much
@jerryjamesstone      .....As far as I’m concerned, the scariest thing to come out of the Muslim world is algebra.
ha! So true. And dammit, I wanted to start a podcast called What the Fork.
you have some common sense.   Please save us.   Some of us are actually scared.
protect Americans and support the president
So what are you going to do about it Senator?
Please urge your colleagues to support the Freedom of Religion Act. I trust the Constitution and the people matter to you.
- so isn't #45 in contempt of a court order?  right now-ish?
no.
WRONG.
Whoever had "8 days" in the First Constitutional Crisis contest, bring your ticket to the cage and collect your winnings. 
@Ugarles How can it b constitutional crisis Americans only one with constitutional rights
LPRs have constitutional rights; not an alternative fact
like voting or holding office? Nope.
they have  1st, 4th, 5th and 14th am rights, all violated here
NonAmericans have no constitutional rights to enter USA.
not to mention U.S global credibility which is nose diving right now incl here in Ireland
I used to actively parody you in my job at funny or die and now I support you. Thank you for being a Republican standing against Trump
we still disagree on many things, but we have to cross the aisle to protect our country.
what a fraud. McCain & his puppet Lindsey support funding weapons to "rebels" in Syria & u support him?
i support standing together against Trump, who is trying to turn our democracy into a dictatorship.

But at least Lindsey Graham is speaking out against. Rest of GOP????
Agreed. We are in Constitutional Crisis time and they're playing tiddley winks
TRUMP(GOP) will be removed from office at a time and place of our choosing.
Sincerely,The American People
the real American people put him in there... you lost crybaby
A few deplorables, like you egg, with your 3 followers, plus Vlady Putin. This was a coup by Russ.
Preach Mr. Graham!  that's the feisty Rep I know.
trump just knows propaganda and how to insight fear  wo facts. He's racist sexist and xenophobic and stacked the cabinet
Well, then put your money where your mouth is.  DO SOMETHING!!
You are clearly a man of reason. Please oppose DeVos for Secretary of Ed. I work @ a T1 school and she will destroy us
That's exactly what McCain said. You are influential. Don't make it true by telling people that.
Then step up and lead. Stop it and the rest of this chaos. @LindseyGrahamSC @ClaraJeffery
he can't stop anything the american people want this and the liberals want chaos #barryslaw
The people are tired of you constantly undermining the President. Cuckservative neocons do not speak for us.
you people that aren't paying attention are idiots this is an Obama Era law Trump signed a order to enforce. Waa Waa waa!!!
@ungadjo1 You & your turncoat friends are all talk no action! The entire party needs to grow a pair and stop this madman !!
Make no mistake - It is a self-inflicted wound, intentionally made, in the continuation of our republic.
you need to persuade your party to develop a spine and fight. If not, 2018 will be brutal for you. #DissentIsPatriotic
Get a spine Lindsey- I've seen hints of it. You know you have better moral character than this.
make the senate do the right thing. @SenJohnMcCain
why?
@murphymike It's not like we were not warned. Do something!
@BoingBoing It's a self-inflicted wound to the heart of our Republic. Stand up to this tyrant.
@SenatorTimScott, will you join @LindseyGrahamSC and denounce the abhorrent immigration EO of @realDonaldTrump?
You need to motivate your colleagues off their duffs and renounce this action and Trump!
@AndyRichter 
Thank You Lindsey.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @DrewFromTV Yah, think? Yah, fear? It is an insult that everything that America stands for.
We want to feel protected from outside threats and you are not helping.  You talk about Russia but they're not blowing usup
Could you stop the drama and support the American people who voted for @POTUS. You as confused as all the alt-left freaks
Forget ultimately. It may be immediately.
the last prez to fire an AG for political reasons was Nixon. Distance yourself now, history repeats itself. Rethink this.
no shit. start standing up for what's right, not just your own political career.
Thank you for putting country first, sir.
Sir, I've never been a big fan. But I have to say how much I admire and salute you for standing up for all of us. Well done
Then please continue to denounce and fight it!
.@LindseyGrahamSC stand up! HIstory has its eyes on you as well as the American people. #StopPresidentBannon
Keep standing up for our rights!
Thank you, Sir, for standing up for what is right and what is American
senator, we need you to take a stand against this with your votes
You are wrong-you will have our blood on your hands if you continue like in Germany and Italy.  Stop u MUST BACK pres.
Thank you so much for standing up publicly AGAINST this immoral and UNAMERICAN act by our new & very incompetent president.
Senator, please sponsor The Public & Impartial Primaries Act.
You don't suppose that you and Rubio in Syria might have helped originate some of the problems.
Oh I forgot that McCain was with you also.  We dodged a bullet when you three lost in the primaries.
@randyprine Then, PLEASE, do something. You have GOT to do something.
Hey, he's your guy!
thank you for speaking out when all the republicans, the party of freedom are  eerily silent.
PLEASE do something. You can stop this-these protests are an SOS-please help our country and stop this madman (& Bannon too)!
I never thought say this @LindseyGrahamSC but keep preaching!
I disagree. I think we need to use the authority to do t right thing and stand strong Sir. Too many years of this attitude
Thank you for speaking up about the risks of the ban. I knew I could count on you.
You are part of the swamp!!! You and @SenJohnMcCain should resign!!! Traitors!!!!
Senator Graham u r  cleanser in the Republican Swamp
then stand up to @potus with @SenJohnMcCain
here you are again siding with Democrats really? You are not the senator of NY. Maybe not of SC if you keep being CNN's boy
.@LindseyGrahamSC You've spoken out on the travel ban. Will you vote no on Sessions tomorrow? Or refuse to approve until WH changes policy?
going to create many more people that hate us, but oh well
Trump has business ties in the Middle East countries that 9-11 Why are they not on ban list?  #ProfitbeforeAmerica
i do not always agree with you, but I commend you tonight for standing up and being brave
You are so right! Trump never thinks things through or asks for opinions. The terrorists use this for recruitment.
Do your job and continue to oppose this ban and Trump. You know right from wrong.
if Trump's EO harms our country with increased terrorism ... what will GOP do to protect us? #TheResistance #resist
Mr. Graham thank you for speaking out. Executive order is asinine.
Powerful sentiment @LindseyGrahamSC sure you don't want to walk "fear" back to "worry?" Kind of harsh on the #Brannon administration #Coward
Why must you always be such an obstructionist?  Jealous?  Support the ban on terrorists!
EO is recruitment tool in hands of jihadists & demoralizes Muslims who  peace & America. TY for speaking out #nomuslimban
you and John McCain are the biggest super cuck RINOs.. god SC at least you got us gowdy
@AndyRichter Trump, you SOB! You made me heart a Lindsey Graham tweet. This has gone too far
we may differ on most political ideas but I am thankful 4 your stance on this. Too many other Republicans losing backbones
Trump is an embarrassment/he & Bannon only represent Trumpland, not America. Speak up now before you're silenced for good.
Time to close your mouth and become unemployed. Extremely disappointed in U & McCain!
Thank you sir. Terrorism is a global issue and we need our muslim allies to defeat it...
. You have my vote as long as you continue to act in a manner that represents the best values of the USA #StandUpToTrump
Thank you for speaking out against this EO.
because you're a libtard hiding in a RINO body
You and your soul mate McCain are the real wounds - always searching for relevancy and of course, a microphone.
@brandi_e_hudson 
It's about time I was getting really weary of the Tequila tweets.
I hope you'll do more than just verbally condemn his vile policy. Take action.
Trump is openly in contempt of a federal court order. As a senator, no a human being, you are obligated to IMPEACH HIM NOW!
you're losing constituents everytime you criticize President Trump. Why don't you give DJT the same respect as BHO?
@MrJamesonNeat thanks for speaking out against this horror, Sen. Graham. I wish other Congresspersons were as brave as you.
Still apart of the Washington Elite? "FEAR" u ought to fear when on the wrong side of right
@shrinkthinks A thousand times, yes
@winelibrarian If you think it might cost you your job, it probably will. You'll be primaried.
. @LindseyGrahamSC but bombing in civilian areas in the middle east is cool and isn't counterproductive? Cool, gotcha
do more please! Both sides agree that this is a disaster
Trump's executive order is putting our enlisted men & women serving around the world in harm's way & making America unsafe.
just like Obama that put this very law into effect with no opposition from you loons.
Thank you for being one of the few Republicans to stand up against Trump - please stop his destruction of our democracy!
You are one of the few Republicans that I feel I can respect.  Give it to Trump.
you must act now with democratic senators. Do not leave this up to the courts.  Get your hands dirty now.
Not self-inflicted. We were hijacked into it by Bannon and Trump. DO SOMETHING about it.
you are most likely right....get with the maverick and do something about it....people over party!
Continue to stand up to the illegal activities and proclamations of this tyrannical administration! Thank you!
Thank you for taking a stand against this executive order! You're doing what's right and sticking to American principles!
Were you as fearful and loud when O handed green cards to deportees? Or when cards got lost in ?

http://www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2016/11/legal-immigration-also-lawless-obama-green-cards-false-info-sent-twice-missing/ …
you should fear whether you'll get reelected or not. Moderate establishment Republicans should be concerned. #thatsyou
It might hurt ISIS feelings if we slow down their import program? Our President wants to do his job. Start doing yours!
mad because you lost get behind our president stop playing politics
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain I fear that the following vetting happened under your watch http://www.informationliberation.com/?id=56194 
bout time you got a little louder Senator.  You seem to be the only interior opposition
Never thought there'd be a day we would agree on anything.  Never say never.
Thank you for your leadership.  This transcends party affiliation.
@BillyGardell 
Mr. Graham, I am not a member of the GOP, please help, this man who thinks he is president must be removed
thank you for standing up to this, our country needs reasonable GOP like yourself to keep this reckless President in check.
your words mean nothing.  @rb4s
So just what are you going to do to help us NOW?!
Ultimately, this is a pause to make sure refugees are properly vetted. Unfortunately, you rarely do the right thing.
they are vetted properly, for years on end & a lot of these folks already have green cards. Buy a clue.
Not just a flesh wound, either. If USA is attacked again, the terrorists will come from countries Trump does business with.
You have the power to stop this madness!!
@davidschasteen #Understatement Bannon in a national security position is as bad or worse.  This madness must end.
@AndyRichter SO IF YOU FEAR IT THEN FOR GODS SAKE STOP IT!!!  #ImpeachPOTUS This is only week one, rescue your soul from it
Where is your loyalty to POTUS & USA Citizens? Stand behind him not against him. We don't need you if you are against us!
will you then fight against it? I hope so.
@ValerieJarrett
To: @GOP

Do you hear us now?…
Thank you, Senator. Now, please, DO SOMETHING. Stop @POTUS while we still have a country, and a world, left! Thank you.
@yashar how about ppl w/o adequate security clearance listening in on national security briefs or meetings?
