Senators McCain and Graham are torpedoing the budget by insisting on busting the budget caps for more spending.
Point #2: The Budget resolution doesn’t affect statutory spending caps.
The Republican FRAUD they call "the middle class tax cut" is Reverse Robin Hood - taking from the middle class to give 80% to the 1%! Liars!
Rand Paul was right. GrahamCassidy was O-Care Lite. No thanks!
Your tax reform plan is nothing but a huge tax break for the rich. #NotOnePenny
That adds TRILLIONS to the deficit & backs of our children.
CUT spending!  You squander too much of OUR $$$ already.  We are not youur personal ATMs, we're your BOSSES  You'd be wise to remember it.
, Graham appears to b supporting tax cuts for the super rich. Only poor will get an increase according 2what I read on gov. site. PP who are poor don't matter. Let them have no health care and die or starve them to death. Right GOP? Rand Paul wants NOT 1PENNY SPENT ON poor.
Trump has declared war on Blacks
Graham Cassidy was a trash bill that every medical association rallied against.  

This tax reform helps top1 % at expense of middle class
Trump has zero political capitol, even less respect, he’s not trusted, and that’s from GOP view. Then, he’s academically challenged,and quite uninterested in policy. He’s divided the party through ill will. How many factors do we think might change?  #WalkAway
Sen. Graham was right - and outspoken - about Trump. What happened??!!
It’s rather confusing, huh? For a not-too-far right congressman to embrace a wanna be dictator who lives to make himself rich?
$Donors$, Koch wants to primary him in SC
Clash of the titans, huh? Koch vs Mercers.
From the looks of the GOP fundraising now, Who needs um?
Digging the congressional drama. #catfight
How about Sen Bill Cassidy tell the truth.  Just lied on MornJoe.  Pathetic.
Cut fucking spending. It’s out of control.
Paul gives me a bad feeling in my spirit.
Thank GOD for @RandPaul
Oligarchs want the tax cut windfall they bought the GOP FOR,
It’s all personal between these idiots.
Obamacare needed saving, most of us US hate your "tax reform", we have the largest military in the world. Hush.
Rand is your daddy.
U 2 have "A" ratings from NRA. Citizens killed in MD + U 2 bicker on Twitter. Why not just hold legis. debates here? Grow up; do your jobs.
#TaxReform = higher middle class taxes to give @GOP top donors lower taxes while screwing the elderly and poor.
Graham Cassidy was bad for Americans you partisan hack.
Stop spending money, stop going to war, Lindsey is a girl's name.
#standwithrand
One thing the dems always do is stick together. 

Unity=corruption
Morals=stagnation
Wow Sen McCain has a self destructive problem
Wake up Lindsey. Ur head is going in a dark hole as is Trump's!
Your lovely friend John McCain saved Obama care (twice) so why don't you thank him for it
Well Lindsey, are you busting the budget?
Ms. Graham as a #fake #ProLife pol, u r playing with my life, u don't care about ppl out of the #womb u r #Morally #BANKRUPTED
News flash Lindsey...your scumbag buddy McCain torpedoed Obamacare repeal twice. Maybe it’s him you need to talk to about retiring
@LindseyGrahamSC how do you propose we pay for govt if we give these huge tax breaks to wealthy people?
Crazy. It's almost like he has his vote, you have yours, and this is the way it was designed to work???
GOP = making America hate again.
LG, you know this proposal isn’t tax reform. It’s tax relief for the ultra rich given on the backs of middle class.
You are starting to behave like the president, quickly losing respect. Debate works not twitter shaming.
How professional. Why don't you hold legislative debates on Twitter? You both sound like brats. Grow the hell up; do your jobs like adults.
Unusual for U.S. Senators to publicly criticize peers. Just shows how deeply fragmented Republicans are. Call for strong leadership needed!
Lyndsey Graham and John McCain are both traitors to conservatives and it looks like the liberals don't like you either.
If he screwd it up by mentioning you..you are still the ones to blame. You made the choice. Not pointing out anything we don't already know.
Then do us a favor and EXPLAIN how it’s conservative. I DARE U a career long RINO to explain it. Go ahead.
Graham is such a fence rider. Jumps off either way depending on the political breeze. Plays golf with Trump so probably him getting bad info
@MattMackowiak @RandPaul #grahamcassidy was a joke. Get that part right.
Liberal John McCain screwed it up, NOT Rand Paul. John McCain opened the door for your liberal bill.
that's a lot of hyphenated names in that bill. none of them credible.
So...a terrible healthcare bill, now tax cuts for the super-rich. Don't screw it up for you, your buddies and big pharma/business? Loser
But Sir UR Health plan didn't insure more or kill less-& Sen Paul Your State is Suing the Gov over ur stupid idea?
I’m not too informed on this but I’ll side with Rand by default lol 

Anyone got a link to a quick recap article on this? Thx!
Quit worrying about tax reform you've got some impeaching to do.
Boys:  stop it.
come on jackholes...can't you fools at least get along with your own party and get some work done? If not we can replace you both @foxnews
Out of potential he tens or hundreds of thousands of people that would like this, you got less than 200 likes
Paul is the devil. Figure it out yet?
WTF are you talking about? There is no Obamacare, only #Trumpcare , thanks to that #moron you’re enabling in the White House.
Sit down and think about the difference between defense spending and militarism.
wait until Bannon gets you more boys.
aw dont be a sore loser, you thief not your money not your futre cut spending remember small gov cons plank? get out you got your retirement
Psst! Everyone can see this!!
If only you were honest, Lindsey.
You have lost all moral authority. You don't  have time to lecture Rand Paul. POTUS has a golf bag you need to carry.
Pass th budget t get around McCain & Graham, fix next year. Time to get things done incl. Obamacare repeal & tax cuts. Stop the distractions
@realDonaldTrump Who cares?!“He knew what he signed up for?!”U say THAT to pregnant widow of a soldier?! You CAN’T support!
- - - Ask yourself why Trump won't show his tax history & why that is fine with the @GOP - - -  #TaxReform is just more Wealthy Bullshit.
Now, now , boys, behave!
You’ve made a complete fool of yourself, Mr. Graham. Congratulations
Don’t you senators work in the same building?  Why not talk to each other instead of using Twitter?  No wonder congress is so ineffective!
No compromise @RandPaul fucking over America as usual!
Your definition of reform is taking money from education, healthcare, and poverty assistance to pay for tax cuts for the rich.
I believed in you and respected you when you stood up for working Americans. What happened? You and your party have sold your soul.
what? you must have him confused with MITCH MCCONNELL and JOHN MCCAIN

and YOURSELF!  You three helped prevent #FullREPEAL
So does Trump prefer golf with you or Rand more?  Who is willing to bow down more to Trump?
You lot can’t get anything done. Why don’t you just put the adults in charge again. Your much happier bitching about shit then doing it.
Saved Obamacare?  Huh?  The people spoke.  The Representative government listened.  POTUS ignored it.
Oh shut up and go wash trumps balls ( golf) @LindseyGrahamSC  you have become such a disappointment to those who believed in you!! #Shame
Oh Lindsey Belle head back to South Carolina and stop trying to destroy our nation!

I think I'll go with the medal of honor winner.
Stop tweeting. Go sit across the table with man and work it out.
Learned a lot on that golf course, didn’t you?
Rand Paul > Lindsey Graham
This will end up being your legacy.   Had all branches of government and accomplished nothing! #Nothing
Trickle down economics never works. It's been proven time and time again
Cannot let the “Uranium Deal” go unpunished! The shit is hitting the fan!
You both suck and have sold your souls and the country out.
You are going to hand the democRATS the house and senate if you guys don’t get off your tails and pass something
boys lets have lunch and talk about this
mothers been listening to the Koch bros
All I want to know is whom is telling the truth, what is really going on, just stop it you two, grow up, tell the people the truth.
Remind me again which GOP Senator is fighting with whom ? I can’t keep up anymore
Keep this behind closed doors. You’re starting to sound like Trumplethinskin
Senator, it's a shame your base is full of T-rump's base. It leaves you stuck wipping is fat butt. You're lying for him and defending crap.
Sen Graham - you work for the American people.  Not that unfit president currently housing in the White House.  Remember Branches of Govt???

You’re such a tool you make @RandPaul look good
Tax reform for your donors... Thank God Graham is not president.
You promised to repeal aca and when u could u chose to pay your friends like Obama paid his..... You should be in jail with your pal Hillary
I believe it was senator McCain that was the deciding vote to keep Obamacare. Put the blame where it lies, sir.
Maybe you should listen to Mr Paul for a change he is telling the truth
When was the last time you all in DC actually passed a budget?
STFU  your bill sucks and so do you
I love it when they attack each other
Can we just have NEITHER of you screw up tax reform by giving billionaires tax breaks and throw us even further into debt?
When's TEE time,,maybe you can beat the prez on the course next time
u r all wrong, fake little disagreement to distract the people! U both r wrong 4 our people & USA! U WORK 4 1%!
Bwahahahahaha!!!!
Your friend McCain deserves better. I believe you do too. I believe our whole country does.
attacks on you? Is this the kind of country you want, that you have served most of your adult life? Please tell me you are ashamed.3)
Are you comfortable with the manner in which Trump supporters are viciously attacking your friend? Are you comfortable in their personal 2)
Sen Graham, look at nasty responses to Paul by Trump responders. I’ve heard you & McCain talk about your friendship & mutual respect.1)
Cat fight 
The tax plan sucks and doesn't help the average person. Only the rich so don't try to say otherwise
Both Graham and Paul agree that they are eager to caddy for Prezident Trumpo in Puerto Rico once those people get their golf courses fixed
Fake tax reform is just #wealthcare ! exploding the national deficit!
The RINO doesn’t like the truth
Oh yippee! Another public fight! *sigh* 
https://twitter.com/cspan/status/920388190611165189 …

@RandPaul is a true Conservative something you know nothing about 

It's too bad SC is stuck with you
Senator @RandPaul: "People like McCain and Graham, who parade as conservatives but are not really conservative, they need to be called out." 
Your tax reform only benefits rich people like you. Hope @RandPaul will trash it.
Can't believe a word Lyin Lindsey says! He's now a Trump puppet, who's been bought by a couple of WH dinners and a round of golf! Came cheap
Not one honest senator in the bunch! Hypocrites, and sell outs. Never gonna change. Pity. You still don't understand who you work for. MAGA!

Oh come on, Graham-Cassidy was bad design & policy. It did nothing to curb medical trend (FYI that's the main driver of premium increases)
My god... I can’t wait until u are both voted the hell out of office
Maybe he didn’t drink the trump koolaid like you did
Sorry, Lindsey, us limited govt folks don't want big govt spending.Doesn't matter of Dem or Rep. get on board or get left behind
NO MORE SPENDING
No tax returns = no tax reform.
Yeah fight u too need to get a room and talk. Show more class both of u
YOU SAID YOU DIDNT KNOW WHAT YOU WERE DOING
Don't destroy Medicare and Medicaid under the guise of tax reform
He saved American lives
Bwah ha ha. Your party infighting is amusing
What a coward you are,  Graham.  You are on the record of having no fucking clue about health reform
Cut the wasteful spending, you don't  balance a budget by over spending , time to cut entitlements
Ahh fighting among the Senate.  Perfect
Stay strong, @RandPaul .
@SenJohnMcCain saved Obamacare.
Maybe tell your pal @SenJohnMcCain not to screw it up first. Since he voted against the Bush tax cuts
Or instead of tweeting at each other, you could have a meeting like real honest adults.
Loser alert!
Balance a budget, raise taxes if you have to.  #Simple.

And #GrahamCassidy screwed 20 million people; don't be like THAT with the budget.
Whatever happened to the GOP stance on deficits? Oh, that's right, they only matter when helping citizens, instead of big business#hypocrite
What are you Trump now? Baiting people on Twitter.
You guys fight amongst yourselves, just don't pass tax cuts for the rich, who don't need it, on the backs of the rest of us.
Licking LINDSEY strikes again. Sad.
I trust Rand way more than you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank God Rand & others blew up your horrible health care plan. Be a good southern belle & go chase Uncle Don’s golf balls & kiss his ass.
Release Trump tax returns before http://reform.Tax  reform did not work in Kansas now you want to spread disparity nationwide. #Impeach
If your attempt at #TaxReform looks anything like your Charlie Foxtrot of an attempt at health care, do us all a favor and leave it alone.
I trust @RandPaul before I would trust @LinseyGrahamSC
Honestly, #GrahamCassidy-Heller-Johnson was already trash before Rand saw it, so... glass houses and all.
at some pt SenPaul must decide if wants be part of @SenateGOP legacy of "doing something"/"doing nothing">"joe principled" act getting stale
McCain saved Obamacare, don't deflect it on Rand Paul!!!
Don't screw up tax reform @LindseyGrahamSC.
Dude leave him alone u know it's going to benefit the rich people more
Rand Paul is the only Congressman that knows what he’s talking about when it comes to HC; & fighting on Twitter Lindsey sounds like HS
