Hope the topic is "Why Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III is wrong for AG".
I was disappointed with your defending a man who is a bigot. I hope this does not come back to haunt you.
I hope not in favor.
VOTE NO. You had the guts to speak against the visa ban, and I applauded your integrity. Where is it now? Please find it.
Vote FOR USA. Vote NO on Sessions. #fakePOTUS #indivisible   Vote your conscious not your party.
as america holds its breath and nose!
say no to Sessions.. not the right person for the position
Climate change denial, anti-immigrant, far too partisan. Please vote no!
. I have gained respect for you in the months since Trump's election, please do not throw it away by voting for this man.
We can't afford to turn the Attorney General into the right arm of an autocrat.
my faith in you was sorely misplaced. I thought you stood for America.
When the Bannon-Trump white supremacist Reichstag Fire comes, it will get Repubs too and you will be culpable.
He's a racist and you know it senator. Do the right thing here!
Good luck conversing with an ethics & science challenged nominee.
Sessions will never stand up to POTUS.
Vote No no Sessions. Enough said!
Don't sacrifice your integrity by falling in line behind Trump!  You are better than that.
fall to party line? Or do what's right? Vote no!
Well hope you know what's right, because he is not. He is a rascist.
@lulu_lemew Please please please vote against him.
Absolutely no to Sessions nomination. Please continue demonstrating America over party
gag!
Please ask him more questions. We need an Atty Gen who will uphold Constitution!
Just moved to SC from NJ.
YOU WILL NOT GET MY VOTE FOR RE-ELECTION
Vote No!!!!
Please do the right thing and vote no.
no
getting close to the last chance to do the right thing, Senator. No to Sessions!
Please vote NO!
Disappointed. Wish you would have voted NO
Boooooooooo
you can't possibly vote yes for Sessions?
It's an easy NO
Senator Graham. Why do you insist on aiding liberals at the expense of your own party's president? Are you a turncoat?
stand up for your COUNTRY and the people you represent. Vote NO!!!
You did a good job
#MerrickGarland
Better get this right, Graham. @SenatorSessions was born to be Attorney General of the United States. #Confirm
please oppose confirmation of Jeff sessions
Dont say positive things. No positive things to say. For years most racist senator.
Please vote NO senator. This man cannot be trusted to upload the law & constitution. He will be DJTs lackey.
The Obstruction of these Cabinet Members selected to Lead our Government is unconscionable. Shame on all who delay picks!
Please tell me how you held #JeffSessions to the fire for asking #SallyYates to do the same thing she was just fired for.
Much appreciated!  Thank you also for supporting Rex. I don't like your VICIOUS bark. But your lack of bite is GREAT! #MRGA
Country? Party? Right now you can only choose one. You know what's right. Stand up.
You need to start speaking on behalf of OUR RNC elected president. We're very tired of your underminding his efforts.  dnc?
Vote NO because it is the right thing to do!
Country over Party. Please vote No! We need someone who will stand up to President Trump when he oversteps, not Sessions.
I watched. Now you will be on a list. Everything dt wants you will do. Be ashamed. You know js is a bigot
VOTE NO!
confirm Mr Sessions
really senator! if you approve deVos you will approve ANYONE! don't bother going thru the motions.
do the left thing, NO!
Vote No on Sessions
Resist!!
Dear Diary,
So glad Lindsey is falling in line. This President thing is easy when everyone is so easy to buy!!!
VOTE NO
I really, really hoped that you would show more love of country and common sense. But you support Sessions. 
vote no
People will not forget you were are the wrong side of history.
please vote no!!
vote NO! We need the branches of government to work for the PEOPLE- not for Trump.
Just say "No!" to Jeff Sessions!  Not the right choice.  Never the right choice.  Stand up for all of us, Senator Graham!
please no on sessions
as SC resident, please vote no!
Stay loyal to this country sir!
Please vote NO on #Sessions.
coward
Sessions represents Alabama. He clearly doesn't represent all of America. Do not confirm.
As your constituent, I beg you to vote against confirming Sessions, esp. in light of current ban on Muslims.
give him hell... 8 years of hells for obstruction of all .@POTUS44 ... Give them hell
.@LindseyGrahamSC He was unqualified before. He is unqualified now. America deserves the best & brightest. Not racist/misogynist/homophobes
NO
YESSSS!!!
SHEEP
as a downtown Charlestonian, I urge you to please vote no on Jeff Sessions' nomination
vote no! We have faith that you will put country over party.
You don't truly believe in upholding the Constitution if you vote yes to confirm this yes-man.
you are a man with and of dignity, Graham. Please do guide the new Potus
Vote NO! Please! You're such a good man.
1980's republicans deemed him too racist  to be a judge. That's hard core racist. Showing your true colors Senator.
please vote NO
Pls be sure to mention how Sessions told Yates she should stand up to the president if asked to follow unlawful orders.
Ask him if he would say No to the President if he is Attorney General and a bad order is given
Defend us against this unconstitutional ban!
SHAME ON YOU!
Please do not confirm him. 
Hope you are going to call him out for his racist past but I bet you won't...
Keep it brief.
Shame on you and the GOP if you're not standing up to Trump and and nominees
No White Supremacist be with America not trump and putin and Nazi Bannon
Unregistrd urbn handguns=HUMAN ROADKILL/AR15-AK47 shootings=MENTAL ILLNESS/opioids-heroin-Mexcrxbrdr drugs=NATIONAL SUICIDE
show some spine. Vote NO!! #ImpeachTrump
For the love of God and Country, impress me!
r u gonna support him or back stab some more like u did to @realDonaldTrump ?
His only obligation is to the people and the country, first.NotThe Donald and his boy Bannon.
yep...and I question who'd criticize safeguards for those Americans..#sorelosers
Remrmber dt said 'he loves the uneducated'.
glad some one does....all people. L coast has no monopoly on ed by the way
Country over party, please.
Sessions said AG job is to obey the law.  Hypocrite.  Fire Comey!
Please stand up for the Constitution and vote no
Will you be voting no?
vote NO. We are watching ! #NoOnSessions #NoonDeVos
as one of his constituents I urge you to vote no
I hope you do the right thing!
Please VOTE NO!
oh the guy who thinks civil forfeiture belongs in a liberty based society
Thank you in advance. You're voting NO on Sessions.
grow a pair vote no
I'm against his nomination!
Please, please vote no
