That's fine.  But let's focus on the real security threat of Russian interference and collusion with the Trump campaign.
No evidence of collusion. Trump and his team's surveillance turned up zilch.
Ongoing Investigation.  We know nothing definitely other than Russia interfered and Trump cohorts met with Russians.  Lots of smoke though
Media smoke!
Only thing holding this corrupt WH accountable.
Since the McCarthy days, the Media, ALL Media, has been used specifically as a Propaganda machine. We will learn nothing in the Status Quo.
That's a hoot.  Trump blatantly uses Breitbart and FoxNews as a Propaganda machine.  Nixon was taken down by media... so will Trump.
Please hold your breath and see!
Perhaps we should figure out why so many names from Trump's team were showing up on surveillance of foreign powers.
Why does most/all of GOP try to protect DJT & admin lies & corruption. The GOP built on morals & values no longer exists
So they're don't any problems with investigation of someone who not in power but not the AG.
GOP is already in dire straights w healthcare shinanigans, de-regulating Wstreet and big oil, RUSSIA. Seems like you've got some WORK to do.
Please stop being a part of this administration's misdirection campaign. Grow a conscience.
Very disappointed in you @LindseyGrahamSC , you used to at least pretend you had integrity.
But maybe first look into Trump's collusion with Russia. That's really the issue.
Way to stand up to trump just when you think some gop is going to show some backbone it shrivels up
Tiny hands...tiny members
Let's investigate her for doing her job.  In today's political climate, that does seem like a crime
I was beginning to respect you. You blew that so why was Sessions let off the hook? Investigate Trump:Putin:Flynn:Russian collusion FIRST
She was doing her JOB
If you believe this idiot then we all chasing our tails
Why don't you just worry about the problem in the White House now?  And please come out if the closet already
How about we use the same argument that Trump uses for the DNC emails.  It's not that it was unmasked, it's the content that was revealed.
If the content was incriminating, do you honestly believe the Democrats would not have weaponized it against Trump?
.@LindseyGrahamSC I thought u were too smart to be played by Trump. Rice was doing her job & u know it. This deflection is dangerous.
Yes, let's have an open investigation into the Trump ties to Russia!
BUT WHAT ABOUT WILBER ROSS...A MONEY LAUNDERING KING RE CYPRUS BANK, ETC.????
Congress should look into every Republican that is not doing their job which is all of them. Lindsey included! Trump enablers and liars.
WHY is trump moving US troops into Syria by the 100's@w/o him telling us,w/o U telling us. R They on putin s side.Stop talking ur bullshit!
I was they would kick him out of office he is a annoying man
Truly disappointed in you @LindseyGrahamSC...you're  a reasonable man & that is not a reasonable statement about @AmbassadorRice....
no finish looking into trump russian ties TAX RETURNS!!!!!
Everyone knows this is BS. We cannot allow @realDonaldTrump to destroy our own grasp of reality. That's one of the first steps of a dictator
Please, Senator Graham - stop. Please do not be a useful fool for the WH. You have the power to get answers through proper channels...
Susan did nothing wrong...The only story that matters is RUSSIA!
Fine. Right after they THOROUGHLY look in to Trump, Flynn, Chaffetz, Prince, Nunes, Sessions, Conway, ALL Kushners, Jr., and Eric Trump
I'm disappointed that you say you won't prejudge, but you do, snidely saying Rice can't be trusted. Wasn't she doing her job? Pls explain...
Graham is the new Trump kiss ass. Disappointed in you.
OK but could we PLEASE not get distracted from looking into Trump campaign coordination with Russian propaganda (including primary, Senator)
Or the FBI 
While Congress is at it, they should look at the Presidents tax returns too.
No.  Congress should be fired!
She was doing her job & didn’t say a word about anything publicly.  Now, about those Russia investigations you’re supposed to be leading??
Art of distraction...need to stay focused on #russiagate   #IndependentInvestigation #Trumprussia
Graham is a lilly livered twerp with no integrity.
@LindseyGrahamSC rice had to have approval frm intelligence agencies to unmask! With provided reasons! How is she to blame?
The question is whether Lindsey Graham and @DevinNunes are Russian KGB. My Money is on YES they are TREASONOUS TRAITORS
I believe that there is an argument that Gorsuch is a Russian KGB mole too.
Susan Rice has done nothing wrong, stop veering away from trump Russian investigation. He is guilty of treason 're Flynn alone.
Graham's MO: Deflect. Deny. Lie.
Try looking into your president's business dealings, conflicts of interest, and collusion with Putin.
Here we go again! Repubs just love holding Congressional hearing about Dems.When nothing results, they hold another & another.Not so 4 Trump
I ONCE THOUGHT GRAHAM CARED FOR PEOPLE..I WAS SO WRONG.  PARTY SERVING THEMSELVES, NOT PEOPLE ANY MORE. HES A TRATIOR.
I suspect most of the transition and current WH staff were caught "in conversations" with Russians and other foreign surveillance targets.
Fine, but nothing suggests Susan Rice was the leaker, or that the unmasking was illegal, or that she failed 2 get necessary NSA approval.
Your public statement that Rice's APPROVED request to unmask identities for political reasons perpetuates misinformation Be more responsible
You do understand that the Trump and his administration has a serious lack of credibility in the 'truth' department. And now, so do you!
How dare you propagate misinformation! Are you or are you not a lawyer. You do not judge the merits of one case on those of another.
You can't take Graham seriously. In 1 day, he's calling for Congress to look into something that is nothing. How long on Putin/Russia/Trump?
I've been telling my (R) older brother that (R)s were becoming Fascists 30 yrs ago. Even you & McCain leave no doubt. The rest PeePee Toads
you've decided to suck off embarrassment Nunes. This is midget Graham's midnight skulk to the WH after McMaster fire Watnik chats you up?
Decide whether treason is the issue or blowing Drumpf is? Dubya's Rice counterpart's interview by Mitchell should've shut even you up...
Lindsay Graham, via your comments about Susan Rice- you are an anti-American liar promoting misinformation, propaganda, & treason.
A National Security Advisor looking at the names of people who are possibly compromising national security. Damn suspicious!
You better worry about your boss DJ telling the truth.  Believe Rice over Trump any day!!!
First things first deal with trump Russia first
Yes please do, so we can see what Trump is hiding
The whole point of Susan Rice's job was for congress to read her reports.
Is there no situation where GOP leaders will ever get together and (in unison) show your support for Trump?If not this issue, it's hopeless
shall I go on.  there is more.  you use to be a patriot.
Even when in majority, you all are afraid of the media and the Dems
Why is GOP LT always so timid ?
And NOW
The woman had clearance. Hence, it was legal. Now, how about the sieve that is called the WH leaks? Or the incredible conflicts of interest?
Get over it and stop wasting time & money.  Investigate 45's Russian connections and stop deflecting
Does his head do a 360?
@LindseyGrahamSC Stay focused on the real story: Russian interference in our election with likely collusion by Trump Campaign.
I see they r so quick to want congress to  into this matter.. how about 
I wonder if @LindseyGrahamSC and @GOP keep protecting Trump because they're afraid of what Russia could dump on them? They have the info
Another scandal of the failed Obama administration
That's right @LindseyGrahamSC keep on pushing this false narrative. We should be thanking her that Flynn isn't in this administration
@LindseyGrahamSC we need to finish the Russian investigation by an independent prosecutor.
Bullshit Lindsey. You are doing Fix News' job. This is a distraction to cover up for Trumps lies.
and Lindsey Graham should get his nose out of @realDonaldTrump 's rectal orifice
Russia, Russia, Russia....
@LindseyGrahamSC Has become a spokesman for the Russian KGB. I am sure he is well paid for his TREASON against US.Supporter of Denny Hastert
@RandPaul @SenFeinstein @KamalaHarris @RepJimmyPanetta anything to distract from the Trump Russian debacle guys.
Blame, DEFLECT, DISCREDIT.... Putin has made a new buddy and his name is @LindseyGrahamSC ! Who's next...John McCaine?
Stop deflecting by going after Obama people... hurts your credibility.
I agree stop.we don't need an investigation on this,smokescreen to get you off Russia.lies lies lies.no truth in what he says. Votem out2018
She had no way of knowing who she was unmasking until the names were revealed.
Anything to distract from the gathering storm around the putin puppet. rig You are an accomplice if you deflect. History will remember you.
You know that she only get reports and information that is provided by the intel community. Why are you doing this
What about Flynn who committed crimes
absolutely correct action here
Congress is rubbish
Rice did it because of her job. You're doing this because of politics. You need to stop that crap!
I agree w/everyone else. Ur being ridiculous. And you keep saying the nuclear option is bad. Then DON'T DO IT. You don't have to.
This is pathetic. How about doing your job? How about looking into Trump's Russia connects? How about shutting off his blasted Twitter feed?
This is a smoke screen
Graham, that's BULL SHIT & u know it. Susan Rice was doing her job.  Its seems the GOP are trying to divert off Chucky Trump Russia ties.
Of course they should, no question about it. Likewise for Trumps possible Russia connection. Let's get the entire truth out there!
Congress should be looking into why they are not reacting to all the UNcontitutional acts Trump is doing!!
Sen. Graham, you are a disgrace. You should be ashamed of yourself. What about coming "out".
Rice has totally blown her career in government. As Obama's lap dog she publicaly lied about Benghazi.. her punishment was a position in NSA
@LindseyGrahamSC Oh GOD, not you too! #resist
Sure. Let's use the same independent prosecutor appointed to investigate #Trumprussia #TrumpTaxReturns
A lot of bunk to muddy the waters of treason. Shame on you Lindsey.
This is a great idea, it will lead you to more incriminating evidence about Trumpski!
Or not...
yes, after we look into trumps connections and collusion with russia first
go for it.  She will expose Trump's treason more and maybe faster than what's going on. It's appalling that he is still making policy now.
She is complicit in this act. Unethical and perhaps illegal. What did Obama know and why did he let it go on..
@LindseyGrahamSC this is nothing but GOP distraction from the treasonous acts of fake Nickel times 9. Fake scandal, fabricated desperation.
Russia @LindseyGrahamSC
Uh oh...if Politico is posting this, the dam must be breaking
The FBI should look into it.  Lawmakers are not trained investigators and they are too partisan to come to any meaningful conclusions.
Absolutely , independent bipartisan investigation (with people no longer in office) desperately needed.
Even Graham is making $hit up!
@LindseyGrahamSC So now u r on the distraction bandwagon?  Where are calls to investigate Nunes?  "Get to the bottom of all things Russia"?
Need 3 seperate Special Prosecutors for russia,trump campaign and leaks in our govt.
He's been flipped
I see an 18 month and 24 million dollar House investigation starting to form. GOP motto keep the light on the Democrats real or madeup.
Graham knows better. Now even he is a poodle for Trump.
Let us stay focused on the real issue at hand RUSSIA AND THEIR CONNECTION TO THE WH AND THEIR PART IN THE 2016 ELECTION. What else happening
So Congress should look into every fake news and distraction FoxNews and the President tweet or put out?Thats just disgraceful!Shame Lindsey
I support this but after Trump and cronies arrested
@LindseyGrahamSC wants to divert attention away from #GOPLawbreakers and their #StolenSupremeCourtSeat. P.S. #GorsuchSucks
Disgraceful how you joining the deflection team now.
@LindseyGrahamSC You are truly despicable.  You were suppose to care for this country.  You and yours have hosed it.
Graham seems to be folding
How fast GOP goes to ground....not invetsigating russian hacking just look into Rice unmasking request. GOP out beginning 2018
Distraction
Yes you should! It's about time the cloak of secrecy surrounding the murky dealings of the Obama admin come to light! His staff was shady.
they said you said it, they don't agree. There is actual treason going on, by your party's leaders. Investigate it, or you're complicit.
Why waste time on diversions
Why? Wasn't she acting NSC director? Didn't she have to fill out paperwork? Nothing nefarious. Only GOP strategy to deflect
But Russia
For as much as @LindseyGrahamSC is concerned by #Russia he's still bitterly partisan. May just see the Rice request as opp to hit Dems.
Rice should charge appearance fees. Them white good ol' boys sure like invest-a-gatin' her! Sho' enuff!
@LindseyGrahamSC 
Absolutely, this story will be bigger than Watergate
#BiggerThenWatergate
So ... we can safely take @LindseyGrahamSC off the "I don't want to go down in flames with treasonist Trump" list?
She was doing her JOB!
And you, @LindseyGrahamSC, should look in the mirror. #TheResistance
What, no one is going to demand an independent investigation???
more fodder more coverups. Obviously Trump is inbed with putin. I dont need past admin to uncloud it . Enough already do something.
no shit, start doing your damm job graham.
Ya think? What? Of course you should, it should have been the obvious focus from the beginning, the left is the source of the problem!
More distractions from the truth and more excuses to look busy is congress when they actually do nothing.
Graham acts like a leader then shows his true colors.
At this point everyone in Washington past and present should be under the microscope. Our country is under attack from within.
why the heck not. let's make everyone on @potus crap list testify under oath. save for themselves of course.
Lindsey, just when I thought you had grown a pair.
Very typical of Republican leadership: Let's focus on what anybody could have potentially done wrong, except #russiagate
"Republican leadership" is an oxymoron.
In the end, Graham always let you down. Russia, it's all about Russia.
3. If this was Hillary or Obama the @GOP would have either impeached by now!!!!
2. calling for all these side investigations is only trying to lessen the main story ----TRUMP/RUSSIA!  COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY!
Can you trust Congress to investigate anything?  Heck no!  Appoint Sheriff Joe Arpaio to get to the bottom of it!
Already shown that wasn't true - stop paying attention to Frumpy's conspiracy goons and get on with the Russian meddling!
Score one for the art of deflection! Job done. Let's lose focus, chase everyone's agenda.
We shouldn't let our civil liberties be violated because a president identifies with your ideology
1. @LindseyGrahamSC and the rest of them need to concentrate on the Russia issue first & foremost, then they can move on to the rest.
Wow. Graham said this? Now, CNN might be forced to cover the scandal.
Congress is doing a lot of stuff right now, and not really accomplishing much
For doing her job?!
Yeah qhen people running 4 Pres have Russian contacts, they usually ck them out, U know incase they R treasonous like Humpty Dumpty Trumpty
She committed major felonies. She needs to be indicted.
Have you ever read a book?
I read books in a regular basis. You should try it. The demise of the democrat party was the topic of the most recent book that I read.
You read "in a regular basis." Poor grammar. You should read more.
Ahh, the liberal spell police are on patrol. I feel safe now. You got my point, obviously.
