He's the target of investigation involving Russian mobsters and money laundering. His campaign is target of the treason investigation.
Actually, this is a counter surveillance investigation. NOT CRIMINAL
There are multiple investigations.
Sure. FBI, Congress and senate investigation. None of them criminal. None of them are targeting trump and no evidence of collusion
You should read more and watch tv less.
COWARD! REPUBLICANS ARE SILENT AND CHOSE PARTY OVER COUNTRY
so your thoughts have a two day shelf life? you're like an old avocado
Well, you believe wrong.
But you have no proof he isn't though right? Right? I mean if you've been told otherwise, you need to talk more.
Graham thinks get pass if he says he didn't know. Dumb and dumber is not a pass. Kudos to those who stand.
@LindseyGrahamSC needs to think about the fact that a recent poll shows Democrats 16% ahead of @GOP for votes in 2018.
Well therewe go you are party over country #disapointing but not surprising
I no longer believe that @LindseyGrahamSC is looking out for the best interests of these United States.  I believe he is #Complicit
Hey @chucktodd why did you let Lindsey Graham lie about this? Here watch Comey say the exact opposite.
Here it is on tape
VIDEO: @LindseyGrahamSC (@GrahamBlog) has left @chucktodd VERY disappointed today regarding #TrumpRussiaCollusion: 
There is evidence that Trump colluded with Russia to influence the election when he urged them to hack Clinton's email right on TV
I'm curious, Senator. Wondering how you are so sure Trmp isn't under investigation. Wondering why you are agnst independent investigation.
your still protecting this man. Your putting your career at stake for a man who wants to help destroy us
Many disagree.  Many believe we need a special prosecutor.  Republicans don't seem all that willing to do anything.  Do the right thing.
boy is ur head in the sand This man is crooked,money laundering, collusion, pay for play!  It goes on and on
Trump's law firm.
Graham has his head up his posterior!

.@LindseyGrahamSC, #FulfillYourOath & call for a special prosecutor to investigate Russia’s election interference 
Can't give Trump fuel his delusional thoughts. Will only encourage to dig in about "No there there" when there is something "There here".
Then you sir are complicit. What are you afraid of? What have you done?
Then appoint an independent investigation into this and get to the bottom of it so everyone will know it has been done right!
You don't appoint an independent investigator in a counter surveillance investigation. Take a civics class. Study the law
You are wrong! 49 Senators are calling for an independent investigation!  Do your homework.
Is there any Republican who has not sold his soul?
mitch mcconnell?

Just throwing this out there, he was okay whIle in KY..
Mitch is one of the most ridiculous hard headed repubs out there
I recall one good deed he did, can't remember it now though  
I believe you are wrong. Too much was going on in Trump Tower during transition.He needs to be investigated & turn over years of his taxes.
Not to his knowledge only because it hasn't been revealed before his eyes, he knows it's coming.
LOL!!!
so.... the intelligence community does not know what it's doing?
too many mint julips
But he is.
Graham formally being a judge advocate should know better to NOT FLOAT A CONCLUSSION on a ongoing not completed investigation.
Wow libs heads exploded after @LindseyGrahamSC  set them straight.
Buck stops w/the President.Collusion does not matter as much as Putin tipped election so it is illegitimate. Replace him w/McCain & Sanders.
What's in his emails? He is either blackmailed or is ignorant. My bet: Russians have his emails too!
Doesn't @LindseyGrahamSC see that these kind of statements fuel the after-the-fact justification of our increasingly paranoid POTUS?
Well, he is.
And it is a counter surveillance investigation. How many times do dems need to hear that before they stop spreading stop spreading lies
Trump met with the Russians denying American press right after firing Comey. Holy crap @LindseyGrahamSC that's selling out America. #resist
Lindsey likes to talk like a maverick, but he walks like a servile @GOP puppy dog
If you're really coming out and trying to sell this to the American people..do us all a favor and resign.
How can he not be?
It's certainly not preventing him from OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE!
Here you see it! R giving Trump cover. GOP going to pay one hell of a price for putting party first
If that were true Comey would still have a job. Wake up Graham.
This president you insist in protecting is going to leave you the @GOP with a bag of sh*t in your hands. Protect the constitution not #Trump
You are as delusional as trump and just as big a hypocrite!
Then what is Trump so afraid of?  He's acting like a mob boss sure he's going to get whacked by one of his own henchmen any day now.
Did you take bayrock money too?
Really?
Explain target. . .
as in.. he is a cooperative....
That is exactly why people are upset with the Republican party. You are as crazy as 45 if you think the party will not pay the price in 2018
Tell that to piece of shit Joe Scarborough @JoeNBC
Why is it appropriate for the senator to comment about an active, ongoing investigation?
It took over a year for Comey to find Hillary innocent. Be patient, maybe Trump is innocent too. But then why is Trump acting so guilty?
I don't believe a word you say.  You are complicit.  Share the definition of that with Ivanka
@LindseyGrahamSC Nice to see you toe party line you p.o.s. I lost a lot of respect for you. Makes me wonder if all you #GOP slugs are dirty.
They are!!
Well Sir I love you but you've been WRONG before & I believe you'll find you are again! #GoldStarDad https://www.c-span.org/video/?183823-1/iraqi-weapons-mass-destruction …
It looks like he's a ..willing..participant! Special Prosecutor needs to go back Years into Trumps ties to Russia!
@LindseyGrahamSC Yes you do but you have NO INTEGRITY and are not serving our country but YOURSELF.  Kiss your carreer GOODBYE!
Any remaining respect or hope in LG just flew out the window. Need ALL new blood in the WH... reg folks to serve the public, not RULE THEM.
The left will whine very loudly over that statement.
Nobody expects him to say anything but whatever enters his mind that moment. When Trump is impeached he will say he's always supported that.
, @LindseyGrahamSC willfully has his head in the sand or is outright lying.
right, it seems the investigation is over, and he will be held accountable.
Denial much?????????
Doesn't really matter, he already lied under oath about Felix Sater. You voted to impeach Bill Clinton for less.
No Russian money pouring, treason, violations of RICO/Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Now that Bulger's retired, Lindsi IS Corrupt Midget.
@LindseyGrahamSC R U KIDDING? Take off the blinders, step up, make GOP hold this admistration accountable.
Oh. So @LindseyGrahamSC is MTPing while off his meds again.
What do they have on him? He's giving mixed signals.
No mr. Graham he is the Russia investigation it's time for you to stop bothering the bread and be at Patriot need to have a backbone
I don't believe he's a president.
It seems as if we've all been sucked up into trump's fantasy world in his head. We just need to find the key to unlock the door AND GET OUT.
I try. Everyday. Until I see at least 1 of these assholes indicted I have no faith left in our government.
I know. How much crazier can it get? Dare I say that?  I can't wrap my mind around why Trump & his minions are allowed to break the law?
Agreed. If a civilian did anything close to what they've done they'd be in prison. Wtf?
This question is what keeps me up at night. Have we as a nation sunk so low to cheer for a racist, sexist, liar, and traitor? WHY???
No 'we' doll. They. I didn't want nor will accept any of this bullshit.
I always believed the needs of the many outweighed the need of the few. I feel as if I'm in an alternate world....When can I get off? Lol
"I do not what Trumps Russian handlers to release compromising material about me"
Yes, they hacked the Republicans,  specifically Lindsey Graham.
Yes, they did.  The RNC stuff just wasn't released
Because this is when it is valuable to threaten them with.
What you believe is irrelevant. What is factual is relevant. Americans demand an #IndependentInvestigation. Get on it. #Trumprussia
So you know more about this than an esteemed patriot and senator? 
Sounds like you may be guilty as well.  @GOP "leadership" is pathetic and complicit.
We the people know this. You waste our taxpayer's money on fruitless political endeavors of government.
Graham is all over the place. Whichever way the wind blows.
No chit! Amirite?
Senator, if you believe Trump is being investigated, why do you support him firing Comey?
He just said he is NOT being investigated.
AWKWARD! Thanks for the correction Rich. I definitely missed the NOT.
Let me guess... secretly he is a comedian.
LOL.......
Hahaha
