is that an earpiece? Is it President Bannon in your ear?
and let us pray that someone with some sense who understands exactly how immoral & unsuited this #sessions is #unpatriotic
whether you agree with her or not, why were you silent about Senator Warren?  I vote in SC and hoped for better from you
This Rock Hillian, now in Atlanta, urges you to see that Sessions has no credibility on voting rights.  NONE.
shame on you
Shame on you!
I guess you will be supporting #ElChapoGuzman for Drug Czar next? #sellingout.  At least @SenWarren has some backbone!
and licking his ass
And you were someone in Congress that I liked/ respected. How can you support unqualified people like Sessions and DeVoe?
Keep up your terrific work, Senator. :)
please vote no.
President for sale He'll tweet for you (or against) All he wants is Dolla's. You can hold the sense! @Trevornoah@seanspicer
you should be ashamed! when will you and @SenJohnMcCain put country first against this President?
1/2 A slap in the face of my family n friends of Emmanuel Church. We will not forget. I told them that those were crocodile
2/2 years from Nikki, Tim, n you. Now they see and we will now judge you at the polls. Suppression or not
Grow a pair & VOTE NO to his racist being! You & @SenJohnMcCain talk a good game but then you cave to party pressure.  Sad!
How in the world are you supporting Trump?
encourage you to vote no, but sir I admire you for fighting against the AuthorityWhite House.hurt comparing us 2 Russiangov
http://www.politicususa.com/2017/02/09/lindsey-graham-mansplains-elizabeth-warrens-silencing-was-long-overdue.html … #traitor
As a SC voter who feels you & @SenatorTimScott don't stand for me, I wish you'd at least let @elizabethforma do it for you.
As a South Carolina citizen, deeply saddened to hear that. #CivilRights matter.
Shame! Shame! Shame! For voting for Devos.
Shame on you for supporting an obvious racist.
plz don't senator
LINDSEY GRAHAM IS NOT YOUR FRIEND...ANY REPUBLICAN  IS NOT YOUR FRIEND.
\
.@LindseyGrahamSC Senator, Sessions personally hired to Team Trump the No. 1 suspect in Russian hacking, Carter Page
Sessions is a racist ass!
and you voted for him when you shouldn't have. See? Everyone makes mistakes
Check out the InfoWars website for more.
Trump was Tweeting about daughter clothing line this morn,during intel briefing please stop him
Thank You Sir!!!
Please vote your conscious and not your "Southern" brotherhood.  You already sold your soul by voting yes on Devos.
She is a horrible person .. her push for "for profit charter schools" devastated inner city Detroit ..
I know it and they (@GOP) certainly knew it when they voted her in.  They love her conservative agenda.
I don't expect you to take stand against Sessions, but please reconsider your role in advocating strongly for him.
NO WAY!  #stopsessions
I am asking you to vote please what is right. I am concerned by Sen. Session,civil/voting rts.I observed his odd ideas rt?
unfollow.
senator Graham I hope you have received my letter email outlining how I look up to you to keep American safe and calm fear.
please read Corretta Scott King's letter out loud. Thanks!
Shame on you!
stand up for your country, Lindsey. Don't pull another DeVos on us, please!
SC here.  Good vote on Devos and Upcoming on Sessions.  Please separate from McCain.
I've lost respect for you sir. And in the dark of night, that man you see in the mirror feels the same way.
just follow the leader.  You have no soul or conscience.
SHAME ON YOU! You know better. Appalling.
and we thought that maybe you were a good one. #paidfor
Confirms a clueless and dangerous Billionaire Devos today and next up a racist to protect our voting rights. SAD!
.@LindseyGrahamSC Please tell me you'll oppose Pruitt at least. He will completely destroy the EPA. He's made a career of it.
glad trump is forcing you to be a patriot! Stand up for america!
The one who helped draft the EO you spoke about, and was too racist to be confirmed as a judge?  Act principles you speak.
he doesn't understand that diversity & equal protection is part of what makes America. Dig deep, vote for the people
One NAZI ?
Sessions isnot the best choice, but we all know you will put Party over People. GOP drunk with power. Wait for the hangover
The only way to redeem yourself is to do the responsible thing and vote NO 4 those that cannot do the job. NO 4 Sessions
think of the damage Trump has done in 2 weeks, the lies he tells & unfit nominees he chooses  It is a tragedy U shld stop

Why vote Yes 4 nominees with no experience, knowledge, ethics & have been fined? Why not resp. knowledgeable honest people
Session is happy ass to Prichard..
how does it feel being lapdog to a reality tv show host and a white supremacist?  #justaskin

~ You're reminding the GOP why they voted against him before, right?
you should be ashamed supporting this nominee!
devos, sessions and tillerson. You should have voted in favor of the country if you had any balls!
not many excited about your tweet, probably not Sessions fans, he's no good for America. Look ahead Lindsey, this is bad!
Guess is safe to go back to hating you again. Sigh
should not be speaking kindly, but im sure you are
vote NO on Sessions.  Like other nominees, he is unqualified.
For all your posturing against POTUS, too bad you wimped out on the Sec. of Ed. vote.
Another Russian puppet. @LindseyGrahamSC
I'd ask you to vote #NoSessions, but since you didn't listen to us, your constituents, on the DeVos vote, you won't now
disappointed in you to say the least
No point in presenting any arguments one way or the other. It's the donors who have already decided. You're not relevant.
I am a democrat who used to respect you and consider you one of the "sane ones".You lost that when Betsy paid for your vote
@SenatorTimScott got 49k to betray our kids..how much are women and black people worth?  Vote NO on Sessions
You KKK folks need to stick together.  You are not our representative.
Thanx for voting DeVos SOE She's trying to get #InnerCityKids educated so they can succeed. #LeftPolicy & NEA hasn't worked
Great ... we've had civil rights for way too long in the country. (<-- sarcasm, ok?)
you let Devos get through. Sessions is at least qualified though flawed but Devos? I'm so disappointed in you & I admire u
unless you're gonna resist him, I dgaf
thought you had a conscience. Sold your soul to your Russian president and now you'll endorse his henchman.  Sad
--you needed to step up today but painfully silent. DeVos terribly unqualified.  You know that. Disappointed supporter
Some SC voters very disappointed about Sessions and Devos.
and I suppose you will vote for him just as you did for the Amway/Blackwater queen, DeVos. Pathetic.
he is a racist
please! From a SC voter- ask for a qualified and dignified professional and stop this good ol' boy staffing NOW!
.@LindseyGrahamSC and the Republican Party are #BatShitCrazy
done with you.
Sessions is incredibly unqualified and is too racially motivated for the position.
don't forget your pointy white hat.
you will NOT get my vote next time. And a whole lot of people I know know you're a political prostitue, too
but you're a political prostitute, too. Quit selling out
sessions helped with the unconstitutional discriminatory Muslim ban idea. You better stand for something. I hope is 
The man is not qualified and you know that. Do the right thing
You've done enough damage.  Go away.
Please don't do this Sessions is a racist
Country over party, Senator. Come on.
are we to assume you're going to sell us out AGAIN and vote yes for your buddy?
disagree totally.
Please don't vote yes for this man. He doesn't represent us. He is a racist and doesn't support women's reproductive rights
Very disappointed in you vote on Betsy DeVos. Irresponsible. #ShameShameShame
Please vote your conscience, unlike with #DeVos.
Shameful! U know Sessions is racist & will rubberstamp Trump's authoritarian agenda. Putin blackmailing u 2? #stopsessions
spoiler alert: you're going to tow the party line and endorse him. No one saw that coming
I have lost all respect for you.We will remember what you did.
maybe you could speak about the lying president of the United States
I hope you are saying that he's an awful choice and you will vote NO!
Just Say NO !!!
too bad you'll approve him. Special education students do not thank you.
with all of the party reps, the best you guys could come up with is Sessions and Devos?
Why bother 
Sir, this is your chance to be a bona fide patriot and change history. It's time to consider your legacy and our future.
You should be ashamed after your showing on the  DeVos vote. You're such a disappointment.
Why do we even need Congress if you are all so spineless you can't stand up to Bannon's bad choices?
I thought you were sane. Go flock yourself. Sessions is a bigot. Birds of a feather flock together.
Have lost so much respect for you. Your cowardice in toeing the line this morning was reprehensible #GOP
you've failed already. No one cares.
say NO on Sessions.  Country before party
why do you even tweet? We already know you are bending over to Trump- you're a disappointment!
traitor #VoteThemOut2018
Shameful that only 2 republicans had backbone to stand up for competency in nominees. Can't wait until November.
Please vote "no" in this nominee. 2017 is no place for Jeff Sessions.
You sir are a #SellOut.
unless you're supporting him, please sit down.
You showed you're not willing to put American children first with vote for DeVos. We won't forget at election time. Shame.
The dems are showing what a sad bunch they are.
I'm sorry Senator, but you lost all credibility after your DeVos vote. No Thank You for your service.
VOTE NO!
shame on you. have some dignity and self respect and represent the people. not the interest of your party
VOTE NO
Of course you are good with voter suppression and discrimination.
Dump him.. Devos is a joke and Sessions is a little mean man who wants racial discourse in this country.
Devos not qualified.  So you broke your word.
go ahead say yes until he's change LGBT laws that will affect u oh wait stay in the closet
You are such a hypocrite .. can't be against Russia and signing off on President Bannon's agenda .. same thing.
So what? Fired @LindseyGrahamSC
...TO YOUR EVERLASTING SHAME.
Be ashamed for jeopardizing the future of millions of students. Now you're willing to jeopardize civil rights of millions
Lets get thus thing rolling. We never did this to Obama. Repubs were more classy. @GOP - show some UNITY. Dimms llost minds
Thank you for voting to confirm DeVos. Please vote to confirm Sessions too. A perfect fit for AG.
No hope for you; Trump's a prosperity Christian
He isn't saved 
You're following a Godless man 
Bible specific about this
it used to be God, Country, Party; now Trump, party, country, and God somewhere
so disappointed in you. Sad.
how do we get congress to govern for the people you serve and not your personal agendas?    Term limits!
You have to know, just like DeVos, the people do not want Sessions confirmed.  The GOP is bringing our country down.
vote NO on sessions, price and puzder if a shred of ethics left in the gop
shame on you on Devos.  Our children are our most precious resource. I am ashamed of the GOP!   Lost my vote
PLease get him approved as soon as possible. He is a good decent man and he needed on job.
you pretended to be honorable, then you vote for your party & not the people you represent. Sad day for American families.
You voted for DeVos, you have no moral authority to say you are the conscious of the Republican Party

I would like you to vote no on Sessions but what is the point of asking since you clearly don't care about constituents?
just keep letting the country roll down hill.
another bad decision. I don't know how you sleep at night. Next election,#you'refired
please vote against Sessions!!!
nobody cares what you say anymore. Your vote can be bought and you have no character. You have betrayed Americas children.
Very powerful speech Question can't Congress remove these people from office after thr approved if warranted
If you aren't going to oppose him, at least show some shame and destroy our nation in silence, rather than grandstanding. @LindseyGrahamSC
Also, you are a sellout! Did you "hold your nose" when you voted for De Vos???
vote no
#Excellent. Call out Trump when needed, but must move govt. forward. The people have spoken. Thanks for all you do.
Yes and no matter what impact he will have onAmerica, you will ignore and vote for him. Every vote will be remembered.
Jeff Sessions is EVIL.....
NO. He is a racist!
let's see how this goes
Vote NO on KKK member Sessions.
You know that as AG of Alabama, he destroyed the Klan in the state, right?
DO NOT SELL OUT OUR COUNTRY TO A RACIST
please make certain he will stand up to Trump's future unconstitutional demands.
sad not one man had enough balls to vote no.  Explain to your grandchildren
Sen Graham, thank you for supporting Sessions. Also, for not reading your statement.
Senator,I very much appreciate how u call balls/strikes on everything/everyone.Sessions is qualified. #TrumpAccountability
Charleston massacre is why you should vote no. A yes on Sessions is a yes for hate.   Stop him
And I'm sitting here rolling a joint, so fuck Jeff Sessions.
All these morons calling Sessions a racist and a bigot are ridiculous! He's no more racist than the obama's are!
you must vote no on Sessions. Just like you should have on #devos you should be ashamed
if vote to confirm bad nominees, that means you endorse bad govt
hope you used plenty of ChapStick to protect your lips during that ass kissing.
He's an absolutely horrible racist. Another terrible Trump pick.
