Why are trying to figure out a way to impeach Trump, and never went out to impeach Obama who WAS guilty!
Why wouldn't Gorsuch taking SCOTUS not be = 2 stealing stolen property given GOP & Sen M. McConnell's actions last year?
This was Obama's pick!  Republicans are cheating fucks on this one!
pleas admit you are a democrat and you would love to see potus fail
give him hell
I like Gorsuch.  Thanks for good questions
.@LindseyGrahamSC Best comments and questions thus far in Gorsuch hearing.
Suppose HRC had won. U learn her people are under FBI/NSA investigation for colluding w/ enemy state. Her SCOTUS pick=DOA
I appreciated your questions, historical context, and spirit. (And I hv not been a fan of yours for years) u make sense now
You and McCain gonna tag team him?
PLEASE do not allow Mr. Gorsuch to be confirmed before the FBI had completed its investigation of Russia.
GO NUCLEAR
Why does Trump get to pick a SCOTUS nominee even though he's under a FBI investigation? Hearings should be postponed!
please remind us your reasons for not extending the same courtesy to Merrick Garland last year.
This man is a mistake.  Merrick Garland deserved better treatment.  Stolen seat.  No SCOTUS during investigation/campaign.
Watching you today was like watching a kid at a circus.  Your disrespect for President Trump is appalling.  For you as a republican resign
He is an honorable man plain and simple and so deserves to be on our Supreme Court!!  Obama' picks sucked now make our scales fair!!
Trump is a by-product, not an outlier. #thugs #hypocrisy #TrumpWhiteNationalistParty
This vote is illegitimate as the presidency is in question. Please do not proceed. All of 
 these shenanigans are damaging our democracy.
Roe V Wade answer was one of the most scripted and practiced I've ever seen. Stick to the law, stay out of acting
kiss a few backsides. Never. Not while we have a Russian president should you appoint his nominees for life. You're out nxt
A President under the dark cloud of a counterintelligence investigation should make no lifetime appointments.
too bad... go Gorsuch!
46 likes.  Wow.  Voters are tired of you not supporting our President.  Stop the DC crap, please.
Ask him about his political ethics- example Judge Ginsburg. This can not be tolerated by any Supreme Judge.
Nomination of SCOTUS should not happen-stolen from Obama administration + questions about Trump & Russia are unresolved
the GOP nominee deserves the same respect you gave Garland. NO! 8 is great!
Ask about the woman's right to keep government out of her bits, or uterus. How about a guarantee for women to obtain birth control.
Our CURRENT administration is under investigation!!! Any SCOTUS pick should be delayed!
I'm sure you'll have hard questions like 'What's your favorite Gilmore Girls episode?', 'Can I give you a footrub?'
this should not be happening until we know if 45's team colluded w the Russians. Why allow a traitor to choose SCOTUS?
@magicdmw you stole that seat. No respect
since you seem unconcerned with the theft of this seat I have no interest in the softballs you will pitch
I am sure there will be some hard hitting ??'s  Hi, what is your favorite color? Can you count to 20? #partisanhack
give him a chance to answer!  You're questioning him like you're a liberal! Not impressed by U!
Got a few softballs lined up?
thank you for taking the time to clarify the Demos un-patriotic line of quests trying to discredit this judge.. well put.
thank you for your legislation on protecting the unborn baby and saying abortion on demand. Very clear. To the point.
Ask him why he thinks Garland was never considered.
we are waiting for the actual questioning to begin, enough with the commentary.
DO THE RIGHT THING
listening to you this very moment, you make me proud to be an American. Thank you for your statesmanship! #thisisleadership
Remember "Country over Party" and demand delaying till after #TrumpRussiaCollusion investigations are Done! #ImpeachTrump
One of my historical heroes, Alexander Hamilton #lives, not just on Broadway.Judge Gorsuch will represent us well.Thank you
so, tweeting is the best use of your time...South Carolina must be proud...
I want the transcript. Excellent
translation: performing kissy face warm-up exercises. #FakeLeadership #Sad
ask him if you should censure Trump for slandering @BarackObama
laughable nothing you could say about obama would be slander.
country above party please.  Gorsuch must be willing to push back against any branch that over-reaches
Yes!
Ask him why he thinks women get pregnant to milk businesses.
all 3 branches are working for Trump? Be fair!
Gee, and I wonder how "tough" your questioning will be
Trump is in the last year of his presidency and we shouldn't let Putin get a nominee on #SCOTUS

Ask him about Presidents who commit treason.  And demand no vote until #TrumpRussia investigations are complete.
and how much time Obama can spend in prison.
Country over Party Sir  Do what is best for the PEOPLE, not for the big corporations.  How can America be ruled fairly
please, NO confirmation, legislation while POTUS being investigated by #FBI #RussiaHearing #wedemandanswers #noreelection
Please wait for the investigation of Trump to be completed before any nominations are confirmed.
right... 
Vote NO on Gorsuch as long as president is under criminal investigation. Felons don't get to make lifetime appt to SC!
ask him if Garland was treated fairly. Ask if time limit on advise & consent shld result in  passive consent.
make sure you ask him why thinks women milk maternity leave
he*
remember how you treated Garland - oops forgot y'all wouldn't even hold hearings or talk to him.
On my knees begging, on behalf of America. Pls don't trust him. Like Trump, he'll say ANYTHING to get what he wants. 
Ask him if women "work" maternity leave
can't wait to hear if you act like a conservative or the RINO you are!
not so fast Senator Graham, hold off until we find out what the Russian ties are #IllegitimatePresident
Don't forget the balls.
Thank you. Pls ask him about his position on the torture of captured enemy combatants.
Pay attention, you might learn something!
.@LindseyGrahamSC ...tweeting with phone under his desk
ppl forget the ban @SpeakerRyan put on feeds from inside congress. But guess GOP get special rules
Thanks for holding a town hall. Looking forward to it! 
https://www.facebook.com/events/172259953290684/?ti=icl …
please try 2 delay any confirmation until we determine Trump's status RE Russia. If T is illegitimate pres, can't confirm G
Nah, confirm him, and most of Trump's religious right to life support goes away.
Can you ask him where he stands on a President who commits Treason?
Like Clinton and Obama
