Do your jobs! Millions depend on it. I'm part of the working poor. We desperately need solutions.
President Donald Trump can fix it but it will take some time.
That doesn't work. They've had years.
Lets see Obama had eight years to fix it and he broke it, President Donald Trump can fix it.
Really. How? Be specific.
With President Donald Trump America will be great again, Oil from Alaska will flow more.
Why not FIX what's wrong with #ACA & do what's in best interest of Amer. ppl instead of wealthy?! Christians are supposed to care about poor

I want a bipartisan bill. Is that to much to ask?
If Pres. Trump did what Graham says and let ObamaCare collapse, imagine how media would handle that.
They would call for Trump's impeachment and want him skinned alive. Or is Graham a Rino?
Trump should let Dems and Obamacare fail buy he is in it for the people
Trump hasn't dazzled me with his brilliance & Conway never baffled me with her bullshit. Impeach him now!
To be fair, the @GOP are trying to force ACA to collapse. Trump signed on his 1st day to block funding
This is the one statement I agree with Lindsey Graham about!
It's a lazy man's way out. Own it!
Own what?
"Let Obamacare collapse"?! Why not just FIX it?! Then name it after our new president - BannonCare @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS
Rand Care, not RINO Care, Mr. President.
As usual Fox News doesn't give a shit about the millions that will die is ACA disappears w no replacement!
Let it collapse.   Remember boys, whatever you do the public is watching and are all waiting to VOTE in2018
If in doubt pull out
why don't you just walk away Graham and take your ISIS friend McCain with you.
It's too much like Obama Care.
Lindsay is another chump
Obamacare did nothing for middleclass. Trumpcare even worse. 64yr old premiums going up $1700. To $14,000.
Lindsey is always acting like KING, never working as a team to help the good - a stand alone PUNK
yes

If @realDonaldTrump's #GOP repeal the #ACA, thousands upon thousands of vets & their families will lose health care. Will Fischer explains… 
I'm sure he'd love for Trump to walk away. Him and his butt buddy McCain can stick a couple of more knives in his back.
that seems to be more important to Trump. Then the United States of American people. We are last on agenda.
You can't find Graham's or McCain's fingerprints on anything except a microphone. They are Swamp People
Trump won't let it collapse he wants to make a name for himself if nothing else.
or maybe you could keep Obamacare fix part that you think are soooo broken.
As an independent contractor, Obamacare cut my insurance costs in half. Please don't wreck it.
Hey bud it's better than the last bill Obamacare, that only helped  Dems special interest and not Americans
yep. Let it collapse.
@realDonaldTrump 

Let Obama Care implode.
Obama's Medicaid/welfare is
Muslim based
I don't support it
President Trump is failing to lead on repeal and replace.  This is too Obama care like.  It must be dead on arrival to the Senate.
Do nothing, no care, no wall , no travel ban, that's Obama,s 8 year legacy!!
Yes, let it collapse back on the liberal democrats, and let them come running back or their plan!!
let it fail and make the Democrats get involved with a solution
one of the most encouraging comments to come out about Trump/Ryandeathcare to come out of any politician!
For once I actually agree with @LindseyGrahamSC. We need @POTUS to make the GOP keep their word!! REPEAL and Replace
Repeal. Get back to free market system..
easy for rich people to say. Ask middle America. They have the most to lose. They voted for Trump
Glad to see U are always looking out for the American people & doing what's RIGHT!!! Shameful!!!
I think if we can just keep you away from John McCain you could really be good for the country. Separate yourself from him he is an anchor
Pres wont walk away that would hurt all Americans as would collapse of obamacare Pres wants to make healthcare work for everyone
Senator, Improving the ACA is the American thing to do.  Drop the partisan politics & do the right thing.
He only wants to "win".Not if we all loose r if its good for the US.Its just about winning & attention.
Very disappointed in this mentality. Don't much like quitters.
Lindsey- you walked away when  the ACA was being created DO YOUR JOB and get healthcare working lazy POS
don't you mean the president should just walk away from his job?
- just don't have the guts of Dems. Afraid of not being reelected. They would be if repeal & replace fails
- repubs have been screaming repeal , now that it's here they are fighting one another. One upsmanship ?
Go kiss #GeorgeSoros and traitor McCain for us, OK sissy boy? You're the swamp! #MAGA #TermLimits
Grahams nutty reasoning: Let ACA implode on it's own so Dems would be forced to work w/GOP. Like raging #snowflakes would do that.
He doesn't want Dems to work with Repubs. He wants Dems to completely fail.
Then anything Repubs come up with will seem ok. unacceptable!! Sounds like a teenager!
another failure for #trump
Well Senator, you are showing your true colors: Party WAY over country...
It's bad enough that we have to listen to Democrats and the far left liberals so sad that speak like them
Instead of going on CNN saying things against Our President you need to try to talk and work out problems
I am so troubled that you are coming against President Trump it is time you all need to work together Pray
Senator Graham, do you & Sen McCain wish Hillary had won? Do you? Will you sabotage our one chance to MAGA?
Don't even go there-both are true Republican-Trump is faux Republican.
@IsraelNewsLinks @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS First thing Graham has said that I agree with. Let O-care die a slow painful death
I wish you could all have your medical coverage taken away, U are all such a bunch of #hypocrites.
Thankful that you have placed country before party and taking a stand for what is right. Thank you so much!
White House analysis of Obamacare repeal sees even deeper insurance losses than CBO
I agree, let it collapse,
OR do what's rational & logical--->fix parts of Obamacare.Don't throw away the baby w/ the bath water.
no one is disputing ACA needs improvement.But what you propose is anti Christian. help those less fortunate
You've got to do something to keep ACA afloat while you sort out a truly affordable replacement. FFS Care!
let 21 million people lose healthcare. Now that is responsible as our representative.
why cant you Mr. GRAHAM takes a clue from the Dems and show loyality to President. Complain to him not CNN
Forget the political fallout. Do what you were voted in to do. Put out a serious plan.
Thank God all our friends and family in Myrtle Beach and SC agree Graham is gone next election. Drain Swamp
these cmnts are hilarious. Leave iT alone, ok we will it'll collapse. Oh how unamerican of you. Lol lol lol
well that's one approach.
let obamacare implode then let Dems explain why their program & lies failed the people
Quit using Obama as a scapegoat. Your POTUS promised to give America something better!
Now u have 2 examples to cheat off of- ACA which is "imploding" and Trumptycare. Should b
able to use best of both to make another attempt.
fixing what's not working would be smart Trump was a real leader he'd get both sides in and get it done!
The first time Graham has spoken any common sense
I think many of us know ACA wasn't perfect. It was a good start. Find solutions!
Put on some big boy panties and fix the ACA!
way to go Senator Graham keep fighting!
I didn't realize that quitting was now part of the American culture!
U mean "Let us repubs make sure ACA fails by restricting Medicaid & working with insurers 2 limit choice."?
Man,I'm so glad neither McCain nor Graham won the elections!
Graham won the election that counted-Senator for SC.
Graham is right.If it collapses maybe the Democrats will come back and do their jobs? Republican won't like that!
It would be great if Graham walked away from politics. Ugh
How about same health care plan as Congress ,,, for all Americans??
GOP is cutting out programs that help the poor. VOTE THEM OUT 2018.
Yes!  Fuck the people you serve, they are your subjects now and they need to feel who's boss now!
Because a true leader doesn't give up.....
so you don't give a shit about anyone else but you it seems?
gov needs 2get out of healthcare- everything they do gts mesed up- now the mil leaders r mesng up t troops
totally agree. Let the dimms have their plan. When it fails they'll fail in 2018 elections.
why does Graham think he and McCain can tell POTUS what to do? Did we elect them to be POTUS? NOT
Let ObamaCare IMPLODE then Watch BabyBoomers Castrate Democrats for no Medicare Coverage promised at age 65
how is Trump to fix Obamacare??? No support from Repubs or Democrats. But ALL agree ACA is a disaster.
ok, at least Graham was respectful to our President. That deserves a thumbs up.
Thank You for supporting Trump tonight, instead of taking a jab
it will not fail. Because the rich are getting richer. And they don't want to pay. There fair share.
Can't believe that so called Christians are so blind to Trump's corruption.
How is that MAGA??
Wow Trump wants to give the super Rich a Tax break and take Health care away from the poorest Americans.
That was very selfish of you Senator since you don't have to use it. Take your own advice, walk away.
I mean damn they going to cry if you do they cry if you don't. .libs can't make mind up
Amen Sen Graham.  Thank you for thinking of Americans rather than how you can make a buck off of Americans.
Finally something  I agree with Graham about.
I so agree let obamacare fail can't please everyone someone going 2 complain
Hilarious. That's about right.
time for Graham to walk away and shut his mouth!
Absolutely stand up policy recommendation. #LinseyandDrumpfNazis
wrong message but typical from an old guard politician that needs to retire
Come on Sen Graham...that's not an American answer. If you can't pass a better bill, fix what we have got.
I agree let fold up and get gov out of health care business. Look how anything the gov runs works  like 
Let it collapses and Trump And the republicans will own that and will be blamed BIG TIME.
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr fix ACA! Stop playing politics with my healthcare!!
That is fine with me.  The problem is the costs are way too high for services and medicine.
loved what you said and how you said it. Makes perfect sense! I'm quite impressed
can't leave the mandate on the table the mandate crushes the working man and keeps the poor,poor
O'Reilly, you were hysterical tonight !!!! Great show.
The "it's easier to just quit" option. Glad he didn't win presidency! Huge mess takes hard work to clean up
https://t.co/TM38pXEsOBAnd  Trump Inc Machine is rolling in the dough , Kushner swinging deals with China .
Amen hallelujah!!!
trump just takeing care of the rich
maybe you all  should have thought about this before it hit so bad. Not until it was too late for some ppl
Graham is right. This bill is awful. Why the rush to pass it when it hurts so many GOP voters?
All Americans deserve health care. Rich, poor, young, old healthy and sick.
exactly! Why can't we let Ocare collapse before repeal & replace. Once it collapses GOP has more leverage
no win situation here, prez knows its broken, has to fix it or that will be challenged also!Hes in a corner
@Crazy8ADELLA @LindseyGrahamSC @POTUS -How patriotic
And just chalk it up to ANOTHER LIE..
The reality is Repubs own Obamacare and Trumpcare because POTUS promised to repeal and replace.
I don't agree with you on alot of things but you're right on mark with this!!
NO WONDER TRUMP OR RYAN DIDN'T WANT 2 PUT THEIR NAME ON THIS- POOR R PRICED OUT - RICH GET BREAK
Idiots..quality getting taken away from middle class, cant hire new peple, 6000$ deductibles...wt hell ruta
yes I think Trump should just walk away from Obama care. Let it implode, then wait till the Democrats beg!!
I vote for that let it fail and it is failing
I'd feel more confident if it were POTUS Trump who personally wrote this bill & not the Politicians!
guy on right looks like guy from NewsRadio
Best thing the Lindsey said long time! just repeal the bill. extensive study for 2 months by outsider group
Repeal the Public sector health care & give them the same as the People.U will then c motivated Politicans
why walk away, fixed the parts of Obamacare that don't work.  The people need you to take action not walk
I don't often agree with Lindsey but he's right on this. Better to let it fail than to own a disaster.
great leadership advice, NOT!
lindseygraham would walk away from the bill...so he and cronies can rob more citizens!
repeal.  Let the states replace.
Trump already said it would be easy to let it collapse, but it would hurt too many ppl. He wont do that.
Don't listen to Graham...he is not a uniter...do not trust him...don't think for a moment he's on your side
That's right. Deliberately sabotage ACA, destroy the lives of millions, blame Obama, then claim victory.
let us know what the health care plan is not like crazy Nancy did can not any more days of Obama's
Wrong answer...how about everyone working together??? We are ALL tired of politics as usual do what's right
, the only thing I will ever agree with
Graham finally said something nice about our president. Maybe because McCain is no where to be seen.
How do you say something nice about fool, who doesn't know that he's a fool!!??
