.@LindseyGrahamSC gets boos at a town hall over his Gorsuch support 
I am a moderate. I see both good and bad in both parties. And I genuinely like you. But your response to the town hall was both..
condescending and displayed zero accountability. Your side "played politics" with the Garland nomination. It had nothing to do with any...
"decades old precedent". You all decided it was more important to play a game than to do your job. So your "team" (and I use that term...
very deliberately... Because the Republicans, NOT Americans, are your team) has absolutely no right to complain if the other team tries...
to play the exact same game. I'd hate if someone called Senate Republicans "snowflakes", after all. It's sad that this is where are, and...
if we're being honest, WHO WE NOW ARE as Americans.
Confirm Garland, you partisan hack.
Repeat after me, Sen. Graham: "Merrick Garland. Merrick Garland."
Boo.
I cannot believe what a soulless POS Graham is...he openly mocks the system & has no respect for our country. I'm ashamed of him 
I like you, Senator Graham.  I don't always agree with you but I think you're a decent person.  But you're wrong on Gorsuch/Garland.
#MERRICKGARLAND.    The pick belongs to POTUS OBAMA...   say anything else you are a coward with out honor or morals.
very sad, Lindsey. You are pushing to confirm for a man who may very well be an illegitimate President. 1/
pushing ANYONE in this environment, under these questions, is wrong and does a disservice to the court and country. 2/
please reconsider. If you could postpone Garland, you can #POSTPONEGORSUCH until we get some answers on #Trumprussia.
@FaxZero  has a page with all Congress reps you can fax for FREE. Flood your Senators now!! 
#StopGorsuch #TrumpRussia
"The opportunity every President has had"? Which other President was under FBI investigation when naming a SCOTUS nominee? #WhyNotWait?
You should've confirmed Garland. Instead you and McConnell abandoned your constitutional duties & wouldn't even give him a hearing.
#MerrickGarland #StolenSeat Try listening to your constituents. You are supposed to be representing them.
I give you credit, sir, for actually meeting with yr constituents. But I disagree with yr stance.
You are so wrong, Senator.  All your arguments on NG fail.  Dems R right to be outraged by what @GOP did to MG.  4 Shame!
just say no to fascist republicans and their corporate lackey scotus pick
We need people in Washington that will put us first your going to be replaced with someone that won't take donor money.
Stand by your principles on Judge Gorsuch! We NEED a Conservative judge TO BE SEATED on the Supreme Court! It's vitally important!!
I'm thinking the constituents aren't excited about your decision.
Please quit with the 'but Hillary' and worry about the damage Trump is doing to our country.
Trump is NOT damaging our country! Not in the least!!
"Because you're mad" you are a fool. No one cares about the election in the past. We're pissed at what your doing RIGHT NOW.
Boo!
Seat stolen by actions of GOP, Senator, and no one who's under investigation for treason should get a lifetime SCOTUS pick. Not complicated.
If a SCOTUS nominee can't be confirmed during an election year, why should they be confirmed during an active FBI investigation?
I feel the sentiment...I do...but even an impeachment, trial, and convinction take stupidly long. And we aren't to that point.
Just rigged congressional probes. Best currently existing chance: the FBI probe. And even that smells of partisanship.
Could at least wait to see how deep @realDonaldTrump and the Russians want to finish sinking American values.
Why don't you do what's best for the country and not your party or donors the Republican party is so bought it makes me sick.
Why would you vote Gorsuch? Don't all children deserve a good education? Autistic children need our help, it starts with you.
1/2 Explain how the nominee in the 8th year of a president w/positive approval numbers ISN'T the will of the people, but ... @joenbc
2/2 the nom of a POTUS who is at 35% approval and won a fraudulent  election while losing by 3 million votes IS the will of the people? Thx
He's elected by electoral votes if it was the other way around I'm sure you would not be whining
....So your just going to completely ignore the first (and only important) part of the question then? Seems right. #cherrypickers
NO confirmation while fake prez is under FBI INVESTIGATION!!! #CountryOverParty #TrumpRussia #LockHimUp
I think you enjoy getting heckled! It's funny to u!
Block block block Gorsuch! #stolenseat #Garlandfirst #notgonnahappen #presidentunderinvestigation
@DanielLewisCNN why would you defend @POTUS nomination with legal action if not passed when you BLOCKED OBAMA's nominee?
Like I said yesterday at your townhall.."BULLSHIT"..
#no
Do your job get rid of that crook as prez #dumptrump
Graham: "I most certainly will NOT be bothered to hear the wants and needs of my constituents."
....Dems are only following your own precedent. Actually, he's getting meetings, hearings, and a vote, sooo.... yeah...
Sen. Graham. I am one of your constituents from Indian Land. Please, please vote no on Neil Gorsuch!
"My party has gone batshit crazy"-Sen Graham 2/25/16. You were right. Don't join them in this. At least wait until Russia probe is complete.
Why are you supporting a nomination by an administration that is under multiple investigations? #StopGorsuch
Trump is stacking the deck in his favor not the American people. TRUMPS SWAMP cabinet is FULL of CORRUPTION!!!
you seem like a cool guy but you're partisan bullshit is sad. Be better man.
#confirmgarland
No SC pick while Trump is under FBI investigation #Impeach
Because you are a sell out corporate stooge with no concern for the American people. Hypocrite racist.
From the Soros paid idiots
Don't worry about the town hall boos, all these town halls seem to garner boos & shouting, whiners. You are right to choose Judge Gorsuch
Not until the investigation of the Trump administration is over.
Um, no. The FBI investigations and Russia shit mean this president is too compromised to make such an impt decision. Oh and Merrick Garland.
#stolenseat He is openly hostile to women, children with disabilities
We are not mad about Gorsuch because we can't accept the outcome of an election. We are mad the GOP stole this appointment and the election
How did the townhall go. Your voters really support what you're doing
All they are is liberal stalkers.  I bet none vote Republican.
No Lindsey you are a loser too just like YOUR PRESIDENT!
Better yet, #confirmgarland and do your job #countryoverparty
President Obama did not get a Supreme Court pick in his last year, why should Trump?
Fake boos, fake voters
Booooooooo!
A stolen seat and an illegitimate president. No, Lindsay.
You SHOULD have allowed Garland a vote, BUT that is no reason to oppose Gorsuch. The refusal to allow hearings was reprehensible.
After lying, cheating and stealing a SCOTUS nomination, GOP still can't finish without changing the rules. SAD!
Being blinded by our own partisanship!!!???? hello mr pot, meet mr kettle. Hypocritical fool.
An excuse to allow 45 and his family to break the laws. You promised me you'd  investigate.  Have you broken ur word? Or just hiding
BTW, didn't the GOP push no SCOTUS nominations while under FBI investigation? Or does that only apply to @HillaryClinton ?
I'm so looking forward to your replacement; someone who actually listens and votes per their constitutes.  U know the folks you serve!!
That will be voting against you next election. I had more respect 4u before you started becoming arrogant and condescending. Hilary is not
Biden? Don't be disingenuous. It was a suggestion at best, that was never followed through.
Quite frankly sir, GFY! There is no "rule", provision nor law about SCOTUS nominations during an election year.
Mr. GRAHAM this was bad, really bad. I'm speaking from a Rep point of view. Listen  to the criticism and learn we're not all Democrats
@DanielLewisCNN give you credit.  I pray for you too and I disagree with you.  Please stay on Russia
Lindsey:  no.  Support filibuster of anyone nominated by a traitor. #USAnotUSSR
I cannot imagine ever voting for you, but I respect you & all the Republicans who aren't hiding out from angry constituents. Thank you.
You're terrible, Murial.
You failed in your duty to the Constitution to give "advice and consent" on Garland's confirmation. You are the partisan.
He sided with the corporation that fired a trucker who almost froze to death. No confirmation for him!
Garland deserves it!
NO
Bravo and well said
HELL NO to GORSUCH agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies that WILL undermine our basic rights protections. #StopGorsuch
You'd have a leg to stand on, senator, if you had actually held hearings (and even voted 'no') on Garland. As it is, you're pretty lame...
If you can't reach 60 votes on SCOTUS, the problem is with the nominee, not with the rules. Conservative yes, right-wing NO!
BIG objection from zip code 29926!  Thomas Hardiman might be an acceptable compromise.....
You stay strong.
You're not in the Senate to work your agenda youre there to work ours the people that elected you to the Senate you work for us & our agenda
Trump is in his last days of his "presidency" For this reason, Gorsuch must not be confirmed!
You said you'd never vote for single payer. Umm, you work for us. You have no choice if that's what the people want. Please remember that.
#russianinfluence #TrumpRussiaCollusion  #TrumpTaxReturns #proveyoucangovern #DoYourJob
Do u actually enjoy not representing the ppl who voted for u?
Don't like being told intolerant & sore loser b/c of concerns abt trump. Saw how you view minority. I have no representation w/you. No trust
A wall, which maybe they don't a wall, or someone like trying to keep illegal immigration coming, who you think we're gonna choose
How long you think we're gonna take this before those rally crowds rush the streets? It'll be nonviolent but extreme rage
You are such a hypocrite. You and your cronies denied the confirmation of a SCOTUS to Obama. What do you expect?
Respectfully Senator, too much Russian smoke surrounding this president to allow him to fill SCJ w/out results of independent investigation
Up yours.
Get in board broham. In telling you, things are gonna boil over if you keep playing games with us
Now that he's trying to make his campaign promises and you are standing in the way your open borders agenda is being exposed
The only Trump didn't get more votes is cuz Dems and never trumpets like you said he wouldn't try to do what he said he would
Hey Linsey if you stand in the way of the wall and generally curbing illegal immigration I and all trump supporters Will lose our minds
Hopefully you will be kicked out for your vote. Can't wait
You shouldn't be confirming anyone with Trump under investigation what is wrong with GOP you let enough crooks through
How does your constituents saying no mean you vote to confirm?
The rules do not say the President is afforded the opportunity to elect a Suprrme Court Justice in all years - but election years!
a-hole
Silence is complicity. Americans are watching. November 2018.
Republicans stole the seat away from the Democrats by sticking their fingers in their ears and saying "I can't hear you "
Neil Gorsuch is THE BEST judge America could get. Kudos to u for standing up for him & doing right thing
Please dont confirm him.  He has no soul or humanity.
shame on you.WE THOUGHT YOU WERE BETTER THAN THIS.its not about being MAD. it's about RIGHTS and wrong.listen to your constituents. shame...
in lockstep with his Republican Party 2 steal a SCOTUS seat
Thank U yr getting there to where u need to be to get the facts out. @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
#StolenSeat #StolenPOTUS #NeverGorsuch The GOP shouldn't even have this opp, Russia and Trump stole the presidency & u stole court seat
You do not deserve to represent anyone. What you are doing is self serving and finally people are seeing your true colors. Vote him out!
#confirmGarland
Not so much. #StopGorsuch
#confirmgorsuch only if #RussiaInvestigation  clears #Trump
glad to see you are so supportive of @realDonaldTrump. @gop voters will remember when this when he's tried for treason.
Trump is under investigation for treason & you wouldn't even give Garland a hearing. Hypocrisy at its worst.Wait until investigation is done
South Carolinians I know cheer Graham's stand for Gorsuch
Isn't Medicare one payer HC. Why is it ok for us but not you? Seems that and supplemental policy (cheaper) could cover everyone. IMHO
There is an open investigation by the @FBI regarding how @POTUS and @GOP sold the US to Russia. Republicans are anti-American scum, comrade.
Every president but the last one, the black one, the one who republicans would like to erase from history if they could. Give me a break!
Are you ever going to realize your president isn't interested in governing, only in lining his pockets? Stop being so damn ignorant.
No confirmation for a SCOTUS position while the current administration is under investigation!! NO!! Country before party!
NO!  @GOP played politics by not even holding a confirmation hearing for qualified Garland when @BarackObama was STILL a president!
Merrick Garland
As one of your constituents, I say #confirmgarland first.
come on. You have to realize that you sound hypocritical.
President Obama was elected for 8 years, not 7 years.  He should have had his nominee considered! #SupremeCourt
Keep supporting Man Tits Donald Trump and you'll be voted out with the rest of your GOP buddies lol
What was your opposition to Garland and how can you possibly support Trump getting a lifetime appointment? He'll probably be indicted soon.
I thought a president isn't allowed to appoint in the final year of his term. Or from prison. Isn't that your rule?
If you had supported an up or down vote of Garland, you'd have a principled leg to stand on...but you didn't.
#investigaterussia
Time to Retire!!! Term Limits!!! You're a "has been"........#MAGA
The American people do NOT want  trump appointing a LIFELONG appointee until he is cleared from investigation. Just BASIC COMMON SENSE
Conveniently omitted that you and your cronies DENIED President Obama hos right as president to appoint his Supreme Court Justice. Hypocrite
NO!
#CONFIRMGARLAND
You mean every other president EXCEPT President Obama!  The gop denied HIM that right. Hypocrisy is astounding!!!
You could not have presented a better case. Many continue to request their senators reasonably think about the choice they are making.
You are aware they were booing you over your plans to confirm, right?

You're not that clueless?
I'll give credit where credit is due and LG is about the only Rep willing to get out, talk, listen and take it on the chin.
You're getting the same respect you gave Obama with the garland nomination
Please don't confirm him. You helped refuse Obama's nominee in a way unseen in modern politics. Also, the Pres is under FBI investigation.
"Because we're mad" is exactly Y u must listen to us. U don't like @potus either. He's dangerous and u know it. It's our Duty to oppose him.
Obama had the right to nominate and put through Garland like all presidents before him too!!Damn right we are mad.
Can't confirming a Supreme Court justice wait until this very scary Russia/Trump election/treason scandal is investigated? We count on you.
@DanielLewisCNN  No. Garland should be the Supreme Court Justice.
@DanielLewisCNN    Those boos are information about what the people you are supposed to REPRESENT would like you to do.
When you & the GOP refused to allow a vote let alone a hearing on Merrick Garland, you broke your oath to the constitution. You chose Party
When he's confirmed, 1 GOP turns against trump, 2 DT is impeached, 3 Pence inquiry begins, 4 single payer peace offering
No on confirmation.
Remembergarland
The confirmation MUST BE TABLED until the Russian Investigation is concluded. Trump committed TREASON and you KNOW IT.
I dislike that you give full partisan support and didn't confirm Garland.  @LindseyGrahamSC you work for the people.
Party over country again. #notogorsuch
Just because SC is a red state right now it doesn't mean it's going to stay that way #stopGorsuch
This is a stolen SCOTUS seat  #nogorsuch. Focus on #russiagate. Why put in a Russian backed judge 4 a lifetime of USA law? #shameonu
Mitch Gets Boos For Reminding Americans He Filibustered Filling Supreme Court 2016 Vacancy After Judges Death @McClatchyDC @McConnellPress
You in on this Russia thing too?  If Garland could wait then so can Gorsuch.  Not sure what's funny about you not listening to constituents
don't believe it! The christians in America want Gorsuch confirmed. We are praying for you.
Lindsey pretends a prez entitled to all nominees. Would he have voted for 5 caught-in-lies-to-Cong to DJT cabinet if Obama had nominated?
Lindsay pushing a Republican judge as he said NOT the BEST judge!  How divisive and not uniting.
Why don't these folks take SCOTUS nomineee up with their own Senator and leave mine alone. only encouraging him :) So thank you
No need to. My senators have integrity and will be voting "no". Sadly can't say the same for your senator.
#confirmgarland
This guy is  constitutional u better vote for him
Oh, Mr Graham, calling you hypocritical pains me, but the shoe fits.  Remember Garland?
Represent your #voters and ditch #Gorsuch! Support #citizens instead of #corporations! We have enough #billionaire advocates in #power...
You are being irresponsible, Lindsey. Stop with the partisanship, the Presodent's administration is under investigation. Wait on Gorsuch!
If they had listened to him testify instead of news reports they would know the truth. Since when can't Americans think for themselves?
"...the same opportunity every President has had..."

Except when you denied Obama that opportunity. #hypocrisy
It's because it was loaded it with lib's! Vote for him and make life better.
Honorable Mr. Graham. The people want less games from our reps. The people want a justice that sides with the people as much as business.
#2020CantGetHereFastEnough
So what type constituents are telling you NOT to do means NOTHING?! you work for them. Arrogance and condescension are not attractive on u
NO to Gorsuch, nomination stolen from Garland by GOP. Shame on you! Attention should be on Russia
Was glad you at least stated Garland snub was wrong. Don't want Gorsuch but am so glad you meet constituents and aren't lying.
Good Sunday Morning, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina #gamecocks
No probe, no robe...
