Schumer: Democrats will filibuster Gorsuch nomination
http://wapo.st/2nVqXGs 
Well wonderful! We can all sleep better now your exelency. Good luck with what's his nutz schumer.
I like you despite many of your political views, but this is where you need to stop: a traitor must not fill this SC seat
Gorsuch decision ought to be tabled until we the people KNOW this election was legitimate and NOT fraud. #traitorsGOP ?
believed you were really fighting for us.  I was wrong.
Sorry but I don't think that is your best course of action.
you are dead wrong on this one. Do not waste your energies
well then we will do whatever it takes to vote you out of office
Too bad you didn't put country over party & let Garland at least present his case. Ashamed of you and your colleagues!
mancrush is not a good reason.
investigation from the FBI and his collusion with russia...Im sorry but lets just say hes impeached with his whole group
Gorsuch lacks the intellect & maturity 4 SCOTUS. Get over the politics & take hard look at his qualifications & temperment
B/f nuke option, make Dems filibuster for 96 hrs. If they fail rule them out of order & take vote. If they make it, go nuke
no nominations for Russian Oligarchs #SoMuchLosing
@ Gorsuch is not to be trusted # bad choice for women and minorities
You were elected to represent THE PEOPLE OF SC not represent the GOP. Listen to your constituents. We say No to Gorsuch.
really ?  you act like its business as usual ... its not !!  your president because he surely isnt mine is under ...
wow! How about doing what it took to give Judge Garland a hearing?
Graham says "HOW DARE Demo infringe on Trump's rights, Obama a DEMO President did not have right 2 pick judge"
@washingtonpost Interesting. What you should ABSOLUTELY do is HOLD this nomination for DJT investigation to be completed
nuclear option bitches! Make it happen!
so you support a nominee from a pres under investigation for treason? Wow.
Mr Graham, should be country over party, you should be concerned about Russia, not cool
Just like when ya'll refused to allow Merrick Garland? Americans will remember @GOP at Mid-terms and vote Republicans out.
why?
Do whatever it takes to have INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR on Trump/Russia.  #justice #Indivisible @ACLU #peoplepower @womensmarch
of cronies for treason...what you leave Gorsuch there ?  how wrong is that ? and to think I trusted you ...
with POTUS under FBI investigation shouldn't all appointments be put on hold?
Merrick Garland first.
NO vote on Gorsuch until Trump TREASON investigation resolved
but will you do whatever it takes yo make sure your constituents have affordable healthcare?
what Republicans did with Garland was plain wrong.
Will U do whatevr it takes to get to bottom of #russiagate #Trumprussia?  Nunes usurped protocol! #IndependentCommission
He is not suitable. That you are willing to "do whatever" to put him there, tells us YOU are also unsuitable. NO Gorsuch.
no trump nom
I hope you don't care about trumps threats he doesn't care about you.
I will never vote for you again. I will also convince many more to vote for your future opponent. Ready to retire?
Stop acting Angelic! You played #GOPGames all last year w/Garland. GOP did nothing for 7yr because pout Obama was in office
why does it need to be tit for tat? @POTUS is embroiled in scandal and Gorsuch isnt going anywhere. @SenWarren
we should put all this on hold and figure out if @POTUS is legit or Pawn of Putin. #russiagate
... and that's why I can't wait til election day. What happened to you?
what about Garland?
You left out "fill the seat we stole under @SenMajLeader Mitch's lead from Obama and Merrick Garland because we're dirty"
No Seat 4 Gorsuch Until U Seat Garland. All anxious 2 appoint SCOTUS 4 president under FBI investigation huh?
#NoFuckingWay
It's not your turn to pick the next Supreme Court justice. Give Merrick Garland a hearing first.
we know! We already watched you, Mitch and Chuck publicly f--- a decent man and avoid your constitutional responsibilities!
Reply to @LindseyGrahamSC But not Garland, eh?
Is that Russia's decision? Are you going to investigate first or just follow orders as you march towards Moscow?
Well, I do declare and think that TREASON in the TrumpWhiteHouse with RussiansOps are a far more imp focus for you!
$17 million in #darkmoney says the same thing. Why?
TREASON?
will you do the same to get a criminal out of the white house
- Why?
.@lindseygrahamsc You are a hypocrite. When #Obama  denied his nomination where was your outrage? Typical feckless #Republican. #scotus
about time u did ANYTHING, SOMETHING besides criticize @POTUS u r a turncoat, sir. #DrainTheSwamp
how about waiting until we clear up that whole treason in the wh thing?
Shame on you Senator Graham. We haven't forgotten GOP obstruction to Garland nomination. Your all sanctimonious hypocrites.
Anything?? Even the right thing, i.e. giving Garland his rightful  seat and saving the next for Gorsuch?
Mr Graham you are better than just towing the party line. Stand up for your beliefs, don't go down with the ship. #backbone
If you like Gorsuch that much, say so and say why. Don't just say yes no matter what. It cheapens your position.
And, I, along with many others will never vote for you again. I believed in you to stand for what's right.
NO! Too much controversy surrounding the presidency right now.
I agree.  But you should also apologize for not having hearings for Judge Garland.  That was feckless and wrong.
Including looking the other way on treason!
And you will be gone next election. Let's go...
I like you Senator, but what the GOP did to a great judge like Garland was awful! You changed the rules for good now. Shame
Bring it.  "They tried to bury us.  They didn't know we were seeds."  Show them how it's done @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand
Within the limits of Senatorial rules, right? Or is that a threat?
sorry to hear that
, i look forward to working for your opponent during the next election. I will do whatever it takes to get you out of a job.
Get Trump to resign.   Or get an independent investigation to exonerate him.  Till then, he is a lame duck.
You brought laughter in a good way!  Good job!!!
Fine. And we'll do everything we can to defeat you. Life in a democracy... while we still have one. Trump sucks.
I do love what you stand for but YOUR #POTUS doesn't need anyone else to be confirmed under his watch. #StandUp4America
just stop. Get your house in order GOP.
SCOTUS positions are lifetime appointments. That in itself should require super majority for approval
so change the rules in a way that will harm both parties and our own political process?
Sen. Graham, look at the responses here. I don't see much support for your position. LISTEN! For the love of God, please!
I'd rather you didn't.
after watching his confirmation hearing, I completely agree.
Bully for you, Graham.
Your behavior lately is disgusting. You're so transparently against your own constituents best interests.
That is beyond hypocritical.
You could give Garland hearings & a vote!
promise to give Merrick Garland the next vacancy?
You did NOTHING for a legitimate president's nominee. How DARE you support anyone Putin wants on our Court! #ResignNow
Do not pass a health care bill without see ALL 3 parts if it. Life ! No 1 guarantee
well good for you. Fall in line nicely.
Even if he was nominated by a man who committed treason?  Oh, and, *cough cough* Merrick Garland.
Fall in line w/John @LindseyGrahamSC—need independent prosecutor/invstgtn. Nunes compromised Cmte's independence
McCain tells @MSNBC the conduct of the House Intel Cmte is "bizarre"—"no longer does the Congress have credibility" http://on.msnbc.com/2nTrfNS  
Whatever. Sometimes I think you might be an alright guy. But then I remember you are a Republican.
Do u ever put yourself n your counter parts shoes? What u did to their nominee is slimy. On this issue u suck. #cnn #inners
Too bad you didnt have this kind of conviction when you obstructors wouldnt even give Merrick Garland a hearing. Hypocrites
please don't. The President that nominated him is under FBI investigation. Do we need a lifelong judge from a failed POTUS?
Trump campaign is under FBI investigation for possible treason. We need to wait to see if he is a legitimate President.
@washingtonpost Just the opposite of what you did for Merrick Garland.
for a second there, I was actually starting to like and respect you.
I oppose your idea of using nuclear option. The 60 votes are in place for a reason. Trump is under espionage investigation.
i really respect you, but when Sen McConnell shut down MGarland hearings, Rs lost all respect. Was Obama's spot, good man
By backing a president under federal investigation for colluding with foreign power?? You must be crazy
BUY HIM APPLE ISPY 7 PHONE
DON'T YOU DARE use the #NuclearOption for #Gorsuch #CivilWar
you shouldn't, because you stopped Garland from even having a hearing. And the Pres is under investigation.
why don't you worry more about impeaching the joke of a president? #countrybeforeparty
No u won't or I will be coming for u I will overturn the nuclear option hahahaha!!!!!!
Says a man from the party that wouldn't even consider Obama's pick.
@washingtonpost You're pathetic. If the roles were reversed...party over country is your motto! I hope this is ur demise.
Great...you appear to have one choice.
Lindsay, you're one of the good ones. Please don't lower yourself to Mitch's level of hypocrisy.
Two words: Merrick Garland
I heard your comments. Total bullshit. Obama had a right to pick Judge, voted 2x by the people & you guys fucked him over.
you're better than this! You should be doing everything to help the investigation of Trump & team! #POSTPONE
I fully support ending the filibuster. I dare you. The end of majority status can come quicker than you'd believe
Where is conviction on other matters? Non-partisan issues: investigate Sessions and Nunes. Repub will have to start process
hmmm that sounds suspect.
Your party changes the rules ad nauseum, but you point fingers at the Democrats. Shame on you.
"I'm a balanced guy" - why did you not support an up/down vote on Garland then? Proof is in actions, Sir.
I hope you go nuclear. This will benefit the Dems in the near future. Republicans stole Obama's vote why respect trumps
Such hypocrisy!  Your party wouldn't allow Obama to legitimately fill the seat yet you claim Democratic obstructionism. SAD
The Dems should have done everything they could have to stop the Repubs from unconstitutionally blocking Obama's pick.
You are not for country - party first. The Repubs held tantrums when they didn't get their way. Now you want the Dems
to just roll over & do what you want? No.
This is a Democracy last time I checked.
Shame you weren't so righteous about Garland. But keep supporting a president under FBI investigation. #2018 #takeitback
Including blocking Merrick Garland for no good reason. You guys are treasonous
All appointments needs to be put on hold until an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION of the current administration takes place. 
Merrick. Garland.
that's why you're there. Get it done.
I'll trade you Judge Gorsuch for an independent counsel, Sir, to investigate  Russian election intrusion wherever it goes.
Disingenuous for @LindseyGrahamSC to pretend that if POTUS didn't ask #Gorsuch about Roe, no one else thru process did. Not nom otherwise!
Senator Says "I Will Mess Schumer Up!" @nypost @NYDailyNews @DNC @GOP @TeamstersJC16
Wow.
Gorsuch is as slick as snot on a door knob.  Did not answer a thing like a real person. #StepfordJudge
Cool! 1) Replace with Merrick Garland. 2) Wait for next seat. 3) Impeachment. 4) See if @VP renominates.
.@LindseyGrahamSC I'll trade ya a Gorsuch vote for a #SpecialProsecutor to look into #Trumprussia #InvestigateNunes
Gorsuch for either sally Yates, or @PreetBharara
that's ridiculous. How about doing whatever it takes to investigate trump Russia ties? How about standing up 4 democracy?
So confirm Merrick Garland, and next time there is a SCOTUS vacancy during a Republican presidency nobody will stop you.
What's that way around filibusters, the nuclear option, as created by Democrats?
I wish you would have had such conviction for Merrick Garland. GOP obstruction then was, frankly, un-American.
why do send out surveys then fail to see where the consensus lies?
Until Trump is cleared of Russian connections he is not legitimate.
How about Devin Nunes off the Intel Committee?
It'll take putting Garland on there first as he should have been already.
Well then, shame on you.
bad move
Your choice is none of my business, neither mine yours.
You refused to talk to Garland and yet you think you have the right to push this pro big business guy through#haveunoshame#probablynot
Still spelling "Merrick Garland" incorrectly.
Bless your heart, your arguments are so clever... but they are TOTAL BULLSHIT!  That seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
sorry to hear that
you have ensured I will never vote for you again
Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland... I feel like I forgot something - oh ya... hypocrisy?
guess none of these mentions watched your statement yesterday about Garland. You were spot on that dems would do same.
whether right or wrong this is payback for Merrick Garland, a fine man. You reap what you sow
you already ignored the will of the people when you didnt give Garland a hearing. Nobody's surprised by Republican tyranny.
Schumer is not good for this country.
you need to be doing whatever it takes to get to the bottom of the Russia/trump investigation
That didn't seem to include asking him actual questions, or making him answer questions from others, though, did it?
It isn't right to allow a president bound for prison to choose a supreme court nominee, it's unethical.
and we will whatever we can to put you out of a job
How about you  ignore your perspective and ideology and ask yourself is this the right thing to do for all Americans and not just yourself
why the rush? This administration doesn't deserve to appoint anyone while under a very serious investigation.
we need to let this investigation into Russia come to a conclusion. It was ok for GOP to leave the seat open under obama
the country needs Republican patriots to do the right thing: a president under investigation is not business as usual
And neither was having a presidential candidate under investigation but that's what the Republicans had to put up with.
you mean two, right? Because the FBI investigation into the 45 team dates back to July
Will do everything I can to oppose his nomination.
The Partisan play of denying Obama a pic has come home to roost. Country over politics!
What will you do to ensure that the people of SC has access to comprehensive, affordable health care?
Of course you will. How about doing the same to get 45 out of the oval?
and we will do what ever it takes to get @GOP and you out of office for good- no Russian appointed judges for USA
so is it party before country our country before party? Which one do you represent?
He deserves the same consideration as Obama's nominee.
@PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
POTUS is under federal investigation questioning the very legitimacy of the administration and you're picking this hill?
Exactly what does "whatever" mean to you. "Whatever it takes" can be a dangerous statement.
and I was just starting to like you!
how about doing whatever it takes for a fair an impartial trump / Russia investigation
too bad you didnt say the same about. JUDGE GARLAND
GOP now has a compulsive liar as its face. He shouldn't be able to appoint anyone until this investigation is over.
oh really? You hadn't mentioned that before
Shameful how your party is ignoring the mounting evidence of treason by trump & co. No SCOTUS until questions are answered!
The next president should get to pick.
of course you will. Right wing bible totter. Makes decisions based on religion not constitution
a true loser and a faux Patriot one day you and the @GOP will look back in shame.
In the final year of #ComradeTrump's presidency?? I thought we recently set a precedent on that?
Putin identified those willing to "do whatever it takes" to get their way, knowing they will compromise our democracy > GOP
We want to know about the #Russia connection to this administration before you approve even one more nominee. For anything.
Afraid you'll lose your job?
@washingtonpost shouldn't this be delayed while Potus is under FBI investigation?
Maybe you should have gave Obamas nominee the same RESPECT!
Country before party. We are watching.
