@MeghanMcCain he's against choice, unions, birth control, and police accountability. He's a monster.
"choice"/"birth control" you mean abortion/contraception then yes. One murder/the other immoral.
condoms allow men to use women for sex only without possibility of creating life.
Any man who thinks women are for men's "use" should have NO SAY in reproductive issues. #Period
apparently you misunderstood my point completely. I believe women are not from man's use.
know who else was? Merrick Garland.  You have no integrity.  #stolenjustice #StopPresidentBannon #unamerican
If Hillary and her staff not failed, you wouldn't be in this position. Blame Hillary; she forgot America.
the seat has been empty for a year. It's a result of the do nothing obstructionist congress, period. UnAmerican
"let the voters decide" ala McConnell; voila: country says Trump; Hillary FAILED to get required 270.
so a president only gets to make decisions for 3 yrs? Thank god, 25% less Trump. #StopPresidentBannon
sorta of depends on the outcome. Had O worked with others, his "legacy" would not be G-O-N-E.
well, it's not gone and he tried to the detriment of himself.  i.e. Used Rep healthcare that they now hate.
Too funny!
Sure, you have to support a fascist, but as long as you get a conservative Supreme Court pick, you're good with it!
do you kiss your huskies with that mouth
No but I did kiss your mom with that mouth 
Another disaster for our country.  Women will fight till the end to see him fail
however sir we already have a presidential pick, Garland.
roberts is a  home run pick by GWB for scotus.
I started following you hoping you were going to be a common sense Republican.
yep me too. He is back to being part of the gestapo in Washington.
Gorsuch: Fascism Forever founder who likes to say: The illegal do immediately, the unconstitutional takes longer. That Gor? @LindseyGrahamSC
Tere goes the false hope you gave South Carolina tax payers. Now you're in Trump's pocket too. Shame on you,God takes notes
I think we need to vote on Garland first?
#StolenSeat
Especially if you LOVE Fascists!  Neil Gorusch founded and led club called 'Fascism Forever': http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4182852/Trump-s-SCOTUS-pick-founded-club-called-Fascism-Forever.html …
Judge Gorsuch is a fascist.  There goes our freedom.
@pambesteder you need to toe the damn line & support @POTUS @realDonaldTrump FULLY - stop questioning & undermining!
You will NEVER be POTUS

BUT!!!

You can be a part of movement that saves our nation!
oh no, I'm back to disagreeing with you. And we were doing sooo well
dude instead harrasing my side on politic, go lose some weight, thought liberals hated fast food joints :(
u playing bingo? I'm American so I don't know what U mean by "side" except the hood wearing cross burning type. No thx. 
Well then you should know Obesity is one of the biggest problems in America, don't ignore it 
obesity?  Oh you must be one of those who likes size 0 women coz u r a closet pedophile .
shame on you!!! So called judge
done with you
Gorsuch will be an activist judge. Your party has always screamed about "activist judges". Why is he NOT one??? Shame!
As a baseball man, I would say Trump is more proficient at striking out at everything.
You're a Republication in NAME only. I am getting whiplash seeing you switching around so much. You should be ashamed.
Use your power to stop some of this madness? (I'm looking really bad out here being a black female republican!) #HELP 
are you gonna fillabuster him with your libnazi buddies?
???
Just pointing out that he's a traitor, if he hates being a Republican he should gtfo
don't you mean President Bannon
Kinda awkward, I guess, Lindsey since you were indirectly supporting Hillary for President.
use the nuclear if you have to get him in we need him in now
YOU TRATIOR
No he is not - not for women's rights!!!!
False. #VoteNoSessions #VoteNo #RESISTANCE #lostmyvote #DoBetter
#MerrickGarland #CassandraButts
(Neither of them touted fascism forever) Come on Lindsey
An extreme pick who consistently favors corporations over citizens; we can do better & MUST do better. People over party!
Hypocrites! Seriously what comes out of the GOP mouths. How they can sleep & pray anymore is beyond me. Greed and power.
can you tell me why, as a female, he's the best choice for me? I'm listening
just as Merrick Garland was for Obama. but i am not into hate, and dont dispute this pick- it just makes me sad
I think it's a pretty good pick.
Wrong move with DeVos. I am a teacher and she would be horrible for the job. Not enough room here to explain.
your a disappointment. #Puppet
I get sick and tired of the reps selective memory. Obstruct at all cost for 8 yrs. Remember what goes around....
Weren't you going to uncover the truth as to if he's even legitimately president before he nominates people? Step up.
Putting it on a little thick aren't you? Even by your standards !
You found a way to #BrownNose YOURleader #RepublicansARETrump #DontTrustRepublicans GOPobsructionistOnlyOn
NeedsOfThePeople
See, but you also like Sessions, so now I don't know if I can trust you on Gorsuch.
of course he is as you republicans have sold your soles to Trump . #notmygovernment
please vote no on Gorsuch. He does not stand for lowcountry values.
we need to see this pass. So please help this pass.
Oh, you approve the old religious white guy? SUPER SHOCKED. #imnotshocked
Amen brother! A par excellence performance!!!
LOL.  #alternativefacts
pls explain to your voters your justification for not voting garland? Voters want to know! Morals?
thank you for the endorsement and thank you for supporting President Trump!
A stolen seat. Leave it empty. We need a bipartisan appointment to unite the country.
Hoping you remember the wisdom of preventing the use of the "nuclear option" for Judicial confirmations.
so disappointed in u.u hv no backbone
for the next seat that opens sure.  If it's not judge garland if should be blocked indefinitely!

Get a backbone!
Yes if you a white male and a big company he is wonderful
you are a real turncoat. Thanks for selling out #America
do you have any women you care about in the world? You can't if you think this guy is a home run
Not really.  He's better be all that and a bag of chips, because if he messes with Roe v Wade or marriage equality...
No Grouch is NOT! Enemy of the workers &,women in particular. OPPOSE! OPPOSE! OPPOSE! OPPOSE!!!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
unlike you. Your days are numbered
Since you delayed Merrick Garland until after the election, it's only fair to delay Gorsuch until after Trump's impeachment
You failed your oath when you didn't consider Garland. Shameful.
Obama should have gotten to pick. He was still POTUS
yes he is
In what game?
and Merrick Garland wasn't?
Never let it be said you didn't do the least you could do in support of the President and the American people.
Merritt Garland was, too. Equal treatment to be applied. He can have a 12 mo vacation before starting.
If he is against executive overreach, I will be delighted.
I respect you senator but the SCOTUS pick is more aligned with the values of China than he is America. BAD MOVE!
how does it feel knowing that Trump so easily distracted you from the problems he & pres. bannon have inflicted on the US?
Ick! Lindsey you're my favorite Republican but Trump should have offered an olive branch & nom a moderate
#merrickgarland is better choice
the lesser of 3 evils at least
so was Merrick Garland for Obama. Y'all put politics over country
@AlexisinNH Yet you'll still allow him to be fillibustered because u prefer sipping tea with your Dem friends over WINNING.
Where in the constitution the sitting president can not pick a person for Supreme Court after primaries start
if he such a strict constitutionalist, he should not accept the nomination. Not Trumps seat to fill!
So was Garland #stolenseat
what was Garland? A double?
good luck getting him confirmed.
No. He is a terrible choice and you know it. How did your meeting with @realDonaldTrump go?
let's not go that far
Awesome.  I'm glad you support our President...
It's about time you get on board and quit being a political hack. Quit whining with the left and be an American first.
The pick was Merrick Garland. This is WRONG. You know it. #ITMFA. BTW I hate you too closet boy
No!
unfortunately #Dems will extend him the same courtesy #Mitch extended #Obama  and that's unfortunate
Damn....time to hate you again.
Trump seems great at hiring people maybe you should have him find you a wife...
Stolen SCOTUS
"This Lindsey Graham moment is brought to you by Senator John McCain".
If you would've had your way Lindsey, Hillary would be nominating somebody.
Republicans poisoned the well last year.
a home run for misogyny! :)
Block this man-has a record of denigrating the power of agencies like the EPA to make rules to carry out their functions.
Garland waited over 300 days with not even the respect of any of you speaking to him. How that felt I wonder.
I respectfully do not agree. You know Garland and his family were also good picks. So very unfair what happened to him sir.
yes a home run dick !!! Yes !!
you must be with Cruz he said the same thing
.@LindseyGrahamSC MERRICK GARLAND!!!
No -Hostile toward women's rights among others. Do not approve this person.
Merrick Garland, Oklahoma City and you wouldn't even give him a hearing. Shameful double standard.
swing...and a miss!
you are a home run pick for being fired go away #Draintheswamp
where were you 1 year ago?
well crap! If you support him, I need to rethink my support #RINO
so was Merrick Garland and that will haunt the Reps forever
Judge Garland should have had it, F off!
finally, someone that may be qualified for the position
Not really but at least Trump was more presidential for once. There is a small hope he will grow up.
@jessbriis Thank you. Would you have any influence with your Democrat colleagues to help this pick get approved?
More like a stolen base. Now you'll see what happens when a radical minority tries to rule a majority. We will fight you.
This should have been done a year ago. GOP's obstruction and refusal to play by the rules started this mess. Fix it. Now.
Nobody needs your opinion. Go back to throwing cell phones off a roof top. #PUSSYCLOWNHAT
Agreed, but partially because most of his other picks have been so embarrassing. PS- please get Bannon off the NSC!!
What makes you say that Lindsey?
Garland is the constitutional choice.
is the senior senator from the great state of SC finally boarding the #TrumpTrain ??
@MeghanMcCain
why do you think @SenateDems should confirm after garlands seat stolen by @SenateGOP   was there seat & refused hearing
The only homerun would be a homerun to disaster
Use the nuclear option the dems have brought on themselves! They changed the rules now HAMMER them with it. No Quarter!!!!!
but he's on deck Mr. Graham. There's another nominee at the plate. Do your job.
aaand there it is....
hey when is the BRIDGE Act going to be introduced to the Senate? #BridgeAct #USSenate #Undocumented #unification #Durbin
President BANNON @LindseyGrahamSC @MeghanMcCain
nope
Merrick Garland
you stole this seat
.@LindseyGrahamSC Garland was a home run pick by @POTUS44. He was not even granted a vote. @TheDemocrats owe Trump's pick nothing.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Also good to know you weren't personally worried about Obama's picks taking away your rights.
You certainly slid back downhill pretty quick there Lindsey old boy. DeVos and now Gorsuch?
- Holy cow, Lindsey found his conservative principles for once.
Judge Neil Gorsuch is the kind of Judge all American judges should be.
Democrats divide, to gain power.
not even close.
you disappoint me I thought you were better than this.
@dwyer_barbara Grab,a Corona and toast#
It's a stolen nominee- it should have been Obama's pick. We will obstruct.
WRONG
What was your opinion of Garland's qualifications?
Presidents serve 4 yrs, not 3. Since precedent is 3, I expect u 2 refuse Trump ALL power when election begins. which is now
the acceptable name is Merrick Garland
Maybe in a Little League park
wtf u out of the assylum?
are you blind?
but will he blindly follow Trump or is he strong?
What the ever-loving FUCK, @LindseyGrahamSC ? #resist
What's happened to you? Seriously! Is this the same man McCain wrote in for Prez? I'm appalled. Did trump poison your cat?
Nope
oh Lindsey, you were doing so well there for a second. Back 2 kissing DTs ass #NoGorsuch #EqualityForAll #WomenWhoVote
bummer wrong team.
No Bannon
No Trump 
No KKK 
No Racist USA 

No Bannon
No Trump 
No KKK 
No Racist USA
so what happened to Garland, a home run pick in his own right?
Lindsay, please fight the Sessions nomination. He is bad for USA at home and abroad. #StopRussia
senator Graham trusting you on this one However I still wish you would think twice about confirming Sessions - SC votes no
look who is drinking the kool-aid now  Focus, LG!
Really Lindsey? No such thing as a "Scalia" seat, and Obama's centrist nominee should have had hearings. I like you but no.
