74 percent of the #Boeing workers that voted today said "no" to being represented by @MachinistsUnion.     http://bit.ly/2lR6xgA  #chsnews 
Have you noticed it's always these 2 @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain bad mouthing President Trump or criticizing conservative plans?
YES, but Graham put a bit of distance btwn them Sun.
As long as #Dumber @LyndseyGrahmSC is in office I won't even vacay in North Carolina !
Have you read this? https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/02/19/us/politics/donald-trump-ukraine-russia.html … Please read fully..for the sake of USA.
investigate #TrumpRussia #Doyourjob
Media hog, just get to work doing tax reform. Flash to you, thats your job, not being on tv. You are embarrassing yourself.
...You and your buddy, McCain, better STOP trying to undermine "our" Commander & Chief. Otherwise, you're out of office.
McCains' constant disgusting attacks on POTUS are attacks on our Country! He is a Traitor and must resign. Denounce McCain!
PROUD OF YOU! Stand up for the American people!

мразь @LindseyGrahamSC грозится дать России подсрачник ... LOL
https://www.rt.com/usa/377885-kick-ass-russia-2017-sanctions/ … 
you're just as bad as Trump.

Where the Independent Commission into Russia

What's the @gop hiding?
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
LIBERALS NEED TO BE LOCKED BACK UP! SORRY, BUT THE KIDS WANTED THEIR CRAYONS AND CLAY DOUGH BACK!
LINDSEY, QUIT EMBARRASSING  THE SOUTH BY HANGING OUT WITH McCAIN! VERY DISAPPOINTED  IN U, NOT STANDING WITH OUR PRESIDENT!
What's the status of the RussiaGate investigation? It needs an independent select committee! Agree? #RussiaGate
You "need" to get on board with taxing businesses taking American jobs away. I see now how y'all get rich in office...
@ Mr Graham Please You and McCain can go home Our President has a job to do done more Good in a short time than all of you
home with low pay and no labor protection
... you take bribes under the table from "big corporations" taking American jobs elsewhere...
@Teamsters @TeamstersJC16 @MachinistsUnion @seattletimes ICYMI Senator Says "Help Wanted" - NonUnion Applications Only @cnn
actually its an indication that the workforce can be intimidated.  rather sad but often true in the South.
You are a traitor. Too busy starting a war with Russia when our military is week. Easy when your kids won't be dying. Shame
I can't wait until you get voted out. #It can't come soon enough
Hooray Sen. Graham for standing for America against Russians! You are a true American Hero!
Hacking? Washington establishment corruption is THE problem. Trump is the only recourse you left us!
Hacking? What about Congress exempting itself from laws?
Hacking? What about pay-for-play? How about senators getting rich in office?
Mythic hacking but nothing about death threats to Rep electors.
Russian election "hacking" - unsubstantiated charge
Dear sir, quit fighting Trump...leave team establishment and join team America...quit aiding Democrats!
Take LEADERSHIP, have COURAGE, be PATRIOTIC: investigating trump's threat to AMERICA must be independent, never POLITICAL
Why the Senate is still full of idiots such as Graham?
I'm happy for you; but it's time to #impeachTrump #now. @gop @SenJohnMcCain
WE, THE MAJORITY OF VOTERS, DEMAND THE USA INDEPENDENTLY INVESTIGATE AND IMPEACH THE LEGITIMACY OF THE 2016 POTUS ELECTION
Mr Graham you need charged, and removed from office! You are a disgrace to the Republican party, I mean wow
remember Titan.Atlas ? Trump tries to stick SC taxpayers with bill for Trump Jr's mess http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/trump-tries-to-stick-sc-taxpayers-with-bill-for-trump-jr-s-mess-854853699850 … … via @msnbc
why doesn't President Trump do recess appointments during the next week?  That would temporarily bypass senate snails.

Letterman: "Have you had any dealings with the Russians?" Trump: "I've done a lot of business with the Russians." 
U should be ashamed at the way U behave toward Pres. Trump. I hope U get defeated at next election.
you would sneak out , not come back until they left and consider calling the guys in white coats armed with restraints
nice weather. What about impeaching Trump. If he, Conway and Spicer were at your house and lied to you like they lie to
Scott Pruitt to head the EPA? WRONG!  Environmental health is economic health. You are accountable.
Go hug a tree...and rub one out...
Please investigate
Why, FBI already cleared and said nothing illegal was done
@postandcourier @MachinistsUnion Lindsey,if you truly support americans,why on Soros and Muslim Brotherhoods payroll?
Really? when was the last time YOU had a job in SC? Workers here have ZERO rights & protections plus substandard pay.
They have jobs...that's a bigger thing
South Carolina is a great place to call home
OK Earthquake's emails as a Kochsucker & w/SexyRexyExxy hit the news next week, OK judge won't protect the shill any more.
What r u doing to protect SC taxpayers from Trump and Titan/Atlas Mfg in Charleston toxic clean up?
Please call a bipartisan investigation stand up for USA over Russia. #USAfirst #WorsethanWatergate #russiagate
it proves that our education system a failure!They do not comprehend unions protect their right/increase quality of life.
Sad day.  SC workers continue to be intimated. SC workers have no rights. I know. I was fired after 9 yrs.
Should have done what the boss told you and worked harder
Please pass law to make Trump show taxes to reveal Russian ties. This is basic common sense & should've happened already.
L-Graham, my man, unrelated- it would be a rad time to make another appearance & point out the illegal Russian cooperation
@SenateGOP we the people need you to investigate #Trumprussia  #conflictsofinterest #TaxReturns #tax GET ON IT!
He may, he is a RINO
well done to everyone who voted.
Also a sign that businesses that treat employees w/ dignity and as partners that they won't feel forced to fight for basics
When is the bipartisan committee going to investigate General Flynn & the other Russian sympathizers in the WH? #russiagate
Never, because FBI said nothing illegal happened...duh
If you're into discrimination and marrying your cousins, inferior education and no healthcare.
#Union it's not a big deal either way anymore Senator, I've worked in both.
direct corolation between the decline in unions and middle class incomes.. I know, its only a FACT.  #KeepYourPower
Nah, that better fits with a decline with Obama in office and socialism
@postandcourier @MachinistsUnion A race to the bottom.And we wonder why the rich keep getting richer while  wages stagnant
victory over socialist beliefs but, The Republican President is okay with Putin? mixed messages from your party #mynextVEEP
really? Having workers alienate themselves from collective bargaining is to be celebrated?
Having a job is
Please protect our country! We are in danger, Trump has sold our freedom to Russia! #investigateTrump #25thamendment
yeah, it's amazing what brainwashing can accomplish.
Liberals are champs at that
#DoYourJob
so all/most workers in s.c. feel the same as these boeing workers. do you have any evidence of that besides this 1 vote?
yes-first job was at a bank. Mangement told employees-we do not need unions.
now go worry about serious issues like the Russian investigation
No it's not. Can hardly afford to live here, let alone move away 'cause salaries are so depressed. You do disservice to us.
Their are small towns away from Charleston-where you can live on SS
That's a joke. 4 disabling cond. Denied SSI/Dis. by ALJ. Basically told, get off meds, get sicker, go to hospital
he needs to worry about not getting re-elected
He does not care they have too long term limits. Needs to be three years and two terms only.
@postandcourier @MachinistsUnion When Rs going to seriously investigate the Russian ties? This is not partisan politics.
As soon as Hillary is in jail for taking millions in dirty money
great place to keep wages and benefits down and workers from prospering
Please investigate the Trump/Russia story.
@postandcourier @MachinistsUnion South Carolina: feel free to screw over our people!
Who is "our people"?
no it is a great signal to companies to come and take advantage of our workers w no recourse or oversight
Please investigate the Trump/Russia story.
No,it a lie...says FBI
