Lindsey Graham: Susan Rice has history of 'political manipulation' of national security information http://bit.ly/2o5JxOz  
Any thoughts on this given today's revelations?  Any chance you guys will quit trying to scapegoat Obama and do your jobs?
@AbbyWixon @LindseyGrahamSC omg
We already know it was for political gain!
What was the political gain?
There's no reason for me to answer that question, as no response would satisfy your tiny brainwashed mind
It must hurt to be you.
What a burn! I think I might cry myself to sleep tonight
Young man, I asked a serious question and would truly like a serious response. I prefer civil discourse rather than trading barbs.
"I know about the mistresses, sugar babies, the pill popping, the orgies.,” said Cernovich. No honor amoung racists!
@FoxNews there's a lot more than that America deserves to know. Wake up.
Stop with the side show.  The main event is whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Russians!
@LindseyGrahamSC we also deserve to know if @realDonaldTrump worked with the Russians to destroy American democracy!
you have NO integrity left what-so-ever! #VoteHimOut
You can blame Obama all you want but nothing cantarnish his name the wayTrumps is.The Gop&you are ever so bitter. You need therapy bigtime!!
Are your finances tied up with Russia too? She did nothing illegal. Get 2 real problem or are Repubs covering a conspiracy?
It won't work. You're trying to deflect.
Distract, distract, distract. Shame on you!
In addition to sounding just as insane as the president, you are now repeating yourself. Please stop. It's embarrassing.
One day, he's got me beaming with pride...the next, I'm cowering behind the couch chanting, "make his mouth stop moving"....
Lindsey likes to hear himself on TV.  Drama queen.  #RussiaTrump
Senator, America deserves to know if @realDonaldTrump and his people colluded with Russians to sway our election. Please focus!
You know better.  You know better.  You know better.  No evidence here....but plenty of evidence for DT's Russian collusion.  Investigate!
Why aren't you pushing on Russia? This is deflection, GOP deflects/blames. It is TRAITOROUS to ignore #Trumprussia What are you hiding from?
We know the unmaskers all on Trumps team:MichaelEllis, EzraCohen-Watnik, JohnEisenberg,Nunes, SteveBannon, StephenMiller, Burr. All on GOP!!
American wants to know if lying Trump planned the #GasAttack to justify the war he needs to wage for Russia.
Americans deserve to know if;
1 Russia helped Trump win Rep nomination
2 helped Trump beat HRC
3 why are there so many ppl w ties to Russia
Is it her blackness or femaleness that makes you hate her so much?
Why politicians cannot be locked up is beyond me. Susan Rice is a criminal. Hillary is a crook. Obama spied and who are we kidding. Sad
Please stop being a part of this administration's misdirection campaign. Grow a conscience.
Deflecting much?
we deserve to know if Trump was colluding with the Russians!
Do you see what all these people are begging u to do...? DO SOMETHING! Quit playing the party card, align with honest GOP'S & make us proud!
@LindseyGrahamSC you know this is a deflection. We need you to vote #NoNuclearOption & work to end the bipartisan war in #congress
She said she did.
We are not afraid.  Let the hearings begin.  Ms. Rice can testify right after Sally Yates! Tell Nunes to schedule hearings!
Can we get Michelle Obama to testify, too? Just because she's awesome and I miss her. Public hearings, right?
#yes
Finish the Trump/Russia investigation - he is POTUS and weilding alot of power while he could be illigetamate - this is much more pressing
North Korean missiles, Syrian chemical weapons, and this is what you're hung up on? Shame
Shame, it was just proven that Susan Rice did not unmasked anyone. There goes your conspiracist theory! Go do your job!
Wrong! She admitted she asked to have those names "Unmasked" She had NO BUSINESS doing so.
You don't understand how this works. Lol wow.
Explain to us how it works. I'm waiting...
For how rare her actions are? A political opponent, has never been unmasked before and shared with 16 agencies. Never.
Read the feed. My question was clearly addressed to Tacey. Believe me, I understand how it works...
I never had any doubt you did. Crooked faced Tacey, questioned my knowledge.
You&fellow GOPs waste a lot of time tweeting&not doing your jobs.So inherently unethical & have always been. You call yourselves Christians?
How could it have been for political purposes if she didn't know who was being unmasked until they were unmasked?
We are SICK to DEATH of gvmt officials, all levels, being "above the law", despite what our Congress preaches. We demand a full court press!
Americans deserve a president that is not a shithead...
You are quite the opportunist drama queen. Your shtik--jump on an “outrage” and exploit political possibility. Find mic, huff/puff, move on
Gimme a break Senator. Now ur carry water for Trump??
Lindsey Graham is a man of very low intellect,unable to reason !
American's ...the possessive
No, we need to know how Russia and Trump collided to interfere with our election process and treason. Looks like you are being bought again!
@FoxNews is always so accurate?. Why do @gop believe them w/o question? Because they put you all falsely in a good light? I'm sick of it all
If a man cheats on his wife and a neighbor tells her....do you blame the neighbor?????
@FoxNews this is a nothing burger. Unmasking happens all the time and for good reason. Unmasking =/= leaking.
Amazing that you are more concerned about where info came from than the actual info.  We need the truth about RUSSIA, not leaks.
I think we know that she didn't. Settle down.
The American people deserve to know just how many republicans are traitors.
What??? America deserve to know if our president is a Russian puppet! All the rest is distraction and you know that!
Really? And your quote re: D's get judges, not R's? Garland!? 1/3 of Pres's nom'd to SCt. in final year, genius. Don't lie.
You mean like the persons inside the white house who gathered the "evidence" for Nunes?  That was clearly for political purpose by Nunes.
American deserve to know why @POTUS is NOT condemning Asad
NOT showing his taxes
NOT telling the truth
Sir we HAVE much bigger problems
OH PULLLLLEEEEEEEZZZZZ..... enough of that nonsense. FOCUS ON THE REAL ISSUE - BOTTOM LINE THE RUSSIAN DEAL.
I used to think this level of bullshit was beneath you but clearly my charity was misplaced
Horrible! Using sensitive info for political reasons.  Oh wait, that was Comey. #russiagate
U sure you what her to testify? Cuz the orange man child will be even more exposed.
They were investigating treason by Trump officials installed up by Putin, who also props up Assad regime. You are complicit.
Americans care more about Russian ties to Trump and his campaign!!!
You should know better than this. FOXNews is hardly a reliable source of anything!
Stop spreading the false narrative.
Why do you lie so much?
Nice try. Trump is still your legacy. No matter what you have ever done or will ever do. You will be remembered as the party of trump.
.@LindseyGrahamSC Focus on this aspect ignores that it is right to investigate foreign contacts, exposing that you are only a partisan hack.
With all due respect,  the people of the United States deserve to know if their current President won by colluding with a foreign govt.
My disappointment grows in Graham. Pres Trump: "Simon says run down my rabbit trail." Graham: "Ok, which one first?" @CNN @realDonaldTrump
@FoxNews Instead of this crap, Senator, why don't you focus on the dead children in Syria:
@FoxNews if no 1 knows who masked persons are, how could she target trump team. We need to know who foreign agents r first
She may have requested unmasking as part of job.  She doesn't have the authority to unmask anything alone, stop playing dumb Senator.
@FoxNews I was pretty sure anyone with half a brain knows this is nothing more than a distraction by trump. Was I wrong?
Americans should also know to what extent Russia played a part in getting Trump elected! why don't you stop being so partisan for a minute
Senator we deserve to know, did you vote to allow our Internet providers to unmask the American people's private information for profit?
Stay on the right side of this. This administration is a shit show. Get out of the way.
She was doing her job. Stop following the orange clown and his distractions.  U work for the American people not DJT
It was her in her job description and she never leaked that info to press.
Stop calling the Russians and they won't listen
#RussianCalls
We deserve SO MUCH MORE than this being your focus. Seriously, did Trump put you on the Russian payroll?? #Americansdeservebetter
I wish she had done it for political purposes....then maybe we would have had a different President. ....don't cha think?
Deflecting in the face of RUSSIA AND TRUMP COLLUSION!
And what are we going to do about the atrocities happening in Syria?
Focus on the Senate investigation into Russian involvement in the election. Your partisanship and nastiness is showing again.
Senator, wonder if they were doing unmasking on you and the others in the GOP primary.  This is a bigger then Watergate
They also deserve to know if the president and his cronies colluded with Russia. #priorities
We deserve the truth about 45 and Russia. Where are you on that?

Sure let's look into that without any evidence it is the case... Reaching ..Reaching. .. reaching
Seeing @realDonaldTrump taxes would answer a lot of questions about how deeply into the Soviet's he really is, no?
I was starting to get a little respect for you and now you do this.. come on man.. look at the white house
@FoxNews maybe you think this tactic will force republicans to start an investigation???? Otherwise ridiculous.
@SpeakerRyan put petty personal agendas aside- Put your Voters & Country first. @GOP VOTERS need #ACA so work to keep & improve it, PLEASE
Time 4 @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 2 standup 2 the dangerous paranoia of Trump/Bannon or @GOP will Lose Seats & permanently ruin careers/reputation
Senator Graham, Can you and your fellow senators grab the steering wheel because we are headed off a cliff. Please help our country
Nice to know you are believing in conspiracy theories lobbed by the alt. Right
The President and his team's collusion with Russia is what Americans want to know Senator
This is pure deflection from Trump's collusion problem.
The key issue here is Russia.  As a citizen of the U.S., I need to know if my President  is beholden to some Russian influence or not!
Didn't you know? She can only request the unmasking - doesn't mean it will happen.  Maybe you should follow @BradMossEsq #NatSec
We also deserve to know if our current administration is treasonous.
Mr. Graham, we have Russians in the Whitehouse.  We have unparalleled corruption in the oval office & THIS is the battle you want to pick?
Are you saying youre concerned Trump figures may have been surveilled for Russia ties and shld be unmasked? Then applaud Obama for doing so?
She was doing her job! I thought you were one of the few Republicans with some integrity until the past few days! Party over country!
@FoxNews Really now?! Russians likely influenced election - you r so GD hypocritical it's astounding. Ur seat is in trouble
I wouldn't vote for you again as my Senator much less Pres.  I'm ashamed of your support for Trump and the all talk no action political game
I see your long game, playing both sides to secure Pres bid, all your talks with the press=future commercials for 2020 Pres campaign.1/2
NO- the right has a history of manipulating information for pol purposes- what were the Benghazi investigations? Overtly political! STOP
Americans deserve to know if the Prez. hired a Russian spy to be his NSA advisor. Don't you think? @IndivisWstchr
Outrageous accusation. See what bandwagon you easily jumped on. Party over County again.
Now you disappoint... Falling for the completely unfounded Trump distraction. Keep pressure on Russian collus. - our democracy depends on it
This needs to move quickly. Sucking a lot of O2 from other issues.
The Trump administration is awash in corruption and probable treason and THIS is what ur talking about? Partisan > Patriotism. Shameful.
Americans deserve a real president.
I agree with that however Trump's association with Russia is alarming. Though so far all roads lead to him everything needs to be looked at.
Americans deserve to know that Flynn's WH mole is the source for this "info"
Do we deserve to know about preemptive strikes in NKorea, how about why state dept is still empty. Or why we have Lurch for sec.of state.
If there was "nothing there, there" per "Trump Team" how would it be political, unless unmasking was done for a National Security reason NO?
2) you know, I know, and most dimwit Americans know by now, you just can't go unmasking US citizens in intelligence reports for no reasons.
3) so the only conclusion is that your tweet is only for political reasons Mr. Graham.
4) If there was a question to ask, I would ask @POTUS why he is saying America is to blame for gas attack in Syria, not al-Assad or Russia?
I love how this person goes "Pres Obama" and didn't acknowledge Trump as the president.  I love this.
NO SENATOR They deserve 2 know about Russian ties to Trump and perjury by 5 of his cabinet. Gorsuch can and must wait
Assad used chem on children! 45 passing blame as usual now w/o congress secretly sending troops to Syria. How about we deserve to know that?
"Unmasked?" What? What in the world is anyone or everyone talking about. What if they were terrorists, or spies.responsibility to protect US
is showing who he really is putting party over country.  Sad.
@LindseyGrahamSC You wanted to lead this country as POTUS -- now is your chance LEAD! Stop w/ the BS conspiracies & stand up against 45
You are a traitor to our country, Senator. #shame #coward #yourlastterm
Grow a pair
There is much more evidence of the Obama administration spying on Trump, than there is of collusion between Trump and Russia. Get it done!
Or, part of her job. Stop normalizing this already embarrassing President.
South Carolina deserves 
 a better Senator.
Shame on you for spreading this distraction away from Prince and Russiagate.
@FoxNews
1. American's expected you/GOP to vote on Judge Garland. 2. Did Trump team have ties to RU - related to election disinformation! 3. USA 1st
no senator, we need to know if Trump is a foreign agent
We need EPA to protect us from Greedy Corps polluting our air, food,water,destroying our planet. Shame on the GOP.
Trump is just another GOP puppet.
Espionnage politique ? @tdgch @RTSinfo On ne lit rien a ce sujet ? Dommage, c'est intéressant. La probité de Sen Lindsay Graham est notoire.
You know better than this.
Nice try. Worry about Tillerson being useless. At least Ruce wasn't on payroll of Russua and Ukrainians like Flynn. Traitors in WH.
just because I saw you at the Capital Club in the early 00s doesn't excuse you from forgetting the apostrophe in "Obamas"
You are terrible at your job. Unless you job is being blind to what the country wants.
@FoxNews Senator are you suggesting Rice should NOT of been investigating Flynn? Plz keep your eye on #Russia voting fraud
Trump will take us down
Please, for the Constitution, don't let Trump and Bannon kill Democracy
They will if we don't stop them. Rice or not
Bring it...absolutely, we want hearings, & testimony from Rice, Yates, Flynn, Jarrod, Manafort, & Page. But your stalling and not funding.
PS - Don't let them gaslight you. Look at the evidence not her reputation
#Trumprussia #russianinfluence  
C'mon Lindsey, USA before party
I agree but if what was unmasked was something the American people need to know, more power to the whistle blowers
#DeepThroat #Trumprussia
America NEEDS to know more about Russian influence, first!! You are splitting My country. Stop!!!!
Americans deserve to know whether the Trump campaign & the Trump administration have colluded with Russia
You're on the crazy train! Selling out our democracy! Shame on you!
YOUR SPREADING PROPAGANDA WHEN CHILDREN HAVE BEEN GASSED? First you won't declare war on the Assad regime when Obama asked you to, now this?
WSJ is now saying she did nothing. Quit spreading White House propaganda sweetie. It's making you look sexist and racist. #resist
You are right.The media cant hide the story forever.Congress and FBI will and should investigate
Let's do it!!!:-):-):-)
Susan Rice did nothing wrong as NS Director with full security clearance. Unmasking is common part of job. Stop distraction for Putin Trump.
Don't you think the unmasking was done for purposes of national security? Isn't that the reason it is usually done? Why is this different?
Oh shut up. Seriously, you and all Republicans are like a dog with a boner for anything Susan Rice. YOU supported the guy destroying the US.
More smoke and mirrors from Trump and his idiots.  Trying to divert attention away from all he has done!!!
Really Lindsey? You are better than this. I know you're playing to the base. You @SenJohnMcCain  can be real leaders right now.
Senator I like you very much but for God sake have you also lost your mind!
Don't let them fool you Senator. Russia is the danger.
Stop it. You know what your saying is ridiculous. Get back to focusing on the real priority.
Uhm... you do know that Trump's National Security Advisor was kinda working for Russia and Turkey? Right? You know that, right?
We also deserve better protection from Trump! Open your eyes this is not the Trump Organization! You all are letting him do this to the US!
You have been #trumped and are moving off course. Steer back into the channel or you will run aground.
LOCK HER UP...
Character assassination is such a clichéd #Republican ideal. You guys are becoming the villains in a mediocre #JamesBond movie
On the list of things Americans deserve to know, your priorities are as out of whack as your policies #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
Why do the republicans hate us. Why was the internet privacy sold... no more rights please help me understand Why? Why sneaky Syran deploy?
I thought you  were better than this. ..don't prove me wrong
Just when I was going to write you off as a gay democrat you actually redeem yourself.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DESERVE TO KNOW IF TRUMP &/OR ADMINISTRATION WAS IN COLLUSION WITH RUSSIA.  THAT'S WHAT NEEDS TO BE ANSWERED F*I*R*S*T
I think the American people deserve to know how much Russia helped elect our Pres. And if he asked for it. Focus.
Big fuss about nothing. Nothing but fake news. Shame on you for piling on Trump's diversion tactics. Thought you had more integrity.
Give it up Lindsey
Republicans have to blame someone as usual. So now they are going after Rice! Not a surprise Repubs!

What will the price of your political expediency be when Trump goes to jail?
When will all the senators stop the political fights & hear the People? Hello, WE exist!  Trump lied to us, & isn't
governing based on what he campaigned for. I'm not political guru, but I can see the lies; he isn't doing anything promised
What about finding out why the F the Trumps were talking to them? Any Jeb, Rubio, Cruz staffers talking to the Russians?
@FoxNews This is the least of our problems regarding the transition.
I thought you were interested in saving the planet from the looming catastrophe of Trump.  Rice is no smoking gun. Trump is
That's been asked an answered.  More important things: #Trumprussia, North Korea, Syrian chemical weapon.  We tire of this partisan BS
I thought you had half a brain?? Stop playing Trump's distraction game #embarassing
You are losing all credibility Lindsay Graham.  Go watch your sports.
Every time I think you're a solid guy, you take another sip of Kool-Aid.
Bring in a special prosecutor for the Russian investigation & add Rice to it. Let chips fall where they may. GOP will never go for it.
Nice to have you back on the team Senator as opposed to watching you try to out ass  kiss McCain with the liberal main stream  media.
This is So Important! Political Manipulation by #Obama's Administration!
Disappointed that you would get caught up in such folderol. Thought you were a leader not a GOP/Trump shill. Or trying to be relevant?
Shame on you!  Look at the responses to you tweet, for god's sake!#TrumpRussia
Yes, definitely go after the people reporting observing treasonous acts, and ignore the treason.  Republi-con logic.
Lindsey...you know better and I'm disappointed. This administration also has some things to answer to that quite frankly are more serious...
Settle down. Russia first
