shameful nonsense about the so-called Biden Rule. Always gotta blame a Dem even under auspices of bipartisanship, don’t ya?
You're wrong this guy is all about siding with Corporations
Fruit from the Russian poisoned tree, Lindsey.
You are wrong      # Lindseygrahamsc
Shame shame.
Graham we thought u stood for the American people, now u have revealed who u r. Don't go down w the ship of colluders who lie to u.
GOP u know the Republican party is gone eh?
It's now a warped morphed White Nationalist ideology of 45 & others
GOP destroyed 2 party system
Whateverittakes Congress's Rules to preserve highest standards for confirming #SupremeCourt nominees shld be preserved for #future
Just like a Russian!  You getting paid too?
Nomination is a disgrace & you as an attorney & JAG officer of all people should know it. #frozentrucker #plagiarism
How could you agree to go on the show of a man who sexually harasses women??? What kind of values are you promoting!! @oreillyfactor
this was particularly disappointing. Maybe he's trying to help boost O'Reilly's ratings?
I would stop right around here...
lame.
Another GOP HYPOCRITE!!
The path of bodies left behind during Trump's first few months in office shld include the #SCJ seat while under investigation #StolenSeat
As a Democrat, I think you are right: there is something very broken here. Trump is part of it, but not the whole thing.
Target Lindsey Graham for unelection
You present yourself as an independent thinker but so far, Lindsay, you've been nothing but a rubber stamp for @realDonaldTrump #bendover
@RealTimers @thestate Seems to me you all cheated. 
People get upset when others cheat. Too bad you ruined your legacy.
Easy to be so reconciliatory when your party is in charge, stole the seat, has the presidency (however illegitimate).
Does hypocrisy even exist as a concept anymore for the GOP, and if it still exists has it simply freed itself from the constraints of shame?
I mistakenly thought you were a man of integrity but changing the rules bc you can't win? That's low and childish! Entire Admin childish!!!
I hope you don't join in forever damaging the integrity of the Senate by voting for the nuclear option. Find a judge that can get 60!
#confirmgarland

Judge Gorsuch hearings proved he is eminently qualified, will be a thoughtful Constitutionalist on Supreme Court. #confirmgorsuch
This is happening because of the unprecedented blockage of Garland by the GOP. Blame yourselves.
The GOP ignored Garland, then declared they would never fill SCOTUS seat if HRC won... atleast admit what you really are...
Gorsuch is a plagiarize, in addition to all his other limitations, but you all won't care because, oh well! Integrity? We don't need that!
Even changing the rules? How does that help democracy?
Absolutely! Raze it all to the ground! Comity is comedy. Dems will never again be in the majority (yes?), therefore
Please don't
as a former Columbia SC resident, totally agree with you Senator re Judge Gorsuch
Russia

Why no vote on Obamas nominee
All hiring, including Gorsuch should be stopped until Trump/Russia investigation is complete.
Where you conveniently forget to mention that 21 SCOTUS judges have been confirmed in the last year of a Presidency.
so why don't you just eliminate the ability to filibuster next. you don't care about people. Just about the "win"
#disappointed @LindseyGrahamSC. I thought you were better than this.
Meaning: "I'll get my way or throw a tantrum." How productive. Whatever It Takes. What constituents will do to get rid of you in 2018.
"Whatever it takes" Funny I didn't see u #holdthefloor for 15.5 hrs OPPOSING @SenJeffMerkley 
Going nuclear is a huge mistake! Y'all gonna regret it!
& @SenJohnMcCain saved us all from our worst selves with their stand against torture. Will they stand up & save the Senate?
Executive order of thinking:  Trump, Russia, Judge.  Go in the right order
You already did "whatever it takes" @LindseyGrahamSC when you stole the election by refusing a hearing for Garland. You are reprehensible.
Lindsey you are letting us down. I have lost all respect for you. Party over Country is not doing your job. Very self serving.Disappointing
No no no. Not whatever it takes. Find. Better candidate.
STOP!! Investigate trump & get him out!! Republicans are destroying any chance of ever winning elections! Fix it
Just stop. You used to have an independent streak, now you're just another Trumpite toady. So disappointed in 1 of few GOPers I respected
I remember you doing this for Justice Garland. Oh, wait...
You represent ALL SC citizens, not just the Republicans. Country and people over party. Gorsuch is a bad choice.
#coward #traitors #finalterm
U mispronounced obstruct. No respect for Obama at all.  It was WRONG when you did it and it's wrong now but 2 revise history is shameful.
Very disappointing.
Merrick Garland.
It's like you guys learned nothing from Harry Reid.
I haven't seen one comment in favor of you Sen. And btw when r u going to come out of the closet? Ur such a hypocrite.
Party over country, right Lindsey?  So SAD. #resist


proof you are a dam liar 
You will find yourself on the wrong side of history, sir.  We need grownups in government, not "whatever it takes"
What was your view on Garland? That Dem presidents are illegitimate by definition?
You are a party before country senator. No morals. We will remember
Merrick. Garland. We won't forget.
I really understand what you are trying to do. But shouldn't a judge on the SC follow the laws and not be partisan? You ask to much of him
getting hammered by people on Twitter. Why because he's wrong! Maybe we wait till we find out about trump and Russia??
Merrick Garland
Glad your okay with serial sexual harassers*
hypocritical for a guy who's Party obstructed Obama. We did not forget. Republican agenda was to obstruct Obama
Stay the consensus builder. Make SC proud
Everyone has a right to their vote.Just because you guys don't like it doesn't mean you should change the rules.Hypocrites #Garlandgotnovote
Lindsey Graham sensors his Facebook post so people who's  opinions he doesn't like doesn't let them make comments
What you really say if the Dems pulled a stupid stunt like this? Why even have rules if you just change them to get your way?
Pls focus on the important stuff 1st, like investigating the potentially compromised @potus, then confirm Merrick Garland
Up or down vote on Merrick Garland.  That's what it takes.
DONT change the Senate for Trump.  You will change the history of America- democracy as we know it- for Trump?  Put your ego aside for USA!
Your thoughts are disordered. Where is your patriotism, sir? No SCOTUS vote while 45 is under FBI investigation for treason.  TrumpRussia
So you will not follow the rules but change the rules to get your way. Vote Graham out.
He is soooo perfect that it is whatever it takes? Why is compromise stripped from your vocabulary? Be an educated adult and answer
Of course.  You know that Russia has destroyed the #GOP .That seat will be conservatism's only anchor. You must have it, or go extinct.
Stop obeying your party and listen to what your constituents are telling you!
It takes 60 votes. If you don't have them, you need a new candidate
Here is the deal.  No filibuster on Gorsuch if his vote is delayed until after impeachment and Trump is removed
You turned your back on Merrick Garland, who is a fine and highly-qualified man. Stop following your party and listen to your constituents
You've seen the examples of his plagiarizing, no?
I know you think it will never happen, but one day there will be a Dem POTUS and a Dem Senate. If u get rid of the filibuster, what then?
60 Votes PLEASE
No confirmation until Trump is under FBI investigation!!!
You have lost all credibility. I used to think that you were a statesman and not a mere politician. I was wrong.
This has been a battle you didn't anticipate, but conservatives appreciate you seeing it through until the end.
He and @SenateMajLdr have been setting the narrative for days. They can't wait to go nuclear.
Cruz, Burr, and (your BFF) McCain said would block a Clinton nominee for 4 years, after blocking Garland for a year.  You are a hypocrite!
Collins & Graham have earned the right to stand their ground. Not so for several others; but these two do.
Great. It'll be a great day when Senators begin to think more of the right thing to do rather than simply the right way to WIN.
This article sounds like the Lindsey Graham I once knew and respected not the one I have observed on the press recently good for you.
The President gave away your number at a rally and you are now bending over backwards to make him happy. He has no respect for you.
No to Gorsuch
you've already made it clear. And this will set up a 51 vote confirmation in 4 years for a far left judge. You guys keep splitting us apart.
THE  BIDEN  RULE AIN'T  A  REAL  THING 
Thread—Why @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenMajLeader's defense of GOP #StolenSeat using the nonexistent #BidenRule is a fatuous one.
@IndivisibleTeam https://twitter.com/indivisiblesc_2/status/848716216663519232 …
Whatever it takes is not what an honest man says. 
Hasta la vista, senator.
Way to go Lindsey "Nukem" confirm Gotsuch. The Dems are getting what they asked for 2013!!
A President that is under investigation should not be allowed to choose a supreme court justice.
Literally Destroy the Laws to Stop Women from Getting Abortions because Women Aren't As Important as PRECIOUS PRECIOUS FETUSES!!!
The @GOP hates women so much they are willing to ignore the massive economic gains they could get by supporting women entirely
You are wrong & blinded by your own bias. Gorsuch agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist views undermine our basic rights. #StopGorsuch
Did you give Garland a hearing?  If not you are a hypocrite.
GOP stole this seat from a twice-elected President @BarackObama. You went nuclear when you refused Merrick Garland. The rest is fallout.
I am very dissatisfied I thought u were smart men but u are probably blind of heart from this trash judge
#goptrainwreck #russiagop Get to work on an independent prosecutor on RUSSIA. THIS should BE your priority.
 you'll regret that
.@LindseyGrahamSC @thestate "whatever it takes" will come and kick you in the ass. Vote NO!!!
Here is a thought confirm that clown you give up Bannon, Kushner, Sessions,DeVos, Scott you leave and two other picks down the line 
Respected you but NO for gorsush.
Acknowledged: Sen. Lindsey GRAHAM
Again....you offer no compromise and collaboration.  Divisive.  YOU are part of the problem if you don't offer solutions.
You're a thoughtful Senator, but have offered no rationale to support what you refer to as "the Biden Rule." Seems disingenuous. Say why.
nope
Just remember this column when it backfires on you too... nuclear options contain fallout.
sad you didn't allow Merrick Garland a hearing or a simple yes or no vote.But now it's whatever it takes. This is why Washington is a joke.
@LindseyGrahamSC you need to shut your month up and get to work on RUSSIA! Do your job or this will be your last term!
More deconstruction. More disruption. Who really wins here?
Work harder at consensus. GOP was willing 2put off filling SCOTUS seat for over 1yr. Why go nuclear in a rush? Will change Senate 4ever!
I agree. @LindseyGrahamSC @TimScottHR  I will not support you with my SC vote if you do.
"Whatever it takes."  As a lawyer you should understand the value of laws and limits.  You're supposed to work WITHIN them, not change them.
If you change them to get your way, you failed.
Lindsey likes making bold statements. He was suppose to be working on RUSSIA. He likes his photos.  .@SenJohnMcCain .@SpeakerRyan #resistbot
And he changes with the weather, which doesn't help.
you better vote yes on funds for the wall
we don't get to play dirty here-don't like the game, change the results?
You wouldn't entertain a nominee because Obama had only 11 mos left. But you're ok with a nominee by a Prez under FBI investigation? Really?
You are so stuck on eliminating abortion rights that you will toss your constituents aside in the process. Donors are not constituents. @GOP
DIGUSTING. Abide by the law. Don't make your own rules.
#NoGorsuch Don't trash senate norms to confirm a plagiarizing judge.
You will vote for the plagiarist! Like you voted for the unqualified DeVos, Carson, etc, etc, and you will hurt those of us who need ACA!
U dont give a damn about what "the people" want. U only care about big corporatations, white male control, destroy health care, oust women
Womens health care. U should be ashamed. Dont reelect
By endorsing the nuclear option, are eroding a tenet of our democracy. Therefore you have become the enemy you swore to defend against.
Don't do it. Wait for #TrumpRussia results before seating SCOTUS #illegitimatejudge
If your goal is bipartisanship and functioning government, then allowing this pick; and allowing the blockade of Garland; was a HUGE blunder
ditto
Sorry if I don't trust you. You voted to confirm Tillerson right? Great choice
Gorsuch was nominated by a tangerine con artist currently under investigation for TREASON

GOP = Putin's bitches
