Tomorrow on TODAY... Senator @LindseyGrahamSC talks to @MLauer & @SavannahGuthrie in an exclusive interview. 
don't be ashamed of being gay! Come out already!
why do you and McCain always say things about Trump? Should the Republicans not be acting and sticking together?
@TODAYshow @MLauer @SavannahGuthrie Maybe don't say we should "looked at someone like" you re healthcare when yours is FREE
this man is a traitor and with McCain has sold this country out to our enemies !
SENATE
March 15, 2017 - 08:48 AM EDT
Graham: We'll stall DOJ nominee if FBI doesn't comply on wiretap.  Graham is dirty.
The Dem leftists are loving you Lindsay that is until it's time to vote.
You like the spotlight, going against the GOP gets you interviews with left media. DNC seems to like you.

Letterman: "Have you had any dealings with the Russians?" Trump: "I've done a lot of business with the Russians." 
It's not against the law to do business around the world. 
Thanks once again for speaking honestly. I appreciate your convictions and straight talk. We need more like you!
... NBC FAKE NEWS
Sorry wrong-that's Fox, Breitbart, Drudge, Daily Caller, Limbaugh, Coulter, etc all cheap FAKE NEWS!!!
... You are an IDIOT!!
Nice come back!
no he doesn't.
I can not believe that any one believes his lies !
YOU ARE A TRAITOR --I SEEN YOU TRYING TO START A WAR --YOU SHOULD RESIGN -----ASAP-----AND TAKE MCCAIN WITH YA
anything else you'd want a thorough investigation. This you don't. Very telling
Tax Returns, Tax Returns, Tax Returns, Tax Returns, Tax Returns, Tax Returns, Tax Returns
Please Senator continue to do all you can to protect this great nation from this dangerously unhinged/inept "presidency"
please go away; You're useless.
why is insurance across state lines a no go in Senate? I feel it is a great idea to lower costs.
GOOD MORNING! You did a phenomenal job!  Message to @WhiteHouse: Answer the question! @cnn interview also great!
him and McCain was welcome back by Democratic s who have them on their side !
Will he stand up to Trump, or lie for him?
Much better choice than Fox.
Sir please say FORMER President Obama give our President his support..
Linsey a critic but does nothing as per usual. Unprofitable RINO
keep up the good work.  Get all the answers!
Speak the truth. Trump needs to show evidence he was wire tapped by Obama!
McCain and yourself are poster boys for term limits.
What? Missing out on appearing with Rachel Maddow?
stop being a democrat - you ahole
without proof we can only conclude every tweet is either a joke or shouldn't be taken literally.
if your doctor or lawyer claimed their advice was a joke or not literal this much you would fire them.  Not professional!

#Breaking Video:#Trump set up a "fund in India" AKA HE MUST HAVE MONEY IN INDIA #TrumpLeaks #dworkinreport #theresistance #mlkday #mlk #rt 
libtards do appear on libtard run media
Show your true self & stand for what's right.  Make POTUS tell the truth Sen Graham. Make America proud again of it's Sen.
"there" not "their"
I'm sorry to see that Lindsay is even doing interviews on NBC CNN exedra. Just stick to the facts
I'm independent .. Sir my respect I don't why every republican should be like you
@SenJohnMcCain @GOP @HouseGOP @senateGOP @SenatorBurr @Rep_DevinNunes @SenMajLdr @VP @SpeakerRyan @GOPoversight
go mr. Graham!!! Thank you for speaking out. We appreciate it.
Can you justify then about the increase in premiums predicted by the CBO?
They keep putting an "R" by your name please correct them.
Do you consider having any moral fiber a disqualifier for Repubs-I get that if you're for #donthecon
Senator PLEASE stand up for an INDEPENDENT COMMITTEE You OBVIOUSLY know it's warranted, PLEASE For our DEMOCRACY!!!
Thank you, Sen Graham. Appreciated your insight and straight answers.
@TODAYshow @MLauer @SavannahGuthrie so you put Trumps 2005 tax returns in the mailbox?
trump did that-wake up already !
I thought the Russians did it.
I'm a Democrat, but you made a lot of sense this morning!  Thank you!
Don't mention God or Christ, they will bleep you out!
Israel 1st US #media & Israel Lobby lackeys @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenJohnMcCain talk Russia influence but not Israel's http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
your @Morning_Joe segment was great
Thank you for speaking for all americans n standing up for the truth
Please i pray this is real and not another trumpstunt
@MSNBC Why did Obama make Russia the boogeyman for @TheDemocrats losses? We were hacked by everyone,why single out Russia?
16 intel agencies named Russia not Dems "Real News" You echo #donthecon lies!
...ppl on expanded Medicaid are poverty level & cant afford ACA/ @GOP program..what will happen to them when expansion ends
@MSNBC Did Obama get Trump intel from the British? Clearly,Obama found no dirt or he would have used it.
You ought to shut your pie hole, DEPLORABLES are sick of you! Take McCain with ya!
RINO
Thank you for speaking so clearly and to the point this am.  It's refreshing.
@TODAYshow 
There should be an investigation into @LindseyGrahamSC And his cozy ties with the military industrial complex
Thank you re: warrant & investigation.
You spoke, blah blah blah. Is this democrat Graham now?
If by that you mean he has at least SOME moral fiber then yes he must be a Dem!
How about you shut up and listen to South Carolina.
Best to you at the hearing. Agree with you on healthbcare bill. And as Savannah just said, you do have a way with words.
just shot it straight this AM. Refreshing to not have the BS thrown at us by another pol.
I don't agree with his politics but at least he's willing to be somewhat honest-makes him a real standout sadly
FYI @LindseyGrahamSC:
"#Obamacare" which is officially the #AffordableCareAct will NOT "collapse".

Get your facts straight lady.
#SaveACA
Run to your favorite Liberal garbage dumps to spew your hatred. Also I see your going to wallow in the CNN cesspool this AM
@TODAYshow I have disagreements with you but you have my respect and admiration!
US giving away our leadership on addressing climate and investing in clean tech. U stand by silently.  SAD!
this dem enjoys your humor and dedication to the American people. Keep the pressure up!

Ask them why they don't report on the long wait for children of US citizens waiting to move to USA
u need to back our president we get u don't like him but stop stonewalling get behind me bc he is trying n he is rep.
how can he back this president?mr. Graham is doing the right thing.
There must be an independent investigation, NOT one led by Burr or Nunes.
sorry you are wasting your time. What did you do on tax cuts today for people in SC?
please protect the democracy 4  those who have given their life to protect this nation and her people from domestic threats
Scrub trumps balls good now, ya hear!

