it's not leaking. It's reporting to the American People since they can't report to the Commander- In- Tweet. Sad!
hypothetical question: IF the Dir of Natl Security WAS compromised by Russia and you knew it, shouldn't you tell?
I mean, wouldn't you owe it to our country to keep our secrets out of adversaries hands?
you make no sense - so instead you release secrets to the press for the whole world to see?
secrets weren't released.the inappropriate contact with an adversary was released. Bad enough to quit.
the info on the possible compromise of national security was taken to the boss first. He filed it away
choice: 1) worry Russia will exploit info to do us harm OR 2) expose compromised Director to stop it.
Trump is praying that Putin does not blackmail him
how about investigating Trump's ties to Russia and why he's not doing his job instead.
No they should not be punished!  This admin has not made it safe to tell the truth!!  Shame on your part Fox!
Graham says "Look,we need 2 punish media for doing it's job INSTEAD of Flynn who is lying 2 the FBI"
yea u are right, but if it had not been leaked he would still be lying. Trump and his trumppetts cover for him.
Leaking classified data is a crime, so what do you think should happen Senator?
what about the content? 'What's the matter, scared you'll get caught?
whistleblowers are patriots. Otherwise WH would still be covering up for Flynn.
to bad the Obama administration didn't feel the same way about whistleblowers
impeach trump cause he knew what was going on. We impeach presidents for lying about a blowjob, this is bigger 
You are wrong about that #FactsMatter
but if the leakers are punished that sends message that you'd rather not know when president's team does wrong
Find the leak. You have solved the problem. Everything else is a Smoke Screen #ShadowGovernment
They are leaking to save our republic and you know it
it's not leaking , run it correctly no need to leak that's issue ! Crooked Trump!
Lindsey is a CRAZY as Trump focused on who leaked INSTEAD of be concerned that Trump is working with Putin
Trump and his Criminal administration need to be locked up the fact that Trump is Working With Putin IS PRIORITY!
AFTER we determine whether there's been collusion with a foreign government, please!
No!! The issue is the Russian connection! Protect this democracy!
Open primaries are the only reason @LindseyGrahamSC keeps winning our state. Back our president, Senator. Repubs are wasting time
We don't need a Republican Congress investigation of an American president.
when treason is committed, and you do not act, you are just as guilty.
Senator Graham why don't you get a job on tv because your on there more than you are in the Senate
If people didn't lie, cheat or pal around with criminals there would be nothing to leak
time for the senator to start legislating ways to balance the budget instead of trying to bring Trump down.
@GeorgeMee @FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC
If a crime is being committed, we should ALL be grateful for the leaks.
@nytimes Shouldn't you rather be PUNISHING POTUS for directly & publicly colluding with Russians re. Wikileaks?
Oh please @LindseyGrahamSC You love this. You and @SenJohnMcCain hate Trump and want him gone. You are a phony RINO and a liar.
Maybe we should have the Russians tell who is doing the intel leaks seeing they seem to be involved in all this!
Stop talking about and do something about it! Sickening!
The leakers, like Sally Yates, are goddamn American heroes. How 'bout you focus on the real problem: @POTUS/Putin
when you violate your oath and leak info its not that much more to tamper with it. sad NSA is now not trusted
. PRIEBUS AND GRAHAM UNDER MINDING PRESIDENT TRUMP
the leakers need to see serious jail time!
hammer time
Absolutely! Find the person leaking and put them in gaol 
get to the bottom of it all clear our president
Let's not forget "Classified" emails shall we on a Public server? A SOS who admits doesn't know what "C" means!
we need an independent investigation into gen flynn
That's right, CheetoHitler shouldn't have to answer to that pesky law and order stuff himself.
--> YOU need to step in line with Our President! He's done nothing wrong. This is a witch hunt. Nothing more.
I'm believing these are Obama leftovers. They all need to be fired asap! They're trying to take down POTUS.
I believe these leaks involve Obama and maybe Hillary. The leaks are within the WH Staff and in all Depts.
So you make the rounds; you're a traitor to the GOP. Especially to OUR President! YOU, McCain on Soros payroll.
graham is a pussy man
it's time for the DOJ do initiate a grand jury into these leaks!
Is that your priority?  We're in a Constitutional Crisis.  Do your Job!
sorry, they should be rewarded...
I hope Graham put some of this misguided energy when Obama told the Medelev he will have more flexibility? Do what
Sure, punish those for exposing the truth to the public. Shame on you "Sly" News! Be Ashamed for even saying this.
why weren't the citizens informed promptly through official information channels?  Citizens are lead stakeholders.
Mr. Graham you are a totally despicable along with your weasel buddy John McCain. You losers need to shut up.
U have two faces U can't decide what party to be with! U have totally fed ur party to the dogs! Old news retire!
Barrack Hussein Obama, what else do you need to know?
so McCain leaked secret info FBI report to abc .  A cover up. What happen here??????????
The first time in years I have agreed with Lindsey Graham!
Democrat in Republican clothes
The investigation that we are talking about is "what did trump know? And when did he know it?
the leaks are 100 times more concerning than Russia AND YOU KNOW IT. Are u being bribed by US Intel? You sure?
#RINO #Resign
they are leaking because congress is not doing their job.
why wouldn't the person/people who are leaking this information be possibly protected as whistleblowers?
oh you. Uh huh.
actually leaks pressured the investigation Otherwise it would be covered up #America deserves #Truth not #lies
You are a hypocrite & should ashamed. Where is the outrage for HRC emails/server/cells/Weiner classified leaks?SAD
The same people that leaked Hillary email!
Thank you for storming the Hill. :)
Yes, lets smoke them out!
thank you for finally standing with your party
Leakers are patriots! Do your job! Keep the Russians out of the White House.
You didn't care abt who leaked Hillarys info. Something should have been done abt hacking and Snowden.
Absolute MUST. Flynn issue far less a threat than politicized IC withholding intel from POTUS. PROSECUTE!
THAT'S 1,000% correct. Take these @BarackObama PLANTED SPIES DOWN. #DoYourJob
find the leakers and charge them with treason
The American Citizens gave Republicans want they need, back President Trump go to Work
these people wanting Trump impeached lol. With everyone talking about equality in America. Crickets for Obama era.
Talk,Talk,Talk,
Get a grand jury investigation going and nail those doing the leaking! Start with CIA,SS, FBI.They have access
Lindsey and McCain hate Trump we know these they want him to fail who cares what they think
Check the OBAMA transcripts.
He said a lot of other things...but you focus on the leaking? Shame Republicans!
You were afraid of Kelly because he knows where the bodies are buried. Can't wait for his book!
Funny you did nothing when King Obama and Hillary broke ever law you can thing off
Thank god for the leaks otherwise the American people would be left in the dark. They are patriots.
LETS DO THIS THING.INVESTIGATE.FLYNN.RUSSIAN.FLYNN.RUSSIAN.HACKS.HACKS,
. : : I totally agree, prosecute the leakers, they are traitors.
sorry but Lindsey is a Rhino step down or at least aside get on board the train Senator
Where's your STRONG OUTRAGE on intelligence agencies R committing espionage w/these leaks! U Obama/Clinton Puppet!
We don't prosecute "whistle blowers" who report when government officials are acting illegally or unethically.
FIND THE TREASONOUS FOOLS WHO ARE LEAKING !
Please get the ACA replaced and the tax cuts done.The people spoke !!
Your "Statement" now used by Liberal Dems 2 advance false narrative against POTUS + U know its untrue. U Dem Shill
"There lies the rub".
You should be spanked!
no we should thank them.
Mr Senator you were awesome today and you're spot on. Thank you!
and thx for finally supporting #POTUS
If there hadn't been leaks, we wouldn't know about this! How long have you known about it?
*rewarded
are they investigating you?
Leakers are patriots! We will never get honesty from this administration! We need the leakers.
My get on leak is Jim Comey.  My first thought when I heard this story.
where were all of you and the rest of the senators when Obama and Clinton we're breaking the law on a daily basis?
if nothing to leak no problem we need honesty and integrity which we are not going to get from DJT!
you should be punished for spitting in the face of the Trump voters!
and you wonder why Graham couldn't get to square one as a candidate!  Pathetic!
they should be punished by death sentence.
Y'all were okay with the leaks when they were about Hillary and the Dems. Turnabout is fair play!!! #RIPGOP
Hint... it's a whistleblowers that's fed up with the administration.
1. Security leak goes to jail 2. those protecting security leak go to jail. 3. replace with secure personnel. Done
let's not get distracted from the ISSUES though, it is still about the issues not the leaks
yes punish them all
Hell its probably Graham who's leaking, he's a homo involved in pizzagate, he's deep state jerk
Where was the call for investigating Wikileaks's prior to Republican take over?....crickets.....
To the fullest extent of the law!there's a JOB that needs attention ASAPMAGA
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump not leakers, whistleblowers, protected by law, more balls than republicans!
Why? Trump was thrilled when the leaks helped him. Now he's changing his tune. Figures.
I AGREE
Liberal infestation destroying America. Time to cull the herd and force polygraphs on EVERY employee.
Want to try a 'do over' with that statement Mr. Graham??
When is it ever the 'norm' to be contacting Russian Intelligence for someone running a campaign for the Presidency
only big league bad, that’s a game changer," said Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., on ABC's Good Morning America.@FoxNews @LindseyGrahamSC
"If there’s contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian intelligence officials outside the norm, that’s not
The phone taps were illegal!!start at the FBI then all the way to Obama
Your all history next election for allowing this crap to go on.
The security around President Trump and his team is leaking like a screen door on a submarine.
Must you comment on every hypothetical?  Show some maturity pleas.
Funny, but the Repubs didn't seem very intent on investigating illegally hacked DNC emails by Wikipedia
They need to be rooted out and need to be treated in the harshest of ways.
Lindsey, you don't nowcwant Americans to know what is going on?  You are joining Trump & putting party above USA!
You have committees for this, do your job-we don't need another committee and more $ spent!
It's more important to go after whistle blowers than traitors?
IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS NOW COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY
They all signed NDAs - federal crime for unauthorized disclosure- warrants investigation
Start firing Intel personnel until you get this solved.  These people are dirty, fine and to prison - treason.
these are the ONLY source of Truth coming out of the White House. Focus Lindsey or prepare to welcome the Russians
CASE OF TREASON ?
Damn straight,now good luck finding them
Yes Exactly We The People want that investigated and these people punished
punished as Traitors.
Do something instead of talking. Hunt them down and get rid of the moles.
Leaking only he didn't do anything wrong
oh yea lindsey what the hell have you done in 8yrs on Russia except run your mouth. You are a Crooked Senator
63 million Trump voters are watching like Hawks.
As a Republican, I am appalled at your constant undermining of the President and the future of USA. Shameful RINO!
Whoever is leaking should be given frigging Medals of Honor. They're the only true patriots left in government
Whistle blower law that protects. Will it be investigated with the veracity Trump wanted for Obama? Not likely
whistle blowers protecting their country from Russian blackmail & from an incompetent president should be thanked
Nope! American Intel deserves a medal! Protecting  our country, since the GOP dominated branches won't.America 1st
you need to lock these people up for treason against the United States with no argument except to destroy America
so Lindsey is it really that hard to figure out that leaks,and Obama tied together. Or does golden boy get a pass
Thank you a voice of reason
no one will admit it- we are in a state of war with radical Islam-as such any leak should be dealt with as treason
right, just like the kid that gave all that information to wikielikes #treason#wikielikes
I agree with Mr. Graham! Who ever is leaking classified information should be fined & put in jail!
pass the blame
the people leaking heroes! We need to find out more about Russian interfering in our election.
Sometimes you have to do the wrong thing to get to the proper result...Thanks leakey leakertin.
In a CORRUPT REGIME one must use corrupt measures to achieve  MORALITY. When in Rome do as the Romans do.
they should get whistle blower protection.
Time to start firing!
A true patriot will risk all, including incarceration, to protect the PEOPLE, DEMOCRACY and COUNTRY.
locked up
They had better be punished unlike Hillaryclinton!
For telling we the people information WE SHOULD HAVE DAILY. Thats not right. Full disclosure &  inclusion is right
# ridiculous
for telling the truth? Naw, we need whistleblowers. You know he is doing us terrible harm Senator!
The WH is too loose with intruders of the press. Employees in certain critical areas of WH should be watched.
tired and old sh Iuld go rest in some place far away from Washington #VoteHimOut
I love that Sen. Graham doesn't like leaks now that they're directed at his President.
Would you kindly get off your high horse and do the job you were elected to do.  Bad enough you are a RINO!
this may be the first time I've ever said this but thank you Mr Graham. Not always a supporter of yours.
look inside your party closet man
