Then do your job Mr. Graham and stop protecting Drumpf.
GOP should be standing by Trump! Traitors! Obama used tax payers money to interfere in Israel's election. Hillary gave Putin 20% in uranium
Each entity still has their own responsibilities! #DontDropTheBall or make excuses the American public isn't stupid. 
Lindsey was all over the criminal part and letting the FBI run with it. Probably won't be anybody left for Congress to investigate.
Good. Right now not much faith in Congress or Senate. More interested in your agendas than the country. So disillusioned this term
#FairyGraham is part of the problem and the swamp. He knows he is being drained. #TermLimits
swamp rats M.O. Stall @POTUS progress. If Trump is successful the presidency will be up 4 grabs every elections. Politicians need not apply
like they were going to do anything anyway!
Senator, I thought you would be the hero?? Get to bottom of the bottom of the Russia connection. A concerned Republican
Oh please @LindseyGrahamSC stop the blame game!
And Mitch McConnel knew Russia hacked and hid the files till election over.
No crap. GOP WANTED THIS SO BADLY.  HE HID FILES. HAPPY NOW.
You had your chance. GOP hindered ANY and ALL investigations.

Now, it is time for someone come in and get something accomplished.
Are you trying to weasel out of congressional oversight?
Yep he is.  Astute observation 
Congress hasn't done shit in 10 years, thanks to the GOP
Good!!!!!! Congress has done enough damage!
Sure, now that their way of life is coming to an end. The #DeepState is having problems accepting reality....to the point of desperation.
Wow. So the GOP cover up is extensive.  All the GOP interviewed are more worried about getting caught than doing the right thing for USA
@realDonaldTrump is pushing #GOP toward getting off their asses and doing something. Will take action when not acting could cost their jobs
Hmm that isn't what Rubio said today!
So you are off the hook.
GOP 'leaders' put limits on investigation 

with political deliberation & malice 

History:
The complacency of GOP darkened Americas future
Since so many GOP took Russian money & RNC hacked emails are blackmail/leverage that's a good thing considering of how little done to date!
I think that was the intention #GOPtraitors #partybeforecountry
Fn AMAZING
@LindseyGrahamSC 

@gop continues its 6yrs 2d NOTHING bt BLOCK America

GOP ONLY knows politics
Dont know how 2lead, how 2govern
as long as you can get that mike you don't care what you say- talk about no ethics!!
What a crock of B.S. - how would that limit congress?
Except the majority party is in love with @realDonaldTrump , drunk with power, and put party over country, so... Special Counsel it is!
Just do your job, senator.
I just think Graham wants this to happen. He wants to keep his head in the sand. Puts party over country! Shame on U Graham! 1 day....
Good! Congress will screw it up
All we can do is sit back collect our paychecks for letting someone else do the job we should be doing. It's great being in Congress.
which is actually a good thing, as the current GOP cannot effectively organize an egg on toast.
Investigate the GOP and FBI
Then you should of acted with more hast when you had the chance. Simple as that...
Why does it seem Dems  defend turf under pressure but GOP runs and hides? Very sad.
Cuts down the pool of those able to leak information to media.
This is false.
I don't bliev there is anything there as far as #Trump but I also Bliev that #Congress is joke spending tax$$
if the choice is between congress or mueller, I think mueller is better choice. I hope you continue though
No it hasn't.
That's bullshit and we know it. We still expect the Senate to continue their work on the investigation. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Graham is an OK congressman, but we know well that Republicans in Congress wouldn't do anything. #TrumpRussia #ResistTrump #ImpeachTrump
That's why we needed special counsel so Congress didn't have control or influence over this Flynn and Comey matters.
Except for the fact that it hasn't. At all.
Which was not very much to begin with. If he believes the investigation is criminal and appropriate then respect it. Justice will be served.
We acknowledge your cowardice. Step aside.
Congress has a history of doing very little anyway. So what's new?
Between Nunes working w/WH to discredit House invest. & Burr calling press 4 WH to discredit their investigation,  you limited yourselves
it's okay  you guys are not that capable anyway...so now just go and sit down and pretending you r doing something as you are used to...
To be fair Sen , you guys move at a snails pace. Maybe next time take a traitor as a president seriously. GOP is toast and I'm happy.
You wouldn't stand up when the country needed you, so your privilege to serve the American people here was removed due to incompetence.
Not like they were being real effective anyway.
And they (the old Republicans) are happy
Boy they are after Ztrump, but not Hillary, why is that???
That's not how special counsels work.
Stupid, Congress can do anything they want but choose not to do
False, you can still do your job.
@LindseyGrahamSC you all don't do anything, all u do is babble, u all work 3 days a week and all u do is argue all freakin day
Great just what Americans want hear Now Null n Void every last piece of legislation signed by Trump DON'T FORGET Complicity Billionaires too
Congress wasn't going to do shit.  Sorry.
Quit enabling FRANKENTRUMP!
Lindsey knows better than that. He is continuing to disappoint so many who once held his ethics in high regard.
Doesn't matter ,for a long time, Congress has been limited by what it WILL do, not what it CAN do.
Good no more obstruction.

...but it doesn't. They're completely separate. This is pure partisan politics.
Grammy out!!!!
Congress wasn't doing a damn thing anyway. They were looking for excuses not to do anything. @SpeakerRyan
Thank you
That's the point! The GOP has done NOTHING to ensure that this administration is held accountable.
Part of that is because of the #TrumpsterTwins
I want to respect you, I really do...but you consistently put party over country...like the rest. Very, very, very sad. And you know it.
Hopefully has "limited what Congress can do" to f#*@ it all up!
Half of nothing is still nothing.
Lindsey, you need to go away. The old days are gone. You are a turd that needs flushed.
We're playing our violins for ya @LindseyGrahamSC. But national security is just a bit more important than your hurt feelings
That's BS though
You weren't really doing much so, yay!
So then WHO ?
