Raucous crowd turns on Sen. Lindsey Graham in town hall Saturday at Clemson http://bit.ly/2lJniJs  #scpol #scnews #chsnews 
they have no respect for you
You did a good job Senator and modeled an approach that your colleagues should follow. Don't agree on much, but respect you
@RepSteveStivers A real representative of the people meets with his constituents rather than calling them bullies.
At least you didn't wimp out, unlike my Congressman, @TGowdySC
@postandcourier a coward red white and through.
hay Mr democrat want to be just do it man
no fan of Trump but we need more leaders like you regardless of party who has the courage at least to attend town halls!
As a non-Republican, I love you, your honesty, and your unflinching commitment to stand up for truth.
why talk about things when there is no action warm a seat I guess
You are letting people down.  Do not cave/Reach across the aisle/Lead.Time for all of the Senate & Congress to rise above.
You voted for Evan McMullen because McCain and Romney told you to...disgusting! I wouldn't brag about it to anyone TRAITOR!
I don’t support your conservative policy positions but I applaud your integrity and statesmanship. We need more like you.
an important message of support  we won't all agree on policy but this is how we disagree, with respect.
.@LindseyGrahamSC FOLLOW-THRU on pledge to investigate #Russia and appoint #IndependentCommission   Show leadership & courage!
Glad you showed up. Clearly @TGowdySC could learn a lot from you.
WHY didn't u call out these Fascist thugs? These were horrible ALT LEFT jerks - should have been kicked out on their azzes.
Good for them. Shame on you for investingating that lunatic's accusations against Obama. DO YOUR JOB!!
@realDonaldTrump you will own this new health plan. Good luck. Your  employers (voters) got screwed. Thx - your fired!
I don't always agree with you, but thank you for listening to constituents
don't agree with all you said but glad you listened to constituents. Urge Paul Cook to follow your example please.
I gained lots respect 4 u over last several months w/o compromising ur beliefs.Showing how democracy SHOULD work.I'm a dem
We do not have a democracy we are a republic.
yes...yes you're right. My oops
We might not see eye to eye on everything, but thank you for upholding REAL Republican values.
THIS IS PART OF THE JOB - THOSE THAT SKIP ARE EASIER TO SPOT IN THE SWAMP - THANK YOU FOR DOING IT
Appreciate you attending, thank you.
Thank you for listening and for your leadership. Keep America safe.
I'm still hopeful we can soften some of your conservative views. I applaud your guts to stand before them.
Stand up for Trumps connections w Russia & foreign financial connections & u'll tie ur political future 2 him next election
at least you show up which is more than I can say for my Rep @cathymcmorris
.@LindseyGrahamSC Good job to show up. That's courage and character. We disagree, mostly, but you are a patriot.
Grow a backbone & stand up for this country.  That includes supporting POTUS and his agenda.
STOP dissing our Pres. dems stick together. GOP eat their own!!!!
As an independent voter I appreciate that you have the backbone to hold your town halls in these crazy times,USA 1st
They booed you. Clemson. People who put white out on monitors booed you. For your support of Trump. Get a clue.
@postandcourier I give you major credit for holding a town hall.
Always tough when they know you're just another politician with variable loyalties.
We don't want you to stop being a conservative, just to stop being a blind fool
@postandcourier there t a lot of Republican voters on ACA. It's not all Dem and no R ! If you take people off hospitals pay
Thank you for holding a town hall!
Admire you for showing up. Loved CNN w McCain as well. And I am Dem.
I rarely agree w/ you on  policy, but admire your integrity. I wish you had won Rep primary. Don't cave to party line.
I, too, don't agree with your conservative slant. I value the truth you have the courage to speak and facing the people.
Senator Graham handled the crowd professionally and with a sense of humor.
Maybe if you grew more of a backbone and continued to stand against the bat-shit crazy it wouldn't be as tough!
Hey Senator cant wait for Great Huge Republican TRUMPCARE. Vouchers for everyone
but you showed up, I respect that. You're the Republican I would most like to have a beer with. Kudos.
I am not a resident of your state, but as an American, I appreciate you doing town halls.
@postandcourier I don't agree with everything @LindseyGrahamSC says, but at least he has the guts to face his constituents!
Unless and until you end your deal w the devil - you've no credibility
you're the best!!! I'm not a republican but you would almost make me reconsider.
Thanks for having the spine to a) meet with constituents and b) not calling them paid protesters. GOP could learn from you.
Good for you to hold the meeting knowing it might be a challenge.
I am a vet and people who place country over party always get my respect.
Good job senator ! always good to show up and listen to the people of your community !
Thank you for hosting.  @SenatorCollins couldn't be bothered to listen to her constituents.  Respect that you did!
it is refreshing to see your transparency, honesty, intelligence and demeanor.  The country needs leaders with these traits
Please, however, reconsider gutting the already lean public school system in SC with vouchers.
I am not a constituent but TY for meeting with your voters. It is your duty. (Independent investigation into Trump!)
I don't agree with you on many things, but I learned things from you & respect your demeanor& leadership in the meeting.
we don't share the same politics, but we both share the same love of country. Thank you.
Sen Graham, please come to the other side...
perhaps others should follow your lead and listen to the people that put you in DC.
Respect from a Democrat on this response, sir. Respect. Hope members in your party are taking a lesson.
Thanks for meeting w/ your constituents. We can't solve problems if we can't have difficult conversations about issues.
@NavKaz Props for showing up. Please tell @SenatorIsakson & @sendavidperdue there's nothing to be afraid of...
we like you but your speech doesnt reflect your vote. There's some issue that U disagree with Trump but yet u vote his idea
thanks for having one at least. If you could ask Cornyn and Cruz to do one in North Texas, I'd be much obliged.
have one in Charleston please!
I'm old enough to remember @LindseyGrahamSC going on @TheDailyShow, apoplectic about the prospect of a Trump presidency. Bon temps
YOU HANDLED THAT  CROWD PERFECTLY
You deserve credit for facing your constituents. Shame on those too cowardly to do so. Hopefully you lead by example.
,@LindseyGrahamSC 25th amendment time bro
All about Russia Lindsay!  You letting Putin win?  Special prosecutor now before more damage around the world!
thank you for being a republican I can respect. I'd gladly let you whoop my ass at pool anytime.
I might not agree with you on policy, but I respect your integrity. Please call for some transparency in the current WH!
@SenCoryGardner could learn a lot from you!
They're tough on you because you're weak on Trump tyranny. Still, appreciate that you showed up, so many in GOP don't.
At least you are statesman enough to hold a live town hall. My rep @boblatta won't have one. Phone ones only.
much respect for by our sir for your stance. Please please follow though with sound reasoned actions. Facts matter.
It's only a tough crowd b-c Republicans r untruthful and we have an incompetent and lying President. Get to work in truth.
Was proud to support you as always, though at times feared for your life. #betterdaysahead
thank you for not being afraid to face your constituents
Senator Graham. We need statesmen, please do what is right for the country and the long term viability of our republic
at least you showed up and faced the crowd.
@postandcourier it's Clemson manners.....
LG, this was a great opportunity to listen and stop saying what you want to do and hear what the people want you to do.
Sometimes the crowds are tough. Thank you for not delegitimizing anyone and providing a better example for rest of #GOP.
you are a class act Mr. Senator!
I don't agree with any of your policies but at least you showed up tell the rest of the GOP cowards to show uo
at least you showed up! Kudos for that!
Even many of your voters are shocked by the actions of Trump administration. So few leaders, sir. You must be one.
Go ahead and switch parties Lindsey. Get it over with.
@postandcourier appreciate you coming out. Cancer survivors like me rely on the ACA:
I'm not sure I'd agree with you on much, but I appreciate your honesty and willingness to push against your own party.
PLEASE! FINALLY DO SOMETHING ABOUT @POTUS   Investigate, sanction, impeach.  Please do something. This is madness
@postandcourier I'm not a constituent, but appreciate you holding a Town Hall. Thank you.
We need to know Trumps tax returns to resolve national security issues! who he owes how much
@sherrythrasher Thank you for having one.
I appreciate the fact you took your lumps. Thank you for doing your job the right way
I disagree with you sometimes,but I appreciate your town hall meeting. I believe you are sincere & want to serve the USA.
1) where are rights for taxpayers with legit questions that cannot be asked and answered due to this obstructionist crap
2) where are the rights for politicians trying to address supporters and those against. This is not first amendment, this
3) is a temper tantrum that won't end and we, the people, demand respect. Respect for all, those that want to hear and
4) those that have a right to question. Thus crapola needs to end and will only get worse as its now been allowed  ENOUGH!!
I disagree with your politics, but kudos to you for addressing the people you represent. You obviously understand the job.
You were impressive. I disagree with your views, but admire your principled ability to defend--and stand up for--them.
I'm a hard core liberal, but the more you act with backbone, as you have of late, you earn back my respect
Thank you for not hiding like the rest of your GOP members. Great Job!!!
as a fellow veteran,I implore you to protect the constitution from all enemies foreign and domestic. Trump is both.
Thank you for meeting with constituents. I respect @Evan_McMullin too. Independent commission on Russia top priority please
You acted with honor and resolve in that rough crowd. Now do the same when calling for a special prosecutor.
translation: they called out my lies but i stuck to the script. #FakeLeadership #GoldenShowerSolutions #TheNewTrickleDown
You know why they're giving you a hard time. Country before party, Senator Graham.
disagree with some views but appreciate that u show up to talk to the voters
let's be clear... YOU work for the ppl of SC. Listen to them. SC is YOUR boss! #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia
People need to realize that being rude is no way to get a message heard.
when are you going to subpoena trumps tax returns? Wheres the line where enough is enough?
YOU NEED TO GET ON BOARD!
thanks 4 conducting townhall meeting and doing your job by listening to constituents even if u disagree. @marcorubio LEARN.
please teach @RepJasonLewis that this is what he signed up for by running for the House.
Thank you for talking to your constituents. I hope you heard their concerns about the extreme agenda of Trump/GOP.
I guess freedom the Constitution and the Rule of Law are extreme now.
are you the TBD @snl referred to in their skit last weekend?  Sir, I sure hope so...
Thanks for not skipping out like so many Rs...
We do not see eye to eye but I respect that you came out and spoke to your constituents with opposing beliefs.

Thank you!
Is today the day you call for an independent commission or will you aid the cover-up?
thanks for being honest, Now go build The Gallows where we can hang Flynn Trump and the rest of the Russians for treason
Again, a man of Honor! I wish my Senators had your courage!!
You were brave...Pls tell PA lawmakers to get out of hiding.
