But, Obama only had a year left in office! Looks like 45 may have even less, God willing!
Unless , of course, you happen to be a black president.
And yet, President Obama was not afforded this same option. And he was never under FBI in investigation!
Then Obama nominee Garland must be put forward first. Obama was legitimate president when nominated.
Yes Senator & WE deserve right to have POTUS that isn't just ignorant & out to enhance himself & family
You embody the hypocrisy of the entire @GOP with that statement. #MerrickGarland
Obama had the right to pick Merrick Garland-was'nt given a vote.
What a joke. @POTUS44 deserved the same.
And, he has the OBLIGATION to choose qualified people!
But, LG, you DENIED that right to President Obama. How can u possibly reconcile those two events?U can't!
Then what happened to Obama's right when he chose Merrick Garland?You guys didn't even schedule a hearing.
I guess that same right didn't apply to Obama, when Republicans refused to even allow a vote on Garland.
So did Obama. GOP ruined that process. Any support you provide is against the will of the majority of the people of the USA. But pro Russia.
Absolutely. How does it feel to have majority of Americans disagree with you Senator?
Yea, I can imagine the howls of outrage if Hillary were under @FBI investigation for collusion with Russia
the right of every president except Obama, you mean? You, sir, are a hypocrite.
First he has to be a qualified President.
Nope. FBI investigation into Russian ties should put hold on entire nomination procedures.
why if nothing is there good if not we have a problem
it takes 60 votes in the Senate for   Supreme Court-Rep. only have 52-they need 8 Dems.
U mean like Obama did U didn't even give  Merrick Garland a hearing Hope Dems filibuster=Payback #resist
Who? Oh you mean guys like Carter Page, Paul Manafort, Ret. Gen Flynn, Betsy Devos, Price, or Bannon?
Then so did President Obama. You are all hypocrites. Your “logic” is ridiculous.
Like Obama did in 2016, right?
except Obama. Nope, sorry Obama.
Wait. What? Double standard. #practicewhatyoupreach
Your words will come back to haunt you, @LindseyGrahamSC
Every pres except Obama, you mean. Liar. Hypocrite. But you know that.
Do unto others... Remember Merrick Garland?
.@MaryCaitlinByrd @LindseyGrahamSC Senator Graham is being fair #SupremeCourtNomineeConfirmation
There's NO justification for leaving Scalia's seat empty for what'll amount to nearly 14 months.
Shameful!
Hypocrite
Garland
wait, really? Even if he only has a year left in office? Because that may be the case here.
GOP will be remembered for their disgraceful conduct against Obama and electing an unhinged racist
It must be so hard to say things like this with a straight face after #Garland fiasco....
but rather by how he treat those he doesn't know!
from him. How he treat those who disagree with him. A man is tested not by how he treat those he knows
poor asshole needs his pathetic tv time
and dems deserve the right to obstruct.
You need to look beyond his friends & family! How is he treating strangers & people who r completely diff
Senator Graham, most ppl treats their family well. If ur judging him by how he treats his fam -- WRONG!
*most ppl treat
MERRICK GARLAND
It'd be nice if he bothered to use that "right."
I am an Independent Northeasterner who despises @realDonaldTrump if all US Senators were like @LindseyGrahamSC we wd be in a better place.
like on this day??
The front page #OTD in 2016. President Obama nominates Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. #nytimes 
As did President Obama - oh wait...  But since @POTUS has filed for 2020 cannot vote on @SCOTUS per you
Ummmm. Short memory? #whataboutgarland?
A President under the cloud of a counterintelligence investigation shouldn't make lifetime appointments.
Pls don't trust him. Like Trump, he'll say ANYTHING to get what he wants. 
On my knees begging, on behalf of America. 
question is he a legitimate president?
without even a hint of irony?
That's why he went on such a lengthy speech justifying overlooking Garland starting off.
While under investigation 4 colluding W/Russia 2 win election that gave him the right. Shld b paused 4 now
