Parking is free at the Brooks Center. The primary parking area for the Brooks Center is located adjacent to the building.
the fske protestersvwill be sure to destroy the building
Really? All the "protesting" I'm seeing is clearly not fake but real concerns from SC constituents. #whiner
Seating is on a first-come first-served basis. 

Doors open at 9:45 a.m.
I wouldn't come see your ass if you paid me,that goes for your buddy McCain
Signs will not be allowed in the Brooks Center since they can obstruct the view of other audience members.
And the majority will criticize you
There will be a limited number of reserved seats available for credentialed media.
don't particularly like your politics but bravo sir for having a spine.
please start an investigation into the Russian ties to the president.
And Obama. Remember when Obama promised the Russian President more flexibility after the 2012 elections.
@IndivisibleSC_2  Will there be any live feed?
Let me check around and see if I can find out.
Thanks!
Word is that Graham's team will be Live Streaming. I'll post any streams I find tomorrow here on Twitter.
thank you
Graham's event will be live streamed here:
Good for you!!  Please talk to little Marco
I may not agree with you on some issues but believe you would not only listen but actually hear what I would have to say
I am a Democratic
I am a Democrat but applaud you for mtg with voters.All citizens basically want the same thing, to live the Amer dream.🖒🖒
Great townhall meeting.
Hey @SenToomey, @LindseyGrahamSC has figured out how to hold a townhall. Maybe he'll clue you in? @TuesdaysToomey
thank you for having the courage that @sendavidperdue does not. In very many ways.
I live in Greenville &was unable 2 come bc I am disabled! PLEASE DON'T REPEAL OBAMACARE! FIX IT INSTEAD! Do I have a voice?
I don't need to hear you dissing our president!  Why do repubs eat their own and dimwits stick together?
Republican voters need to show up and question your motives in not supporting our @POTUS
The problem there nothing body cares No new ideas no plans get in TV and try it be funny what % did u get for Pres 0% got
so are we!
At least you have the guts to have one, I guess.
Good questions, humor, bromance. This Town Hall had it all.
good luck
We would disagree on so many issues but I respect you immensely. Thank you for your service to our country.
Thank you for showing many of the @GOP what it means to show up and be accountable to yr constituents.
I am not Republican but I can appreciate and respect you wanting to hear from your people...we will vote cowards out
Still trying to propagate Economic Globalism instead of serving the people, I see.
Don't let left loonies bully you!  Stand strong!
knock 'em dead!
please listen. The ACA isn't perfect but much of it must remain. Lives are at stake. Also, please protect the environment.
better wear your armor! The fske protesters will be thete.
thanks for listening to your constituents. Please ask @DanaRohrabacher to do the same.
I'll be at a March4Trump. You'll have settle for applause from all your Democratic supporters.
I wis I lived closer. Please address the lies, hypocrisy, and Russia in the White House
Can't wait to witness Graham's Patriotic solidarity to President Trump!! A real RINO
it's time for u and yr buds to defend Sessions. Russian ambassador went to Obama White House 44 times.
make sure you tell us what you'll be requiring of Sessions
I apologize ahead of time for any shenanigans people try. Please keep the protesting outside.
Glad you have the cajones! Scott Desjarlais is my rep. He won't do a live town hall!
I may not agree with u sometimes but appreciate your willingness to listen to voters and not blindly follow the party.
I hope you YouTube it. And just because Sessions is your buddy doesn't mean you'll get a pass for defending him.
Sry no.
Senator, do you know if it will be televised, perhaps CSPAN or?
Thank you for taking responsibility & meeting w/your constituents, Senator. It certainly helps to know you are listening.
. Statement on your meeting with Comey?
Hope all attending show you the respect that you deserve.OH would benefit from more conservative representation.
Any students attending please inform this shill of a man we want a progressive representative and not some far right puppet! #outwithGraham
Man I'm looking forward to y'alls asses getting to work Presidents working
I'm not your constituent but thank you for showing your colleagues how to properly represent the American people.
From a Pennsylvania voter, thank you for being better than @SenToomey . Good on you!
good for you! All your colleagues should follow your example!
...I appreciate your courage...
Good for you.
Thank you, Sen Graham.
well done sir
it's not a town hall if it's not open to the public
brave man...good job...see I can be bipartisan
I'm not your constituent, but I am grateful for your willingness to face tough questions and stand for country.
me, too. I TOLD my repub friends to vote for him. No one listened!!
As you should! You have shown leadership and courage. Please continue to question and keep country over party.
thanks for doing this!
Moderate Republican here. Thank you for realizing we're protesting, too. All over America, we appreciate your level head.
We are too! Driving up from Columbia SC!
Shame I can't attend, looking forward to hearing what you had to say.
Special Prosecutor please. Thank You!
I second this Sir! Special Prosecutor please. Thank you!
