Lindsey Graham: Susan Rice has history of 'political manipulation' of national security information http://bit.ly/2o5JxOz  
President Obama isn't under two FBI investigations. President Trump is
Check your sources Senator, beware of #alternativefacts
Didn't take you long to fall inline
The prime word is "IF." We KNOW Russia & the Trump team were n communication with each other. Lets keep r eye on those who colluded w/Russia
How many more Russian stooges are in the R House, R Senate and company billionaire CEOs?
Just get it over with and say she's a damn liar and everyone knows it
It is more important for Americans to know about Trump's connections to Russia, collusion and his TAX RETURNS!  If a man cheats on his wife
and his neighbor tells her......do you blame the neighbor?????
Or was she doing her job and they had to be unmasked because they were discussing commiting crimes!
People are saying that @LindseyGrahamSC is suffering from Stockholm Syndrome.
Please Lindsey you are a good guy don't put yourself in the position of defending Trump
NO ONE GIVES A SHIT ABOUT SUSAN RICE! FIGURE OUT RUSSIA!!
Obvious distraction just like Trumps squealing
America should know if a GOP candidate for pres was a Russian plant. Obvs u r not interested in the truth, just political purposes. #russia
again..with the improper grammar
Stop
Anything that comes out then Donald Trump has to say he created his self
Remember you are working on RUSSIA and TRUMP connections.  One drama at a time Lindsey.  YOu seem to love being on TV, as much as Trump.
Stop sucking trump i though you were cool
Not sure why her motivations are more important than what was uncovered.
What we need to know is the extent of Trump and surrogates involvement with the Russian attack on our election.
For the love of all that is holy,Lindsey, just stop. You are part of the deflection now.
You are losing me. Just more tit for tat? If so, then Garland v Goresuch is same? Find what's fair. That's what I want
NSA's job is to be looking into stuff like this! Back to the real issue, RUSSIA in the White House. Who's guilty on trumps transition team?
Please focus on the dangers the Russians are posing. Eyes on the danger!  If there's a leak, let's look at that afterwards.
Chicken little Lindsey is madder than a wet hen.  Isn't this act getting old?  We've been watching reruns since the Clinton impeachment.
Please continue supporting the POTUS.
We are not the stupid masses that you think we are - don't treat us as such.
Every time you open your mouth in critique of Obama, I turn on the news and watch the destruction of our democracy by Trump for perspective
Flynn was in the NSC! Now he's asking for immunity! What is happening with RUSSIA in the White House? True patriots want to know!
Sorry to see that @LindseyGrahamSC has entered the @realDonaldTrump alt reality and distraction tactics.  SAD That you sold your soul
Look at how stupid all these people look from yesterday now that it's come out that it was purely political. Go getter Lindsey
Let's say you are correct, and since all government action is political, your tweet is really irrelevant. What has Putin got on you?
@FoxNews  if a crime has been committed, charge the perpetrator.
Hiding behind "unmasking"?   Stop the deflection!
You tried to blame her for nothing for years and how did it work out for you and all the old white dinosaurs? We did get Trump on your lies
Nope. UR not going to divert attention here. Whether for political gain or not...I think we should all agree Trump/Russia is actual treason
Really??? Investigating a candidate for president of the USA collusion with a hostile nation are "political purposes?! So disappointing!
So sad watching you disintegrate into Trump's Play-Doh.
I hold you and @SenJohnMcCain of the highest regard among Republicans even though we don't agree on much.  Please don't let us down.
Respectfully sir, America should know if their president or his aides colluded with the Russians.
Answer is no. It's important to know names of Americans who are part of a treasonous plot.
Ahhhh...there is the partisan hack we all know. I was worried, Lindsey was acting like a patriot for a bit on Russia, but now he's back
Has nothing to do w/ price of tea in China. What does: Trump has white supremacist as top adviser, he loves Putin, we haven't seen his taxes
I respected you once. You should be thanking her for exposing Russian takeover of democracy. Shame on you, Londsay Graham! Shame!
Yes, we need an Independent investigation into All the Russian connections.
Last week u made since this week back to crazy
Yes and they should know Flynn's involvement, and Kushner's, and what Trump knew and when he know it. Let's hear it all!
#RedHerring
should people expect privacy when they are talking with hostile governments in order to manipulate an election?
Americans should know if Trump transition figures are beholden to/conspiring with Russia.
Ya and Americans have the right to see the Donald's taxes too!! Stay focused and do not allow yourself to be distracted and deceived.
We will remember this & by that time we will have pushed for you to lose lifetime benefit, if not recommend you for an orange suit w Ryan
What's sad is all of you covering up for a traitor at least, an agent for Russia coup at worst. Lie with dogs, get fleas. Scratching yet?
Wake up! If a cop is watching a dealer & a kid is raped, he ignores the rape because it's incidental? Don't okay with spies & wont be caught
Americans should know if the president of the United States is in collusion with the Russians dammit. Cut the crap
Trump is the first president ever under investigation. His while Cabinet too. Are you also involved or getting something from them???
Get as far away from anything Trump. Why anyone would associate with a president who is under investigation is bad move
She didn't & I 'm MORE concerned w/ Trump's ties to Russia & his tax returns. Aren't you? Stop partisanship & get your priorities straight.
This is like cheating on your wife and getting mad that she caught you by looking through your emails.
smoke and mirrors ---- get to the bottom of Russian involvement in the election !
Americans should know what's in trumps tax returns before we enact tax reform.
You need to quit this diversion and focus on investigating #Trumprussia. It's what your constituents want.
World is waiting for results on #RussiaGate. Open war! democracy at stake. Stop distracting w silly stories. Take hard stand against #Putin
@FoxNews
You've lost me on this one senator -it's perfectly legal for her to have unmasked, and it doesn't mean she leaked!
@LindseyGrahamSC You can do better & know better!  Deflecting for Trump?  Where is the real Lindsey Graham?  The honest one we respected?
I'm WAY more interested in Trumps ties to Russia. Quit trying to move the show.
@GOP @WhiteHouse what you need to do is find out if there is a connection to the Russian and who is being a traitor to our nation
Yes...we should. Do why doesn't the @POTUS release the info he has and let us ALL get 2 the bottom of these allegations?
#TrumpRussia
You too have joined the lets blame & distract instead of investigate & govern GOPs?  I'm disappointed, I believed you were better than that.
You can keep trying to deflect attention, but the real issue of this administration colluding with russia Is going to come out. Gop in jail
Focus on President Trump's connections with Russia before and after the election.
She could rewuest but unmasking is done by the agency filing the report. Stop the BS  and focus on Russia and the monster assad .
Or how about Page passing info?  You all are on your high horse calling snowden a traitor but look the other way now when ur own party
Anerica should know about a lot of things, but let's stay with the Trump-Russia-GOP connection for now.
Oh Lindsay, you are such a disappointment
Side show by the GOP, to deflect from Russia.
You know better than this.
Are you serious, Susan Rice again. Get a life Senator. Instead of going Benghazi, get to the bottom of Trump/Russia. You're going for smoke.
Right after they know what the current administration has done.  You know, the people in power
Didn't you block a perfectly good Supreme Court nominee and kiss the ass of the Russians for the same reason?
This is a witch hunt. I want government officials to 'unmask' wrongdoing.
@FoxNews Americans should know if Trump is beholden to Russia. Show is his taxes! #trumprussia
Please, you know that this didn't happen. This is a distraction. Never been more worried about my country as Trump runs a reality t.v. show.
Time for some Accountability #SusanRice Liars! #ObamaWasAFailure
You're the only manipulator. Call 1-900-blame a black person.
You're better than this Senator. Do better.
Nice deflection
If you really want to get the facts on Russia stop muddying the waters with this nonsense. We expect more from you Senator.
History is watching & u will be remembered as an enabler of an egomaniac & a supporter of a cruel agenda  Some Christian.
Now is not the time for you to lose your moral compass.
Unmasking? What does that even mean? I want to know who is meeting w Russians to put djt in power
Poor lindsey hasnt figured out why he got less than 1%,obvious this was for political purposes. They don't sell girls scout cookies either
Stupid! I want the investigation of our current administration!!!! Who cares abt Susan rice?
Old news. No evidence. We don't care. How about something current (& w/actual evience)?! #Trumprussia #emoluments (the list goes on...)
The minute you said Benghazi - you lost normal people. Really Senator - you were gaining ground as a Statesman up til now.
Stop drinking the borscht @LindseyGrahamSC, I was starting to think you had America's back.  Nope.
It was her job!  Someone has to keep an eye on Russia .  Be an American before a Republican.
LG, where is your passion in finding out the truth about the shit with Trump & Russia?
Come on lindsey. Stick with trump and collusion with Russia. Eyes on the ball!
@LindseyGrahamSC should be investigated by Congress for peddling this  lie and for protecting a corrupt president and administration.
Yes, and we need to know this adminstrations ties to Russia. Rice is innocent-How confident are you on Trump?
Russia problem is more problem than anything else
- ask Rice & Rhodes who what why when what how from July thru Jan ! Trump wasn't to win why unmasking !
Americans deserve a bipartisan investigation into @POTUS and the Russian influence his campaign sought.
Lindsey we dont need your BS today. What we need is investigation into Russian election interferences. Do your job man or resign!
- why did she do it for 18 months that's not her job - Agencies sent up intel briefing to potus / Trump list of people ?
Im a Dem & I love you Lindsey. Pls don't go down the rabbit hole on this. You know it's a diversion from #TrumpRussiaGate Be the adult!
Actually, Americans should know a Natl Security Adviser was doing her job when asking 'who was saying that to the Russian Ambo?'
One of the Ten Commandments.“Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.”
When involved in her normal job duties.  Please keep eye on the real issue - Trump team, Russian hacking!
Is this the most important thing you have to worry about right now?  No, it's not.
Is investigating a potential crime a political act?
Sad that now you Senator is chasing the fake news
You're being played for a fool by Trump ... Rand Paul and Devin Nunes. Concentrate on being a Patriot and get to Russia!
Watch John McLaughlin on Lawrence O'Donnell ... In a few words "Susan Rice was just doing her job; 1 President at a time" You know John?
...but no need to look into all the alleged corruption by the current administration because that would be wrong.

Follow this thread for details on Rice unmasking - BLUF = she was the NSA, its her job https://twitter.com/ryanlizza/status/849304099547959297 …
Stalling so #Gorsch can be confirmed? You are WELL aware of #Trumprussia. That this is a distraction. Shame. 
#truthmatters.
Maybe so but pls tell me she will not be replacing Flynn,Stone,Page,Manafort etc for testifying as well. I trust you to do the right thing
What the hell is wrong with you?
America should know what Trump understands about foreign relations. Tell him to keep his ignorant mouth shut.
I think its more important now 2 know if Trump & his admin are in collusion w/ Russia. Seriously, you Repubs need 2 get priorities straight.
How about if DJT colluded with Russia. Keep you eye on the ball. Don't push you head up Trump's ass and get stuck
You voted to confirm Tillerson. What happened today in Syria & his response is a direct reflection on your ability to make sound decisions
.@LindseyGrahamSC Sir, this was a legal unmasking. We all know it. Follow the Trump trail to Russia. Americans don't support this diversion!
The matter at hand is the Russians interfered in our election. And trump and co. seem to be involved. Pay attention. Geez.
Please stop these ridiculous statements. Do your job and that means what is best for your constituents, not big business. #resist
Yes
We know you are trying to change the story. Let's get back to #TrumpRussia
You know why she wanted to know who contacted the Russians 34 times . You should lead the way not sink in their muck #partyovercountry
She was doing her job and you know it. Now do yours and do the right thing for the American people. Independent investigation #Trumprussia
Yes. Let's make it easy for him to deflect attention to this non story. Hold 45* accountable. Represent your people. #DoYourJob
@FoxNews she was doing her job. You should do that as well by impeaching Trump.
Lindsey Graham, Bravos to you Sir. You were outstanding in your support of Gorsuch. You spoke from yo
from your heart.  Also honorable mention of President Trump
Come on Mr Graham, you are smarter than this. Stop falling in the trump traps. Putin/Trump/Russia...keep focused.
2/ It's not like there was no basis for suspicion of #TrumpRussia ties.
Just when I think I might respect you enough to vote for @LindseyGrahamSC  he says crap like this
Nixon didn't like "leakers" either. Truth always bites. YOU should represent the CONSTITUTION NOT party politics. #russiagop #wearewatching
She didn't and you know it.  Every time I think you've grown a set you do something like this.  #kremlingate #countrybeforeparty
1/ How about if she was unmasking them for, y'know, NATIONAL SECURITY purposes.
Unmask is legal. Leaking is not. She did not leak names. If she did for political purposes why weren't the names made public? Doesn't add up
Shouldn't the husband of DeVos be investigated?
Sen Graham, you're better than this.
Americans should know the depths of tRUMPs involvement in Russia for political purposes.
oh please! This is just a distraction. If you had intel on conversations between spies and "US citizen" you would want names too.
Oh Lindsey. Lindsey. Lindsey I had such high hopes for you.  But sadly I believe you drank their cool aid.
What political purpose would that be? The Liar in Chief is with us for what is going to seem like an eternity..and Russia helped us lucky us
Question: What did Trump give/promise you to get you to change your narrative?
STOP TRUMP AND QUIT THE DISTRACTIONS!!!!
that's a red herring and you know it!
Hear-say
You're supposed to be better / smarter than this.
Are you really going to attack another woman in power?  You know there has been an investigation since June.  She was National Security Adv!
STOP with the partisan politics! This is the time when we need American leadership not Rs and Ds! Focus. ALL law breakers should face music
Senator it is perfectly reasonable to ask who these Russians were speaking with. You're falling into the role of a Trump shill
Americans should know if their current President colluded with Russia.  Can we not chase the Trump Admin deflections and just stay focused?
Looks like their distraction is finally working on you @LindseyGrahamSC wondered how long it would take for you to fold...disappointing 
More importantly, WE need to know about tRump collusion w Russia, what they have on him, how much he made on Rosneft & other emoluments.
"I am not a crook." That's what she said.
If he was going to do something for political reasons, he would've let Comey release the info he had. He didn't, but, he should've
#SusanRice the Political Manipulator! Remember #Benghazi .... But it was a Video!
Oh FFS decide which side you're on: Truth or Fiction.
You should be concerned about trumps response on Syria AND upcoming big meeting with Xi.  Pay attention to that!
Just as America deserves to know who our president is beholden to?  Did I miss your call for him to release his taxes?
And America would like to know exactly what Trump and his stable of criminals did with Russia!!
Political purposes? Dude. Stop it. Unmasking corruption and, maybe even, treason is not a "political purpose."
Senator, I strongly suggest you read the tweeted responses. The American people disagree strongly with you. Stop this nonsense! #TrumpRussia
Sen. Graham albeit "if" is the operative in your tweet, add "if" doing her job it was required to ID people she was doing her job, legally.
Distract, distract, distract.  Diversion after diversion — DO YOUR JOB. Investigate Russia.
Sure thing, Blanche! Pull yourself off the fainting couch to go following that Trump squirrel like a good little Trump lackey!
This is a dead end distraction. Why are you talking about this and not Syria?
Are u now working for Russia too? Spreading fake news instead of focusing on the biggest scandal in modern history. Shameful.
Why do you think these comments are not in agreement with your statement? Come on! You don't even believe that. #ImpeachTrump
Not just if, but why as well.
Also know why @POTUS's teams didn't reveal this or fire Flynn earlier, Flynn's foreign relations were public.
what political purposes....we are finding this out after the election
