Saddened by your vote for Montenegro. GOP won influence in '16 on premise they'd reevaluate foreign relationships entirely. Not add to them.
Wrong. An eye for an eye, Gorsuch for Garland.
And plus he is not for the people. He is not for us. He is for corporations. Why would you do that to us??
Your potus is deceitful and intent on bringing down American democracy. We won't forget! @MaxineWaters
SHAME ON YOU-What about MERRICK GARLAND?
wonder if it bothers him that he's stealing Garland's seat. Id hate 2 have that "legacy" hanging over my head
knocked us right into to the human rights of the 1950's sad @SuitUpILM @BrandNew535
Take. It's the government has absolutely no right to decide what a woman's choices are regarding her own body
Mr.Graham please make up ur mind what side u want to be on & stay there! U had our respect up until now
Bullshit. Why doesn't he put his money where his mouth is and try to heal the divide by selecting a moderate?
you are the most evil of all republicans so phony the way you flip flop not fooling anyone last term
I respect you but how are you ignoring what was done to Garland?
Bad pick, do not go nuclear, no re Gorsuch.
Your shameless hypocrisy is galling
Additionally, over 50% of their citizens oppose joining. Have you no respect for the democratic will of the people?
What about Susan Rice , Clapper et all. Still think Trump wasn't surveiled? Or are u and Sen McCain pretending you didn't hear about it?
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
Wrong! Bad choice, but not surprised you don't see it. #gorsuch
I'm sorry but now u are being a traitor Mr. Graham! U are too wishy washy! Not good! 
Two words: Merrick Garland
Potus compliments Assad who just gassed women and children and , Al- sisi who kills and imprisons his people Putin throws people out windows
You didn't vote 4 Merrick Garland? Why should only the GOP get 2 pick Justices? (That's your quote but changed a bit.) Keep the filibuster!
Gorsuch is a terrible choice. Has made terrible decisions that go against common sense and are Anti American. Garland is a better nominee.
@Thanks a lot. I thought you were one of the good guys.
Senator, it pains me to see you avoiding eye contact with the reporters and not looking in the cameras lately.
Reasons to block Gorsuch:
1. Merrick Garland
2. His record
3. Refusal to answer qs
4. Trump/Russia
5. 5-4 SCOTUS
Merrick Garland
Trump was too afraid to throw out the first pitch, yet you use a baseball metaphor? You are so, so sad!
No on #SCOTUS vote until #FBI #WhiteHouse probe is cleared.  Protect #USA from #Russian invasion.
Find it curious you think its app for Repub Pres to nom SC nominee, but not for dem Pres, blocking Garland.
#ConfirmGarland
I understood why you feel strongly  in voting for Trumps pick I respect that but why are you pushing it through with an open investigation
Ultra right winger who doesn't represent the values of we in the Pacific Northwest.
In all honesty - can't you just say the party did? Because we all know the party chose Gorsuch, not @realDonaldTrump
WRONG. Gorsuch agenda of bigotry & unrealistic originalist philosophies put our basic rights & protections at risk. #StopGorsuch
What's good for Garland is good for Gorsuch. FILIBUSTER. Unlike the current @GOP it's All-American. #RedHerring #EmolumentsClause #TREASON
And Obama knocked it out of the park when he nominated Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland was a much better choice for a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court Justice and he got horrible treatment, GorsuchGetsSamethin
Glad you're pleased. But those impassioned speeches on the heels of the Garland debacle just made you GOP'rs look absolutely ridiculous.
Sometimes I don't want to punch Lindsey in the mouth.
exactly.I used to be totally against him during the campaign. But he is starting to call balls and strikes more fairly to me.
Well said.  Don't cave in to the dems temper tantrum.
Know your team needs a win, but I will never forgive Rs not meeting & voting Judge Merrick Garland. And this man, from a fraudulent POTUS!
oh Lindsey. Please grow a pair for once. Please.
Obama knocked it out of the park as well with his pick too!
I find it ironic that Republicans want to change Senate rules to majority vote to confirm nominee of POTUS who lost popular vote!
PMSing again, huh?
Merrick Garland.
Where were you exactly when Merrick Garland was being unfairly blocked? What planet do you live on?
Going nuclear is going to cost you in the long run.   Future headline: Democrats fill supreme court using Graham's rule!
Obama was still President. M Garland deserved an up or down vote. STOP citing fake rules and Read the Constitution. GOP HYPOCRITES
Yes and @POTUS44 knocked it out of the park with Merrick Garland.
Nope sorry
Consider that Trump is likely a 1 term president before you change rules.
Dems gave no choice...Go Nuclear & Confirm Gorsuch!!
I don't think you get it Mr. Graham. Trump is a problem & will be a problem until he is out of our Whitehouse. Signed, used to be Republican
Obama hit a triple with Garland, Cmsr. McConnell cxld season, Trump became coach, pinch ran Garland, trying for sac fly. Sacrifice = Senate.
Invoking the Nuclear Option is going to come back to bite you in the backside...and we're just gonna laugh and laugh...
It also ensures that there will never again be a moderate SCOTUS pick.
Alas Trump was playing golf, and there his drive was out of bounds.
Merrick Garland was pretty damn good too.
But the GOP has ruined any chance of him ever being seen as legitimate with their refusal to vote on Merrick Garland.
I think the word you keep forgetting is "Garland". One could even say: "@POTUS knocked it out of the park with his selection of Garland"
We won't forget you crapped on our country by going nuclear to further advance the Trump agenda. Dangerous and disgusting move.
Dude we get it
Merrick Garland was a great choice but you and #GOPobstruction did not give him a chance. Disgraceful.

Everyone RT this 

@PressSec-How much did you get paid for your political work in Russia? 

…
Yeah, Lindsey, but it was a foul ball all the way,  MERRICK GARLAND!
Fellow SC native respectfully disagrees. Freeze or potentially kill others?
you mean Merrick Garland? You're right. Obama chose well. Too bad you never gave him a hearing.
