We don't care about Russia except make peace when we can.  We need friendimies.
. Just retire. Save yourself the embarrassment of losing the next election.
Thank you sir! Could you ask @DanaRohrabacher to do the same with his constituents?
1/4 @LindseyGrahamSC I agree that investigating Russian ties is nonpartisan. Yet Nunes, part of Trump transition team, says there's no need.
2/4 @LindseyGrahamSC Nunes calls it a witch hunt yet there's NSA/CIA intel, Manafort ties to Russian op, Flynn lies, repeat contact by aides
3/3 @LindseyGrahamSC You and @SenJohnMcCain are the only ones who've spoken out about Russia and want to investigate. I fear for our country
4/4 @LindseyGrahamSC I know your #CNNTownhall is tonite. Can Americans count on you to call for an independent investigation on Russia ties?
Just like we called for Obama investigation. It didn't happen!!
This Russia issue is being drug out by the media.Ryan says no evidence.Let it go and move on America.Thank you
When are you going to meet with us, your constituents?
We Deserve the truth!
move on.  need infrastructure improved, jobs, good schools, taxes lowered. ACA repealed/replaced Get real.
You are not the patriot that MCCAIN is!  He is a true patriot & wants independent investigation of Trump & Putin.
I didn't hear any questions being answered fully, sir.  We deserve answers beginning w/ WHY no independent investigation?
30 whole minutes-wow!!! CAReer politicians suck
can't wait for you to be replaced
ask Killary and Obama about Russia
That is who you should investigate. Where was enthusiam about investigating them? Sad.  Losing my families' vote.
yes please investigate Hillary on Russia and uranium one.  It won't take long to tie that one up.
Independent investigation on Russia-Trump connection. Your constituents, all Americans have a right to know
Boo.  Get on another soapbox.  McCain is not the Pres.
no,but he'd be so much better.Not bogged dwn by conflicts of interest,lining his own pockets with every move.
McCain is dead fish.  Old n tired. He needs to retire.  Term limits, please.  He has gotten rich as Sen.
30 minutes?  How much do you get paid?
We need you, Senator!
Thanks for showing up. Your #GOP could should follow your example.
even if I disagree with some of your answers,appreciate that u had courage to engage constituents #Fight4OurHealth
FUN? This is not a game,u are 1 of a very few who can make a difference!i turn the news off if my grandkids R near embarras
good for you sir I wish more conservatives were as fair as you we on the other side would sleep better
I love your ability to explain things, &a your sensibility. Wish you were Prez!
Russia? What are you going to do?
Investigate Russian ties or you're weak! All voters watching not just Dems
fun?? No destroying lives is NOT fun nor was it what we sent you there for
here's a thought let's try working together like adults!! UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL
so it's ok for u to get rich in politics but to much FUN listening to concerns?
Preach it!
It wasn't fun! My question wasn't read. You need a town hall meeting in Columbia SC.
Thnak you for listening to your constituents! A real GOP representative. *I also hope you heard their concerns abt ACA
Why don't you resign? People of SC will be happy to have someone like Tim Scott. You are an embarrassment.
Forget Russia Cut taxes Repeal Obamacare Secure the border. Russia issue is a head fake by leftist Dems.
POTUS won over a corrupt 30 year Clinton politician. Americans want jobs, security, cut foreign aid, focus on USA at last.
What were your answers? I would be interested to know.
no a constituent, just a citizen w concerns. KUDOS 2u for having a town hall. There r many very scared abt GOP ACA replace.
All I ever get from you are form letters that never address my questions.
Any facts or evidence or smoke regarding Trump colluding w Putin yet?  I'd take a cartoon drawing at this point.
Credit where due for this, but a rubber stamp for this cabinet is  also an unfortunate part of your legacy.
.@LindseyGrahamSC We need an independent investigation. Sir!
Thinking 30 min is about the time it takes to fix the chairs around the table. Stay a patriot first please.
And there was nothing you did not cover. #Well done.
I applaud you for your enthusiasm in your Bureaucratic duties Mr. Graham. Hopefully political tensions ease soon
Thank you for doing your job. Might disagree with your politics, but can't find fault with your ethics.
Got your sarcasm. Here's some from me: so sorry that you have to deal with all of these messes of your own making!
Thanks for attending, and responding to questions, but...fun? Seriously? Democracy has a freaking hull breach.
And that State Department budget too... thank you Senator!
You don't get extra credit for doing your homework. But considering many of your Republican friends are afraid...good boy!
only had time to skim thru. i'm a lib but i believe in a good deal of what i saw. Wish we could work on things we agree on
twitter needs a sarcasm font, Great fun lol...
Hope you watched @maddow last night so you knew what you were talking about. Trump is a traitor. No question.
Have to say it's not great fun...
Assume you were asked when other GOP Leaders will launch INDEPENDENT BIPARTISAN INVESTIGATION Of #russianhack #Emoluments
Can you spend time speaking about reducing rape in s.c. camps by military drill instructors?
good for you
Well, as long as you are having fun, Senator Graham, that's all that matters.
What came out of that I know nothing give the people the health u get
and I Bet U actually Answered those questions unlike Trump!
FUN?? loss of my healthcare FUN? Russia hacking FUN?
FU @LindseyGrahamSC
Pls don't just answer questions. Call 4 special prosecutor on #russia admin ties. This will not go away. Protect Ntl Sec.
evidence of criminal activity has to be found before they can call for a Prosecutor. As of now zero evidence
I give you credit you listened to your constituent's
he doesn't listen
Thanks to you and Sen McCain for being the only adults in the room re: cuts to State dept @mitchellreports @MSNBC
You and @SenJohnMcCain might be the only two #republican #senators who will stand up to #trump and #russia
Don't forget they are the only two who would love to start a big war as well #warhawk
30 minutes that's all they get from you. Sad....
Nice to a Repub having the guts to show up. Now, let's get on with seeing the independent investigation move forward.
Where is the independent investigation? You're all traitors.
