It needs to be a #FullRepeal. Replace was never part of the deal. The GOP needs to keep their promise or become extinct. #UnitedForFreedom
House tweaks to Obamacare not even close to #FullRepeal. Stop this outrageous gov't overreach. Government is not Daddy. 
#UnitedForFreedom
Stop with the damn repealing fix the Obamacare racist
Please #KeepThePromise and give us a #FullRepeal!!  No to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Please vote for #FullRepeal of ACA. No to #AHCA-- keep the government out of healthcare. #UnitedForFreedom
your vote affects the country not just S.C. Repair ACA so that it works for everyone. Don't throw the poor under the bus
@LindseyGrahamSC  @JohnMcCainIII has been compromised by the Trump administration They not pushing to get a indep commission #trumprussia
Joke
You think John Hancock, Patrick Henry comprised with Britain? No compromise on government out of healthcare! #fullrepeal #unitedforfreedom
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED!!  #UnitedforFreedom! NO socialized medicine.
#FullRepeal on socialized healthcare in America. #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom
#GOPZOMBIES4TRUMP #CompromisedPresidency #WannabDickTraitor #ReasonTREASON What about YOUR healthcare, let's take that away!!
This should have been fully undertaken before voting, you are not buying groceries, this is a matter of life or death.
Shameful
What do you think of your Congress vote on a bill they didn't read or have scored,to get a tax cut for the 1or2% &punish the old,poor &sick.
took @tedcruz advice and voted conservative up and down the ticket so you need to keep your promises of full repeal. #fullrepeal
Yes Man #GOPpartyovercountry
u should remember that 3 million more voted for her than him and you can be beat -we dont need another Strom--: from westminster SC
Lindsey graham will review nothing. Like he did for last 7 years. Vote him out.
Too bad the Rs in the House didn't review before voting
Maybe find a way to HELP people who need assistance.  And make Congress have to use the same insurance that we do #dountoothersetc
You know the truth but are too weak to do anything but talk. AHCA is a death sentence! Trump is a traitor! #stepup
But will you get an erection while doing it! Paul Ryan did. Just Sayin!
I look forward to Mr. Trump's fulfilling his promise for cheaper, better healthcare for everyone and your help in making that happen.
How can you vote for something and not even know what's in it
That rape thing, though, right??? You guys 


MAJOR UPDATE: Senate won't take up #Obamacare repeal bill from House, writing its own: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2622152  via @dcexaminer
How about you take part in the bill's consequences? You are an #AmericanDisgrace. Party over the American people as usual.
With all my respect please do I have  a small cyst in my lung & no insurance companies allow me to have health insurance
U look fwd to "REVIEWING"?U voted on such an imprnt issue such as healthcare w/o reading it?High risk pools?Opt out clause.
..that said, u and MCCain hold yourselves out as our advocates n moderates, but u voted w/ that clown what % of the time on nominees, etc.??
The question is... how many of them did?? B/c it doesn't fix most of the cost issues- just a chance to give Trump a win- party over politics
Until Trump threatens to primary and tweet you then CAVE.
Please put party aside.
Lindsey, you're two-faced. You're all that while the camera is on you -- behind the scenes,  you only care for your damn party #WordsMatter
If you care about your constituents, you will vote against this.
I look forward to you looking in the mirror and realizing you need to do what is best for the people of SC.
We are ALL your constituents now. I will die w/o protection from "pre-existing conditions." TWEET me back, tell me it's ok
I'm sure the Senate will take the responsible approach and wait for the CBO scores
Don't hold your breath
No D will vote for this mess.  That leaves 52.  Portman is a no, already.  It's dead.Too much purple in this country, too much risk for R's
interesting that you didn't get to see it public before it passed the house right? Or the CBO numbers? But they're coming.
this Pelosi pass it to find out what's in it all over again. Don't blame Dems. This is your party's party now.
Uh huh. You'll vote for it. Quit pandering.
Here's betting that you decide to vote for #Trumpcare. Dare you to prove me wrong.
I think this very moment's the premonition about Speaker Ryan & the guillotine supplied by Trump.
You mean wait for CBO score to see if more then 24Mil ppl lose health ins then vote party over ppl like you always do? More GOP BS from you.
Rubber stamp.
Someone should.
I'm looking forward to voting for your opponent in the next election. Yes, I am a SC voter.
Excuse me. You voted for it. You should've already carefully reviewed it!
Don't you think you should have reviewed it before voting for it?
Carefully review that CBO score and what it will cost taxpayers your House GOP colleagues did not. SAD!
Shame on you for this nonsense. Clear it will hurt millions
Glad you understand the bare minimum of your job description.
Don't bother.  You know you'll vote for it.  You care nothing for South Carolina, for America, for anyone but yourself and your party.
Summed up...TRUMPCARE loses House in 2018. Now all the good little boys & girls got on the bus to offer up their homage to the King..weird
Maybe you should review it before voting on it?  Just a thought.
They voted blind. They didn't score it. This shit better not happen in the Senate where the grown ups work.
I look forward to carefully reviewing your background especially the list of your donors.
What's CBO score again?
How is it better to kill the ACA than to evolve it?  Why is everyone so concerned who pays instead of how to reduce costs and enhance care?
If you read it that's more than the crooked house GOP did
#TrumpcareforCongress
It is a TAX on the poor to pay for a TAX CUT for the 1%. Main Street is abandoned.
That will be more than your Republican colleagues in the House did.
Please.  Bad legislation tends to happen if people fail to read or analyze it.
This mom who had two c-sections hopes you'll do the right thing and vote no. The pre-existing conditions list is appalling.
Just suck it up and fix ObamaCare! This new bill is total bs! And you will never hear the end of it.
how is this different. Habe you read it
And I'm looking forward to 2018
We hope so. We R counting on @senategop to right the wrong passel of lies fed to us by @housegop, @SpeakerRyan & @potus. Give us the truth!
That's more than the House did @LindseyGrahamSC - how about some actual law making including debate & CBO scores. That would be a start.
It's a literal death spiral
And THEN throw us under the bus?
Oh shut it, you'll vote yes and you know it.
Be sure to look it over realky well! The Amerucan peopke will suffer if you dont!
