unless we refuse to take part in it, right?
.@LindseyGrahamSC .@nikkihaley Yes!
Just please be sure @POTUS & #Bannon don't follow thru on removing us from UN
She is a 2 time governor- is a raising star in Republican party.
Where is Trump's governmental experience?
Do you think any dead people voted for her? Very concerned about fraud like Donald Trump!
I wish her well & hope she has an opportunity to speak at length with Ambassador Power, a real hero.
If you Lindsey could only see your sick self as others see you, you don't even have a set of conviction
At least she seems to be sincere.  Now she needs to knuckle down and learn what her job entails.
Now return the favor and keep DeVos out of education.
yea, she's already got the 'you're either with us or against us' and 'we're taking names' part down pat.
Haley was an embarrassment to SC and now to the entire US. "taking names"Lindsey. Is that how we talk to allies
THE UN IS A LOST CAUSE. TRUMP HAS DAMAGED IT AND EVEN ANGEL NICKKI CAN'T SAVE IT. WE ARE AHEAD OF OURSELVES.
pissing off the world is no way to make us safe.
now she's taking names? Trump sent her to bully lessons?
I see this was posted before she started bullying our allies, as we bow down to Russia.
We are pulling out of the UN are we not?

what the UN that Trump doesn't support. Niki Haley is being set up for failure.  She should have stayed in SC.
and will she and you continue to support the Muslim ban and the eventual registration
re UN "Ms. Haley added, “For those who don’t have our backs, we’re taking names.”..a threat of retaliation, bad
Wait, are we still part of UN? I suggest that Ms. Haley not give up her day job. She may become unemployed.
. She seems nice but has no clue how to do this job. She's the token "person of color."
you mean the position that @POTUS is trying to eliminate?
Except @realDonaldTrump plans to marginalize the UN. Having experience really didn't matter. Sad!
Have fun untangling the United States' reputation from the latest idiotic @POTUS statement or tweet. #Diplomacy
How much of a voice will the US have since Trump cut funding?  Seems we lost influence too.
Senator Haley, you will be one of the few in this administration with integrity. I follow you and respect you. Do your best
She's a swamp creature.
Nikki has very little experience and she is a RINO. Just a big mouth.
hoping she will return in a few years ready to run for POTUS.
Graham says "I am very Proud that Trump is paying Haley to force SC taxpayers 2 clean up Trump's pollution mess
didn't you vote us out of the UN?
Great!
there is a house bill to leave the UN. WTF?
I take it you're against this garbage bill: https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/193/text …
you mean until #trump shutters the UN?  #trumpisajoke
This is what happens when the President presents qualified candidates. Congratulations, Ms. Haley!
so now we are preventing government employees from enjoying social media kind of China like ain't it
She was not a strong voice against Terrorist Assad's slaughter in Syria. @nikkihaley
too much @CNN for you love.Check out #EvaBartlett and #USPeaceCouncil . #MSMLIES #SYRIA #RUSSIA #ASSAD
Gov @nikkihaley is wasted in an ambassadorial position. But she's no doubt the smartest of Trump's picks
@JoyceKohWLTX @nikkihaley For how long?
She better be a quick study! That's the deep end of the pool she's getting thrown into. Good luck. Prayers!
Well WHY WON'T U SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP? U were on CBS!  Embarrassing to SC.....AGAIN RETIRE!!!!
She went to the convention-showed support for Trump.
Yes..finally since Jeb and then Cruz lost and Trump won nomination.
"@SpeakerRyan Re: Illegal Voting.  Pls watch Obama's interview with Gina Rodriguez regarding her illegal relatives voting!
Vote NO to DeVoes! Teachers and Education deserve better!
Stop bashing Trump, traitor.
I'm a liberal but I kind of like her
YOU need to stop talking to MEDIA against @POTUS ; let it go! Stop giving the left more ammo; just stop it!
happy too but don't vote for Devos. As a parent/grandmother of 2 sp needs kids she will leave them behind
Now let's hope we still have a @UN.
Not only should we stop funding this organization of miscreants - kick them out of the U.S.
Congrats to @nikkihaley
please vote against  DeVos. Unqualified. Thank you.
Someone needs to get control of DT.  He's dangerous & you know it.
Trump just tweeted he's bringing feds to Chicago!  Has he read constitution, Senator?  You better reread it B 4 it's too late! @joanwalsh
Will the US still be a UN?
Have you forgotten about Russia? What happened?
I thought we were exiting the UN?
there's no way the Sovereignty bill will ever pass the senate.
I hope that is true
#SC must be proud, and the rest of us are honored to have her as our ambassador.
what are you both doing to protect the First Anendment?  Our democracy is at risk!
sorry she has to work for that narcissistic bimbo.
Your #republican banana republic president is crazy! #ImpeachTrump #now
Thumbs UP;  Saw most of the vote at 4:30pm Missed your speaking at 4:15pm ; not overly concerned Sen. Graham
we are counting on u, McCain & a couple of others to stop DT & Putin from blowing up the world beyond repair.
The same UN we're going to abandon?
Great! Please hold GOP together as Party has 2 years to prove itself. Stay as one for effectiveness :)!
You hypocrite, the DNC promised you no democratic candidate in 2020 to run against. #sellout
I am concerned that she has absolutely no related experience for this role. That said she seems competent.
She is a 2 term governor of SC-She can do this job.
I thought you wanted to defund the UN?
we're still in a crisis but let's all pretend it isn't happening. 
Lindsey Graham also wants @tedcruz in the Supreme Court. He doesn't really like Haley at UN, opens her old job
Agreed. Now counting on you to #protect us from the #lying #POTUS!
in America you can believe what you want. The president is usually right. If his belief is there was fraud, so be it.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @nikkihaley Are you high?
why did you waste your time you going to dismantle the UN give Russia all the power #Theresistance
congratulations, I think you will be great. We need your voice there.
Not even close. Zero experience
