thats not a downhill, you are just trying to avoid speaking about things that people really care about!
What other channel would you expect to see these two except the "Communist News Network".
wont watch the snowflakes of the party hope they get beat come election day
Thank you for all your years of service I loved yalls town hall. I am so happy to see everyone fighting to #MAGA=UNITY
why dont you and Sen. McCain suit up, arm up and lead the charge in Ukraine, why do our kids have to die for you?
Sessions needs to be fired for lying at confirmation hearing about R contacts and we need a special prosecutor NOW!
Doesn't surprise We the People u & mccain show up on cnn. u Traitors Treason. A lawsuit is coming.We've had it.
What about the far right regime assisted by Putin in OUR NATION? Not just France and Germany.....
There is definitely a connection to Brexit.
You were awesome tonight! Very candid.
No thanks you and John boy are mighty cozy together there L Graham! You dodging your constituents with this tv!
I really wish you were President. Ur honesty, fairness and compassion comes thur every time I hear u speak Thank U
thx, its frightening how few ppl still believe in decency, patriotism...
don't forget You work for the people! Get your s#it together and get onboard #TrumpTrain 
They are PATRIOTS unlike you Nationalist Trump, brainwashed traitors!
thanks being willing to consider both halves of the country
Well done.  From another Dem :)  I don't agree with some of your positions, but highly respect your strong no-nonsense
CNN really? What happened to you two? We have a hill to take and your waiting for what soldier?
@SenJohnMcCain I enjoyed your townhall.  What about Sessions talking to Russians 2x?  I wish you had known.
@postandcourier @CNN I think I would rather watch paint dry...
Sessions lied at confirmation hearing and said he had no contact with R gov't officials.He DID.He should resign.
If you would distance yourself from McCain and think for yourself you might be better off.
I don't watch Democrats
I watched and it was great to see two intelligent people discussing the situation.
Wonderful Town Hall last night.  Please do more
Town Halls.  You were both right on.
Thumbs down from SC
Looking forward to seeing Senator Graham Friday and Saturday in Seneca.
wonder how many people he can tick off during being there?
GOD BLESS YOU AND MR. @SenJohnMcCain 
get behind Pres Trump or we will send you home
traitors
I CAN MISS IT. NO BOTHER
@DougDixon50 @CNN Make sure you tell @CNN that you have been influenced by the Russians
@SenJohnMcCain How can you two call yourselves Republicans then go on the Democratic network to bash the President.Sad
GET the Russian Spies out of the WH - Now.
original. 5ht going to win big in 2018. Lol
hey Graham they are using you .. think man
I am so done with you two. Once my heroes! No more.
more fake news from total fake senators
I don't believe anyone in my family will watch. CNN, 1st reason, 2 turncoats Graham/Mccain mn reason
tuned in you are brave Senator 
These two need to be gone
Tuned in @CNN Watching
Will be watching the movie "The life and adventures of Benedict Arnold" instead
Sorry I don't watch CNN
Really, Graham is my Senator but his actions lately has caused great concern for many of us.Speak for people not self
You should start his recall!
no CNN for me...
You have sat too long for any good you have been doing lately... Depart, I say; and let us have done with you.,,,, go!
Why u choose this far left venue is beyond me! Not watching just for that reason
He goes wherever is "good friend" goes. #TopToBottom
Lindsey  you need to quit dragon your feet and get on the train and start help the people in SC
I will pass on your bias and obstruction talks about the Trump administration. Your a democrat in disguise.
everyone wants to miss a couple warmongers, still pushing the same old story. Remember your prez run no one wanted you
please show the GOP as united and stop attacking potus
bottom feeders swimming in Fake News
never would I watch these traitors.
- oh don't you worry we will and you are on the spot to TELL the TRUTH - do not hide and donot skirt the ?'s Manup!
I'm going to miss it.
Why not invite every loser that ever ran for the office of President? These guys are irrelevant.
you will do a national town hall but not one with the ppl who you are to be representing. I think you have things backwards
CNN is fake news and Lindserella is a fake Republican.  I'll pass.
Only if you support our POTUS cuz he's actually representing taxpayers that are paying all your ridiculous salaries.
Why would anyone want to watch you two swamp creatures
bad mouth the best American President the USA has ever had!
someone please tell me they are launching a new and reasonable alternative to the Trump party.
uh no thank you, Tucker is on....Are you 2 glued together,  speak for yourself ever?
nope TV doesn't tune to CNN...
CNN is fake news
TAX RETURNS! RUSSIA! 
sorry your divisive lying rhetoric is unwanted and unneeded, waste of time!
thank you for standing up to @POTUS



looking forward to listening to you and @SenJohnMcCain
Please have backbones and be honest about Russia.
you 2 + CNN = I'll pass
agreed
#MAGA ot get out of the way
You two Democrats spend a lot of time on that channel that has the worst ratings of all the news channels.
SHOWDOWN SMACKDOWN !!!! FIGHT !
#Absolutely
no intelligence gained from Yemen raid!! Tell the American people the truth. Trump LIES!!!!
Which one of you are the horse and which is the rider??
We will watch and see you in person on Saturday.
