That's basically calling a down's syndrome child a slant eyed n*gger
how does one who is so good at "deliberating" come up with a word like that?
a cursory google search would reveal in the top two search sights..the terms horrible eugenics origin in 19th century england.
Was the Judge..sloppy Lindsey or was his choice of words deliberate?  Two choices here.
Mongolism
is that an appropriate word to find in someones book for the highest court in the land?
He's totally wrong!!
Because the president seems to be a lunatic.  Have you read his tweets?
Our President has shown very little judgement.
@LindseyGrahamSC You wanted to lead this country as POTUS -- now is your chance LEAD! Stop w/ the BS conspiracies & stand up against 45
LMAO the POTUS doesn't have any judgement ability.
I respected you until now.  Represent us not your corrupt party and our criminal President.
I am pretty sure he knew Congress was there to check and balance and wouldn't always bow to a president's choice.
Alexander Hamilton would be supporting the Democrats, not the crooked Republicans who do not care about the people!
A 3-year block on DC Circuit appointments? Refusing to have a hearing for Garland? That statement is an insult to our intelligence.
Alexander Hamilton would tear Trump apart for being an idiot. Maybe learn about the person before saying what they would do?
If Hamilton were alive, he just died from shock. Don't invoke a founder's name to justify destroying the very foundation of this country.
@realDonaldTrump "Judgement of the President"currently an oxymoron.
IF HAMILTON'S ROLLIN' IN HIS GRAVE, IT'S B'CAUSE TEAPUBS SUBSTITUTED THEIR JUDGMENT FOR THAT OF A TWICE DULY ELECTED PRESIDENT NAMED OBAMA!
are you saying trump has good judgment?
Not so!  No one with a brain trust anything from Trump.  Investigate Russian connection first!  No to anything Trump until investigation!!!
The president has proven that he has no judgement. Pls be the man that I thought you were.
Rolling for you. "Graham Rule": 60-votes to confirm SCOTUS nominees, which requires participation from both parties.
so you are following the state run media now. you use to be a patriot.
Exactly, rolling over for this complicit old white boy @GOP gang
What are you saying, the republicans destroying our democracy as I tweet.
I doubt it, the judgement of the president has been proven to be unreliable. He cannot find or tell the truth. The people R better judges
Worry abt the living & how they're rolling around awake @ night worrying about damage POTUS is inflicting
"I think the 60-vote requirements [to confirm Supreme Court nominees] are good because it requires both parties to get a handful of votes.”
Lol! Coming from the GOP , that's rich!! Almost anyone has better judgment than trump. All he does is golf, spend taxpayer $ and tweet!
Senator, come on... have you been smoking that legal DC MaryJane? @realDonaldTrump is hardly presidential. Get over yourself.
They are on the radar for impeachment for treason, overthrow of government agenda, and total anarchy. That is in the constitution as well
No, Alexander is rolling b/c Electoral Coll didn’t keep a completely unqualified person from WH. Hamilton knew Thomas more qual than Burr.
I think Hamilton is giving them a standing ovation.  What did he think of the obstruction of Obama and Garland? You're quiet on that, huh
You know better than this, shameful
Not this president
I think he rolled over last year when Republicans substituted their “judgement.”  #RESIST
it's your choice to destroy the filibuster. Dems aren't making you do it. You're choosing to.
how can U believe the GOP is the victim? U won a tainted election by -3,000,000 & now get to steal a seat.
There has to be part of you that questions his judgement? It isn't all just a game, right?
Like all the dark money that buys MoC now wouldn't ???
HAVE YOU MET THIS PRESIDENT?!??! ARE YOU AWARE OF HIS JUDGEMENT???
Hamilton's not the rolling type. More like crafting a logical & educated response, still sick from the GOP cowards that ran from Garland.
Voters LIVID-refusing 44's 3rd Term pick, continual hypocracy of elected offic, belief 45s choices non-legit & use of Nuc Opt is Coffin NAIL
Reminder- we have a system of checks and balances for a reason. Need it with this admin more than ever!
Have you met our president? Most intelligent people don't trust his judgment.
Duh.
Hypocrisy at its best.
Is that not a part of their job?  How else can you explain your party's actions over the last few years?  Asking for a nation...
Sorry, Senator Graham, but our president is an idiot and had no input into that SC list.  He was handed the list and told to pick from it.
Hamilton is rolling in his grave because the Electors put a Demagogue, RussianTraitor in our White House.
Ok @LindseyGrahamSC we get it, you're really proud that you know who Hamilton is. Now enough with the false indignation, no one is buying it
he rolled over the minute Trump was elected.
In this case, the President is compromised by a hostile foreign government, so his judgement should be questioned and actions blocked.
You are only ramming this through because you know time is against him and this appointment.
Senator, we need an independent investigation of collusion with Russia and @realDonaldTrump needs a mental health exam, #TrumpDementia
The audacity of you even saying this blows my mind. Are you a clone of The Turtle ?
Always a good day when Alexander Hamilton returns. D's need to review their American history.
The judgment of the president is equal to the judgment of a two-year-old. Your statement boggles the mind.
Alexander Hamilton feared the mob. Senate consensus necessary, meant as check on President. SCOTUS should be moderate.
Sorry, he's been rolling in his grave since the @GOP vowed to obstruct everything Obama did. Rolling Merrick Garland was not given hearing.
Ummm have you met the current President? Y'all need to be questioning his judgement. At every opportunity.
ALL of our 4fathers are rolling in their graves bcz our Prez is indebted to a hostile foreign power.  He is the monster Hamilton most feared
Criminal traitor! Dictator wanna be!   Gorsuch is PutIn's choice for supporting kleptocracy and oligarchs and dark money
Can't speak for the Dems' judgment, but @potus' recent track record makes it pretty clear that he has none.
I would substitute it 5 yr olds judgement for that of *45, we would still be better off!
Well if we had a president with half a brain...
If true, he was already rolling due to your actions to steal Garland's seat. You cannot be serious. Or you are just a world-class hypocrite.
If Hamilton knew this President he would totally agree!!!
MERRICK GARLAND LOL
Uhhh have you seen our President??? I'm officially a democrat now thanks to him.
Thank goodness! Trump's judgment has a lot to be desired!
So are our forefathers who wrote the constitution. You blue bell.
Alexander Hamilton warned us about Trump. If he's rolling in his grave it's because @GOP turned a blind eye to get him in office.
trump is a traitor, committing treason.  Why isn't someone standing up to him and all of his lies.  His admin is caught in his web.
That's because he hasn't stopped rolling from the Senate refusing to even have a hearing on Garland
total hypocracy. Refusal to bring Garland for a vote forever changed the Supreme Court. Rs are now shocked
Isn't this Advise and Consent?   It is their right and their duty.  You know that.  @politico
Hamilton has been rolling in his grave since McConnell refused Merrick Garland. I respect anyone's judgement over the president's
Funny I don't remember that quote coming out of your mouth when you LITERALLY DID THE SAME THING LAST YEAR!!! #MerrickGarland
Exactly. The hypocrisy in this situation is incredible. @LindseyGrahamSC lost all my respect.
Which proves that the President isn't in his right mind.
@LindseyGrahamSC , you know as well as I do that Trump's judgment is spectacularly subpar.
What did he do in his grave about Garland...hypocrite at best.
I think McCain will be last Republican standing in my esteem.
