dear mr graham yourself and other us politicians are pushing a war narrative against Russia a nuclear armed nation
this not only effects both nations but all of humanity our beautiful planet and other lives in the galaxies they
matter as well I ask you to stop your war mongering
if not for humanity then for gods sake care about others lives in the galaxy that would be effected by such a war
country before party. Period.
Maybe Trump administration would not seem in disarray if they did not have 2 fight gop every day. You losers Bcome dem
Stay Focused. We Need Fair INVESTIGATION. Need Senate to take a stand. Not about Flynn Lying. About WH Lying @CNN
Stand up for citizens of the US, not just republicans. Be courageous and tell the Emperor he wears no clothes
Senator Graham, when are you coming to SC and talk to us at a town hall meeting?
Maybe you are on the wrong team. Who watches #fakenews ? Won't see you there.
Don't by USED by #BiasedMedia. Unnamed sources, innuendo=weak journalism. Stand up 4 GOP voters and don't 4get them!
Lead the way, Senator.
if you state the facts I will. Not interested in more Conway Spicer lies
I hope you and your colleagues will investigate Trump administration ties to Russia
What did the president know? re: #flynnresigns
no way I would watch CNN. Get behind your potus, you look like a bitter ole fool with ur buddy McCain.
thank you!  Will watch!
Really put "America first"; get Trump's tax returns!
Senator, we need 2 know what POTUS knew and when. Also ties 2 Russia deserve full congressional bi-partisan commission
fighting your potus and siding with the MSM makes you look ridiculous
is a disgrace!
Lost all credibility following Trump
I trust you will be speaking on immediately beginning an investigation into White House ties to Russia?
Why doesn't he immediately open an investigation into who leaked classified nat'l sec info?
is this POTUS under Vlad's thumb? Did Trump work to sabotage our former POTUS after this last election? Investigate!
Your "Russian"  utter nonsense allows Liberal Dems 2 advance false narrative vs. POTUS that U know is untrue. U R Shameful!
I would never watch CNN or listen to you RHINO!
traitor. Betty Ford is missing u Graham.
@realDonaldTrump Israel Lobby lackey @LindseyGrahamSC & Israel 1st @CNN talk Russian influence but not Israel's: http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
you and the rest of the Republicans should be standing up for Trump!!! And our country -- you work for the American people
Please do not look the other way on this. Our contry is at risk. #Russia #FlynnResignation
Yes to an investigation, followed by impeachment.  Tired of your GOP jig; lost faith in you with DeVos. Make it right.
not to many republicans will.
join the Democrat/Media party buddy.Take McCain too...drain the swamp
We hope you stand with our President.
DO YOUR JOB AND INVESTIGATE THESE IDIOTS!
the leaks are no way the biggest problems!  This is dirty, I smell it from Raleigh NC.. Chose your side carefully
You must put country above party. Investigate Flynn & the Russian connection. Rs did it to HRC & her emails.
@wikileaks  Senator you allow this under your watch & hurting hard working Americans.  https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/08/04/ibm_illegally_bleeding_mortgages/?mt=1487090236619 …
would Dems turn on their own? Traitor?
Call 2022245972 DC Office 2022243808 Fax please RT * If you have other contact #'s please add #InvestigateTrumpPutin
are you going to come clean with how much your know and actually when you found out.  #gangofeight
Excellent interview.
push for investigation on #Flynn & #Trump! Thank you!
Thank you for requesting the US Govt seriously investigate Russian interference in the election - against your party
Why would purposely watch biased fake news that have declared war on the @POTUS ?
Start investigating HRC foundation - taking $ from Russia while using her SOS position to sell 20% USA uranium to RF
why so we can hear a chicken cackling... if I wanna see that I'll turn on animal planet 
A gentle reminder Trump doxxed your private phone number.
I hope u stick to your words.
outstanding job sir. Voice of reason is appreciated. Lack of hyperbole and divisive words are needed in the Senate!
I did sir and if I had known who would win the 2016 election I would have voted for you.I did not vote for him either.
As your mom would say be sure and put fresh panties on before you go
Hope you continue to push back agst Russian interference.    Who else knew about Kelly; is that why Yates was fired?
MR LINDSEY! Maybe you can speed up INVESTIGATION. WE WANT A INDEPENDENT COMMISSION TO INVESTIGATE RUSSIA'S HACKS.
one moment you hate Lindsey the next he surprises you and does the nonpartisan right thing who knew
Remains to be seen but yes we will see.  Make my calls today. DEMAND INDEPENDENT COMMISSION INVESTIGATE!
can you dial and sip latte at the same time? I can't. Valentine's Day hope trump goes easy on all today
Investigate Russian ties and start doing your jobs @GOP or it's a frickin waste of our time!
you can pull your lips off 45's butt for that long?
Russia.
Please do not give CNN headlines against Trump
will you announce your intention to begin impeachment proceedings?

please call for an investigation in the admin's possible collision with Russia. #pleaforsanity #trumprussia
Talk is cheap. How about you put on your big boy pants and stand up for your country instead of protecting your party?
#investigateflynn
There is a clear-cut morally correct response to Trump: he is a con-man. #trumpsterfire #resist
please stand stronger against Russia than @SpeakerRyan Ryan will sale us down the river
Trump linked 2 Russia & elections. Russia has Intel on Trump. Not a bad word 4 Putin but constantly insults McCain USA POW
please say u will investigate RUSSIA/Trump ties, REPAIR ACA not repeal/replace. Both should b bipartisan
hope you tell the truth and do the right thing, because it's the right thing to do.  country before party!
Do the right thing Lindsey, you're the last hope. Call for an investigation!
Country ahead of politics please.
here here
be sure and let them know how much you hate us Trump supporters and how you want WWIII with Russia. They will love you
unless you call for an independent investigation re: Trump/Russia, there won't be much to see. Country before Party!
please discuss the Logan Act.
Do your job please. I really don't want a President working for Russian interests
don't cover up trumps lies!!  Speak up for the sake of country! #investigate and #ImpeachTrump
unless you call on Chaffetz and the rest of the @gop to do their jobs with a full investigation its wasted air time.
Are you going to call for an investigation about russia? Or are you going to do the same old dance for the party?
I expect you to help get the Kremlin out of our government.
WHY?
do your job, call for special prosecutor to investigate Russian infiltration of WH.
If u poopoo this administrations innappropriate (criminal possibly)actions I will never support you again. Integrity!
hope you address the disturbing ties between the administration and Russia
PLEASE do not go full Ryan and act like this is okay. This is not okay and we KNOW this. Call for investigations now.
.@LindseyGrahamSC @CNN Time to do your job. Demand an independent investigation asap!!!
stop trying to take away our healthcare and deal with your president and his Russian ties! Push for answers!
idiot
When can we expect the call to investigate Trump and his Russian ties?
You'd better not be going on to say "let's move on" while national security and sovereignty are at stake. #DoYourJob
he needs to join the Democrat party. You will love him over there with y'all..Drain that swamp!!
Hope it's for you to say you're calling for investigation of Trump's ties to Russia.
Please do the right thing. Rebuke this authoritarian @POTUS . #resist
please call for an investigation into Trump's Russian ties
I'm working now but I'll catch you on the news loops.
hope you hold this administration ACCOUNTABLE!!!!
I really hope you put country over party.
where is the investigation into Trumps ties to Russia?
it's been ongoing . Obama had guys working day & night on it . It can still be your fantasy if you like that .
