Unlike Uncle Bill Clinton with his $500,000 speech fee in 2010, there is NO evidence that President Trump is a double agent ( Period)..
Other than the evidence that warranted a special counsel, of course.
Well we got one.  Should they not too, pursue Nuclear Hillary??
No, that would require evidence against Clinton, something the GOP has never been able to produce in 30+ years of hysterical allegations.
I am going to have a hard time voting for Norman if this is how Republicans treat Trump!Vote obviously don't count anyway
Check out Archie Parnell
He isn't in my districts
If Norman is in your district Archie is too
I will not be voting for Archie.
Well the choice is yours. I mean do you want to vote for the club for growth
Your credibility continues to ERODE w/ Your Support of @realDonaldTrump & the PROPAGANDA of @FoxNews
You are in Iowa and don't vote for him anyway unless you cheat like the rest of Dems
Iowans did vote for @realDonaldTrump . Check your Election Map
I was talking about Lidsney graham
His decisions affect the lives of ALL AMERICANS whether they live in South Carolina or not.
CNN is partisan. Clinton Network News fake news
What's the weather like in Moscow, comrade?
Obamas IRS, Hillary Email scandal, Fast and furious etc can't get a special Investigation but phoney no proof hasn't been seen memo can
You and yours should be slamming the Dems every day. Get ahead of Schumer and Pelosi.  Keep the light on the Clinton email, meeting w LLynch
Charge the Democrat Party with Sedition and media and any GOP in bed with them. Follow the money.
why the Foxy Lady with the Long Legs and Lies?...and not a neutral site, like BBC, CNN, NPR or Reuters.....why always the alt-news folks????
You are slime! I hope u go down w this trump ship!
@LindseyGrahamSC why don't you go to a real News channel and talk about it, instead of the Russia propaganda fox news?!
Oh paleeze. What a child and a lemming you are.
This is a start senator.....
Stand behind our President!
Republicans better stand together like the dems do or this country will fold. Those who don't stand together will be remembered. 
As a South Carolina resident, I expect my Senator to support our POTUS, I'll remember your actions at the voting booth!
The truth got ahead of you and now you'll try to take credit.  We know better.  History moved you, you followed.  You had a chance to lead.
All I can say Mr. Graham is you can kiss your job goodbye if you are not standing with the President and trying to oust him from the shadows
Lets hear you tell Mitch where to stick that Anything but Care Act ACA now that you love Americans again.
Gotta get my ass on the band wagon here. The wind has changed.
Do the right thing! You know the president and his cadre are criminals!
Out of all the GOP Senators, YOU were the one I wanted to trust & believe in.
Please stop appearing on Fox Faux news. You will be more credible on @NPR or PBS @NewsHour
Good way to lose ALL credibility #traitors #GOPKGB
Oh please. You have no more credibility sir. I had so much respect for you. But your partisanship and cover for Trump have destroyed it.
Graham's little feelings are hurt. Wasn't it just yesterday AM that he said there was no need for special counsel? And then BAM! Wrong!
My disappointment with your response and partisanship is overwhelming.
Watch out! He may find about you!
Everyone should be happy we have a legitimate legal professional driving this investigation. There will be NO partisan jockeying here
#SethRichCoverUp #SethRich #SethRichMurder Seth is the hacker
What color heels will you be wearing?
This is the most F'ed up administration in our history. They win the Emmy for the best REALITY TV SHOW. Starting Trump the biggest man chd.
Dude, WTH is your problem? Still kicking the emails around while resenting the Russia thing. Passive aggressive or party over country?
The Administration absolutely new Flynn was a Foreign Agent. Letter From Elijah Cummings to you guessed it Pence
Why don't you talk about term limits instead. Time to get off the witch hunt ! You people waste to much time and get nothing done.
Special prosecutor, not counsel
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Should be working on FIXING A.C.A. instead of giving interviews! #CongressDoYourJob
I'm a Dem. Must say LG was the first one to call 45 a "Nutjob". He is a Repub but is not always on his side. But it is time 2 stand firm, LG
What does @realDonaldTrump have on you, Senator?
I'm not interested. Where were you  in the past 8 years?
Fox news. Really? You are so undercover. Watch your back, there is a special counsel on the premises.
How about speak with journalists who aren't in a propaganda factory? You know...any credible news organization?
special PROSECUTOR. I guarantee there's not gonna be so much "counseling" going on.
I think you mean special PROSECUTOR. You misspelled it..
You need to step it up.  Get off Fox.  Start representing the entire population of this country.
We really don't need anymore expressions of deep concern...when will you stop talking and act????  #RESIST
Looking forward to watching.
Tell them this is real and serious and not to be treated in a partisian way.
Senator, please don't feed the trolls. I know you have sense, and this is not a hysterical dem conspiracy.
Prosecutor.
You are an educated man. Fox News? Really?
.@LindseyGrahamSC @FoxNews Hope you're planning to speak @ supporting investigators & any/all it leads to up & including #impeachment
Really - not worth the watch - with compromised station - they don't report the truth - Hell they do not report at all
Grow a pair, Lindsey. You know what trump has done and you continue to stall and act as if it's business as usual. This is a disgrace fix it
WHY FOX News? They are not credible, and you know it.
Make sure that memo's from Obama & Hillary are included. As per letter! Lets get to the bottom of all of this! Love Trump!
Nobody cares. Go join the democratic party Mr. Lindsey.
Why are you always on Fox News?  Don't other news outlets ask for an interview?   Have you seen what they're doing to Seth Rich?  #awful
Rachel Maddow has extended invitations to him. If you've seen him in action at a Town Hall, you would know he doesn't like pesky facts.
Actually, I have watched his recent town halls and he was reasonable, which is why I don't understand his loyalty to Faux.  #chicken
You didn't watch any with his actual constituents in SC. No cameras there, just arrogance & defiance. "Liberals are the most intolerant..."
He bragged about his AR-15, said Planned Parenthood were abortionists, and told me personally that he didn't know anything about emoluments.
No, I only watched what was televised, with him on a stage.  He was catching hell, no doubt
Nobody watches that show anymore unless they have a psychological issue!
dude should be on CNN and out of politics. Lindsay is paid for, all talk fuckstick
Please, no more whining. They're caught. Step up or get out. Besides nobody watches Fox News that has any real intelligence.
He has to work on his Republican creds for his SC base. They love to call him a RINO.
So you're going to be the one to break the Special Counsel news to the Fox viewers?

He's a special PROSECUTER.
Sir, what have you heard about Comey's laptop?  If Russians had someone in the inside "borrow" it, would that make them a traitor?
Prosecutor. Prosecutor. Say it. I know you can.
Fox is not legitimate news
@postandcourier @FoxNews fake news BS
Don't let Trump pardon Flynn !!
Both the Centcom and SOCOM Commanders won't be happy w/ this as it was THEIR plan Flynn was screwing with. Treason is not too strong a word. https://twitter.com/pbump/status/865015824255528961 …
Wow the enthusiasm you show in this post is mind blowing!
Prosecutor
Step down.  GOP=traitors
Rosenstein&Muller were part of Obama's staff Are you kidding we are to trust them. Also Muller is a friend of Comey. Where is there no steup
@poocher7 really wanted to be a poocher, less interested in spelling or photos
and wrongly taking some kind of credit, i assume...
Fuck LIndsay Graham...from a proud South Carolinian
You spelled Faux News wrong.
Just read an article by @nielslesniewski but know you will have much to add. #Updates appreciated on everything.
You should be asking why a man like David Clarke has been tapped for a trump job
Didn't he serve under Obama?  Is he trustworthy?
Appointed by Bush. FBI director during 9-11 investigations. Trust him to Sig out the dirt we need to get rid of trump.
why don't you talk about impeaching this idiot before he does serious damage
Hopefully you are cognizant about avoiding giving them right wing conspiracy theory red meat this time
Will you be talking about how you're trying to slow down the RU investigation?
Don't forget to talk about that Tim Allen show!
Better get on board the Trump Train or get drained @LindseyGrahamSC
You forgot 1 word it's now officially known as the Trump Train Wreck. It's crashing in extreme slow motion. Sort of fun to watch. Go America
Still need robust Congressional/independent investigative action to pursue non-criminal aspects. But you should know that. Stop backing away
A month ago you were happy as a pig dipped in shit; did something happen?
How long are you willing to let Putin run the country?  This is NOTHING like Watergate.  Every day our foreign policy alienates allies.
How congress handles its investigation will be the legacy of everyone involved
Try speaking to a real news service for once.
u republicans r traitors and we will not forgive u
Good Thursday, Sen.Lindsey GRAHAM of South Carolina
What a great use of your time.
Argument about Flynn's clearance is like this: You hired school bus driver after he told you he had 9 DWIs? Well, DMV gave him a license.
We demand a Select Committee for #TrumpRussia and Independent Commission to #ProtectOurDemocracy
You still cool with your boy trump?
