Until republicans remember they work FOR the people they will have to accept the reality that they will be voted OUT!!!!!!
Wrong
Let's hope they don't for everyone's sake. Focus on Russia. Don't be a pawn.
I donated today to any Dem who will unseat you. #iamapreexistingcondition
Just like what  the republicans did when President Obama was in office. Oh, & BTW, i have a pre existing condition..thanks 4 the higher cost
Senator, because what your people are doing is not reform. You are dismantling & making it worse. I'm embarrassed that you rep my state!
GOP wouldn't work  with Obama the entire 8 years, now you want Dems to work with an unstable person who now is in our WH?

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
They would refuse even if they realize anything so best them with Republican votes!
Yeah wouldn't want that, good things Repubs didn't do that with Obama and the Dems over Supreme Court nominee
I live in your district and have to say that blaming the dems for GOP failures will not win you my vote DO YOUR JOB! Or we'll #FlipSCBlue
If Congress needs to be exempt from it then you know its bad! $ from the pockets of the pharma & providers as well as the rich need to stop.
Fix it then.
You own the senate!  No excuses!! Get it done!!!
Until Republicans in Congress accept the reality that people want and expect universal health care nothing can happen that makes sense.
They should have tried to work with the Dems from the beginning maybe that would help.
Or how about work them to improve obamacare instead of throwing it away ??
Oh, like the Republicans refused to work with Obama? Hypocrites, all.
You are begin had by Trump.U will b next under the bus.
Why do u insist on destroyng a bill that WAS working until bills/actions were taken 2 make it not work. Why not rev. those?
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
TRUMP IS INSANE, You want to ride the crazy train? GET OIN BOARD. WE don't.  You are all going to go down with this self serving jerk.
But you guys did the same to Obama
Perhaps they refuse b/c they're mindful of the human population that will be effected rather than a greedy finical boost to their pockets.
Unfortunately, you all made your bed
Your reform is hurting millions!
Do you really believe the crap you say here, or is Trump forcing you at gunpoint.
Why would any sane individual want to work with @realDonaldTrump? What is he holding over your head? Are you working for Putin also?
The @TheDemocrats and many @GOP do not accept Putin as their personal savior like you see to.
Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
Both sides need 2 stop acting like children & start working together.It is no wonder why we R disgusted with the process. We deserve BETTER
You're the party of death and hate.  The party of traitors, racists, thieves and you're killing democracy.  

You're sick.
Also sexual abusers like @realDonaldTrump 
Doesn't feel so good, does it? #potkettleBLACK
Like Republicans did for 7 years? Obamacare sucks, but it's better than the plan Ryan Came up with. Like it? Use it!
accept the reality of your proposed $18.18 per person each year from your high risk pool? Lindsey, you're high.
The Democrats (and the Republicans) that are "Establishment", need to wake up, or leave office.
Problem is Lindsey... few people trust trump or believe in what he stands for
"I have formally requested from #tRump why HE got to be Putin's #CockHolster and I Didn't! Unfair!" #Gopee #maga
Why don't you put the country on the same plan all our senators enjoy? Or better yet scrap your plan and get covered like the rest of us!
Remember when you were brave enough to stand up @realDonaldTrump? How many SC voters will lose coverage with this  regressive legislation?
Saw today that most in the House didn't even read the stupid Bill. How can they vote on it if they haven't read it? Unfkgbelievable!!!!!
Ugh. You're the worst.
Obamacare has good bones. Get over ur prejudice & fix it.
Just like the GOP refused to work with Democrats the past 8 years. #hypocrite
when did some of the republicans work with the dems when obama was in office come on lindsey
Let's see what happens when the House is cleaned in 2018. Your piper will play a different tune. Closing on the Senate, too.
Just a bit duplicitous Senator considering for 8 years of Obama you did nothing but obstruct.
Wow. Kind of like you Repubs did for 8 years.
Do you remember doing this for 8 years?
Listen to your constituents.
The "reality" is very few support this bill.
I wonder where they got that idea. Maybe y'all should have tried a little harder to work with the last administration.
We want him impeached. We want the snakes out of the White House. His cabinet is the worst possible choice in many cases.
If work means accepting pre existing conditions and lifetime limits forget it.  2018 is coming soon
Just like you refused to work with Obama on anything!
Kind a like what you Republicans did to Obama for eight years!
Why not just fix any issues with the ACA?
Okay, this is bullshit and you know it, because the GOP spent YEARS trying to get rid of the ACA and refusing to work with Obama. #Karma
So don't you dare pretend that any of this is Dems' fault. Dems compromised a lot to get the ACA passed in the first place; but it did pass.
The GOP has proven incapable of accepting the reality that the ACA is a good thing—not perfect, but good. Why repeal, instead of modify?
It is time for the GOP to start making some compromises. Stop acting like spoiled children and start acting like statespersons. Be leaders!
Maybe Dems would work with Repubs if the latter were interested in more than corporate profit?
You were too busy repealing replacing and gutting health care for women and children. It's all on the GOP
And by the way, your President* just acknowledged that Australia has better health care than US. GOP were just maligned by "your boss"
#russia
RUSSYIA
The Senate should work to fix ACA and not support this KILL BILL passed in the House today. Try putting America over Party.
I had respect for you...not anymore.
You are OUT of touch with America.  Will you  & . @speakerRyan help dig graves of poor people who will die without ACA.  .@SpeakerRyan
They never will. Wishful thinking.
Oh you mean like your party did to Obama for 8 years?  Wonder why?
Listen to the people of SC, ask them.  You are foolish.
Giving them input and say into the bill would help..you just want them to blindly sell out, walk YOUR party line and call it "compromise".
Dems refuse because they don't want people to die or go bankrupt!
Because you Repubs set such a good example?
Dems should refuse to kick millions off the healthcare roles and so should anyone else with a heart.
Oh, they will refuse to work with this treasonous lying buffoon, their constituents demand it! You're out too in 2018, we'll see to that too
The high horse doesn't suit you here. R's have had 6 years to work with D's on this issue and chose to stonewall instead.
First you slam it, then you praise it. I'm confused?. What is it.
Please stop blaming democrats for everything. It's so 2016.
Finally getting a dose of your own medicine?
Giving it back to the state to make choices. Insurance was not affordable before ACA. Many junks plans double digit increases every year.
Evil.
You're the majority party. You refused to improve the ACA while Obama was in office. You own it now and must be ready for consequences.
Nobody should work with the president. The president doesn't know what he's doing.
Just like you work with Obama
Really? U Can say that without laughing at the hypocrisy of your words when all of u refused to pass anything Obama wanted?
OMG can't handle another "Stages of Acceptance" mental health cycle 
#LetsFlipLindsey
Senator Graham forget the Democrats do exactly what the Republicans did in the house if you have to dump the filibuster than dump it !
Work with Dems to improve the ACA you gutless wonder. The majority of citizens are against what you are doing. GOP 'leadership' is vacuous.
Remind me- did Republicans work with Democrats for Obamacare? Or to confirm Obamas Supreme Court pick? Pot calling kettle black.
Correct. LEAVE #healthcare ALONE! #voteNo #VoteNoACHA
The "reality" is that as of today the R's own healthcare. It's Trumpcare now!
Pot meet kettle
You mean fake POTUS?  Haven't YOU heard enough yet?
Stop blaming others for the worst bill in history by your party. And voters will remember who took their healthcare away!
Lindsey - What? Dems r doing what they should be doing FOR their people, not for themselves.  U & @GOP party BEFORE people 

#LindseyCare
So, did you work w/ PBO on healthcare in 2009-10?
You, Trump and Republicans don't want to reform health care  you want to kill it along with the poor, disabled and aged.
Did you hear your illiterate grabber-in-chief praise Australia's healthcare. I did!!
Do you realize that trump is not normal and shld not be normalized? Dems are doing the right thing by serving the people and not the grabber
Tweet not to state the obvious.
It goes both ways baby.
- democrats are SHOWDOGS - when the lights go dim they run to the closet !
Y'all made not attempt. Just focused on pressuring the last few GOP members that think about their constituents.
why cant you instead make effort to work with them USHC act fixing what is now in place Ocare instead of starting over expand Medicaid
We need a real president not mr trump
I respect you but explain how this isn't just another take from the poor give to the rich GOP strategy?
maybe GOP needs to work with democrats in making Obamacare even better.
Good for the Dems, you know for 8 years the GOP didn't work with President Obama so what goes around comes around!
You're worse than Nazis in some ways. At least Nazis admitted what they were after.
Sen eday more koolaid,your leader McDonnell said on day 1 his job was to make OB fail(patriotic?)& @potus a burther! scoring out GOP done
This is a bipartisan problem. Stop the pissing match and fix it.
your party hasn't even tried. The GOP and especially Trump are so divisive. Healthcare is a bipartisan issue.
You're all the house majority now...it's up to you to ask/cross that isle, sir
Anyone working with the current, non-representative GOP, is viewed as suspect. Your lack of concern for people & planet is appalling.
The AHCA is literally a death warrant for thousands of Americans. I called my GOP rep and asked what I can do for care--no answer. NONE.
But why would any sane person believe anything he says or trust working with him?
Go home Lindsey, such a bore! Yawn!!!! Hope u have a red pen, start checking off your last days. Coming soon. Drain the swamp.
This is from the "party of no" the last years. Sucks doesn't it.
Oh puleeze.
Fuck you
Why do you need them to work with you? Hello! Y'all have all 3 branches. Stop arguing & do what needs to be done. #MAGA
They have been working on reform! Republicans just wanted to replace because ACA is called "OBAMAcare!" Which side isn't being team players?
Dems, and most Americans, hate, despise GOP. We don't want to work with GOP and Trump. We want most of you gone.
Why should we work with you?  Your party wants to take healthcare away from millions of Americans, can you withstand this for re-election
how about Republicans work with Democrats to FIX Obamacare which a majority of Americans want? #reachacrosstheaisle
The way the @GOP worked with President Obama?
Ha ha ha ha ha, Lindsey, you're such a card! "Reality"! Ha ha ha ha ha!
I'm not sure poisoning the water with AHCA will get you very far.
Your OUT watch n see.
Because you guys work so well with President Obama you're a hypocrite and I used to like you
Hahahahaha, you're such a card Lindsey! Reality! Hahahahaha!
We the People do NOT want our Reps to work with @potus #resist
You mean how you worked with Obama???
You party has a majority in both Houses and the Presidency.  Why are you waiting for the Democrats to do your work?
Like Republicans refused to a ce or reality for EIGHT YEARS and help Obama help the American people
They continue to tell their base that POTUS will be impeached. They will not work across the aisle on anything, sadly.
Can't believe u will work w him.
I cant except this reality Senator
My representatives work 4 their constituents bests interests
@SenFeinstein @tedlieu

Can urs say the same
No,  we cannot
Shut up and get to work Lindsey.
Why? Why would anyone work with Donald Trump?
Where was there any attempt by @SpeakerRyan to collaborate with Dems on healthcare? GOP will own this betrayal of our trust
Just remember....dead people are not a great voting block. Please ensure your constituents remain with #healthcare you're old for new job.
The bill that was passed in th House today should be called KILL BILL. Shameful.
Just like you guys worked so well with Obama and the dems when he was president?
How come you didn't say anything when McConnell refused to work with Obama. I would have respected you then. At least O was up to the job.
*Crazy* thought, but maybe they realized that this bill (w/ its 17% approval rating) wasn't the tweaks the American people want or deserve.
As far as I can tell, Democrats won't come on board and Trump doesn't care....
Your president Trump is in collusion with Russia. And you are complicit. Love taking away my health Care but not bothered to investigate
Because you and or your party is holding everyone hostage to pay off your donors
Some days you dazzle with your true patriotism...and then others, you are consumed under bullshit...HEALTHCARE IS NOT PARTISAN
The dazzle, then  pretty much indicates he is compromised & must do what he is told 2 do by those who hold the blackmail material.
Make them a trade..independent prosecutor for shitty HC
NOBODY said we don't need fixes. You damn well know that. Some of us just believe pro life means healthcare is a human right.
wait a minute... I didn't hear any calls from R's for bipartisan input in writing this monstrosity..now it's the D's fault no cooperation
Why the hell would they work with a bunch of vile, cold hearted, greedy cockroaches like you.
I don't believe they were asked about nothing Senator.
Those who care about others will NEVER accept this reality!!!
You are carrying water for Trump. I thought you were genuinely concerned about Russia. Also you should learn to thread your tweets
List of all the times you worked with President Obama:

(SCENE MISSING)
There's a lot of reasons not to support Trump's march to authoritarianism.  This bill is just the latest reason.
WHY would anyone want to work with a traitorous psychotic?
We know obstructionist win!!
I want you to let you pass AHCA tax cut. You guys will gone. You have no leverage just like you blocked every turn to destroy it w/obama
If this bill is so wonderful, why did you all vote to exempt yourselves from it?  Pathetic.
So, yes. Your brilliance about Dems "not working with Trump" or GOP is shining through. But do tell us how you're our HERO.
Many Dems say there are problems and Congress needs to work together to fix it. Dems and GOP need to sit down, find issues, and negotiate.
You mean accept there is a mad man in the white house?
would you make a deal with satan and his cohort- @LindseyGrahamSC  your party is on the wrong side of this - you KNOW it
Until GOP realises voters are becoming informed and politically active, and act For their constituents, the GOP is going to lose seats.
This isn't reform - it's a murder and an Autopsy will be done
Senator Graham, I respect you but please consider the impact to tens of millions of Americans. Obamacare should be fixed, not gutted.
Your version of reform will bankrupt my family and millions of others. Don't you dare call yourself pro life ever again.
Pucker up and keep kissing Putin's president trump's ass. Surprising the GOP didn't even know about healthcare until Obama schooled you. Sad
Have you even read the bill?
How about we refuse the fact that the House kept their current healthcare. 

EXPLAIN

THAT

TO 

THE

PEOPLE

LINDSEY?!

HYPOCRITE
