
Luv it!
Why is there a vote on Gorsuch? I thought you weren't supposed to confirm a Supreme Court Justice in a President's last year in office.
Actually, I think Dems would have been foolish enough to follow their oaths and obey the Constitution and hold a hearing for Garland....
Do you think #Gorsuch is being treated differently than if roles were reversed? Haha
No, the Russians wanted Gorsuch & rasPutin's puppet, MR. TRUMPF, gave him to rasPutin, THE BOSS!.
Bunch of Cheaters and Liars Just like there Russian Puppet! They are All in on this Conspiracy. Mid Term Vote Them OUT! #1TermTrump
Senate GOPZERO paid corporate thieves. Citizens United 45 Committe bought and paid for all White Niger GOPZERO senators.
I would have raised hell with my party to make them honor the Constitution.  You dishonored the process with Garland because Obama is Black!
Ridiculous!
What about all the lower court judges that the GOP left empty because they failed to approve Dem nominations?
Stop feeding us bullshit bloody liar. 114th senate had 2 months left after elections. That's more then enough time for a @SCOTUS hearing.
Really?
Hypothetical at best. I guess we will never know if the Dems are as rotten as the GOP
They are all a bunch of whinny bitches...  Democrats and Republicans alike...  need to start getting better people in Congress. Period.
No, that's not what the @SenateDems would have done. The lesson here? @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP play dirty. Grossly unethical. #StolenSeat
WTF!!! Who was treated worse. He was not even considered for a vote!!! @LindseyGrahamSC what an ass
iF YOU TELL YOURSELF A LIE LONG ENOUGH, EVENTUALLY YOU WILL BELIEVE IT!  BUT, WE WON'T!
You come back with a "Biden Rule"; there was no Biden Rule & you got your nominee heard; you got an up and down vote.  Stop the bullshit!
there was a YEAR left on TWICE ELECTED POTUS Obama's term.The PEOPLE made THAT choice.Garland did NOT even het a HEARING or courtesy meeting
Research Barry's World choices
So win at all cost. BUCK the American PPL .U knw Garland was treated WRONG.
Baloney- you are better than that. He deserved a hearing/ vote. Nonetheless  as a body more weighty issues to focus on...he went to Jared?
This is the difference between Graham/Repub's & the Dem's. They have to appease their Corporate donors at the oppression of We the People
R U God Lindsey?  Even though you may have a god complexion, you are not God. You cannot know what Dems would have done.  #MerrickGarland
I think that is somewhere you best not go, Senator.
I just developed a tiny little bit of respect for you - it's gone again!
Pres Obama's candidate deserved a vote and you didn't even have the decency to follow the law
We saw what y'all did last summer!
There are plenty videos recordings if your memory fails you!
Since Garland never got a vote, it's only malicious speculation. 2018 is coming & the Majority party is up for grabs. Keep that in mind!
GOP wouldn't even talk to him. Very different
That's a HYpothetical question, Mr Hypocrite  Obstructor. It's You and your party who didn't earn your paychecks for a year. #ShamefulLiar
Final tally was 48.2 for HRC and 46.1 for DJT.  Find a nominee that you can both agree with and quit playing like children!
No one will ever  know  will they @LindseyGrahamSC? @garland_merrick was never given t/chance. Great example why GOP is considered REPUGNANT
This is a bald-faced lie.  Lost any respect I had for you, Lindsey Graham. You are in Trumps pocket like the rest if your cronies
The question is clear, should someone under FBI investigation have the ability to nominate a supreme court justice, I don't think so.
Stop smoking crack @LindseyGrahamSC
quit talking out of both sides of your mouth
and that makes it right?
Ever been on the outside looking in? Clueless, but didn't expect anything less.
LY
I don't think sanctions will work and u know this.   when's the War?? Tell the People
DISAGREE Obstruction is from GOP handbook as is partisanship My way or the highway RIGHT way EVEN scrapped Fairness Act 2 start FAKE news
Not so sure. You cannot deny that there was an anti Obama obsession in the Garland oppo. Dems dont harbor these personal race bsd prejudices
Gram is an ass clown RINO. Nothing he does will change that
How is that an excuse or defense? "The Democrats would've done it too." How can they know that? They don't. And it justifies nothing.
McConnell and Graham sound like elementary students, not United States Senators. Grow up and do your job. You were wrong and you know it.

So it's ok for you to not hold hearings at all but democrats can't vote their conscience and the will if their constituents?  Hypocrite
Said differently, not to confuse the adjective with the adverb, do two wrongs ever make anything right?
Bullshit. Illegitimate presidents shouldn't name justices
well we won't know that will we???? You guys didn't even let the guy have a hearing and it was MARCH when he was nominated! HYPOCRITES!
never know
Oh bullshit
Mr Graham you are part of the problem. Someone has to cross the divide and get this country working together. You might  e 45 now if YOU had
Blow it up if not now then next time might as well get it done
ummmm....really?  Wtf
Will never know will we
do you hear the words coming out of your mouth? Hyprocite. Reps refused to even grant Merrick a hearing
Judge Garland was treated unfairly by the #heartless Republicas who care more for greed than for the American people.
Rs wrote book on dirty, underhanded politics. Ds would have been royally toasted and shamed. Not Rs GOP=FU
you can't not be more hypocritical and unethical. Bring him against bipartisan vote #Partyovercountry
Really?!? If so then both parties should be abolished for shirking their Constitutional duty!
Let's see what happens if there's a SCOTUS vacancy in 2020.
It's that mentality that is responsible for Dems acting like Republicans used to Pull it together before this shit show really falls apart.
You're wrong.
This childish tit-for-tat b/w Republicans & Dems belongs in a nursery school, not DC. Arguments on both sides need to be substantive ONLY.
the so-called nuclear option could backfire hugely on the GOP in the future
Graham is doing his bit for the team. Does he really have a choice?
respectfully, Senator, u don't recognize vile,unpatriotic actions of Congressional GOP members.Not all, but those in power #countryoverparty
Only problem is the roles weren't reversed
Graham, you can't expect us to accept such bullshit.
You stole a Court seat.
Period.
Please nominate M Garland he will be confirmed with unity. When Republicans refused to hold the hearing for political gain. Its Karma!
Have you forgotten McConnell  threats to keep seat open if Clinton won for 4 years?   Republican conduct has damaged our democracy.
Changing the voting threshold will back fire and shows true republican disregard for unity and a vote against the people.
@thedemocrats, @NancyPelosi, @SenSchumer, Thank you Sen. Graham for speaking directly and truthfully, you have my respect.
@pattyreffner @LindseyGrahamSC things are about to change in Washington.. Dems, watch and learn..  MAGA!
So Lindsey after meeting with Garland did you decide not to vote for him? Why? Point is YOU never met with Garland.
@SenSchumer Well Chuck Schumer said , no president in last year of term should not appoint a candidate foe SCOTUS. New he is a BIG CRY BABY
You are obsessed w your personal feelings towards @TheDemocrats. We see an evasive #Gorsuch & this he may be involved with criminals. @FBI
McConnell said yesterday that he will not honor the "last year rule" designed to deny Garland.  How is this fair?
B.S. Then more B.S. Better put on the boots Shit's deep.
You & the Trump @Whitehouse seem very comfortable ignoring the will expressed by voters. We called our senators & they heard us. No #Gorsuch
Respectfully, we are here because of McConnell denying Garland.  Why not follow Collins compromise to seat both Garland and Gorsuch?
It's not about had Hillary won!
What the GOP did was just wrong. No way to get around that.
How dare you scold senators when we called our senators and told them we do not TRUST #GORSUCH. U r wrong to discount the will of voters.
It's moments like these when I remember that, no, you're no different than Ted Cruz, Inhofe, McConnell. You're not the "reasonable one".
DARK MONEY SHOULD NOT BUY A SCOTUS SEAT. That is unethical and if Gorsuch was so good then he would not have allowed nor wanted that.
.@ThisWeekABC @LindseyGrahamSC  sorry, I don't buy it. you are not a petty man, but this is a petty defense of a vindictive strategy.
You cannot mix Federal Judges with Supreme Court Judges its 2 different things. Nuclear Option is putting Party FIRST. #CountryOverParty
How can a possible traitor to our country nominate a SCOTUS? If HILLARY won and was under same investigation , what would you do?????????
Exactly. Trump and his team are under federal investigation for crimes against our govt. He shouldn't be a picking 30 year appt for SCOTUS.
but since he's POTUS-he has that right-WTF were voters THINKING? THAT is our president?
Not true. McConnell's action unprecedented. Own your nuclear option!
Crybaby
Obama won 'fair and square' Trump did not. That's the dif.
I think you missing the point.  moderate Americas r tired of the obstruction on both sides. Work together, quit party line stances. Plz
Democrats proposed a consensus nominee.  Republicans did not. As an independent voter, you're making it impossible for me to vote R again.
Lindsey Graham is trying to convince himself that the mess the GOP pulls is expected and fairness is a game.
Graham could have stopped after the first three words.
Trump is under investigation for colluding with Russia! He doesn't deserve pick until Americans have clarity!
The  @gop are #hypocrites. I will NEVER vote for you again Senator
Classic logos rhetoric. It gains traction with the ill-equipped -- if left unchecked.
That's crap, & you know it. Obama was a legitimate President, & there is an investigation into the legitimacy of Trump. THIS IS NOT NORMAL.
#StolenSeat  Republicans already perverted the SCOTUS confirmation process with Garland
Bullshit.. that action was unprecedented and SELFISH putting party over country
In Trump's shoes I would have used Garland on 1st SCOTUS pick. That would have been a big olive branch toward future of cooperation. @POTUS
In Republican math, two (imaginary) wrongs DO equal a right(-wing hypocrisy.) Is this the new math @BetsyDeVos will be introducing?
Hypocrisy!
Nonsense. Democrats would have given him a hearing. 
Garland appointment was treated out of pure vindictiveness.
With vacancy nine months away from election? Real issue: Not brought to floor for vote! Agree w/you a lot, but Please don't twist the truth.
"But he would have hit me first" is not a defense on the playground or in Congress, sir.
Maybe time to vote Lindsey Graham out!
#MerrickGarland 
GOP kaboshed bipartisanship YEARS ago.
Look no further than propaganda arm of once Grand party
"hypothetically, you might have done wrong, therefore our real life wrong is justifiable"
A Trump apologist says what?
Gorsuch got a hearing. already treated with more dignity & respect by Dems than your shameful ilk did garland
America, where you can become a senator even if you don't know the difference between an adverb and an adjective. #whitebonics #smh
He was nominated by President Obama that was enough for them to say no
How many SC nominees have Dems refused to even meet or hold hearings on...? That would be a big, fat ZERO!  No proof to back Graham's claim
Stop playing schoolyard games.  This isn't your playground.  This country doesn't belong to your party.
That statement is just a better reason for him to get filibustered. Moreless what u just admitted!
That's some interesting mental gymnastics you've done there to justify your indefensible actions re: Garland
Projection, Senator.
Really? Advice and Consent was given to Gorsuch. 

No such thing for Garland. 

Filibuster lie from Graham...
I hope he chokes to death on the bullish!t coming out of his mouth.
You don't?  What gives you that opinion?  The zero times in history they failed to even consider an opposing party's nominee?  LOL.
Save that nonsense for the rubes, Senator. You know better than that. Yours is just a position of convenience. The @SenateDems have to kill
the filibuster because the truth is, your political party has become so stupid and so extreme that it cannot countenance a single nominee
from a Democratic president. Better to make that proud sociopath @SenateMajLdr kill the filibuster than to have to do it themselves later.
Oh, and your ignorance of history is staggering. Perhaps you should follow @KevinMKruse, the Princeton historian who isn't ignorant of it.
Kennedy was confirmed in 1988. Democrats literally didn't do this. Republicans did.
Why @chucktodd didn't say this to McConnell on #MTP astounds me. Any idiot knows McConnell was going to bring up that 80 year tradition BS.
Chuck's eyes might have been awake, but his brain was sleepy.
Except Dems didn't, GOP did. Except for that...
@SenateDems have proven repeatedly..THEY ARE NOT ON AMERICA'S SIDE..THEY ARE ONLY ON THEIR OWN..AMERICA SUPPORTS #Gorsuch
You know better, Senator Graham.
@LindseyGrahamSC added, "and I say this as someone that has voted to actively hurt gay men, so... I know about hypocrisy."
Yell at him on Twitter all you want, but y'all better be trying to challenge him in his home district.
Turn that anger into action: @flippable_org @IndivisibleTeam
Delusional. Process was politicized last year when he & GOP trashed Senate precedents using the debunked #BidenRule
Thread—Why @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenMajLeader's defense of GOP #StolenSeat using the nonexistent #BidenRule is a fatuous one.
@IndivisibleTeam https://twitter.com/indivisiblesc_2/status/848716216663519232 …
Now THAT'S just a flagrant lie with no evidence whatsoever to back it up.
Before the election, GOP said that if Clinton won, they were going to block the SCt. nomination FOR 4 YEARS.   Crying foul now=nonsense.
Bullshit.  They never have.  You can't break the rules and justify it based on what you THINK would have happened if the roles were reversed
This is not a reason or very good logic. What might Aristotle say?
when you employ whattaboutism you're generally supposed to include an example
What's your point senator?
Um..excuse me @LindseyGrahamSC but that is utter horse sh*t!
that is unknowable, circular reasoning. wouldnt it have been wrong either way???
"We should not confirm any Bush nominee to the Supreme Court except in extraordinary circumstances" - Chuck Schumer, 2007
How many Bush (or ANY @GOP) President's nominees were refused a hearing/vote?  That would be ZERO!  Saying/doing are two different things
So we shouldn't believe what Schumer says? Or Biden? You want action? Obama and 23 other senators attempted to filibuster Alito in 2006.
