Maybe you should file a bill not to let these people in the country to begin. Keeping them out would be a great start.
he was born in THIS country. the same place as trump (who i assume you are supporting?)
yea and San Bernadine killing also FBI released. The bill securing watch list and staying there. Yes
these cases he was a hypocrite. Punishment toward southern whites -he owned a flag
you can't possible be serious with this.  Come on
look it up! I'm not answering anything else! Do your own homework. Good night
were having a normal conversation. Why can't you continue? Bc I disagree with you?
I clearly said we will have to agree- to disagree. I'm not doing anymore homework for you.
if this bill is exactly as stated and deals w our terrorism, i see a plus in the bill. I however disagree if its on us. Usa
"A" for effort,  but we both know it'll fail since all but one #GOP senator will vote "Nay." They always do. #election2016
So you're for unconstitutional laws?
It's a living document. If something no longer makes sense in the 21st century, it should be changed. @SenBillNelson
Like get rid of free speech and only what the government says you can say?
Just out of curiosity, what part of, "I'm not buying," was hard for you to understand? @SenBillNelson
then why didn't you vote for the Republican bill that would have stopped that from happening??
Your legislation is unconstitutional and incorrect. Violates Due Process and wrongly claims an AR-15 was used.
It's easy to trash politicians, but @SenBillNelson has a long history of good public service and level-headed legislation. Thank you.
But he keeps supporting removal of our right to due process.
This is literally the LEAST lawmakers could do.
Better than nothing, but not by much.
Reinstate the Assault Weapons Ban.
Yeah the assault weapons ban helped Paris.
You bunch of gun control pushers @SenBillNelson think you can stop terrorist by passing a Bill.Wrong!We elected candidates from Fantasy Land
ppl did call concerning this person what was the Feds doing about this person instead it becomes an attack on guns
I suspect a Senator involved in spreading fear with Fake Shootings! Where is that legislation? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ieu46AXzkw …
Mr Nelson, WHEN will you ask for an INVESTIGATION of TRUMP and Pam Bondi PAY FOR PLAY MONEY TRUMP GAVE HER VIOL FED LAW ??
This evil was not a suspect! He had been cleared!
but the Freaking Bunch of Idiots wouldn't know a clue of it slapped them in the face.  The #orlando shooter wasn't on a list
what about due process.  If no crime has not been committed if legal citizen u can't keep from buying a gun. PERIOD
This is a good bill.. makes sense. UNLESS you adulterate the Terrorism List. Are Veterans on it? Political enemies? Dangerous
Let me guess..Senator Sessions voted against this??
#Tampa Gun Safety @SenBillNelson is he @SenateDems @SenRubioPress @SenateGOP @GOP supporting it?
@SenBillNelson
#NRA @NRA
who do you consider a terror suspect? Radical Islamist or Republicans. The Pres. Thinks the GOP is the issue.
why aren't u asking why and what the fed gov was doing since several ppl called them about this person that killed so many
Maybe file legislation for solution for ppl that get put on #NoFlyNoBuy list that shld not be on there! That's what failed
& Charleston, Sandy Hook, CO & CO?
What is your point? PEOPLE KILL NOT GUNS!! Evil ppl will ALWAYS get guns!
What if he homie buys it, Really,
Did you vote yes on the Grassley bill?
Why didn't YOU propose this when YOUR party had 60 votes in the Senate?   Why?
You also need to admit that these terrorists are here and want top kill us.  Stop changing the topic/cause
Alerting FBI didnt stop them from catching the guy who tried to buy bulk rounds and a class 3 bullet proof vest. justsayin
You lost the war on gun control, Nelson. The 2d won hands down..
The FBI cant do anything until he actually pulls the trigger..
thank you for your vote yesterday. Florida sadly has only one Senator trying to protect their people. You will have my vote
Hayseed says Constitution is breathing? I thought it was paper and ink.
why don't you figure out why my health insurance went from 333.00 per month to 968.00
Tell voters that Obama administration is allowing more muslim immigrants into country.  Isis reigns????
.223 or 5.56 is a weak round. Are you going to go after a 30.06 that has ten rounds as well?
Hey just watched your garbage from the floor today. Are you going to go after EVERY Semi-Auto gun?
instead of passing new bills how about focus on changing the definition of a machine gun. Weapons like AR 15 = machine guns
Thank you!
And then blow'm to HELL!!!
Are you going to band presure cookers next (Boston)!!, lets ban Radical Islamic terrorism.
Lets hear the criteria that puts people on a no fly list!!!!
But if #FBI does not follow up,then what?VOTE NO 2 #ANTIGUN PROPOSALS including 4 #guncontrol amendments 2 #HR2578.#congress
Just curious. .. who decreed the Constitution a "living breathing document"?
And FYI, all limitations on it are on government
Kill it. Florida Bill Nelson Has to be voted http://Out.Gov .control is HERE.WAKE UP.Our coun is at edge of cliff  #2
That's great-- but please don't infringe on our 2nd Amendment rights
your comment @ Constitution is most ignorant UNLESS U HAVE an agenda.The Const isn't elastic. If it's living u R trying to #1
There R approx 800 U.S. citizens on terror watch list. #NRA refuses to block ONLY 800 ppl from buying a gun. #Clinton #guns
How about we block you from free speech. Don't worry you'll only be one of 800, who cares.
thank you! @marcorubio don't let his efforts be a loss
@Politicodivers2 Won't that violate the poor terrorist's 2nd Amendment rights? Can't have that. #NRA
Best way to protect Americans is by ending Muslim immigration, stop making them citizens, & only allow citizens to buy guns!
For those fools who think Nelson is "patriotic" for backing gun control, he's a pro-Muslim Dem with an F- on immigration!
How DARE you spout your anti-gun policies on CNN when your pro-Muslim immigration policies have just killed 49 Americans!
I realize I'm wasting my breath but how about focusing on Radical Islam instead of restricting law abiding gun owners rights!
.@SenBillNelson Thanks for the good start, but please make military-style rifles and high capacity magazines illegal.
The only gun control we need in America is keeping Muslims from purchasing guns! http://www.billionbibles.org/sharia/muslim-brotherhood-project.html …
.@SenBillNelson #PrayForOrlando
Top secret “28 pages” may hold clues about Saudi support for 9/11 hijackers, Sunday: http://cbsn.ws/1WRxUWX  
@60Minutes  boring, people waking up, waking up to MS bullshit   #EnjoyItWhileItLasts
>last of investigative MSM.  Please read this prophetic NBC article from 1998
This type of legislation puts the onerous on who it needs to be instead of law abiding citizens.
thanks for responding  to  my VA problem.
162 mass shootings have occured under Obama's reign, more than four previous presidents combined (62). No guns to Muslims!
#EndViolence #assualtweapons more #security n #backgroundcheck #rnc #dnc #sanders #clinton #potus
Those are for hunting, these are for killing! Isn't hunting, killing? Or do you shoot and release?
Too bad itll be thrown out of court in 1 day as lack of due process is a constitutional requirement.
I'm 2A person and I do believe your idea is great I can live w/ that.. Unfortunately too many stolen guns on the streets
Protection our second ammendment!!!!!!
FBI was alerted with Orlando terrorist..why ignored? PC policies from WH?
Realizing imprudence of saying so publicly, please privately push for the removal of incompetent Ronald Hopper (@FBITampa).
Just no gun laws that ban people on a "list".  Need checks and balances to how you are added to list.  #FreeCountry
no private citizen should own an assault rifle. An alert of a purchase is literally the least they could do
we shouldn't let them buy any gun at all.
You decided to pick the lowest hanging fruit to make yourself look better with this gun legislation.
Good Job keep up the Good work
Thank you, thank you!
thank you and thank you for your assistance with the Chris Murphy filibuster. very much appreciated
TY now to pass #NoFlyNoBuy legislation. As your constituent I thank you for your work.
At least YOU'RE trying unlike the rest of the obstructionists!
Glad to see you agree with me on this.
Thank you, for your bravery and conviction.We need senators like you who do more than "think and pray" when violence strikes.
Bill, they already are. FBI Director James Comey said so to a Senate Judiciary Committee last year http://www.mrctv.org/videos/fbi-director-fbi-alerted-when-someone-no-fly-list-tries-buy-gun …
thank u. I lived in FL 18 yrs and miss having u work for me. Wish I had someone like u here in OK. Take care & God Bless you
thank you for all your efforts. this is the first step.
Ryan said NO
To.changes w guns
Please to insure Ryan is OUT
With VOTE
This is a start, I hope you'll be supporting more sweeping reforms on gun safety.
@debilu2 they should be notified & investigate. But due process has to happen too.
Exactly.  But it shouldn't be a problem to wait a little longer to get a killing machine.
no, as long as there is a process to challenge that list.
With The technology genius in This country surely the right hand can connect to the left hand.
your bill is positive but weak. GO HARDER #banassaultrifles.
Thank you!
@HillaryClinton Mateen vetted by the FBI and Homeland. Valid Florida Carry permit. What more gun laws do you have in mind?
With  Democrats so worried about guns killing; should I be worried about the gun I keep on my bed stand killing me at night?
Next step is taking away a terror watch listed individual's right to buy guns.  Then ban sales of assault weapons to public.
@BeachPeanuts Hope the legislation is passed...for all our sakes!
all Americans R NOT as dumb as U bank on Bill!
Thank you!
Thank you!
@MKlave Tweeting from Florida, sayingThank you Bill Nelson! Called u to show support for filibuster for #EnoughGunViolence
@ralphb47 Thank you 4 your efforts, Sen. Nelson. #Enough
@Minx970 If you do anything to compromise our 2nd Amendment rights we will vote you out so fast you'll be dizzy for years!
Thank you for taking a stand. You have my full support. #filibuster #holdthefloor
we need more Senator.  Thank you #holdthefloor #filibuster 
#Enough 
@sandyhook  @Bradybuzz
@Everytown
@MCFraserElvira Thank you!!!
#HoldtheFloor for gun control! We are with you!
would be great if you could get on the floor for this #filibuster. - Floridian tired of our stand your ground law
was out there earlier. It would be nice to see our other sen @marcorubio support too but not holding my breath.
yea definitely not expecting any Rs to have a conscious. Would love Nelson to take a lead role!!
me too. A couple of Rs came out and spoke too. Maybe a few more will realize it's the right thing.
Thank you for standing up for the people of Florida and fighting for gun control.
Respectfully, you should be on the floor now,
thank you
just ensure the #FBI does its job!!! Smh. #HeadsShouldRoll @savetheturtles2
Just called your office to let you know that I support the filibuster. Wanted to follow up to say I'm glad to hear you are...
...working on gun legislation. However, hopefully a ban on assault weapons will be your focus before an alert on suspected...
...terrorists who have already purchased guns. Too often we do not learn who a terrorist is until they have already killed.
The best method to stop terrorists who do or don't fit the government's profile for what a terrorist is is to take guns...
...that are far beyond the threshold of what anyone needs to hunt or defend themselves out of the hands of civilians.
@windsurf13 thank you!! please get it passed.
WQE WANT ASSAULT RIFLES BANNED
That could b 2 late 2 save lives?  What about private sales w/no bkgrd check? Please join #filibuster & debate. #DisarmHate
Keep up the filibuster!
and then what?
thanks, I called your office 2 ask that U help reinstall the ban on assault rifles. Those are not needed on the streets.
Make it Happen!
@kavn And senators
Pre screening for senators
No more narcissists, sociopaths, alcoholics or addicts
@kavn How about standards for presidential candidates?
Ethics?
Sanity?
Sobriety?
Not being under @FBI investigation?
That’s great and all, but shouldn’t we prevent them from buying the gun in the first place? #Enough #Filibuster
@rabiasquared thank you
thank you!  A much needed step!
Thank you, Senator. #Enough
@Nettaaaaaaaa that isn't going to do anything. Stop putting others in more danger by not allowing them to arm themselves.
Once they buy the gun it's too late!  #Enough
Thank you for your #gunsense! #ENOUGH #filibuster #OrlandoUnited #Orlando
national intel policy still #dontsnitch after all these years
Thank you!
time to #HOLDTHEFLOOR. Stand up for what's right Senator.
Good that u r filing legislation but it needs to include white nationalist + other groups; banning assault wpns easier
how are they not already, when they're the ones running federally mandated FBI background check required on all guns sales?
hoping to see you as part of the #Filibuster
keep the filibuster going.
If you have legitimate suspicion that someone wants to kill a lot of people, THEY SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO BUY GUNS #dobetter
@akaXochi how the hell can someone being watched by your FBI for terrorism even get approved to purchase one...
@CAPgunsandcrime But the suspect still gets tk buy the gun before the FBI investigates?
Not nearly good enough.
Thank you! We must close the Terror Gap. Those w/ @MomsDemand & @Everytown agree. #filibuster #Enough
Who removed the terrorist from the terror watch list Senator? #DHS ?
THANK YOU!!!
@gullsimpression Maybe add amendment if anyone other than law inforcement officer attempts body armour purchase same red flag
I guess that's a first step until the NRA loving congress get voted out.
@greyhoundlover2 @SenBillNelson
.@SenBillNelson Thank you! I am so glad you are my Senator! #GunsSense
Unfortunately NRA & GOP will ensure it goes nowhere. Thanks for trying though and we can always cross our fingers.
How about the addage, "An oz. of prevention is worth a lb. of cure"?
Untrue. Look up the weapons mass shooters have used.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1085289464894510&id=341163402640457 …
Facebook isn't a source. Seriously. AR-15s are a silly target.
Thank You! #ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH ENOUGH    AMEN
because... the criminal selling the gun will notify the FBI???
why can't you to point out that he was from Florida and the state FAILED him because he's Muslim? He has no ties to Isis.
get stringent requirements 4 ppl 2 become "security guards" where they get access 2 guns, r able2 screen ppl at govt bldgs!
like theirs as in a tragedy in their town in particular?
@GStuedler We are going to have to convince people that common sense is in their best interest. They have believed it's not.
…people will follow along with common sense if they aren’t beaten over the head with it…make it their’s.
Excellent. However former terrorism suspect should not be sold an assault weapon under any circumstances.
next legislation one liner...Ban Any and all Assault Weapons.  Period!!!  No one needs this for hunting!!!
Thank you!!!
Common Sense! @MamaRedfield @sandyhook @NRA @realDonaldTrump #Orlando Should be covering& monitoring passage @HillaryClinton
@Chris11Alive Thank you.
Thank you ! Let's get this passed ASAP . @SenBillNelson
You will always have my vote Senator.
Even @ACLU objects to those lists http://bit.ly/1Rzyc0E  Secret lists, no oversight, no due process.
■■ THANK YOU SEN. NELSON ! ■■

Give agencies necessary TOOLS 
to help get the job done!

@SenBillNelson @AmyTidd
We're in a sad place when we can only file legislation to let those who protect us know when a possible TERRORIST buys a gun.
well least he showed up giving the media 'only 60 seconds' of commentary  he backs Hillary. Enough SAID4me.
I live in Florida. Bill Nelson is not part of the  problem. It was just comment on Congress as a whole.
him supporting Hillary over Bernie is a part of the problem when so many of us CITIZENS don't want her as POTUS.
I voted for Bernie, too. But how it works is he didn't win. If you don't vote vote the dem. with warts u get Gov. Rick Scott.
I'm going to be contesting the convention due to voter theft and writing him in at the primary.
Hopefully the #obstructionist GOP will act.
this is a much better approach. It respects due process for those who might be on list unfairly but helps law enforcement.
No it doesn't support Due Process. Last line says Nelson supports violating our right to Due Process.
