what? Don't you know all republicans are racist, sexist, homophobes, islamophobes etc

How dare you! Saying we are as racist today as 1963! Speak for yourself. I will be funding your opponent. Shame on you.
you sir better watch out, disrespecting our commander and chief is insubordination! If McCain's so smart y r we in such shape
vote no on Gorsuch. When will you be having a town hall meeting?
Vote NO on Sessions,  how is this happening?  We're going back in time!!
- Hi, remember that there is lots of work to do in Washington, DC. Including fighting against Neil Gorsuch's appointment.
what do you have against Jurist Neil Gorsuch?
- For starters he's anti-woman and doesn't have a good record on disability rights. Do your research honey.
seems to me if he was so anti women his wife wouldn't be so HAPPY now would she?
@SenJohnMcCain IS GETTING PAID BY SOROS!!! So while you're defending him, know your facts!
I understand your support for @SenJohnMcCain but realize to some of us the timing of those comments is not appropriate.
YIKES
colleges need free open internet Ajit Pai Trump's FCC Chairman opposes and wants to get rid of it Do you oppose him and plan?
SIR confirmed JUDGE GORSUCH 4SCOTUS....voted &donated your campaign.TKS
Senator Nelson we need you to stand up and fight Trump and his cronies.
looks like the found more socialist Democrats slightering around the everglades
why you proud of pythons they destroying the everglades
we need a Special Prosecutor now to investigate trump's ties to Russia #impeachtrump
you see it in DC a lot.
wasting our tax dollars again!
this is nice.
vote no on joint resolution 18...the madness needs to stop. Needless slaughter of our wildlife.
don't want to see pythons in the Everglades either really
we need the EPA. Do not allow the regime to ruin our beautiful state
You need to respond to calls/ emails regarding changes in Hippa as it relates to mental illness & family being notified 4VETS
McCain knows what he's talking about.VA's great except in iArizona Iraq war Syria McCains a clown  U R another Weak democrat
John McCains military service DOES NOT ordain him with a higher moral authority OR a exemption from criticism. Time he retire
@LoopEmma Ben, tell Rhine "yet". These critters have adjusted, lived & reproduced in colder climates. Learned on documentary
Snakes? You have time for snakes? Ask @johnthune to vote NO on DeVos!  She's unqualified, dangerous to kids like mine!
CHILDREN BEFORE PARTY.  VOTE NO ON BETSY DEVOS!!!
no SCOTUS pick...PERIOD!
NO vote on Devos!!
please team up with @marcorubio @marcoand vote NO on Betsy DeVos confirmation.
Vote NO on Scott Pruitt, Jeff Sessions Gorsuch. Enemies of the environment. #IndivisibleNCF
do you have a stance or opinion about ANYTHING going on in DC? As far as I'm concerned you should not be re-elected!
#impeachtrump now. Investigate Russian ties. Tax returns now #resist no compromises! No to Scotus
I believe that snake is an invasive species. (the constrictor, not the Senator.)
Tell us if you plan to filibuster scotus nominee. Why least cabinet members in history ATP in adm? Instead of thune fun time.
Thanks for all your help with the Biscayne Bay Dredge #Not
@AlanGrayson @SierraClubFL @EndangeredOcean
shouldn't you be SCREAMING in DC to try to save America!! Fascism isn't gonna do Everglades any favors. PRIORITIES sir!!!!!!!
#draintheswamp starting with @TheDemocrats
I'm concerned for our country & @marcorubio isn't representing us. Would like to know how to support your reelection efforts.
are you talking about the Everglades?
So, you're no longer cowering in the hallway refusing to do your job. Isn't it time you packed in in. You've become a fool.
I livee in Florida and where I live we SUPPORT our President. Florida carried. POTUS IN CASE YOU FORGOT sir. BACK POTUS.
So can we assume you have never accepted campaign funds from the Big Sugar Fanjul brothers? They destroyed FL water.
thank you for working hard to restore and preserve the Everglades. And for showing how bipartisanship works.
more important things happening in the US you need to take care of and stop booboo
don't let the squeaky lefty wheels fool you, lots of FL Trump supporters watching what you do or don't do to support him.
.@SenBillNelson, I live in zip code 33919, your office phone mailbox is full. PLEASE DO NOT vote yes for Betsy DeVos! Thank you!
please ask Thine to vote no  Betsy Devos . She is not the best choice for that job.
Don't you have bigger fish to fry? Get to work. Rome is burning.
C'mon, baby, wrap and squeeze.  He should have the FULL experience!
save some of your energy to protect America. Trump= Bully
Please put your negativism back in your nasty woman thing...ppl like you stop ppl from supporting democrats.
In your dreams!
if @SenJohnThune cared abt the environment he wouldn't endorse DAPL. If YOU care, speak against Sabal Trail! #StopSabalTrail
what are you're feelings on the travel ban?
Kudos for reaching across the aisle. Please keep being our voice of reason from FL. Vote NO on DeVos & Gorsuch 
Keep trying to contact your ofc. Will you plz support Ms. Devos for SecEd? You know she is smart & capable...whole family is.
but your votes against keystone have imperiled the environment elsewhere and cost jobs even for flridians.
Please ask for a no vote on DeVos
Please stand up for public education and oppose the DeVos nomination for Sec of Education.
Unless he goes to the Reptile Gardens, in Rapid City.
I hope you asked Republican Sen. Thune to vote NO on Devos, to fight against the border wall and #NoDAPL.
Bill I applaud you for reaching across the aisle to your republican counterpart. Never underestimate the power of friendship
yes, please ask Thune to vote NO on Devos.
NO on Devos.
will the state of Florida still protect endangered species and work to keep our streams, rivers, & springs clean?
Sen , 
Why Can't TX Delegation @tedcruz  @JohnCornyn @GovAbbott  Get behind this initiative because Texans love their boots
Snakeskin Boots are a great way to rid the Everglades of these large pythons
you should VOTING, you know...what we pay you to do! Unacceptable behavior
did you also show him our rising sea levels and eroding coastlines and teach him about climate change?
Is this seriously what you're doing instead of working to keep Trump nominees out of the Cabinet??? Unreal.
That's nice; now go back to work and confirm Gorsuch for #SCOTUS
.@SenBillNelson Democrats must balance environmental preservation with economic opportunities, it won't be easy but we're counting on you!
great place to discuss climate change! Hope you took the opportunity to educate @SenJohnThune.
@johnthune Please ask Thune to vote no on DeVos She is unqualified and dangerous to public schools and disabled kids.
If I'm not mistaken, we shouldn't be seeing that in Florida either.
Called your office to ask what are you going to do to stop President & Bannon from destroying the US Their actions must stop!
Did @johnthune bring along a Jackalope to hunt that snake?
