Let the people who are actually working to help Puerto Rico do their job. Typical democrat, whinny and neg and in the way!
You are bashing the Pres bc he is a republican.Your only looking for media attention to falsely elevate yourself.Go home,you're in the way.
They are there! They have been there, they are continuing to bring help and supplies! Nice try attempting to make it look like not helping
On this we agree. Roads, working  people infrastructure is not the fault of our military. Love you Bill but way off here.
Uh yeah it is no leadership!!!
Leadership is important but when roads are closed fuel can't get to parts of island and no drivers it's difficult. Not military fault.
This was gigantic storm, which covered several islands and states! I think considering level of damage, they've done a damn fine job !
Well I wouldn't go that far but agree it was a lot to take on. Many challenges. My point was can't blame the military.
Is he blaming or just asking where are they?
Blaming. First 2 responses went very well, so ignore. PR is an island now with 3.5 MILLION ppl displaced. Roads blocked, power lines down

 
@senatorBillNelson: We are fed up with DC political grandstanding. MIl Aid, supplies & millions are funneling to the poor people of PR.
Nelson is only interested in promoting a political narrative  PR doesn't need your negative BS Bill.
You go over there and live in those conditions and then repeat those same words! PUERTO RICO  NEEDS HELP NOW!!!
That doesn't change the fact: the military has been there; its an island with damaged sea/airports. Nelson partisan tweet not helpful!!!
Why aren't we sending in the army to take command? They are trained and have the equipment to built infastucture and buildings quickly.
Yes to Florida and texas
Sen.Nelson(D) You/your party believes gov't solves all problems. Vote against military. P.R. gov't (D) fails, you call for calvary. #Ironic
Liar, 9000 containers have been off loaded; US military are clearing roads; FEMA's on the ground for days! @POTUS #dimspoliticizeeverything
@SenBillNelson Maybe you could contact the Truckers' union in FL to see if they can provide drivers & trucks to be the cavalry.
好
Aircraft carrier loaded w helicopters, water food & supplies should have been ready. Send NOW! #unprepared
National guard been there since last week. Navy ships rntoute. FEMA on ground ???
Do all the people in PR have broken legs too?? Get them off their ass and get to work. This is insane, are just to cater to them??
Sitting at Armed Forces bases in the mainland waiting for orders from trump who is stirring sh*t about the NFL AGAIN!!
Where are you Senator Nelson... oh that’s right, your self-assigned role is criticizer in chief. Nice work if you can get it! #dumpnelson
You are always looking for someone to blame. Can’t wait to vote for your opponent!!
Texas and florida
What about the Coast Guard? Can't they drop supplies by helicopter in the rural areas. How about the media! They seem to have helicopters.
@HomefrontHugs  @CNN  Sure glad Trump & cronies werent running the D Day Landings. We all be speaking German.
Are you saying we need hillary.ha ha
Thank you, Sir, for this twit. It means more than what a lot of other politicians (in PR and in the US) have done. Who can I write to?
So are you really trying to make Florida a sanctuary state for illegals?! I live in Tampa and you want to put my life in danger....wow.
Are you there
Oh please
Stop bashing the pres! People are working hard and doing the best the can trying to get supplies to Puerto Rico.
If they were a State they would not have to wait this long. Let's do something Senator. And I'm not Latino.
Where is the local authorities?  Just like the local leadership of New Orleans, of which that Mayor is in jail.
Why are their own truck drivers refusing to work and help their own people?
Why are you bashing the US military?They are working 24-7 trying to get supplies to these ppl.Yes ppl are suffering-military is working HARD

Potus is too busy tweeting. I bet if he had a hotel down there. He'd would take AF1, if available,  to go check on it.
Commander and Chief is waiting for his KFC.
I don't know But it's so scary that you have to ask! Are you not in a position of power in the United States Senate?
Great question for @POTUS and @realDonaldTrump ...
This is truly disgusting. Their passports are also being held & deactivated as collateral.
Dude, get the fuck off my thread. This is my country, not yours.

cc @TwitterSupport
Let the mayor shut up and let the police help distribute the supplies. Some one needs to lock her up
Sen. Nelson will always have my respect for his assistance in the past. Very responsive staff.
Lets get rid of the illegals and put the Puerto Ricans to work.  Use E-Verify to ensure only Americans and Puerto Ricans work on recovery.
There are truck drivers in America needing work!  I'm sure many would appreciate the opportunity to help PR!
Trump is golfing again. He'll get back to you next week!
This is a perfect example of a purely political statement.
Oh for goodness sakes stop the dramatics and fake news!  President Trump has been on this since day one.  Stop holding Americans back.
They're clearing the roads to get supplies where they need to be.
What does Maria and Katrina have in common?  Both hit places run by Liberal Democrats who had nothing prepared for the storm.
How much have you & @JaredGenser & #amalclooney given out of your personal enormous wealth to FL, TX, PR, Mexico? That's what I thought
You are a damned liar, lots of help has arrived in PuertoRico.
Just look at the massive Debt you have voted for:
http://USDebtClock.org 
You are one of the most deceitful Progressive Marxist Democrats in the US Senate, you have lied and decimated our HelathCare system. RESIGN
They're there, jerk.  Over 10,000 FEMA, military, aide is stuck due to poor infrastructure. But you knew that. Retweeted by #amalclooney pal
Fed UP with your lies-deceit. RESIGN You know damn well USA FEMA Military SamatarianPurse RedCross etc have been involved since Maria hit
Try keeping up with everyone else. Military is already there, has been. You're a senator and are clueless, or just another Trump basher?
hope your focusing on tax reform bill.   Expect you to support tax cuts.  I live in Florida.  Stop politicizing the relief effort.
Its an island. Goodness it takes a minute.
What a divisive asinine statement Senator. Logistics in this area are complex and planning goes to hell after a CAT 5...but you know that
Where are you? Mars? Roads impassible w/H2O and trees to transport supplies. They are doing all they can. Go carry supplies on your back.
Go to @fema and ask them.  Or down the hall.....seriously, you are all in the same town or at least have the number.
American ppl know - it's a difficult situation. Roads nd be cleared, airports opened. Can't do it over night.
U should be answering this for US, not asking.
golfing..
THE HEAD OF THE CAVALRY IS TWEETING ABOUT THE NFL & RATINGS?  SHAMEFUL!
On its way!
Zzzzzz..
Please say no to @realDonaldTrump’s tax plan. No more tax cuts for the 1%. Sincerely, a voting Floridian.
Nine days after the storm, logistics and equipment only the US Military can provide are still missing. Numbers to date are simply inadequate
Trump says "massive food and water delivered." Who's in denial... hmmm, let me guess...
The LIAR IN CHIEF!!
Why are you asking me? Stop using Puerto Rico to score cheap political points. Go drive a truck down there. Be useful.
It's the militaries job to defend the country. You might better ask Where is FEMA?
You didn't fund  them. Every time you cut the defense budget you reduced their ability to respond.
Pretend the military industrial complex bombed    the island nation, now we can rebuild it like Iraq.  Oops for got no one makes money here!
This is a lie. I have a friend with family in PR, just talked to her on fb about your tweet! You are lieing!
He is not lying. I have a friend who's mother is in PR.  Also have a Coast Guard friend there. Might be areas of less bad, but it's bad.
I can see where they could be from different areas with different reports,  that does make sence.
They are busy monitoring NFL kneeling and making sure the National Anthem is respected, get it?
Ask the AWOL Commander in Chief.
You have no idea
It's trickling in. Now they need the roads cleared and truckers to haul supplies around the island. Dangerous work.
Thank you for keeping the pressure on.
Thank you for standing up for the people sufferring in PR 
Where is the Senate on this?
Senator Nelson, I am a bilingual spanish interpreter with a lic.to practice law in PR. I live in St. Pete, Florida. Anyway I can help?
I believe we really need some serious leadership there to get things moving.
The military has generators which can power up towns or cities, where the h_all are they. That's relief.
Not to mention a better distribution structure.
I myself have applied for FEMA help and no response to date.
I'm a Vietnam Veteran and was licensed for, 2 1/2 military trucks. Despite my age I can still drive so again where is our military.
I still can not understand FEMA, like you said: Where is our Military.
What have YOU done??? ZERO??
There's over 7k troops there now. If you think there needs to be more helping hands, you should go help.
Taking care of two other hurricanes in the US. Who will end up paying for PR liberal policies.
You know why, but hey, why not take a shot at partisan politics?
They're m.i.a., sir. This is a shameful and cruel situation.
Ask your jagoff president.
Wwwhhheeerrreee????
They are there working their asses off! It's a DISASTER! Roads gone, vehicles damaged. Goods can move only so fast. Stop blaming DOD!
Now you know they are on the way. Shame on you. The ground must be cleared for trucks to get through. And grid rebuilt. No finger snap.
Why does the military performing humanitarian aid in Puerto Rico need weapons. They are not there to fight.
Guess you do not listen to FXNWS News President Trump covering Puerto Rico!
my sisiterinlaw has family there
Yes, keep up the pressure!
Bravo! Senator Nelson. A whole week gone by & US Gov't has not done near what is needed yet. These are US citizens just like all of us!
You have no idea what it actually is being done do you
Just as of yesterday. I've asked for today's report. Can I help you find someone there or do you have a certain region of the island?
Where are the People of Puerto Rico? Not enough to get down there to help themselves?
You go senator dont let scott steal your lime light..
You know he wants your job right?
Hey Bill I lost the Joint Chiefs #'s DM me the digits and I'll call them for you to see what equipment they still need. Will let you know.

Why does @WhiteHouse seem to be patting themselves on their backs?
And just exactly Bill will the military be able to move supplies any quicker? You know NOTHING about logistics so shut up
But there's protesting football players that need to be reprimanded! We don't have time for your hurricane silliness
I absolutely agree. #sendinthetroops #cavalry #cavalrytotherescue #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief
Read what Trump just told a bunch about PR situation and how is going to treat us when we want to exit PR in this crisis as we ever did b/4
can you pls remind Trump that PR is part of USA, we are in war fitting for this country and we are been treat as we are not american
Obsessing over NFL hijinx
They tripped over 'The Stick in the Mud'.
In case u were sleeping yes man
Where is the Calvary in NWFL to help save our public lands and beaches?
@Maddow @MaddowBlog @SteveBenen @CoryGn @Oleta @TriciaMcKinney @WillAtWork Please watch! There is a massive land grab in Congress S. 1073 
This is an absolute disgrace these r Americans sitting there suffering outrageous we should be screaming out the rooftops to #45failed again
While we take care of Texas & FL first.
@POTUS defining democracy consistent to @FOXTV @BetsyDeVosED?
@grantsgov @AE911Truth @PilotsForTruth OR FL6Fit:12(w)JewDNA=KKKCaballusDeath?
Blond @netanyahu's cut off 6dark:12 @BlackHair101 JewDNA.
No HairColor=Saliva Kit?
@usnistgov RM-8392 >50:90N DNA.
@IsraelMFA @rupertmurdoch
@rupertmurdoch @IsraeliPM = BlackHair DNA. @ArmyChaplains KKK no look at haircolor. Looking at >50:90N DNA balance. Caballus KKK @rcia Sect.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvAv-114bwM&t=364s&list=PLE2GPNbkz_heJnSs36N8lLJ2JPz75IoyD&index=3 …

@JewishTweets @jvplive @JewishChron @aus_jewishnews @hebrew4c @Hebrew4Arabs @HebrewNational @HUCJIR @HebrewU @nasa
.Caballus sect: Laced Plans >50N:90N Land DNA replace <43N:90 DNA. So gave @TimesofIsrael $3Billion USD to_train_by_kill_their_DNA=Make way.
.You may be confused by @oed spelling, when fonetiq=DNA.
@Kaballah @Caballus= @Norske DNA use K's, not Papal C=Sea.  http://www.jewfaq.org/kabbalah.htm 
.Clue, enemy of @israel = @CardinalDolan then @ProLifeYouth @PopeInnocentIV march.
Also #WhiteBlue @UGLE symbol @WaterOfLife = @JewDNADeath.
#ANTIMAGA Billy, you obviously missed the meeting or are watching #FakenewsCNN.  Military is there.
@realDonaldTrump is defining democracy consistent & true to public @BetsyDeVos. @AE911Truth @PilotsForTruth get funds OR 6:12 Jews Murdered.
rT.@paulkrugman 
These people never ever do the right thing until they're forced by external pressure
Fast response time, Sen Nelson. NOAA tracked for weeks before Hurricane Marie hit last week. This disaster was predicted! No excuses, action
even with spot on predictions, one can’t know exactly what mother nature will do, there are still trees + lights + signs down in #palmbeach

The cavalry doesn’t ever show up for brown people, neighbors do.
Sad
Try doing some basic research
Just think if we needed to get organized against n.korea in a hurry.   Totally disorganized.
Incompetence is rampant in Puerto Roci and @ricardorossello administration is at the center of it. Check it out
I can't understand 
Check florida
You are a senator.
You fund the "cavalry."
This is on you. 
Do something.
Nelson, go to PR and lead the charge. More action, no tweet!
That's what I say!
@realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump @jaredkushner WHERE IS THE DAMNED CALVARY????

The calvary never saved, they just slaughtered the other. We don't need a calvary, we need people who know how to resolve problems.

Between @HHSgov, @USNationalGuard, Commonwealth officials, & FEMA search & rescue—all PR municipalities have been reached. #Maria [: DVIDS] 
Why make this political Bill?  We can all read between your lines.......
Thank you Senator. I've been asking same question for 8 days. Major humanitarian crisis needs immediate response #PuertoRico

Well put Senator Nelson. Thank you. Now please say it in front of the cameras on every network. As VP Biden would say, this is a BFD!
I can drive a truck get a transport out of NYC I bet you'd get a massive amount of citizen drivers who wld volunteer @fema
already there or on the way. might want to check their sites USAF USN USA Coast Guard ALREADY THERE OR HEADED THAT WAY WITH HELP.
Not good enough and we share everything - it’s not the troops fault - they would have ALL been there days ago - saving lives if ordered
They’ve been there for a while.
MARTIAL LAW!what we waiting for
thats what needs to happen. The ppl of PR does not have Faith in the Corrupt Govt of PR.   Afraid that the assistance will not get to them
How do experienced drivers volunteer? Fema? Retired but have valid CDL/X Medical Cert expires Oct 4 so that needs to be HUP'd + Transport
Call NYS DOT--they are sending drivers. Maybe you can join them.
The Calvary that is disrespected every chance you Democrats get the chance. Your my Senator and your disgusting!
Let's Air Lift out the kidney dialysis patients. Get the gas & food distributed. Things are not working right now. Frustrating!!
Exactly Senator! Air Drops now - they sent @kentuckyguard - where are they ? They know how to do this !
It's the militaries job to defend the country. And also you clearly don't know what it takes to do an airdrop into a forest area
I keep wondering why our LEADERS such as yourself are asking questions and NOT SOLVING the PROBLEM?  Yes you tell us where they are????
Easier to criticize than do something like his hands dirty
You disrespect the military during NFL games. But you want them to clean up messes all over the world. Partisan hack you are Bill!
Allegedly being sent. Who knows.
Send the NFL they're all for justice right. Get those big strong guys out there! Aren't you for disrespecting our military Bill!
well, you're sitting in Congress & you ought to know!!
Not really, most military affairs don't concern the Congress. How ever I do know there are plans for Hurricane recover either in planning or underway.
True! Who you want me to call?
.The test of our progress is not _ those who have much; it is _ provide enough for those who have too little.
Gee I saw photos of just that!  By the way Bill you are my Senator. I want the Trump tax cuts!
Did Trump's delay in suspending the #JonesAct, &citing "Bussness" in yesterday's gaggle have anything to do w.
Thanks Sen. Nelson...they are in great need.
Ryan said we can't get trucks there... B.S. We can ship trucks anywhere in the world, but not P.R.???  What putz.
Actually its not our Militarys role but we can assist.  National guard 4K in PR use them ALL.
1-800-US MARINES
Lots of conflicting (dis?)info out on this. What needs to happen at this point? What's holding things up? Anything more we citizens can do?
Maybe someone needs to remind @realDonaldTrump that these are American citizens who shouldn't have to repay any aid received...
and he KNOWS ... PR has a GOVERNOR
@NYGovCuomo sent in drivers
Senator Nelson we better be ready because they’re all coming to Florida and we have to help
It's happening....STOP politicizing it !! Try writing a Bill that helps WE THE PEOPLE...and you better vote YES on tax reform !!!
And who are you to lob shots across the senators bow...?
They got Royal Caribbean instead
