These were Honorable Men who fought to preserve their own independent country not to preserve slavery. Stop your pandering.
Except it was not their independent country. Mexico was an independent country. Get a history book
Well following your logic then the United States was not an independent country it was part of Great Britain
It became an independent county when it won. If it had not WON then it would still be a colony. That is logic
So if you win you're a revolutionary and have your own country if you lose your a rebel and have nothing
Southerners are called rebels.They lost therefore they committed treason. They fought for the wrong reasons. Most southerners conscripted
They just wanted to have their own country and be left alone, back then Southerners considered themselves Virginians Texans Etc
That's because you don't want anyone to know they are all democrats
 This line might work on anyone who is unaware of the party value switch some years ago. Hopefully people are smarter than that.
Yes, the party switched from wearing white hoods to black ski masks
ignorance is abundant in today's world.
Yes it is
Dems don't want ppl to know they put the statues up & started the KKK.
Grandstanding? Please fix pain caused by Obamacare, Senator. FLA family  pays 1/4th of salary to h/c premiums w/deductible beyond reach.
Too late.  He's a Commie now.
Are you saying a cemetery is not a place of honor?
Hey Barry, the Commies are besieging America.
And the part of the museum they should be in is the part that talks about Jim Crow, lynchings, KKK, etc...

Shocking Commie!
Pathetic answer, as usual. Where will it stop since slavery goes back to the 1600's. Majority don't want these moved. Retire and go home.
Get to work Bill.. stop trying to play to the politically correct crowd!!
Just what I would expect from someone that signed a pledge to only serve one term and then drank the Koolaid.
Fund the wall senator do your job!
Bot
i am a Trump supporter,a veteran of US Navy,a moderate conservative who believes in God are u calling me a NAZI ??

Get with the Commies, Bill!
And remember " you can keep your doctor....period"
Then there is Mexico will pay for the wall and then we find out Trump@begged like a pauper to the Pres of Mexico to pay for it

No comment. Maybe we should include history books too
So you know best....typical elite politician stance...how dare you tell us what's best for us...try don't your job and repeal o'care
It was opposed by over 70% of country at time of passage.
I think we need to be a bit more thoughtful rather than reactionary.
Dave, Speak directly, sir.  Our nation is under seige.
And I'm saying let's not continue to stoke it. Deep breathes.
Have you been napping past 25 years ?
#EndDACA #NoAmnesty and stop offending Southerners.
Typical liberal.....you represent a southern state yet you go along with the bigoted hate of southern heroes - you sicken me!!
Sieg Heil. ..you Democrats want to dim our history. What next ? Burn books? Then may be people too.
Your agenda sucks.
And while this clown distracts you, this happened
So are you stating that museums or cemeteries are not honorable? If so, you're as ignorant as your party's agenda. What is honorable 2 you?
We disagree with your opinion on this. Another bad decision from you. Time for you to retire!
They are part of our history. They were fine where they stood.
You're the next thing that belongs in a museum.
Very true. If there really. They are a shame, not a source of pride. They lost the war, not only of humans fighting humans, but US vs US.
Thank you for speaking up Senator Nelson!
Then why did Dems put the statues up?
Bout damn time you speak up lol
Because, as a politician, people who hate the Constitution will damn Bill if he does, and damn him if he doesn't.
Wrong
The real Heroes in this are the people in Texas working day and night to HELP others!!
Thank You! I've stopped watching racist, Nazi supporters. God bless you.
B K Miiller, Palm Aire 33069
Barb the drunk traitor.
No, the Confederacy were the traitors. You have that backwards...Like your logic.
Idiot, liberal, anti-American.
No, just anti-treasonous scumbags fighting for the right to own people. And if you give me the "it wasn't about slavery" crap, ur blind bro.
Can't wait to see what's in the alinski play book after this
Your state voted for Trump, can you feel the voices of your opposition? Voting time is coming....
BUILD THE WALL
Are you trying to change our history?
Any statement on transgender ban and Arpaio pardon?
Better more thorough history education needed so young people know the difference and reason for those statues
Agreed. Have the issue voted upon and taken down within legal parameters.
Including those who fought for the Confederacy? Leave these memorials alone.
Bullcrap Nelson! Are you aware of a 1958 Federal Law that says it is illegal to disturb a monument or gravesite of any Veterans,
office 4 30yrs & crickets now just a base red herring u spoke 2day Haitian extension 4 2010 earthquake what about $ went 2 Chelsea wedding
How many years have you represented Floridians, 30 plus & now your seat is in serious jeopardy & you think this will help w/base yeah okay
Your sick.  AMERICANS need to know about history & LEARN from it. You have now gone too far to the left.
Last year it was OK, so what has changed.  Dems & media are stirring up a dangerous cocktail of hate, violence & disrespect for trad values
It just became an issue because idiots like you think it's an issue?
I feel threatened with any statue of MLK or Slave memorial. Now what?
Historical museums and cemeteries ARE places of honor. While you may disagree with the past you shouldn't attempt to blot it out or rewrite.
Did you get a bunch of FL voters telling you we wanted to change other States statues?  If so tell them to stick to FL business! You as well
Culture and History does not apply to white southerners, is that what your saying?
We are going to give our all to replace you.
You will have thousands of our constituents work for whomever runs against you, Billy. You no longer represent us.
Vote to keep all of them.
I beseech you, please, please build the wall. Please.

I totally agree
@SenBillNelson you belong in a NASA museum, not in the US Senate.
Certainly not a public place!
Thank you so much!!!!
Nonsense.  Americans had a huge argument 80 years after the founding. Both sides were American. They disagreed on issues and war ensued.
I was thinking the same thing about you #senatorBillNelson
I was thinking the same thing about you, @SenBillNelson—you should have been term limited a long time ago—
Please help us in St Aug where we are meeting resistance & threats.  Contact Rev. Rawls @ St. Paul's AME Episcopal Church, 85 MLKing, St.Aug
And people like u, gradually erasing parts of this country's history, don't belong in Senate. I won't make the mistake of voting for u again
ANTIFAS released Manifesto, belongs in FBI hands for calling for removal of the white race! This is genocide!
They should stay.do your http://job.contact  us
You belong in a museum.
I am beginning to think that all memorials and monuments belong in museums. They are a part of history. Let's put art in public places
Columbus statue out after 225 years.His crime was discovery of USA. Confederate statues just excuse.@espn takes Lee off game for name.Really
Neither do u belong in the senate
Totally agree Senator Nelson!
I disagree. Only preserve those of USA historical significance. Ones created after the war to preserve the CSA ideals should be destroyed.
Irrelevant to what problems Americans face. Jobs, healthcare, national security. Get with the program or lose your seat.
Thank you!  Bradenton Monument is being moved as commissioners decided today after s Peaceful protest Monday night.
Good to hear!
Democrats know no honor !
Shame on you Senator, during your entire political career you never complained. Now for your convenience you want to change history.
Who decides that, you? Your fascist nature is seeping through.
You may be right Bill but let the people talk about it and do things in an orderly way.
I agree
Those ignorant of history are doomed to repeat it...
The fact that they were placed in a certain location is also part of that statue's history.
Nelson you show you're a suck up again, the Civil War was fought over the North abusing the South states rights in the south, not slavery,
Democrats supported slavery than and still do today, welfare is their way of slavery today, keep you under controll with gov hand outs
Nothing like condoning lawlessness!
It's hilarious that so many Dem politicians are all of a sudden hysterically offended over something that they didn't care about 2 weeks ago
Thank you Mr Nelson. #25th Amendment
Any monuments to US generals in Georgia?  Perhaps a statue at Andersonville cementery .
Thank you.  Monuments to traitors whose images were put in place as an afront to decency and to emphasize Jim Crow.
Jim crow was of the democrats fool !
You have my support, Sen. Nelson.  This is a difficult topic right now.  I've watched you do the "right thing" countless times.
There goes your reelection...
After all these years in Washington and now you are against the statues?
Much of the South already IS a cemetery, so let's keep them there!
Hadn't bothered u for 50 years. Typical demo showboater. Right Yes man?
Switchover Commie for the liberal vote.
Thank you
As usual, you are on the wrong side of Floridians.  Please get off your butt and work for Floridians.  Your legislative history is abysmal

Retire
Thank you, Mr. Nelson!
Proud as a veteran to call you my senator, sir.
Yes that's right Senator Nelson just add fuel to the fire. I think you should be removed from Office you offend me.
Says the Democrat turncoat who's done nothing for a majority of Florida citizens.. Nelson must go!!
Our public places should be used to celebrate the heroes of the USA, not those who rose in open rebellion against our great nation.
Did you care about this 2 weeks ago? No? Then it doesn't matter
Yes Bill! Thank you for considering the entire community of people.
Nope. Not stupid and also not thinking of myself but of the diverse community of people that live in florida.
That don't believe in democracy, got it. Fascist.
Who doesn't believe in democracy. who is a fascist?
It's not a democracy. It is a democratic republic and if I have to explain the difference, yes you are stupid.
On to the fascist part? I only have so many characters.
How many years have you ignored this and all of a sudden you think there is a problem?? Incredible hypocrite !
Yes. Thank you. I agree.
Thank you!
Yes, yes, yes. Remember history without honoring those who fought to divide the United States.
Sorry Bill.  Disagree with you on this one.
Why were you okay with it for 60 years. Learn from mistakes don't repeat them. Teach respect. Just like FIFA is doing all over the world
Maybe they could surround Stone Mountain in Atlanta. It's a perfect fit.
Stone Mountain is beautiful but the anti-historians are trying to have it demolished also.
I'd like to think that having it recognized as a civil war walking museum/memorial and generating money,stone mount is not free,might appeal
Dude, you're a bit slow responding on this subject. And as Fla is a swirling soup of hate groups, you should be front, center & on the ball.
After all this time, why now? I am anti-Nazi, anti-white sup, anti-BLM an
#& anti-ANTIFA!!! Focus on terrorists groups and less on statues.
You have wonderful common sense.
@realDonaldTrump Sen Byrd was a grand pubs of the KKK. Remove HIS NAME off of every bldg and remove HIS statues..
Thanks, Sen. Nelson. I'm so glad you're one of my U.S. Senators. Keep up the good fight!
Over-educated Communist.
Democrats have always been about slavery even today, now they do it through welfare, food stamps and health care.
Sorry man but you own it now, that cesspool sank its claws into the GOP with the religious right David Duke is all yours.
You are toast in November 2018. Enjoy your retirement.
Why is this in quotes?
Indeed?
Remove every statue of everyone can't risk a single person being offended
Statues being there a long time, why they didn't protest when BHO was president! Disrupt, distract, delay, do anything to obstruct. Fnews
Your personal view, put it in the ballot and let voters decide! Not your view, majority rule, not the small minority decision. Stop pc rule
So what part of the confederacy do you want to celebrate? Owning slaves? Treason? Beatings? Rape? Which part of this is your heritage?
WHY? Because the Former "Racist Muslim Sympathizer 'n' Chief" said so?
Awwhhh sweet cheeks ---Somebody is pandering. WERE THESE STATUTES JUST PUT UP LAST MONTH?

Awwwhhhh.
