.@SenBillNelson Block the repeal of Planned Parenthood funding please & thank you!!
Yes and do not vote for devos. Please
I want to keep my Obamacare!!!!!!
many seniors and especially disabled don't have  $1000
Thank you!
ty , please let's keep ACA
#WeAreWatching @cspan @stevenmnuchin1 is NOT answering yes/no! Say NO to Goldman Sachs!
Please Don't let Trump touch social security or Medicare! Support Warrens conflict bill!
Please don't destroy my Obamacare!
I'm a senior. What's a donut hole?
.@SenBillNelson ThankU Asking @IndivisibleCD16 2call @marcorubio 4support S Con Res3 & @VernBuchanan Dionne misinformedMedicare Vote NO AHCA
Thank you!!
@MarilouGeorge we need more brother. Small measures won't work. We need more from you.
@SenateDems -- @stevenmnuchin1 CEO racist, illegal & UNFAIR foreclosures! Say NO to Goldman Sachs CEO! So much for DTS! 
I have ALS this is critical to my survival.
this bill would have been in 2014 xmas time
Please get rid of devos. She is unqualified. Please. Get more votes
Thank You!
Get YOUR Thumb--OUT OF YOUR REAR POSTIER-- America Is Waiting--Do Your Damn Job! CONFIRM TRUMPS CABINET!!!
THEN VOTE AGAINST Trump's HHS Cabinet Pick!
Thank you.  Please encourage collegues to VOTE NO on Devos.  Protect disabled childen; she will dismantle dept to shift $
At the very least, boycott Trump's inauguration. Stand up for your loyal constituents and America!
Congress passed a bill that gives 119 million Americans the chance to collect on "consumer rebate checks" .
Please do not Repeal ACA
Thanks for this effort.Sadly just saw all GOP Senators  vote against.They aren't going to be happy w/public response on this!
you must stop republicans from taking healthcare SS Medicare Medicaid
demand ethics. Evaluation of nominees we cannot afford further deception
what about the hundreds of thousands Florida citizens being targeted by your party to lose ACA! Talk about that fact!
Thank you for looking out for Medicare recipients.
Please continue to fight for the Democrats in Florida. Don't repeal ACA. Stop Sessions, Tillerson, Devos, Flynn, et al. TY!
Please buy wholesale. Medicare Freshman. Medicare Sophomore. Medicare Junior. Medicare Senior. Buy in Bulk. Medicare 4 all.
as a FL resident I am depending on you to resist the dangerous and oppressive Trump agenda
Keep up the good work senator, in you  we know  we have a champion for less  fortunate
Thank you!
I am definitely for this. Do better in the gun legislation and please fight against Mr. Sessions confirmation.
meanwhile in YOUR state you go releasing sensitive information about the shooter to gain political points!
finally! Haven't seen u in a while. Left many messages. What r u gonna do to #impeachtrump #stopsessions #ResistTrump
50% savings in the hole doesn't limit total out of pocket if emerge B4 reset.
keep the good work and keep fighting for the peoples of Florida
Why didn't Scott contact our President,Obama??
thank u plus stop them from repealing the Affordable care Act until they have a suitable replacement
I am so proud to call you my senator.  You really "look out" for the people!
way 2 go
Repeal Obamacare and make sure you vote to
Thank you!
just heard you on CNN. "High caliber rapid fire assault weapon". Thank you for showing your ignorance on firearms.
It's not ignorance. #gunsense types like @SenBillNelson intentionally lie and mislead to push their agenda.
@bubbabootylish
u got the Lauderdale incident wrong according to a passenger at the bagage claim.  hold off with press until u get it right
Pls fight against GOP repeal of ACA without a plan in place for health coverage. Care via ER is no plan. #HealthInsurance
my medicare supplement went from 300 a month to 800 a month with ACA.  fk ACA.
Useless legislation. What counted was a signature on a contested EC vote. You have failed us Bigly
Sen Bill Nelson, Just watching U On MSNBC NEWS Re Intel, Great Job Representing The American People!
I do not want my tax $'s used to build a wall, fence or whatever bigoted Trump wants to call it.
Already checking drug prices in MEXICO for a friend!
where and when will the rally for healthcare be on january 15?
repeal this.... what are we doing to make sure we don't let this joke become president?
please investigate Russian ties to Trump and his financial conflicts of interests.
thank you senator.
Thank you for this.  Now, more than ever, your voice of dissension needs to be heard.
thank you senator pls fight for us! We need PP and ACA
Agreed. The Dems we will support in 2018 will be the ones who speak out the loudest against Trump.
We'll support ALL CONGRESSMEN & WOMEN who make HISTORIC decisions to MAGA! ASAP
Thank you for standing up for these seniors. Appreciate all you do.
Good for you! On behalf of my parents, I appreciate it!
ObamaScare has got to go. Get over it and get on the #TrumpTrain  The People have spoken, you should listen Chooo Chooo #MAGA
thank you sir! Keep up the good fight. We are with you!!!
Senator Nelson We know we can count on you and other Democrats to do what you can to try to keep GOP frm exploiting Americans
Thank you!!!
What is going to happen to us in FLorida that use Obamacare if they repeal it. We will not be insured?  SAD....
Thank you.
Thank you for standing with us!
Forgot you even existed since your last election.
Thank you!
Are you part of the swamp in DC, or will you get on board with America? Your choice now. In 2018, it will be our choice!
Thank You
#IncreasetheMinimumWage A Strong Economy is a Bottom Up economy.When the poorest have extra$we benefit, the rich offshore it.
thank you senator, no to dismantling ACA, yes to investigating Russian interference in US election.
Bill in case you forgot. Trump won Florida. Get onboard or out of the way. Follow schumer to the unemployment line.
So u dont give shit about seniors? Whats a priority 4 u, tax cuts for the rich? I thought trump was for the people?
You go Senator!
