Where does all this money coming from, Senator?  $20 trillion dollars in debt federally, and $125 billion in just Florida.
You should ask the GOP, which just passed a budget resolution allowing for a tax cut to the wealthy that adds a trillion dollars to the debt
Really, now.  Just the GOP?
When a party gives lectures on fiscal responsibility, then passes tax cuts that add a trillion dollars to the debt? Yeah, that's relevant.
Why did you vote against Budget ?  Do you need Schumer’s permission to wipe ?
Because it's a tax cut for the wealthy that adds a trillion dollars to the debt, which isn't the least bit fiscally responsible.
Ask Schumer if you can move out of your trailerpark dummy
"I have no grasp of policy or response so I will respond with insults I think are clever."
Once again, you have not responded with policy details or anything sane, so I have to asusme you're a paid troll.
I got your troll right here
"I cannot justify exploding the debt to pay for a tax cut for the wealthy, so I will dodge that by using this photo." Good day!
But he said today that Texas and Florida were humming along like a “well oiled machine” Hmmm.....
Give me a break Miss whatever that F stands for I could think of a few things. You have no idea what a well-oiled machine looks like
It stands for go F#@k yourself Matt-Bot drumph can stick his well oiled machine up his ass where all his lies come from
Awwww really? I think I’m pretty cute! So does my handsome husband.
I seriously doubt that. But to each his own I'm happy for you that somebody in this world would take you. It must be your  personality
Maybe you should think about this. Unsustainable debt.
$20,423,370,425,348.89 (-) #NationalDebt
GOP just passed tax cuts for the wealthy that add to the debt.
Tax cuts bring revenue and jobs.  See 1982 through 1990.  #RonaldReagan
We have lots of info demonstrating that trickle down doesn't work. Adding a trillion to the debt with that theory in mind is irresponsible.
The plan cuts taxes to small business stimulating the economy and the middle class. "Tax cuts to the wealthy" is an inaccurate talking point
Thank you.
Thank you Senator!
Again @SenBillNelson you are awesome. Always lookin out for us. Can’t thank you enough
Thank you @SenBillNelson! Make sure to hold fast on your Committee against the GOP @FCC & @AjitPaiFCC attacks on #NetNeutrality @freepress
Thank you Senator! My ggg grandfather,  John A. Cellon, had the 1st citrus nursery in FL.  Proud of this industry & it needs disaster $ !
Fire whoever wrote this tweet for you. Blackmail & extortion? This doesn't help Floridians.
Anything to protect your campaign contributions !  right !
REALLY?Is that also WHY you are Blocking the tax form as well ?
They're doing tax "reform" via reconciliation, which means they don't need a majority of votes. That tax reform is tax cut for the wealthy.
(and it also adds a trillion dollars to the debt)
I live in Jacksonville and I support @realDonaldTrump 100%.
RIDICULOUS!!!!  Blackmailing Government & preventing us from having a government that works???  I'm a Florida Farmer voting NO on this!!!
Can you push for the 25th Amendment to be acted upon. We need to stop his nonsense
Good job!
How dare you Sir... Wait so long to assert some checks and balances that are the inherent right of the US Senate.
Most of 45's nominees should have been blackballed. They are almost all incompetent scoundrels.
Well that certainly says a lot about how you play in the Washington sand box doesn't it?
Your Fake Sir.  Keep tweeting...we know
Please use your blue-slip privilege to block U.S. Attorney candidate who interviewed with him. She would preside over Mara Lago. Suspicious.
WAAAAA!!! If you don't do what I want, I'll take my ball and go home. You socialist jack wagon, do what's right for America not your party.
Grow up,we are not on a playground.STOP the tit for tat. Work with @realDonaldTrump FL is my state & this just hurts us all! #yeamedownhere
A repugnant way to have to govern. Florida voters need to remember @realDonaldTrump and his actions
Thank you Senator Bill Nelson for always thing about Florida and Floridians, I hope you can get others to go along with you to block h/noms
Senator, Congress (your branch) is the branch that appropriates money, not the President. Quit justifying your obstruction with lies.
Thank you Senator! Always looking out for Florida!
Sorry not good enough, Senator Nelson!  You and other dems need to be doing much much more!  Our democracy depends on it!
Fine little citizen that you be!
Where's the government supposed to get all this money Bill? Raise taxes? Its the leftist way! Meanwhile you want to hold nominees! DIRTBAG!
There's that leftist bipartisanship or should I say extortion! Nevermind ALL the other disasters this year. You want to make things worse!
This sounds like a bailout of wealthy Florida land owners at the tax payers expense.  Corporate welfare?
I am sure the hold you place was there long before this
Speaking of disaster $, an 8 mile/8 hour line today to get Food For Florida $ in Lake Worth. This is WRONG. Do something. #saltonwound #help
gets campaign money from Fla citrus growers.What makes U think #Trump would gives us money.U will not give him #Healthcare 
Sad day when extortion is thought of as democracy.
Excellent!
I expect you to stop obstructing and to take a seat at the Presidents “table” and negotiate what you can for Florida
We sent to Washington NOT to obstruct and play politics are you for Florida or the Democratic Party?
I'd love to hear Adam Putnam's defense of that move!
I cant wait until Rick Scott takes your job in 2018.
The only way you could do this is to hold up progress somewhere else?
Yet, you have no problem voting against saving the Dems failing healthcare system or tax reform for all citizens.
Ah! I see it's politics as usual.
Please don't approve any of his unqualified nominees
You are what’s wrong with America
Good move
I live in Florida and have seen news reports that damage is not as bad as they were expecting. Just saying.  Are they not able to carry ins?
You dont believe him do you?
Thank you for fighting for our citrus growers. There are so few left.
Wish I could vote against Ol Bill, he stinks on ice!
Wait. Why are we bailing people out that refused to buy insurance? If I don't insure my car and wreck it, am I getting a federal bail out?
Plan B!
Thank you for all you do for our state and country.
As usual Bill Nelson fails Florida.  November is in a week!
Thanks Bill. Keep up the good work!
Good for you!
You’re doing God’s work. You can be at peace.
Hey senator - ppl in the Keys are getting ins claims denied. Why have insurance if you can’t use it? Can you help??? #DoTheRightThing #Irma
Finally, something we can agree on. Good work.
Seems your the only Florida senator fighting for Floridians
Thank you!
Thank you for watching out for us Floridians!!!
A fine example of why Congress polls lower than rectal bleeding. And I live in FL.
Like a Boss, Sir!
Good job. I’m a republican but what’s right is right.
Bridenstine?
Excellent!
Hold all nominees til his impeached
Thanks Senator Nelson....that's the way to do it!
Thanks you ass  stop fighting the president  and fight our REAL enemies you  partisan back
You gotta do what you gotta do with these jokers
Good. Put a hold on ALL his nominees. They are trash!
Keep the pressure on.
Your a real ass take care of your donation base And we bend over thanks .
Bill you're a great guy, but big Ag gets enough handouts in FL. They'll be fine....
Thanks for showing our state's Ag community love!
Retire
Oh look! It's a BOT
I’m glad politics is not personal,I can sleep better at night.  If this sounded sarcastic it is.
But but but Chuck Schumer says Trump Administrations hasn’t put 70 cabinet/ambassador nominees forward for confirmation! Here, try this.
Thank you @SenBillNelson. It’s a comfort to know that we can count on you.
The asshole is under investigations for God's sake! He's a corrupt fake president.  Don't confirm another damn nominee for this illegal!
You already have been you ass! And I'll remember that next November as well!
Thank you Senator Nelson for standing for all Floridians and our economy. As Ronald Reagan said "Trust but verify".
Thank you Senator! You'll get my vote again.  TY for working for US.
Mine too! So appreciative of all that you do for FL.
U won’t get my vote
Are you voting for the budget? You are http://weak.You  voted against repeal of Obamacare & have damaged our family.We pay full price
Counting the days until I can vote for anyone running against you!
Thank you! Hope our junior senator @marcorubio cares as much.(?)
Nope. He only cares about party and donors. Look at his record.
Agreed.
Politics as usual Bill?
Genuine question: has a tactic like this ever worked for you? “No _____ for me = no unrelated-________ for you?”
Though I live in Florida it is not the only state in union You are a United States Senator and should do what’s necessary to progress agenda
But his job is to represent the interests of the state of Florida, not just "progress an agenda"
How many disasters have we had this year? They can make FEMA claims like anyone else. He wants subsidy so he can get campaign contributions.
When are you going to STOP BEING A DEMOCRAT and become an AMERICAN FIRST? Hopefully u r gone in 2018!
Personally, I think the big giant orange one will beat her to it.
Is he related to "God damn America, I'll get even"McCain? Term limits
What the hell? Stop gumming up the works with your petty “resist” crap.
Don't be such a politician!  Don't you realize we all voted for Trump because he isn't a politician?
Except we didn't all vote for Trump. So there's that. Thank you Sen. Nelson.
Put hold? There is no nominee to give senator.
