Who killed #SethRich? Why don't the Dems want to know?
I cannot believe Trump still tries to diffuse the Russia gate investigation and there is not a strong United democratic counter offensive.
Mueller must recuse himself, just like Sessions.  Law says even a hint of a relationship should cause Mueller to recuse himself.
Sen Nelson, thank you for your thoughts. Your tweeting is improving your #of followers. Your up 2k, now at almost 61k followers.
Thank you for being the only Florida Senator taking America's side in our fight with Russia!
lol fake news!
He's a clintonite and will do nothing to investigate there crimes into play I can't believe you're falling for it
Mueller past conduct shows corruption. Assisted Hillary in sale of 20% uranium to Russia. This is Witch Hunt. Open your eyes.
He's a freindnof Comey.  Hope he can be partial.
As long as he investigates HRC campaign. Podesta, and the democratic party admitting to interfering in the election
Great to see you on MSNBC just now!
I'm sure along the way it will show you are useless for florida
Mueller should start by subpoenaing tax returns. Then, should establish obstruction of justice and #impeachTrumpnow
Hey Billy. When all your avenues run dry hope u plan to reopen Hillary 7 confirmed felony investigation
Be careful what you wish for. The road may just lead to your hero HRC.
CHURCHES VIOLATED FARA LAW BY BEING 86% OF HIS DONATIONS AS A FOREIGN ENTITY..THUS INFLUENCED OUR ELECTION N THEN HAD CHURCH N STATE REMOVED
Well, he has certainly proven that independent fairness in the past. He's a BSer and a puppet for the bankers.
Why are u wasting taxpayer money on fake news???
What planet are I from ??? He is so bias !!!
What part of #Mueller, a BFF of Comey's, hiring a Clinton Fndn attorney & Clinton donors for SC staff doesn't strike you as non-independent?
Mr. Nelson, you can't sit here and tell me there is NO CONFLICT of interest given that Mueller and Comey are buddies. Cut the crap
Who worked with & for Russia? @HillaryClinton did!
He is such a democrat!!!
I'm voting you out next voting season more & more Floridians are waking up & getting involved bye bye bill
Mueller is a set up.  He is too close to Comey.  Comey called him his friend & mentor.  He is also advocate for the FBI, can't be impartial!
Nice job promoting the witch hunt Bill. Fact: FBI has been investigating "Collusion" for 10 months and NO EVIDENCE. Clinton LOST give it up!
Quite wasting our money and time. We have major issues. We need you working together to give all America's residents prosperous life
He also is a democrat and Muslim!!! How sad for America!   You need to be investigated!
Senator, please tweet more. Your voice needs to be heard. Tweeting increases followers. Rubio has 2 million followers. Dems need your voice!
The truth needs to come out - one way or the other.  We can't turn just turn a blind eye.
yes back to clinton and obama the  you will squeal like the little girl you are billie
Like they're going to let him. Republicans are so afraid of what's going to come out. I'm sick of this admin & no1 is taking the lead.
Thank you for calling for a Special Prosecutor when it mattered most and not waiting until after the fact. Thank you for listening to us!
Bet it leads to nothing to see hear. Unlike Dems he believes in truth, evidence, facts.
Yup. Including to the many scandals of Clinton and Obama. Ooops
And a waste of millions of dollars of taxpayer money because this entire charade is a political witch hunt and will find nothing.
Can Mueller truly be independent & unbiased? He worked in Bush/Obama eras, saw much unconstitutional moves; didn't do much to stop them!
Do some work please.   #ThankYou
I'd bet you change your mind if those facts lead to Clinton/Obama or other corrupt Democrats.
follow right into the DNC and Clinton slush funds.  Cant wait!
I'm more hopeful.  I hope the president can't fire him.  Thanks you.  You do a great job.
Yes, and they could lead many places that have nothing to do with Trump & his administration.
Glad you support following the facts wherever they lead. Look at the evidence HRC & the Clinton Foundation was involved with Russia.
Thank you, from one of your constituents.
Hopefully they'll include Hillarys dealings with the Russians as well. I just know you would support that!
I support the appointment of Mueller to follow all the Russian involvement with our POTUS Candidates & must include both Trump and Clinton.
U fraud
You're really taking care of us, Senator. More like taking care to keep yourself in the Senate for a couple more years. I don't believe you.
You stood with @POTUS for his *healthcare* reform & now you're calling for a Russian investigation? Talking out both sides of your mouth.
Thank you, sir. We only want truth & fairness
But can he tell the difference between evidence, hearsay and anonymous sources ?  I notice that the media wing of the democrap party can't.
Thank you sir. Florida pols come and go like sand, but you are our regolith.
Everyone please note that Sen Nelson did not say that Mueler would be bi-partisan. Leaving room for a future complaint. Political hack!
Thank you Sen Nelson. You put country first 
pass a law-isn't that what you do?and,If we all help one another, we dont need cops down here
And you had the authority to be a good man, but choose to obstruct this President. 2018!
Melody what are you talking about? Do you know about Trump's History? Go read about it. #Trumptards
So, since you attacked me personally with your hash tag, I will now block you.
R u stupid Dems going to finally shut up, when Mueller comes up empty Handed? That will happen, unless u ppl plant something. So dishonest.
Just wished Republicans would grow a pair and demand the investigation would include Hillary and the Clinton Foundation involvement.
Agree with you 100%. Can't let them get away with what they've done.
You're in my district WHEN R U HAVING YOUR TOWN HALL? Q: WHY didn't you FIX Obamacare? You're a do nothing but stonewall. You're GONE
Absolutely!He MUST follow ALL leads to Russian interaction with ALL Americans, Congress, businessmen as well He will find some evidence :)
That just means impeachment is years away
We hope not. But any move in the right  direction will help.
I guess people from the deplorables need to come see some of these dems senate
Drain the SWAMP !!! In 2018 the SWAMP gets some fresh water !!!
Again thank you for leading with openness, looking for truth!
Thank you, Senator Nelson. We you.
Thank you Senator Nelson for standing up for what is right.
And I know you support this!  Yay!
Yes investigate everything including Hillary Clinton
#FollowTheMoney! #RELEASEtaxRETURNS!
Wow our Senator spoke!!!!!!!!
yes he blatheted like the senile old fool he is
When are we going to do fast and furious,Obama's illegal surveillance,Beghazi, or irs scandal!!!
Count me in
We need to demand that Hilary be prosecuted
Thank you, Senator! Let's hope a just resolution can be attained
And once a conclusion is in favor of the President, the Lib Dems need to stop lying
They will find that the democrats violated government security protocols, allowing hackers easy access to sensitive information
I call bullsh** #NEWELECTION
good you take interest in this most important matter.
let's hope it's not a coverup.
Thanks, Bill. Keep fighting the good fight.
But will your temper tantrumd and BS stop if notjing is found ... sick of this  ... I stand with @POTUS
Thank you for your leadership.
Thanks Bill. 
