How about the 34 million who had theirs taken away so you increase Medicaid to those 24 million???
Support your president!
@SenBillNelson Sir, pls support national CCW permit reciprocity. As a Floridian, it's a travesty that I cannot choose to protect my family.
If you fail to take advantage of public education, and fail to strive diligently to excel in a vocation, then expect to go without services.
Sir, are you saying we are free to do what we want and can live with the results of our actions?  Amazing idea. Living free isn't easy.
Of course it's not easy.  Try taking care of your family AND millions of others who choose to make bad decisions. Must one pay for others?
Charities/ not govt is the answer for those who had terrible luck or want to change. We will take care of those. No to hand outs!
Who is taking it away?  I thought people were being asked to pay for a service they receive?
And those of us with pre-existing conditions will lose our ability to afford coverage with states allowed to make exceptions to protections.
If you vote for it, you participate in it.  

No more giving yourself raises & benefits.

Appreciate your action in these matters.
@theDemocrats need to be honest about this, Americans PAYING Obamacare premiums cannot afford healthcare due to high deductibles!
Focus>KEEP MEDICAL COSTS DOWN. Should be law against for-profit health insurance corps(no more publicly traded shareholder health insurance)
AVMED is very good example of not-for-profit health insurance company.
Americans should have the same HC we provide govt!
But many of their insurance choices are from Wall Street. We need to keep HC dollars for HC, not give profits away to insurance shareholders
When govt works for insurance companies & all corporations they will never work for us. Sad but true.
TY for not forgetting us, doing the right thing even when it's not easy, YOU truly do belong as our Senator!! GREAT JOB!!!
working in health for 20 yrs Obamacare is awful for patients and dar
GOP shovel ready for the poor, sick & elderly.
It's also wrong to burden the people of Florida with Trump's visits to his estate. Eminent domain to make it a gov. facility
It was also wrong for Congress to shove the ACA down our throats -- it was designed to fail to allow government to take over health care!
obamacare creates redundant paperwork and forms overregulation taking away from care
Anyone with a brain should vote you out for only representing yourself and your fascist free speech suppressing party.  Good riddance.
.@SenBillNelson There is NO "right to vote" under the U.S. Constitution.  As a Senator you should know this.  Disappointed in your ignorance
it's also wrong for the government to mandate an American to buy something they may not want. Ever read the Constitution?
Brian--you can pay the tax rather than buy health insurance.  Taxes are a way of life.  Car ins is req'd in FL
It was deemed a tax to get it through Congress. Its a penalty. Car ins is required but you can CHOOSE not to drive.
You can't choose to NOT have ins without being penalized by the non-tax (penalty).
I agree even when a man broke every law involves in the safty of Barack @BarackObama  and his family in mac Dill 2010
It is wrong to make me buy a fraudulent product.
It will bankrupt us or kill us
Insurance companies are leaving states. Some working families have no choice. Some have very high premiums & deductibles. #AHCA
So ur talking about Obamacare now!
You don't represent Florida you pathetically follow the fanatical fascist alt left. You mimic their Circle Jerk talking points like a dummy.
It was unconstitutional to mandate people buy a product, and wrong to change the rules to make it a tax. Get a clue!
Insurance companies are pulling out of ACA. Need workable , real world solutions. #AHCA @marcorubio
How will FL keep insurance companies here w/so many seniors needing so much care? Get Medicare to cover higher %. #AHCA @marcorubio
#Resist and #VoteNoAHCA We need your help and will be watching how you vote!
Get on board.....repeal obamacare.....a fiscal disaster....this is your last term of office....be bigger than the dem party
Janine--There is money to Increase military spending but none to fund ACA? AHCA is not an improvement to ACA.
We borrow hundreds of billions for DOD, DHS and health care....does the fed govt really need to spend $3T and only collect $2T...forever?.
I have been talking to restaurant WORKERS, construction WORKERS, salon WORKERS.... They are ALL against OB/Care because it is TOO EXPENSIVE!
You ought to know...how many  are without healthcare because of Obummercare? I meet them every week. Costs?? Outrageous premium increases!!
No one is taking health insurance from anyone. People have a choice to buy or not. Govt has no rights in my health care
So happy with your vote today against Gorsuch nomination!
OBAMACARE was / is NOT about health ins. It is a TAX!
You and your party on its sore looser vote not voting yes on Gorsuch, just convinced me to vote republican 2018!
Florida is not a medicaid expansion state.  your numbers are as fake as you are.  i voted for you.  never again!
Bill you are making false allegations. You have distorted the truth just like all the rest of your liberal friends.
Represent tour State, not Schumer. We voted for Trump so he could appoint a solid conservative to the Court. Ok Gorsuch or we'll vote u out!
It's wrong to jack my rates up 300%! Moving back to fl, and will work to unseat your butt! Mistake years ago to put you in!
Read Constitution...Health Ins/Care is not a right. Medicaid/Medicare for poor,disabled & Seniors....Medicaid to the states. FreeMarket ^5
It was wrong to take away our doctors & hospitals & send our premiums through the roof. Come on.
..it's wrong to provide healthcare to millions of illegals that decide to enter the country. You made that possible
Instead of scolding those who give sacrificially to the country, why don't democrats EVER challenge the bad behavior of those who only take?
It is wrong to take away large amounts of money from workers to pay for services for others who willfully choose to make poor life choices.
It is wrong to let our Supreme Court be without a justice because of partisan politics when there is a clearly qualified candidate.
Don't you mean approximately 7% of the population.  Not a whole lot of people.  You can't fix everyones world, they need to.
it's wrong to force people into buying insurance. How many are illegal anyways?
It was also wrong for the politicians to lie to us about it. Save 2500? keep plan? keep doctor? Stop playing politics and do something
And you Billy, need to get on board with the middle class and repeal/replace obamacare. Remember who elected you. Cooperate or your fired!
It is wrong that I work my ass off to pay for other people's health care. At least 2/3 of the 24 mil need to get a job.
My ill wife can't go to a doctor because we r poor. And don't qualify for insurance. Help fix it before we die!
With all respect Mr. Nelson, you've been around. I'm a liver transplant patient and don't make enough to qualify my wife and I for insurance
BS!!! My private insurance was cancelled by ObamaCare. 10 MM of the 24 MM "newly" insured are not such. Repeal ACA, get me my old insurance!
...your old insurance is gone forever...your problem is with the insurance companies, you've only been brainwashed to think the prob is ACA
would it be wrong to make it better?
Vote for #NeilGorsuch @SenBillNelson up for re-election in 2018 in RED state Florida! 
#OustNelson2018
#ConfirmGorsuch 
#SCOTUSnominee
@MikeRumbo66 @SenBillNelson @SenBillNelson Good tactics!
Confirm Gorsush already and stop wasting time. Time is taxpayer money. I voted for u, but I will think 2x now.
If you vote against Gorsich expect to be voted out in your next election. Good riddance to a real bore.
mos people in florida ask months ago what has bill nelson done to florida? we still cant come up with one damn thing u need to retire
u voted to take close to a trillion dollars away from medicare so u screwed the seniors, u forced 13 million ono the ACa who didnt want it
It's even worse to betray Florida voters. Vote YES for Neil Gorsuch. Do the RIGHT thing for America & your constituents.Florida is watching.
please support Venezuelan people, I voted for you, Venezuelan people need help.
It's also wrong for you to be a partisan dupe of Chuck Schumer. You're a pathetic disgrace to approve a filibuster of a qualified judge. Sad
Time to go, no longer put country first, only party first. This will result in your last year in 2018!
We R in danger! We need military tribunal for #TrumpRussia? Plz ask US military to declare #MartialLaw to try #HighCrimes & #HangTraitors
Playing dem game rather than whats good for the country, have you ever voted outside party line, to not vote for Gorsuch is Schumers rule
It is wrong to FORCE your constituents to buy health ins. My insurance premium is $1700 a month. $20,400 a year! A $5,000 deductible!
So, who will pay 4 all this health care? Florida will have 2, and our good doctors will leave 4 better pay #TrumpWonFlorida
There 330 million people in the US.  What about the rest of us who can't afford or insurance?!
24 million who were mandated by O'care..are NOT people having insurance pulled from them. Don't be a stooge.
@thehill Ignore extremist groups pressuring Senators to blow up Senate rules on Gorusch. Reject that nonsense - no filibuster
It's wrong to have the cost of their health insurance premiums increase four fold under Obama Care.
It's wrong to force American's buy something or face a peanalty.  

Its wrong to play on people's emotions.
You,re such a #TOOL ! VOTE YES for #gorsuch ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #trump #retiresenbillnelson
Obama care was worse!
Older Floridians need to unite and remove this left-wing nut from office.
partisan position on SCOTUS just cost you another vote. Expected more from you. Disappointed.
You will not stop Gorsuch. We don't need ur votes. We are the majority.That being said, fillibuster this.
It's wrong to make people who work...to make them pay for it.
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch, I thought "give him a chance" until watching all of the confirmation hearings.Not comfortable
You are supporting Schumer, a committed socialist whose only goal is to obstruct Trump
You opened up a can if worms by your comment
How about the people that are "footing the bill" for everyone else?
take away healthcare, care to explain why my Fl ins. went up 300% to keep my doctors and thats with subsidy U r disconnected
no backbone, always vote the party line, just an excuse not to vote for Gorusch, cant wait for 2018, u lost my vote!
I wouldn't ask you to vote for Gorsuch. You've never done the right thing!
Well you own it all now Bill. Let's see what you can do without Obamas butt to kiss. You've never been anything but a yes man
thanks for supporting and fixing ACA!! Make sure Trump doesn't try to destroy it bit by bit.
congrats on NOT supporting Gorsuch!!! U are hero!!!
It is also wrong to not make changes that make healthcare available to the millions of us that lost insurance because of the un-ACA
Is wrong that the ACA ruin my employer healthcare! You took from peter(taxes) to give to paul.  Also Gorduch needs a vote!
Insurance IS NOT A RIGHT!!!! All your liberal views do is create hate and spread your liberal racist thoughts
The #VA is government run healthcare. How's that working out?
Your job is to represent constituents in florida, you do nothing but tow the party line, 
2018 will remedy that !
it is wrong to force people to pay for other people's health insurance.
im definitely voting AGAINST you in 2018, you're a dinosaur and its time to go.
Lying again.
No Bill, what is wrong is forcing people to purchase health care plans they cannot afford to use. Wrong, evil, immoral, etc.
Blah Blah Blah that's scare tactic. I'm a senior I don't buy it ! After the last 8 yrs I don't buy anything you say
Fine but its also wrg to filibuster Judge Gorsuch. You all voted for him before suddenly he is unacceptable? obstructionist
I hope you're voted out next election. It's time
Fear mongering and lies
you are nothing but a potted plant and spout talking points. Why don't you have an original thought? VOTE YES 4 GORSUCH
Amen, Sen Nelson. Thanks for ur willingness to fight cruel #TrumpCare. And thanks for ur willingness to #FilibusterGorsuch 
Thank you, for all you do to protect all of us.  Please continue to stay strong.  We stand with you.
you will be voted out of office fool
Insurance coverage and healthcare are not the same thing. If you want to give better healthcare, get govt out of it.
It is also "wrong" to force someone to buy a product they don't want. You have a point?
The portion of that 24M who are paying for EVERYONE begs to differ with you. We liked ins we had before you all interfered
Welfare under another name is all it is..and you have working people paying through the nose to provide it. Great Job!
It's also wrong to jack up health care costs for the rest of us to pay for those 24 million, who are using the ER anyways
Hey Bill it's because they aren't FORCED 2 buy Ins! Increasing high costs of Government Taxpayer Paid Obamacare is failing!!!
Please start using your twitter to keep us informed. Double your followers!!!!!
will you support Sen Sanders' bill to make Medicare for all? It's the only way to reduce healthcare costs.
Vote no on Gorsuch for both confirmation & cloture or else you will be primaried in 2018.
merrick garland. Just think of that if you decide to say yes.
just as it was wrong to destroy my health insurance with ACA!
As a RN Case Manager I see daily the effects of high cost on Seniors in Fl. Very little assist in this state or the nation!!
VOTE NO ON GORSUCH!! FILIBUSTER HIM MAKE THEM GO NUCLEAR
Why are you not tweeting. You need to be heard from on social media!!!!
and this is the wrong way to take away people's privacy.
You don't even know what u are talking about!
Please NO on Gorsuch, we the ppl in your district do not want a conservative on the bench! He wouldn't answer Dems questions!
please don't vote Gorsuch! We don't need a conservative on the bench! I'm in your district and I vote!
he is abusing his power by going to Florida using his property and we taxpayers have to pay the bill!
while you are all talking about healthcare. The thug has moved on to war! Keep up! War means !
all the rich thugs the president brought in with him gotta go. They don't have our best interest in mind. Only money interest
please tell me why the president is still making decisions when he is under investigation?
Impeach him!
so thankful today ! #SavetheACA
You didn't even read it .. did u?
; Thank you for doing what's right for your constituents & our the country.
Yes, Sir, it is. Especially life-saving preventive procedures like mammograms
why aren't you out and doing more PR on reg media?  Everyone knows Rubio. Work to let us know you're working
Even the CBO says they scored it wrong we the people are done with Obama commie care if gov is involved it is communism
.@SenBillNelson we just called. We are against the health care bill. We need your voice now! It does not protect essential health benefits.
Thank you for standing up for real Americans, Senator!
Please vote NO to AHCA! Please encourage the House to vote NO!
Last year $575 for Obamacare, this year $624/month for Obamacare; it didn't work for me. HELP!#repealandReplace
I'm sorry about that-pls understand it's INS COS greed creating that. GOP pols refusing to properly fund it.
vote to repeal and replace. We will remember who does what!!
- hope you enjoy your upcoming retirement because voters will make that happen
this trumpcare is nonsense. Keep up the good fight.
- We and most medical and insurance pros agree with you. Thank you! But what will @marcorubio vote?
Did U Fight Fl GovScott for Medicaid Coverage? What about SSI & Medicaid 4 Disabled Children?Visit Miami Childrens Hospital!
you got that right resist trumpcare and gorsuch
IT WAS WRONG TO MESS WITH EVERYONE'S HEALTH INSURANCE IN THE FIRST PLACE.  EVERY DEM WHO VOTED 4 IT SHLD BE JAILED.
VOTE NO TO TRUMPCARE
Please Senator do not vote Yes for all Fl. But 50-60yr old will pay more What about the tax break for millionaires? Wrong
it's not just seniors. The disabled will also be greatly affected! Please vote NO!
Respectively, @SenBillNelson, it was #wrong to triple my insurance... you didn't even read the #ACA! Get your hands out of my pocket!
Stand strong and vote No tonight on the repeal of the #ACA!
If Gorsuch is confirmed, it will affect our country for decades. Why would you do this to your constituents? #StopGorsuch
Senator, why are you not using your twitter feed. We need to hear from you!!!!!!! Use this format....build up your followers
Vote NO on #Gorsuch. Work for independent investigation #TrumpRussia treason mess. #DemocracyInDecline
#VeteransAgainstTrump
YES! I am SCOTUS JP Stens' bridge partner At Pompano Bridge Club. He's told me he thinks Obama should sue Trump.
vote "yes" on today's health bill.  We need to fix this health bill
It's Wrong and Unconstitutional 2 Force Citizens 2 Buy a Product they don't want in the guise of a "Tax"! Free Mkt Solutions.
Time to change ACA. My sister & her husband cannot afford health insurance. Return to free market & allow sales across states
you are lying and you know it - the only people that liked Obamacare are the ones that got it for free - doesn't include me!
it's wrong to steal SCOTUS from successful POTUS & give it to con Trump, who stole our election! Block illegitimate #Gorsuch
I hope you plan to block Gorsuch! This seat belongs to Garland!
now you sound like a real senator!
im py huge for dr helth insurance  that covers nothing
It's also wrong to vote to confirm Gorsuch. Please do not confirm this #stolenseat
A filibuster of Gorsuch coupled with the Ayala matter will pave the way for Scott to take the Nelson seat
It's not his job to keep his seat. It's his job to do right while he's in it.
Would like to see Sen Nelson do both! Greatest Sen in FL! Bolton go way your bad ways hurt ppl
The process doesn't work if I "go away." Only works in compromise, Dems/Repubs both lacking same.
2/2 Nelson lacks will 2 compromise, that's why I'll vote against him next time.
