Please call it what it is.  Domestic terrorism by white supremacists. Rubio did better.
Agreed, but let's not forget that little over a week ago @marcorubio wrote an article for Breitbart:
I agree Sen., but understand that goes both ways! Neither side is innocent. So far I have only seen the left condemn the ultra right winger
How about this LEFTIST group? They aren't partly responsible??????http://redstatewatcher.com/article.asp?id=90028 …
I love you Bill, but it's a sad day when @marcorubio condemns the terror attacks by white supremacists more directly than you. Try again.
Agreed, but let's not forget that little over a week ago @marcorubio wrote an article for Breitbart:
Jesus @marcorubio is the worst. A hypocrite and a coward through and through.
This constituent and registered Democrat had hoped for a stronger statement from you. Compare with
Nothing patriotic about #Nazis,the #KKK or #WhiteSupremacists It's the direct opposite of what #America seeks to be. #Charlotesville
Agreed, but Rubio is no saint... A little over a week ago he wrote an article for Breitbart:
So fight him when he's wrong.
If a kid says 5+4=car say they're wrong. If the same kind says 2+2=4 later you don't say "but he WAS wrong..."
Agree and I did. I mention it so FL doesn't think Marco is getting better. This kid may say 2+2=4 but will answer "Car" in certain company.
Well your office just told my husband never to call again. You need to take care of the problem.
Thank  you. Wish our president agreed. Such an embarrassment.
HELP ME @SenBillNelson  IVE emailed facebook and tweeted  dont mean to be rude
Truly sad that your staff cannot assist you on Twitter to increase your followers. Your low profile does not help dems in Fl.
This SCPOTUS is just too much to take. Impeach him, there is plenty of material to do it. May be waiting for mueller?
@marcorubio gave a stronger statement than you and he nearly always votes to SUPPORT Trump/Putin's White Supremacist agenda.
Agreed, but let's not forget that little over a week ago @marcorubio wrote an article for Breitbart:
As I said, Rubio SUPPORTS Trump/Putin's white supremacist agenda, while issuing a stronger (albeit, hypocritical) statement than Sen Nelson.
Stop the hate
With all due respect Senator, please do better.
Was hoping for a much stronger response from you.
agree: please add to this with a condemnation of white supremacy and nazism.
Agreed! I'm expecting something stronger from you. @IndivisibleMIA
We need a stronger statement. Nazis and fascists have no place in America.
I agree with you it is a case of KKK, neo Nazis versus BLM, Antifa and maybe New Black Panthers that fought on Saturday and who started figh
You have a very active and twisted imagination. The violence by the white supremacists was pre-meditated, PLANNED and carried out. /1
I guess they didn't plan on murdering people so blatantly. /2
who cares what you condemn I condemn the fact that you're free criminal.
Bill: Say who you're talking about. Don't be Trump.

If you're opposed to White supremacists, say so.
Have given up on asking that you speak out more against Trump administration. You do not use your social media enough to benefit Fl Dems
Yes I just got political call don't worry I got your back I usually vote for president but I will 2018 only Republican I voted for McCain
Why do you continue to accept bribes from your buddy George Soros?  He is behind all the violence--pays to bus them in #WakeUp
@GOP doesn't care, just want to dismantle last 60 yrs of progressive social change. Fight them!!!!!
You can give 80% of the credit to all the Dems. The hate  stirred up by Chuck Schumer, Nancy Pelosi, Elizabeth Warren and Maxine  Waters
Finally a Democrat against @BLMNational
I really hope you get primaried
Where is Senator Nelson's social media person? I expected a stronger response. Also, nothing on Facebook page or his website.
aw man, this is weaksauce. Get your Gator Pride going and charbroil those Nazis.
Don't fuch with the 1st. amendment. You may learn that the 2nd Amendment is all about. Veterans are tired of duplicity.
We need to hear more from you to turn Fl blue. Never see you on any news and you seldom tweet. Not once has your office replied to my emails
:/
Very disappointing! Was hoping you would really take a stand on this! Please don't let us down!
please speak out against white supremacy.  that is what we need to hear.
So plowing into people with a moving vehicle is "lack of respect" #WeakSauce
What are you going to do about it Bill. Enough with the "thoughts and prayers" be a leader and stop this. This is not a game.
A peaceful protest once again turned to violence by the liberal/ democrats bc they don't believe in free speech
Starting with prez trump taking his comments as side topic of discussion for his EO signing. Congress has to outlaw Nazi affiliations.Period
What happened was an event that needed the full attention of our political leaders. It was an attack to the soul of our constitution.
Thank you Senator Nelson.  Trump opened a Pandora's box with his rhetoric.
We need a stronger statement, Bill.

This is more than "lack of respect" and "violence." Call it what it is. You are so much better than a vague condemnation.
Still waiting for a better response.
@SenBillNelson pls don't think your Senate seat is safe just because you are a Dem. Y-day was a terrorist attack by Nazis. Acknowledge it!
I expected a stronger, more specific response. You need to denounce white supremacy. TODAY! NOW!
Agreed.  Senator,  Please  call it as what this really is. This was not just a "fatal violence" incident.
Agree -- hatred and violence is unacceptable on EITHER side of the political spectrum.
God Bless you sir and i am one of thise people that is hated.
we need the imposyer not ot start this as many monuments are taken down, and family history is erased,
Condemning this horrific violence is admirable. But I reached out to you after my Hate Crime. Why couldn't you even respnd or acknowledge me
When many people are involved in an attack politicians are quick to respond.I was nearly killed due to hate crime and no response from you
We all need to speak out strongly against that...our fathers went to war 70 yrs ago to fight that!
You sound like Trump! Stand up for our country!!! Nazi flags were marching in our streets!
As my congressman I'm disappointed...you are NOT specific enough!
Now you have spoken, how about passing healthcare.
When Marco Rubio out-statements you, its bad. You can do better than this!
This is so far beyond "lack of respect." Call it for what it is, Senator: white supremacy. You owe it to your constituents to speak truth.
If you're disappointed you need to remember the KKK has been part of the Democrat party since the Civil war. You should try Conservatism.
Bill, I expected more from you....:(
Thank you for a weak response. I will give your campaign same courtesy. Good day (night) to you. 
Even if our Lake Nona pals don't back us up here - white supremacy=unconscionable. Florida could be th'next rock they crawl out from under.
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords 
#ActionNotWords
...that's it? Come on man, even Marco gave a stronger response than this.
time to speak up...
FLORIDA: GOP state senator @senatorgainer introduced a bill that would legalize murder of peaceful protesters
https://www.wuft.org/news/2017/03/02/proposed-florida-bill-would-protect-drivers-who-unintentionally-hit-kill-protesters/ …
I look forward to your condemnation of Sen. Schumer et al when they use the same "lack of respect for others" in the well of the Senate.
Nice to hear from you Senstor. It's been cob webs here in Florida.
That's it? Senator, we can't afford your lackluster style. We expect more from your office. Your silence on serious issues is deafening.
I add my voice to the chorus here. Name this Nazi white nationalist hatred and then condemn it.
Weak statement sir. Be strong against white supremacists
Build that Wall
Call it what it is. Terrorism..
Please, we must #saythewords #WhiteSupremacistTerrorism
THEY ARE NAZIS DUDE COME ON.
Time to call out @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP in uniting against nazis. Did we not have a war about this?
Hatred and lack of respect. ??  That's how you and your brethren treat the President!!!!
Condem the  KKK, Nazis, facisist, be damn clear on who is to blame this is not the time to mince words @IndivisibleFlag
More I read other comments & reread your statement, more certain I am that you will lose in 2018 * I'm a lifelong Dem & FL precinct leader
Oh no.
Oh no what? If he isn't aggressively in the fight, he will lose. Where is he??
Take @marcorubio by the hand, stand up in the Senate and disavow this @POTUS for the sake of the world. PLEASE
Constituent, Dem & DONOR, shocked at your tardy & lukewarm reaction that fails to place blame where it belongs in #Charlottesville terrorism
Lame!!! White supremacists did this! Name them!
Be brave blame White supreme starting! Be more honest!
I had expected a much harsher condemnation of the white supremacist nazi terrorism on display in #Charlottesville today. Denounce it!
Really?  That's the best statement you could think of @SenBillNelson ?
Do you think it was the thousands of people chanting Nazi slogans that might have gotten people a weeeee bit upset? Ya think possibly maybe?
I still am waiting on health care that is affordable.  You owe me that for my vote.
Oh bill, bill, billl. The nazis and white supremacists there always intended for it to be violent. It didn't turn that way by accident
As a long time FL resident I would like to hear you condemn white supremacy and Nazism...that shouldn't be too much to ask...
Unless you condemn this as domestic terror by white supremacy groups you are not standing up for America. period
This is a pretty muted statement after a terrorist attack on Americans.
Seriously???  That's the best you can do???? Right out of trumps playbook.
Terribly non-specific statement. Do better.
Call a Nazi a Nazi, Bill! And then put your big-boy pants on and do something about this 45 ShitShow! #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
Weak response, Senator.
Although everyone should have free speech, these are #WhiteSupremacists who should not should be allowed this violence.
How is @SenRubioPress's statement a stronger condemnation of #WhiteSupremacists than yours? Disappointing.
Don't call them alt-right. They are white supremacists, Nazis, and should be referred to as such.
I ask this of you, as my Senator, as well as the rest of senate. If the POTUS refuses to help us then who will? #Charlottesville #terrorism
Who bused in the rioters?
This statement is not good enough, Senator. Specifically call this out for what it is: white supremacism, nazism, and terrorism.
Not. Good. Enough. The Alt-Right perpetrated an act of domestic terrorism against American citizens in Charlottesville, VA today.
Please take this further and condemn white supremacy and NeoNazism. Name and denounce.
Senator Nelson why don't you give a true statement! I expected more from you! It was domestic terrorism from the KKK(Nazis)
Thank you for being there @SenBillNelson for your calming words and for all you do to help your constituents. You have my vote
Senator, you're better than this. Call it what it is. Say the words.
Please renounce white supremacy and Neonazism explicitly.
Senator: Is this really your statement? That's it? You need to make a stand.
You have a good voting record senator and I know you stand for diversity and equality, but call this what it is: white supremacy.
White group was there legally for non-violent protest but was attacked by the liberal hate groups while the cops let escalate till killed
I would appreciate it if you could be more specific. White supremacists...name them..incited the violence.
Agree. Too bad the leaders can't get along either! Sad
That's awesome - now call it what it is!  Domestic, white terrorism!
Now you speak, what happened a couple of weeks ago when a vote on Heath care was going on in DC you could worked for some good for everyone
Call it white nationalist terrorism
Weak ass response senator. Call it by its name - WHITE SUPREMACY.
Do better, Bill. Call it for what it is.
Condemn White Nationalism. Nazism. by name. #doyourjob #protectamericans
This is a disappointingly vague sentiment. Please be specific when calling out white supremacists and nazis.
Actually all violence must not be tolerated.
