Great!  Now if @SenateGOP will pass it
That's wonderful, Senator. Now get an uninformed President - head of your party - to help pass it. Do something.
Y did this take so long?  Ever since the Gov jumped into student loans, lenders got rich while students repay loans for decades.  All crooks
That's my Senator! 
Wow.  How about filing a bill to end student loans altogether?
Thanks Bill. 
Please slap Marco Rubio on the back of the head & tell him to stop being such a dick about healthcare.
So are tax payers footing this bill? Why don't you go after the schools who charge so much for so little, you know the Root of the problem.
I don't agree with this more soooo many reasons.
How about u go after the universities who have increased their costs 1000% because you allow them to, cut off gov loans to schoolsForce them
when you let the University's increase their costs & then u increase the amount that can be borrowed, they will continue raising their costs
or is this kind of thinking above your dim-witted policies, we don't want socialism bill! Go to Venezuelan try that out for a while!
Thanks, Bill!!
need more exposure to urs and democratic plans for everyone.use Morning Joe and CNN they  all need more EVERYDAY exposure.Use free media.
Yes!! Thank you sir! You shouldn't be able to buy ar car at 2%, a home at 4%, but with EXCELLENT credit have a student loan at 7%!
Please enlighten me and fellow Floridians on all the good stuff nelson has done for us?
What about them, he didn't even show up to do his job, refuses to work with GOP, pushed enviro issues not backed by facts, supports ocare
help #STEM degrees over others! We need more #STEM!
@SenBillNelson Did you tell them that? Us with older student loans are still getting screwed
Bill Nelson is not going to die he is going to ugly away. God man stay out of the sun
Medic aide and food stamps on the way out. Too many free loaders
Bravo!
Build the wall ...
thanks for this very meaningful legislation!
https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/data-explorer?chart_id=137309&metric_id=10&metric_id=9&metric_id=12 …
thank you Bill for keeping up with all the important issues.
Thank you- FL has a great Senator in you!
How many billions of debt are you going to let run up before you take responsibility and let students pay their own debts.
Paternalism, socialism. Teach the people to empower themselves and avoid this kind of things. It is the reason why you like "F" schools?.
Go Mr. Nelson
I think students are having buyers remorse about their loans.  Should have bought less beer and pizza.
Tho u r dem as FL voter would like u vote4 hlthcare FL can afford & choose 2suit our needs maintain safety net4needy dont abandon voters
SENATOR, OUR FEDERAL GOVERNMENT HAS OVER A TRILLION $ IN OUTSTANDING student loan guarantees. You are solving the wrong problem.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Bill Nelson! Now please work with POTUS Trump!
How about fixing the horrible Obamacare premiums instead of playing politics?
Wtg Bill!
Thank you !
Thanks!!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
And what have you done about healthcare?
Who pays for that?
Why don't you get back and work through the issues INSIDE the beltway! Quit playing party politics!
Great stuff!
At least Florida has one good senator
Good, now please help with the forgiveness tax bomb and changing bankruptcy law. The system is out of balance.
Don't screw up on health care - No Trumpcare
Nice work!  I love to see at least one of my FL Senators working with the people's interests at heart. #Thankful
Thanks Sir!
Good for you keep it up
Great. Unfortunate that you've failed to find out why NOAA is stonewalling you about its investigation into fraud last year in the Keys.
Your the ones who took over the student loan business and raised rates and now you want praise for lowering it, your a joke !!
Thank you for helping the students! And thanks for helping Florida!
Better late then never. About time.
Thank you
Thank you, thank you, thank you. (I have 3 grown kids)
thank you!!
REJECT #TrumpCare!
Would you please be our governed??? Pretty please!!!!!!
Bless you. I'm at $350000 at over 7% interest... DVM degree not worth this monstrous loan, can't even cover accruing interest monthly.
Thank you for your efforts
Thank you Senator Nelson!
Thank you, Bill!
Thank you!
Thank you sir, both my kids have student loans and will benefit from this.
Very good
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!
Good for everyone! Thank you! No, I do not have loans, but others should not be so heavily burdened! Thanks!
Can we refi and keep the years we've paid toward forgiveness under IBR? Or will we have to start over?
Don't let the bastards grind you down!
its not ok even when I was a victim to some ones drunk driving and worked for President @BarackObama  on Student debt
Tell miss no heart @BetsyDeVos to do the same!
Sen Nelson thx 4financially helping college students w loans however proportionately we have more need 4healthcare than college loans.
Thank you for listening, hearing and working for all the residents of Florida.

Thanks! My daughter still owes a lot and only five more years before the first grandchild is going off to college.
Thank you, @SenBillNelson! We support you and your efforts to help students.
Thank you.  That will help the economy more than anything Trump has proposed.  And I say that having paid off my loans 20 years ago
And who is supposed to pick up the bill for that?  Those students knew the interest rates
Thank you but how about speaking out against #AHCA / #BRCA and for #ImpeachTrumpNow ?
That's not how it works.
Huh?
Impeachment requires political motives and power, and currently he Republican Party doesn't care. It's not going to happen now.
@SenBillNelson is a Dem you know. Speaking out is good. We need more than @RepAdamSchiff and @tedlieu making all the noise
I would much rather they speak on things of legislative substance. Mueller will take care of what ever is there.
Don't forget that you & Obama took over the Student Loan Program & have now destroyed many young lives just as you did with healthcare.
Solution #2. Let students sue for refunds.Why not let the schools pay for their irrelevant programs which do not lead to jobs?#PayToPerform
Who is paying for that Bill??
How about going after colleges and universities for predatory profiteering!
Thank you Senator Nelson you are always on the side of the people and we in Florida appreciate you
THANK YOU senator. Programs like this, and debt relief for non-profit workers, are the only way we can help the next generation for a living
I will solve your student debt problem.Don't send cash to Harvard which pays 400 k to @SenWarren to teach 1 class.Highway robbery.
Get the govt out of student loans. After some turmoil, higher ed will again be at a reasonable cost to all.
Hey look....an actual public servant.  Pay attention #GOP. 2018 is coming. Healthcare & education shouldn't be $$$ making businesses.
Thank you! From the bottom of a parent who is in debt with student loan debt of over $190,000 yes you read it right
Thank you Mr Nelson.
Thank you!
Thank you
@SenSasse @SenatorFischer You need to support this bill!

#ScienceMarchMN #DeferDebt
#resist #ScienceMarch #actuallivingscientist #DataForAll 
Thank you for this and your work with health care.
How does this help those who received so little for their tuition dollars?
Thank you
