Oppose confirmation of Betsy DeVois ! I have an autistic son. Her priority is not with disabled children.
Betsy Devos is an awesome pick if you care about educating our children!
Betsy DeVos does not believe in public education.
She agrees with education that works, regardless of public or private. The point is successful ed!
u r ecample of how our kids would turn out with her
Education funds attached to each child will create competition for those dollars, best schools win!
u can't use taxpayer money to support for profit businesses
You want to make a bet. Charter schools use taxpayer money to make a profit.
Vote No on Tillerson ...too close to Russia; no on DeVos cause of harm to public schools; no on healthcare denial.
I think he's got this...Uhm...Hey Senator, THIS! 
What's he got, what standing on appts, his tweets don't tell the world.
Notice winky emoji. I'm agreeing with you. No shade.
Thank u & he's a Democrat playing it "safe" I guess. Gotta realize now's the time to go w popular vote.
He's also in a "red" rather than ""purple" state. We need him to pick his battles CAREFULLY.
FL has the most Obamacare insured, I have heard. Too bad about Scott.
Florida went red you need to vote yes on his cabinet and Supreme Court Judge
A lot is happening, but only the @POTUS is working!  Get your folks into the hearings and vote!  NoShow is crap!
.@SenBillNelson Good. You haven't made a peep about the #Muslimban since summer of last year. Time to get a move on, sir.
he did I found this. http://jacksonville.com/news/2017-01-30/trump-travel-ban-desantis-says-trump-right-be-concerned …
Excellent! My tweet was two days ago and this article is dated today, so I'm glad he got with the program.
Me too! Cus there is no way I'm talking to Rubio.
Why not? If he's your senator, he's yours to talk to! Go get 'im!
my pleas will fall on deaf ears.
We are the fish in Nemo's net. Swim down.
you're right! I'm on it!
Speak out against cabinet choices, Speak up for women. Slience will not win you reelection. #yourlosingmyvote
I am living in florida and You sir, do not represent me or the millions who voted for PRESIDENT TRUMP.  You need to take heed and listen
Ha ha ... you vote with Schumer tell you to vote for
As a Fl voter please STOP the political nonsense &vote YES to Judge Gorsuch He's exactly what a Supreme Court Justice should be! !
You represent a state which is predominately conservative. ACT like it!
playing politics with Gorsuch you're not representing the Florida people  properly we'll vote against you Deltona
How can you be representing the people of FL if you don't know what we want?
please do not participate in the filibuster. Someone somewhere has got to have some common sense
.@SenBillNelson. I'm a constituent. Did you know that there is NO Constitutional right to vote in a presidential election?  If not, why?
because the founders left it out and made vague references to the obvious, and fcused more on voting not being impaired
I'm a Florida voter who wants you to vote YES & confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch! 
Not 1 Democrat opposed his nomination in '06. Why now? Politics
Older Floridians need to unite and remove this left-wing nut from office.
You only represent urban areas.
Thank you for standing up for the SCOTUS seat sir. You are a true Patriot.
Then represent us - Elimate Obamacare, build the wall, improve immigration, and lower taxes.  FL Voters spoke on Nov 7th.
When will you hold town hall meetings for constituents? What about a poll? Maybe an internet AMA? Any kind of constituent interaction?
You aren't representing Florida. That's the problem! Voting against a judge that's more than qualified? You're embarrassing for FL!
you only support democrats - even pelosi/waters/warren who sound like feckless asses
please object to gop's discrimination of dem senators based on political affiliation. simple majority option is not a gop owned tool.
you represent all Florida citizens, your obstruction of duly elected @POTUS will not help you in 2018. Get out of the way
Maybe you should retire if you can't stand up for Democratic values by voting NO on Neil Gorsuch. I am a voting constituent.
@SenBillNelson
Then you should represent the people instead of being a hack for leftist activists and lobbyists.
i will be voting as my many friends based on congress supporting POTUS  to MAGA
.@SenBillNelson Please speak out against POTUS's assault on our 1st Amendment religious freedoms. It's unAmerican. #NoBanNoWall
Bill is against religion look at how he votes. He likes to have babies killed
Then represent ALL Floridians not just Democrats. Remember, Trump won Florida.  You need to start representing Republicans too!
Florida went red so vote yes on Judge Gorsuch
How can you not #ConfirmGorsuch? Are you that frightened of Chuck Shumer? I am disgusted and will remember come election time
Gorsuch needs your vote.  Everyone I talk with believes the same. Represent your constituency rather than follow Schumer.
Citizens of Florida being shortchanged by your do nothing tenure. You are an embarrassment.
With all due respect, why are you silent, sir? I'm a constituent. I sent a letter but didn't get a response. Please help? 
He corrupt, thats why
#stopsessions #StopDeVos
Say NO to Tillerson
- Tillerson game over, buy Exxon stock
a,wake call, you aren't representing Florida should've vote obamocare out it sucks for the working class something
If Trump was a Dem, impeachment proceedings would be underway. A lunatic MUST NOT have the nuclear codeCongress irresponsible
willing to fight good fight u have layed down UNACCEPTABLE
and a definite NO on #RexTillerson Exxon Mobil doesn't care about the environment. #PutinPuppet
I call you're offices everyday. I have talked to all of them. Can't articulate any of your positions. #SpeakUpForUS
You MUST take an adversarial posture against this White House and this GOP Congress. Start with no on DeVos.
you must get a haircut for me to take you seriously
you only represent yourself bill next election you are out you been riding our backs far too long sitting on obama's lap
please support president trump and his cabinet join to make America great  a great number if voters are watching
please support the STAR Act for More Funding for Childhood Cancer Research #morethan4 #820 #STARAct @RosLehtinen
Represent us by doing more than trying to derail Trump. I voted for you but won't next time if I don't see progress.
your district went almost entirely to Trump, stop obstructing and start #MAGA or you will be replaced!!!!
Then work with our President Donald J Trump!   The people of Florida elected him too!  Stop politics and work!
Democrats remained seated during the State of the Union.. really, y'all can't stand for a fallen hero or job growth? #FLpol @SenBillNelson 
I have been watching you.  YOU have done NOTHING to represent people of Florida-only your Democrats buddies
Please don't let us down We need you and others with like minds Trump is unfit for any government job
well represent me and do something about my 1100.00 a month healthcare bill
Hopefully, you will be out of office...soon.
please push an independent committee investigation on russian connections!
- Senator Nelson - contrary to the ad on TV, please keep Obamacare. Don't cave in to the right trying to bankrupt us.
Yellow Dog nonsense.
then get busy
Fight for us Sen. do not yield! #ComradeTrump
Then do it by standing to the worst president in the history of the US!
Big concern is POTUS not doing his job to influence peace but is intentionally provoking civil unrest.
Thank you!
get trump out! Investigate Russian connection!!
Funny, your name NEVER comes up as being outspoken about the treason being committed by POTUS and co..step up NOW
Keep fighting for what's right. Protect Florida & America with all you've got.
You are the shining jewel of FL! <3
I think it is time to send you home
You are not representing the people of FL.  You just do whatever Chucky tells you to do.
Floridians & patriots are worried about the Trump admin. Russian connection. Will you support an INDEPENDENT investigation?
you're representing well!
That's rich. If true you would not have voted for Obama are.
mmmm, so you ARE watching the latest with Trump right? Protect us and U.S.
@marcorubio Ty called today & polite woman logged it & TY me. Rubio? Can't get thru automatic hang up.
Why don't you support the POTUS who the people of FL voted in overwhelmingly. We will campaign against you with every measure
When are you going to talk about what is going to talk about what is going on in Washington?  take a stand will you
the people of Florida voted for @realDonaldTrump... confirm his appointments.
I don't think u like us I. Florida due to your voting record!!! We should recall you back!!
- As a Senior in Florida, you do NOT represent ME. I am not 'terrified' about what #POTUS might do to Medicare nor SS!!!
You  don't represent me...at all. I look forward to voting you out of office.
Doing what? U need to keep constituents informed, and reach out through frequent town halls across the state incl Cape Coral.
We must stand up for democracy. It is a slippery slope to autocracy! Protest Nonviolently. Speak Truth to Lies. No Surrender.
Rick Scott wants your seat. Stay active. Be visible. Don't shut up and sit down. We need Dem town hall meetings!
Thank you for supporting SCIENCE in government.
So proud to have you represent me as a Floridian! Too few left with integrity.
You would better represent your constituents by not voting lockstep to block the president's cabinet picks.
Please vote for
u do not represent me, u participated in divisive filibuster on confirmations, obstructionist, time 4 u to go #TermLimits
can't wait until you are voted out,we need to drag the swamp in Florida and yes I am a registered voter in  Florida
Thank you for voting Nay on PN 30.
be careful of threatening President Trump Senator! Your position is not very stable in FL

This FL resident urges you to do the right thing and vote to put Gorsuch on the Supreme Court.
you don't represent anyone I know in Florida. What a joke! #Useless



It might be your privilege, but it is to our shame. You've become nothing more than a political hack!
Disgusting!
I want to urge you to confirm Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Thank you, from Florida.
definitely not ours to have you represent us. driving down the socialist path.
I didn't vote for you
And as I watch your speach on @cspan I hope you vote for Senator Sessions today.
wont last much longer since you are part of the party of no do nothing cartel....sad.
And You Do Such A Piss-Poor-Job.  Confirm President Trumps' Cabinet and Convirm Judge Gorsuch ASAP. . . .
Betsy DeVos was a horrible pick. Do some research. She is a detriment to our children.
As our Senator we ask you to support we the people's choice. Confirmation of Judge Gorsuch to our Supreme Court. Thank you.
Thank you for voting no to DeVos.
You have served Florida well for many years. Please call on us to stop Trump......
i have talked to many people in this state and none of us can come up with not one thing u did for the people in florida
Vote for DeVois she will be a great Sec.
please vote no to Devos.  Save our public schools!!
Thank you for what you do for Florida. I appreciate your opposition to appointment of DeVos. She is absolutely unqualified.
you mean you represent the Democrats of Florida, because right now, you are not representing me.  Stop the Obstruction
If you care about the children in this country and education Vote NO on DeVos . If you do not vote yes.
no on#DEVOS
as a Floridian #NoonDeVos
.@SenBillNelson trust you #Resist fascism and vote no on all those completely unqualified nominees #noDevos #NoPruitt
#holdthefloor#standupforpublucschoolsThank you
hope you mean that and vote no on Devos and Pruitt
-thank you! #NoBanNoWall  #VoteNoDevos -
This is a Huddle in Pembroke Pines, FL we ask you to vote against DT nominees and Filibuster Supreme Court N.Gursuch
can you tell him why though with any kind of fact to back up your assertion? Doubtful
You might not have to mention that if you used your twitter more to keep us apprised
Hi Senator, Please Continue On Not Supporting Betsy DeVos, As Secty Of Education Nominee..Thank You For Your Service
VOTE NO FOR DEVOS!!! Continue to work with Republicans so they also do the right thing!
let's get together and represent all americans
Thank you for being my dem. senator (I'm in Longboat Key). But you've been very quiet. Pls make some noise against Trump!
Make sure to push any legislation for vetting members of the NSC. We are about to destabilize bc of Bannon.
just vote no on DeVos. #NotMySOE
Then represent us - vote NO on DeVos!
Betsy DeVos is a no brainer....literally. in other words vote NO!
it's nice to finally see you. I was beginning to wonder. You need to stop Gaetz from dismantling the EPA!
SenatorNelsonPlzBackTrumpAsHeIS Protecting AmericaNowIsNoTimeForUsToBeNaiveISLAMKILLS.Btw~UrVoice IsFull
senator, is it true that you own part of #sabalpipeline ? You've done a lot of good, but this is disturbing ...
Then fucking do it Bill and stop fight @POTUS @realDonaldTrump since most of Florida voted for him #MAGA
time to be voted out... a lot of dem voted for trump and you are not repesit representing them the state went red..
@TDOnlineThen vote against Devos for education!She's going to destroy our educational system.She didn't know disabled law!
@senmarcorubio I also urge you to keep ObamaCare, support @PPact and do not allow an immigration ban.  from Miami
@senmarcorubio PLEASE do not confirm DeVos on Monday. She's completely unfit for the job. Disability rights are human rights.
@Spindy5161 Not showing up to vote (work) is not an option. You have an obligation to represent your constituents.
Please Vote NO on Mrs. Devos. Thank you.
Your not representing my ideas.
read the dworkin report and work to impeach now
swift fast hearing for SCOTUS.
I implore all ur supporters to kick u in ass and get it going
u got to be kidding. U HAVE TO GO
all u say is glad to be back in florida a lot hap last wk
Please confirm Justice Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Thank you
going to check your Betsy DeVos vote. @BobLeahyJr lets see if he wants to keep his seat in 2018. @realDonaldTrump
privilege... yes it is. Confirm Devos,Sessions,Gorsuch.  We're watching. Thank you.
u have been to quiet no fight need young blood
u have done nothing many of us agree u must go
If you truly represent the ppl of FL..then you would be OUR voice and not the voice of Chuck Schumer.  Vote FOR his nominees!
taking the time to see how representatives are voting these days. Hoping they do not give to peer pressure.
Yup the next junior Senate spot from FL with the rest of the commies
Please vote to confirm Pres. TRUMPS cabinet picks #TrumpWins4USA
vote NO for DeVos please
Thanks for your prompt response to my email. Infinite thanks for your vote against Ms. DeVos. You will always have my vote.
PLEASE confirm Judge Gorsuch & stop this OBSTRUCTIVE disrespectful behavior! B a grown up!
.@SenBillNelson @TDOnline please vote to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch #SCOTUS. Remember who you represent and who we Floridians elected #POTUS
please vote NO on DeVos our kids deserve better than this!
do the right thing for our educators #VoteNoDevos !!
Please help
Stand up to trump. Do not vote for devos and mnuchin and price.   Crooks. Please
Do not vote for devos. Stand up to trump.
Show up, confirm the Supreme Court Judge!  People voted for Trump in FL & you need to represent us not Dems!
Vote YES for Judge Gorsuch. Voice confirmed in 2006, with no opposition. Callahan FL resident
No on Gorsuch,Price DeVos How do they represent best interests of Floridians Education, Medicare, Privacy & income?
Then do your job and get PresidentTrump's cabinet through.   I am a Floridian, I do not support what you ate doing. 
The behavior of Demicrstic activists and politicuans alike currently are unacceptable and will not be tolerated!
.@SenBillNelson How do Gorsuch, Price DeVos represent best interest of your voter/Floridians? Trump lied abt medicare Please stand up for us
Thank you Senator Nelson for voting no to Betsy Devos for Education Secretary.
Thank you for stating you will be opposing DeVos for Education Secretary. Our public schools deserve better.
@potus current vetting does not work. To save one...isn't that the Libs excuse for guns? https://muslimstatistics.wordpress.com/2017/02/01/20-vetted-muslim-refugees-who-turned-to-terrorism-after-being-allowed-into-America/ …
thank you sir for voting no to devos. You need a greater social media profile.  For upcoming election challenge
Get on the  Senate floor and speak OUR views about the harm these nominees can do and vote against them! #nostrike
