Please you didnt care when Obamacare cost me and millions others our plans - YOU SUCK - You Dems passed Obamacare at midnight - hypocrite
You lie MAGA or Laura Wilson AKA
Total Bullshit how long did it take you to make this
You would not know true facts if they bit you on the butt.
Fact is Obamacare is a failure .... We have to pass it so you can see whats in it ....
Life saving treatment isn't typically considered a "failure." And, your second statement is so ignorant that I don't even want to address it

Ok - what's your point though? Where did I say that I supported Pelosi?
Where were you when the Law was passed?  Democrat hypocrisy, pot calling kettle black, is astounding. #HealthcareBill
This may help you learn the real facts
And...Vote forced w/no reading it, blank pages inserted, had to pass to see what was in it, no promises kept..
And your source for your meme is???
If u would read something besides Breitbart you would have seen those facts in NewsWeek, NYtimes, LATimes, Washington Post, Chicago Tribune
Newsweek?  OMG, lost credibility years ago. Ask former Editor-in-Chief. Newsmax was sold in disgrace. #TryAgain
Bannon pushing Pizza Gate and Pedophile Milo are so trustworthy.
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor"

How is resisting and obstructing working out so far? 5-0 in special elections. All you're resisting is WINNING! Good luck with that! #MAGA
Bet you are happy the new Healthcare Bill by Republicans screws over veterans
It doesn't. Nice try though. You people are so naive and gullible. They're making it so Vets can go to any doctor, so they don't die waiting
Not true if they are tossed off medicaid. Show me where it says it won't? Vote Vets says it will
Look it up
The ACA was created behind closed doors. You had no problem voting for that.
Don't lie these are the facts
Not true Michael - this is my third year on Obamacare - my premiums held steady for 2 years & actually went DOWN in 2017. I live in FL.

Hi Bill, want to see you in person to ask you about August 19th? Got you a document to read. Message me ASAP please
Obama took first step to have healthcare for all. Perfect-no. Fix it. No tax break for wealthy in new bill. They don't need it!
Happened during Obamacare - no one even knew what was in the bill! Support

As your constituent, I ask you to please vote against it!
So you would rather them vote against it, than to sit down and fix it? So just keep obstructing? Pathetic. Dems won't work together. Sad!
Will you offer up amendments? Take part in the process to get a better bill? Or continue to obstruct?
How is Senator Nelson obstructing a process he was not invited to or allowed to participate in?
Dems vote as a block; monolithic. Obstruction is their plan and it's time to call them out on it.
And republicans don't?
Obviously not! See today's headlines. See yesterday's headlines.
Unlike you did 8 years ago
Please do everything you can to stop this tax break for the wealthy. This will be a terrible burden on healthcare in FL
Has it occurred to you the Government IS the problem with healthcare. How do you expect them to fix it?
ACA was an attempt at a healthcare bill. It's not perfect-but attempt in the right direction. DT is giving himself & friends tax break.
ACA was never about healthcare but it's always been an act. Don't kid yourself, It's about control. 110%!!
You mean like mid night Obama care bill !!

Closed Doors, you mean like the ones you hid behind when you supported the Unaffordable Care Act.
Please stress to Rubio the negative repercussions to Floridians the AHCA will have! Please talk 2 your repub. friends and ask them 2 vote NO
Thank you, Sen Nelson. Please continue fighting for all Americans, including those of us who have pre-existing conditions.
Ha - Obamacare destroyed my healthcare - Nelson sucks - I hope ACA dies a quick death
this was a bad bill
Now SenNelson U wouldn't be spreading lies! Remember Nancy Pelosi said vote on the Last HealthCare Bill so we can find out what's in it!
What's the difference. You voted for Obamacare so you could see what was in it.
Ditto!!
Medicare for all bill that Bernie is purposing .
Isn't that what the democrats did when passing Obamacare? Kettle calling the pot black.
You should have done that with #Obamacare & we wouldn't be in deep crap! @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @AndrewCMcCarthy @VP @POTUS @tedcruz
Listening to you right now on C-SPAN 2 I appreciate your candor
White House Press Briefings blacked out? Where is freedom of the press?  No other potus has ever done this, and this jerk gets away with it?
Well, if the media would quit attacking the president, he wouldn't do this. I don't blame him. Report facts, not opinions. Until then. Bye!!
about damn time you said something. Welcome, late comer, yes it's bad like we all knew it would be
I think Nelson has been vocal since the horrible bill was unveiled in the House. https://www.facebook.com/billnelson/posts/10155084241646609 …
STOP the VOTING with Sen. WARREN. YOU REPRESENT FLORIDA. GET to WORK for The PEOPLE.
Kinda like pass it to see what's in it? How did that work out for us?
Repeal Ocare, no replacement needed. Pass a law that states "any health insurance can be sold in the USA" done, no more goodies for ins co!
Trump is out of control, childlike, vindictive, dangerous. Do something before it's too late and all dignity of the presidency is eroded.
Please don't turn over our private voting information!   #45 is trying to substantiate his lies, by seeing our voting information!
If it substantiated his claims then good if it disproves then even better! Why not put it all out there, and see what transpires?
i warned you about this man you call  president, and any wrong doing he hides very god to blame others did this
It's not "secret" if Dems refuse to show up and work with the majority.  That's the Dems choice!  TheySHOULD B participating!
#25thamendment
Remember after 27 years of working we are tbe Seniors now and we know you are useless enjoy it while you can loser
The Republicans waste eight yeas pouting, belly acking, conniving instead of working to solve any of our problems. All they wanted was power
I support Kate's law and repeal Obamacare regulations and fines
Now you know how smart people feel about the health insurance debacle you helped create
Too bad we cannot keep u behind closed doors!!!
What are you doing to help "working together"?
Let's face it. FL really only has 1 tourism Senator right now that the travel industry can count on, in @SenBillNelson. Hope that continues
Yea I remember that "working" together shit when you passed it.
Get your ass in their and do it!  No more votes from us if you don't. Orlando since 79
knock on the door and let yourself in--excuses
I'm in Florida left with no insurance for 30+ months. No medicaid expansion and refuse Obamacare can't afford it! Do something NOW!
Please fix Healthcare. I pay a penalty because I can't afford to buy it! If it were affordable I would buy it.
Talk w/SenRubio&convince him2Vote No&work w/u on fixing ACA so Americans won't lose coverage. #CantTrustGOPBill #CantTrustPOTUS
No stop Obamacare it's joke I am sad or long time dem hacked that marches dem drums will no vote for u. You milk the cow $$too long
Do not cut medicaid. We need a bill for the people. Not for Washington lobbyists.. Please @SenBillNelson  fight for the people!
Past the bill or do you have any fresh ideas or just complaining? You had a chance so next time around you are going to retire!
Thank you for serving your constituents, please keep opposing this plan - and pushing solutions.
Thank you for standing up for us! Please vote no on the current senate wealthcare bill.
Thank you for standing firm against this bill which will cause great harm and unbearable expense for so many. From FL voter 33711
Sour grapes, Senator.That is how you and the Dems originally passed Obamacare,now you're upset when your own medicine is served back to you.
Thanks for looking out for us, fight against this horrible bill!
Why don't you try knocking on the door and help write the bill instead of complaining.
Keep up the good work! The real reason the ACA is not working is because Insurance companies couldn't make a huge profit so they pulled out.
Fight this, sir! It's horrible! Please back us up!!!
PLEASE STOP THE BILL. Thank you.
#withholdconsent #filibusterbyamendment #KillTheBill  Florida voter
Thank you SenNelson, private sector has driven medical costs , taking advantage of real people, real 'needs'...please fix.
Now will Democrats join Sen. Senders and push for universal healthcare in U.S.?
Any members of Congress, not willing 2 stay in session until healthcare bill is worked out, doesn't deserve reelection in 2018.  Obstruction
This Sen is up 4 reelection.  If he can't stay in session & work out the healthcare bill, what is he good 4?  Sequester congress or vote out
Here are the facts Patricia -
I'm not talking about the BS in past.  I'm talking about intelligent legislators putting aside bipartisan differences & working 4 Americans
You were slandering Bill Nelson. Period - not such a nice person and certainly not enlightened.
Still time senator, stop the cheap talk.  Forego recess, sequester yourselves until this healthcare bill is worked out.  Important issue!
Patricia has 27 followers ignore the troll
Get rid of Obama Care and get rid of Bill Nelson, there is nothing more that Bill Nelson care's about than himself.
Marco Rubio
Nelson sounds like a clueless fool after the way Obamacare was passed by Dems only.
Just like the democrats did on ObamaCare?  And the republican plan is 136 pages vs over 1000 pages with pork fat Americans refuse to swallow
NOPE - What the Republicans r doing now with Trump Care is not like what the Democrats did wPatient Protection & Affordable Health Care Act
That was a joke. Of course your sense of humor is lacking. You are so ready to kiss Putin's butt.
Right...
Thank you!!
After your disastrous Obama hca try  instead of just opposing because it's a repub bill. Just do something constructive
Break ranks! Vote FOR the healthcare bill. Cooperation NOT Obstruction needed. Foolish stubbornness hurts America. Country before  Dem party
People with established medical needs should be able to buy medicare level services.
I want you to Vote NO to That Terrible Bill!
You Sir are getting VOTED out of office .. buh bye!!!
Where was sense of unity when crafting O Care
Thanks for your continued honesty and level-headed service to your constituents! Keep up the good work! #mysenatorrocks
I can't understand how anybody can support any democrat, the party of hate, racism, intolerant of others, trying to take your rights away
What a laugh Nelson and his fellow Democrats haven't done anything to work anybody in Congress, their candidate lost and their still crying
Thank you please stop this bill. It will kill people.
No offense, but why didn't the democratic party make 1 up, then compare, share, & repair w/ Republican constituents.
Let's hope @marcorubio agrees that not only FL but America deserves better.
Funny-you didn't think that when you clowns did Obamacare!
Agree.
Name one Democrat who's "working together" with the Republicans.

Name one Democrat who's "crossing the isle".

LOL
Name one R who isn't lying  (like thier crazy leader) or even really attempting  to work with Ds . You are delusional. Lol
If the Democrats were in charge of the Senate, you'd be right.

But the R's are the majority so Democrats must "work together" w/ R's
Lol. Just like they did when Obama was president and Ds held congress. Rs are tge ultimate obstructionists.
Obama got everything he wanted in 1st 2 years.
Try doing just that and telling that to your party.
Well then quit Obstructing and get into negotiations. Obamacare was a big mistake..cost jobs,raised premiums, exploded nat debt.
Please work against this bill. FL resident!
Kinda like what the Democrats did with Obamacare? Remember, "we have to pass it, before You can read it". Talk about plotting!
Thank you for standing up against this bill, Senator!
I am so afraid for our country I pray that @marcorubio will listen to you and vote against this bill
I wish you would call some patients and find out what we go through since Obamacare it has cost me way more money  am a brain cancer patient
As a brain cancer patient I need this bill passed
Please pass this Healthcare bill as a brain cancer survivor I need this bill passed
Your district= kids, disabled, women, pre-existing cond's, elderly, low&mid income. This isn't about party lines. #CountryOverParty #Brevard
Thank you! Please vote NO on this #HealthcareBill that won't help Floridians or Americans.
.  Let's let Obama care die.
Sad for what my country is becoming. We are all Americans, one country, there is so much more meanness and disrespect since this election.
You are right you should be working together doing your jobs, not obstruction!!!
Sen. Nelson you have not been bipartisan, nor a team player in the 8 years. Cut the hypocrisy, Florida voters are not stupid.
Support the bill!  Obama care failed. Fix it!
I am a constituent. Can you work with Rubio to defeat the AHCA? Will he listen?
I am also a constituent and I want this new bill to pass it would help me with my brain cancer bills
No, it won't
Are you able to introduce an amendment to the bill that strikes the entirety of it and replaces the text with "Haha, JK PPACA stays put"?
So work with them Senator!
Thanks Senator Nelson for always fighting for the little guy with such integrity. We are proud of you sir Lets Fight !
Well spoken, Senator Nelson!
Keep gumming up the works, Senator. They can be forced to be transparent. We've all seen the town halls.
Spoken by a true partisan politician!
Like you worked "together" to pass Obamacare?
You want to talk about secret bills? You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it!! Your ignorance costs me 850.00 more per month!
"But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it – away from the fog of the controversy."
Finish the line when quoting
I want the bill passed I have brain cancer and I need to have the doctors that I want in this Obamacare does not allow that
I hope you can convince your colleague @marcorubio not to support this nightmare of a bill. Country before party.
As a brain cancer patient I need this bill passed so I can have the doctors that I want
If this bill passes lifetime limits to insurance could come back, meaning that your insurance company wouldn't pay for your treatment at all
And, at 1st glance, seems to be as bad as Obamacare. You know, the law built behind closed doors by the Dems then rammed through unipartisan
When was the ACA built in secret? During the dozens upon dozens of hours of floor debate? When they took the @Heritage bill from the 90s?
"We have to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it" -N Pelosi, Mar 2010. "Lack of transparency...huge advantage" J Gruber. Remember?
But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy.
I remember the whole sentence
Vote against this so called healthcare bill!!
Why not challenge them in push-ups for every additional person negatively affected by the change :) ?
Health care is not a function of government anyway.
You fraud, obstructionist
What has he obstructed? Can you point to a single, verifiable example of his obstructionist ways?
U haven't worked together on shit! Remember Kate's law? U gone in 2018
Thank you, Senator Nelson! 
Government is the problem with healthcare!!!  I have no doubt neither party will fix it but only make it worse.
Thank you Senator I was just about to call your office to vote no, then I saw your tweet.
No Bill you do not know.
.@SenBillNelson Mr Nelson, I suppose it's asking too much for you to be specific,  for histrionics we can watch MSM news. Senate=debate.
Thank you for standing up against this horrendous bill.
How long did it take you to read the bill?
Thank you for looking out for our best interests!
Thank you from one of your constituents.
Health care should help people, the end. #TakeCareOfPeople #VoteWithIntegrity #AllAmericansDeserveHealthCare #equalRightsIsAThing
Sorta' like we have to pass it to see what is in it??? Where have we heard that before?
Midterm-wary gop sen's will topple like a house of cards if we can show a few that its a disgrace.  I've been on Rubio like a bad foam party
door open now. Do your job. Represent us floridians Work with R's to make a bill that works. ACA failed. Be part of solution
Fight this. Fight this so hard.
Thank You Senator Nelson please stand for whatis right and VOTE no for this absurd bill amd keep protecting the rights of the most needy.
Speak for yourself I mean brain cancer patient and I hate Obamacare and I'm not one of the rich
Please stop this thing from passing, my mother has cancer and this bill will make it impossible for to afford the fight!
Obama care cost taxpayers $120 billion vs the CBO $80 billion and is now failing to care for ACA patients.  Insurance gone.
Thank you Senator for looking out for us
Frankly, disgusting.
It's pure evil too! That's another reason why it was kept secret! We need more senators like you, who will vote against this. Thank you!
Much like the Dems did. Why aren't you working with them?
We need you to take an active role on behalf of the American People and Fl against this horrible HC bill, Please! Join other Democrats!
You need to get on the Trump train Nelson because Floridians want nothing to do with Obamacare, whole new plan, affordable and free market.
What's your recommendation. Remember you have to pass it to see what's in it.  Do something to earn your pay.
Please keep trying!  This is a kill bill!
That's what an honest leader would encourage. @realDonaldTrump is not the guy to look up to.
Which Republican senator will you lobby to vote "no" on this cold-hearted bill? @marcorubio are you with us?
Proud of my senator! Pls be loud & persistent! GOP had years to get better plan & they're rushing #trumpcare. It looks bad for regular folks
Does this mean you are voting "no"? Or will you be voting to take healthcare from the low income and retired communities,in order to help 1%
We need your voice to be louder, please take a leadership role. Florida needs to be blue in 2018, can't do that if Rubio gets the headlines
Please stand up for all the people of Florida
Please vote no
Do not be such a hypocrite with "fake working together".  Apparently you have amnesia how the failing Obama bill was drafted and passed.
How would you know, have you read it?! I doubt it, just like you didn't read the ACA.
I hope the bill passes because I am a brain cancer patient and I need this bill to pass for eight years it has sucked for me
We need an organized, qualified, knowledgeable group of people to work on the Healthcare bill! The AMA was crafted with transparenty & coop.
And look what a train wreck that gave us.
Your party, and you, have no credibility on health care. You should be quiet and actively listen to those who are trying to fix it.
I would love to have 2 senators to help you, esp when each vote counts so much now! Help us help you! Plz cosponsor S 1278 #DCStatehood
"You have to pass it, to find out what's in it."
"Prices will come down $2,500, on average."
"If you like your coverage you can keep your coverage"
The repubs. couldn't possibly have written a well thought out bill n this short time. ACA act took a year 2 construct! Not logical! Vote No!
Obamacare took two years and it still sucks as a brain cancer patient I hate it
We haven't seen any Dems and you making any effort to do anything but obstruct.
So many older Americans live in Fl and have 2 choose btwn meds or food. Fl's healthcare industry at great peril d/t AHCA. Need 2 improve ACA
Has it occurred to you the Gov is complicit in driving up those costs?
That's your job, Senator. There should be no star chambers in a democracy.
Please do what you can to stop this! I'm a special education teacher at a Title 1 school whose students rely on Medicaid and ACA!
So what are YOU doing about it? Never hear from you, no idea what you're doing to represent us. Disappointed.
So proud that you are working to protect healthcare! Please vote No to AHCA! You are a true American Patriot!
You honestly think Obamacare is worth keeping? If so, you're very naive and misinformed. Its not coverage if you can't afford to use it!
Just like you and the other Dems did on Obamacare, right Bill?
Like obama care you mean. "Pass the bill than read it"
