It’s a bad bill. We need to fix the current law instead.
Plz stop with the scare tactics. We can't expand Medicaid without bankrupting the whole system
THIS IS NOT TRUE...BILL  All are covered by HillBurton Act in ER's!!!!always and all can use EFFECTIVE PUBLIC Health Centers!!!!Simple
Please keep fighting. Never give up, never surrender.
Thank you Senator! Please talk to Marco Rubio because as always the people of Florida cannot get through to his office!
We need to make sure this is @marcorubio 's last term. He only speaks in Bible verses.
I totally agree with you %. Marco Rubin stands for nothing! He is useful as a" yes" vote for the GOP only. He bible verses are tiring 
What about the millions that are pay a lot more $ with less coverage because of Obamacare? Does Bill Nelson even care?
you should vote yes on it cause the ACA killed MedicareWhy not talk about the MILLIONS stolen from Medicare YEARLY to keep the ACA going
Then help them fix the mess you made by passing a bill you didn't read!
End sanctuary cities!
Fake news.  Need to retire this career socialist democrat career.  Nelson knows Obamacare is failing, yet he opposes any new approach.
outrageous premiums and massive deductibles eliminated healthcare
It's already dying put it out of its misery. Stop lying. No one looses insurance. They choose, not loose. Or maybe loosing is all you know?
Tell us how many Americans can't afford Ocare.
Fewer than couldn't afford 133% premium hikes under Bush 2001-2009 #factchecked
Hope you don’t start complaining about the tax cuts and the deficit if you STILL support the imploding American anchor Obamacare!!!
Coverage doesn’t equal care and hit hurts 3 times that many hard working Americans such as myself.
What about the price of medicines?  This is abusive and you don't do anything about it.
Thank you for standing unflinchingly against ACA repeal and other toxic,  regressive "policy," Senator.
Vote yes!  FL deserves better than this... by this I mean, what you democrates created! It's terrible...
Thank you for that statement.
Whereas Obamacare is imploding. Get on board with bipartisanship! Work with republicans to make it better!
You misspelled "The ACA is being sabotaged by the far right." You're welcome. #heretohelp #factchecked
Yeah, what does medicaid have to do with the aca? It suddenly popped up to rile up the base. Shameful.
Indeed
We have to do everything to defeat this awful bill
Good!
Stop Them Bill!
Thank god. Hopefully it passes
Let the States handle it vote for the bill
Please speak to your Florida counterpart @marcorubio he apparently doesn't listen to us his constituents. This bill will be catastrophic.
does not eliminate health care  It gives them a better choice. It’s amazing how they sign laws for us and exempt themselves from those laws
Dems are such liars!! You don't care about Americans! You need to be voted out!!
This must not pass. Those on Medicaid represent the most vulnerable people in our society.
Ending Medicaid 'as we know it' is not a bad thing. But you are untruthful, again.. 30M wd nt B uninsured..but prem/deduct wd decline.
Will won't you support Medicare for all?
Kills? Nice verbage. It also grants relief from burdensome taxes and penalties for people forced to buy insurance they neither want or need.
I dont want car insurance. Does that mean I dont have to buy it?
You're only required to buy car insurance if you drive a car. No one forces you to buy a car. IRS shouldnt fine you for not buying it.
Senador @marcorubio el Senador @SenBillNelson ya escribio acerca de #CassidyGraham 
El resto de Florida esta a la espera de su posicion.
Please don't let this happen.
Yeah I don't need to call you right?
Keep up the good fight for millions of America's . The resulting Medicaid cuts will leave millions without access to Healthcare
It ends it for 500 million you mean! Yeah. Go big or go home.
Deplorable
Terrible.
Tell us how many of the 30 million have subsidized Ocare.
So, 30 million have it. Tell us the # of people who can actually use it.
Donna: U r so correct. Ppl cannot afford ACA..I have 2 disabled one w/cancer & do best paying for NO ins. Pay as u go. It can b done.
It needs to go, Sir. It really is a disaster. Ask anyone who sells insurance. They can tell you.
Vote no!
I'm still waiting for your plan to fix Obamacare.  It's easy to sit back and take your directions from Chuck Schumer.  Do something.
Please defeat this horrible bill.
Ending Medicaid "as we know it" is NOT a bad thing
The current law is a failure.  Americans don't want you in the exam room.  Let each state address its own way. No mandates from big gov't!
Thank you for fighting for us.
What can Dems do to develop realistic alternatives? The Rep said no, no to Obama without an alternative. FL needs improvements
You only know how to do the party line. As one of your voters you should be an independent!
More BS from the South Florida Dem. Just want to thank you for costing my wife & daughter their Doctor, deductible up 130% & premium 115%
It's a good bill. Let the States try different approaches. The good ones will be copied.  Fed gov not place to do healthcare.  I vote 2018
Maybe then half of them could join the working people!
Thanks Bill.  Please help Rubio understand this.
Thank you @SenBillNelson for protecting Floridians
Bad news there ! Where would any of us be without healthcare insurance? So let’s   All be on the same page here ! This is the  good ole .
thank you.
So ridiculous. I guess you are fine with my premium tripling. When are you going to actually do your job up there instead of just naysaying.
Thank Reagan for your premiums rising. This was set in motion years ago.
Repeal will let us keep our Doctors and our plans, oh wait that was the lie you supported.  You're lossing credibility in Fl.
Thank you for fighting Senator!
Are you for #MedicareForAll?
Please convince @marcorubio how much the #GrahamCassidyBill will hurt Floridians cause nobody ever answers his office phone & vcmail is full
Senators Nelson, Obama Care is imploding, People can not afford the premiums or the deductibles!  You are not in Obama Care, so STOP the BS!
you are a liar. There should be a class action lawsuit against you for harming fl
McCain just said he WILL NOT support the health care bill!
Thank you for denouncing this bill. Let's hope @marcorubio will follow your example. It's inexcusable to let this bill pass.
Thanks for being part of opposition
Nelson you suck
This is such an over reach of what is going to happen. Especially about Medicare. Obama stole hundreds of $mil for Ocare u r a liar
Vote for it and lose both my wife and my vote forever. Not what we were promised. Improve and fix what we have now. Thank You
Then convince your colleague, Senator Rubio, to vote against it.
Trump care!
Senator Nelson, are you and your family on Obamacare?
Are you planning on supporting Medicare for all?
Pediatricians agree with @SenBillNelson, the #GrahamCassidy bill is bad for children & families. @ameracadpeds
#GrahamCassidy: New name, same dangerous policies, & same message from pediatricians: #KeepKidsCovered (thread ) 
Time to retire Bill. You believe your own press releases
Thank you, I wish you were in my district. We're stuck with Rubio, and Mast. UGH. The democrats are a minority here.
It gets the corrupt federal government out of the insurance market, which is a great step towards draining the swamp.
Vote yes for the bill
and also lowers cost, thus making it really affordable. Stop spreading lies Bill with your partisan politics.
Let the states decide! Federal govt  can't do the job i.e. Obamacare, IRS, FBI etc
Keep up your hard work to protect us. We want affordable and quality insurance.
ACA had its faults but it could have been fixed over time, like all things new. Sadly, it has been sabotaged for political, personal reasons
Still much better than #Obamacare and Medicaid has to be reformed to be viable in future. I suppose you want single payor.  #bankruptcountry
LOL!  Fake news!
Vote NO please. Address changes to ACA in committee
How are you going to stop this?
Agree.  Healthcare should not be partisan, illness isn't.
Good to hear your position.  Talk to @marcorubio!  He's the one who needs to understand the impacts  #noGrahamCassidy
Stay strong Bill, push them to fix the ACA!
some one in the federal government owes me a apology for the danege done to my life here forma )awall( officer of the air force,
Thank you Senator Nelson!  Rubio is useless for his constituents but a home run for his wealthy donors!
Thank you @SenBillNelson for standing up for Floridians!
Thank you Sen. Nelson for seeing this. Now if you could convince your colleague @marcorubio
Thank you Senator for continuing to work for your constituents.  Oppose this bill.
Thanks again Senator Nelson.

I truly believe the GOP will pay in 2018 if it becomes law
Ty!  Now knock some sense into Rubio!
Thank you @SenBillNelson for standing firm and protecting those who are most vulnerable
A little over a year until Senator Scott is introduced. Enough of these obstructionist that get nothing done.
I believe this. I would also like to hear more about how we fix ACA problems. For example, many middle income ind. and families do not ...
qualify for subsidies/tax credits and are paying very high premiums & deductibles. "Market forces" (Ins. Co's) are taking gross advantage..
..of this group of people. Of course those who have to pay only $75/mo for their Silver Plan are happy with ACA & they should be..but,...
...we must fix ACA for a fairly large group that sees no end to the current system taking advantage of THEM. Thanks for what you do Senator.
Thank you for speaking out against it! #NoGrahamCassidy
Keep fighting for Floridians and all Americans, Senator!
Ending Medicare as we know it is good for the country and everyone in Florida!  The system needs improvement: management and lower costs!
What qualifications do the Senators have in the healthcare industry.
@SenBillNelson  this horrible bill must be stopped

"Simply unaffordable."

AARP: Older Americans to pay $16K more under GOP ObamaCare repeal http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/351703-aarp-older-americans-to-pay-16k-more-under-gop-obamacare-repeal#.WcUjj0jF9o8.twitter …
Thank you!
Thank you, @SenBillNelson, for fighting for us.  These days are horrifying but we have to keep fighting.
Please...Get little Marco to vote like he cares about his constituents and not his party. We know that U have always cared.
You don't care about Americans. Just another loser Dem
Thank you Senator Nelson. Do everything you can to stop this.
If the republicans don't get it passed they will lose my vote period
Do you think you can get your buddy .@marcorubio to stand up with our fellow Floridians to #VoteNo on #GrahamCassidyBill
#Fuzzymath
My disabled child doesn't deserve preexisting discrimination, lifetime limits, limitless out of pocket, medicaid caps, & block grants! Help!
No she doesn't deserve to be treated that way. Hope and prayers for her
Thanks for your no vote and the hard work you are doing for your constituents!
Talk to @marcorubio about this Florida cannot afford this bill - vote for the people not the Koch brothers
Thank you @SenBillNelson, we can always count on you to stand up for your constituents!
Thank you for fighting for us.
Don't know what Floridians would do without you. Thank you.
I really looking forward to finding out. #votesocialistsoutin2018
