Stop forcing me to pay 800.00$ per month with a 10,000 deductible so that you and some others receive coverage for free.
We should be focusing on a #FullRepeal of this bad law.
Bill... Your vote gave us Obamacare... I always voted for you until that point... What's your answer to healthcare? @SenSanders single payer
You should be focused on getting along, and working together to make America great. #StandUnitedunderGod
"Making it worse?!" Congress; bad joke and nightmare for the American people. All of you should be fired for incompetence and/or corruption.
really Bill  the Obama  affordable health care Bill that drove my health care policy  to double what i was paying before Obama care ...
Why is the http://Fed.gov . in charge of our regular health care? No need! We get out car insurance, etc. I always got my own care
@daretothink53 convince @marcorubio of that please!!!
That's all the greedy #trumpforsale administration knows. We are in trouble
get full coverage for dentist and car injuries and laws past for the protection of non threatening citizens to this country.
this tweet is weeks old. Speak up NOW! there's little time. #resist 
Please try to get some no votes from the other side. This cannot pass. I'm a constituent and a nurse. I have ACA coverage and I love it.
you mean make taxes even higher. Gotcha. I will vote to replace you.
Yeah then maybe we can get another do nothing like Marco Rubio, gotcha? Hey maybe we can cut to the chase and just elect the lobbyists?
Looks like it my be Governor Scott. He will get my vote.
Not real worried about it, based on your inability to type a coherent sentence, you will probably republican no matter who run.
Sir! Correction, if I may? Health care title is OCare. Frankly, GOP should let it die and Democrats own for prosperity. 
Please get off your butt and do something that's what your paid for old timer. Don't ride the free train
as a constituent, I am begging you to withhold consent and commit to filibuster-by-amendment!!!!!!
Bill Nelson is a partisan hypocite. Thats the ugliest kind.
Re: the health care bill,  you need to stand up and be louder in expessing your views to this bill...
Please stop the republican HC bill.   We need affordable insurance.  My family, my husband and I are self employed, finally have AHC
#RareNotLess Floridians w/serious, long-term illnesses; children relying on Medicaid & elderly on home care ARE DEPENDING ON YOU MR NELSON.
Then stand up to Ryan. Those of us that can finally go to a doc need the ACA
What are you personally doing to stop the bill, which would throw thousands of Floridians off healthcare to pay for billionaires' tax cuts?
No it's not.  Obama care is
As good as Obama care, to which you had nothing but praise. What is your plan? Remember, health care is not a "right".
Healthcare is absolutely a right. No one should have to declare bankruptcy in order to save their life or the life of a family member.
Not the governments job to provide health care. It's your job to provide. Still not a right.
Socialism is a very slippery slope, beware.
Jobs don't often provide healthcare any more, esp. In FL.
I just tagged yr twitter account on 1 possible way to defeat Republican destruction of healthcare @ezralevin
Yes let's push for single payer/Medicare for all. Dems need a response to their shameless bill.
Everyone says GOP is working in secret & plans to pass a bill before July 4th. What can be done to block this disaster? #saveACA
I have lost several doctors who have retired. We need more drs and also drs who know how to treat lymedisease who have chronic lyme
Hey Billy! How can anything be worse than the Obama Care you voted for!!
Why don't you stop bellyaching and cooperate in the repair  
Would be great if you all could play in the same sandbox
Jacksonville
Marco Rubio Town Hall 5/31!

RSVP: http://www.indivisibleneflorida.com/rubio_empty_suit_town_hall …
We asked; he declined. 

We'll have the town hall without him! May 31st, 7pm. 

…
Got That Right!
Love Bill, when he was Florida Insurance Commissioner He went out of his way 2 help me get the surgery I needed so I could get back to work
Definitely.  If it passes America should be ashamed
If you care so much for our military why do we have homeless Vets? Why is VA impossible to use? Why don't you get them jobs? Work w/@POTUS!
Obamacare was also bad w/$1000 a month payment & $5000 deductible we couldn't afford. Give us the same HC we provide you!
@Backstorymom1 IMPROVING OUR HEALTH CARE SYSTEM SHOULD HAVE OCCURRED DURING PAST 7 YEARS BUT GOP REFUSED TO CONSIDER IT!
So I Assume You Will Be Onboard Sen. Sanders Medicare For All Bil Then
Agree make it more competitive. Open up states
The disaster Senator was your vote for Obamacare.  We know it utterly failed. If your prognostication is as good as your votes, it wins.
When will some Rebublucan stand up and be the hero. Marco!!!! ....Polo !!!
Then pull up your sleeve, cross the aisle, and make it right!
It's got to be better than the ACA AKA ObamaCare disaster.  It was  a job killer and left many hard working people with failed policies.
You should be focusing on WORKING TOGETHER to make health care costs more affordable  for EVERYONE.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator! This coming from a Republican voter, please, kill this bill!
So how would you suggest we do that Senator?
It's interesting how you've chosen not to reply to any of your constituents, Senator.  I will remember that.
You did such a great job on your last try
Stand strong for the American people, especially the old, the infirmed and impoverished.  Thank God I am not in that group. Not @ this time
Is it a better system now that pre 2010? I think not and your vote got us here, sir.
Totally agree!
Yes it is
This is a nation founded by people seeking FREEDOM.... not FREE...  socialism does not work... look around you ... learn from Russia, etc!
When was Russia socialist? Also, socialism is a spectrum.
Oh darn... your right... they just miss named it Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.... darn!  
It was a misnomer,  had you ever read Marx/Engels you'd know that.
Obamacare is failing, costing the taxpayers a fortune, and tripled healthcare cost and Nelson doesn't want to change it, idiot
The Dems had their shot and it failed.  Ready for a change, any change!  I work and can't afford Obamacare (ACA), how is that "fair"?
Do you honestly believe O'Care made health care better? Oh wait. You're exempt!
Thank you, Senator! Please keep standing up for us here in Florida! Unlike other senators who shall remain nameless (rhymes with Scobio...)
Obamacare is a disaster! Time to roll up the sleeves and take a bipartisan approach. gov't regs, cover existing conditions, competition
Thank you Senator for representing us who will be destroyed by this & Trump budget. Ready to help get you reelected! NEED you there!
Invest & Improve Gov't Services, State Dept, Schools, HealthCare, don't abandon what makes U.S great
Yes, yes, yes!!!  Keep after them, Bill!
Please fight this as hard as you can!
Is it hopeless to think that #gop & Dems will ever work together again for the American people?
Hope you have some plans for retirement.  The swamp is draining.
And OBCare is just wonderful with its high premiums and huge deductibles and insurers leaving so many markets.  Quit beating a dead horse.
Maybe if you got your head out of Schumer's ass you'll be able to read it.
Thats why you should be backing #SinglePayer and #MedicareForAll.
agreed
You made our healthcare worse with Obama care!!!  Need free market reforms to bring prices down!
You sir OWN the failing Obamacare health care system.  Senators who live in glass houses should not throw stones.
Really...my Senator from Florida...gave his all to NOTHING!  Lost my vote Sir.
Seriously? He never had your vote and he is still in office, I am sure we can thank you for the little do nothing Rubio.
Well there Miss Red...what you don't know is I did vote for him.  Never again.  Ruining our country with his BS voting
Preach
Absolutely, let's fix the problems and improve it for more people, not gut it and leave more people without adequate coverage!
You have no idea what it's been like for the middle class family under O-care! We are tired of paying more for less!!!
You think this new plan is better? Good luck with that!
Mr. Nelson now's the time you show us what you can do if you guys work together we can get a decent healthcare
Great. The education budget is a disaster too
You are the disaster,retirement is your best option
Thank you Senator. The AHCA is a total disaster & would triple premiums & couldn't afford pre-existing coverage. You have my support.
Bill, the disaster is Washington trying to control our health care from birth to death panels, unless you were lucky enough to be aborted.
yes bill, why didnt your party do it by NOT passing the ocare bill which caused this mess. Lying weasel you are
Your way too soft!  It's an Abomination!
Thank you, Bill.
Agreed! Thank you for all you do for FL and USA. Keep fighting!
Exactly. Keep fighting for the citizens of Florida Senator! 
You are part of the reason that we have 20T debt; no fiscal responsibility.
Thank you Bill. One of your constituents from South Florida
Thanks for NOTHING Bill. One of your constituents in North Florida.
Let's get universal health care like the rest of the world #MedicareForAll
Disagree with you!!!!
As a constituent, thank you for standing up to #Trumpcare on behalf of vulnerable Americans.
Thank you Senator for standing up for Florida!
You're just another political hack!
#MedicareForAll is the only answer
.@SenBillNelson But Bill, all you are doing is shifting the cost of healthcare, and adding USELESS federal overhead.  Zero cost reduction!
Single-payer health care. Medicare for all.
Then get in there and NEGOTIATE!!! Do Your Job!!! Be a Senator!  Understand. We DO NOT want a single payer system!!
Speak for yourself.
Counting on you to do everything to stop it.
You've known problems were coming in your bill yet none of you thought to correct and improve. Why condemn now? Why doesn't Congress use 1st
Fight for single payer.American's deserve what the rest of the free country's have!
No Senator Nelson it not a disaster.  The real disaster is the Dem spying on Americans.  That is criminal.  FISA told Dems to stop it.
Bill, how about some ideas? Your plan is in place and IT is a disaster. How about quitting? I would vote for that
Agreed!
+1 Senator. Keep holding their feet to the fire. Will be a long haul since McC thinks he's in driver's seat & his dreams are coming true.
Looking for your suggestions and leadership.  Nothing but crickets.
Sorry I disagree.  23/325=7%  this means 93% will have coverage.  If 7 is a big number, 93 must be huge.
Thank you for standing up for #Floridians and all #Americans!
Time to use common sense @SenBillNelson @marcorubio  Single pay catastrophic and personal pay supplemental insurance. There is that so hard?
NO to #Trumpcare  2.0 aka #wealthcare @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Please don't support whatever garbage the Senate Republicans come back with
Thank you Senator for opposing this disastrous bill. I don't understand the cruelty of Republicans!Fight the budget bill too!
And what about public education? Are we going to be focusing on making that better too? DeVos and her voucher scam are disastrous as well
We need some sorta tiered edu sys,where there are higher quality schools @top,but who could over see that sorta #pyramidschoolsystem!? hmmmm
Why haven't U been able to stand up to the insurers? U've had one- half (1/2) a century in politics to pass good healthcare
How do you propose we improve health care? We can't just be an anti Trump party.
Single. Payer.
@realDonaldTrump remember Bill your party passed ObamaCare with ZERO REPUBLIC VOTES. Y'all OWN ObamaCare. Putting PARTY over AMERICA?
Thank you
Obamacare is the disaster. Why don't you actually come up with ways to lower premiums for Floridians? Instead u sacrifice them for politics
.@SenBillNelson Forget lower premiums.  Make MRIs and CAT scans cheaper to perform.  Free market will force lower premiums. Free enterprise!
Yes but you seem to forget, the GOP will never rest until everything Obama did is reversed. Includes saving lives that they now will take.
Keep up the good fight! Trust me, Rubio knows what I think of this abhorrent plan!!!
Some illnesses that require expensive meds, could be helped with medical marijuana. Seizures is one.
That's a logical & sane statement which is why that would never come out of 45's mouth
This is a fight we have to keep fighting. Thank you for standing up for us.
Please reach across the lines and work to propose something better. Thank you.
They won't propose a damn thing. All these Democrats want to do is tax people go death and saying how that'll help people
Your right! Look forward to hearing you this weekend in Melbourne for @SpaceCoastOrch Cosmos concert.
Senator please stand up against this and also Trumps horrible budget bill too.
