
Democrat leaders have not only condoned this behavior, but have called for it. Be a leader, stand apart from your peers, stop their rhetoric
Is this a bot or a troll tweeting?
We are not in the same team. I just need a future that you destroy.
He was one of your wing nuts just like always

"United in Our Humanity". So we are all going to have equal healthcare, right? #WeThePeople #CreatedEqual #equalhealthcare #justice #unity
Bill denounce ur party of HATERS or ur with them. #LaughMyOsloff 
@SenBillNelson @senmarcorubio I urge you to oppose the AmericanHealthcare Act. It weakens Medicare & removes pre-existing condition coverage
No, you are a one world advocate. Try being a United States Senator. Racism is bad, Nationalism is good. Make America great. Goodbye Bill.
If your lips are moving it's sure to be the same old song and dance.
Then do your job
You're a Domestic Enemy of the United States of America. The whole damnable Democrat party. Don't even pretend like you love America.
Then support @potus - we the people voted for him - you SUCK

So why did you vote against Kate's Law?  You obviously are not concerned about Americans.
We are seeing a concerted effort by the Left to unseat a dually elected President. We, the Right, sure as Hell Not on the same team,Senator
Would Ur neighbor break into Ur home & stay there without Ur permission. requiring U 2 care 4 them. Fair immigration is only way 2 honesty.
Fund the wall and we will be more secure!!

#Save_America from #saudi gov. where are #RealAmericans now? Saudi gov is more dangerous than Iran.
I like you but your so soft and weak.  Learn to fight bill !!! Stop being a girly man. Grow a pair !!!
Dear Bill
Please open 2000 cold case murder investigation of #LoriKlausutis medical examiner #MichaelBerkland #nuts #storedbodyparts
Your just wasting Taxpayer money with the Russian investigation. Obama know about it so let it go. It's our money you could spend it better.
Bill HATER Nelson looses Big League 2 Gov. Rick Scott Fla #MAGA
I need you to be more vociferous against #DontheCon #ImpeachmentMarch
Support President Trump! End the witch hunt now! Wnougj
No, they are plenty here that are not or care to, build the wall!
Did you pray when Dems pushed this bill through? We notice you get big donations frm insurance comps 
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career&cid=N00009926&type=I …
This is a very realistic point of view senator,considering you are in congress. The largest group of partisan people in the US.

SenNelson since we're on the same team would U rise above the Party Strife &work wSenRubio 2pass a HealthCareBill that we can work w &afford
Ha ha your actions tell us differently!
It is an attack on every American with a small Expeption. The well off! & the ones we pay their Golden Health Care Plan In Congress. #AHCA
You've been our senator for 16 years. What do you have to show for it?
Stop lying! Ur party is full of HATE & contempt 4 USA 
I guess y'all should practice what you preach.
Senate Ignores Humanitarian Pleas to Stop Sell Saudis New Weapons https://youtu.be/sIOfdF0CjUo  via @YouTube
Its dad days in America I call it the dark days
Left caused this it's sick and crooked Hillary getting on news saying she part of resistance instigated violence,she is traitor
ngf gfb
I agreed, good luck
We're also praying you don't kill millions of your constituents by passing the #AHCA
Thank you Sen. Nelson! your care for our country and the people of FLORIDA!  We are #AmericansFirst
Well said sir, please remember that as you reach across the aisle to your Republican teammates and fix the ACA, tax reform, etc.  Thanks!
@CHeathWFTV   We are so cooperate and fix what's wrong with D.C.
Right we are Americans first!Pray the Repub. would put America first above the party that doesn't want to investigate Russian interference.
YourTweet was heartfelt.The hateful replies made me cry.The hateful replies have ignored all the hate comments from Trump,Nugent and Flynn.
Seriously...so why don't you and those lunatic liberals denounce the predicates that lead to this...AKA Griffin....time to lock and load!
Shame on you for betraying humanity and supporting the crooked POTUS  Saudi arm deal. You and Manchin, Warner, McCaskill betrayed Dems! Why?
My prayer is for the injured. But you are delusional if you think we are all on the same team. Dems continue to spread hate
Wrong Bill, although we're all Americans, the Republicans are not on the people's team. Disabuse yourself of that idea sir.
The Democrats, with their insidious behavior have promoted violence across the US. Be a leader; help stop this lunacy!
We used to be - before Trumpster
Great sympathy for those hurt, but we are not on the same team! Republican behavior has been worse than shameful! Teach them how to care!
Irony, GOP victims shot by AK type rifle that would have been covered by the ban allowed to expire by the GOP.
Pls join Sen. Blumenthal's lawsuit. GROW SOME! We didn't put u in Senate to lay low & safe.
Thank you!
Which one? #upsshooting
My humble, patriotic, loyal support to our country.  I will reserve cuss words towards the shooter...God almighty casts him in eternal hell.
Dems are always good at this, repubs not so much. They are never as quick to come to our side
That's why you are my favorite senator!  Class and patriotism.
Now if you could get congress to govern on we are americans first maybe beneficial to all agendas could be passed away instead of rich only
Oh yeah you are so upset about this incident! Yesterday you condemned the People of #Yemen !! The Iranians are not there! But you believe 
#USA MASTERS OF TERRORISM ONT HE WORLD
Are Democrats now harvesting from their hatred, vitriol and resistance?
You are my elected Senator here Now do the job we are being paid for by our taxes. Stop pretending to care when you have a photo-op
A Dem Senator called for "fight in the streets" Dem leaders seek to overthrow an American election w/ false charges. Dems arent American 1st
Fighting in the streets seems to B the next step for all those oppressed by this admin. Drawback is the Prez will turn to the coup he wants
Except they're not really oppressed. Just lawless followers/believers of Dem lies and agitation. Hateful and destructive.
A manacurist using a nail file and toenail clippers has to be state license but not a gun owner or gun.
Praying doesn't prevent gun violence.
Maybe NOW they will look at comprehensive gun legislation!
Praying is pointless.  Take action.
Praying is just a form of ... thinking.
dear senator, i as your brothe in Christ our father, ask all of you in washington to try to keep any more constitiution disregard,
...and run the likely risk of losing their healthcare coverage in the future if the "mean" AHCA bill passes in secret.
Well the democrats finally got want they have been working on since Trump won election, GOP  members being physically attacked, you won
If on the same team than this insane, hating, attacking, obstruction attitude wouldn't have been permitted but your side democrats leads it
I'm amazed that all anyone can talk about is the Democrats are at fault. This is not a party issue, it's an issue of innocent people hurt.
Too close for comfort Sr?..
Time to get tough in next senate meeting .  #GUNCONTROLNOW
The GOP baseball shooting is the 154th mass shooting this year, it would be great if Congress could try and make this country safer.
You could have fooled me, Bill. You have never been a team player.
He's just a hack for the democrats! That's the only team he supports. Pathetic excuse for a leader.
Less Democratic Firing up resentment including you Sen would calm down these events
Why have u not noticed all the hate and violence on the left? Why have u not called them out?
Then act like it all the time
so when have you stood up and called for Leftists to stop promoting assassination? Never
Tell that to Libs..hys·te·ri·a 
a psychological disorder, shallow volatile emotions, & overdramatic or attention-seeking behavior.
Disagree. A real American wouldn't speak to/agree with white nationalist, take health insurance from  millions of people, pollute the planet
Another Democrat who's just as responsible for instigating hate as MSM - this is what the Democratic party has done to the USA -
This shooter is a domestic terrorists. He should get life!
But u see Mr. Nelson, we obviously aren't on the same team. The left has become too intolerant and too violent. This needs to stop.
Hear! Hear!
then start treat us like Americans first, people like you and media are part to blame for this
You weren't praying for the victim when this happened in your state. I think your words were, it wasn't your #jurisdiction
If the Dems don't stop the hate speeches by dems - you'll likely see more. Between the press & the Dems - ppl will blame you. Stop the hate.
I am going to help campaign against you Mr Nelson. It is your party that is stirring the hate, and the main stream media. It has to stop.
Thanks for your voice of calm/sympathy/etc, Sen Nelson.
@cimarcos Amen!
Stop your people from fantasizing about killing POTUS.
Please remember that next time your members speak hateful rhetoric in your chamber!!
Look at tRump first. He sets the tone of hate and intolerance.
Not according to Loretta Lynch
All on the same team? Your party is nothing more than a group of bitter obstructionists, promoters of violence & greedy hypocrites.
Not sure to whom you're referring, @angieblackburn. @SenBillNelson is a Democrat. And we deplore violence.
when the Hell are you going to wake up! You jused to reasonable...now You turned into a Democrat Hack....you do Florida no good.
*We* are not praying (b/c *we* are not theists). *We* are begging you to strengthen gun laws.
You being part of the Resist movement may be partly to blame.
Troll
help stop the heinous attacks of family law on our citizens. Why do you ignore this issue?
we are Americans first. Time for prayers not politics.
Troll
I'm a troll bkcz I ask for prayers.not hate.
My mistake....hit the wrong tweet. Apologies abound.
haha. All good.
Thanks
Will we hear from the NRA or GOP who voted to allow the mentally disturbed to buy guns?
And you know he is mentally disturbed, how?
Mentally stable people don't use violence against strangers - presuming no prior relationship between shooter & politicians shot.
Really? Hmm, so hate has nothing to do with it? Interesting.
Hate tends to be irrational, anyway.
Then condemn the violence of the left.
Troll
Could someone in Congressmen reintroduce a bill prohibiting the sale of semi-automatic weapons, giving more fire power than police's?
Yea, that's the answer. SMH
yes sir*
To stop all of these senseless shootings, you should propose legislation that makes murder (and attempted murder) illegal.
sir*
yes sit
