Why didn't they apply for citizenship?
They are here ILLEGALLY!Average age for a dreamer is 26.Not children. Why do you NOT support the constitution and laws you swore to protect?
What about the 800,000 unemployed American DREAMERS. Put Americans FIRST.   NO DACA.
It would cost a lot less to just deport @POTUS44 and @FLOTUS
Americans are expected to learn Spanish to communicate with them.  They are not asked to learn English
#DREAMers whether by their choice or not, are still illegal immigrants. It's offensive to see them protesting as if USA OWES them.
WE'LL KEEP THE DREAMERS AND DEPORT YOU!
Shows how out of touch you are with your own people.  You should resign.
These "neighbors" come here and take our jobs and refuse to learn our language.
Many immigrate legally, I will support them. I will not support illegal immigration, neither should you senator
Thank you!
Right
#Congress has opportunity to act today to make dreams come true. Immigrants Make America great and its time to recognize that. #nopinchewall
Do your job & pass bill.  Gutless Congress left it for Pres Obama w/o authority.  Stand up now & quit blaming Trump!
Legal Dreamers need your acknowledgment and support. Pass #S281
Who will advocate for #Dreamers of LEGAL, tax paying #immigrants stuck in 70 year Green Card backlog #Fairness4Legals @SenatorDurbin 
Senator, sounds like you have some legislating to do! I think you should get busy!
Senator: its time for action against the most evil, corrupt administration in US history. Action now!
Yes investigate Obama , Lerner , Clinton, Comey , Ben Rhodes ,the list goes on ,almost too many to count.
Thomas....lets add you too!
Very true, so why not create a law that gives them a way to apply for citizenshup. Congress, do your job!
That would be amnesty. Nelson never met an amnesty he didn't love.
MS13 part of their contribution ?
Disruption with illegal marches carrying signs in Spanish! Are you ignorant of the facts or deceitful ?
How about following the law !!
And...they are here illegally.
Worry about the poor education system first. Is this what you represent?
https://twitter.com/StacyLStiles/status/905509266731216896 …
Americans are being denied jobs in the service industry because they are not bilingual.  Don't hear you saying anything about that.
Thank you Senator Nelson, but please take action to protect these kids. #DACA
The are not kids the average age is 26.
Dispicable move by a dispicable President.
Would Ur neighbor break into Ur home & stay there without Ur permission. requiring U 2 care 4 them. Fair immigration is only way 2 honesty.
It is ludicrous. GOP controlled congress stonewalled, Obama had to use executive power, and now they blame him. It is back on Congress now.
Somehow you forget the Liberal Dems held Congress for 2 years
They made the mistake of believing bipartisanship could work. Tactical error. plus gerrymandering and the GOP has been boss ever since.
Would Ur neighbor break into Ur home & stay there without Ur permission. requiring U 2 care 4 them. Fair immigration is only way 2 honesty.
@POTUS
How I feel  #NoDACA #CloseTheBorders #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll #EndImmigration
#votehimOUT #DeportThemAll  #Deportillegals #SorosShill  No matter how spin it NO to Dreamers taking any jobs that citizens can do..  NoDACA
No need to deport them Congress needs to get off its lazy butt and pass an actual law versus thinking our rules are make by kingly decrees.
You have 6 months and it would appear bipartisan support.  Actually do something for a change.
#votehimOUT #DeportThemAll  #Deportillegals
#DeportThemAll  #Deportillegals   DACA r illegal immigrants  they need to come in legally Get in line behind those that have been waiting.
Please do your job as a Senator to fix this then... the way it should have been done long before
All the President us trying to do is get you all to do your job and pass legislation on immigration.
Sounds like the ball is in your court Senator. Let's get to work on this!! Lots of talk, but President is acting (agree or not...)
Thanks for your support. #DefendDACA
Hope that illegals including DACA will vote for you in 2018.They are taking American jobs & get free healthcare that we are mandated to buy.
Your not worried about the healthcare premiums we can't afford but you are worried about people @BarackObama allowed & encouraged to come.
Please, sir, this constituent begs you get it done.
Would Ur neighbor break into Ur home & stay there without Ur permission. requiring U 2 care 4 them. Fair immigration is only way 2 honesty.
No matter how you spin it, NO to foreign nationals taking any jobs that citizens can do..  #NoDACA
If you really believe that, how about drafting a bill to that effect? #TalkIsCheap
Thank you!
Why didn't you do something to address this issue when Obama first implemented the executive order?
We need legislations written and submitted. Please. Take action ASAP. Your support is needed more than ever
They are illegal immigrants and they need to come in legally Get in line behind those that have been waiting #DeportThemAll #Deportillegals
YES!! Thank you for the support! Now, more than ever, does the immigrant community need you and your colleagues.
Oh get a life, you care nothing for your constituents and your 20 years overdue for retirement!
I don't agree.
Well...get off your butt and do something about it.
Bill, wake up, get off your butt, and remember, you are a part of the gov't that makes laws. POTUS merely enforces them, pre-Obama dictator
#fuckdreamers
They are illegal immigrants and they need to come in legally Get in line behind those that have been waiting #DeportThemAll #Deportillegals
I whole heartedly agree, 
Bill.
If you want Dreamers to stay, change the law congress, bit I guess it's easier to whine and complain.  Dems r dolts, Reps r cowards.
what say you, @marcorubio? Planning on joining your colleague?
Why didn't you pass law when you had majority? At your age that's a tough question. Term limits there coming for you.
Then pass a law giving them protected status. Have you ever even READ the Constitution? What a poor excuse for a Senator you are.
Then Congress should do something about it.
Get off your lazy a$$ and work with your fellow Senators to develop a new immigration bill.
Thank you for taking this stance in support of DREAMers. I look fwd to your right on their behalf.
They are illegal immigrants and they need to come in legally Get in line behind those that have been waiting #DeportThemAll #Deportillegals
Congress can't even pass a balanced budget and you opine about this?
This is silly.  This is about the rule of law. You senators need to do your job and fix this instead of exploiting the dreamers.
They came here illegally! If they desire to be citizens, then should have done it the LEGAL AND CONSTITUTIONAL WAY! #AmericaFirst
You are such a lire!  No one is deporting anyone, do you job get a Bill to the President to sign!  Stop trying to make yourself look good!
#BillClinton was impeached, he never left @realDonaldTrump will be there for TWO terms  Get comfortable with it
They are here illegally! I can not go to their country this way.
Those who have or are serving in the military should be fast tracked.
DACA is illegal.  Get with your congress friends and make an actual law for these folks.  Do something constructive for a change or quit.
Dreamers? This name is so disingenuous. We cannot reward people who came into this country illegally!
No matter how you spin it, NO to foreign nationals taking any jobs that citizens can do..  #NoDACA
Talk to your junior Senator! 
Btw: S.H.Sanders saying "unconstitutional"? Congress had 2 years to to lodge complaints! Please help the kids!
Retire
I'm sure lots of criminals make contributions to society, but we cannot just ignore crimes and make our own rules. Change the law if need be
I'm trying to get married and live the reast of my broekn legs for the rest of my life, and dreams I had destroyed by those responsible 2010
Thank you Bill. Plz I need to know where you stand on issues that are important to me. Can u give a synopsis of what is important to u
You are an embarrassing American follow the law sir.. we have Americans starving in the streets let's send them to school.. feed them
Thanks for speaking out! Wish our other Senator was courageous enough to do so also.
These stupid Senator's have done ZERO for years about this!  Now the President is pushing them to DO THEIR JOB AND GET A BILL TO HIM TO SIGN
Legislators should get right on that. Finally.
Sen Nelson this POTUS needs to be censured n impeached. He wants 23 mil people off healthcare and 800k in workers. Please stop him!
Please help draft legislation to codify DACA, Senator.
https://twitter.com/LucidHurricaneX/status/904615824174043136/video/1 …
#DeportThemAll  #AmericaFirst
Pass a bill. Make them legal residents. They work, go to school, pay taxes, pay a fee for DREAMer status. Do not betray them, thank you
They are illegal immigrants and they need to come in legally.  
Get in line behind those that have been waiting.
Maybe u can fund their needs out of ur own bank account.  The money they take up can be used for our veterans
A. They pay to be part of the program.
B. 91% are employed.
C. What needs are you talking about?
D. You are a tool.
Go strait into calling someone a name! Ur a tool for being ok with not follow laws set forth by our congress. You dnt like the laws petition
No...not straight (you misspelled it). It was #4 on the list behind facts. And we all are following (you forgot -ing) laws not set forth
By Congress (which is supposed to be capitalized).

Try turning off Fox and learn something.
You see... Ur a tool. U go after spelling, little stuff. Put ur time into knowing real facts and quit being so petty. Ur a waist of my time
"Waste"
DACA is unconstitutional!  If you want to change it, you need to vote for it.  Get to work.
Thanks Senator!
DACA is UNCONSTITUTIONAL Senator. You took an oath to uphold the Constitution. Do it!
Says the bot.
Please do your job to legislate #DefendDREAMers
#DeportThemAll
Get off your behind and fix this the right way,that's your job take care of it.
Nelson is a Soros shill who has worked for ILLEGALS Not Citizens he is on the Soros payroll just like @marcorubio @SenSchumer and the rest
Nelson speaks up for the illegals who could bc legal but not for SS, Vets, Homeless, Elderly, fix obamacare, Tax code change, the legal 1s
This wouldn't be an issue if u had been doing your job & found a solution.  What do we pay u 4? Work
Do something in Congress not just talk about it.  Pass a BILL!
Thank you Mr. Nelson!
Nelson why didn't you do you job,congress as had yrs to make it legal but didn't, when are you going to fix obamacare, SS, tax code, waiting
Time for Congress to do their job DACA are illegals who could've become legal but didn't, the courts ruled that it was Congress's job
It has to stop  enough letting everyone and everybody in is against national security #MAGA
Then you also need to stand up for Pensacola beach.   It's a land grab and you need to stop it.
A half-million people protected by DACA currently work in the United States . The Optional Practical Training program which lets aliens work
legally but gives them a bonus. It gives their employers a bonus for hiring them. The employers don't pay payroll taxes and neither do the
workers.
If they can pass 2 tests. Promise to put the English language 1st, n' then write an essay about what they want to contribute in their life.
Trump can't even write an essay intelligently let alone read it...Instead of impeachment he should be deported!
Laws are not created by a presidents EO. Balls in your court, 6 months to do something. You have NO accomplishments so far..
Maybe it's time legislation was created to protect them?
Dreamers came here illegally.  We have a system for immigration which they have ignored and now will face the consequences.
Obama created this mess, immigration laws are created by Congress NOT POTUS, thats why it was killed in the courts, it was unconstitutional
Fine they can stay at your house every democrat should take in a few to thier homes since you guys made this mess Obama needs a hobby pls
A. They have homes.
B. It's not a mess. 91% are employed. 0% have a criminal record.
C. Obama isn't doing anything.
D. Get a life.
Ok, and now its on your court now.
Thank you senator Nelson, you have the power do something about it...protect them or do we hold what parents over everyone's head! Act now!
Thank you for speaking out. Now, can you convince your colleague, @marcorubio to do the same? #DefendDACA
Nelson speaks up for illegals but not the working class, SS, Vets, homeless, help the legal citizens fisrt
Thank you Senator. I hope my other Senator shares your opinion.
You seem nice.
Then turn your words into action.
Preaching to the choir. It was the GOP led congress that refused to act for 8 years forcing Obama to take executive action.
