but the people in that country are only still renting this place it is by contracts of the Indian the native people, that place is theres
We are fighting for democracy here! Trump is slowly putting together a coup. GOP helping. STOP THIS PLEASE
we are tired of talking points. Trump is president because of the BS from the government. 2018 can't come soon enough - #MAGA
You need to stand with our @POTUS .  I am a registered Dem who voted for our President.  He is for our country and you need to be too.
Right, so we should not bomb them correct? Also please get out your statement on the alt-rt nonsense in Charlottesville
Elimine la compra de petroleo a vzla,los civiles no nos beneficiamos,el barco gob lo usa para reprimir y robar
God Bless you @SenBillNelson & @marcorubio for continuing to support ppl of #Venezuela #ConstituyenteFraudelenta #StandWithVenezuela
Please do something to restrain and or remove our very dangerous President. This last week has been surreal.
Let us support President Trump as he is doing right by us all

Thank you 
Tolerance is not possible with an enemy that can destroy democracy with Islamic fundamentalism, drug trafficking and human rights violations
Sir, are you paying attention to what is happening to our democracy?
When did you decide the American People should be sold out to the highest bidder?  Who is leaking from the Senate?
We must stand with the people of America as we fight for our democracy. Build the wall!
So why are you working so hard to bring socialism here? Repeal Obamacare and all non-enumerated powers of the fed!
Let the people of Venezuela work it out themselves. You have no right to interfere.
Do whatever you possibly can to prevent a war with North Korea. War powers constitutionally belong to the Congress.
Mr.nelson you need to fund the wall to keep America safe
Why can't you stand up for the citizens of the USA?  You old establishment people need to step down.  You're hurting us.
not another war.  or maybe Devos brother Prinz will get that contract before he's given Afghanistan.  will fallen mercenaries be heroes?
Bill, try to focus on America's business.
Thank you so much for your effort to help us. We need support from US, Maduro government uses security forces to kill our people.
I'm worried about our own democracy.
But, I hope the people of Venezuela prevail.
Disparity breeds unrest, hunger breeds desperation. 1/2
And, from what I hear the Venezuelan system of checks and balances has been ignored and trampled upon by Maduro.
Sad.
2/2
The UN needs to deal with Venezuela not the USA
We must continue to stand with the people of Guam as we negotiate for their democracy #StupidLiberalLogic
Why don't you stand with the voters in Florida ... 2018 you will be looking for a new job ..
good mornong senator . that you for your eamil to me and the fact we do have a active man in the ooffice, still i have not been helped,
Fund The Wall
Thank you for your support. We need stronger sanctions against the dictator @NicolasMaduro #SOSVenezuela
thank you senator!
Please keep on speaking up on social media and let's show our support as Americans and Floridians, Senator. 
Why doesn't Bill Nelson start standing for all the people in the USA instead of special interest groups?  USA first
Who's fighting for our democracy?? Haley gives up, The Trump doesn't care. My Congressman retweets everything DJT Tweets..
@ActDontReact yes!! and we hope the entire world is standing w/the U.S. as we fight for our democracy.  #illegitimatePOTUS
Venezuela is in the condition it is because of Socialism.  Power always corrupts especially when the money dries up.
Please fund the wall!
Thank you Senator Nelson, but I'm a little busy right now fighting for for our own democracy, please help us first. Then we'll all help
them
Interesting comment - your party seems to be indicating it wants to go in the same direction that Venezuela's dictator wannabe is going
If we stand with the people of Venezuela, figure out how we can arm them.  People without guns are not free people. Thank God for 2A.
Let's hope the people are the winner
How about working with the RNC on making our healthcare bill better? Worry about U.S. then we can help other countries. #HealthcareBill #USA
https://twitter.com/ChildofLight16/status/891763659101351937 …
@SenBillNelson - we r fighting for OUR Democracy!
We r organized & working w Am Promise to get the signatures 4 a Ballot Initiative.
Pls RT!
Let us fight for democracy in the United States before we spend time and money elsewhere.
How about fighting for citizens of our country first.  Nevermind, you won't be in the Senate long.
Why don't you just move their!!
What does this mean?
Just remember this, @SenBillNelson cares only about one thing; his re-election!
There's plenty to worry about as one scans the globe and here too our institutions are under withering attack. But we're alive & in action!
How about Florida, Bill? How about Florida................
Well they are in this condition because of socialism, something many Dems and Reps support.
Our own democracy is in danger too but i also pray for the people there too
I agree, but what have we done so far? Nothing apparently!
Yeah and keep f...ing your constituents with your obstructionism
That what Nelson is, a yes man. against Kate law he states will overcrowd prisons
Trump doesn't hire 'yes men' like Obama.
Amen!! Dead Weight!!!
It is in America's best interest as well as overtly humane that we support the struggle for democracy anywhere in the world.Thankyou Bill.
We need to stand up for our democracy first.
Nice work on doing noting on Obama care.  Lots of Floridians will remember. Your day will come, but not soon enough. MAGA!
We need to fight for our Democracy and Impeach Trump/Pence!
We don't have a Democracy.
Bill Nelson do your work here. Stop talking about Venezuela, I hope you lose your set next year and someone from Fl will do the job for FL.
I join your hope this is Nelson's last term. He has become the "no" person with "0" ideas other than reelection. Obamacare didn't work.
Power is all politicians care about, not the people, he does not read your tweets!
I'm betting you're right. Nelson is arrogant and dead Weight
You should concentrate on repeal and replace of Obamacare Venezuela need to take care of their own problems.
So you're okay with socialist dictatorship?
"Continue to stand with" = ?
Please stand w us too. We have a crazy man in the oval office destroying our country and values. As a Floridian I hope you will stand for us
Don't wait for Nelson... his only stand is what his party says he should do... that's why he voted for Obamacare
Oil.
Rubio has over 2M followers. You have 69k. Please Senator increase your followers by tweeting to your constituents. Keep us advised!!!!
I hope he only has 69k voters next election. What a dud!
We need a strong vocal Democratic senator to energize Fl Dems. Your silence on twitter is deafening. You need to be tweeting a lot more.
Nelson has nothing to say, other than "vote for me"..give him a break
You have been very silent on serious issues in our govt! Why are you not speaking out on the White House, or underhanded methods by GOP.
He isn't going to condemn that which he endorses.  He and other establishment Reps are working together. Believe me.
There are more pressing issues in this country senator. A big step in solving them would be removing the current occupant of the whitehouse.
And take yourself when you're done Nelson. What a dud
Agreed!  USA must help Venezuela revert back to a democracy.  We can not afford another Cuba/North Korea type government in our back yard.
I can't wait to vote for ur opponent. #ProudFloridian  #Vote2018
Whoever it is HAS to be better than Dead Weight Bill
Do not negotiate with anyone from Maduro regime, they all have to go.  Do everything in your power to knock them out!  Leopoldo Lopes 
We must vote you out for not repealing Obamacare
Yes! I'm in!!!
We are fighting for democracy right here at home too, from a tyrant
No you just want free shit pa d by someone you deem evil.
As the world stands with the United States as we fight to keep ours.
Thank you @SenBillNelson  
You are for the people of Venezuela but you just failed your voters in Florida.
How could you allow Obama-Care to continue?
Hey, give Bill a break. He was told to vote for a bill no one understood and doesn't work, but he did what he was told. Dead Weight!!!!
Amen!!
Like I said, I'm watching.
I hate to say it Sen Nelson,but America is fighting for our democracy! We have a dictatorship in our Whitehouse who needs to be GONE!
Two dictatorships in a row.
I hear you Senator, but seriously, call me selfish, if I say I'm slightly more concerned about our democracy right now.  We're next.
He stands for himself. Dead Weight!!
Thank you. I agree and hope Venezuela is in the forefront every day.
Stop voting for bills we all hate.
He can't help it... he only does what his party tells him to do. Check his record... no backbone
Let us take care of our issues first
Agree. But yeah, we're fighting our own battle of survival here. Hopefully our institutions remain strong.
We are fighting for our own democracy here. We could use some help!
Give him a break, he's waiting for his party's script!!

Hoping to turn your seat red .. fix America first.  Support a second special prosecutor.  #sethrich
Ehhhhhhhhh, naw. We should just tell them to fuck off. Let their society collapse by itself. Maduro assassination=Best thing that can happen
With supreme respect. Our democracy is falling right here, right now.  What are we going to do about it?
Right now I feel we are fighting for our own. WE come first on this one. #Impeach Trump/Pence.
I'm a Level..need support esbmiami@aol.com
