keep playing theese games senator, 2018 is coming fast.
Yes. We need to take care of our beaches & Everglades. Ty for speaking out. I've contacted ur office & appreciate it.
you vote NO on everything and everyone called a Republican - not so when you were voting for the Democrats - everything a yes
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you from a fellow Floridian!
stop wasting taxpayer money on all the game playing. Get to work doing the job you are paid to do. I'm ashamed to be a democr
We will vote NO on ur re-election.
thank you
Here you go again. Voted yes for Zinke. Bill Nelson lost my vote already but now is actively corrupt with GOP.
WHAT SENATOR ARE YOU DOING ABOUT THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE IN THE WHITE HOUSE?  PROTECTING AMERICAN SECRETS FROM HIS BOYFRIEND, VLADIMIR.
Support your president!
You are a fool
Now, how can you get rid of Pruitt?? Look @what these idiots R doing to our country! There must be a way to get rid of him!?
Older Floridians need to unite and remove this left-wing nut from office.
you have to show up to vote
If Trump was a Dem impeachment would be underway. Congress irresponsible to allow a lunatic have nuclear code.
Thank you for being our voice.
can NOT wait to see you defeated. Have you not heard the voice of the Movement? You will come Election Day.
being a "good boy" for your cronies will not get you re-elected. Support your President!
support your President and don't be an obstructionist like the rest of the Dumbocrats!
I hope we start drilling off the coast of Florida. Lots of oil.
You need to grow a pair. Confirm the qualified! You' re part of the swamp needing to be drained.
the overwhelming majority of counties in your district went Trump. We are organizing now to remove obstructionist like you.
disappointed at your vote Yes for Interior Secretary  awaiting your Wilbur Ross result for Commerce. #Resist NO Gorsuch!
i will vote NO on your reelection.  peace out!
thank you, Senator Nelson.
Keep being an obstructionist. It's not like your blind adherence to a failed ideology isn't hurting us or anything.  #2018
Thank you for doing all you can to protect our beautiful, but fragile Florida coastline. You are a true Floridian!
Seriously disappointed in your support of #WilburRoss. His ties to #Russia and #Corruption are known!
http://thehill.com/homenews/senate/321473-senate-confirms-wilbur-ross-as-commerce-secretary …
We need new blood representing #Progressives in #Florida. You're part of the problem. This is known information!
I Will campaign for the person running against Bill Nelson. You lost my vote.
You lost my vote if you run again when you voted for Ross today. I'm done.
but you voted for Ross w/ties to Putin? And the Cyprus Bank?
what did you do? Wilbur Ross for Commerce? No way. SOS corruption alert! #resist #impeachtrump
What about Rick Perry. Will you vote NO for him?? He is NOT qualified
Now we need to find Republicans who will put people before party to defeat Gaetz legislation.
Thank you Senator Nelson.
good! Cause we're watching.
Pls ensure full investigation 2 the USSR role in our political process. It can't B covered up. Remind all they work 4 us. TY
I agree! #EPA
Thank you for your work! Keep pressing on!
Laying low..? We've decided to hold those accountable that voted for the disaster that is Obama Care. I VOTE former Senator
I just read what appears to be the White House transition page re: immigration. It lies.
How can banning news organizations be okay? Where is freedom of speech and freedom of the press?
dear Senator: where r u? Just called your office to ask for a town hall meeting. Need independent investigation #russiagate
isn't it time for you to retire had enough your liberal ideas
Senator Nelson's ties to the Democratic Party...
Thank you!
@crazylary51 Thank you for doing the right thing!
Behind the polished look, pressed suit is a RADICAL LEFT-WINGER... You don't represent our views/Floridians...
Thank you, Senator Nelson!
Please pursue Trump's Russia connection vigorously so we can see what is really driving his love affair with Putin.
As you do on every Republican nomination. Your team has obstructed every person or policy present.
What's new?
career socialist politician who needs to go to pasture
I will vote no for you.
Thanks Senator.
thank you!
vote yes you are only trying make thing work slow. Do you think slow is better. Send lost get over it like we did 8 years ago
thank you!
TY senator
you vote no I vote no to you.
please become more publicly vocal in criticizing the foolhardy actions and policies of this administration. Your voice needed
Environment is precious but regs created by unelected lifetime Gov't employees influenced by special interest is wrong! @SenBillNelson
thanks for speaking up for us Floridians
keep on fighting for us! Most of us believe in ethics
Obviously that didn't help.  Make sure we are aware of anything he wants to do that negatively impacts Florida.
I appreciate your good sense and insightful explanation on the issues. Keep up the good work & thank you for your service.
Thank you Senator!!!
Good try Senator.  Pls don't let him do to FL what's done to OK - fracking earthquakes, groundwater pollution, etc.
I'm a constituent, who voted 4 you. PLEASE demand an investigation into Trump/Russia or my vote will go elsewhere next time!
quit playing politics and DO right by AMERICANS!
Thank you for voting against nomination of @AGScottPruitt. I wish @marcorubio had your sense of leadership. We'll remember.
Please don't support the House vote to allow the killing of wildlife IN THEIR DENS.  VOTE NO ON SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION 18.
Thank you for all you do for us @SenBillNelson! Stay strong and #persist  Don't stop fighting for us, we will be there for you in 2018!
You're a rock star!!!!
thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
you have my vote! Thank you for standing up for us!
Congratulations for standing against what is wrong, murky, misleading.  Kudos!
thank you Bill!
thank u Sen. Nelson!
Thank you!
oil is the future and will never be removed. You vote no because that's what democrats do.
you have done nothing for Floridans nothing ,0.nada ok
we want you to resign
although you supported Hillary, and her ties were Saudi oil. $ millions contributed to her campaign. #partypolitics
Thank you for trying to protect Florida and America!
Thank you Senator Nelson!!
thank you for representing us!
Thank you!
.@SenBillNelson Please convince @marcorubio to join you in voting NO to Pruitt. We do not want to see oil rigs from our beaches. #NoPruitt
@Doramary Thanks for trying to do the right thing on this. Plz don't stop fighting. Some of us care about 
you represent the state of Florida why do you do nothing to stop trump?????????
thank you for voting no on #pollutingPruitt !!!
Thank you for voting no. Can you get @marcorubio on board with you please?
Help us Senator
TU 4 standing up 4 principles. PLEASE stand up for FL's survival as part of this planet + against mining. I'm a constituent.
thank you! This Floridian applauds your no vote! 
what's new
Good for you.
Thank you, Senator Nelson, for standing up for a healthy climate.
thank you!
Thank you from South Florida!  cc:@marcorubio
Of course, you'll vote party line Democrat!  #outoftouchliberal
Thank you for representing us!
Much support! No on Pruitt!
thank you for an intelligent thoughtful decision.  Please continue to vote for the best for our country.
Thanks!
Thank you, @SenBillNelson
Scott Pruitt’s ties to the oil industry are deeply concerning and Floridians can't afford the risk. I’ll vote no on his nomination. 
thank you for standing up against this nomination. We support you!
thank you for putting Florida first!
Thank you for standing up for Floridians.
thank you senator for representing us.
At least you are going to finally do your job.   I can't wait to vote no for any of your reelection attempts.
thank you Senator!
..so grateful ur my Sen when we've got a delusional, dangerous amateur in the WH!  Thank you for ur hard work...keep it up!
hope in 2018 you are willing to face the majority of us who voted for Trump and will remember your lack of support!
thank you Senator.
Thank you, Bill Nelson!!  Now please try to get @marcorubio to see the light.  #epa
Two GOP Senators from Florida in 2019?
Party before country.  It's certainly time for term limits.  Try to vote FOR the country some day.
thank you!
Gasp, what a surprise. You would vote no, no matter who is nominated. I will happily vote no in 2018.
Good. THAT should keep your big donors happy.
@marcorubio please impeach @realDonaldTrump please
thank you
Can you find 5 Republicans to help? Forget senators from ND and WV
is doing the right thing by voting NO on Pruitt for EPA. I hope @marcorubio will put Florida first and vote NO also.
Thank you for that, Senator Nelson. Any chance of talking some sense into Rubio now so I can stop sending him notes?
@ibascary1 as every conscientious senator should
seems you're having a hard time thinking (and speaking) on your own. Who's your biggest donor?
I have ties to the oil industry too, some of my mutual funds are in that industry so I guess you'd vote against me too.
thank you so much, NW FL constituent
Thank you Senator Nelson!
Thank you, Senator! We will not forget you voted in favor of your constituents and our environment rather than Big Oil.
thank you! Will you be having any local town hall meetings during your break?
???
this outcry of thank you's in so amazing, Florida is beautiful and so are it's people
At least Floridians have 1 US Senator voting intelligently.
a pipeline is being built from Orlando to glades. You're taking on Twitter. ALL TALK NO ACTION
Hello @marcorubio
thank you!
hopefully @marcorubio will grow a set and do the same, but unlikely! #littlemarco #voteNO
THANK YOU!  We need you to keep standing up to this destructive administration.
Thank you!
thank you Sentor for your position.  @marcorubio please help Florida. Vote no to Pruitts nomination.
Thank you @SenBillNelson !!!
I'll vote no for your re-election.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator.!
Thanks Senator
Just a Democrat being a Democrat. Remember, former Senator, 2018 is coming!!
So what's new? Meanwhile,contrary 2 MSM rptg, Speaker Ryan on Hannity, tonight,confirmed they are on sked & in step with Pres
thank you Senator Nelson  and the group @indivisiblefl12 #indivisiblepasco thanks you!
Can the vote be delayed? OK is forcing him to release his emails.
thanks!!
thank you for your no vote on Pruitt and for taking care of Florida's environmental concerns.
ever single democrat needs to vote NO. And any sane republicans, you have to be able to find a few...please try.
I will be voting no on your next reelection bid. Hopefully, for America's sake, you retire before then.
Thank you, Senator Nelson!
Thank you, Senator, for thinking about the environment before profits. I hope @marcorubio will do the same.
You need to start listening to some of your constituents. I've contacted your office, No responses, very sad.
thank you Senator!
Thank U.  Grass root movement to take our country back from imperialist DT notices ur actions
Thank you.
Thank you for your vote.
thank you!!
Thank you for voting No on Pruit. This is the right choice for FL and the country!
sadly it is time we started voting no for you Senator, and I have voted yes for you each time. Let's see were you stand SCJ.
thank you Senator 
do the Democrats have any fair-minded, unbiased adults in the room?  The People should Always come before the Party.
