Honorable Senator lest you forgot it was your vote for Obamacare that got us into this mess, without the Republicans.
The ACA is dead now - Paul - you are experiencing what Republicans think is adequate healthcare - it is now Trump Care.
Bill, while you've been out raising money, he has tried the bipartisan route. Too bad the Dems won't participate!
Thanks Pres. Trump!
As a Floridian I can speak for alot of constituents WE WANT YOU OUT!ACA burdened tax payers,high premiums PPL can't afford ACA
That health care law that you Dem geniuses passed that raised premiums on average what 70% +, yeah undermining.
Chris Clark

The bot-iest bot I’ve ever seen! 1 followers, 68 following, and no profile or bkgrnd pic? Hello?!! Block.
Can we have 45, his admin, & the GOP arrested for mass premeditated murder? Asking for a few million friends ...
POTUS won't approve subsides to insurance companies bc it's illegal, he's following the law, congress never approved it, Obama broke the law
Thank You, Senator Nelson
Not up to the government to provide access to health care, but the ACA should be in place for some regulation.
Tweets are good, but Congress must take action to stop the continuing assault in our democracy. #25thAmendment
Funny (odd not haha) you didn't need bipartisan support to force Obamacare on us........
Also Congress needs to approve CSRs
This is just another horrible decision to take away Health Care for Americans. He is totally irresponsible in his disregard for our ACA
The gov subsides is illegal, congress never did their job in 8 yrs to approve it, POTUS refuses to break the law
Do people really read this garbage for someone who helped destroy our health system with ACH aka Obama care?!
ACA is Obamacares. ACH is close to AHCA or Trumpdontcsare.
You guys always miss the meat of the message.. is Sen Nelson really going to work with republicans?
I don't think so
Yes this doesn't hurt you
Thank you for not giving up.  A family should not have to be an illness away from bankruptcy.
ain't got no healthcare.  Got sky-high Premiums And Deductibles Though.  Can't Afford The Affordable Healthcare Act
The money for the subsidies to the health insurance companies never went through the Hose appropriations process, and therefore was illegal!
Thank you, sir
The Affordable Care Act caused my insurance rates to skyrocket, while curtailing my options. Not good!
Senator Nelson  stop with the Democrats talking points!  We are tired of your lies and hypocrisy!   High premiums & high deductibles = 
Bill Nelson, I appreciate that you are capable of empathy, unlike many people who respond to you. Thank you.
Bill talking out of both sides of his mouth again.
Sick of the crap from Dems & how I'm getting f***** from them.  I CAN & WILL VOTE YOU OUT IN THE NEXT TRIBAL COUNCIL -- INDEPENDENT VOTER.
@SenBillNelson WATCH THIS & LEARN! The Open Mind, What's the Matter with the Democrats?
Idiot is scared of Rick Scott and trying to convince everyone that he cares. All but the liberal lemmings know the truth Billy boy.
Since this destruction of our healthcare system I will become uninsurable I’ll just go to the emergency room when I get sick
We need term limits
I live in Jacksonville and I support @realDonaldTrump 100%
Honorable Senator Nelson, by forming groups, and able to purchase across state lines and covering pre existing conditions is what is needed.
ACA should provide some regulation and watch out for price gouging. That's it!
@RosLehtinen @marcorubio @SenBobCorker @LindseyGrahamSC @BruceTurkel #Disdain 4 Obama shouldn't be the driver that hurts Americans in need!
This is a typical Democrat Bullcrap statement. There is no intent by Democrats to work on bipartisan solutions on Obamacare.Stop lying to us
Time to retire.
Ocare is filled w wasteful government bureaucracy
Plan  was when Hillary won then we would have to make Healthcare Universal since it would be UNAFFORDABLE!
Blah blah.. why don’t you work to correct the problem instead of this incessant demagoguery
Yes, we are not expendable
Dems have to do something. DM me. I’m an RN. I have some ideas
What action is the Senate taking to put an end to this insanity?
Don't work with him!
U have the audacity to say this when u lied CONSTANTLY about Obamacare?  Many providers have left here in FL
He is doing the business we elected him to do, unlike the welfare recipients in Congress...
So, a guy walks into insurance co and says I need $mil policy for my wife's life. "Is she here." No, she passed 2 weeks ago.  Just need $
Do you think Moron45 understands this just moves us closer to #MedicareForAll ? He'll have a hairy fit when he figures it out 
Bill,  what have u done to fix the ACA.  Nothing that I see
If it's illegal you can't undermine it. We're just getting things legal again
what is the point of passing Congressional Legislation, if the Chief Exec can delete it in one stroke of a PEN? It's AUTOCRATIC DICTATORSHIP
What have you done to help the ACA?
Please work quickly.  Lives depend on it.
When can he be impeached. He presents a clear and present danger to the US. He has lost all confidence of the majority of Americans.
Court ruled unconstitutional!  Why does Congress put appropriation to Executive branch when not legal. Maybe so cost would not look so bad?
Democrats need to retake the House and Senate and fight for #MedicareForAll. That is the only solution.
Stop talking about bipartisanship. Republicans will never agree to anything except screwing the American people.
Great statement but let's see some action
How is it that a President can undo what was passed by congress? 3 equal branches of gov't ?
with 2 strokes of a pen, our 45th just signed death warrants 4 his citizens & bankrupted rehabilitation & nursing facilities. THAT'S a CRIME
And yet you've still did nothing to fix Ocare.
revoking Legislation PASSED by Congress via Presidential Proclaimation is NOT GOVERNANCE-it's AUTOCRATIC DICTATORSHIP-25th Amendmt NOW.
ow we're going back to being denied or positively UNAFFORDABLE. this is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE! [full stop]
Here is my FULL STATEMENT...you EITHER decide that you want to make this Country better or YOU will lose my VOTE!
Iligitimi non carborundum. Need your strength. Stay the course
 God bless.
this is NOT even the promised "repeal & replace"--just pure SABOTAGE! how many nursing homes, children, care personnel is this affecting???
Can anything be done to halt his executive order? What can we do as voters?
Some
My kids can't afford such high rates and deductibles are illegal to me. Why can't you Dems get working instead of playing at being a Senator
Please hurry before he kills me. Thank you
I appreciate everything that you do every day for me and my family. Keep it up. We are 1000% behind u. Great job @SenBillNelson
"Bipartisan" = leftist code for "Our way or the highway"
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator Nelson fir your continued efforts.
Wrong again. Healthcare is not affordable under #Obamacare and subsidies was only making insurance companies rich.
Obama care premiums are out of control. Anything else is better than high premiums.
Bot
What will you do specifically to protect the people of the US against this POTUS and his seemingly unilateral ability to destroy lives?
Why don't you introduce legislation to fund it instead of illegally stealing the money as obysmal did?
Thank you Senator Nelson!
Obamacare doubled my premiums and reduced coverage. @marcorubio @val_demings      You're supposed to represent me and I support the @POTUS
Im up to 1200 monthly with 15k deductible family of 5.  Making less than 4 years ago.  You voted for this and somehow people vote for you?
Please congress get together and fix what is wrong all that is happening is both sides telling each other they are wrong.  Babysteps to fix
Will you support universal healthcare now?
.@SenBillNelson Senator, we need you to defend #Floridians that rely on #ACA #Subsidies to #survive. #Filibuster everything and #ShutItDown.
Only subsidies Trump has impacted are to insurance cos.  I thought you lobs HATED insurance cos!  He needs to cut Congressional subsidies.
Thanks.
Using my delete key. Obstructionist views unimportant
Do something about it you can
Thank you for representing us in Washington. My other senator and house member are not.
Help us dont fight http://us.How  abt if u take over my monthly premiums?Only $779month 4 insurance with $6000 deductible
Thank you Senator Nelson.
Those "payments" were an unconstitutional Obama edict. Still refusing to live up to your oath to support and defend our Constitution, huh.
Bill, we need help. I’m single, work full time, and am a student. I will be 40 this year and facing another surgery. I’m losing hope...
And will I be able to afford insurance next year to keep my health conditions under control? I’m scared. Upset. Depressed.
Thanks, Bill, go back to sitting on your hands with Nancy and Chuck.
Good intentions, but Not sufficient.   DTs tyrantical use of the Executive order is SERIOUS. NO TIME TO LOSE!  @Impeach_D_Trump
Thank you President Trump. The American people are  behind U. Make America great again!
Get on board Nelson or get lost.  #florida
Florida rejected Medicaid Expansion pricing tens of thousands out of being able to afford healthcare.  What have you done to fix this?
Words. Too many words. Need action. Where is it?
ending illegal, under-the-table payments, senator: don't skip on the facts
Thank you for another year of increased premiums. Affordable care just won the boneheaded oxymoron award for the 5th year in a row.
Please stop this if at all possible!
We need more like you.  Keep up the good works and give the Repubs hell.   Signed:A voter in Florida.
hey nelson tell the public how the subsidized payment to insurance comp are illegal bc Congress never approved it and Obama broke the law
You on ObamaCare? I think not. You're a LIAR!
USA has been unraveling week by week since Nov. Healthcare, trade, foreign relations, etc. Russia is being aided by weakening of USA.
Let's keep it up. Will be soon and officially a banana republic. Trump and most GOPs are nothing but scum.
Cant wait to vote you OUT!
What will you do to protect our health care?
U voted for this crap 2 start with won’t need anymore of your input yes man

Do not trust you!!!!
Where was your statement when premiums doubled for 93 million small business owners and self-employed?
Seriously though...we know why your pissed..TRUMP is end running your PD OFF ASS...he's NOT bought by Big Insurance...#draintheswamp
Who cares what you think, you are a poor politician, and need to resign
What a dummy. How much campaign $ did you get for that??
Thank YOU, sir.
You're toast!
Yayyyy u
