Here in Florida, @MarcoRubio is very much to blame.  His vote might have made a huge difference.  All Floridians need to let him know
No one should mess with the Second Amendment politicians use these deaths for political gain nothing else.
Second amendment calls for regulation
Think about this you have people in the Senate and Congress that I useless they make money from lobbyists against the American people
...you mean like the NRA and Health-Insurance companies?
Enforce laws to show people crime pays
What law would have stopped the #LasVagasShooting
NO MORE HIGH POWERED AUTOMATIC WEAPONS ALLOWED FOR SALE TO THE PUBLIC!
That would not have stopped the shooting
Why?
we need to be able to protect ourselves. Thankfully we have our 2nd Amendment
People with guns were helpless. Republican myths.
I'll take the guns...and, you can savor your myths
Pulling a gun in the Lad Vegas attack would have gotten you shot by police looking for a shooter and you couldn't have shot the shooter
Then, only take them down after some legislation is passed that might have prevented or reduced the number of dead.
I honor of those killed in mass shootings, please hang poster for each (with picture and age) in Senate gallery for all to see each day.
We've been standing up. Please stand with us, Senator. Push laws for gun control. Vote against silencers. It's not at some point, it's now.
Was a silencer used in this attack? I don’t understand the correlation
There wasn't, however the initial sound of gunshots made people run. There's a bill up for vote soon to make silencers easier to buy.

Thank you Senator Nelson for not taking money from the #NRA
Yes thiscall stems from domestic violence, see I called police to help all I got was we can’t get involved this gives them power
At some point?  Saying "enough is enough" now!  #GunControlNow 
As an elective representative from my state "stand up and say" loud and clear "enough is enough." Speak for us, as we speak for ourselves.
Apparently, Sand Hook was not enough. Prayers and thought are pointless without action.
Get a gun and protect yourself like most do. Oh I forgot liberals don’t like guns or cops.
Wow! Chargresjim, I am a Democrat AND have a gun! Bit I don't have an assault rifle cause I don't plan on killing 59 people FOR no reason! 
Well u should try to shoot one. They are great for target practice. I don’t own one but have shot one many times defending your freedom.
Take to the Senate floor PLEASE and stand up to the NRA.  Donations will ensue!
Sens and Reps should have a daily reminder of the people we are losing due to their inability to act.  See the faces of the dead each day.
You can't legislate crazy, and he was using guns that are already illegal. Where did he get them?
4000+ Americans killed by ILLEGAL ALIENS EVERY YEAR! But you can't seem to get ENOUGH of THEM. WHEN WILL YOU STAND UP FOR AMERICANS? #FRAUD
Can you be more specific? What does "stand up and say enough is enough" equate to, legislatively speaking?
Thanks for this:
Fix healthcare already!
That some point is NOW!  We're over hearing thoughts & prayers while Congress continues to bow to the NRA. Vote against silencers THIS week!
Why does anyone need a SILENCER?
Tbe excuse is that hunters need to protect their ears. The truth is that sales are lagging and the NRA is calling in a chit.
Please do not allow silencers on guns to be legal! Can you imagine the terror?
You are right. Let’s get rid of psychos on drugs and violent illegal aliens. Oh yes and Democrats shooting Republicans at baseball games
Most of the violence and fake protest are being incited by liberal leftist Democratic org and Anti-American Media.
i was not lost my life senator Bill. but i am lost every thing else if i wanted to just be a man of good will. Thanks to the year of 2010,
So agree @SenBillNelson
we elected Trump to POTUS, nelson is nothing but a roadblock, illegals, drugs, and criminals are here, get rid of them,I'll give up my guns
Sadly thoughts and prayers are not enough, we need to do more to reduce GUN violence.  HELLO CONGRESS
Enough is enough! Let’s make murder illegal.
Ban automatic weapons!
I agree with you whole heartedly, Senator Nelson! We need to STOP the NRA from paying off Republican Senators to vote in favor of the NRA!
Support gun reform laws senator
So propose legislation Bill. We will support you!
Stop letting NRA influence congress. Vote no on #shareact. Stricter gun laws. Make it happen
Your colleagues say it's too soon to discuss gun laws. They will say it again after the next mass killing. And the next.  Again and again.
Reform works. Clinton pushed gun regorm through in the 90's and homicides fell dramatically.
How about standing up now? All of us.
Please act NOW for the society you represent.
What are you planning to do to change the tide? We need your continued leadership 2 stand up 2 Marco & @SpeakerRyan. Pls make it happen!
Please read this & consider introducing/sponsoring a bill to reflect this writing. http://stonekettle.com/2015/06/bang-b …
Yes Bill, the democratic party and MSM need to quit villifying the right and the middle of the country. YOU are the reason for this+scalise
Please be that person, and do it!! It was enough 100 shootings ago!! No one should have to go through this again!
Are approximately 789,000 annual abortions enough, Senator? What do expect, from a society that does not value human life?
Please - we need to pass stricter gun laws NOW. Enough was enough years ago. We need ACTION.
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH, BILL! #ReasonableGunControl We need to talk about making the purchase of assault rifles illegal for civilians.
Senator you must say more. You must do more. The majority of Americans want comprehensive gun control. Please use your voice and position
Let's do it with some gun control laws! Fight for what the people want: CONTROL over these situations. This can't be the new normal.
Agree - enough is enough - please use your position or enact common sense gun laws.
Thoughts and prayers are not enough
I guess you’re referring to abortions. Stop the killing take a stand.
Watched your interview this morning on FoxNews regarding the events in LasVegas. I’m proud to hear your healing words.  From FL Republican
I concur but we've got 2nd amend't  that slaps us in the face every time some1 does something. We need to let only military ppl use semis.
DO IT BILL! Get the ban on assault weapons back on the books. Look to Australia for inspiration. JUST DO IT!
End the #NRADeathGrip on #Congress now.
No law would have prevented what happened in Vegas. To suggest otherwise is ignorance. I will not surrender liberty for a murder/terrorist.
#GunContolNow
@SenBillNelson  thank you so much for NOT being on this list.
Well said! #guncontrol
How Many More Have To Die Like This, #banautomaticweapons
Personally, I am tired of prayers.  Praying hasn’t stopped the mass shootings. We can’t pray ourselves out of this situation.
#ActForLasVegas Weapons of mass destruction DO NOT belong in the hands of civilians.
So please do that. We need gun control, better funded mental health facilities, etc. But don't wait. Act now.
I know you can't do it now, but after the election, spend your last term in the Senate leading the fight against our insane gun culture.
We're hostages to weak congress people who let themselves be bought by the NRA.  The NRA is as strong as our congresspeople are weak.
Enough is enough.  The founding fathers knew of guns that needed to reload powder wad and bullet after each shot.
The NRA should be held responsible
Your ”thoughts & prayers” are trite cliché. They exist to make you feel you've “done something.” Why don't YOU, Mr. Lawmaker, take action.
Do your thoughts & prayers on Ur own time! Stop hiding behind religion & DO YOUR JOB! Congress is every shooter's enabler! @realDonaldTrump
Stop the action to legalize silencers and armor piercing bullets
If it turns out this guy was motivated by all of the Democrats hateful rhetoric toward Trump & Supporters, will you be toning down the hate?
Are you prepared to introduce legislation increasing restrictions on guns, Senator?
Vote no on SHARE Act!
Now
Today Senator, let's just keep it at thoughts and prayers.
SICK  @CNN @MSNBC @TheDemocrats VULTURES parlay & politicize tragedy "don't let a crisis go to waste". #Harvey TX #MariaPR #LasVegasShooting
At what point is that?  Do your job or retire!
#MentalIllness needs addressed
Can that be TODAY?Or do we get to wait for the next one, shake our heads,offer prayers, and move on like there's nothing to see?
We loose untold thousands annually to alcohol and prescription drugs. What about them, do they matter?
We have been saying "enough" since 1776! Where have you been?
Leave our guns alone .
Agreed, @SenBillNelson. At long last, is this the time? #GunControlNow #gunsafety #dosomething
Finally something that makes sense from a Democrat.  The Dems lost then divided us.  Might I remind you, "Resist".  UR correct, enough.
Senator put a bill on the floor to outlaw these high powered rifles. No civilian needs that kind of power.
Do your job! Repeal obamacare! Balance the budget. You will not infringe upon our Constitutional rights...you ambulance chasing hack.
Now is the time to get more restrictions on assault weapons. This president won't do it. We are screwed. These horrors will continue.
We need to address the mental health problem facing our nation.
I choose today as being at some point.As part of this society,can we figure out how to get Congress out of the pocket of the NRA as a start?
Enough IS enough. Please, pass legislation outlawing the possession of automatic weapons
We need to say it today.
So do it. What legislation are you going to sponsor or co-sponsor?
This is the point!! ENOUGH is ENOUGH!!!
Gun control.
Call On @SpeakerRyan To Pull Gun Silencer Bill From House Floor
Like ten years ago? What are you doing?
Society has, but congress has not
After those kids were Murdered I thought Society did stand up.
It was @nra their Supporters who sat down / continue to do so :(
#IHateGuns
it is not the nra. It is ignorant people like you that refuse to read facts but rather blindly regurg retoric
We scream DO SOMETHING. Perhaps you are doing something. Educate us: have you, our lawmaker, stood up? Please do. #EnoughIsEnough
At some point? Why not now, Sen. Nelson?  Too many people, and CHILDREN, have died at the hands of guns.  We need health care & gun control
Tell it to the White House. They say now is not the time to talk about gun violence. Tell me when. I want to be there for that discusssion.
Will you introduce some mental health legislation then? The kind that gets people help *before* they cause a ton of hurt?
Today? After Sandy Hook? Columbine? Pulse? Charleston? Etc? Etc? Etc?
Yes! Thank you for continuing to work for that.
Thoughts and prayers aren’t going to prevent another mass shooting! calling for smart gun legislation will begin the process
blabalabalbalbalbablaablablabalbalbalbalbalbalbalbalblabalbalbalbalbalbalbalablabalbalbalbalbalbalbalablabalbalbalbalablabalbalbalbalblabalb
YOU need to stand up. Please! Gun shows in FL, gun stores everywhere, Pulse nightclub, Zombiecon in Ft Myers... faded memory or what?
Right! Lets enforce the laws we have, lock up criminals that use guns illegally and not waste time creating stupid laws that wont work.
wall will not protect us from this, travel ban will not protect us from this. Majority of violence/terrorism deaths r crimes of USA citizens
So when are you and @marcorubio gonna do that? Tough talk is nothing more than blowing hot air.
And I guess that means at some point you'd like is to all turn in our guns and trust that the government would still respect us. Yeah-not.
Now.  Now   At some point?  The point has passed!   Too many lives lost.  Pass sensible gun restrictions.  Ban assault weapons totally.
Stand up and declare “give me a gun to protect my safe place!”
Do it!
To crazy people?
Now.
I called today to ask you to vote no on these latest gun enabling laws. Please make legislature for gun control!
58 dead, 500 hurt in mass shooting in Nevada.  Prayers are not enough. We need to ban weapons of war NOW!
I'm prying victims have health insurance. I'm praying congress doesnt allow silencers. How would police or victims know shooter's direction?
How about NOW? Sandy Hook, Pulse Nightclub, now this. Stand up & make this stop! Get @MarcoRubio off his ass and do something! Enough!!!
I am standing up. Please, stand with me. #EndGunViolence
Primary Bill
What if you were the 1 to stand up, Senator? What if you were the 1 to say enough was enough? I'm from FL and am urging you to do it. Now.
No, he is afraid he might get elected. Remember he is a politician.
Not at some point -- NOW!
American society breeds violence, inequality, a lack of fulfillment &feeling hopeless & losers of Capitalism all brew hatred. #vegasshooting
I'm with you on this 100%. We need common sense gun laws.
im pretty sure that is also in your job description as a Senator. Why arent you doing anything to stop these in the future?
We need common sense gun laws, particularly a ban on assault and military style weapons.
So only the police and government have them? Yeah, what could possibly go wrong? You just pointed out the reason our founders put in 2A

Take the guns & we will be as safe as. Chicago
Let's start now please Senator.
Enough is enough and we need more gun control, not less.
Until you have a solution to this, I have no means of voting for you. See you on election day.
As a constituent, I thank you! Please push for a change. Push for progress. Inaction is not an option.
I acted. I got a gun cup cake to protect my conservative safe place.
Preach, Bill!  Lead the way.  It’s clear Marco will stand by “thoughts and prayers” as sufficient.
The question is, as our representative in the Senate, what will you do? Make your voice heard... we beg you!
Haven't you learned by now our #lawmakers represent their rich donors not the ppl. Neither party will work with the other for us!
Let me see Hillary had a $billion fund to run for president.  Where did that come from u suppose? Facebooks, Gates, Soros, Wall Street.
How about right now?
Thank you Senator Nelson for bringing up the obvious Enough was enough after #pulse #SandyHook #VirginiaTech & so on &son on #GunControlNow
Get a gun and protect yourself. I did.
No words
What are you doing to stop this, Senator?
So when you say society you mean the GOP?
These crimes are perpetrated by human beings Washington politicians are more interested in protecting the swamp then they are the people
Washington politicians are complicit they use violence to protect the swamp
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH!
That point was before this happened. Join @ChrisMurphyCT's call for Congress to get off its ass & DO something to say it now. - an FL voter
when will this country stand up for victims of family court?
Mental illness ?
