Senator @SenBillNelson Haitians Tps needs your help to call on #uscis to renew their EAD cause time is running out.
For 11 months I have contacted your office regarding the Camp Lejeune SME issue and 90 percent denial rate. Neither issue has been addressed. Disappointed in you Senator Nelson.
If I call this number can I get you a shrink?
Sorry for following you, I thought you were bill nye
Yeah Bill I need help. I need you to be proactive by contacting all the farmers that finance your campaigns and tell them to have crop insurance so we don't have to listen to you cry about how they need multi-billion dollar bailouts so they can maintain their fancy lifestyles!
Been calling Senator is easy to get to me, hard to get to you :-)
Thank you Senator Nelson for doing what all our Senators Should do, assist those that put them in office. Merry Christmas & Happy New Year with you re-elected!
We need help on Fort Meyers Beach many of our homes lost their seawalls
Insurance?
Yes Senator we need your help with the tax reform bill. Are you going to do what is right or are you going to turn your back on the middle class Floridians in favor of keeping in the good graces of Chuck Schumer? Everyone will know how you voted if you run for reelection.
He sat on the sidelines and complained! No vote for him next time
We need you and other Dems to stand STRONG against the GOP Tax scam.

#VOTE to EXPEL #NRA corrupted #Congress and #Senate. Expose criminally sociopathic gun mafia profiteering crooks. #GunControlNow
https://goo.gl/images/sa3wcg 
Yes, #GunControlNow please. Have the guts to stand up to the NRA.
The NRA does not appear to be the problem. Why are you against the second amendment?
https://goo.gl/images/sa3wcg 
Thanks for help and for fighting against climate change deniers.  Infrastructure funding must reflect climate change impacts.
https://climatechangedispatch.com/esteemed-german-climatologist-blasts-global-warming-as-clever-propaganda-tool/amp/ …
And the list goes on and on, educate yourself. Man made climate change is a scam!
VOTE BILL NELSON OUT NOVEMBER, 2018!
With pride!!
Why?, they can't do anything and unless i have a campaign donation and its DEM cauase you aren't going to do anything
This is not okay. Congress needs to act.
We need you to participate in the legislative process. Since your party lost control you seem to only protest. We expect more!!!
Constant busy signal at this number-need you to vote NO on tax bill
No problem, if Chuck Schumer says No, he votes No. and we pay for that service. #DumpNelson
Sen Nelson Yes I need help as a Florida resident & US citizen. Please watch Trump in his last minute and a half of the speech today about Jerusalem. There is something physically and verbally wrong with him. I request you do something about this.
I hope this is not the best you can do for us. We need to call you? Wow!
He is too busy pandering to the displaced Puerto Ricans. He need their votes. Real floridians want Bill gone and he knows it!
Why hasn't @SenBillNelson joined his fellow Democrats and co-sponsored the Net-neutrality bill?!?!?!?!?!?
Sen Bill Nelson, You Knew About  #Mercedes Benz Deadly AirBag For Years..Now How Does This Mom Drive Another 3Months #PTSD #NHTSA ....
Audacity Of Mercedes Benz, Biggest Fraud & Nightmare For Owners! Persecute Negligence!  #Boycott #MBUSA https://twitter.com/mediashrink/status/948305025146806273 …

How dare you after what happened to Kate Stienly.  You are delusional
You didn’t help Floridians for refusing to vote for tax reform!
Thank God for Marco Rubio!!He is not an obama/Clinton lover and cares about the people of Florida!!!
Why does an intelligent man like yourself align yourself with chuck shumer and prelosi?
You turned your back on Floridians today! You let us down once again for not supporting the tax reform bill. I know you are very rich but some of are not and we need the tax break. Thank goodness some representatives care!!
Why don't you vote as a man and not as a politician you could have helped pass this tax bill
What are you going to do to stop the Nazis in congress? Just like those who stood against the aggression in the South Pacific in the 1940's.
How do we get the word out that we need to GET YOU OUT OF THE SENATE???
If you vote "no" on Tax Reform, Scott is our next Senator. BYE, BYE.
Stand strong today! If you get a chance, tell Little Marco, that we will remember that he voted to destroy the middle class.  66% of the American people are with you.
You're with the wrong party, but that was very gracious what u did for Sen. Collins. A gentleman & chivalry isnt dead. Props.
Senator I need help
I will be calling you tomorrow demanding much needed tax cuts for us.
#VoteYESforTaxCuts
How do they get away with this?
#GOPTaxScam
Vote YES on the tax bill! I’m from Jackson.
Vote for tax reform!
Please vote NO to tax reform.  Vote NO for the working people of our great nation.  Please.
Plz vote for the tax bill, I am finally working after 11 years and I need all my money.
Please vote yes for the tax reform bill.
Pass tax reform
Please do not vote for the Tax Bill. It will only help big businesses and the rich but not the middle class. Say "NO" to Trump's so called Christmas gift!
Big biz got a tax break because multiple other breaks were removed. Mnuchin has explained it. There's more 2 it.
Vote for the tax cut please.
Vote YES for the tax bill.  Do the right thing and stop playing politics.
Please help to pass tax reform. Thank you!
Vote YES on the TAX Plan!
Do us a favor and vote YES on tax bill. Be a solid citizen instead of a hack for Dems
Help with the net neutrality!!
How come we don’t hear from you that much!!! Are you still our democratic senator from Florida? We need you to speak up more and stand up and confront trump !!! Please
RT..NO JONES NO VOTE! No more HYPOCRISY from @SenateMajLdr ! This is what INTEGRITY and DIGNITY looks like! a MUST WATCH! FIGHT!  RUSH CHIP, not TAX CUTS FOR 1%!

McConnell: Vote on taxes will happen before Jones seated http://www.msnbc.com/all-in/watch/mcconnell-vote-on-taxes-will-happen-before-jones-seated-1116151875721 … via @msnbc
Need to swear in and seat Doug Jones ASAP.  Alabama deserves representation for the tax vote. #mitchmcconell #DougJones #POTUS #TaxBill
I have and I've gotten nowhere
Why contact you, you never do anything.
We don't need more guns. Stop open conceal law. America is the wild Wild West already.
Is there a way to remove the statue of limitations on rape and child molestation? That way they can have their days in court.
We need help in Florida. Pass the tax bill. Quit procrastinating and pass the tax bill. Let’s work with the president and turn things around in our country.
#defeatbillnelson in 2018
I can’t vote but I can support you you are a good man I am a citizen may the lord bless you always
Will they give me the information I need to change my life-long affiliation as a Democrat to Independent? I live & vote in Florida. I have always backed you, and you stabbed me and a lot of other people in the back with the same knife you used on Al Franken. #IStandWithAlFranken
#FireproofMueller #RESISTANCE
Thank you Senator for your efforts on behalf the USS Jacksonville. The crew & veterans appreciate your support #navypride #brothersofthephin
We do need help to get rid of Vern Buchanan and defeat his son who are for this Tax bill and the 1%. Vern’s Son has a Office that isn’t used other than to pick up mail. JSMH
I need you to get voted out! You don't vote for a tax reduction?
Thank you for trying we’re in California. Keep fighting for all of us
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DFDh9NIUwAAbWfJ.jpg …

VOTE THEM OUT NOVEMBER 6TH 2018 GOOD BYE @SenBillNelson ~ U ARE MY DISTRICT & IT AIN'T HAPPENING NO MORE. NO MORE LIES, CORRUPTION AND STAGNATION
Bill Listening to you vote no on increasing my pay check by 24k
Expect you to vote yes for tax plan.
Not 1 democratic vote!
Don't kill the chances of a good life for my children and grandchildren in Florida.
VOTE NO on #TaxReformScam.
Don't mortgage their future.
I need you
Not my state but like what you say.Im wondering though if you can back any of that up?I have always wanted to see someone stand up for the people and be straight.I guess that’s why my mom didn’t raise a politician.
We need help from you....we need TAXCUTS...We the people, especially puertorricans are watching how you vote on tax reform...vote in favor, gain our vote...vote against us and we will be voting REPUBLICAN next year....Let that sink in...
We need you to vote NO on tax bill! Your constituents need the mortgage & property tax deductions. Cost of FL home ownership is prohibitive
I just saw abc news, trump calling Elizabeth warren Pocahontas to code talkers How disrespectful to a member of the senate. This must stop.
Yes pls. Real tax relief is needed not the giveaways to Wall Street and big business.
Senator when a military officer goes AWOL in the presence of the president of the United States it's a very big serious crying even when he is hurt a civilian who is not a threat to the country I did ask for help and got no results nobody cares
Need you to vote for the Tax Bill. Negotiate if needed but get it done. Need medical deduction for high OOP costs and remove ACA mandatory tax. (32796)
You just got the Governorship endorsement from @JohnMorganESQ, who announced he will not be running. 
#TaxScam #GOPTaxPlan #TrumpTaxScam #VoteNoTaxIncrease #TrumpTaxIncrease
Thank you Bill.  Trump is a racist who wants America to be only white.  Please investigate Trump and harassment accusations !!
Have a voice in the Yemeni crisis...oppose the Saudis!!
Call 1-855-980-2350 and put in your zip code to be connected to your senators. I got right through and left a message for @SenBillNelson vote NO on  #TaxScam scam/ ACA repeal tcame out of the house today. These people are beyond desperate to pass something & this #TaxScam
Need you to pass the Tax Bill.
you're an accessory to crimes being committed you require detainment and inprisonment.
#AllKidsMatter
#Flintwatercrisis
Please stop this tax reform. It is not meant to help the majority of US tax paying citizens, Trump is just helping himself and his fellow billionaires. I cannot believe what is happening!
I’ll just tweet ya thanks 
Please do not confirm the lifetime appointment of blogger Brett J. Talley to be a Federal judge in Alabama. He has practiced law for only 3 years, never tried a case and is rated “not qualified” by the American Bar Association.
#BrettJTalley
Senator Nelson, I am very concerned about the slashing of the State Department by the Trump administration. I hope Congress will take action. Thank you.
Please Help me-make it viral
Justice for Katherine Bryan Hoover and Baby Rehlin - Sign the Petition! http://chn.ge/2ztUFLg    via @Change
please help me get justice for my pregnant daughter who was shot and killed
It’s taking too long for me to get compensated I’m going public
Why is it so hard to fight for my rights
I don’t need any more forms I went to fed building to get help with registry no one
I had to do something just to pay rent
I’m going public
I did reach out
ATTN @SenBillNelson.
 Please Vote 'NO' on HB9, as soon as it comes over to the Senate. - Also Push the RENEWAL of the
 'CHIPS' Program To the Senate Floor.
 
- thank-you from; Mrs. Joni Skibo
Please waive Jones Act 4 PR- US ships r burdened, no room 4 supplies to PR. Stores d empty, closing. Folks w$ in hand, can’t get goods.
Support Floridians and God! Leaving God out is why everyone is crazy violent. Guns or any object is deadly when a crazy persons aims to harm
Totally agree
Please don't steal my  tax break
I tweeted, emailed & called. Still don't have an answer as 2 y u vote against your Gay constituents, U were also the 51st Senator 4 marriage
I have contacted your office for months and issues brought up were totally ignored. 4 phone messages were never answered. Camp Lejeune.
Please stop the Obamacare health tax. Get insurance across state lines. 32796
Yeah we need help. @60PlusAssoc is. #Koch funded organization spewing lies and pushing policy for the 1%. Stop your support! #Resistance
I'm a geologist & can tell you that climate change is real & is NATURAL.  To say Climate Change is Man-Made is a UN Agenda 21 LIE
Please pass Tax cuts and approve all nominees Now Trump 2020
My wife is suffering from cancer and republicans are slowing medicinal marijuana. We need it to treat the symptoms of chemo. Do something
Do you follow @JohnMorganESQ ? He is suing to get medical marijuana out to Florida  who had a large majority voted for it.
Thank you
Again and again ... and no surprise, but still very disturbing for most American citizens: @SenBillNelson NOT condemning radical Islam for this terror attack! This let us assume that he's much closer related to these terrorists, than @realDonaldTrump to white supremacy. Shame!
Missouri I wrote a letter said he can’t help me
Get off you arse and get something done for Americans start by enforcing immigration and stop immigrants from just coming here to kill us with no skill to support American values you and congress are a disgrace step aside and let real Americans who love this country do their job,
Very disturbing that non of the leftist msm and politicians like @Senbillnelson are condemning radical Islam for this terror attack.
Keep the estate tax/alternative minimum tax. No lower taxes for top corporate earners. No cuts to Medicare.
#NoWealthcare 
#Deficit
#401K
I will call or contact if you Vote NO on the tax cuts. Let’s see how much you  the middle class as u say u do. We’re watching.....

Thank you again
Senator, I received my renewal from Fl Blue (HMO).  The premium is going from $1,434 to $2003!!  We are middle class and can't afford it!!
If you want to help make it a government by and 4 the people 
Not by party 4 http://ins.co .,wall st &
big business.
Retire already! You have been there too long!
Your office needs to protect us from the dimocart party!  Hillary, Rice, Klapper, Brennan, Obama, Holder, anything goes is not OK!
Russians can't spell.
What are you going to do for the abuse in Women's prisons in Florida? The corrupt justice system to make money on human lives, No reform
Why call your office, to have your robots argue w/callers voicing their opinions, comments, concerns by trying to force their own agendas?!
Help by Passing the tax cuts for middle class of Florida.
No massive deficit and cuts Medicare/Medicaid to give tax cuts to the wealthy. Corporations/top 1% are doing great.
#NoWealthcare
#DonTcare
Please Steer clear from Republic of the Philippines politics and senator Trillanes
PASS TAX REFORM!!!! GET IT DONE for your folks in FLORIDA !!!!
End corporate welfare NOW! Stop giving breaks to the profiteers who put the greatest burden on our infrastructure. Make them pay their own way for a change.
I want you to stop standing in the way of TAX FORM.
this is shameful...pls speak out against how trump treated this military widow. heartbreaking.
Im military and Trump is s great President facing a lot if Hateful Liars.
Can you help me order from Uber Eats?
We want to stand up, clean and start working. Please ensure support to reconnect the electrical grid of PR. This willl jumpstart the economy

Very concerned that PresidentTrump is stopping ACA subsidies. Congress needs to act. 
#PayACASubsidies
Need to stop ACA subsidies. CEOs getting $25-125 million plus bonuses for V.P.s please. We can't get COLA. you want subsidies for insur co??
End unsafe sanctuary cities NOW!
Please end sanctuary cities. Why would you want to spend our tax money on this?  Lawless and irresponsible
They need more troops to help Puerto Rico!  There aren’t enough to get to the people in the mountains.  Ppl are starving & dying!  Pls Help!
There are a million P.R. people that can help our 17,000 workers there. Ask them to help their own also.
Help asking in good faith fraud hit my checking  4,000.00 TO all senators donations are welcome no phone didn’t pay bill looking all day
I’m trying grants wish I win a Sweepstakes it’s faster I’m worried about rent
I should be excited but I’m not more confused can you tell me what is happening
Why, so you can lie to us?
