Mueller should recuse homself
No there is NO collusion.  Sessions should un recuse himself, Mueller should recuse and get off the fake intel.  You need to straighten out
Bill we will fight to make sure you are not re-elected if you do not stand by Florida with Judge Gorsuch! Remembered we are a Red State Now!
Vote Yes for the Supreme Court justice enough is enough
You need to be voted out Term limits
Susan Rice and Farkas..should be called before Congress/Senate Intel Committee....Democrats pushing this Russia/Trump mess is a cover 4Obama
..why didn't you ask Lynch to recuse herself after her meeting privately with Bill while Hillary investigated? 
You Senator, are an embarrassment to the state of Florida.
Dont be stupid. Democrats think their plan is working for they see CNN and MSNBC. You lost House, Senate and WH, for believing that  crap.
You should resign!  You are an embarrassment to those of us you represent in FL!!!!
Older Floridians need to unite and remove this left-wing nut from office.
He should resign.
DISAGREE STRONGLY!
thank you 4 fighting for the future of our democracy-you've definitely got my vote in 2018.
Nelson should resign his office for lack of intelligence!!
Russia is a witch hunt. You know it is, show me you are the man I've always voted to be Senator
Repeal & Replace Obamacare. No Rhinocare, No Ryancare ! Im without Insurance Thanks ObamaDontcare !!
"Now it is time to confirm a conservative justice. Senator Nelson, give Judge Gorsuch a full vote in the Senate."
Session has perjured himself and should be prosecuted.
Get to the bottom of what? He answered Franken honestly. HRC just a BAD CANDIDATE Ya'll lost get over it and supprt @POTUS
HRC bad, yes. Connection to Russia? Very bad. Get over it. Nothing to support in this 45. Criminal.
Sad to see ur part of the witch hunt. HRC lost bcause she was a bad candidate runng bad campaign. Sessions answered honestly
Stop the liberal CNN talking points and think from yourself and the FL VOTERS.
Stop the Fox talking points and think for yourself.
Ty for listening to us Florida
You are so right. I hope all Democrats will support you. You stand for the truth and for the citizens.
agree. Thank you for being a sane voice!
If Sessions gets a do over after perjuring himself, and potus45 doesn't pay taxes, why should I pay taxes and be truthful?
-How about Medicare for all. Pay a reasonable amount and negotiate drug pricing. If you don't want in, then go elsewhere.
Please start using Twitter more often. We need to hear from you daily. Hard times right now!!!!!
what is your position on the wire tap allegations?
Sessions must resign. He will hinder/coverup what he can for Trump.
he needs to resign recusing himself is not good enough. We can never be sure that he will Be non partisan
thank you!
No Bill; he should RESIGN. r u ok w/an AG who lied himself into the job? NOT ME!!
no he shouldn't we need an investigation into Obama and the wiretaps ... REPEAL ACA NOW - Florida Voter here -
why would you say that with absolutely no evidence?  Trump is.a Petulant child who blurts out with no proof
Sessions must resign, a new US AG must get to the bottom of this, one who won't lie to the US Senate, or to fellow Americans.
Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing!
We need to see Trump's tax returns.
We did see them
#RestoreVRA #SessionsMustResign a racist once, a racist forever. Bloody Sunday. Selma.
yes! Thank you!
wow So much "to do" about Nothing!!! Russia lmao
Sessions must be removed from our government.
you need to stand up and get behind our elected President if you want to stay in office.   FL is red for a reason!
hey Deb Florida is not all red. There are still reasonable people who live here
he needs to resign. Lying or the start of dementia...either case not good!
#SessionsMustResign recusal not enough. Not trustworthy #impeachtrump
He should never have been confirmed!  He must resign now!   #SessionsMustResign #SessionsRussia
i want to know whatyou are going to do to expose trump.
minor contact by a legitimate responsible person does not warrant a spec comm or investigator You lost just do your job
thank you Senator. Please keep demanding this action
I agree. We need to see what is really behind the Russian connection. Most of us think it's about lifting the sanctions.
Stop the witch hunt! Start working for those who pay your salary, American citizens!
go get em Senator!! Behind you!
seriously, you need to resign just for posting this...answer your phone! Can't wait for 2018...bye-bye. #draintheswamp
So lying under oath is now the American way. Setting the bar for the future.
Why don't you demand a special prosecutor over the URANIUM ONE DEAL? PILES OF MONEY CHANGED HANDS ON THAT ONE.
There is nothing to investigate. Stop being dramatic and get on board  ridding Florida of dangerous illegals.
. You are wrong. You all allowed holder to lie all the time. Where is the call out on both of them?
There is no reason to do this, move on, do real work!
we should also try to oust useless senators who vote against the interest of their state all the time
What is the crime? Wasn't aware that a Special Prosecutor investigated non-crimes.
Including the Seth Rich murder?
Mr.  Nelson as your constituent from Palm Harbor I must insist you call for resignation.  This country deserves better.
yes, a thousand times yes!
Sessions should resign!
Where were you during Fast and Furious, IRS Targeting, and Benghazi? Not representing Florida.
investigation! This is completely unacceptable
is necessary from a neutral party (group) that cannot be interfered with, manipulated, bribed, etc. A full and true...
their oaths if we cannot have officials held accountable? This is ridiculous. 34747 here. A full bipartisan investigation
he needs to be fired and prosecuted. What kind of example is he setting? How can you expect the next generation to honor...
Thank you @SenBillNelson for taking a stand on this importance situation.  We cannot move forward until we know the truth about this.
I know that you are trying to be diplomatic but isn't perjury a crime? Treason? Why is this even a discussion? Please
thank you! Now, will you please say that where it matters.
Sessions can't b AG as he has lied under oath.Please make statement supporting his resignation.#ResignNotRecuse #Trumprussia
your nothing but a partisan hack. You and fellow dems sat on your hands for 8 years.
Recusal is not enough. Resignation should be called for.
we need to hear from you more! You're a Sr. Senator! I'm stunned that u r not being more forceful @ #TrumpRussia
Voter 32216
Sir, Sessions is an ice chip on the ice berg. All signs point to @POTUS being in bed w/the Russians. Push 4 an investigation!
good to hear at least one of our Florida senators realizes this needs to be investigated.
Where was your outrage when AG Lynch met privately with Pres. Clinton? Did you call for special prosecutor then?
agree with you on this, he should also resign!! @marcorubio I hope you also condemn this unacceptable behavior from the AG!
rofl.Where were you when HRC on hot seat? We needed it more then than now. #SNOWFLAKEatWork
Thank you and keep pressing for an inquiry into Trumps relationship with Russia.
if we the people do not hold the people in power responsible for their actions then we have no democracy.
Thank you for taking a stand. #SessionsMustResign . Florida is watching. Please be on the right side of history Sir!
You are our voice of sanity from the great gerrymandered state of Florida.
Help marco Remer he represents FLORIDA AND IT'S CITIZENS ...ALL CITIZENS @marcorubio
Represent us Bill and investigate Russia!! Watergate 2017
Sessions must RESIGN.
so full of yourself....where were you with Lynch....sad
Thank you, Sen. Nelson! I am so grateful to have ONE MOC who represents the concerns of all constituents and not just donors!
Like what was done with the Loretta Lynch-Bill Clinton meeting?  Oh, that's a great idea.  Waste more time.
finally! I was wondering where have u been! #SessionsLied n should resign. Special Prosecutor NOW #impeachtrump
Witch hunt much, Senator Do-Nothing? When u call @ClaireMcCaskill a liar for the same reason, we can talk.
yes agree.
hypocrite!  Only want investigations when it is Rep.  Shame on you. Can't wait for 2018 election in FL
No disrespect intended, but when was the last time you spoke with an ambassador from Russia?
please stand strong and demand Session to resign.
Sessions should be TRIED FOR TREASON - at LEAST lying under oath and FIRED!
what for your lack of attention to your constituents. Haven't heard from you for months. Probably just lies.
Yes!! Make #liar #Sessions resign!
how about you confirming his cabinet and start working for me. This bs needs to end
He should resign, like Flynn had to!  There is surely way more to this story...and way more players.
Sessions is a good man.  You know this is BS.  Midterms are coming.
I agree but you don't go far enough.  Sessions should resign as AG.
Thank you Senator Nelson!
I am your constituent. I want Sessions to step down he committed purgery. An independent investigation into Russia US ties
Have you ever met with a Russian ambassador as a member of the armed service committee?
, this makes me so sad! All those who wish to destroy our President are doing so at the expense of our country.
I'm getting tired of this subversive anger crap from the dem party. Quit putting party ahead of country.
he did but don't see a need for a special prosecutor. Remember Hillary's emails? Didn't need one then. Or Benghazi? Nope.
Recusal is not enough.  #resign
Way to go!  Bill
THANK YOU but frankly, #SessionsMustResign
@FrancisWanda Wrong Mr.Nelson - Sessions needs to resign - today- no exception
Thank you Senator
Thank you Sen. Nelson!! Glad to have one rep for our state who will stand for what's right.
Finally you speaK
you and the DNC need to stop these CROOKS! The only people they will help are themselves!
Thank you Senator, please keep pushing. From 32127
Don't do either of the things this lady just said. I'm your constituent.
And if we do that Nothing will happen to him because it will get buried.He needs to resign or go to jail. DONE! End of story
AG Sessions needs to go. We need somebody we can trust
it's time u resign. Same tired lib garbage.
Hope you mean @jeffsessions should resign. Right? I have campaigned for U since 1990 See photo.  @FLGovScott wants UR seat!
Recusal is not enough Senator, Sessions needs to resign. He committed perjury, and possibly treason. No kid gloves on this.
Thank you for speaking up! The truth is non-partisan. Hope @marcorubio follows your lead.
Cut the BS and get to work passing Healthcare and a tax cut!
What topic are you referring to ??
@TampaBayFamily He should resign!
I'm glad you're speaking out sir but this is beyond recusal, he needs to resign.
It is not Sessions actual conflict of interest; it is Sessions appearance of conflict that requires recusal at a minimum.
and to ensure that Sessions is convicted of perjury and thrown into prison.
he should be gone!
don't you mean resign?!
at the very least, Senator.  Great to see you speaking out on this!
Dear Sir; stop the slander and please rep.  All of your constituents who disagree w you.Not about Dems; it's about The People
Sessions need to resign not just recuse himself.
save ACA. Save EPA. save SOCIAL SECURITY & Medicare. #Ivotefl
Great!  Can you now please call for his resignation?
No Senator, He should be fired or resign, and then the special prosecutor should be appointed.
I find Tom Cotton & Rush more persuasive. Colt "45" is lapping aging Dem Nags in Optimism Stakes.
You guys going to finish work on the cabinet, or what.
Demand his resignation. He perjured himself to get the job.
I call on you to join @SenSchumer and ask for his resignation. We deserve an honest attorney general
@mtighe15 wrong he need to be put in Jail !!! Stop letting traitors walk free with a resignation letter !!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you, Senator! Please help convince @marcorubio to agree with you!
BS headline!
You didn't care when Clinton met Obama AG in private during Clinton investigation.
Not far enough. He should resign. No Boy Scout would lie under oath @marcorubio
oh hush
#congress If you get out of @potus way we could right this ship and start sailing forward again
 MAGA seems rather simple
no he should not - sitting member of armed services committee doing his job - had not contact after appointment - smh
maybe marco can learn something about how to represent will of voters from you yet
thank you for speaking out.  @marcorubio please do the same. #SessionsLied about #Russia ties.
We still need to get to the bottom of the Clinton corruption first. U r my Senator U NEED TO GET TO WORK NOT OBSTRUCT
@SenBillNelsonzYes Bill be as forthcoming as the Republicants did for 8 yrs.
.@SenBillNelson Thank you, Sen.Nelson. So glad you're here for FL & the country.
Your Democratic circus continues!
Thank you. We must investigate #trumprussia.
Recuse himself for perjuring? I don't think so. Resignation.
Disagree. Stop being obstructionist and start working WITH the administration for the benefit of all Americans.
are you blind, or stupid or both, Bill Hayden?  What's it going to take to make you see the dishonesty?
LOW LIFE SCUM!!!!!
call our SPINELESS senator!
Yes! Please push for that, Senators of FL! @marcorubio too. I vote in 33543.
#Sessions should resign. There is video evidence of him lying in the hearings. #Perjury should not be taken lightly by you.
Thank you Senator
Why recuse? Seriously, you're worried about Russia now? What about Iran deal? HRC uranium deal? I support #Sessions
I agree

AMEN!
