Impeach trump and pence.  They are both TRAITORS to America.
Russia didn't hack.  Emails to Wikileaks, was an inside job by Seth Rich.  Seth sent 44,053 DNC emails to Wikileaks as a whistle blower.
You would be so happy! #takingourpresidentdown
DNC protected server because still more damning information within.  Seth Rich was working on voter fraud, he was a Bernie guy,what did he C
Hope, and direct order to lesson the investigation to a matter, are 2 different things.  Y R U not outraged by Lynch's direct order 2 Comey?
If true, he should be impeached for obstruction of justice.
Doesn't have to be true... it's the will of the press
The lying of the press you mean :)
What did the press lie about?
The MSM lies about everything just like HRH, the DNC and all D's in Congress :)
What did the press lie about?
Even if the memo exists, it has no provenance. If this witch hunt fails it will destroy the Democratic party.
It looks worse for th intolerant left.
Lol ... It doesn't look good for you... u are russian
If true? Who are you appeasing? Stand up and fight
Comey testified 10 days ago - no investigation stopped for political reasons. Democratic Party failed again - game over, dinosaur.
According to the liberal left, nothing looks good in the WH because it's not "their" House.  This is not how America works.  Prattle!
These Dems R crooks.  Willing to pick a fight w/Russia to cover their parties sins.  Vote Nelson out in 2018.  Unite us!
Why isn't anybody suspicious that the DNC would not allow FBI to examine servers even though they claim Russian intrusion?  Ridiculous!
Current FBI Director told you that the invitation was ongoing with no interference from anyone.
how 'bout these facts What is the Left's biggest lie of all?
Where's the prosecutor 4 the pay to play politics of Hillary while SS?  Y did Hillary get away w/deleting & bleaching emails, after subpoena
Not nearly as strong, as Lynch ordering Comey to avoid calling the "criminal" investigation of Hillary, an investigation. Call it a "matter"
Alan Dershowitz says no obstruction! Why can't you?
Trump is a al capone and mofia. (trust me) some one needs to find a real good leagal means to throw the bum out,
you need to grow a pair and stand with pres trump!
Someone has to do something about this president, impeach now!!!!!
Very disappointed in you as my Senator that you advocate this lying scheme.  Where is the memo? This was fabricated by MSM and Liberal Dems
No. It does not look good. It's time for an independent investigation. In fact, it's well past time for that!
My wife and I voted for you Bill, but I can promise you we won't in the next election.   I thought you were above spreading lies n fake news
How'd this play out??  All smoke?
DNC insider, Seth Rich was murdered days B4 FBI testimony  Email theft was  blamed on Russia to cover.  Server was never examined by FBI?
There's a lot of puzzle pieces, but they all belong 2 Demorat party.  Y didn't the DNC allow the FBI to exam their servers if Russia hacked?
Y R U not incensed that Director of the FBI is a damn leaker?  Y aren't U outraged that Lynch met w/Bill C while his wife was under invstgn?
you are pathetic.
Witch hunt. Comey broke the law not reporting to Justice.
Time to #impeachtrump is NOW. #lockhimup #TrumpRussiaCollusion
So Bill, R U holding them accountable??
What puzzle? The pic showing Dems hyperventilating on everything? It's hard to resolve real issues when Dems cry Armageddon 12 times a day.
Nelson the only crime committed if true is Comey for not reporting it immediately, he should be prosecuted if true, if not must lieing
Please expedite all of these investigations and get the facts out!
In the mean time... What is really being discussed in all these meetings, all over the world.
But where is the real narrative? Who has seen the whole story?
Thank you Bill Nelson!
Honorable IDIOT,"asked" is the key word which is not obstruction. Because you work for me, a taxpayer, I'm "asking" you to get out of gov't!
Mr. Comey is an angry vindictive man. I wouldn't trust anything else he says about our President or governmental issues!
IF TRUE ! both bill and maria are idiots.
And what do you plan to do about it?
Do some work buddy.  All you do is talk trash.  Get some work done once in a while.  Earn your paycheck.  #gettowork
This administration has moved beyond embarrassing and past dangerously incompetent & immoral. Fight for change to return WH back to respect.
Your tweet sounds like you're announcing ballgame from sidelines. Where is your outrage and plan of action @SenBillNelson? Get in the game!
More than a piece....Impeachable obstruction of justice.
Understatement! He's President so he can do whatever he wants, he makes the rules? House full of liars, Pence & Sessions included. Shameful.
Please: talk to @SenRubioPress! This administration is out of control. I don't want to be an extra in his whacked reality show any more.
It is not true. You are being replaced in the next election Senator
PLEASE @SenBillNelson #StepUp #DoTheRightThing.  Get him OUT.
It's time to recall the Sr Senator from Florida.
YES
Florida's only true pol.  Dems must get tough and less celebrial. You are dealing with a thug.
Thank you for being honest, big if!
Hopefully someone decent will run against you bc you are definitely bought and paid for
Thanks Bill. You call it like you see it!!!
S who don't you stop the hate, the American people are tired of it and move this country forward, DJT won, he's not under investigation
I funny how only months ago the democrats wanted him fired, now their upset when POTUS did it, Comey let HRC and DNC go even with evidence
I agree @SenBillNelson.  Beat the drum. Lead the parade.  Don't just tweet from the rest of the pack.  We need your voice to be loud.
Thank you.  All of FL's elected officials should be on this.  #resist #trumprussia  #BeAPatriot #dotherightthing
You haven't tried to solve a puzzle in 8 years.
Sure wish Rubio would wake up and be "honest" for once!
Impeach!
impeach Nelson -- yes I agree :()
Go away Nelson. Youve done nothing in all the years you've collected a salary from the taxpayers
We need our Senators and Congressman to interject some sanity in the current disarray in the Democratic push to discredit the President!
Where is the proof? I see only allegations and conspiracy theories unloaded by the left in overt attempts to cause the President issues.
Nothing ever looks good for the White House does it? This next election isn't going to look good for you.
Bill Nelson votes the party line and has done little to improve life for his constituents. Let him go and let a computer cast his votes
So what Comey did not end it. But with the way the Clintons pay everyone off to do their bidding Trump did not do anything.
How many more pieces of the puzzle do you need? Appreciate you speaking out, but you need to DO something. Take action!
Nelson doesn't do anything Nancy Pelosi doesn't tell him to do! He's awful
@NancyPelosi and @SenBillNelson are in different houses of Congress. The veracity of your statement is extremely unlikely.
God bless you Bill Nelson for protecting Americans and Florida voters. #impeachment
Please push for investigation into #POTUS. @realDonaldTrump is a national embarrassment
Sen I think the 'puzzle's pretty much filled-n. when r u all going to get tuff & do s'thing with the mess? This is getting OLD! @marcorubio
Senator Nelson, Please do something to stop this man from destroying our country we have fought so hard for, please...
Nelson only votes the party line. He's an embarrassment
Thank you for staying on top of this and fighting for our democracy. This is pure insanity.
Thank you for being a voice of reason in Florida, sorely needed.
Nelson is a vote of his party.. not reason. I'm embarrassed about my vote for him
We need action - talk is cheap and the end of our democracy is near
Of course Comey memos true. Impeach trump.  DT is hiding a lot more. DT corrupt. We all know it
I look forward to absolutely nothing happening, as always.
Amen... how sad. We just had an election where we had to decide about the two worst candidates in history
Good lord!!! How much more do you need!?!?
Why are Republicans being so silent?
Get your fellow Senators to do something about this insanity! It will obviously take both parties to finally admit Trump is unfit to lead.
My Senator.  And we need REAL MEN to stand up to this mess we find ourselves in.  You can do this!!
Produce the Memo. WE have a right to see it. and the name of the source.
if it was true, wasn't Comey under an obligation to bring it to DOJ. Also , didn't McCabe testified there had been no obstruction ?
Always so moderate, Senator! It's unconstitutional af!  Please keep the heat on!
How about some verification? The democrats are still litigating the election they lost. Very sad
That's why we need an independent commission and a special prosecutor. NOW! No alternative facts. Just THE facts.
Don't know about independent commission or special prosecutor. Take too long. We need the existing investigations expedited and facts out!
I'll take forward motion, truthfully. Right now all that seems to be happening is that politicians are "troubled" and "concerned." Bleh.
RIP to the #DEEPState!!!
So proud you are my Senator. Please help Florida stand tall through this mess.
Nelson is a party hack.. next time I'll vote for ANYONE else
Please begin #Impeachment proceedings!  This man is a traitor to our country ...
Then please do something. This is beyond ridiculous!
Nelson is just a hack. Check his voting record. Let's save millions of dollars and have Pelosi vote for him
Look at all the suck-ups afraid to offend you....LOL! Not meeeeeeee...
Yes!!! Nelson is a dud! Please dump him in the next election
A very dark dud who WILL pay the piper. Mark those words.
Sir are a #SchumerClown and I hope your constituents are paying attention. I'm not talking the freeloading ones but rather the bill Payers
What the hell you smoking? Trump corrupt and needs to go.
WaPo, NBC News, CNN have all corroborated, Senator.
we need to worry about shutting down family law and Title IV-D before it kills another citizen don't you think?
You mean it's another piece of the fabricated, imaginary puzzle.We're not blind u know?You guys & your plants on the other side r desperate.
Haha. Trump told us he leaked information. Trump said fired Comey bc Russia.  Corrupt republicans
Funny, I didn't hear Trump say that. The corrupt, lying, nearly dead #MSM did though. Be on the right side of history or go down w/ 'em.
Yes all trump supporters will go down together.   We want our country back.
You have that backwards, Grasshopper. So, are you a deep-stater, a slave, or a paid opportunist? #ReadBetweenTheLines #ConnectTheDots
I am so relieved to see at least ONE of my elected officials acknowledging this national maelstrom. That it's the D doesn't surprise me.
Thank you for representing us
How did we even let our society degenerate to this point, senator?
Thank you Senator for representing Florida with dignity and grace
