My father fought Nazi's. It is not what we want in America especially those that murder using ISIS tactics at their rallies,
When their freedom of speech is carrying Ak whatever's and bats to intimidate me out of my freedom of speech  they lost their right
That's exactly why President Trump didn't defend them.
You right, all is the same hate
Or ANTIFA and Black Lives Mattersay it!!
No defending Antifa, BLM and all of the left wing radical groups either.  None of these groups should exist.
the Anti-fa group threw the first punch. Alt-Left = Violence
You need to take a stronger, more direct stance against this administration's policies of hate, ignorance, and deceit. 
IMPEACH NOW !
Blm? antifa?
So what the first amendment?
REMOVE  Senator Maria Chappelle-Nadal - Missouri for facebook post calling  for Assasination of President Trump! NOW!
With all respect, Senator, call the president out. By. Name.
And what do we do now?
Try to use intellect and logic. Both sides are horrible, violent and repugnant.
Glad to hear the democrats renounce their own history.
.....or the Antifa and BLM!!!!!!
It antifa and Black Lives Mattersay it!!
John W. Dobbs, Florida inmate no. C00618, http://amku.org  video:
But you don't mind defending Antifa thugs.
But I bet you are all ok with the black panther, black lives matter movement. Hate is wrong no matter you color.
no defending this either?
I support you in removing trump from office; totally unfit and a danger to the country.
This is not enough! Denounce the president for being a Nazi sympathizer. #SayHisName #impeach
Then please push House to impeach and invoke 25th amendment. @Potus is a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation.
Denouncing white supremacists is not enough. Denounce the president. Say his name. #impeach
there is no defending the corrupt greed driven family law industry either.
And who was, you loonie?
Talk is cheap. Do something and impeach Mein Drumpf
Great. #ImpeachTrump 

@realDonaldTrump
This is what you and leftist lemmings want, right Billy!? Eradicate all history of racism. I agree! Lets start with racist democrat party!
Disban the racist democrats! Tear down their party! Remove statues of Roosevelt! Burn anything pictures of Kennedy, Carter and Clinton!
So why have democrats done it for 150+ years?! If we are going to censure anyone it should be lying democrats. KKK was born in Dem. party!
And there's NO defending the idiots of antifa either..they spew as much hate as ANYONE..Fund the wall Bill!
You look white so we don't know forsure
Please tell your fellow Senator that repeating Nazi tropes about Jews is NOT OK

https://twitter.com/indivisible_tn/status/897950697538375681 …
How about defending Antifa, Bill?
Or antifa
You are my senator and I 100% support your words fighting racism and antisemitism in our country.
Senator speak up!
Lets call it what it is. Good vs Evil,  Its a sad day when out President identifies with the dark side. God help us
Nobody appears to be defending them, Senator. Please be more specific.
join Senator Rubio on calling the President out on his lack of judgment and sensitivity.
There's also no defending our borders, build that wall.  Arizona officials identified plague in fleas.  Zika in S America.  Cholera in Yemen
How about the violence on the other side where do you stand on that?
Likewise, not all anti-protesters were w/o blame.  ANTIFA,  paid protesters, came armed & ready for violence.  Takes 2, 2 tangle, take share
Pres Trump stated a truth, not all protesters in attendance, were white supremacists or Nazi's.  Merely protesting statue removal w/permit.
So everyone at Charlottesville fit neatly into you boxes?  How bout the folks who think destroying history is wrong? Is there room in US 4em
Hey. I know you're on vacation, but if you're not going to step up and fight to get him out, my next vote will be for someone who will
Pretty sure you are not talking to Bill Nelson
Both extremes to both sides need to be condemned and investigated.. #AltLeft & #AltRight there is no room in this country for any racism
I totally agree but you should also addressed that matter when we're dealing with black lives matter and Anifta
I'll agree with you when you add to that Antifa and BLM.  Don't count on my vote till you do so. #FLA
Congress and Senate need to stand up and do what is right. Put action to your words. Help where you can.
Chant death to America and will kill those that do not choose Allah. Hate groups should all be classified terrorist groups and FBI can raid
They hate Jews Christians and others so they should be included in Trump's list of hate mongers in this country. Let's not for Muslims that
Both sides attacked on video. Both were at fault 4 violence. No defending bigotry. on either side. BLM has joined w/Muslim Brotherhood & BDS
U are deluded and have been conned. Wake up!!
Defending and correctly identifying the facts and groups involved are not the same. Stop spreading hate and fear.
So glad you're the sane half of my senate representation.
@realDonaldTrump up Billy and under Obama you sat on your thumb. Hopefully you will not be re-elected Florida voted for PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Start to talk impeachment of the American  embarrassment  in the WH
Forget this crap; vote yes on the wall!!!

#Impeach45NOW #ImpeachTrump
Thank you!  We support you!
Then I'm sure your ready to get Sen Byrds name off of everything
More Senators as urself has to not just on twitter but publicly stand against ALL actions that happened Saturday and what POTUS has said
UR going to have to stand up to #GOP and fight. Introduce legislation censuring @POTUS for his comments. Do SOMETHING
Say his name!
I'm sorry this has to even be written, but thank you for your leadership on this issue.
No defending some of UR beliefs either! Democrat Socialist Violence & Racist Violence both sides need 2B condemned. Free speech is PROTECTED
What about black supremacists, BLM, and Antifa? Oh, right! They get a pass in your book because they are Democrats and can do no wrong...
Agreed! However in order to combat racism, we must first understand & address its root causes; otherwise we'll be forever plagued with it.
Political correctness isn't the answer, nor is hindering free speech. We must treat everyone equally w/ respect & dignity for common goals.
Forget the Klan & Nazi "foot soldier"; who's the leaders & benefactors? Ask yerself who has the most to gain by racial (& class) oppression?
In the end, blind & angry whites subscribed to racism are oppressed tools the same as their blacks, et al counterparts. #DivideAndConquer
This isn't about white supremacy, it is an erasure of American history & context; forgetting the CSA will not end racism. #MinistryOfTruth?
As a Florida voter I want to hear you call him out by name it is that not OK for this Fake president to tear apart our country! Stop him!!!!
Nice.  Now stand up and say his name - Donald Trump.
(904)630-1414 Duval County Supervisor of Elections. If your disgusted with GOP/Trump call to change party affiliation!
It's time to legislate trump out of office.  His presidency is a cancer on all America.
Then either move to impeach the man in the WH who *does* defend them, or shut it. #actionsnotwords
There is no defending Antifa and Black Lives Matter. They are the trouble makers and the problem.
This is the time where you all get together and get him out so you can live to fight another day. #ImpeachTrump
Sure there is. Just ask Trump.
Sen. Nelson. Please get some herewithal. Do something. Where is your voice. I voted for you and you are letting me down please DUMP him
same as there is no defending #uselesspoliticians that do nothing for their voters except parrot cnn. Nelson needs to go
No one did!  Violence is violence no matter who does it, there is no good violence.  Democrats need to stop the hate and division.
Or Antifa.
I'm glad we all agree on that now fund the wall
Nelson....go further. Stand up against what Trump said, you have to be more specific! It was Trump who turned this into the Rep Party
And antifa
Then FIGHT for him for God's sake!!!!  The Dems  are doing the moral equivalent of NOTHING!!  Stop him!  Stop his agenda!
Ty Senator. We have a Morally bankrupt POTUS and he does not deserved the position!!! Too much violence and he condones it.
Words r meaningless, tepid & revolting at this point. As a Jew, I demand my government say PREZ MUST GO. surreal any of u could do otherwise
Senator what will Congress do about it?
Can you introduce a resolution to censure @POTUS for conduct unbecoming of the office or the president?
There is no defending Dr. Phil neither. Because he fits in perfectly with those bastards.
There's no defending your voting record either.
There is no defending extreme violent leftist groups either. Why don't you stop playing politics & tell the truth. Shameful!
Absolutely true. Agreed!!! Also, no defending the faction of BLM chanting wants "dead cops...now", alt left promoting POTUS assassination.
Please post evidence of your claims.
Missouri State Senator @MariaChappelleN refuses to apologize after calling for assassination of President Trump!
So, she represents the entire Black lives matter movement, this one woman and her one deplorable statement?
So, nazis represent all Caucasians? All conservatives? NO this hateful group is evil. I'm willing to denounce any group that is violent
There's no defending hate in any of its forms by anyone from any political perspective.
Thank you Sen. Nelson
get used to retirement... you will be voted out of Florida.
tell me when you have ever denounced the violence of the Black Panthers,or black lives matter.  Trump denounced all racism. period!!
And no defending #Violence  from any one.
In other news, birds have feathers and feet and eyes. 

Be clear about what you're saying, @SenBillNelson. He's GOT TO GO
#25thAmendmentNow
We need action, Senator.  Trump is not fit to serve.
.... or BLM, Altfi & the rest either.
That is NOT STRONG ENOUGH!!!!!!
True, there is also no defending anarchists.
Of course not. But there is no defending violent leftists either. You are supposed to be a senator for all of us.
Who is defending them?? No one
Tear em all down Bill...hell with our history.  Good or bad.  Take down MLK Blvd, Park signs, building names, school plays...ect.
I say that not out of hate but love for each other.
And Brannon needs to go!  As a Rep...cant stand him.
Please hurry up with the IMPEACHMENT! Or at least the 25th amendment. He is unhinged.
Bill, the Botox getting in your brain?  KKK, etc. Is horrible but there were others fighting them no?  Violence is not good no matter who.
Senator, we need your help. What's going on with America? We need peace.
It would be refreshing if folks like you wouldn't be silent on POTUS being up front for years on his disavowing them.
Nor BLM, or minority caucuses that demand people leave the W/H.  All of this is an unamerican attempt to destroy our const repub democracy.
There is no defending Black Supremacist, Black Panthers or  any other White hating group!
Black Supremacists?  Who?  Never heard of them.  Black Panthers, really?  Would you care to name recent, 30 years or so, victims?
Eric Holder wouldn't handle the Black Panthers after intimidating voters in Philadelphia. Research it for yourself.
Please do something to stop them from gathering in Orlando Mr. Nelson.  We don't need more pain and suffering here.
Do something about it. We all know @marcorubio won't.
So this man is kkk? Nazi?or white supremacist? Get you facts or resign
nor, can you defend the violent leftist Antifa, the real perpetrators
Right. Because they killed someone on Saturday with all their standing around.
About 15 months and we get to vote you out
Let me get this right, these statues were around during the Obama years but now they are a disgrace?
about damn Time you call it what it is. THANK YOU, glad to have you back on board.
Funny thing is, He has to redefend all of this in 2020.
i agree REPEAL AND REPLACE BILL NELSON.
This is a nice sentiment but the situation demands much stronger action. Act!
I agree.  Bill, who do u think is defending them
Impeach now.
The President didn't either Senator. It's just your party  of obstructing.
Yea . That's better Senator.
Trump is unfit for office!
Many people are scared tonight.
Thank you. Proud to have to representing me in office. #FLocal
Maybe there wouldn't have been a riot IF ANTIFA didn't bring their CLUBS to bash them?  Or BLM didn't show up & fight. It takes 2 to tango!
isnt it time to find a way to remove this prez he is not stable he is a danger to america and the world
This your constituent appreciates your quick and unequivocal response!
Thank you my Senator!
Bradenton 
NOR other ethnic groups that HATE.  Sorry Senator Whites are not the ONLY ONES. BLM's actions has killed  TOO.  But that's ok right??
Then get in front of the cameras, get in front on your fellow congressmen, and start REALLY speaking out!  America needs you!!
I am beyond horrified by Trump's comments today. I can't support any part of his agenda. Thank you.
#IMPEACH
It's well past time!
None, did he forget that someone lost their life
Go back into your cave.  You are not a leader and will be term out
What about the Antifa-alt left with clubs. I do not support KKK, but do u support freedom of speech Only if they believe in your positions.
So glad you see it that way too Senator!
Good for you, Senator. I hope every Florida lawmaker and official joins you in denouncing any person who supports these evildoers.
Impeachment proceedings must begin immediately.
But @POTUS Did! At what point will the house and senate put country over party? #COWARDS
If not impeachable, invoke the 25th Amendment. Remove him now.
And who was Billy Boy
Is pointing out leftist hatred the same as defending white supremacists? Apparently that's where we are now in America? Sickening.
how much longer are members of congress going to remain #Complicit and allow this #Nazi to occupy the highest office in the land?
Trump has shown many times, but especially today, that he is unhinged and unfit for office. IMPEACH!!!!
#FireBannon #firegorka #firebannongorkamiller
You don't deny your Antifa though!!!
Does that include Your President..Didn't hear you say it...
Unless you're @realDonaldTrump ...
Thank you Senator.
Who is defending white supremacy?? Not the president!! Tell the truth and stop lying!!
Then don't support Trump.
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs  Why don't you include BLM? They gunned down cops in Dallas remember or it don't count because Obama was prez?
If they had any BALLS th Gen's & Pence should implement Article 25. GET RID OF THE EVIL NAZI PRICK!!!
Yes there is. I just saw Donald do it.
There is no defending @realDonaldTrump  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Who is defending them?
I'm not certain being called anti fascist is a bad thing? In fact, it's certainly a good thing. Proud of FL congress today! Go Bill/Marco!
Or BLM, or alt-left or Antifa
#impeach45
Well, the president just did, so what are you going to do about it?
#Boilerplate rhetoric was yesterday. This was beyond offensive, @realDonaldTrump  gave EXPLICIT APPROVAL of hate ideologies & #Nazis!
There is no defending a failed health care system.  Do something other than nothing!  Keep resisting.  You'll resist yourself out of office.
Help us!
Help US!
Please!
But u  BLM police murderers & destroyers of prop
Do something
Do something? Why start now
