There is no fixing ACA... A Republican is going to steal your seat if you continue this stance.
6 Followers? Love the mountains in the pic. Are they the ones in NW Florida?
I'm new to Twitter, and I travel the world... that pic was from the AP trail.  Thanks for asking!
So you don't like red headed people?
What world do you live in??
It was you said
Ohhh I get it... you're one of those liberal people who have to make shit up.  #fakenews. Grow up
Sad - you deleted your tweet
Hopefully you will be gone next election
Doesn't help us @SenBillNelson & we pay for it.We will see you at the polls & we are Florida voters,We cannot afford the unaffordable.
6 Followers - he thinks Dinesh D'Souza a Master of voter fraud is great. He hates All Dems. Part of the Rick Scott troll army
Yeah. Like the bipartisan way you guys adopted the ACA in the first place! #Obamacare #monolith
Thank you for your thoughtful comments at the Senate finance committee hearing yesterday, Senator.
Amen senator.
Stop making health coverage a political football... Get $ big pharma and insurance CEO profit out of health cost and it will be affordable
Big pharma helps them get reelected over and over again! #WakeUpAmerica
End sanctuary cities!
$1 trillion. How much to illegals. Hmnnnn
Failed helping the Pres pass healthcare fix.  Fail on tax reform and I, as a resident of Florida, will proudly vote you out! Nov. is near.
please stop issuing misleading and incorrect stats. Nelson bad for country and florida
Please convince @lisamurkowski to vote no, be certain this fails.
Just let Ocare implode.Then their will be NO perexisting ,child protection will have No coverage,elderly Will die,No coverage CUZ NO $
The aca website is down
Amen Bill!
Middle Class suffer, apparently thats fine with you!!
U fraud. FL please vote this guy out
Thank you for giving up on #Medicare4All before even considering it. I trust #BigPharma too!
Thank you sir. I look forward to long term adjustments to ACA that will help all Americans as well as reduce HC cost as a percent of GDP.1/3
Please include help for forgotten group that earns too much to rcv subsidies. Premiums and deductibles are astounding! Insurance Co's 2/3
Dream on, this pig is going to market and soon it will be finished!  Obama put us in a big mess and thousands are without usable insurance!
Please read my other posts to Nelson (senator in my state)...I agree with you that there is a large group of people that URGENTLY ...1/2
..needs help. Those who earn too much to get Fed subsidy help are being abused by the Ins. Industry. That MUST BE fixed.
You broke Nelson, fix it!
Absolutely.
Lies fakenew scare tacts $1trillion how much $ R U bleeding out of Medicare and Medicaid 2 pay 4 ACA now,BiLL? #MOMS that where kids $ going
How about not using government force by declaring individual mandates?
Please work toward more relief and recovery assistance to our families in Puerto Rico.
Thank you Bill!! Well said!
Wonder what the Brothers Grim are going to do with their $400mil now. Donate it to victims of Harvey, Irma and Marie? Fat chance
Yep. @POTUS @RepCurbelo @marcorubio
Still waiting on your bipartisan fix.
My second thank you to you today Sen Nelson. Also thank you Sen Collins. So encouraging to see such integrity.
And Ocare hasn't hurt MILLIONS of middle class people!?!? Sad
Listen up @marcorubio.
We don't believe you, remember "if you like your Dr, you can keep your Dr" ?  We are in a mess because of Obama Care & U voted for it! 
Thank you Senator Collins for your courage and integrity!
Thank you for your care of Fl. And US healthcare.
I like Barney Frank lowering Medicare to 55 will lower ins. Premiums for younger It's a start that will be cost effective and help economy.
Using your scare tactics again while being disinterested in finding ways to to help alleviate our healthcare costs
Senator Nelson, you are the quintessential liberal Democrat with his head up your ass.
Time to stop down and let Florida bloom!
Thanks @SenBillNelson keep up the good work.
Go ahead, stay with the Dems talking points! I can predict what your going to say before you even say it!
SPEAKING of which. You need to be loudly pushing #MedicareForAll.
Well Bill, it would be nice if you brought  partisan ideas, Instead democrats are voting no on anything. I will vote you out.
Thanks @SenBillNelson
Thank you Senator! This constituent is happy.
That's right @marcorubio .  Maybe you can apply some of that Christian philosophy and talk to @SenBillNelson.
Amen!  Remember we'll when both parties understood their obligation to represent 100% of Americans & most in need!
Why would you say this?  You have the opportunity to fund it if it needs more money.  Do you believe Florida will not take care of it's own?
Told you Collins was a real dem
Thank you Senator for not worrying about our national debt. Had me worried that someone might end up being an adult in the room
Any Republican but you in Nov 2018.
Bill, keep stirring up your entitled base as you heap more taxes on those still working...  You're doing a fine job...
We need to focus and fix the greed that got us here.  Do you want to help.  https://stopgreednow.com/greed-economics-and-the-customer-experience/ ….
what about PUERTO RICO AND US VIRGIN ISLANDS

Just spoke to military leaders in charge of hurricane response. Urged them to send additional support to Puerto Rico & USVI in wake of Maria https://twitter.com/SenBillNelson/status/912335697679437824 …
Thank you @SenBillNelson  reinforcing my call to your office this weekend!  Thank you!
Why do we need bipartisan fixes for a totally partisan piece of crap legislation shoved down our throats by Dems. Get stuffed, Bill!
Thanks Sen. Nelson. You have my vote in 2018 for sure
If you believe in term limits, Senator Nelson has served 2 terms! It is time to put him out to pasture, find some one else to vote for
If Ms. Lyles can show me why I should choose her over Sen. Nelson, is gladly change to the more qualified person
He's a rare dedicated politician who continues to serve us well. Why would we do that? 
My family would fall apart if we lost our Medicaid. I have special needs kids that depend on it and I’m disabled and depend on it 2
Did you have Medicaid before ocare?
No
Bill, You say that yet your party crammed it down America's throat without bipartisan support. 2 faced arent we Bill
You're my "guy" Bill! Love you lots.
You have destroyed our HealthCare system by pushing a take over of 1/5th of our economy for govt control
PURE PROGRESSIVE MARXISM.
Thank you, Senator Nelson for fighting for Florida!!!
Thank you for all that you do.
Thank you sen. Nelson for all your tireless work with #Irma and still keeping up with ur regular duties
Yes, thank you @SenatorCollins. Bipartisan solutions are possible!
Where can I read this bill? @SenBillNelson
Single payer, pls
That would be me, right...?
?
Medicare for all... it's Universal Health Insurance not universal healthcare
Your right...  No guarantee you'll be seeing a doctor anytime soon after it's implemented.
You obviously don't know anything about healthcare
