great we won't accept the Syrian refugees, but we will bomb their county because that will be better for them?
Do you want to bring in the entire country or stabilize the place? Refugees and military intervention are related but don't mix the issues.
No one is suggesting that the US bring in "the entire country". The question is whether to have a 100% ban on Syrian refugees.
Seems strange to be so worked up about Syrian deaths that we're willing to wage war, and yet not be willing to take any of them in.
Seems strange to mix the issues.
I mean, the poisoned children Trump says made him decide to bomb Syria are literally the same children Trump promised to not let in b/c...
...they might be terrorists.
The point is letting in 150k refugees does not stop tye sarin gas attack.
I am deeply disappointed in your belief that Trump's acting without congressional approval was correct. This was a deflection. Do better.
Look up War Powers Act.
Are we at war with Syria? (No.)
Are babies being gassed? YES. What kind of person says the world's only superpower should sit back and do nothing?
I just don't think it will do any good, especially without better planning/congress approval. Assad still capable of attacks.
Fortunately, you're not in charge of US foreign policy. It told Assad and the world that things are different now. They heard the message.
You're fairly jejeune if you think this wasn't a Russian plan to have sanctions lifted. Even now, they're condemning the strike.
Your delusion is noted.
As a constituent, I'm disappointed in your statement Senator. Action should be taken against Assad, but NOT by executive fiat.
Inaccurate. Refer to WAR Powers Act. President can act & then has 90 days to obtain Congressional approval.
Just because something CAN be done doesn't mean that it SHOULD be done.  I agree on action but we should not act unilaterally.
We just disagree. 65% support this very limited, tactical strike. Msg needed sending & @POTUS got it done.
@POTUS just rang Assad's bell without significant loss of life...and China/Russia/Iraq/NKorea just heard it, loud & clear.
#SyriaStrikes
Do you support the MOAB strike too? You praise him once, he'll do it again.
.@SenBillNelson You're a US Senator!!! Have you heard of the War Powers Clause???? Article 1 Section 8, Clause 11
wasn't a deceleration of war, the WPA also stipulates that the president has 90 days before needing approval
Yes it was. In order for the war powers act to be valid we must delcare war and we haven't. Presidents just go to war now.
We finally have a president MAN enough to stand up against atrocities.  Not like @BarackObama who wimped out and embarrassed America
Sorry Sen. Nelson this was a waste, Assad doesn’t care. Please speak up before Trump does this with N. Korea to start a war.
NO WALL NO WALL NO WALL NO WALL NO WALL!!!!
Okay seriously. Trump wants the credit. Mil is depleted. What is the long range plan?
Sen. Come factfinding. See >$1,000,000 NavyFRCSW CA
fraudwasteabuse. I will give you a tour. Threat to Nat Security
https://integrityvetsos.wordpress.com/ 
Except it was an impotent attack since they were given enough warning to move their equipment before the strike.
STRIKE DIDN'T DO ANYTHING JUST LIKE WALL WON'T WE DON'T WANT THE WALL NOR DO WE WANT TO BE FORCED TO PAY FOR IT YOUR JOB DEPENDS ON THAT !!
it seems like POTUS is tearing up the government. I'll be glad if the investigations are ever finished.
Why do you support Trump and Al Qaeda?
45 did this w/o congressional approval  He broke the law.  hold him accountable. Assad will use this again and again.
How can you trust this president? Investigate! Too important to rely on this man!
AF Rey.-there's rumors from my doctor he's changing Tricare and she will no longer take it if he lowers the payment allowance
Didn't put it out of commission & they moved everything before attack. Total waste of $$. But good Smoke screen for Trump.

The bodies of 110 kids killed by NATO rebels in the Rashdeen massacre are being transferred to Damascus! @CNN & @BBC never heard of it! 

Who benefits from the gas attack blamed again on Assad? Not Assad. It was clearly committed by the terrorists who were losing this war.
.@SenBillNelson You're a shame to Florida. How dare you. Prepare to be primaried corporate shill.
How do we know it was Assad? What is the plan? What are we doing to help the innocent in Syria? Investigate #Trumprussia  #smokeandmirrors
Please stop trump before he gets us all nuked!

Please see my Facebook post on the ongoing Syria crisis-- http://bit.ly/2oM7nPf 
Senator, please be more vocal and forceful in opposing Trump. He is incompetent and dangerous. Represent your constituents, sir.
And you support Trump notifying Russia and Trump's lack of notifying Congress? Keep investigating so impeachment of 45 is imminent!
shocked at ur support for this foolish wasteful action. Identify what this accomplished.  No actions were taken to prevent chemical warfare
#stayfocused on #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TheResistance demands #IndependentInvestigation & #TrumpTaxReturns
Hopefully it teaches everyone.
A strike with no strategy is not going to teach anyone anything. -Concerned constituent.
very disappointed by your support of this bombing
Sir, you are my Senator. I'm disappointed in you. I assume you know it was a Constitutional violation without Congressional approval.
Inaccurate. Refer to the War Powers Act.
War Powers Act applies in situations of self defense.
My point is that President is allowed tactical strikes, etc...without Congressional approval.
ABC reporting that the Syrians and Russians were given the heads up before the strike. There needs to be an investigation. Looks political
What did we do to russia, they dropped chlorine
Terribly disappointed you bought into the ruse. Not surprised, though.
But he has for years??? why now? because trump wants to look presidential?
Drop the ban and let them in
Fear this isn't part of a long term strategy. It's justified but 2 what end? Trump can't speak in full sentences, let alone guide policy.
Never mind the lack of a full investigation to verify the claims. Remember the last time we went off half cocked? Iraq? Sadam and his WMDS?
Is 15 years of bloodshed, trillions of $ wasted and decades of blowback from failed regime changes in the Middle East not enough?
Just trying to win 2018 elections and divert from Russia probe.  If he cared he would never have stopped refugees from coming here.  Korea!
Are you kidding???  10s of Millions of $ that didn't put the airbase out of commission.  smoke & mirrors.
What do you think of the air strikes that were done the next day from that air base?
Maybe try supporting humanitarian efforts in Syria instead of 45's efforts to bring us to war. #DisappointedConstituent #HoldingUAccountable
I disagree. This was a political ploy. Never trust Trump.
But is there a Plan B? Will 45 allow those fleeing violence to immigrate to the US? Or is this a diversion from the Russia investigation?
You are too dense.
Trump needs to held accountable for attacking a sovereign nation without congressional approval. Article 1 Section 8, Clause 11
So, 45 can run off half-cocked, using bombs anywhere, getting us into WW3 and it's all ok? WTF? Get this madman under control!!!!
I disagree, @SenBillNelson.  DT's action was as  ill thought out as his tweets.   What's the plan now?  #Consequences
At last. Someone with common sense.
Don't be gullible! DT strike in Syria was a political stunt to improv his dismal ratings. Do not encourage irresponsible entanglements.
I can't believe that you approve of something that trump did
So, Prez of Syria decided to attack his own ppl AFTER Trump decided NOT to follow Dumb Obama's Regime Change policy?  Come on, use the brain
WHO benefits from the chemical attack?  WHOMEVER benefits from the chem attack was the perpetrator!  Anyone w 1/2 brain can figure it out
I don't support DUMB Trump attacking Syria w/o Congressional debate & approval - IMPEACH HIM !
You just lost my support & vote. This was illegal & accomplished nothing. It was choreographed to make drumpf look good. That's all.
I beginning to think you are compromised. You represent @TheDemocrats That will be voted out for your bad actions.
Without congressional approval?! I support you being primaried for a better democrat in 2018. Florida deserves better.
So you support violating our Constitution. You also voted for Wilbur Ross. You are a traitor & will never get my vote again.
I hope that ISIS and other terrorists not Goaled USA by this trick,I hope USA could see taliban civil killings in AFG!
Good for you Senator Nelson he will need all the support he can Garner. I hope you will support him on many of the domestic issues as well.
Keep your eye on the ball. Why would Assad use chemical weapons now? Something doesn't fit. #Approval rating?
Oh yeah, give him plenty of time to get out of harm's way first, that'll teach him. SMH
Truly pathetic that you couldn't bring yourself to vote for a fine man like Judge Gorsuch. Shame on you and democrat party.
You are wrong on this.No Congressional authorization-unconstitutional. No real damage done to Assad-they're flying out of that base already.
.So glad to see you are in favor #SyriaStrikes. Proud @realDonaldTrump is protecting ALL people better than their leaders.
He didn't hit anything..they were flying in and out early this morning..duhhhhhhh..
So POTUS cares enough about Syrian people to launch 50Tomahawks but not enough to let victims of Assad find refuge & freedom
So you aren't one for adhering to the constitution?
Since when do air strikes "teach" anything!
Good to hear of your support!
So it's okay if Assad kills Syrians with conventional weapons, just not chem? How about a no fly zone? Strike was theater, and nothing more.
This is good to hear still not voting for you in 2018
Please make sure #45 comes to the Congress FIRST next time !!
Easy to justify TLAM's when you are not on the receiving end. If we were under similar attacks, would you still feel the same?
Sure! What lessons have we learned from getting involved in Mid East Politics? Up in arms about Russia's intervention here. Are we guilty?
Me too!
Wish Trump would stop blaming and politicizing. Be a real President. He wanted to strike yes, his prerogative. Obama had his.
Thanks
Thank you. You are on the right side of history. This should only be the beginning. More should come. #Assad must go.
Maybe I should have said, "As a Floridian, I request 4 minutes and 12 seconds of your time."
It was the rebels who used the chem weapons.  The UN found them guilty the last time.  No investigation?  Please see the truth
As a Floridian, I condemn your support of this attack. Also you're a fool if you think punching someone who's punching teaches them anything
Thank you sir. You represent me & my family.
You should have supported Neil Gorsuch and voted YES instead of playing politics!!!
Stop obstructing President Trump's agenda!
It would help if Trump didn't give the Syrian, Chinese, and Russian forces a headsup to move all their stuff first.
Nope..
You need to keep Trump in check. Did he discuss this with Congress prior to the air strike?
I usually agree w/you.  We killed 9, 4 kids & left the runway intact.  Only 23 missles hit the target, where are the rest?
I have little confidence in our abilities on the international stage.
Shakes finger at him and say,"You be a good boy now". Like any despot, he won't listen.Trump warned Putin, Putin warned Assad.No real damage
Very disappointed in you on this one, Sen Nelson.
I thought the #Russians disposed of #Syria 's chemical weapons 4 years ago...
Please continue to critically evaluate this administration's actions. Pres cannot bomb his way to higher approval ratings.
If Assad falls, who replaces him as leader?  ISIS, no doubt, unless we step in and dominate. Assad is bad, but ISIS is far worse. What now?
Think about what you just said, think hard. Lesson? Not likely for Assad, or the man child that is "President."
How about an air strike on Title IV-D before it kills more innocent parents? Teach America a lesson.
About time support something. Now vote yes on Gorsuch.
@SpeakOutBrevard @SC_Indivisible he will bomb the country but won't accept refugees?
Needs congressional approval for war.
This shpuld not stop nor delay investigation into Russian interference.  @SpeakOutBrevard @SC_Indivisible
DISAGREE. It's not our job to teach Assad a "lesson". Where are our allies?!?! Congressional approval?!?!?! HELLO????
Shouldn't Congress vote on actions like this?
I am astounded by this support of an illegit pres.  This was prearranged with Putin and you know it.  Shame on you!
Agreed but @POTUS should have sought congressional support and why did he warn Russia?  Who then warned Assad.  What was the point then?
Go back to sleep or just get out of the way after 8-yrs of destroying American values. Now it is Clean up time.
Clean up what?  Trump told everyone about the strike so basically he bombed a bunch of toy planes.  This was smoke and mirrors! #wakeup
It was a warning to all dictators that America is back. No more paper tiger, No empty threats. @BarackObama is gone.
LOL!  A warning?? , by warning them to get out before the U.S. strikes?? Okay #rolleyes
No, you are confusing it with how @BarackObama conducted air strikes in Iran. Well known to everyone.
Are you sure??!!
Disappointed constituent here! Tell us more how u feel on other issues that r going on!
Then give Hillary Clinton the credit for telling the admin what to do.
Good decision to support the administration's air strike. Now please do the right thing for Florida and vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch.
So you don't think Congress should approve acts of war? Separation of powers? What is to stop Trump next?
Well let's see - President Obama in 2013 went to Congress to ask for power to retaliate.  Congress said NO!  Did Trump even ask Congress
So I missed, yet another, VOTE by congress to go to war with a sovereign nation -Oh wait- You didn't do your job again. #2018
Disagree. @POTUS will prove @BarackObama right by getting involved in another Mideast war. What happened to #AmericaFirst? This is bad news.
But are you confident in their abilities and experience to handle?  I am not.
As a constituent, I do not.
I don't trust the DT at the wheel, I am afraid he might use this to exculate an illegal war. My heart bleeds for the people.
We have to trim the national budget and cut the funds to hud, education and our national parks but funding another war is totally cool
It won't.
Don't be crying when they blast sarin gas on you. Oh wait I guess you have no option smh
Don't you think Trump needs confressional approval for these actions? Particularly in light of his inexperience and unpredictable temper?
Yeah. That's just peachy. We'll teach Putin a lesson too, right? You must think we are all imbeciles, @SenBillNelson.
Yeah, cause they cant build another one.
It's not enough. He must face true justice for his crime against humanity. Can't rub out those images from my brain. Should be a lesson.
I too, agree. I just pray this strike was well thought out! Who knows with Trump! 2 days ago, his admin were willing to let Assad stay.
#confirmgorsuch
@OathKeeper101st False Flag! Obvious! Wake up! Same old lie not even original! War Pigs!
Glad you are supporting President Trump on this issue.
I pray he died in the aftermath. Anyone who wants ppl to struggle & die slowly has no heart! He should be hung up by his toe nalis till dead
I am appalled that 45 told Putin and not Congress. This should NOT be tolerated and I need you and @marcorubio to hold him accountable.
What if it doesn't?
Thank you for tweeting. We must hear from you more. Increase your followers by tweeting. Must let us know what's happening in DC.
Palestinian children being murdered left and right Yemen Children dead dead dead Not a fucking peep, Assad no proof needed
Does it not bother you a little bit that Trump consulted with Russia before launching these strikes but not w/Congress--because it should.
Yes but I didn't vote for the satanic minded person, so what is there to do if the cowardly lying ryan is afraid of satanic spirited trump.
So how is killing innocents with missiles not the same as killing them with gas - dead is dead
As yr constituent, I expect you to hold President accountable to receive Congressional approval for military actions.
Holy shit republicans never learn how not to go to war in the Middle East
@All100Senators Where were you in 2013 when Assad did the SAME thing & Obama came for authorization for military action?????
And did Trump go to Congress?????
I hope you kn #voting no no gets you fired, from Osceola County yes yes
Yes but @SenBillNelson don't believe for a min it was Trumps idea. He's not that knowledgeable.
I support NOT getting into another devastating war which will kill millions of civilians and cost trillions of dollars.
If the obamamessiah had done this when the "red line" he established was crossed, this strike wouldn't have been necessary.
How quickly you forget. People said no. Congress said no. UN said ISIS did it.
Do not like you response to the bombing. Trump is a Traitor and a hypocrite who continues to reject Refugees from that country.lost my vote
If Syria was a problem in isolation, that might happen.  But in this international labyrinth, there are too many moving parts.
@FOX13News good. Support Gorsuch too please
I'm tweeting you now and will call your office in the morning to register a complaint from a constituent: bombing is NEVER a good lesson.
Typical stupid Democrats!
Looking buddy buddy with him here
Everything is assuaged by bombing the shyt out Middle Eastern countries! How about supporting DT by escorting him from MAL & back 2 the WH?
Didn't you visit this dictator in 2004
You just lost all my support for re-election. I will now support a primary challenger or a third party or independent over you.
Thank you for being an American tonight! No gas on the innocent of the world!
I hope you ran this by Schumer, Bill.
Can't believe u've fallen 4 this distraction. Won't let refugees in, but  2 start conflict? And do u think this admin has plan, strategy?
This is a dangerous downward spiral.  Insist on congressional authorization!!!!
Naive
This is the most coherent thing you have done/said recently.
WHAT??!!  How do we bomb a country but not accept it's refugees. This was incompetence.
Here we go again...
Why wasn't #Assad the target then? Why was Russia warned? 
Don't fall for the #Trump ploy
#GorsuchNomination slip thru tomorrow
you disappoint many. We do not have to respond to violence with violence.
Stop
I am very disappointed in you Senator. What about the refugees he wants to ban? This air strike will do nothing for the people.
That's disappointing. I voted for you.
This was the wrong this to say at the wrong time.
