Must see documentary Clinton Cash.  This is the leader that got away.  This is what we would have in WH.  Thank God, Russia exposed Hillary
U R being lied to daily.  Vote these hypocrites out in 2018.  See what a united America can be. "You" have 2 put America ahead of politics
10 month FBI investigation shows NO COLLUSION evidence - #witchhunt Comey should have been fired 1/22 for botching Clinton email corruption
Florida could have 2 Dem Senators and Governor.  Let's not waste the energy generated by president's lunacy.
If your party is so sensitive and politically correct, Y did I have 2 hide from the violent left?  Every ugly act attributed 2 Trump is left
They promote violence in universities.  They Indoctrinate your students and allow them to do their dirty work, teach hate & intolerance.
Russia interfered with Hillary's emails, not election.  Her emails were self incriminating. Don't kill the messenger.  America dodged bullet
The world is a mess, it's dangerous.  Stop persecuting Trump because he won the WH & get busy protecting our country.  Open borders not safe
lol  how long you going to run with this russian B.S  what joke BILL ..you want to see Trump fail admit Bill this what this is all about ..
Like a cat following a red laser spot - get to to work
Comey cites Lynch meeting w/ bill as disturbing & motivation to report additional emails found on Weiner laptop.  Obstruction of justice?
Loretta Lynch holds prvt meeting w/Bill Clinton, while DOJ investigation of Hillary is underway? He probably said "can U go easy on her"?
America, vote these Dems out in 2018.  They stand in way of America & citizens to glorify party and promote themselves.  Replace U w/aliens
So far, the only #RussianCollusion connection has been with @TheDemocrats and the @BarackObama administration. #TakeTheBlindfoldsOff
Ha ha fakenews!   More taxpayer money wasted at @TheDemocrats hands!
Does Soro's pay U by the lying tweet?  We have 4 investigations already.  Plan is to l keep looking, because it's a distraction. Shame on U!
We need prosecutors & committees 2 arrest Hillary and Obama's entire DOJ.  Have not forgotten bleached emails, pay 2 play politics & tarmac
Sen Nelson, now it more clear than ever that we need to impeach him and all of his swamp.
These liberals are desperate swamp dwellers.  They have the power of mainstream media to keep U in the dark.  U hear what they want U 2 hear
Looks very clear to me.
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS
Movement member. I'm a senior and a Trump supporter.  I had 2 hide my views from the left, for fear of personal harm. That's Y polls failed.
Susan Rice, Obama appointee, illegally uses office to spy on Trump campaign, 4 entire year.  No evidence reported.  But unmasking revealed
Unlike Hillary who used SS office 2 negotiate deals w/world leaders 2 line her pockets. Used foundation 2 launder bribes as donations
Trump obviously sees world leaders, as leaders, good or bad, Trump will negotiate with devil if it will improve  American wealth or security
The theme here, if you can't beat him legally, use any method possible. Interfere with the business & safety of country for sake of party.
Clapper & Rice, both Obama appointees, say there is no evidence of collusion w/Russia. This is a lie, repeated & promoted in lieu of policy
Y do Dems resist voter registration verification if they think Russia interfere w/election?  Let's see how many non citizens voted 4 Hillary
We need weekend Anti-Trump events organized.  Why aren't Dems taking advantage of the momentum?
Don't take my word. Go back and listen to Comey press conference again.  Listen w/o bias interpretation by media.  Watch Clinton Cash.
Think
FBI failed to investigate Clinton Cash, failed to prosecute Hillary's distribution of classified & top secret emails & deleting others?
We have N Korea threatening missile strikes, Middle east, in leadership vacuum, ISS constant threat.  Liberals focus on attacking WH?
Clinton Cash- Hillary sells a rain forest, Bill's business associate buys it, then donates one billion, that's billion, 2 Clinton foundation
Shiff says, we need a spcl counselor & spcl investigator (not same) 2 look 4 proof of crime that the 3 committees already formed can't find?
You are so right that now more than ever we need an independent commission to sort out this mess. Please push hard.
The crap,nelson and his fellow Democrats are doing  now affecting the stock market and my money,stop the crap and move this country forward
Thank you Senator for your input.
Thank you again for your service.
No, we need to trust the people in charge of the investigation and let it run to completion :)
Nonsense; go to important work!
False and you know it. New Democratic Party not loyal opposition.  More like the Quisling Party.  See North Korea, Isis, etc.
Not true. You know it. I'm shocked at you. Did not think you were a new dem. I thought you would be the dem with courage to resist Schumann
Pelosi's with Trump!
Demand GOP impeach immediately
Very discouraged US Senate majority leaders drag feet on an independent investigator.  #GOP  = #idiocy
@marcorubio tonight even MORE reason to remove that lunatic @realDonaldTrump from the @WhiteHouse
Please DO something. @IndivisibleTeam suggests you withhold consent; stop Senate business until a special prosecutor appointed.
Thank you Senator Nelson. Please take action
@AdamSchiffCA Time to stop the political blathering. You're up for reelection maybe things will change for the better
Stop the political blathering. Start governing retire enough is enough
Sir, thank you for speaking out. #PatriotSenBillNelson Please keep speaking out to save our Republic!
Thank you for looking out for our country!
What is an independent commission?  You have two congress. committees comprising Reps & Dems What else do you need?. No Crime here
Indeed it is. Please insist on that !!!
This constituent agrees fully.
Thank you sir!
Thank you America patriot. Enough is enough! Let's find out what is going on. Stall any further activity. No FBI director nothing!
This man saved the US!
No new FBI director until this happens!
Good luck
YES! Thank you Senator Nelson 78% of ALL Americans want this  & DEMAND this. We are behind you. No new FBI head until Indep. Comm. appointed
#gop #russiancollusion - lock them up!
not one sound from GOP #TRAITORS
Please help protect our democracy.#TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #impeachment
thank you !! Save this great country. Trump wants to be dictator
Thank you!!
Are so right we need help
What law has been violated?
help us get him impeached....before he blow up the world!
Thank you, @SenBillNelson, for supporting an independent investigation. Now you & your Senate colleagues need to help make this happen.
We're behind you, Senator!
Thank you for standing up for democracy over Russia.
Could you give @marcorubio a nudge please? From his TL he's much more concerned with Columbia & Venezuela than the USA. #TrumpRussia
@marcorubio Ur tweets r great. But where r u? Tweet what u will do about Trump's (what appears to be) obstruction of justice.
Dnc deflect from corruption project  veritas  abedin  letter   brother  ties   brotherhood  podestaemails  obamagate  blackmail  opponents
Thank you
Stop the grand standing and start representing the voters interest....
Do not advance any of trump's agenda without an independent commission to investigate #TrumpRussiaCollusion
What was your position on Obama using the IRS to go after the TEA Party??
So what is your plan going forward on how to make that happen?  
What are you going to do to represent us?
glad to see you are finally agreeing with the majority of our state that Hillary's culpability be exposed  that you Sir
Get it done
Thank you Senator.  This personfrom 32257 appreciates your efforts.
Thank you, Senator Nelson. 
Over 70% of voters think Comey needed to go.
Where was your concern when the IRS was being used to target political enemies??  You have become a two bit political hack.
I support your comment. Keep pushing for what is true and just Bill!
Senator, I find it disturbing that you care more about the source of exposed corruption than the crime and corruption itself.
It's clear we in FL need a new senator who is not part of the disruption machine based completely on partisan views.  Shame on all of you.
The Russians are accussed of accessing and revealing information, leaking docuements, that were the TRUTH!  Not good, but never mentioned.
Would you support an independent special prosecutor for Hillary Clinton and her multiple violations of the espionage act?
Agreed.
Tell Rubio to stand up now before we become a dictatorship Please look at the world news it's disgraceful incompetent POTUS
Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Thank you Senator Nelson for watching our backs!
So why isnt that knucklehead @marcorubio board with this yet.  He cant love Trump or Russia? #worktogether #IndependentInvestigation
Thank you. I am a veteran,Florida resident,and Republican. I urge you to speak the Truth to Power. Talk to @marcorubio.Oppose Trump.
Thank you Senator Nelson!
As one of your constituents  I couldn't agree more!
Thank you for doing your job. Don't stop fighting!
Stop wasting time and money chasing ghost.  Don't let you bias get in the way of doing the peoples work.  DJT was legitimately elected.
It is clear the Russian's interfered and told HRC not to campaign in blue states. #liberallies
Respectfully Senator, faux outrage falls on deaf ears when you have been silent about the scandals involving your own party's candidate
Thank you, Sen.Nelson. You have my support too.
Senator Nelson, I trust the committees and an independent will only delay the process.
Senate Intelligence Committee subpoenas Michael Flynn for Russia investigation
I agree!   Thank you Senator for your leadership.
Why are you telling us? There's nothing we can do. DO YOUR JOB
Be persistence Mr. Nelson, we are counting on you!
Thank you, @SenBillNelson.  
Glad to call you my senator.  
Lil' @MarcoRubio, you should take notes.
Do you @SenBillNelson have an original thought? All you seem to do is repeat the party line. Please don't run again! FL deserves better.
Ridiculous that you believe this garbage
You'll do and say whatever Schumer tells you.
You need to be replaced!
What interference your party lost Senator even with backing from the establishment
as long as you also have a independent commission to investigate HRC and the Democrats for interfering with our election, DNC admitted it
https://www.facebook.com/197760674021143/videos/262168800913663 …
If you are in DC today please let the crowds at the WH know that we have your support. It would mean everything !
DO SOMETHING! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #ComeyFiring
@marcorubio Where are you on this - have any ethics or morality, sir?
Regarding "Russia's interference" everyone, when under oath, says there is "no evidence of collision."  Dems have nothing but fake news.
Thank you for seeing this as a nonpartisan issue. An investigation is imperative to ensure the sanctity of our great nation.
Am a constituent.Tried to call DC&Tampa offices but voice mail full/line busy.Fully support your call for ind. commission
Yes, thank you, hold firm on this
be careful, all of FL is watching
Thank you Senator Nelson!  We are counting on you to push hard for this to happen!  @marcorubio - You too!!
Rubio?  Yeah right.
Mr. Nelson, please hold strong. We need this guy investigated just so that we as a country can regain our self respect. It's disgusting.
We can't have this guy putting himself above the law or above the country. This family needs to be investigated also.
Thank you Senator Nelson! #IndependentInvestigationNow
Right next to Bigfoot, Sen. Useful.
Why is a Disabled Veterans Issue of having to wait 30 days for Prescription to be mailed circle jerked circulated in emails ?
It is not clear!
Thanks Bill!  What ate you doing to force the issue ?
Thank you for listening to Fl voters, we have to do something Now! #impeachTrump
Now it's clear you're a clear reason for term limits. Haven't done jack for Florida nothing said about VA just collecting that pay check.
Please make sure that we get an independent commission. We must get to the bottom of this issue!
We need our Senators working on running the country. It's becoming obvious they are incapabale of performing their duties as legislators.
Will @marcorubio join you in this call for truth? I sure hope so!
And soon, Sir. I am a Florida constituent who urges you to do all possible to make this so. @potus
As a senator have you asking for a real answer from Donald Trump? Your constituents needs action
How did the Russians interfere: released corrupt hiLIARy and Podesta emails, uncovered corruption in DNC (Schultz, etc.),cast illegal votes?
PLEASE put AMERICA first. No to Afghanistan, Russia, and Putin. Save Americans!
Thank you - 33607
Yes! Please pursue this every day. For the sake of our country, please continue to demand an independent investigation ASAP.
We are counting on you to--quite literally--save the United States of America.
We need and independent investigation NOW.
you cant let the president destroy our constitution and steal our government this isnt russia but its beginning to look like it
: both you and Chuck Schumer are dams to the river of freedom. Your only purpose is to obstruct the President. Shame on you !
@senatormarco_r This is for the history books & your constituents are watching. We need an independent commission.
#SpecialProsecutorNow
Thank you Senator.
Please act. Americans demand action Our republic is under attack by fake president. DEMAND INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!!!!!!
Thank you Senator!
Yes Lets investigate how the Clintons manipulated the sale of US uradium to Russia.
As if the US Government has never meddled in a foreign nations politics or an election. Go collect your check @SenBillNelson
Thank you for calling for an independent commission to investigate #TRUMPRUSSIA .  Enough of the games.  The truth must be told.
Subpoena Susan Rice, maybe then we'll know who committed the only felony known to date surrounding the investigation. MAGA!
Form a commission to get to the bottom of Hillary Clinton's foundation profiting from the plutonium deal with Russia. #keepitreal
Hm. Did you call for independent review of Hil's email scandal?
we need an independent commission and a special prosecutor Now!!!
Good Soldier....you lost my vote Sir.  typical dem talking point.  Florida swamps gonna get u soon!
Thank you, Sen. Nelson
Take action! Enough is enough already!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Nelson, for taking a stand for #ChecksAndBalances.
To get to the truth, we need a #SpecialProsecutor.
CC:@SenCoryGardner
We will NOW find out about the UNMASKING FELONY SOONER RATHER THAN LATER. YAY!!
Thank you!
Please fight for that in the Senate
Be careful, YOUR name may be uncovered!
Russia is just not real. A made up story because the democrats lost.
Sen. Nelson as a Florida voter I say do not waste taxpayer money on this farce. Use the money to pay on Federal debt.
Counting on you to do something about it, senator!
Thank you Senator.
Something is rotten in Denmark. Do not let Trump worm out investigation @marcorubio @RepTedYoho
Please Bill! You are beat a dead horse!
There was zero  you are chasing a ghost, you are a democrat in other words a fool.
Is good at waisting taxpayers money,How much have you spent in #first100days #votingNodems  #Noprofessionalpolitician #MAGA
We the people are counting on you
Please do! Thank you,Your country will love you forever .
Thank you Senator.  I hope a few more of your colleagues put country first.
