What happens in a few short months from now when the exchanges of no insurance companies. So much for healthcare
So...you just proved you haven't been doing your job in paying attention... Must be nice to get paid to do nothing but spread lies...
Thank you for making the hard choice
Government health insurance is not allocated in the Constitution. This is not about health care, it's about control over our lives.
LIE! U know it or didnt read it. Afraid you and friends will lose power by giving back to states? Shame on you sir. Very Sad! #MAGA
U need to learn to read
I agree! NO government sponsored or mandated health insurance at ALL. Investigate and regulate health insurance companies to stop their rape
Please talk with Sen Rubio. There's a possibility you could influence Sen Rubio and gain his support to improve the ACA.
According to you you haven't even seen it?  Why are your fear mongering about preexisting?  It is covered & I have such a condition.
Thank you!
We The People prevailed in election.  You r morally obligated to do our bidding. Healthcare's NOT a right; all ur posturing won't make it so
Thank you.
Spot the lying Nelson
Thanks Bill Nelson!
I wonder, would you support a plan that returns health care to the private sector and allows health insurance to be sold over state lines?
Thank you, Senator Nelson. I wrote you an email and tweeted you about this issue. Thank you for HEARING us.
Thank you Sen Nelson!
BIll wake up  you know how many liars there are trying bull shit to get entitlements by the Gov,t  most people who vote for you know that ,
WTG Bill!
Sir U know Preexisting Conditions R covered N the ACA of 2017! Need 2 put aside politics N favor of the American people! Let's get this done
.Thank you from this constituent, cancer patient, and caregiver to MS patient. I am holding @RepWebster accountable for his inhumane vote.
Thank you Bill Nelson! My husband has cancer and my son and his 2 boys were hit by a car going to school. + ICU, surgery, etc, .
Thank you Senator Nelson I knew you cared for all Americans and would always do what is in our best interests.  You will always have my vote
You're full of it.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Please support H.R. 676,
Thought there was pool for those with pre existing conditions?
Wrong Mr. Nelson.  Get the new health care act voted in.  Stop with the lies of Obamacare.  No care from Treasonist Obama.  You do it
That is not what I read! Explain please
Thank you!
Thank You!! It's good to know you are in our side!!
Nelson doesn't support and he doesn't have to live under it, He and all the other politicians exempted themselves, bc obamacare is crap
As a constituent, I thank you Senator. But please convince @marcorubio and others to vote "no" as well. #saynototheamericanhealthcareact 
I agree!
Thank you for your clear and honest take on the disaster that is Trumpcare. We need you to keep fighting against it and for true health care
The government does not belong in the healthcare business.  Get out of it and turn it over to the free market.
Why are you even still there? You promised to only serve two terms. You drank the Koolaid.
I thank you Senator. But you need to do more. We need you to go to battle over this bill.
That is a flat out lie and you know it!
Help CRUSH IT with the Senate version!
Thank you Senator Nelson, a voice of reason in very strange times.
Thank you for representing me!!!
On behalf of my son with Crohn's disease I thank you. Please ask @marcorubio not to vote for it either.
Thank you
Please Help
Thank you @SenBillNelson - So glad you put your constituents over lobbyist money. @senmarcorubio (JrSen) could learn much from you, sir.
Thank you Senator! We are thankful for your insight.
Surprise you rather have us without than be against your leader. #failure
@IndivisibleFlag thank you !!
Vote it down in oblivion
Good because If you vote yes on TrumpCare you will lose mine and many other people vote come reelection, & we will Na Na Na Na You good bye
I'm with you but for different reasons.
Thank you!
Thank you @SenBillNelson! What will you do @marcorubio, support my health or doom me?
Thank you!!
Dear Senator let's fight harder not to allow the senate to pass this awful bill !!
Also, the Democrats need to start working on plans for 2018 to get the votes to get these jerks out of office!
I am truly thankful that you didn't support it, but you need to talk to @marcorubio who is following Trump like a lemming!
You are so wrong on this issue.  See you at the ballot box. From a Floridian.
Make sure you get @marcorubio to not support it either!
Are you sure or are you just saying that for political reasons? Why aren't both sides working together? Why always resisting? What about us?
bull....not true.  support it or get booted.
Thank you Senator, for your integrity and commitment to the well being of Americans.  I'm proud to have voted for you.
Please keep resisting.
Thank you for standing against it!
Hope you can convince all your colleagues in the Senate to concur!!
Good for you!!    -FL Resident
As one of your constituents, I want to thank you for standing up for those of us with pre-existing medical conditions.
Senator, thank you for fighting for the people of Florida!
Thank you!  A cruel and thoughtless Bill!
(3) I tweeted your colleague Mr. Rubio asking him to oppose the bill as well. Please try to talk some sense into him.

Thank you.
(2) you will not be supporting this upcoming bill that will likely leave me just crossing my fingers that we don't get sick or hurt.
Good sir, as a father and husband who just had to drop his own coverage in order to cover my kids health care, I am very grateful that (1)
Thank you Senator Nelson. I am agonizing about the future of my healthcare, our country & my grandchildren. Very sad day yesterday.
Thank you!  Our citizens need healthcare. Our state and already strapped medical instutions would not survive this horrible bill.
Thank you Senator
What did/will you do to work with Reps to make AHCA better? I won't support you bec of your partisan politics. Fed up with it. Go to work.
only 11.5 million joined ACA so how is 24 million going to be hurt, another lie, scare the public by not telling the truth, Nelson exempted
Thank you for standing up! We love you!
It's not fair that the healthy people were charged the same rate as the sick people, incentive to stay healthy, the healthy weren't joining
A lie, just read the bill, can't deny anyone with a pre-existing conditioning but can charge them more, healthy pays less, more fair
There are many other benefits in the bill...it is still better than obamacare. Come on get with it and support the people for a change
Thank you Senator Nelson!!! Love you!!!
We won't support YOU! Get behind this bill or get out!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator Nelson. It's nice to know we have one senator in Florida who can be trusted to vote sanely.

Thank You Sen Nelson!  We couldn't count on most FL Cong reps to do the responsible thing for Floridians w/ lmtd. affordability options
Thank you!
$1200 a month 4 60% coverage,just me. ACA failed me and so many!Where was ur care4working class.Work4all Americans,not just dem voters.
Thank Goodness for you Mr. Nelson!! #senbillnelson
Ur track record shows U only support Dem legislation! Work across the isle edit house bill, 2 say no support means no intent to make better
Typical Democrat scare tactics. Please stop lying. You lied about #Obamacare & you are lying now. #TermLimits
We will vote you out in the next election!  #TermLimits
Retire,it's time to leave Mr Bill
U voted for the ACA which did not help Floridians my premiums up 300% with subsidy to keep my doctors, limitedchoices, get with the program
Thank you, Senator! Your efforts are appreciated.
Thank you from a constituent with a pre-existing condition, @SenBillNelson
Please redirect Sen. Rubio's attention from the coupe in Venezuela for a moment to vote NO too. It is appreciated by his constituents.
Then work across the aisle to make it work, that's what you were elected and are paid to do. Sick of this "my way or I don't play".
Thank you Senator Nelson. I appreciate your concern and I'm glad to be one of your constituents.
This constituent thanks you!
Thank you Senator Nelson! Please continue to do the right thing here!
Proud have you as my senator.
That's what one of FL reps said, and then he voted yes. Party over country and rich donors first.
Thank you from a Floridian! Please keep #resisting
Sir, you have my vote. Thank you.
(D)idn't expect otherwise. I still support it.
Pls stop this legislation  .@ussenate .@marcorubio PS-all is women voters notice erectile dysfunction is missing from #preexistingconditons
#iamapreexistingcondtion too. Most of us are. Many of us are one day away from becoming one. Healthcare should not be for all of us.
Thank you, sir, for continuing to fight for the rights of the citizens of Florida and the rest of the country.
Here! Here! Hurrah for our Senator Bill Nelson!
thank you Senator Nelson
So not true. Have you read the proposed bill carefully?
As your constituent, I thank you! Please do all you can to urge Rubio to do the same!
You can't get it now so tell me the difference, please shut up!!
Thank you, Senator.
Is it true that this policy could include rape victims as having "pre-existing conditions"?
thank you Senator.i will hard for your reelection
Thank you Senator Nelson.  I live in fear of not being able to keep my health insurance
Nelson you would rather keep a failing health care that's tripled premiums, cost taxpayers tons of money than to move forward
Rep Ros-Lehtinen, a Fl Republican, said the bill has “potential to severely harm the health and lives of people in South Florida.”
Getting rid of obamacare for a more competitive deal will save a bunch of money, since oc my health choice is crap and 3 times more,
Thank you!  Any chance you can knock some sense into @marcorubio now?  He wants to vote to kill us all, apparently.
As a constituent, thank you for doing the right thing. I'll be happy to vote for you in 2018. #ProtectOurCare
they you Senator Nelson for backing up ALL Floridians. Perhaps u can convince our other senator w/ no spine to do the same.
Florida needs a REAL STATESMAN... Not a DEMON-CRAT TALKING HEAD.. Can't wait for your FORCED RETIREMENT...
That's great but will you fight? You seem conspicuously quiet on the big issues.
Thank you for being on our side, Senator. What can we do to convince @marcorubio to do the same? Gratitude for your fight for the People!
you wouldn't vote for anything Republican. I can't wait for the next election to work against your re-election.
Why should we have to pay for other people's problems..like acne care or anxiety meds, it's in there. Bad bill for working peoole.
Perhaps you can convince the other FL senator to do the same.
How can you say, at this point, you'll not support something the senate is going to rewrite anyway?
TY! 20 yrs ago u got my daughter on disability:Medicaid after years of delay. Had brain tumor & was blind. She died at 35 but lived well.
Don't let states opt out because you know all 50 will! #IamAPreExisitingCondition
Except California!!!
And maybe NY!
glad to hear it. Please do more than that and lobby ceaselessly and ruthlessly against it.
Thank you for caring about the people .
Thank God for you. It's not about Republican or Democrat; it's about common sense! PLEASE do what you can to stop it!!!
Thank you Sen Nelson. Yoho turned deaf ear to wishes & best interest of his constituents =  angry feedback. Take note @marcorubio
Thank you sir! 
~from a 55-year FL resident
Thanks Sir
What do we need to do to help?!
Please talk to @marcorubio; constituents have the impression #Venezuela is an #excuse to ignore speaking about #healthcare. #AHCAVote @AARP
Thank you Senator Nelson. You are the best.
Typical negative remarks from dems which are untrue or part true but misleading is irresponsible and unfair to the American people.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator Nelson. Please explain this to your fellow Senators.
Thank you @SenBillNelson, my 3 yr old son from FL has a genetic neurological disorder & a lifetime need for medical/therapeutic care!
As someone with preexisting conditions,  thank you. Now,  @marcorubio,  it's your turn.
Thank you @SenBillNelson!
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for us! We're with you!
That's because you're are a political hack and probably haven't even read the bill. Sad.
I certainly hope not!!!
That's not true.  Why can't you represent the rest of us out here instead of your party agenda? I & many others will not vote 4 u again.
Cmj, some of us "out here" have children with preexisting conditions for whom affordable insurance is a matter of life or death.
Many of us have zero insurance 4almost ten yrs. New plan will cover pre existing; stop listening to MSM; they have aggressive global agenda.
Also some of us don't mind paying 4 our own ins. Reopen free mkt: comp. lowers prem. Some of us don't want govt making our choices.
Yeah, because insurance companies. have such a great track record of putting people over profit. Spare me.
Thank you
Thank you for looking out for those of us with chronic illness
Thank you, Senator. A glimmer of hope 
Thank you.  I wrote a note to Rubio asking him if this healthcare plan is so good, why do members of Congress get to keep Obamacare?
Thank you!
Thank you stay strong. Hope the majority have a conscience and vote no! Rubio demonstrates he cares more about party than his constituents
thank you
Thank you
Thank you!
Not true!
Thank you @SenBillNelson.  Represent us well.  We need a voice.
As a senior and cancer survivor 2 years from Medicare, I'm appalled by House passage & glad you, Senator Nelson, are opposed. Thanks!
And I can't support you
Thank you for doing the right thing. Glad to be one of your constituents. My daughter deserves coverage. #evastrong #epilepsywarrior
Beautiful warrior.
Thank you 
Thank you Senator @SenBillNelson!
Will you support a failed ACA that's neither affordable or cares w/unaffordable deductibles ?
Thank you. Please help save net neutrality!!
Thank you Senator Nelson!  Can you also try to convince Senator Rubio to vote NO too!
Please, please do what you can to convince moderate Republicans to join you. Pretty please.
