You might change your mind about the general after you read his recent tweets - personal attacks on the media, name calling, etc. WTF?
Is it?  Do we really want a sanitized version of Trump?
He has nuclear codes so yes.
So, General Kelly is now President?
The House & Senate still need to act. There are more supremacist sympathizers in WH including trump who is clearly mentally & morally unfit.
Listen Senator! Better get going on some campaigning! Scott is totally outdoing you on the jobs stuff and he is already tied. You must win!
As you're more Lunatic Fringe constituents cry for impeachment continue to try to exercise some good judgment on your part.
The alt right still has 2 in place. Gorka and Miller. Do not take emphasis off of them in another absurd crazy publicity stunt. Oust themnow
Stay as quite as you have been.
He did a great job with the Charlottesville aftermath
Please move on to the private sector. It's painful listening to your smack talk. Typical politician milking his time in office.
You realize that the whole idea of Kelly taking "control" just indicates that Trump is an unhinged loose cannon who can't be trusted--right?
Thank you for your service, @SenBillNelson
I voted for you too. I am completely dissatisfied with your obstruction. Do you job. Quit hiding.
He certainly has, and it's completely unfair! He already took away nap time, and juice & snack is now only 1/2 hour long. #ImTellingFather
I concur.
This President is mentally unfit. That's what you and the other Senators should be dealing with, not being happy over minor staff changes
That won't help you with our vote.We pay the full premium for http://Obamacare.Now  at 18% of http://income.How  long can we do it?
Your joking right? You're commenting on WH staff, all the while you do nothing.  You are pathetic!
Unfortunately he still cannot control the President himself.
Let's Remember who's The Boss... @POTUS 45
here is the bad thing look at this photo and tell me why a CHRISTIAN MAN CANT GET MARRIED, ((SANCTIONS IN RUSSIA,))
I mean, it's not like these guys were Obama folks that were just hanging around--they were Trump's hand picked brain trust...come on, man
#ItsAboutTime45HasMadeTheUSALaughingstockWorldwide
For POTUS of course. That, obviously, would be his job. If POTUS moves right, he win, if left, he looses.
Do your job for Florida vote with our president for our citizens. Stop obstruction
He'll be gone by Fri.
#IStandWithTrump Please understand many of your constituents voted for @realDonaldTrump We support our @POTUS
Well, doesnt look like it from my corner of the world. He couldnt stop him supporting nazis f .ex....
How about supporting our president instead of using every opportunity to fight against him?!  Typical liberal!
What would be even better is removing trump from office under amendment 25. If any1 can attest 2 his INCOMPETENCE it would be J. Kelly!!!.
.@SenBillNelson I think you are a waste of human genetic material.  As my senator it doesn't  surprise me that you follow MSM meme big time.
Dr. G is blowing the collective lib snowflake mind!  Hilarious reading these comments!
Markey the do nothing Senator.
Indeed, but his job is not done. Miller, Gorka and Anton remain.
I hope, but it's too soon to tell
Support your President!
.are you fucking joking?
Put down the Botox and do something for Floridians Bill.
The jury is still out, Sen. Nelson. No hopes here
Immigration reform and many more! You need to get to work for the American people and stop obstructing. Get it done! $ for the wall is amust
You are a congressman!! Do something, impeach now. Stop watching from the sidelines.
Control, that assumes that there is chaos, no chaos, congress needs to get to work. Build the wall, tax reform, Obamacare, infrastructure...
I wish Republicans in Congress had some balls to call for the 25th Amendment or impeachment .
Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic.
Stiring the pot, eh senator?
That's all you've got to say? Complacent as usual. Disappointing. We need strong and inspiring democratic leadership.
#TitanticCaptain
@ddale8 what gave it away? White supremacy week?
We support you #GeneralKelly!  CleaningHouse
Reflects more on circumstances. Trump's incapable of being controlled & or having self-control. He has risen to his level of incompetence.
Guess you won't have to work now?
I respect you, Sen. Nelson, but did you see Trump's speech on Tues.? Did you see Kelly's impotent reaction? He has no control there.
I don't think the militarization of the White House is a good thing! Is @realDonaldTrump being cornered & isolated by the swamp?
Now hopefully he can help @realDonaldTrump resign before he gets impeached
At least the general will have discipline. But I doubt he can control Trump, still. Time will tell.
Yes, but how long will a micro managing, self absorbed POTUS allow it to continue?
Once we get Bill Nelson out, it will be better!
Bill. It would be a good thing if You focused on the presidents agenda of Health care Tax reform Border security & Infrastructure
But can he take control of the smart phone and Twitter feed?
#No1073
Not enough - it starts at the top.
Too bad he will NEVER control Trump. Please invoke the 25th!
When will Hungarian Neo-Nazi Sebastian Gorka and his follicularly challenged side kick Steven Miller be fired? #BannonOut  #DoSomethingGOP
Sure hope you are right. Still have Miller and Gorka there.
When is the vote of no confidence going to happen? What are you and your colleagues waiting for? #Impeachtrump
Hey bill vote to build the wall or we will vote you out in 18 you can count on that
We embrace military rule.
Unfortunately, Sen. Nelson, 45's mental stability is still in question.
Great news.
Can't wait to go door-to door to see that you are not re-elected again because you have done absolutely nothing for Floridians in years!
As long as the man who called white supremacists and Nazis "very fine people" is in there we have too far to go
Naive
I've gotta assume this is sarcastic
Not if it preserves Trump.
I want a President who can control WH.
Well said by Senator Bill Nelson!
Did you finally wake up from your nap?Bless your heart
That would technically be a coup d'etat. Just saying.
The staff changes but the problem remains.  Until Trump resigns we are all in danger Senator.
POTUS is still POTUS,Sen.NOT good 4 our country;not good 4 our morale;not a good example 4 our children. Where do U stand?#25thAmendmentNow
A good thing would be #Trump #Impeachment
I called your office this AM Sen Nelson it doesn't matter what general Kelly does if Donald Trump is still in the  WH too little too late
Too bad you're unable to control what NOAA does, judging from my past correspondence with your staff.
I know there's only so many characters but you left out "staff." The WH Staff. The looming problem is occupying the Oval Office.
Capitalize G for General.
Don't assume too much.
Doesn't change the fact trump should be removed.
Silly me…all this time I thought we had a Republic/Democracy, where voters determined who ran the White House.
he was voted in cry baby
Kelly? Why didn’t I get the memo??? Who’ll vote in the next “responsible adult in the White House”?
You are happy because you think an appointed underling is in control? smh. Get a clue. Hoping you have some valid dem opponents come 2018.
Looks like Bill Nelson likes what's going on in the WH. That's a bad thing.
He is not
He is just filling holes in the sinking ship but give credit he knows it's going down there's no one at the wheel.
Dems need to stop being weak on @realDonaldTrump and introduce articles of #Impeachment PRONTO.
At least we're moving toward #DrStangelove instead of #LordOfTheFlies ? Our yardstick for progress is a toothpick . #Bannon #WhiteHouse
Now he needs to take control of @realDonaldTrump brain and mouth!
Please support impeachment. Trump is not fit dor office.
*for
HA.
Let him have a happy thought until Trumpenstein Tweets again.
I do respect Senator Nelson. He seems to be a very kind person.
He is a solid voter too.
Not good enough #ImpeachTrumpNow
But Trump won't be controlled.  He is a crazy, loose cannon
Now all we need is for someone take control of trump.
What is he doing that is so special?
There will never be "control" in the White House until the president is gone. The word has no meaning to him.
#ImpeachTrumpNow #FLvoter
Please maintain your vigilance. As long as Trump is there, nothing will substantially change.
You can't be serious senator.  How many times do you need to see that Trump's behavior won't change?!
What exactly is wrong w/ you??? I voted for you. You are supposed to be a Democrat. The WH is NOT UNDER CONTROL by any means.
Why don't you try moving to Venezuela for awhile, then, reassess.
I love you as my senator but you don't really believe that do you???
How much do you have to drink before this makes sense? Asking for a friend.
Kelly will resign. Mark my word.


@ddale8  Not great for Trump as the base/cult may soon drop support.
We support the President.  No one gives a crap about Bannon.
Mercer still funding the Bannon/Breitbart machine. Controlling the DJT narrative from the outside now. Nothing much different is my guess.
Speaking of Mercer influence - when is KellyAnne Conjob leaving?
Aug 2nd
The Generals will get Trump's house in order just in time to see him go down.
Don't hold your breathe about Kelly taking control just yet
And wHile were at it when would that racist Gorka b removed?
O ya. Sure he is. Nothing can control this shit storm.
Oh man, we're not falling for a "pivot" again are we?
Either the Generals are dictating the course, or Javanka's return from vacation means had to make a Sophie's choice: Jewish family or Nazis.
The good thing will be when that bad thing Don leaves!
Just about 7 more years.
Now we need Gorka ....Miller...to go
Didn't figure you for sarcasm
just appearances
please stop with this nonsense. how many times are you idiots going to fall for the same cycle?
This could have many different scenarios.
How are planning to defeat Rick Scott next fall?
I usually enjoy my Friday vodka tonic on the rocks around 5 PM (Jimmy Buffet time). Today I'm making an exception. "Where are the limes?"
Wha? Have you been paying attention this past week or are you using LSD again?
@ddale8 military taking over white house is good thing?
 Until you give TWITLER his phone again ...or put him in front of a mic to open his big, ignorant, NAZI-loving gob!!
As much as he can. As we saw last week some elements defy control.
He didn't look like he was in control on Tuesday.
Kind of hard for anyone to overlook his interview, even Trump..
It really is time to haul out the old one about rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic.
It had more to do with the article and book than Kelly.
Except the fact that everything this week was on Kelly's watch. It's less taking control & more he tricked Trump into taking his meds today
As long as he remains powerless to keep Trump from Trumping, he will only have so much control.
Hahahaha
So we're just going to act like every foolish Trump has done since Saturday didn't happen?
he is babysitting/true problem is whole tRump Pence regime -must be impeached.   Criminals. Traitors.  Fascists.  Theocrats. Dominionists.
Don't think so.  General Kelly did a terrible job concerning the Charlottesville fall out
Don't be so sure of that, sir (Kelly taking control).
Really? U mean like he took control in Trump Tower lobby this week? Plz! Don't insult my intelligence!
I hope u are right but I think no one can control unstable and incompetent 45.#ImpeachTrump
If you are for something, anything, reasonable people will be against it.
And now we know that it isn't
Nope Senator. The entire regime needs to go. tRump is the head Nazi and Russian.
Don't get comfortable in Washington you will be voted out loser
The looser would be Connie Mack IV considering Nelson won. I guess that's how you talk about Vets and NASA ppl bc you simply don't agree
I see what he does for Florida I live here and it's not good. Don't let the truth get you down.
I also live in Florida and again you apparently don't understand what a loser is. Senators do more national legislation while supporting
The state. Our governor is who made florida a mess. Can't say Rubio did bc he doesn't really show up to work
Where do you live because in the Tri-County area we drive on new paved roads and the economy is doing great you must live in pompano hoods
#FireGorka #FireMiller too
And let's hope he can eliminate the other Nazi sympathizers immediately! #FireGorka #FireMiller #FireMsGorka
Now if we could only find some in the democrat party that want to work 4 the people instead of trashing the Pres, maybe USA can move forward
now, if only Kelly could fire @realDonaldTrump as well
And pence, Conway, kushner, Miller, mnuchin, devos, the EPA jackass whose name I've blocked out. #fumigate #RatsInTheWhiteHouse
