Impress us. Tall some sense into @marcorubio Both of you hold town halls. It's like you both disappeared since the election. #RiseUp
*talk
Why did you not stand up to @BarackObama
.Bill i would like you to be such a person for the @FBI @nsa @CIA / @NSAAtmar @RogueSNRadvisor Pls Add: Press@nelson.senate.gov
Please add email address :: Press@nelson.senate.gov


Support your President!  Reach across the aisle and get something done.  Obstruction will prevent you from reelection.  Trust me!
Your President is an obstructer, he needs to either resign or be impeached.
Neither is going happen.  He'll be your President until 2024.  Why would he resign, can't impeach on fake Russia news.
EXACTLY: Had an investigation been done @FLGovScott @AGPamBondi @1dca_flcourts #JudgeDonHLester wld sho XTREME #FedLaw abuses
TheAdmin @FLGovScott did more than favilit8 massive #ForeclosureFraud #JudgeDonHLester
To #STEAL homes &othr valuables but #FakePsychReports #DrWilliamJMeadows 2DENY liberty
READ MORE about theCase of #ConnieThompson and how she escaped
Jay-Z’s ‘Moonlight’ music video does more than simply show ‘Friends’ with an all-black cast - The Washington Post https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/arts-and-entertainment/wp/2017/08/06/jay-zs-moonlight-music-video-does-more-than-simply-show-friends-with-an-all-black-cast/?utm_term=.677aa9f2e4a3&wpisrc=nl_az_most&wpmk=1 …
@ElaheIzadi Imagine bn perfectly sane & held nFL w/intent to medically induce insanity
Undr Scott ur rights R bn trampled daily as #TOKEN administrators do nothn
Send theMessage you value your home, liberty, health &sanity #SayNoToScott
You are an obstructionest and let Obama get by with criminal acts. We will unseat you next election!
Comey news shocking. He can't  stand up to Obama or Trump but only leaked information on one side. Suspicious of motives. Glad he is gone.
Only those with the mindset of a criminal would think this way. Comey welcomed the revealing of tapes, Trump back tracks, busted!
Well I hope so but Dem Senators bullying is not constructive. You need to start working for FL and not just naming buildings
Democrat bullying, are you high? Have you heard Trumps speeches, and read he tweets?
Why didn't comey stand up to lyuch
The Administration did nothing wrong... 
Oh really,is that why they are being investigated?
So, what are you doing about that?
The F-14 technologie was stole by China. If Russia is so amazing why they didn't do it?
Russia government has not the tech to do it. The must wanted is the SSN database. Only China has hacked. Stole 8M of record x year.
Just explain how REP won in florida. https://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/30/world/americas/obama-and-raul-castro-meet-as-us-cuba-ties-deepen.html … Why the vide was erased from the media
We are going to vote you out!!
I agree even when i wa hit by a ooficer active duty and he gets away with this, in 2010 i was 40 miles away form Mac Dill now disabled,
Nelson's comments looks out of touch when evidence now shows Comey was leaking info on several occasions, security risk and deserved firing
Well we obviously have a chance in hell of getting this. Dumps latest pick also involved with Russia .
They had one, and the village idiot fired him.
Investigate @TheDemocrats  and @senbillnelson for corruption and Russian connections!

What IS needed are senators willing to vote against the administration's Saudi arms deal. You sir, have lost a longtime supporter.
You mean by allowing your boss to stop the FBI from investigating the Russian involvement. Demand him to show us his own tax papers.
Thank you for selling out our country to the Saudis. You are a disgrace.
What areYOU doing Sen. Nelsonto aide in asking for a Grand Jury for illegal acts from comey, lynch, clinton, obama.  What say you. Get to it
And Comey did not. He got bullied by Loretta Lynch and the Obama Administration.
investigate the Obama Admin. Any Russia interference during 2016 election was on Obama's watch.
Thank you for standing up for honesty and integrity. Trump is a crook. Period. Independent investigator needed.
If you hadn't noticed, it's been already appointed
Appointed yes,confirmed, not on your life dude.
Dems have corrupted and politicized DOJ, FBI & IC in general.  Shameful!
Thank you for sitting front row during the hearing, protecting your constituents!
You are wrong Sir. Comey should be prosecuted for leaking.
Leaking what?
Why didn't Congress declare they were in contempt?
@Hermetiaillucen This is a true statement! Let's avoid anyone @realDonaldTrump selects. #Loyalty to the people first.
What are you mumbling about. COMEY never stood up to the Obama administration why do you think that would have happen now.
Thank you! This is insanity right now
I'd settle for one that arrests terrorists and prevent attacks.
Where's the Clinton Foundation report from the professionals
Look it up ! The best ratings ever
I don't think it's Chris Wray. He's already too entangled in Trump's shady affairs.
Which sounds good in theory. What I saw today before the Senate comm. Was pitiful.
Do something constructive for a change.  What are you doing for Florida?  All you do is talk crap all the time.  #gettowork
Nelson is waiting to be told how he stands on Wray, he never stands on his own, he'll let us know as soon as schumer and Pelosi tells him
Comey investigated the Clintons 4 times and let them walk, no charges for the DNC admitting to interfering in the election, we cant do worse
Astute. Were you also aware water is wet?
That is why you confirm him or loss my vote in Florida
Comey lost confidence of people, how will next one fare? Not well so long as the dems & media continue to obstruct every phase of gov't
Obstruct? We can make this stuff up that your guy keeps doing to himself!
Yes it does. So where do you stand on Chris Wray?
Which we are finding out, they do not!
Duh
We need a Sen to stand for us not for money
That's not nelson ... he is in it for the pension and money!
You and your Dem buddies are now the DO NOTHING DEMOCRATS!  Why don't you do what is good for our Nation instead of being a spoiled child!
Getting a taste of your own medicine,and finding it a bitter pill to swallow are we?
And maybe not someone whose law firm has Russian offices?
To serve is to risk your freedom under this administration.
These professionals also need to know they will not be used as scapegoats.
Govt forgot that people built this country on the foundation of freedom to call out the govt when it messes up. The govt messed up. Big time
You say that now .@SenBillNelson  Where were you for the last eight years?
Help us figure this out. Marco Rubio looks just as dirty. We are disappointed.
@TheDemocrats are very dirty with the left!
investigate Title IV-D, E family law and cps before it kills another citizen
Yes it does. If Chris Wray is not that person, are you willing to say no?
It's important for every member of congress to support those who are and will be testifying to ensure that the truth is obtained.
