If all 196 nations, who signed the Paris Accord, did everything possible to comply, the result wld move the temp 2/10 of 1 degree C by 2100.

Floridian citizens need you to stand up and help lead FL to fight climate change; lord knows @marcorubio won't
I don't think the Paris Accord will help sea levels,it would diffidently add to our debt level.  Bad, bad deal for U.S, Thank U Pres Trump!
your sold out by all the agencies who pad your pocket  to push the fake climate change , stop your Geo engineering bull shit
Please support all efforts to unseat this president in Congess
Thank you for your statement, Senator. Please do all you can in Congress to fix this.
Do ypu expect him to do anything? He's part of the resist crowd.  If he was a real man he would break away from those idiots and work
Agreed. The threat climate change poses to coastal states like Florida is too great to ignore. We must continue fighting for clean energy.
Apparently GOP doesn't worry much about their kids/grandkids. They will inherit our Climate/Debt/Medical/Population problems. #NoMoreKickCan
Don't forget about the 20 trillion in debt and the 100 billion annually that obama was going to giving to Paris deal, we can use that money
"The U.S. [had] promised to contribute $3 billion to this fund, and it has contributed $1 billion to date."  $100B was for all dev countries
And the carbon tax that was to be imposed on USA citizens. Electric bill was expected to triple, and cost ever person 7,000/yr
Of course 196 signed up 4 US welfare. There were no country specific goals & no time limits.  No restrictions apply 2 Russia, India & China?
Accord called for US to pay 2.4 trillion over the next 10 years to countries who have no gov and no social programs, they're not eating!
Thank you for all you do.
If true then why do coastal property values continue to rise over many decades? I don't think people are buying what ur selling.
The price of electing Republicans.
There will always be a change of climate. Only scientists who agreed got governt $$$.Another obama redistribute schem to give away Amer $$$
Some of these ppl that say climate change isn't real maybe need a reality check
Been in FL for 43yrs.... still 2 feet above sea level. Imagie that! Or dig in Miami n find coral 2ft down... why is that?
With all the population in the miami area & streets R flooding there is only 1 reason for that... underground sewage h2o drain is 75 yrs old
Do the GOP seriously just believe everything they're told like a bunch of 3 yr olds? Swear to god my 5 yr old niece has more sense.
The seas are just reclaiming what they have had before years ago.
Talking to the chior here please don't give up there are us who want a green planet
Not always one way to solve a problem.  No Paris Accord, then perhaps domestic incentives to advance technology more quickly.   Win/Win?
Like fish swimming in the streets of Miami, you fool there is no evidence here. Stop with this nonsense and repeal ACA and fund the wall!!!
Get real. the only scientists predicting this were the ones on the government dole. Real scientists don't believe it, and neither do most Am
Just stop disrespecting Gods great land and all will be well with the world.
Ugly truth is this, out of 196 signers, almost all have no climate preservation program.  In fact, we would have to pay them to comply. 2.4T
You have been fooled. John Coleman the founder of The Weather Channel says the date is in accurate. He has evidence to prove.
Hey Billy. If u were smart as u think u r u would know earth temps has been rising for 18k yrs.
Hard to believe  there are people in the US( Repubs) when 97% of worlds scientists agree on large cause of Global Warming, they don't.
History will not be kind to Donald Trump.
Or his supporters
You are obviously a Democrat. You are thinking with your head not your wallet
Oops, I missed your sarcasm. Sorry
Okay. I get really sarcastic when I'm furious. I adore President Obama
Thank you for caring about the people of Florida, if only @marcorubio represented us as well, the. Florida would be stacked.
REPEAL OBAMACARE!
What is B Nelson doing personally to reduce climate change, travel only on commercial planes, living off the grid, perhaps riding bicycle
So do something about it. We elected you to office to represent us. #yourvoiceisbig
And the downside would be...?
Not gonna cry if Maralago sinks!!
.@PerfumeFlogger and @SenBillNelson HE's already shoring up his Scotland or Ireland golf club from raising seas ~ he's using it for profit
.@SenBillNelson and @FlaDems  it's obvious that 45's doing everything he to make the climate change disaster +Chaos happen faster 4 profit
Thank you @SenBillNelson. To climate deniers: FAQs-climate change: https://www.climate.gov/news-features/understanding-climate/global-warming-frequently-asked-questions …
Thank you!  Keep resisting tRUMP
I wish Donald Trump a long life, I want him to be here when Mar-a-lago washes away. @realDonaldTrump #climatechange
The climate has been changing for eons and will always change, its dynamic, palm fossils in Alaska?
Don't be so partisan. Trump will not stop "fighting climate change" he will make sure the US gets a fair deal. China, India got small goals
Bill Nelson, are you really that stupid?
getting rid of miami can only lead to good things!!!
Your wrong. Ice has been melting long before man was on this earth and the temperature has risen 1 /500 degrees in the last 30 years.
Since you don't give a "CRAP" about me paying $380/month (1 PERSON) HEALTH INSURANCE - I WILL VOTE YOU OUT ON THE NEXT TRIAL COUNSEL

That will be the day when "HELL FREEZES OVER"! I don't believe in this CRAP! #independentvoterfirlife
Then might want to start, scrap #SabalTrail pipeline, restore Everglades, build desal plants, expand solar/wind power, stop beach erosion!
We are counting on you to lead the charge, Senator.
Don't bankrupt this country in the name of climate change which was global warming until scientists said the earths cooling.
The sky is also falling Bill 
Climate denier bots are out today.
Where I live used to be the ocean floor it is entirely possible it will be again someday and vice versa.
There are an estimated 1 million submarine volcanoes heating our oceans and venting gas and no one is taking this in to consideration.
Consideration of what?
We are 100 ft above sea level. I know it won't affect my lifetime. Y'all are ridiculous.
Sen. Nelson you are just a little older than I am & I know you saw & heard all the garbage in the 70s about coastal flooding  by 21st cen.
Al Gore has a mansion on the water, i guess he not concerned! This is all political BS,
You have been saying this for years.  Blah, blah, blah
Balance Senator, balance...
maybe al gore will give you a job after you are voted out of office. You can  watch temperature gauges go up and down
Are U kidding!Look at retention ponds in & around Central Florida. 100years .3 of 1% in carbon footprint savings, job killer
They believe in medicine which is science but not when it cones to global warming. Yes there are cycles but it's the SPEED of it.
This is a hoax.
Hey @SenBillNelson how much has the sea level rose around Florida since 1970??
Please Sir when using scare Tatics about our state, please use some sort of backup data.
Read this unfair agreement Bill, ur ignorance is showing
Keep fighting for Florida
5 Ice Ages! Did cave men cause those? Paris Clime deal-Global Warming/Climate Change=Redistribution of USA Wealth...nothing more. Go Trump!
Tell Little Marco - his cronies are the problem!
I agree!! All those rich Republicans by the beach will be under water soon. Why don't they care?
The climate has been changing for millions of years. Learn from the Dutch on how to protect Florida coastlines. Focus on solutions.
Get real. The money could be spent better elsewhere to benefit mankind!!
Gonna move to the mountains!
checking NOAA instead of stupid news media Miami 0.79 ft in last 100 yr.
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to oppose this reckless administration!!! #resist. 
Can Congress act to join stay in the accord?
Hey Billy boy, they have been saying that for 40 years and it hasnt come up at all. quit being so senile and stupid.
Oh shut up. Your party just follows each other's same ole talking points like robots. You will loose your seat next year.
Someone save us from the lack of thought and caring going on.
Nobody's obliged to follow him down a dead end path.  & shall remain committed to her survival/transitioning to renewables/Green Tech.
Democrats don't have a monopoly on the environment, they've simply gone too far and crippled Americans in the process. Realists vs dreamers
@realdonaldtrump Maybe when Maralago is under water Trump will believe in #climate change
Sell some other nation off as a universal wallet, US citizens are done. You think the Paris Accord is a good deal , use your own  net worth.
So will this finaly get you off this Russian shit. So your gonna try and scare the hell out of people over non-sence YOU ARE A JOKE!!!
At what cost? And if China/India can continue to destroy climate until 2030 how does that help Floridans? Try putting Americans over party!
COST =$3 TRILLION , 650,000 LOST JOBS.... to make a .017degree change OVER 85years... #MAGA #ThankYouPOTUS #AmericansFIRST
Dems need devotion to make our numbers strong & take back the house & Senate.  Dems support Vets, clean air, medicaid, elders & ACA for 2018
Let's get it together & begin here & spread it to all the states.  We don't need cutting programs for the needy to give the 2 % lower taxes!
alist
As usual you are wrong!
I live 60 miles from the Gulf.  Some time in our history the water has covered most of Florida. It wasn't caused by man.
Bye, bye Mar-a-logo
Thank you for your leadership on this topic!!!
Please Senator Nelson fight for our state and get this lunatic out of office!
Start planning construction of flood walls because the caps are melting and there's not a damn thing we can do. Stop fighting it.
Sen. Nelson, it's good to hear from you. You are at 60k followers. Make a goal for 70k. Have your staff work your twitter feed. Get involved
I guess this means I can't move back to FL if it's going to be under water u fraud
AND NOTHING OF VALUE WILL BE LOST
What are you going to do Senator Nelson?
Paris Accord nothing but a scam to fleece U.S. out of $$$. Kind of like NATO.
You r using Climate change 2 grab power & deprive FL of our property rights & to hand over our decision making rights to strangers
Bull,what's at risk is your Senate seat that you're Fixin to lose
At least Naomi Klein had the guts to tell the truth about the environmental movement-the destruction of capitalism. Your a coward Senator
How much money are you making off spreading lies about climate change? Your Marxist ideological days are numbered as our Senator.
We should not send American taxpayer money to other countries. Especially without specific deliverables on what the money is paying for.
Climate change= Junk Science #FAKE SCIENCE #AJOKE
ty sir

To my Senator Nelson - Stay strong and keep fighting. My grandchildren deserve to live in Florida, too.   Thank you!
No chicken little, the sky is not falling. Retire already would you. We want a real man for a Senator.
Until the entire world unites behind a equal and fair goal concerning CO2 emissions control treaties like the Paris accord are usless.
Who says we're going to stop fighting it? The president never said that.
rudiculous
Yes Florida is under water, wearing my floaters, waiting for the Water to reach me in Oviedo. Thank god i am living on a mountain.
You're familiar with Syrian refugees? 
With climate change, Floridians turn is coming up.....
Frankly I think the rest of the world will take the lead. He represents Pittsburgh, not us. We must do all we can to push back from Florida
Trump won FL., twit
Who said we were going to stop? We don't need the rest of the world to dictate to us what we do. Please stop chicken little.
Thanks for supporting us Bill.  At least I have one politician I can count on.
So I guess what you're saying is there is a Silverlining? #FuckFlorida #RedState
I guess this represents the good news: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/energy-and-environment/2017/5/18/15601016/trump-climate-change-mar-a-lago-sea-level-rise … #parisclimateagreement
What can we do now, Senator?
Thank you for speaking out, Senator! I am supporting your re-election.
But China/India get a pass? They are part of the "rest of the world", right?
Any estimates as to how long it will be before Trump's properties get "wet"?
Rats!
If true, Amsterdam would have been underwater years ago...
Mara Lagoon
Exactly! Maybe that will get his attention...when Mara Largo winds up in Cuba 
We can only hope!
It seems greed and avarice will solve all of our problems. The region of Florida that supports most of the state will become uninhabitable.
Thank you for believing in science. Florida needs you.
You are so wrong!
Water problems in New York as well. I hope it swallows @realDonaldTrump tower that he lives in. Karma
when the impeachment trial comes, please vote to REMOVE HIM
For all their hysteria, the Paris accord did nothing to help the environment. Your elite buddies sure did try to take America's generosity
Senator you are more educated than this.Stop scaring the people of Florida.  Weather constantly changes without human intervention. Shameful
We know but don't count. #saveAmercia
Yep. Trump's fault. Or was it Russia?
I've been hearing that since the 70s.
I'm not under water. Nature causes climate change, not Trump.
OMG! We're all going to drown! Call Art Bell and Gordon Michael Scallion! It's all coming true! Save us Bill! Save us Bill! Sky is falling!
What are YOU doing to fight climate change?
Thanks for being sane from a FL constituent. Please do all you can to fight the current admin's idiocy.
You sir, need to go walk in the woods with Hillary
Florida voted for Trump so they better sell those trailers for row boats
I have a trailer? News to me! Let me know where it is!
Have you read the agreement? We can still be green and not be in the agreement. #ParisAgreement should have been a treaty if so good.
Its an accord. Same as treaty.
It wasn't approved by congress it was an executive order. If it was so great it would have been put forth & voted on.
Please be louder about this issue. The people of Florida are depending on you to fight this administration vocally. You have the support.
I don't depend on anything from Nelson, he is the swamp and must be drained
Trumps right though America First.
Just because we are not in the #ParisAgreement does not mean we do not care about climate change Bill take time to read the #ParisAccord
Hopefully Mar a Largo will go first with you know who is there !
And please have a word with SW Florida congressman @RepRooney. His town hall was disheartening
Then let's be the leaders !! Open more public transit, we voted yes for high speed rail so let's start to build the system
Let me know when Mar-a-Lago is swept into the ocean.
And Desoto County will have beach front properties!
Thank you
.@SenBillNelson thank you for your leadership. Thank you for speaking out to protect #Florida and our precious resources. #ActOnClimate
@SenBillNelson speaking of a lack of evidence, it's been many years now, how is it you can't supply FACTS? 

We ask, you never answer...
Curious to know your solution to getting other countries adhering to live and work cleaner. We try and cont. to. We can't afford all the $$$
Florida IS at risk.
Yes, indeed. Florida is at risk everytime a liberal opens their mouth.
Please have a word with your other Senator colleague, Bill :(
Please do! Tell him about the wolf and falling sky and the Russians too! Bolsheviks, vodka and dancing bears! OH MY!!
Thanks Bill. Fighting always for Florida.
Thank you Sen. Nelson. It's time to introduce legislation to circumvent the damage this administration will inflict upon Floridians.
There you go again. You rank up there w/Pelosi & Waters, sad excuse for a leader. All you do is repeat the far left talking points!
It didn't sound like the rest of the world was fighting. I think you missed something. What are you doing about algae problems in FL?
Demand a sit down and force him to commit. His job is not on a golf course earning private money anymore. His actions impact us all.
Bill read the Paris deal 1st so you can tell the people how it would help us, increase electric cost, lost jobs, and increased taxes
Stand up for all of us and demand the ignorant excuse for a president doesn't ruin our world. You have a voice and a responsibility.
Thank you for trying to defend our environment.
USA is fighting climate change but we don't have to belong to a club and pay 100 billion annually when no other country is sending money
Bill Nelson tell us what you are doing to reduce pollution?  Do you live oof the grid?  If not than? Do you have facts to support Paris deal
Negotiate a fair treaty not a gift of our economy and funds. Do something right Sen before we elect real sen who cares for the little man
As one of your constituents PLEASE GO JUMP IN THE RISING OCEAN! #MAGA THANK U @realDonaldTrump   RETWEET. @LouDobbs @seanhannity @PressSec
Do you agree with this, @RepGusBilirakis? Your D12 constituents demand to know where you stand on today's announcement.
No statement. Kathy Castor, Vern Buchanan, Charlie Crist. All the other area reps made statements the last 2 days. Not Gus.
Sadly, that's no surprise. I actually used to respect him. That's virtually impossible now. His silence is deafening.
Exactly
