Psst! @POTUS totally effed it up.
No, Trump was too busy golfing to properly prepare that 1st weekend. Too little equipment, not enough troops.
Haha! First off, that is a right wing publication. Second, Obama never failed like Trump has failed in PR.
Thanks for making it to the inside of the Island. Would love to see others follow your lead.
How Dems increase their base exploit a tragedy logistic nightmare orchestrated by truckers assisted by .@MayorLevine & .@CarmenYulinCruz MSM
The only negative message on this chain is yours. Why aren't you outraged that Americans are not receiving appropriate aid? I am!
The aid is there & has been, FBI now investigating Mayors, at a presser w/gov PR my senator pushed 4 those 2 move & register 2 vote 4 him
FBI Investigation of mayors- Fake News
Thanks for your support @SenBillNelson 
Thank for being a human... We are American citizens 
Well done Senator! 
Thank for taking of your time to see my Puerto Rican people.
Thank you . You saw the real deal. Blessings
Thank you, you always work hard to help and protect all people.
Thank you Senator, for doing what's right for our citizens in PR.
Please address the issue of #ClimateChange to @realDonaldTrump cause it's only going to get worse
A tough one. The climate change concept cannot be assimilated by a tiny brain.
If jellyfish, slime, and cockroaches can understand it, then maybe.
Good
Utuado my birth place is in shambles
Thanks Senator for visit our community today.  We hope you can help us with the bridge we need, it was a pleasure to meet you!!!!
He walked through the heart of the island with us because he felt as American Citizen like us .
Thanks you!!!
Great JOB senator, thank you 
Thank you @SenBillNelson for taking care of our fellow Americans. 
Then you need to run more on that and let us know what you’re gonna do to fight for us I’m unsure what Dems stand for today
Thank you for caring,blessings
#staytherebill
Hopefully our state can help people of PR.
What does that mean? how exactly are you going to help?  Great but like to know
Thank you for your words to Puerto Rico.
What happens if the whole team #TakesAKnee?
He better!!
Who's paying for that trip?
Proud of your action Senator.
Thanks Again for Your Support
Thank you
Thank you Bill, from Orlando, FL.
Great job senator. About time that someone from Congress shows his face there.
hey! I know that guy with the red shirt...It's Manuel!!...we grew up together. Very cool. Keep up the good work Senator!
Thank you Senator Nelson!  Keep it up and report from the ground...
Thanks.  Need more support from DC. Unlike the diatribes against P. R.  from the current resident of the oval office.
thank you senator.
Thank you. We like hearing from you! Please keep us updated. #Florida
Exigimos menos turismo político, menos relaciones públicas, mayor y mejor ejecución!
Hablas en plural y tu eres uno, vete a ensuciar tus manos. Dale gracias q a ese turismo politico, estas comiendo.
Many of these people may end up evacuating to Florida/other states & becoming voters in next elections... bad news for Trump & Co? 
thank you for your compassionate heart, & showing outside the more elite gated communities what it's REALLY like in PR.
TKU for being caring and compassionate
Thanks - this is what a Senator should do!
Thanks for visiting my town of Utuado. My family of 6 need to move to Miami, FL and we need your help. How can we contact you?
Thanks, #PuertoRicoRelief needs all the help available
Thank you! The puertorricans that WILL move to FL will not forget you, we are loyal voters.
#StandwithPuertoRico
Thank you! Keep the spotlight on this situation. Puerto Rico needs our help!
Thanks Senator! Florida is Puerto Ricos closest neighboring state, so I'm glad we are aiding them
Thank you Senator.
Gracias.
Thank you.
Do you know what we really need?
EQUALITY/ STATEHOOD AS CITIZENS THAT LIVE IN PUERTO RICO
Let's make HISTORY!!!
That sounds good to me more tax paying Americans.
Thanks Bill!
Thank you 
Bill trying to be relevant
Thank you @SenBillNelson - we need to make space and resources available for temporary or permanent residence here in #Florida as well.
Thank you Senator we know you help so much !
Thank you! Puerto Rico deserves our support!
Thanks for your compassion for Puerto Rico and for traveling there to see firsthand the progress that has been made
Thank you, Senator for your awareness, for speaking out and for helping on so many issues, especially PR.
You tell them about the law you're trying to pass making it a FEDERAL crime for them to boycott #Apartheid #israel settlements ? #BDS
