Wish @marcorubio felt the same!
2018 he needs to GO he is nothing but a brown nosing ass kisser! VOTE OUT RUBIO!!
Rubio isn't up for reelection till 2022 and he does represent a whole lot of us in Florida. My wife is extremely sick and Ocare won't do 
Mr. Nelson however is up for reelection in 2018 and all it takes is a majority of Floridians to vote against him.
Want a good reason why Democrats don't want Ocare to go away.
Oh save your b.s. for the Klan rallies WHERE IS THE REPUBLICANS PLAN ,  OH UEAH PER USUAL THEY HAVE NOTHING BIT WHINING TO OFFER!!
Oh I agree, so sick of Dems and GOP squabbling like children. Neither give a crap about the American people both accept payoffs from Corps.
Really sick of being called either one because I disagree with someone. I don't belong to either party and never will.
Repeal ACA now.. we are watching you
Chad with 80 Followers is a Mercer Troll. He loves baby BLOATUS
Name calling? You're the perfect libtard
Spencer's ties to Russia, which he has called the "sole white power in the world," 
He is married to a Russian troll
Whine
Obamacare is killing us! Not just those on the dole, but also hard working folks on employer plans. #RepealObamacare
Please Sir push for your people. This has gotten out of hand!!
Obamacare is what is bad! Get rid of it!!
Do not get rid of the ACA fix it make the Republicans do their damn job and don't let them fire Mueller. That should bring impeachment!
Kill medicaid and food stamps a damn free ride for free loaders
U oppose losing Medicaid Expansion.  Medicaid Exp takes funds frm Medicaid 2 give 2 young & healthy.  That's not it's purpose, can't sustain
I oppose it because it's just Obamacare with lipstick.
I did not post this.
You need to approve. I need healthcare now at 63. Repeal and Replace Obamacare now! Or you won't have my vote
We r already about dead from this crappy insurance yal pushed thru the 1st time!

You didn't oppose Obamacare when Nancy Pelosi said we need to pass it to see what's in it. Like i said before you are a joke.
You wouldn't know what is good for the American people if it hit you in the face. You sir will be replaced soon enough.
Keep up the BS, you'll make it easy for the GOP in 2018.
Keep up the good work. I support you.
So your standards are higher now?  Admit the mistake and change it, if you don't like his plan work with him and get a better one.
We are in this mess because of Obamacare which you voted for, now get in there and fix it.
Senator why dont you and your family have an obama care policy as well as the rest of Washington politicians?  Ya know if it's so great
Repeal & Replace. Democrats gave us the healthcare mess.
You lost my vote come election day.
ANY healthcare bill will surpass Obamacare. Do something besides saying no. Help Floridians.
If you had to pay my premiums and deducts from your own pocket, this would have been fixed years ago.
A Govt. Option for Healthcare (was nixed for the ACA) can lower costs, ex. Australian Healthcare:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Health_care_in_Australia … @SenatorCollins
Thank you Senator Nelson for your NO vote on the Hill
I am a Floridian..I voted for Trump to repeal Obamacare, build wall, remove regulations, reform taxes.  You are an obstacle for improvin FL.
#RepealObamacare
Thank you Senator Nelson for standing up for the people of Florida. Too bad @marcorubio can't put Country/people over Party. We can dream
Lead the way and set the example for the democrats, stop playing party politics, we need real solutions in health care. I don't care t/ name
Get in there and work with republicans to get it done, sitting on the sidelines is a bad option, Obamacare was crap and you know!

Thank you
Thank goodness we have at least one FL US Senator who is concerned about Floridians. Thank you, Sen. Nelson for standing up to the madness.
Thank u for putting Floridians first unlike MrRubio 
Who places us behind the eight ball all the time.
Thank u for ur service
Thank too for voting against this horrible bill.
Please repeal & replace (or don't replace) Obamacare without Taxpayer bailouts-taxpayers burden is too high already.
#CancelAugustRecess

"One provision questioned by the parliamentarian would cut off federal funds for Planned Parenthood for one year." Challenge!
If passed we'll be closing our business and need medicaid and more. Make sure to get $$ if it passes!!
Floridians want you to #DefundPlannedParenthood !!!
Save my boys! Both have Medicaid and my youngest needs a device to speak. Willing to speak to you in person! #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Thank u for tweeting this.
You're welcome, thank you for watching it!
Senator, where are the punishments for @POTUS for his threats to Senator Murkowski and pulling funds from her state? Is this allowed now?
Nah, you oppose it because you are a Democrat that is still drinking the Obama Kool-aid. If it has an "R" next to it, you are against it.
Please vote yes on single payer today for this constituent at 33462. I fully understand the costs and benefits
We haven't forgotten u voted for & supported the failed Obamacare we now have! So I guess that disqualifies you from knowing abt Healthcare!
Thank you Mr Nelson


ACA sucks looking forward to voting you out next election. $1750 for employee spouse with a $7000 deduct. What a joke .
Bull. Trump = results,  you = resist.
Thank you, Senator!
GET THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTHCARE/INSURANCE COMPLETELY
Am One of those who will be hurt. Need to add all elected officials only able to choose insurance from the new healthcare plan.
I will be voting you out next time. Floridians want REPEAL of Obama care
You will no longer be needed in congress! You will be voted out! Floridians are fed up with your nonsense! Bye 
If it's not a #FullRepeal of ObamaCare then you should vote no. If it fully repeals this bad law then you should vote yes.  #FullRepeal only
Give up your exemption to ACA . Live with laws you pass. (OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01).
I pay 300/month for an Ins.through Wrk. has a 6000 deduct before it pays a cent-can get better, but have to pay the penalty
you have had a long time to come up with alternatives and done NOTHING, no confidence in your narrative #repealorbereplaced
Thank you!  I tried calling, just now, but no one in your office is picking up. #RESIST #HealthcareBill
Thank you! I don't see why both parties can't work together to improve ACA. No health plan is "perfect" but no reason to start from scratch.
Please speak about what will happen with the DONUT HOLE for senior, if the ACA is REPEALED! IT was closed by the Law! Nothing said about it!
Senator so I can better understand your stance - you will not be voting for the GOP bill ?
That's a good reason.
Just has bad as what the Demos did! Easy to critique hard to work it out. If u cannot come to the table don't run again

Bill please work to repeal and replace the ACA
Must not allow trump care pass tomorrow.  Correct and fix don't throw out the baby with the bath water.
Thank you! -one of your constituents
"Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people. A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough."--FDR
@marcorubio you should follow Senator Nelson's lead and oppose the Senate Health Care Bill--as your constituents would like you too.
Then quit being part if the problem and work with the republicans to make it right! Ocare is the democrats mess!  #FloridaIsWatching
It is for your best interest overall to not support it, run for re-election. I could never take millions of Americans off their insurance! 
You opposa it because of party. Looking forward to Gov Scott showing you the door
Senator Nelson WWJD about this? CBO: Latest health bill would leave 32M more uninsured in 2026 - CBS News
Thank you Senator Bill Nelson.  I am very grateful for your continued efforts.  Keep ACA. (I want to work for your reelection campaign)
Thanks for adding with the people over big money. What about Sanders's proposal for a Medicare for all system? Will you support it?
Bill you are out of touch with what is really happening to patients. You should talk to nurses and doctors to get the truth.
What about the one's who have had to change their PCP 3 to 4 times in a year and cant2 get continuity of care?
Have you seen how many stroke patients on Obamacare can't get therapy or the DME they need to recover?
So, #RepealObamacare, already. You Democrats owe it to us to help fix what you broke. Do the right thing, Senator.
Then repeal the failing Obama care and work with the GOP  to make something great!!
You are a part owner of the dying ACA. Thousands $ payed before insurance pays a cent. Let Obamacare die.
Obama Care is hurting millions more
Thank God you have the guts to stand up for your principles. This new healthcare bill is terrible.  We need healthcare for all US citizens
REPEAL BILL NELSON
And for that reason I will not vote for you next election. I hope you have a backup career.
Then vote to repeal Obamacare! Or go on it yourself!
Single payer now! Get greed and capitalism out of our healthcare.
IF YOU REALLY CARE YOU WOULD DO YOUR JOB AND START WORKING WITH ALL SIDES FOR ALL AMERICANS - STOP THE BS!!
FULL REPEAL AND REPLACE ..VOTE FOR FULL REPEAL .. HUGE TRUMP TRAIN IN FLORIDA . FLORIDA TURNED RED FOR TRUMP . WE.ARE WATCHING YOUR VOTE
Then repeal the failing Obama care and work on something better! Work with the GOP  to make something great!
Stop scaring the people look how much damage your obamacare has done @SenBillNelson You are a liar and need to be removed from office
Well dummy, you voted FOR Obamacare. that was the worst vote you have ever made. Go give daddy Barack a hug.

As you should thank you!
Good. Full repeal of Obamacare and start over. No exemptions for Congress.
Sen., Marshall Doctors/Nurses/Safety Net Hospital Administrators along with BCBS, etc. to call for Public Hearings Now!
Please do.
Thank you!  Can you give @marcorubio a call and let him know?
We don't like @marcorubio quoting of Florida government not cutting medicaid. That is not factual and is guessing..
Why doesn't @marcorubio discuss protecting people in Nursing Homes using Medicaid?  http://www.miamiherald.com/news/politics-government/article161230118.html … Marco worries me & may sell out
Thank you
Will u please stop lying! My God Bill I just heard u on the radio & u know you are lying, why are u doing this Bill, u lost my vote!
I loved your suggestions for reform Medicare & Medicaid tonight on Fox!  Vote to repeal HCA.mandate; expand M&M, Cap Malpractice;PreEx ban
Read n understand the after effects. None in this world have a perfect health insurance
At least you will oppose it but what we need you to do for floridans is to fight for #SinglePayer.
Please vote for the people Not your party
Yes , can you PLEASE work to show *Rubio* that !!
Agreed.  However, if you hadn't insisted on making decisions for us Floridians with the AHCA, we wouldn't be in this mess.  Who is John Galt
Thank you for helping people
Thank u,Senator.Could u get some of ur colleagues on the other side of the isle 2 also oppose it.at least 10 of them-so we can sleep @ night
Thank you Senator!  My family and I appreciate that we have one caring Senator protecting Floridians.
What is your proposal to save Obamacare?
Obama care is a disaster we need to replace it.
Just repeal it completely. Make insurance companies compete nation wide.
Thank you Senator Nelson!!
congress shouldn't be allowed to take a summer recess until you all come to an agreement and oass something #accomplishsomething
Current $500 monthly premium, $1,000 deductible equates to no healthcare.   Army medic provides emergency health care for us.
Thank you so much.  We need our affordable healthcare.
So the tables have turned?  Which is now the "Party of No"- (R) or (D)?
, thank you. This bill is inhumane. Evil.
I concur
As the failing ACA that YOU Fully supported.   You Mr Senator are the problem. Looking forward to voting you OUT! #DrainTheSwamp
What about the hurt that Obamacare is doing to people, where is your concern for them?
Health care is not a function of government.  So why were you for the Affordable Care Act?
Obamacare has hurt many Floridians, did you feel the same way when you voted for it?
Of course you do. But do you have any ideas of your own Mr. Partisan.
Thank u. We're grateful to have u in our corner. Wish @marcorubio wld fight for us, but I guess he doesn't care abt FL or his Senate seat.
no one is talking about how many medical related jobs will be lost when millions lose coverage
Thank you Senator!
Please protect my healthcare.. and my Mother.. is is in dying need of Medicaid and Medicare.. STOP President 45.
Don't just oppose Senator, compose!  This is obstructionism & political games.  Vote Bill Nelson out in 2018.  Unite us!
V.A is Gov ins for vets.  Until Pres Trump stepped up, veterans died waiting for treatment.  Single payer will not be any better.
Single payer HC is too easy 4 Gov to get rid of costly patients.  Contaminated serum or tainted blood.  Gov could cull population at will?
Dems want single payer.  UK has single payer, they just lost 2400 hemophiliacs to aids tainted blood.  How does that happen to so many?
Thanks for your principled and strong position on this important issue.
Are you saying you are for keeping ACA going?
While you are at it vote NO on Wray! Keep McCabe!
Thank You Sen Bill Nelson
And no birth control for women!?   Vote against it. Thank you Sen Nelson. @senmarcorubio  this is all so wrong.
Thank you and keep fighting for us!
Yes! Please stay strong for us @SenBillNelson and please work on @senmarcorubio
Thank you, Senator Nelson.
Thanks Bill! With undivided govt it shouldn't be this hard for Rs to pass something, and yet it is. The bill is just that horrible!
I agree! Thank you for your common sense, Senator Nelson! As a Floridian, I feel lucky to have you represent! @marcorubio
But could it be worse than obama care?
Thats too bad. I can't imagine how it could be worse than the Unaffordable Care Act that you imposed on the people of Florida.
No disrespect Senator Nelson, but where was this concern with the UNAFFORDABLE HCA (Obamacare)?
one thing about GOP  "healthcare" bill, it doesnt discriminate-sex race age religion-even party affiliation  
@LindaCollins11
Thanks for your opposition. Then let's hope some real improvements can be initiated across the aisle.
Since obamacare is dying, are you going to leave your constituents with NO INSURANCE!
no sweetie bird with two followers - Rick Scott is the one to ask?
congress should be required to use obamacare, they exempted themselves so they don't get it, obamacare ruined healthcare for working class
Nelson opposes it bc gop created, you don't use obamacare, it sucks, it hurts more FL than the new bill, crappy coverage at 3 times the cost

Thank you from the retirement age community that were hit so hard in Bush era economics and 9-11 aftermath.  The plan Obama set can work!
Maybe you can help pay our raising health insurance bills. POS
wait until your new insurance carrier won't pay for cancer treatments and your premiums are higher
@marcorubio please vote NO on revised Healthcare Bill. It is not an improvement.
Thanks for your continued support !!!!
Thank you @SenBillNelson - It would negatively affect all of us.
Tell me Senator, what is your plan w/ regard to my premiums which are up 100% You have not seemed particularly preoccupied w/ that detail.
Ours too....it's unbearable
Thank you, Senator, for opposing the GOP sham health care bill.
Too complex to satisfy everyone- get it passed
Thank you for speaking out against this bill. Please keep tweeting
"This new _______ is just as bad.If approved,this bill will hurt a lot of _____ and for that reason I will oppose it." Standard BS response.
Republicans don't even like this bill.
