What do you call a conservative that everyone on the left considers a conservative but no one on the right does?
Bill Kristol.
Rick Wilson
John McCain
Ana Navarro works too.
Yes!
Mitch McConnell and yes, Paul Ryan.
David Brooks. No, wait: John McCain.
Ana Navarro?  Lol.
Ana Navarro.
Ana Navarro, Jeff Flake, John MCCain, Paul Ryan, Romney...and many more
Susan Collins
James Comey
Kristol is about as neo con as they come.
All the Never Trumpers. #MuhPrincipals
Mushmouth Bill Kristol....
He’s lost his mind.
He fancies himself......
Bill Kristol, George Will
Ana Navarro, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Jeff Flake, the list goes on.
Ana Navarro

Jennifer Rubin doesn’t even consider Jennifer Rubin a conservative @IMAO_
It depends. If Trump called her a liberal, then she'd immediately identify herself as a conservative.

THAT woman, OMG, I cannot STAND Jennifer Rubin. 
It was HER article in January 2016, National Review, essay of 22 authors hit job on Trump, which got me off the fence and to work for Trump with FULL zeal.
So wrong, for so long, but she still has a job.
Why?
If being right were a job requirement for pundits, everyone who has ever written for The Weekly Standard would sleep under an overpass.
Cheers to you Jack
Ana Navarro
Megan McCain
Mitt Romney.
Jennifer Rubin https://twitter.com/IMAO_/status/986287998298939393 …
Nicole Wallace
Andrew McCabe
McCain, Ryan, McConnell, Graham...oh the list goes on!!
Erick erickson, joe scarborough, john podoretz...
How about RINO??  Works for me
Anna Navarro
John McCain or Lindsay Graham
Two-thirds of the people on Fox News...
s a v a g e
Haha  don't forget Mitt Romney, Jeff flake, John McCain,Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell!!
David Brooks
Definitely Ana Navarro.
Ana Navarro and yes, Jennifer Rubin
Bush. Romney. McConnell. McCain. Flake.

I can go on....but you get the picture...they're hucksters or lying scum if you prefer.
Right on!! 
savage
John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Jeff Flake, Susan Collins... hell 99% of the GOP
Or Matthew Dowd.

(Or has even the Left dispensed with pretending he’s conservative?)
He blocked me years ago.
He blocked me this year. 

I might have tweeted about his pretending to be the voice of reason after banging his boss’ wife. Was that wrong?
You can say the same thing now about Gorsuch
look up where is vote went this week on the case involving deportations.
Anna Navarro
A freaking RINO mostly liberal!
Bill Kristol
Robert Mueller
John McCain. Paul Ryan. Lindsey Graham. Jeff Flake. Ana Navarro. Dana Perino.
The current occupant of the Andrew Sullivan chair.
David Brooks
Ana Navarro
John Boehner

Rino/Deep State/Elite Globalist Puppets/Propagandists..., Didn't actually ask who they were, everyone already knows apparently. Got most of them listed in this feed.
Lady Xanax Cheri Jacobus
Lyndsey Graham?

David Brooks.
What do you call a fake conservative whom no one believes is a conservative, but whom the right pretends is, so they can pretend to be winning bigly while he is destroying the country? Oh yeah right - you call him Trump
McTurd
And...Colin Powell.
Joe Scarborough.
Ana Navarro, Bill Kristol, David Gergen... The list is quite long.

John McCain, Anna Navaro....need more?
an individual
A McCain
Maybe He is strating the fence -wishy-washy,  trying to please both sides...?
A CNN contributor.
Intelligent? Thoughtful? Not a magat? All of the above?
Smart.
Add Ana Navarro to that list
Jeff Flake
John McCain
A RHINO
Sheeple

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …
Independent
"Me!"
Wrong ! Everyone on the left does Not consider @JRubinBlogger a conservative.
A “Dual Citizen”.
Ana Navarro also.
ALO KONSEN.
John McCain!!!
David Brooks
Ana Navarro?
Ana Navarro
RINO!
A pig
Bill kristol
comey.......
A democrat
So many names, so few characters.
John McCain

Haha! Good question. I personally visualize those kind of folks as indecisive folks and will go either way it makes them look good.
If he continually votes with the left, he should be on the left. If he/she continually votes with right, he should be on right.
Bret Stevens. Ana Navarro. 

But Jennifer Rubin is my #1.
Why? Because she doesn’t support trump’s treason? Flynn’s treason? Don Jr’s treason? Nazis? You trump lovers are something else.

Rubin for sure
President
RINO
Ana Navarro!
Trump
A #RichardNixon #SCOTUS appointee
notice when Twitter is filtering I am not seeing any advertisements on my page either. only conservative are being blocked from receiving those ads. So Twitter Shadow Banning is blocking their advertiser from reaching the full potential of it members that they are paying to reach
Jeff Flake , Lindsey Grahmnesty....
Republican?
Mitt Romney - McCain - Lindsey graham - Paul Ryan - McConnell - the list goes on and on and on
Trick question!  Liberals think MODERATES are conservatives. True conservatives they call racist haters.
A CNN contributor.
Ohhhh......good One!
Far more American than the rest.
Charlie Sykes
John McCain 
Jeff Flake @JeffFlake
She is a fake conservative who identify herself as a conservative to attack @GOP and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump , this is so disgusting and disgrace as @ananavarro
A Republican Strategist who is on the payroll of @CNN, @MSNBC @CBSNews @ABC @NBCNews
BUTTHEAD!
#hibutthead
@LindseyGrahamSC
@BillKristol
@ananavarro
Michael Medved
Mitt Romney
Easy.  A RINO.
Lindsey Graham
John McCain
A RINO
Too easy.
John McCain?
Rick Wilson and Ana Navarro come to mind. There are names. I won't use them.
. Uh, a Rino.
#BillKristol
Hahaha!
Ronald Reagan
#realalexjones
Alex Jones
Ana Navarro
Trump should be castrated

http://time.com/5242864/james-comey-responds-donald-trump-tweets/ …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul
Evan McMullin, Bill Kristol and every other pro-war neocon
An Arizona Senator.
Robert Mueller
Ummm, Trump and Kellyanne Conway?
She’s a real piece imo
John McCain
Alex Jones.
Mitch Mcconnell
John McCain
A Riberal?
John Thune
John McCain
Joe Scarborough
Jeff Flake!
Flip that question and probably also an interesting discussion:  what do you call a liberal that everyone on the right calls a leftie but the left thinks is conservative?
Buys single ply toiletpaper.
there are a few others but Rubin is probably exhibit A
You can always tell a progressive pretending to be a conservative, they by single ply toiletpaper and only fold it twice, there the ones with stinky finger.
max boot
Anna Navarro
A dildo
Unhinged screech box. Unstable ungenius.
Allahpundit
Off the top of my head:
Paul Ryan.
David Brooks.
Lindsey Graham.
John McCain.
Bill Krystol.
Jeff Flake.
Jennifer Rubin.
John Kasich.
Mitt Romney.
Mitch McConnell.
Mr. Speaker or Sen Majority Leader

David Frum
Joe Manchin.
David Brooks.
#JeffFlake
Nailed it.
Someone with integrity?
Joe Scarborough
Jennifer Rubin is the 21st century version of Kevin Phillips.
The list is long but you can start with Mitch....
coughcoughMcCaincough achooKasichachoo
David Brock
Kinda surprised no one has said @JoeNBC but I guess it’s cuz the left doesn’t even consider him conservative anymore!!
Ana Navarro
Ana Navarro
We also would have accepted Bill Kristol or Ana Navarro.
Pretty much the entire NRO editorial staff.
John McCain

Glenn Beck. John McCain.
Just one? Flake, McCain, Mueller, A. Navarro, Kasich, Romney
RINO
A cunt?
I was thinking more along the lines of Benedict Arnold, not because of her routine activities but because of her makeup.
Ana Navarro
If no one on the right considers this person a Conservative, but the left does, then at best they are an old fashioned  Conservative Democrat like JFK. The left has gone so far left, they think anyone slightly left of center is a Conservative.
