I’d be more excited if I was wealthy:
Nice damage control. Your tax code is less popular than your President.
Real snappy graphic. Maybe make a birthday card for Trickle down theory: over 100 years old and hasn’t worked yet, so good luck polishing up that old chestnut.
I can’t wait for you to get voted out. You shame the state of Washington.
45K followers,  82 retweets.......still think people are excited??? #taxscam
Since I’m a small business owner, not in the top 1% and not a Corp,  no. I’m NOT EXCITED. I’m WORRIED.
Let's say 'good-bye' to you, shall we?
Cathy ? Didn't your parents teach you not to lie? 

The new Tax Plan actually does not work the way you and @GOP said it would. 

But I'm not surprised. Our Representatives need to go back to the basics of what you were hired for.

You work for the working class & such. Shame !!
Actually, it does.
Actually, it doesn't.
What we'll remember come November is Not one filthy, cheating, lying, corrupt, anti-American DemoRat voted to lower working folks taxes, that's why it's not permanent, instead of lying, try and tell the truth, reason workers are receiving more than others is based on income, Duh!
I'm a Registered Nurse who gets paid every two weeks. I receive 100.00 less since the tax cuts were implemented. The other nurses I work with? The same. The Trump voting nurses I work with? They're done. We don't need to lie. Well leave that to you.
Not a liar, work 40-60 hours a week saving lives. What, pray tell, have you done with your miserable existence? You're a sad, sad individual. You bore me.
What's your hourly wage, I'll tell you how much net take home you are receiving in disposable income, since math may not be possible for you, or I defer back to original possibilities, don't bore me!
Where are the post cards we were promised?
Next year, DA.
There won't be any postcards, DA. It was a lie.
no one will file there taxes on a post card next year too. It was a lie. It’s not any simpler.

New deficit, who dis?
Tool
More excited to say good-bye to this #FailedCongress in November when the polls open.  Pro tip:  Servants shouldn't countermand the wishes of those who hired them.  #WetThePeople REALLY dislike such blatant arrogance...
As of this second, only 245 people are "excited"  Sad!
I love deficits so I'm really excited!
Yes!!!! Thank you President Donald J Trump and all yours for saving us from the  " Old outdated tax law's!" It's about time, and GOD BLESS YOU ALL WHO VOTED TO HELP AMERICAN TAX PAYING CITIZENS!!! +++.+.

F U.
RT if you are going to vote for Lisa Brown!
the complete tax code was NOT re-written.  it still needs to be simplified and completely overhauled.  all you did was reward the 1% with more money as I pay the highest taxes I have ever paid in 40 years.  shame on you.
I’m excited to see @realDonaldTrump ‘s tax returns. Is that like the same thing?
#TaxScamBill
come on cathy, you are going to run on this piece of shit tax cut?  Aren't there minorities to torment or poor people to kick off health care?  Might try and run on morals, if you had any.
KMA FOAD
same old same old...
Didn't  help me.  But it did help Rich people and corporations...

Long live pharoh..
Moses please help...
Pretty successful RT (Y)
I cannot wait until you are voted out of office.  It will be a great day!

The lie continues. As retired voters in Florida, we are seeing our net income decreased due to health insurance premiums increasing! $2.9 TRILLION from Social Security! This is so sad!
BTW, don't tell me there's a "SURPLUS" for Social Security when everyone KNOWS Social Security is underfunded for future generations!
Only rich people get anything
where are donald trumps 2016 tax returns?
what is he hiding 
no other POTUS has ever refused.
what is he hiding


Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/cathymcmorris/status/986218719771840512 … (Ranked 38th for Apr 17.)
Yes will be great 2018

Good by fiscal responsibility! Hello, deficits! Whoo!
Very happy with the TAX Reforms, thanks to those who voted for this good legislation!
"you know full well that President Trump and his family are complying with all the ethical rules, everything they need to do to step away from his businesses and be a full-time president."

Yeah because ethical people hide what they do.  Thanks for explaining that
I think the next president will change it again.

I am more excited to say goodbye to you on November 6th.
I will say this.

#TRUMP  ticked of the 10th item in the priority list of his promised @potus agenda

Yawn .................

Low energy Jeb would have give us tax cut.
You mean the one that allowed me to write off my massive medical expenses from having a disabled child? Or the one where we can deduct a small amount for the office my husband works out of? Hmmmm. .
Excited only for #Midterms2018 to #VoteThemOut  & the GOP elite donors    Register & Vote 

Not as eexcited to say goodbye to your 52 y/o looking ass.
Since the President and most of the congress didn't read the entire tax bill, the more important question is the government going to have the new one ready for next year?  I highly doubt it.
Almost as much as the debt it leaves behind and the future cuts it will cause for social security and health care. Thanks #Seahag

What we'll remember come November is Not one filthy, cheating, lying, corrupt, anti-American DemoRat voted to lower working folks taxes, that's why it's not permanent, instead of lying, try and tell the truth, reason workers are receiving more than others is based on income, Duh!
Because it is a lie and a hustle, and will cost me more. Even worse after the GOP guts vital programs to pay for this Billionaire Bonus Bill.
Wait till next yr. No deductions and you will pay more
F U
Retweet if you want to see this entire administration frog-marched to the nearest hoosegow!
RT if you love deficits!!!!!!
So happy for those hard working billionaires.
Damn- better validate your withholding on IRS site.  I just did and it looks really bad for folks with property taxes and state income tax over 10k
Read the CBO Analysis
#GOPTaxScam
*GUT FIRST 1$ IN PAYROLL TAXES* (per hour) 
90% welfare for workers gone
Paid w WORK REQUIREMENTS & fingerprinting

60%+ of Welfare/Medicaid  who “don’t have jobs”
WORK UNDER THE TABLE
Millions use FAKE IDENTITIES 

LARGEST ANTI POVERTY PROGRAM IN AMERICAN HISTORY #TaxDay
