In our intv on @NewDay you were clearly being sarcastic about the idea comey could swing an election. https://twitter.com/kellyannepolls/status/985875781598482432 …

Lol!
Good to see they finally let her out of her coffin to give us proof of life.
Right??
HRS lost the election because she chose NOT to campaign in Wisconsin, chose to be careless with classified emails, chose to attack people supporting the other candidate as deplorables, & vilified LEOs! Comey might play a minor role for those concerned re an ongoing investigation!
Actually Kelly, it was Putin, and the TRUMP administration, and probably you too..you all new trump couldn't win on his own..So ya that's why..
Well with all the help that Trump had from Russia it's hard to say how that race would have come out.  Trump's reluctance to enact new and well deserved sanctions on Russia is evidence of his collusion with Putin.
And @realDonaldTrump no one else is the reason why GOPs are about to lose the house and senate
So who keeps bringing up HILLIARY ?
Hillary won the vote of America. Trump only won the electoral vote.  Even he said he was suprised.
Thank God killory lost. She would have destroyed America!
You really struggle with not mentioning her, even though you constantly say you wont. Btw, there is zero wrong with asking about your husband's tweets. They are out there for the public and if they are in that domain they should/will be talked about.
Way to duck the issue!
I forgot you were still alive! How’s the WiFi access in the WH boiler room?
There you go again, Hillary, Hillary, Hillary, you are so damn jealous of her. Hillary will always be a better person than you, always.
There is no doubt Hillary was a weak candidate, but she also didn't have Russia helping her.  Trump is so weak on Russia.  Will be interesting to see what comes out.  Someone should call John Barron for input.
Who let you leave the sewers again?
You can say it all you want - it does not make it true.  You been hanging around your boss to much. Just because it come out of your mouth it NOT DOES make it true. The “ fated Trump -Jedi” Treat” 

NOTE TO JOE SCARBOROUGH (Part 2):

The media's unhinged email obsession created the environment where #Comey's actions had the maximum impact. You helped push the…
Hillary won by over 3 million votes. She lost because of an outdated, gerrymandered Electoral college system.
Aww you couldn't play by the rules so the rules are wrong and you want to change them so you can win , poor baby , there is a reason why it is the way it is , the large urban run down welfare cities regardless of how many votes will not dictate the outcome of the presidency
Going through all of these comments and she is getting zero support. The Russian bots must be on vacation.
Either that or the liberal bots are out in full force
Looks like your boss took you of the leash today
Looks like a bot, writes like a bot, lots of numbers behind your name like a bot, no picture in the bio like an inexperienced bot. If you are not a bot, you might want to change out of your bot Halloween costume, its April.
And Kellyanne you think Trump is honest and trustworthy? That is the funniest statement I've ever heard. Not one think reflects Trump as being honest or trustworthy! Trump is the biggest con man!
In your old age, you'll be wearing a straight jacket and repeating "but Hillary....but Hillary...."
Hi KellyAnne!  Want to talk about weev? 
Lots liberal trolls crying we won the popular vote ,that's not how the game is won and if your not smart enough to know this you shouldn't be in the game and no you don't get a trophy, take your loses like an adult, and no you're not going to change the rules to suit your needs.
HRC was the overwhelming winner of more peoples' votes.
I have one thing to say: RUSSIA.

Honestly, Bev.
Poor Bev!! Thats the best you can do????
Wrong she won the system lost and we got screwed and we got this mess!
No , you are not a spoiled brat that gets everything you want , everyone does not get a trophy in your world of self entitlement , you don't win if you don't play by the rules and if you don't know how to play by the rules then you shouldn't play.
And by Hillary you mean Putin
And Russia interfering, wikileaks, Seychelles, .... 
Hope you sink with the burning ship.

That’s a lot of hyperbole on your part, Kellyanne.  https://twitter.com/peterdaou/status/985855738059870208?s=21 …
Spot on Ms Conway. Hillary is why Hillary lost. Critical and MORAL thinking women could NOT in good conscience vote for her. 
We are PROVEN RIGHT by our decision each and EVERY TIME she opens her mouth and speaks.
Hatemonger Hillary lost because of the millions of people who were punished for equal or lesser crimes that Hatemonger Hillary has gotten away with over the years.  Those people wold have voted for ANYBODY running against Hatemonger Hillary and they gave Trump the win.
I made my usual ignorant assumption and now I backpedal...-@KellyannePolls
The election is over. The people now want you and team Cheeto out. Your boss is a common criminal.
Trump sucks and maybe you do to him with all his affairs. Idk but when you talk I have to change the station because I smell shit when you open that face!!
And Trump is a Putin puppet... #MuellerInvestigation
Oh come on now, don’t backpedal! You admitted Comey swung the election in Trumps favor. Don’t try and pass it off as sarcasm. We all know you slipped up and uttered the first truthful words you’ve ever spoken.
We believe you ! We dont watch the news anymore ! They are bullies and make us look pathetic to the rest of the world. She lost because she is a Clinton. 
Wait weren't you just blaming Comey? You are so ass backwards you don't even listen to yourself. They should not let you speak publicly. You just make yourself look like more of an ads every time you open your mouth

So true. On a side note, why am I (a conservative) getting email spammed by @dnc groups. Its ridiculous to be sending me 100 emails a day from diff groups spewing the same nonsense. Its annoying!!! I dont want my email box filled with fakenews & hysteria! @realDonaldTrump
Kellyanne, yhou conveniently left out Hilary won the popular vote, but state she struggled in polls.  Really?  Cherry pick on stupid things.  Hilary lost the election but she won the popular vote and based on an antiquated electoral system Trump won.  Those are the rules.
When will you except that HRC is no longer the issue. You've been after the Clinton's most of your adult life - she's not President, yet you STILL can't shut up about her.
#accept
Can you people not move on from Hillary and Obama?!?!?!?    MOVE ON - you're screwing up America now.  You're supporting the worst President in history - OWN IT
Stop lying.
Karma’s a bitch.....but it gets you every time; it was Hillary’s time  
You can only dream that you could impact lives like she has in her lifetime. You are Pathetic.
Yes, it’s why she lost the popular vote. Oh, wait. That was Trump.
As I said dozens of times before you took the Dotard $ you were screaming for his tax returns wrinkle face 
I'm pretty sure she lost because of the terrible job she did as the Secretary of State!  Hmm, lets see, Benghazi, the classified emails on her personal server, her many lies and the list goes on......I don't recall, I'm not sure, etc. - common words used by liars.
Thank you kellyanne... I guess so tired of all the whining
Hillary didn’t lose! She won the people’s vote. Gerrymandering, Russian interference, Comey and Stupidity gave Trump the presidency.

Liberal media has become public defenders for democrats
Kellyanne, you are the best.
More "alternative facts," Kel?
When the sarcasm should be, what is it you advise the President to do anyway?? What's your role in the Whitehouse? And is it a serious position you have there?

It is important to remember that, while Bannon may be out of the White House, his partners in crime — Conway and Miller — remain. The Horsemen of the Trumpocalypse are still riding high: …
Kelly Anne what you said is on tape you can’t take it back. You clearly stated if it wasn’t for Comey she would have won. You said what we all knew already. Also the Russians helped.
No one listens to you and your alternative facts anyway.
The person who won by more popular votes was struggling? Lady.. stop wearing that godawful yellow shirt. It's in your banner too. I thought yesterday was a drug induced bad choice; you really did look "rose hard and put away wet" during the interview.

Every time you say Christopher, nevermind just do more interviews. Hilarious. Even you don't believe your own BS.
@ChrisCuomo @NewDay I think voting for Hillary would of condemned us all.
Does Kellyanne realise that blaming Hillary for Trump’s win also explains why a bad candidate won?
Ouch
Are you that delusional? Hillary took the popular vote she beat your trashdumpser, but a landslide...russian involvemnet is what got the pig the WH, he must be boffing you, for you to support him like that!
Who gives a shit what you have to day, trailer park Barbie?
Wiith all the negative press about Trump and all the candidates running He won the conservative and EVANGELICAL vote The left knows these to be more critical of behavior issues and yet he won and is still winning in spite of the onslaught of negative retoric
“They” will never accept that !
I don’t support Hilary but Without the Comey letter against Hilary and Russia’s intervention Teump won’t even get 21% of the vires. Remeber Hilary beat him by 2M votes!
How you spend your days at the office, hoping desperately 45 doesn't call on you for damage control.
She might of been high off of that cocaine
What’s amazing to me is they are comparing President Trumps ratings to Obama’s when everyone is ripping President Trump and his are up and the media praised Obama and called everyone racist if they said anything bad about him
People thought Trump was more honest than Clinton? Really? Who were those stupid people? Apparently natural selection isnt working.
Poor Conjob. Stuck your foot in your mouth.
You are a walking DISASTER
No.  You said, "this guy swung an election."  It's recorded.  Forever.  On tape.  I can make an 11-hour loop of it for you.
They voted for trump after Cambridge Analytica lies convincingly to the public.
The election is over.  Stop destroying this Country with your incompetence.
- Dozens of time? 
- 50% of polls? 
- better candidate/message/connector? trump is a better message; or HAS a better message? What? 

Why is your grammar below the level of an average third-grader? How can we trust you to know *anything* when you can’t even communicate legibly?
That’s NOT what you said today; but, please, keep trying to back pedal. 
You spelled *Harlot wrong.

Tricksie, what do you do, exactly?
Corruption at the @WhiteHouse

Time to backpedal.....
Yes she is right. Comey couldn’t swing his own ass.  Let alone an election
Hillary won the popular vote.  I wonder, how much did Dump pay our Electoral College to go against the people they represent?
Do you recognize her?
Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair.
Keep putting that bum-kisser Cuomo in his place!
Lol!  Nothing more to say!
3 million more votes....... end of discussion.
Many in the government were on her side and she still lost. That say a lot.
You dont get it Kelly
Comey acted professionally and did not let politics control him.   He is a man of conscience and the integrity to follow it. 
Gives him MASSIVE credibility.
bit in reality the one that wasn't honey was Trump,the one colluding was TRUMP, the one asking Russians to interfere with election was TRUMP, he sucks and is an embarrassment for this country and si are you
Amen to that ! She lost due to 8!years of riots , poverty , identity politics ppl were sick of obama Hillary was more of the same ! Hate white ppl regulations poor economy weak on the world stage & the dems don’t get it
So even you are admitting Trump isn't the reason Hilary lost?
@ChrisCoumo, he naturally would be against anything Trump proves was a lie. Typical liberal, and to think I have a sleeve of his dad’s autographed Titleist golf balls
Last time I checked ur man was at 42.5%, despite his constant BSing about Rasmussen having him at 50%.  Arent u the poll guru?  Ur always talking sh!t sh!t about HRC never getting 50.  Neither did, nor has he!  And real talk, the only poll that counts IBD/TIPP has him at 38%.
Between Russia and Comey there is no way Hillary could have won.
For sure, she did. The embittered left simply cannot seem to get over it. It is a sad time in our culture when a group is outright ignorant & nasty to a president. It is a sign of the times, & if people cannot remove their blinders to see the truth, civilization will be extinct.
And Putin, Cambridge Analytica, Assange etc
Leave it alone @KellyannePolls...It's OVER
Trump was/ is a terrible candidate, you people just spent years lying about hillary, it took 30 years for you guys to take her down, due to your jealousy, it took 30 minutes for half the world to hate trump, & he did that all on his own, he is a joke & so are you! #dirtyRat
With a little help from her friends.
Hillary is 100% why she lost -- negative baggage, plenty of it. #ClintonCrimeFamily #Hypocrite #Liar #Murderer

#LyinKellyanne
#MinistryOfTruth
#sychophants
#GOPCorruption
#Plutocrats
#MAGA
#MyAttorneysGettingArrested
#PredatorInChief
#EmolumentsClause
#ObstructionOfJustice
#TrumpKushnerCrimeFamilies
#FiveGuiltyPleas
#ForteenIndicted
#NoWitchHunt
#ItsMuellerTime
#In203days
#BlueWave2018
Not what you said fugly
Actually the PEOPLE chose HRC!
yep Hillary should take the blame for her lost. buuuuuutttttt, Comey's late announcement factored into a great percentage of undecided or lean Hillary voters that said she has too much baggage. I'm sure those voters are fed up with trumps baggage (small "t" in trump on purpose)
No one believes you
Back-pedaling all the way to 2016 just to try to save face from the obvious truth you declared before.
Pfff!!!! Can't put that one back in the bag Conway. We heard you very clearly. There was no mistake no sarcasm just you F ing up once again.
Just tell us what your boss was referring to as Comey’s “many CRIMES”?  And after you come up with the list of those “many CRIMES”, then explain why Comey is walking around as an unindicted free man? Your guys run the Justice Dept don’t they?
Get on your broom blondie.  You're no longer relevant!
Actually, as you well know, Hillary lost due to the Russians!!
I don’t recall you ever saying that. Show me the video. I do remember when you said thid
Skeletor knows she’s in trouble...
Nobody wants to hear from the peanut gallery zip it.
Trump/ better conman / pandered better to racist idiots /
Blah, blah, blah, maybe you and Hannity can hop in the ole time machine and say and do a few things differently.
Get off Hillary Conway.  Will be a wonderful day when we don't have to hear your whiney voice on TV.
You forgot to mention that Derelict Donald is better at alternative facts, might hit a golf ball farther, and uses similar bronzer.
3 Million Americans say otherwise! :D
No one cares about Hillary anymore, she can’t do us anymore harm!
No People don't believe you. Still your lies they do not work...
Amen- she was worst candidate ever!
Hillary didn't lose 1X.....Hillary lost 2X.....She has no shame...none of the Clintons have the grace and dignity to shut their mouths and go away.
That’s right she lost.

Hillary won the popular vote
And what will be the reason trump loses and gets impeached? You're the one with all the answers. Could it have anything to do with lying?
Stand tall; be proud of what you say on behalf of POTUS.
Do not qualify Freudian slips LOL.
Give up. You’re trying too hard to convince people who don’t believe a word out of your mouth anyway.
As I've lied dozens of times about this...

-Kellyanne
Spot on!Hillary is her own worst enemy, it’s a shame she loves her self first 
Actually, she won the majority vote, unless you still believe that 3M illegal immigrants voted.
As I said dozens of times, you are a lying troll!
And, of course, Russia wasnt helping her because unlike the orange cupcake in the WH, she was tough on Russia.
Too late. You already ate your own foot. Smooth Move Ex-Lax
You’re just so awesome I think you may have had a lot to do with why Trump won.
There you go again talking about Hillary, your favorite subject. Back to the main subject: Trump is morally unfit and obstructed justice.
Please go back into hiding!!!!
Plus, she didn't collude with the Russians like trump did, which clearly helped him win. If she had gotten to Putin first she could have won. So you're right it's her own fault for not colluding with Trump's boss.
I'm so glad you tell it like it is
Keep spinning!
You're one sick twist! #Pathetic
Its amazing to me how utterly dumb ppl are. Comey is no more than a disgruntled frmr gov't employee and bitter liberal trying to be the media's poster child all because he got his crayons out and wrote a book.
Yawn
There she goes again,  parroting the Kremlin’s false narratives.  

The watchers are listening & watching.  #WelcomeToJuarez.
Shhhhh. The grownups are talking.
I  when you call Cuomo, "Christopher".
Wrong Putin and Russia is why she lost Donnie begged Vlad to make sure he won

Liar
The minute she opens her loud mouth it all comes out lies
Screw you Kelly Sue!!!!!!!!!
Trump is one of, if not THE most productive and successful presidents the USA has ever had. His election win has brought out the true colors of modern day liberals.  Their hate and meanness is  alarming and they are benifiting most from Trumps policies. Go figure 
Crackhead
Morning drinking rocks!
Freudian slip hon.
She lost because Russia colluded with the Trump campaign and spread “fake news” Get off of the fake Fox News and get some fact based news.
#dozensoftime Can we get this trending? Like, dozens of time?
