That Was Powerful Flying Young Lady.
Way To Go Hero
You will not find her on the streets wearing one of those pink hats and breaking department store windows. She indeed has many more important things to do.
top gun!
Amazing job in the face adversity.  Amen.
Why wasn't this told by the news media about her being the pilot. I praise her greatly for a great landing job well done and saving passengers lives. Thank you Ms. Shultz.
You are a true hero !!!!!! That was amazing what you did !!!
Wow! What a hero. Or heroine. Thank you. God bless.
Now that’s the person you want as a pilot during an emergency.
I like the idea of having my pilot be a former fighter pilot. I'm sure their training prepares them for all sorts of crazy situations.
OUTSTANDING job to the Captain - she did an amazing job!
Well done.
She helped save 149 plus souls!!! God bless Tammie Jo Shults!
You go, Tammie Jo... you be my heroine!!!!!!!
This is inspiring, what an amazing pilot. Sad news there was a casualty great work from this lady,Thanks for the share :)
Job well done! Just flew for the first time in SoWestern with my married son. I couldn't believe the seats are more spacious! And the staff, smiled, talk to you and not down. Alaska Airlines is good to. Sorry, one passenger is gone, praying for families loss.
Not to take away from Tammie but there was a copilot in the cockpit too that had a hand in the succesful out come. What was the FO's name???
Kudos to this wonderful intelligent come female pilot she is a hero in my eyes and such a strong leader especially with calm demeanor
God bless the Pilot that saved all those lives. 
Her military training and experience and Gods
Hands directed the plane to ground.
Wait...when did SWA only have 1 pilot in the CP? Dig deep into some aviation trade material and people will find out that the Cpt was working the radios and the FO was actually the plane driver.
Based on the Navy photo, I vote for @mgyllenhaal to play her in the official movie.
Good work Tammie; you saved 148 and lost 1. God Bless her and may her soul rest in peace
An American hero! Thank you!
What a brave woman and pilot! Sad for the family of deceased passenger. They all must have kissed the ground.
I listened to the ATC recording. She was as calm as can be and as cool as a cucumber. Extreme example of professionalism..
US Military Pilots , Best on the planet, Male or Female 
Professionalism and being calm under intense pressure and just 2 of the things you learn in the United States Military. She's probably thinking, all I did was my job to the best of my abilities.
The plane didn’t “drop” from 32,000’ to 11,000’ in six minutes. That is a normal (though above average) descent rate and was under control at all times.
Presidential Medal of Freedom
Hero of the Month of April! Well Done.
A woman?!  Woooo lady...kudos to you!  Thank God
Another good woman role model...there are sooo many.  Overshadowed by the Hillary bazzar worship.  Lets focus on women of integrity and achievements,  what ever they are,  raising children front row achievers!
WAY TO GO TAMMIE, YOUR NAVY TRAINING PAYED OFF BIG TIME...I WOULD RIDE WITH YOU ANYTIME...
God is great and happy Sunday to you all
An officer and a lady, well done ma’am
She's a real woman of integrity, Kelly Ann get you face in the corner!
Tammie Jo Shults,
#HERO #girlpower #Southwest #flight1380 #SouthwestAirlines
Bravo Tammie!  I am an amateur (VFR) pilot of my own Cessna 182, and I know how hard your heroic end-of-flight and landing were...   God Bless You!
Brave!  A hero!  Thank you Tammie.
"God is good".... Except to the woman that died.
God ripped her from her Children, he is Evil
Everyone knows that Navy pilots are the best in the world
#girlsrule  My hero.
You go Tammy Jo!
My bet she does it

https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/stormy-daniels-pledges-130k-to-planned-parenthood-if-she-beats-trump-in-cou …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul @MELANIATRUMP
Fantastic job flying!
Great job
Amazing Pilot skills. A tribute to the training she received and the courage she displayed. HoRa.....
Beautiful hero!!!!!!
GoTammie Jo! Fierce in battle. Fearless in the face of fear.
She did a fabulous job 
hero.
KAC, Way to go. CAPTAIN. Women know how to keep their cool, also.
Thank God #TammieJoShults was piloting the plane @SouthwestAir #swa1380!
Don't tell me veterans don't learn skills to enrich our lives upon reintegration. Great job Capt. Shults!! You make Navy and SW proud!!
She did a marvelous job bringing the plane safely down!
just a day at work for her...
Thanks for the retweet Kellyanne.  Does she believe Comey threw the election in Trump's favor too?
Hoping she's my pilot in June!
I think you are awesome!
There needs to be a statue of this pilot at the entrance to Love Field.
This is literally every pilot's worst nightmare - one of the engines on your multi-engine aircraft has exploded - and she safely landed the plane.
Engine failure you train for - engine explosion you don't.
GOD SAYS MOMS REALLY DO KNOW WHATS BEST SOMETIMES 11:23
President Trump needs to have her at the White House she is a hero! I’m so proud to be a Women as God made me to be! God Bless her ... her family the crew and the passengers 
Neighbor: "She's a strong Christian lady"
(Of course!) . Way to go, Captain Shults
Tammie for Attorney General!!!!
Captain Shults!
Amazing! #WOMANPOWER
She definitely deserves commendation.
