Must be fake news. It's in the New York Times.
Dont bring God into Basketball Horse face.
Queen of fake news!
They also excel at bringing illegal Guatemalans into the country via Catholic Charities.
Kellyanne, You did a Great job reading the storybook about JESUS to the children. You Honored Jesus, and HE is so proud of you. Melania doesn't know how to do that, because she is so shallow and catered to. Her God is money. Jesus is so impressed with you. Thank You.
They do well for the same reason any other private or public university does well, they recruit good players and hire good coaches. It is idiotic and fantasy to think it is anything more. Stupid article posted by a trump propagandist.
Aren’t you too busy leaking to watch basketball??
change your pants...you are leaking
You say "I am not the leaker" and "I dont listen to the criticism"- yet by your own admission had to talk to Trump about it personally. And no doubt begged, cried for your job. Yes U have been there long time- but only because you ain't smart enough  to get out or Mercers say no.
They believe in God. The 10 commandments isn’t check list for bad behavior. They have good moms and dads that wanted a home in a country were they raise children. Abortion wasn’t casual table talk. Old fashioned American values. 
Is there any conversation you people won't try to turn into an abortion debate? 
Baahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaahahhahahahahahah
Because they beat their kids??
I prefer to use cattle prods these days; instills excellent discipline.
You’re too afraid to speak you’re own mind on Twitter? Or too dark a criminal that you hide behind your co-conspirators Robert and Rebekah Mercer.  You, Bannon, Mercers, Nix, Bolton Super pac, Carson America, etc are going to prison.
Because they never leak information
please tell me you are not a jesuit Kellyanne
Hi leaker!
You are an unattractive leaker.  And you don't tell the truth.  How sad.

Leaker
The trust in Trump is gone after his 1.3 TRILLION DOLLAR OMNIBUS GIFT to the Democrats, Swamp, Planned Parenthood, Never Trumpers etc. -- & his base betrayal. I'll BELIEVE TRUMP'S SAYING NO TO DACA NOW ONLY WHEN I SEE IT! Yes, it's gotten to this. #TrumpBaseBetrayal #NoDACA #Wall
Yeah and Mexico was going to pay for the wall.  He pulled a fast one on a bunch of dummies.  He wants to take it out of the military budget.  How sad his supporters must be.

Basketball? You could shoot a hoop of you tried...
It is more important to make laws against abortion than to come against opioids.  Adults have a choice to not take opioids.  Children do not have the choice to not be aborted.
Because they believe in games and b.s. the most?
Why trump fired you. LEAKER!!
Who cares

Kellyanne Conjob.  Welcome to lala land!

Kellyanne Conway outed because she didn't know she was speaking on the record. Whoops.   https://www.rawstory.com/2018/04/author-busts-kellyanne-conway-number-one-leaker-white-house-tells-mean-ugly-lies/ …
Always figured you were a leak in the Whitehouse. A person with marginal talent doesn’t get where you are in life without giving something back in return!
Why do they rape children and cover it up?
That's Right Ma
I knew you were the LEAK
I just assume that considering the way that u TRASHED Trump prior 2 joining him...that ppl like u, Sarah Sanders et al just flat out believe n your hearts that's it's all just a game & TRUTH is meaningless. I also assume that u teach this 2 ur offspring & they will follow suit.
Opinions from the No. 1 Leaker. Conway sux!

What is...Because the are good at recruiting?
We know this is true because the #evidence confirms Kellyanne is the very best #liar
https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/01/politics/ronald-kessler-jake-tapper-interview/index.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul
Kelly, the reason they produce such a power house they can afford the best from coach on down,a average cost for freshman,67,000 per yearkk
Lordy lordy lordy,,,
really???!! So ridiculous.
The bag that won’t blow away.

If skeletor and a crack smoking pirahna had a child it would look like you.
How can a guy writing a college sports article not know that Notre Dame is not a P5 football school.
why you excel at being corrupt more like it
Keep up the great work Kellyanne!  You're killing 'em & scolding hot!  I am going to take a tour of the White House soon, it would be great if I can get my congressman to arrange a meet & greet w/u, autograph & picture? <3 :-)
Cuzzzz....They have the Best Cheerleaders....
WTF are you talking about ...
Why are you capitalizing random words?

Nice story but negro colleges never make it to sweet 16 therefore this story  fails to explain that fact.
They cheat?
Cause that’s the way the ball bounces?
Because they know how to jump through hoops?

Uh, i have a much simpler answer. Catholic universities are located in cities where black people live and like to play basketball. 

The End.
Sadly they cost so much to attend!

Btw. Your husbands tweets deleted doesn’t mean they weren’t there. Snap shot etc. thought you should know. Can’t even unring a bell 
STUFF IT AND DUCT TAPE IT KELLY ANN !
Thank you @marctracy - most insightful article of read on the culture and commitment of Catholic Higher Education to social justice through sport.
I won’t even read - ridiculous like KeelyA. Must be Jesus dribbling.
And why you don’t excel at anything.
Need to have a fair playing field. Inforce sales Tax on Amazon, Blue Nile all other major online companies at the rate of other businesses...Urgently please but before The Damage get Irreversible!
“Inforce” lmao. What was your highest level of education?
I thought the failing New York Times was fake news?
More alternative facts?

#FinalFour #Villanova #NovaNation #Wildcats
Is it cause Jesus is a hoops fan? #you’reawitch
Conway do not believe a word from your mouth your lies will take you to a hot place
Why does Kellyanne have an unhealthy obsession with Hillery?
Why can't you forget Hillary Clinton.  You won.
Seriously?????
Everyone knows Catholic education is superior. Duh.
WHAT?  You need to go to confession sweetheart. Today!

What ever you say Spanky
Someone get that woman into rehab
This is idiot!?
Why Tanning Booths obliterate formerly attractive women #kellyanne
Hatch. Hatch who? Bless you.
George is the better attorney, and he’s the only honest Conway...

K.C.!
Trumps administration
If they don't win they are raped by priests?
!
GO THE F*** AWAY..............................SUCCUBUS
Most likely cuz you were not there
Trump is destroying America

http://money.cnn.com/2018/03/27/investing/us-debt-sale-record-treasury/index.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul
Why Kellyanne? ?? Say it.
I agree with her. So giving opportunity to the poor and inner city kids is the moral thing to do   Something your administration can’t understand
Kellyanne is an authority on basketball just like she's authority on the opioid problem.
?!
Is your husband going to divorce you?
Catholics are a bunch of pagans. Jesus would be disgusted by the Catholic Church if he was here today.
Cuz  u lie for them too?
Now back up for tik
Ethics violation number?
Why do you excel in ugliness? I mean that literally!
Trump is very guilty of:

Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice,
HUH?
because Catholic educators are fascinated by balls, Kellyanne
Congratulations! Us Mormons stink
Nice article.
Are you endorsing a NYT’s article, Kellyanne? Hmmmm. Your hypocrisy is never ending.
And Catholic priests excel at pedophilia.

It's called recruiting $$$$$$$$

Here’s the official @SteveSchmidtSES clip about crooks and weirdos that’s already legend: https://twitter.com/deadlinewh/status/979851051108102144 …

They are trained at an early age to play with balls?
I was surprised by the amount of bile in the replies to such a low key subject.
Slap em erving
Perra 
Go Jayhawks No. 1

Here in Cheyenne Wy. When it landed I was lost for words but it’s a great photo opp
Have a nice Great Friday!
Ridiculous. Neither God nor the Roman Catholic Church have anything to do with college basketball except for gifting some with extraordinary skill and work ethic to make their goals happen.
Just shut up

Money from the Catholic Paedophile Factory..er..Church?
She's the leading cause of erectile dysfunction in America . Her lies are also known to cause cancer in the state of California.
i need your help!我的亲人已经被共产党无耻的杀害!现在只剩下我一个人了。我坚持不了太久，请看在上帝的份上!对我实施人道主义救援!我甚至可以取样头发进行DNA验证!
Why do Indian colleges excel at cricket?
Jesuits vs Augustinians.....Royal Rumble 2018 !!
Why insular white people excel at being oblivious
Let’s stay on this topic! 
The Catholics are disgusted with @realDonaldTrump and his sex scandals with the pornstar and the playmates are evangelicals real Christians that would accept this lewd behavior not a good sign for their children
Teamwork and more true student athletes. Didn't even have to read the article.
Like Kansas, Kentucky, UCLA?
This 4 minute video & RTs could save a friend, a loved one, even your own life to a slow & torturous death!

No more lies!

No more abuses!

https://youtu.be/MTKY2ldEt8c  

@POTUS @VP @flotus @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @ConcernedVets @codeofvets @CPPatientsWar @DRUDGE_REPORT @CBSNews
And molesting little boys butts
Good recruiting...
You're a pro at this now, too?  You've perfected violating the Hatch Act.  You've got a way to go on basketball.
Catholics in a nutshell
On the first day god created light 
On the third day god created afternoon and morning
On the forth day god created the sun and the stars 
WTF?
No... just no...
Class. Money. 
Article too long. Hope you didn't write this on our dime, you inessential scam artist.
Ground-breaking reporting kelly.
Why aren't you in prison?
SIMPLE!
GOD IS ON THEIR SIDE!
lol
