UNLESS YOU KNOCK UP YOUR TEENAGE DATE


That’s right @KellyannePolls retweet a homophobic leader of a hate organization (NOM). Are you still collecting paychecks from them?
I obviously need to be making fun of you Kelly. You will suck on anything that taste a little salty.
Every baby girl life matters...
Brittany has disappeared too.
Democrats are pushing this genocide
#FIREkellyanne https://www.facebook.com/newsandguts/posts/355729311498710 …
Very sad. Devastating. Why is this even still going on?! Evil.
When will it stop.  Woman’s rights still an important issue around the world. Amen

Our humanism is what separates us from the animals and we must exercise it.
67401
Fascinating that you would retweet this when your boss is giving the finger to countries who need the most help.
Hilarious.
RESTORE OUR REPUBLIC!
#ElectBonneau to #Congress 

Fighting to bring YOU and the #Constitution back to congress!

Supporting YOU and #AmericaFirst

#MAGA #USA #GOP #Republican #2A #NRA
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @WaHouseGOP @benshapiro @RonPaul
#BanAssaultWeapons #impeachthirdtimeloser #FamilyValues
CAN YOU DISAPPEAR KELLYANNE, please, please! Or for once in your life SHUT UP!
I support your tweet but I cannot like it because the message is so disturbing.
And trafficked and grabbed by many whom the @GOP supports.  #Shame
I am a male. I am not in a protected class. Women want respect and protection from Alpha males. No thanks.
Most of the problems we have is due to women trying to be
men. Off they go and the children are abandoned
with the dog walker.
How do you get an actual count of killed, aborted and neglected girls?
Sad.  The difference in “Choice”, reaching in and hacking limbs one at a time, cutting, ripping apart a child, and “premeditated murder” just a few months.  Does that make sense?  Lord help the Blind, help Us help the Unlearned!
Agreed!! ALL babies should never be killed by abortion!!!
How does U.S. foreign policy contribute to this? Instead of tweeting the problem, you should also include how your own greed contributes to the misery of others, which leads to these types of outcomes. You toot your horn of fake concern, but I don’t hear it. YOU are the problem.
It's real easy to say there should be no abortions when you are rich, in a healthy relationship, haven't been raped or know that the child will have a good quality of life. Sadly most abortions are on people who do not have these assurances. Pro-birth is not pro-life.
And a good day to respect women.  Who did your boss grab by the genitals?

Ah, pulling out the emotional trigger card to distract from your criminal behavior. Shame on you for using this issue for your own gain, for using the deaths of innocence for personal political gain.
Wow that is disturbing beyond words. Who are these Chinese men going to marry and have families with? Planned Parenthood gave Indian and other third world countries the ultrasound equipment so they can expand their baby body parts business and encourage more abortions.
Just words out of the mouth of another Trump criminal. Conway is all in on allowing anyone at anytime to purchase a gun to kill. Course she is like the fools at NRA that always blame the gun for pulling its own trigger. Dotards all.
I guess there were no boys abused, aborted or neglected.
Very well stated Kellyanne!
Really?   Mar 4th 2010  ?

You need to crawl into a hole. No one want to hear u

Male surplus have empowered and will empower a certain kind of women. Abortion of baby BOYS is the real paradigm killer. #socialsingularity

It seems to me that this generation of Millennials sees abortion as a way of birth control without going down to the local drug store and buying contraceptives! This just goes to show you how ill equipped these mentally Disturbed people are!
The weird reality of pro-choice
Amen.
A SICKENING FACT
Way more than that if you count Ted Cruz's magazine sperm.
Just think of all those little girls that will never be able to grow up and be the adult women they were meant to be. A society that kills its own offspring also does not have respect for other human life either. Our culture needs to listen up and respect human life.
The right of a woman to choose an abortion is completely selfish as it denies the rights of another person and therfore pure hypocracy!
Isn't it Ironic that many if not all feminists champion their own rights but do not defend the rights of the unborn!  Their whole premise of feminism is a farce!
I thought huge-heiny michele obama solved this problem with her MAGIC HASHTAG? OMG!
Defunding Planned Parenthood certainly won’t help women.
Defund these killers
YA LETS ALL LOOK AT THE FIRST LADY
that's very sad
This is the saddest and most disturbing thing I’ve seen in a very long time !
Here is another #GrossFact >> Sickening: Major food corporations use tissue from aborted babies to manufacture flavor additives in processed foods - http://NaturalNews.com  https://www.naturalnews.com/049367_aborted_babies_flavor_chemicals_food_corporations.html … via @HealthRanger
Time to boycott companies who do this, somebody get a list posted
There is a list ,, search now for  " Companies The Use Fetal Tissue As Flavor Enhancers "
http://www.healthclinicweb.com/2016/02/11/list-of-companies-using-fetal-cells-from-aborted-babies-to-flavor-known-to-share/ …
Holy shit. That's disturbing.
So what are you doing to help baby girls once they leave your womb?
There are great adoption services available and in Canada women are supported like no other in many ways.
Hey Curtis - have you ever been pregnant? Had morning sickness while at work? Have you ever given birth - and then handed over the baby you carried inside you for 9 months to a stranger? Have you ever been treated as a vessel as opposed to a human being?
Incredibly sad.
@KellyannePolls ARE YOU SERIOUS! WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU!!!
Very, very sad ! Emotionally draining.
Very sad.  Boys may be surviving the butchers in larger numbers but then they are being neutered by society.
So well said, my sister's and brothers have 8 boys, and I don't appreciate the way they are always in the wrong. My little Grandson asked why in 1st grade, you can't even hold a girls hand when you form a circle? He said, " I touch your hand and Mommies."
Did you read the article???
A more pertinent question: in the age of equality, why don’t women keep their baby girls? It’s a tragedy.
Abortion us not HEALTHCARE. Artificially terminating a pregnancy by killing a child is not a natural process. It disrupts a natural process in an extremely violent way and is in no way Health Care.
So is artificial insemination a natural process? If God wanted you to have kids wouldn't he have let you become pregnant the natural way, no?

According to progressive thought there are still plenty of genders around!
Maybe if society and the religious community valued girls and women more than mothers, submissives to men,  burdens or sexual objects we wouldn't have this problem.
Most civilized societies don’t view women this way anymore. In fact Christianity has raised the status of women consistently since Jesus set foot on the earth.
sure...
If you don’t believe me then give me examples - because I’ve got a ton of them I can tell you.
Literally we just went through months of scandals where women had come out about being sexually abused in order to get work, maintain their jobs or not have their life or career destroyed.
We literally have a man as President who has NEVER respected women.
We have a man as president who said his baby daughters greatest assets were her legs and her breast if they were as big as her mothers. Who also looked at female children and the first thing that popped into his head was that he was going to date them when they became of age.
@AuConservatives policy is to jail women for having abortions...
I have not heard that before, unbelievable, Where? OMG
Yes, we should all support the right of women to access safe abortion services!
WRONG! Did you READ this? They are putting BABY parts in your Cheerios! Good GOD are you  INSANE??? 
Another lie from @AuConservatives Candidate Shelton. Nowhere in Australia are late term abortions performed on the healthy fetuses of healthy women...
Well bully for them. I should commend their ethics. You missed my outrage over BABY PARTS for FLAVORING!!! Pure MADNESS! @realDonaldTrump 
"We must leave no girl or woman behind" says UK Secretary of State for International Development.....except the ones eviscerated by the abortionists knife that is
Or those senselessly gunned down by easily acquired assault rifles. 
I am personally pro-life. But I do not want the Federal Government making decisions about women’s healthcare. Abortion should be safe, legal, and rare.

A stronger social safety net, better funding for foster care, and ending racial disparities is adoptions would go a long way.
But although our policy prescriptions are different, our prayers on this are the same.
@obianuju
Now you can walk with the greats all day long. Introducing the NEW "Legends of Jazz" tee. http://www.modernvirtuoso.com 
