What does it matter what she said. She isn’t in office, she isn’t running for anything, so why does it matter? Current #GOP WH has to hate somebody, has to misdirect important issues, and stoke the hate of their followers.
It always matters when elected public officials LIE, CHEAT and generally mislead the public every time they open their mouths! It matters and the American people are tired of such BS! TRUMP, TRUMP, TRUMP thank God for TRUMP!!!!
Oh, you haven’t noticed, but #Clinton lost the last election she was in, she is not an elected public official. And, how is it you haven’t noticed the lies, deception, corruption, collusion and possible treason by #Trump, trump, trump? Just saying.
Ignorance is bliss. I expect I was voting #Republician longer than you have been alive. But as a conservative I did not promote hate, racism, persecute the poor, give in to rich guy greed. We believed in ethics, one nation under God, Indivisible, with Liberty and Justice for ALL
Well, you’re talking my language Mr Marsh. I can appreciate that......

Why isn't she in jail already?
Because she committed no offense other than being a patriotic Democratic woman.
This is the definition of being in denial.

Hilary needs to enjoy retirement and stop with all the what went wrong stuff. It's getting old.
It was old the first day she did it. How many different people and circumstances has she blamed?
@KellyannePolls  is this all you have to do all day is bully folks?  Shouldn't you be investigating microwaves to sitting school girl style on the sofa couch while the adults work?
funny how actual people don't agree...   Every talk she gives is sold out
It just illustrates how many Hillary worshipers are still deluded and hanging on to their futile hopes. Do they plan to visit her in prison?
nah, we're not even going to visit Trump
Good answer, but our president won't be looking out from behind prison bars. He hasn't even done enough to justify the liberal dream of impeachment.
I call this article BS. She had the presidency STOLEN from her and handed to a LUNATIC by an adversarial foreign power, and yet SHE is still being dragged through the mud. She deserves better. #StillWithHer
Maybe she can sell you some uranium or give you some of that money out of her foundation that she doesn't use for Haiti
That’s been debunked how many times STOP WATCHING FOX NEWS!!
They can't stop without an intervention. They are in a cult.

This is hilarious. It shows how liberals regularly try to reverse the truth and project blame on others.
Hillary, I voted for you. I thought you’d make a good president. But that’s over. Let it go. Raise money, organize, donate, but please, it’s time to step aside. There is a new generation of leaders rising. Give them the space and time to grow. They will do amazing things.
And we thank you for speaking out out in support of all our new women candidates.  Thanks for leading the way!

The election is over, you lost bozo. Wait, maybe she will run again in 2020. Actually I hope she does. President Trumb will crush her again. #HillaryIsTiresome

I would love to see Clinton run in 2020. Then she can write another book.....What Happened Vol 2. #TrumpTrain2020
...... She could write it from prison she has fools that would vote for her FROM PRISON FOR CAPITAL OFFENSES IF IT WAS POSSIBLE to do so!
If @HillaryClinton was truly guilty as your "Pous" (your spelling of Potus on your main page) claimed, she'd have been put in prison by now.  She is innocent.... @realDonaldTrump is NOT.  He's going to prison along with many others.  Deal with it.  Oh, and btw, you're BLOCKED.
To every Democrat who says “why are you still talking about Hillary?” THIS is why.

The Clintons are both deplorable people frankly and also the biggest LOSERS in politics this country has ever seen. They are right up there with NIXON! They need to head back to AK and stay there!!
Hills still runs in 2020.  Just watch
The most honest quote in her book:  

"It was one of those moments where you wish you could hit pause and ask everyone watching, well, what would you do?”

She has no idea how real people act.

Or maybe this card?
Hillary Clinton angers America.
Angers US enough to go to the polls to vote out Chief STD Warrior  and Russian-loving cohorts!
Love Her
She lost the election. Twice. Please go away!!
Also... Just focus on yourself and your health!!

#LockHerUp
#HillaryClinton
#HillarysHealth
Take your own advice.
JFC I Didn’t you just say no one talks about Hillary? You people are obsessed.
Then kindly stop!
She is sooooo out of touch.  Much like most life long politicians.  Mmmm?  It’s sort of like politicians are living on a type of government welfare and they squander the opportunity just like some other bad citizens.  Have 1 to 2 term limits for all political offices.  No do over
Bernie took armed guards to am anti-gun ray.

Who is out of touch? 

Also. Bermie's been serving for decades. I suggest you go after the poltician instead of the privatr citizen who is allowed to have an opinion.
This woman is in need of serious mental help and soon before she really hurts herself.
SHES NOT WRONG.
When she’s right, she is.
And when she's wrong, she can't stop telling people what she thinks because she knows there are those who will believe her.
Yup and very proud to be one of those people because compared to the liar in chief we have now? “B-b-but her emails!! “Benghazi!” Everyday Trump proves she was the better choice.#LockHimUp

You're sick
The Democrats could not have presented a worse candidate. They are lucky they got the votes they did.
I agree I think she does more harm than good regarding some comments she makes about the past election, but this entire administration angers the American people & our allies with every comment, tweet, and political agenda. It’s all a shame. You are a part of it.
Hillary - please go away!!!
She's a private citizen and has much right to say what she says as you do. 

GTFO it.
Didn’t say she doesn’t. The election is over. By the way I voted for her. She needs to go away.
But why should she go away?
Because we have bigger battles to fight and her taking about the damn election is not helping.
She's still allowed her opinion

I'd much rather hear hers than the lying POS grifter Bernie's. FFS..who goes to an anti-gun rally with armed bodyguards? 

I'm a Democrat. I can multi-task and fight/win battles...like in my district #PA18.

As obsessed with Clinton as her boss. Get over it already.
Kellyann doesn't possess enough brain cells to realize that these are alternative facts.
Lock her up!  Lock her up!

Ha Ha...the Unclassy "Trasher" Trashy...Killary...oops, Hillary is imploding from Within!! Keep it Up Killary...oops Hillary!!

That's the best you can come up with? We are so over her. Let it go Kellyanne. More interested in watching you all fall from disgrace. Do you think Pence will keep you around?

In the words of Deplorable #1, FAKE!
Why are all of @realDonaldTrump's supporters so touchy about Hillary Clinton’s comments? ... She’s not the one making a hot mess of just about everything in the White House.  Accountability.
Go fly away on your private jet @KellyannePolls 

But don’t stick taxpayers with the bill this time! #LockHerUp
You just can't get over that she won the popular vote by 3 million plus, can you?? Let it go Kellyanne..let it go..
Clinton won nothing! She attempted to lie her way into the Presidency but thank God Trump prevailed where it counted! TRUMP, TRUMP forever! Yeah baby!!!!!
What she said is correct.  Period.  If you can't deal with the truth, go back to your Fox Noise baby bottle
Kellyanne is another dotard stuck with Hillary Clinton.  In her dead bed she will be saying what about Clinton's emails.  But when you have so much to hide and deflect what kellyanne to do.
Please make Hillary go away.
Hey @KellyannePolls, the election was over a year ago. Please move on. You have other things on your plate, like coming up with nursery rhymes on Fox News.
Everytime Hildebeast attacks us we conservative  women are going to push back. Do you read BEFORE you tweet idiotic comments??
As should you.
Lock them all up!
God u ppl who think she is for women are NUTS. She cares about Hillary. It showed when she bragged about getting that rapist off . When she bashed the women that we're sexually abused by her husband. WAKE UP. SHE IS THE SWAMP!!
Leave that woman alone
Clinton angers no one. Who pays attention to her?
Hillary Clinton is a Drunk
There's many reasons why Clinton lost, but dragging it up repeatedly is not helpful. It's just her exercising her demons in public forum. It's no better than Trump's fixation on the election. Come up with lessons learned for others or move on. Please.
She is still under your skinn, isn't she?
she says the truth all the dems think
Shouldn't someone tell her insulting over half of the US population ISN'T/WASN'T the way to gain votes.
What a bitter and angry woman. She jphas done utterly nothing for herself, except hitch her life to WJC and obtain jobs and promotions as HIS career advanced. On her own, she was a pedestrian attorney who failed the DC bar exam.
Please keep talking hilliary. Just digging your own grave!
Surely Hillary doesn't think Indians are stupid, too, does she? Well, perhaps she does. She must have noticed that people of Indian origin in US typically vote Democrat though their core values are in fact very Republican in nature.
President Trump the Best President!
You are a bubble-headed liar, Kellyanne Cons-her-way! You've been caught in so many bold faced lies that NOTHING you say will be taken seriously by anyone who matters.
Only in Fox and the White House is Clinton President
No Democrat is paying attention to her anymore. Only Republicans are fixated on her
Keep talking 
Hillary, you are so right.  I was completely lost during the last election because I did not have a boss or a husband to tell me for whom to vote.  What is a single, white, financially independent woman to do?
Dementing woman.
No, no, it's very important that she campaign for every democrat.
Democrat candidates would be better off just completely distancing themselves from Hillary. Even the DNC is trying to get her to stay home and be quiet.
Hey Look, @KellyannePolls "I violated the Hatch Act...not once, but twice" Conway is out of the basement and criticizing someone who DID NOT break any laws.  Hypocrite!
Does anyone know why the RNC put rules on Russia into the republican charter?
Anyone that believes that we sold uranium to Russia is ignorant.  Do some research.
SHE WAS ON A BOOK TOUR?  WHAT DID SHE WRITE THIS TIME (WITH HER CRAYON)????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #BIGGOPSUPPORTER
It's more than don the con did.  He hired someone write his book.
She speaks the truth #KeepGoing @HillaryClinton ! #ImWithHer #Onward
AKA: “Hillary Clinton opened her mouth today”
Please Go Away
not true. @HillaryClinton spoke truth. taking her comments out of context changes nothing. 

#StillWithHer
What do you want from from the MOST trouble candidate this country has ever known.  This woman is very ignorant person alive.
Hillary’s sore-loser world-tour and advanced stage of Trump Derangement Syndrome is manifesting in more intensely divisive and deranged rhetoric by the most corrupt career politician in U.S. history, Hillary Clinton.
Twit! Doesn’t know anything about real life!
She should be in Jail!
Hilary is an embarrassment to our country
Enough of this. I’m not talking about Hillary speaking. I am talking about all of this bs about her speaking. Concentrate on the fascists in power.
If she was smart, which she is not, she should become quite and hope the world forgets about her! At least until the criminal indictments come down!
Sociopath

S
Hillary would look great with Duct Tape over her mouth!
You notice only one,  no name , name in this.
No. Total BS. She can say whatever the hell she wants. She’s the legitimate winner of the election that was stolen by trump cheating with Russia
True
She is seriously pathetic and embarrassing

Kellyanne is so bad with her problem of addiction to antidepressants that any comment has to be ignored, she needs poor help.
Are republican states richer than typically democrat states with less aid and welfare being spent>
#lockHerUp #CrookedHillary
Kellyanne, you’ll never be a tenth of the woman Mrs. Clinton is. Your pathetic criticisms of her are desperate, and thinking people know it. You made a fatal mistake when you attached yourself to the Pumpkinfuhrer.  #goawayandtakehimwithyou
The Killary belongs in jail for treason and corruption. Let's have some Justice served already!!
KKKrackhead @KellyannePolls has a YUGE crush on HRC. Get over it, KellyAnne, she. Doesn’t. Want. You.

What an acrimonious wretch going somewhere to happen. Crooked Hillary's days are numbered.
Geez H, please just go away. Retire, enjoy your family. You're an ongoing embarrassment  #NoClass
You are directing that comment to Hillary, right?
I assume it's for demented kellyanne.  She will be saying what about Hillary in her dead bed.
Nope. Only the out of context headlines, quotes.
@HillaryClinton 
Yeap - that's her. She will blame the whole world except herself for her failure.
Whew luckily I'm not abnormally fixated on Hillary.  It's not like she's the bumbling president or currently running for office.  Get some help before this obsession get's the better of you.
@KellyannePolls TRASH
LOCK @KellyannePolls UP. Nothing else to do, that stand in fron of the Land and spit out crap.
HILLARY and LIBERAL DEMOCRATS 
ALL THE SAME
Thank God!
You are seeing who this bitter old Biatch really is, "Her character is her Fate"
Women are dopes! (Just ask Hillary.)
She should quit commenting on politics in general. She’s a liability in the upcoming elections.
@KellyannePolls 

WRONG!!!!
We SUPPORT @HillaryClinton BY HEART, EVERYTHING SHE SAID IS RIGHT!  #AlwaysWithHer #thePEOPLESpresident
you guys are OBSESSED! Why?
Oh please! This story is only meant to divide. 
If she’s asked a question about 2016 she will answer how she sees fit! Nothing wrong with that! 
2016 didn’t go how anyone thought. Including Donny himself; who thought he wouldn’t win and didn’t want to win. 
#FireKellyanne

Do you know who's not going to be indicted today? 
But if justice ever gets served she will
@HillaryClinton Go home. You have paid Soros your debt for losing.  Call it a day. It's over for you.  Every time you speak you alienate EVEN THOSE who voted for you. See a doctor.  Cut down on the booze...paint...whatever. Go home.
When will #redstates acknowledge they are the poor states,and the "takers"receiving far more fed$s than pay
1/2) Hillary #HATERS need to get over themselves!

Yeah, the truth hurts... but it still needs to be told! And, @HillaryClinton was speaking the truth!

She DID win in the places that represent 2\3 of America's GDP!
2/) Hillary DID I win in the areas that are optimistic, diverse, dynamic, and moving forward. 

Trump's 'Make America Great Again,' is backwards looking! (MAGA doesn't care about the rights of black people, or if women are treated like equals, or if Native-Americans succeed!)
The fact that people think Hillary needs to stop talking (while Trump is allowed to continue to spew his verbal Diarrhea of lies), proves that women are not looked upon as equals!
Did we hear Romney moan an complain after he lost twice?  Biden, Dole.. No, many strong women can lead with their strong voices, including teens. She just chooses to be Debbie Downer.
1) She has every right to talk about the election (everyone else does).
2) It's not like she called a press conference...she was speaking in friggin INDIA!
3) Romney/Biden/Dole's campaigns weren't sabotaged by foreign states. Nor did they win the popular vote.

I'd be pissed too!
Al Gore had more class.  She's a horrible human being.
...your opinion.
Don’t you know it’s all about Hillary getting power. She is the center and sole focus on Earth2.

Um. Why the obsession w @HillaryClinton ? She lost and is hiking in upstate NY. I would focus on ALL the horrible things that are going on in @WhiteHouse - do you not have something better to do? WE are paying your salary.
Hillary needs to stop drinking
You need to stop lying
That’s okay @KellyannePolls you and the #IdiotInChief piss people off hourly
Please ... Please .... Please GO AWAY !
It has been 2 years. I feel nothing but pity for her, and how she let down her followers. She just can't understand, respect, trust, are required to be Pres. She was the most unlikeable woman, who never looks at herself. Blames women now.
Oh I guess you are saying Trump is a champion for women????  Any women that voted for Trump should be ashamed of themselves!
The Blame Game Tour!
Killary is freaking senile and a drunkard. She's the best spokesman for the communist Dems. A perfect example of what everyone should not be. 
Go away, ka. You are an aberration.
Dementia.  Constant repeating of a subject. This woman is not well.  Take her out of the spotlight.
Clinton is so Crooked..She can’t even walk straight down the Stairs..
HC just keeps digging her hole deeper & deeper burying herself!
I actually voted for President Trump! Imagine that...a married woman deciding who to vote for all by herself! My husband did not influence me in any way! I was previously a Dem. Switched to Republican for Trump!
Kellyanne...stop....no one wants to hear from you
Just go away Hillary.
She deserved to lose. Lousy candidate!!!! Called people names!!! Can’t stay awake.  Always has the flu.  She needs both mental and physical help.  Get her help quick!!!! Can’t walk without help. Only thing working is her big .

Smile. Trump loves you. He said so. Bless your heart.
Looks to me like your distracting from the reports that you have spent taxpayers money on those private planes. I thought you were a good Catholic girl ? Pay the American people back please . #scamartist
Disgrace


Psycho
Hillary doesn't understand that strong conservative women answer to a higher power.
Wait wait the next thing she’ll blame her loss on her rigged election is the ET’s they’re colluding with women only because they don’t know the difference between humans and aliens
@HillaryClinton IS the "deplorable!" Her recent comments on "white" women shows how out of touch she & her party continue 2 b w/America! Her corrupt dealings as Sec. of State, her email lies, & her bullying women her husband had affairs with shows her contempt & lack of decency!

Picture perfectly exemplifies the look of an elitist snob!

STOP SPENDING MY HARD EARNED MONEY FOR YOUR TRAVELS!!! TAKE COACH ON YOUR DIME!!!! You’ll have your own seat because NOONE will want to sit with YOU!
Be quiet Hillary! You sound bitter! Not a good look for women!
When you surround yourself with “Yes” woman & men - that’s what you get. One point of view. Nobody on her staff wants to walk in front of her in stairs that’s for sure
It's about time someone tells her to shut up.
You went and put that foot in mouth again huh Hillary. Thank you for reminding us all why we did NOT vote for you and never will.
And she still doesn’t understand why she couldn’t beat the most unqualified presidential candidate ever... #facepalm #fedup
Drain the swamp
She let the truth out. Dems are sexist and racist. Leave gender and race out of politics, forms, & surveys.
Dems..... But you can't fix stupid no matter what... Lol
Ignore her. She lost.
@KellyannePolls obsessed much?
