HRC says white women voted for Trump because their husbands, bosses, sons told them to.  @ the India Today Conclave this weekend.
I see you still have a hard on for all things HRC.  If you work really hard, you too can become as accomplished as she is.  #JustKidding #YoullNeverGetThere
If We “worked as hard” as HRC, we would be Prison..  and there you go labeling people with neck tattoos! Tsk
They have tried time & time again to “lock her up!” unsuccessfully. Maybe it is time to stop believing the lies you are being told.  #JustAthought
Actually I believe in the power of the Clinton machine. The power of pay offs, promises made for favor. Excellent lawyers.. Where there is smoke there’s fire. Just saying 
 the Trump team is literally doing that now. Wake up
I think you should go back to sleep! 
Is that how you stay so deluded? Does it actually work?
I find that people who make stupid assumptions, can’t stay on subject in a conversations, call people names, to stupid to talk too. So run along! 
When America stopped listening to HRC she moved to India.. As a strong, intelligent woman, I would NEVER vote for HRC. She definitely doesn’t represent my kind of feminism. And FYI..I do value my husbands opinion, why I married him. But, I also value my own.
Which is why you went for an adulterer who has been accused of sexual assault by 19 women and a noted liar and bigot? Really intelligent woman?
What a stupid comment. Move along. Intelligent enough to know women like you have no value in my opinion process. Please don’t comment further.

They are like robots.  Every opinion other than their own revolves around Trump,
Every. Single. Day.
YES! Like little ants serving their queen..
Is it hard to admit hypocrisy? Move along my little ant.
I’m sorry Meghan, but no woman in her right mind would vote for the likes of dt.  Like it or not, most women on the right have been conditioned to be more submissive and dependent on what a man thinks or expects of them. I love men....but not that kind.
I voted against HRC. I would've voted for almost any candidate over her. She has obviously got issues. I assure you my husband or any man.. had nothing to do with who I voted for. I am a strong independent woman.
Just curious as to why a "strong independent woman" wd vote for a confessed sexual abuser w no history in politics or public service of any kind, 85% on the BS meter, a maturity level of a spoiled 9 year old and no real plan on any important issues. Oh, & why u hate HRC so much?
I don't hate HRC. I don't hate anyone. I disagree with her policy.
Well you stated, "I would've voted for almost any candidate over her." So those policies u disagree with must be pretty heinous. Curious what policies in particular are the most disagreeable to you? Is it pro choice? Others? And exactly what policies of DJT did you gravitate to?
Pro choice, univ seal healthcare, I don't really agree with any liberal policy.
So you voted against a democratic candidate but you just like to be self-righteous about even though empirically being pro choice and against providing healthcare to more people hurts people.
The states should be handling the indigent not the federal government.
Certainly  not not Meghan McCain  who still banks on her daddy's name!
Meghan banked on her daddy’s vote to screw over 99% of us because princess doesn’t have enough.
Well, maybe not quite as much as 99%, unless you inflating for Trumpian hyperbole.
The tax cuts were for the 1%. Their cuts are perm. Ours expire.
True, the rich not only got cuts, their loopholes remain open while the poor lost many deductions, lost healthcare and get to offset any tax returns with higher medical insurance payments.
I wish HRC would spend more time being a grandmother and less time discussing elections. I also wish DJT would spend more time governing and less time tweeting or lying.
I'm with you but leopards don't usually change their spots. I'm also not sure we'd want DJT to spend more time governing or gardening or doing anything where you actually have to know about something and do anything. Promoting DJT is really all he has ever done, ever.
I voted for Trump becaus I liked him. Still do. I’m a white woman.
The fact that you felt the need to tell us, unasked, about your white skin color is just one of the many reasons I abhor him and everything he stands for.
I was thinking of Hillary ‘s excuse for losing the white womans vote.  I  dislike her intensity.
This chronic liar ran for President bc her husband was elected and that’s it this person (used loosely) has no accomplishments at all I mean nothing! So HRC go F yourself and go away We The People can not stand you or what you fold for FO! 
@realDonaldTrump
Do you know the definition of accomplishment??
Yes, do you?
Clearly not, if you think a lifetime of legal and political positions are not accomplishments.
A lifetime of living off US is not an accomplishment it's a rip off. She has done plenty for herself! Nothing but lie, cheat and steal from the taxpayers the poor and anyone else she could squeeze a buck out of. She was scared to debate a socialist in the primary's Speaks volumes
They debated several times. There are tapes. Facts are facts. BTW, where is that illegal vote evidence?
One example 2016 "The Gov Acc Inst points out that the quality of the voter reg data in some states is very poor, with missing and obviously incorrect information. The Inst found 45,880 votes cast by individuals whose dates of birth were more than 115 years before the election.
No, dear. I mean empirical evidence from a non-partisan source. GAI is a Mercer-funded "non-profit" started by Bannon. You really need to
No, we have minds of our own! And are quite able to make an informed decision on our own!
As long as it's  ok with daddy.
Stupidity! Your thinking of your childhood.
Yet I know many conservative Christian women who always vote what their husbands say to vote.  Its not far fetched.
Are they Amish?  That's so ridiculous! I convinced my hubs at Hillary is a POS and to vote for Trump. 
Oh, that reminds me of the time HRC “caved” to pressure from the men around her to go on 60 Minutes and save her husband’s candidacy for president by denying Gennifer Flowers’ claim of a 12 year affair with Bill.
You are not one-tenth the feminist  she and women of her generation are. Hush and let the adults opine.
She isn't agreeing with it. It does happen, Meghan. No one says it is a good thing, but it is real. So is wife beating.
Listen the majority of Americans are Christian in the Christian faith the wife listens to the husband as the husband listens to the wife look at Hillary and Bill Clinton who do you think was running the White House when Bill Clinton was President duh
Any Christians out there that could give this some likes?
MeghanMcCain's comment about HRC is so facetious but sadly some believe it. A true feminist respects herself,  dresses & speaks with dignity & morality... and certainly respects the life of ALL unborn, helpless babies who are totally dependent on their mothers to protect them!
And the rights of all women to choose.

Do you know who's not going to be indicted today? 
We'll see.  One thing for sure; Hills will never be President. 
...yes and i jumped of a cliff because someone told me to.
Hurt yourself?
easier to destroy than it is to build, if not her then whom meghan.... is a beacon of modern feminism?.
She's pretty stupid isn't she?
She's right though, at least where I am with both affluent & not. Nothing to do with feminism, everything to do with lack of independent thinking. They "follow the leader" & many women see men as leaders so they mimic. Sad but true in the midwest.
I see it’s just women not being up on the topics of the day. Sadly, they don’t watch news. They don’t read newspapers as many men do, they’re only informed when said man brings it up. It’s really sad.
I know, right? We have to lead our sisters to equality!
anyone here think@MeghanMcCain would ever say anything positive abt Clinton and did anyone besides McCallum hear Clinton say those things because I don’t think a woman running for office would belittle any particular group of potential voters,also,anyone think trump is pro-woman?
There IS nothing positive to say about Hillary?
People are going be shocked how tepid the @GreatBlueWave is
Yeah I guess someone with 15 followers would not have high expectations. I'd be willing to make a wager on the blue wave's results in Nov 2018. Name the terms.
Thinking Twitter equals real life is exactly the problem.
Assuming someone who is on Twitter is only doing Twitter is also a problem.
Fair point.  Why are we both wasting our time hurling pixels at one another?  The barbarians are at the gates, we both should be manning the walls.
Fair enough but that fails to explain why you need to discriminate. Seems unrelated.
Woohoo Conor Lamb! An eked out win in that District is a blowout! It went to Trump by 20 pts. Even if he lost by that close it would be another indicator of the strength of the blue wave!
I know write a few women who vote as their husband's do, and don't otherwise "do politics", don't do their own reading and don't otherwise bother.
I know 2 that did..to actually quote her "If I didn't he would have cut me off" and I am like..last I checked voting is anonymous, why do you feel you need to tell him anything. She said he pays the bills..get the fuck outta here with that BS
Ya, what a load of crap.
Not a surprise. Some of these same women voted for Roy Moore. I am a white woman from Texas, and my husband and I voted for HRC.
So you voted for the woman who demoralized and demonized all of her husband's flings and knowing this, you wanted her to represent women AND put that KNOWN sexual predator back in the WH?
Enough. She was more qualified and she’s just like all the men who run - slightly narcissistic. Jesus look at what the “feminists” in your party wrought. Wait - there r no feminists in power in your party.  They played Colins and laugh behind her back. So go on. Keep pointing.
Slightly was sarcasm in case you missed it. Your dad may be the only exception.
Your dad was a former presidential nominee, I didn't vote for him, Don't agree with policies, but I still respect him. I don't recall anyone telling him to be quiet after he lost . Perhaps if HRC lost to a real candidate, she would have gone away quietly. Many are mad as hell.
In happens to be true in noneducated low information households. You know- the type of idiots who voted for Trump.
Guess what! Trump is your President! Probably for the next 7 years! #MAGA 
Just more cow chip handed out by the uninformed and weak.  They cannot see the power in the rest of us...empowered women who know our minds  and take responsibility to act on it.   Mercy! Go Meghan, educate the uninformed and weak on the View.
Conservative... in today's world, that's all you need to know about someone of Meghan's ilk.
I know but Meghan is trying to learn how to be relevant. She's young, cut her some slack.
you're seriously the worst person in the world
Well, like it or not, she is right in most of the cases.  Unfortunately
Meghan, did your husband make you vote for Trump? Somehow I doubt that he did?
It's Hillary who does what her husband tells her to do!
She always accuses others of doing what she does.
That's her M.O.  #LockHerUp #LockHerUpAlready #uranium #emails #FBICorruption #Benghazi #WitchHunt #ClintonCash #ClintonCartel #EvilQueen #DrainTheDeepState #TruthMatters
Then she would love Trump, that’s probably her problem she is in love with our amazing president
Worse than a Scorned Woman...
A Scorned Witch with hundreds of millions from working as Secy State for Obama.
#DevinNunes #WitchHunt @LockHerUp4Ever @StormyDaniels 
#mentalhealth #stalking #HRC #WeLoveTrump #WomenForTrump #Donald #MAGATrumpTrain #Schiff #Strzok #Page #McCabeFired
Megan again you show your ignorance
Yeah...right...lmao..I told my husband how to vote...lol..bc I'm the one who keeps up politically..he trusts me..go figure Hillary
Beacon? More like a smoking candle that's been blown out. ah, but she's still smoking.
Really?  ! LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
Look at the election Tuesday.  It’s over for close Republican held seats.  Texas 7 going blue!
SMDH!
Women voted for Trump as they were out of their mind that day. They were probably PMSing I highly doubt it had anything to do with their husbands opinions
You are no better!! Where are your Christian actions??
You all just can't get enough of Hillary, can you?  Pathetic....
Twitter needs a laugh icon....  HRC is so out of touch....
Did you watch, read, listen to the full statement or are you once again forming your hateful vitriol on biased headlines and soundbutes handed to you as a fully formed opinion? You are a disgrace to thinking people.
Says the daughter of the man who chose @SarahPalinUSA as his running mate.  #ZeroCredibility
@DantesBeatrix @marthamaccallum HRC said Trump voters don’t want Blacks rights. Does she mean record numberBlack Trump voters?
I'm really glad you all are objecting to this only because it deserves highligting for those women who WERE TOLD to vote for DT by their husbands, fathers, bosses, and other white, christian, GOP males who DO NOT RESPECT WOMEN's RIGHTS and WOMEN in general. MEN rule in GOP homes.
Now didn't @GOPChairwoman drop her maiden name, Romney, at the request of Trump?
AND she also backed a candidate, raised money for him, who molested young women b/c they're looked upon as possessions in the GOP extending the vote of every GOP male person to their wimmenfolk.
Yes, with one of our partner members of the Qualateral Dialogue...sedition at the least.
HC is so out of it..... I thought HC had a mind of her own,, evidently she does NOT>
I miss you Meghan.
Yep!  She's so smart she knows exactly what is in our brains! WAO!!!!!! BUT I ALSO KNOW WHAT'S IN HER BRAIN ...... A LOT OF HOT AIR!
Where HRC fell down the steps again. No way that woman could’ve been POTUS. She should be in an assisted living home!
How about this? Maj of  white women voted for DJT because they agreed with his racist views on Muslim ban, Mexicans being rapists and were ok with him suggesting the assasination of his candidate. @KellyannePolls  sounds worse doesn’t it?
True
Why does everybody believe everything they read? It’s all crap
You sitting there rolling your eyes today regarding the school walk out made me sad. Listen to them please
Do we have to let her back in?
Not only does my husband not try to convince me how to vote neither did listening  to HRC
Yeah, yeah, and Mexico's gonna pay for the wall too. You all know you can't stand him, but he's your  shining GOP star, so you make excuses for him. Makes me want to throw up.
I think there is a lot of truth in that. Why would women want to vote for him, after all the nasty things he has said regarding women, if they weren’t subjugated to male influence?
Keep educating @TheView 
along w/ all platforms you have! Your voice IS being heard Such a terrific job representing the hard Facts & the underrepresented
Really Meghan? U have nothing to talk about more important then what Clinton is doing some where else in the World? She doesn't run this country/nor does she even have a Government job that could guide this country! So please just stop already!
What it seems is that you are not well versed on the statistics. Look it up. Wives overwhelmingly vote the same as their husbands, and say so in surveys. Maybe educate yourself before jumpstarting an anti-Hillary rant. The woman is smarter than you’ll ever be. Ever.
Please explain the support of this man? I truly don't get it. I don't believe they are "following" the men in their lives. However, doesn't make sense to vote against your own interests.
Not all of the white women. The smart ones voted for Hillary.
I know professional women who voted as their husband said and I know uneducated women who don’t.  I fail to see why Meghan McCain tries to lump feminism in here with this statement.  It has nothing to do with it.  It’s really pretty ugly.
You shouldn’t be judging other women.
Why are u so disrespectful 2 your cohosts on the View. You continue 2 roll your eyes & interrupt them continually when someone disagrees with u. We can’t wait till they fire you. You have no manners what so ever. Please go back 2 FOX.
Judging from some women I know down here, she might have had a point, honestly. Fortunately, many, many knew better:
BREAKING NEWS: Say it with me #Media 1. Trump will NEVER be Presidential, 2. #JohnKelly IS a lying racist douche bag 3. the Only way Gun laws will change is if this is what election day looks like #NationalWalkOutDay #NeverAgain #MarchForOurLives #VOTE  …
My mom did...
For the record not all liberals think that, just like not all conservatives have issues with feminism. Paint brushing gets us nowhere and increases predjudice
Meghan you are a master at taking everything and twisting it to meet one of your political pet peeves. You really are too argumentative to be on the View. You couldn't even give a  thumbs up to the kids walk out today. Instead you said you shouldn't respond today. Grow up
My mom voted for Trump and look what they did to us.
It is one of those sad but true isms… I work with these women as a nurse and yes it is true,their husbands tell him who to vote for. Being a feminist doesn’t mean you have to be blind to what is
Way to spin it. Grasping much? Whatever you can use to make yourself feel better. We see you. And we see right through you.
He spoke like a man, actually confronted the Russians, & was fired by a coward: Who is tougher on the Russians than Obama ? Rex Tillerson.
Honestly, I know a few women where this was the case.
@MeghanMcCain  what are the feminist issues that the women who voted for Trump voted for?
How about limiting the #of bullets like they do with hunting rifles,  3 - 4?
What an insult to women
A husband and wife are one called a family. Once you get married and have children it is your duty to agree on a family decision to support one candidate or another and you both vote alike. If you can't do that then get a divorce, you haven't got what it takes to stay married.
Hillary thinks women just don't have a mind of Their Own. They have to be towed by there men who to vote for. LOL
No one tells me how  to vote.
Yeah becuz the 2 of you are such advocates for women
I can’t speak for all women, but I make my own decisions. #HRCgoaway #
Me too!!
Probably mostly true in certain demographics(trumpers).
What’s wrong with that truth?
Oh yeah, you don’t like it and Hillary said it. 
Truth hurts.
You will never be as bright, intelligent or as classy as Hillary and Chelsea.
Hahahaha that's the best laugh I've had in a long time
Sadly, I think she’s right, at least to a point. I’d never let a man tell me what to do, but I know my own mother would have voted for HRC had my dad been a HRC supporter and not jumped on the Trump train 
Moderate repubs allowed these extremists to gain power and take over the GOP. Dont be getting all weepy when its called out.
Do something to fix it...if its even possible at this point.
What about the far left wackos that have taken over the Democratic party?
WHY are you still talking about Hillary? You realize the presidency is a JOB and not a prize, right? Nobody cares about an election that happened a year ago
She is right meghan. Sorry you neocons cant understand evangelical extremists in your ranks are as sexist/oppressive towards women as other religious extremists. Hell, here in GA i heard a women in line to vote talking about both her husband and her pastor telling her what to do.
Same thing occurs in TN.
Ugh, ugh, ugh.  I don't agree with you so I'm responding  rhe way you did on @TheView today.  Calm down, girl.
Ha the Indians tell their wives what to do and think.  Lame tactic by HRC.  Hope your Papa is feeling better!
So, according to Hilary, Every white woman should be named Edith Bunker????
Do you believe that women have equal voices in our society?
HillaryClinton is a  Drunk
Ok.
How many times does @realDonaldTrump need to keep shitting on ur father before you start to see who's really on ur side? Remind me again why ur a Republican? Especially since they have long ago abandoned small government, state rights, and fiscal responsibility. And morality.
How do you feel about the thousands of Republicans who claim your father should resign because his illness affecting his cognitive abilities? Or that he's not in Washington enough to serve Arizona? Complain about your own party because it's not Democrats saying that.
Like you are? You can't even hold your own on air. You just hufff and puff and stare at people because you aren't smart enough to understand something not given to you by Fox News.
Someone stop her. Please.
Hrc almost fell like 3 times....too much scotch.
I watch The View everyday. It is very frustrating when you all talk over each other. I also watch The Talk and those gals never talk over each other. It makes it appear that you all are disrespectful of each other's opinions. And you can tell Whoopi gets very frustrated. 
Why are you people so obsessed with what she says? You seem to think that she may have a correct observation of the voters in the Republican Party.
I love your response to all these know it alls!!! So tired of Meghan being beat up on!
HRC the feminist that she is believes all bosses are men ...h'm
Funny, isn't that exactly what she did by turning a blind eye as a Tammy Wynette "Stand By Your Man" woman?
Says the woman who only got elected as NY Senator because people felt sorry for her after being humiliated by her husband AND by being appointed SOS in a deal with Obama!  Has she actually done anything on her own???
I thought better of you, dearie.
We got to give it you Meghan...you give those girls a run for the money and you know...you may turning the left a little more right every day!  Thank you!! HOPE YOU ARE BEING PAID THE BIG BUCKS!
She's doing the opposite
#MAGA #KAG #KILLARY
Did you vote for her.
I'm no republican and hella NOT a Trump supporter but I don't agree what she said at all... I'm sure some of those women agreed with Trumps stances on issues. Or just cosign some of the hateful bullshit that spewed from his mouth all on their own. Hillary was wrong.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/blackbritish/permalink/1225022407601408/ …
Do you know why she is speaking in India and other countries?  Because nobody in America will listen to her anymore!
She is a idot!!
This Martha must be nuts and does not know American women
Probably true because most of those woman  are bleach blonde idiots like Meghan McCain
Unlike you, Hillary actually says things rooted in data, research and facts.
I know. Truth hurts. She’s 100% correct. I live in a “blue” part. Must be why I’m not triggered.
And you are what? Neither a beacon nor feminist.  So at least have the class to shut your mouth on things you know nothing about.
Be honest. If you were HRC, you'd have a pretty low opinion of marriage, too.
Lmao if Hillary has a low opinion of marriage I wonder how Melanie feels about it 
And you know this was clarified on today’s The View
Some of us have to think for ourselves bc we don’t have husbands. We still voted Trump.
You are almost as bad as your dad. The traitorous DISGRACE of a man John BENNIDICT ARNOLD McCain.
#irrelevantracist
#FIREkellyanne https://www.facebook.com/newsandguts/posts/355729311498710 …
Not hearing outrage from the Feminists.
No ! Just no.
I’m embarrassed.
That's not untrue, in most cases.
Time to ignore her... same type of hyperbole which Emanates from her opponent in the last election.
So, let me see if I've got this straight. Bill told HRC to vote for Trump. Did she, or is she banned for life from the Arkansas Bimbo Eruption Agency?
This shows a complete lack of self awareness.....it’s embarrassing....

Wake up now or U will b off @TheView soon! Ur constant rudeness is unacceptable. U r condescend 2 @sunny who is smarter & more accomplished than U! Worst campaign ever was your Dad’s choice of Palin! U try 2ignore HRC got 3M more votes! Get it together or #ByeFelicia #ABC_News
"I'm not interested in rehashing Obama..." -- Meghan McCain
Then why'd you bring it up?
I was willing to give you some leeway because you're dealing with your father's illness, which can't be easy, but jeez! At some point you've got to grow up!
HRC is still butthurt over that election, outspending your opponent doesn't always clutch a win..... guess only her opinions on topics are right, everyone else is 100% wrong.
Sorry about your brain injury.
This thread is so unbelievable...get over clinton, intimidated by strong women, good gosh I am embarrassed by this vindictive sexual deviance enabler and hater of average no silver spoon women. Her condescending hatred is palpable.
Many women do vote the way their husbands do
Does she not realize she's a white female who cowered under her husband's sexual deviance for financial and political gain...she walked behind him accusing the horrible white women who ruined her poor unwitting husband
Does that mean you support the man who repeatedly mocks your father?  The coward, libertine and deadbeat Trump sells America out to Russia, and this is what you worry about.
You’re so right. Hillary’s a fake feminist, because no real feminist would complain about women who let their husbands control them. Real feminists, like you Meghan, don’t call that sort of thing out, because you know it’s perfectly natural for women to vote how they’re told to.
Actually she said they voted that way in part because the men in their lives "pressured" them to--not "told them to". The qualifier of "in part" got dropped and the verb changed. It works both ways and I doubt my husband would have voted against Trump if I hadn't pressured him.
Someone please convince this poor, old woman it's time to go away!  Can't take her.
You said yesterday on @TheView  to @WhoopiGoldberg and @JoyVBehar  that you didn't consider yourself a feminist? You can't have it both ways.
She’s a troll. Notice how she has one personality on the show and a completely different one on Twitter? She’s not acting in good faith.
Sarcasm does not become you.
Context of and exact quote, please.
Again - always telling what you find the time to comment on ... meanwhile, Rome burns
This will not happen again. Trump will not be re-elected..
I don't pay attention to anything HRC says. It's all lies & nonsense anyways !
#NOT
HRC is so bitter, negative, and jealous and has the perfect opportunity to be an inspiration. She can’t accept that people may want someone other than her.
I watch The View daily and enjoy hearing all the views. However coming from a very large republican family, HRC is not too far off on this.   Perhaps it depends on which generation?
How would she know what was being said in the private lives of white women? More illegal surveillance of Americans just revealed?

That also means she spied on minority women and knows that their male relatives didn’t do this!
Well, she’s probably right.
@MeghanMcCain you are simply better than this. Where did HRC actually say what Times of India claims she said? Maybe she did or didn’t but until the actual quote and source it’s hearsay.
No.But then again who is?
Ugh.  Give it a rest
Again, so petty and bitter. Sorry you’re so unhappy.
Why are you so snippy & dismissive? Others may have opinions that are correct. In spite of the dozens of times you tell us how experienced you are, it isn’t showing. You’re looking like a 
petty, biased, petulant child. I love it when you slow down and think before speaking
@KellyannePolls @marthamaccallum  I used to like your fsthet, no mord, he's more of a liberal Democrat then some dems!
Yeah... that is what it was.... men control my thoughts..hahaha
And what do u consider yourself?
The sad thing is that she really believes that.  And we almost elected this immensely out of touch person.
I guess the women who went out and voted for a serial sexual assaulter who bragged about pussy grabbing and fucked a porn star while his third wife was at home with his infant son were all just paragons of feminism and women's empowerment huh Meghan 
You need to meet some of these women then. They were holding “repeal the 19th Amendment” signs at the rallies, believe that it’s their duty to obey their husbands. I wish I was kidding however there is a segment of the population for whom this is true.
I don't get your point. She's right. There are stats to prove this. Obviously not all women but statistically there was a percentage who voted Republican because their husbands did. Just because it offends you (as it should) doesn't mean you can direct your anger to HRC for this.
Three crazy’s from Spokane Washington. We left our husband at home.  They vote how we tell them to. Lmao
HRC blazed a trail. You do fuck-all for women. Get it straight. She got where she got through smarts and drive; you got where you got because daddy.
No disrespect intended, but in all fairness, perhaps those who don't consider themselves feminists should not pass judgement or criticize those that do.
What are you doing onThe View ? I tuned in for 10 minutes , what a waste of my time.
Don't forget Michelle O said the same thing.
based on the research, it's true. Sorry the truth hurts.
