Conway to children at Easter Egg Roll: “Girls, we left open the first female president of the United States job" http://hill.cm/CiewrsX  
When did you lose your dignity, self respect and loyalty to your country?
We also left open a jail cell door for you
For the child trafficking Clinton Cartel.
Seems to me RUSSIA made the office open from where we are sitting, Kellyanne Conjob. #TheResistance
RUSSIA FAILED HITLERY! She conspired to rig the election w Puttin while she was selling off OUR uranium for her FAKE Clinton orgs.Fake is all you know though.
Nice language Another class-act Dipocrap
Go climb a wall. Oh... I reported youthanks bubba
You think you’d fare better if we argue trump policy on its merits??? You should embrace immature swearing and name calling. It’s your best chance at a competitive discussion.
You have an http://MSN.com  email. That tells everyone all we need to know.
Why don’t you take your MASSIVE FOLLOWING ( 12) and go RETWEET some more idiots?

Haters are running out of hot air, seeing things improving in spite of their hatred, and trolling for new relevance with shameless personal attacks on good people that have done nothing but work for the greater good of America. Great job, Kellyannne!  Hang in there!
#QueenOfTheLeakers #MethBarbie #Complicit #MyDaughtersWillNeverLookUpToMe

Huh? What toddler are you nominating for president?
One clue ... NOT YOU
The best line from the Number 1 leaker, and I agree with you about Ivanka and Jared.
TV said it , so Dems are ALL OVER ITLike they care
I’m fairly confident that the author of a pro Trump book said it.
It is NOT... she aswered it, but why ever believe anything a TOP ADVISER  TO POTUS  has to say? Dems believe if you are Rep. you are guilty from the start.
The President lies daily, why would anyone believe her?
You believed EVERYTHING THAT MUSLIM OBAMA SAID! “ KEEP YOUR DOCTOR”
Obama is not a Muslim. Perhaps if you had an open mind and got over your fear you could recognize that.

Hey Kelly Ann, can you let President Trump — the ultimate business man — know that  he is creating havoc with the stock market!  Can’t believe he is intentionally doing his. He is killing the middle class and I am starting to lose faith in his business acumen!!
Starting to? Lol
Thank the Good Lord above it's "still open"
Pretty generic. I am certain the Good Lord doesn't approve of abortion - neither does the GOP. Say hi to Killary.
Please tell me where it says anything in the bible about abortion.. it doesn't
I won't dignify that question / opinion with a reply.
Because you know it doesn't.. and there for have nothing to say in response.. it's ok I don't ask questions I don't already know the answer to on here
My favorite thing OUR President has ever said was "I don't have time for total PC & neither does this country." True. So that said - quit being STUPID.
Leaker
Just the way Trump likes em.

Are you still a thing? Don’t you have leaking to do or are golden shores your bosses thing?
That’s right , you heard it on TV , so it MUST BE right then
Sinclair or Fox?
No, what winds me up is lying, immorality, and stupidity. You know, Trump, you, and other sycophants.
Morals are not your top qualities as Demarats. Are they?
How does it feel to lose all credibility?
WAIT. WHAT? She had some? Damnitall I must have missed it!
What do you mean "WE" left it open.  It's open regardless of you.
AMERICAN!!! 
She only 51?  I thought she was 81.
Your wife doesn’t look as good as her
Surely you'll be released before 2056, Kelleyanne. Maybe some treatment is in order.
Ugh. You could be such a great role model. But you choose the low path every. single. time.
2020. And she’ll be Democrat.
Someone should pour water on you and melt you!
First female presidential election campaign manager to conspire with Russia.  @RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell @RepMaxineWaters #AlternativeFacts
Girls must be a bit confused about your message since they're smart enough to know that you work for a misogynist
I’m sorry: are you proposing we not have a female president until the year 2056? You’ll be drooling in a prison nursing home then, by the way.
You are as awful as Sarah Sanders. You have no idea what to even say to children.
Shut up and go back to sleep Kellyanne.
You need to see a psychiatrist.
Who me? Why’s that?
Conway is a master of sophistry. A shameful political opportunist. She knows Trump is unfit for office but likely will put in her two years and then cash in
You mean like Hitlery and Billdo after STEALING WH furniture and silverware? Or like obama now is worth 17 million on less than a million a year job?
But see Obama was already famous before getting elected president. His book made him rich. Anyway, the big difference is that Obama actually had core political goals. Conway is an ideologically amorphous operative. She has no core. She just wants to be in the White House.
But that is her hustle. She probably goes home and laughs about Trump’s foolishness with her husband, who clearly despises the president
Great interview with #FoxNews beautiful family #family great work!
How do you look yourself in the mirror. Or do you have an "alternative" one. All the lies and misrepresentations will come back to haunt you and this administration.
What a leader for women you are. This witch doesn’t want a women president till 2056! She’s burn in Hell.
You called Obama a liar for saying, "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor." What did you call @realDonaldTrump when he said, "Mexico is going to pay for the wall?"
FYI, HE IS STILL THERE 6+ more years#maga
Twit
so u politicized an easter egg hunt. how ugly can you get?
She ugly as shit ...
# 1 leaker!!
Hey atlest your 1 in something
What? You guys are banning women from becoming president for 38 years? WOW
Tasteless, classless as usual
Really? At the Egg Roll? Know your role
For a second I thought it was April Fools..anyway is there drugs being sold at the White House these peeps are getting really delusional. This is scary.
Are you really suggesting that we have to wait another 40 years for the first woman President? 

I dont think so! 

If you want to be inspired by a woman....check this lady out:
That long huh?
U used to refer to your children a lot. U don't now. That is because they have suffered greatly due to the choices YOU have made. Trouble in school, professional intervention. Don't EVER hold yourself up as a women who is doing "it all". All U have done is ruined their lives.
Great job, Kellyanne!  Haters cannot attack lower unemployment, improving economy, and improving approval rating stats, so they can only attack our President and his messengers.  Hang in there, girl!  MAGA!
What a class act. 
The year you get out of Prison! Perfect...but, sadly, you won't be able to vote...
Because it will take that long to dismantle your bosses mess and clean up the bigotry and sexism he leaves in his wake.
Sit down or just go away.
Almost all of these comments are by mean-spirited Dipocraps. You guys need to go to church and heal your misserable souls
God, you are awful.
What are you talking about?! I loved the Alien movies!
What an awful thing for an adult to say to a child. You have no moral compass whatsoever.
President Kamala Harris. 2020
I smell a fired crypt keeper.... 2018....
Anyone of them would be a better president than Hillary would’ve made
C0N- wat in her usual habits
Vile you are.
How many years will you have been in prison by then, dear?
Is that considered a leak?
Can't wait to see how arrogant you are when you're all exposed and indicted
And they have NO IDEA what the fuck you are talking about.
#GutterBarbie

God this is the most petty group of people ever in DC. And that’s saying something. Wow.
When it gets as bad as sending the DOJ to Ne. B/c obama didn’t like a homemade raft( it had Pres. Obama’s libary in an outhouse:-) You are right though you cannot get as low as that.
Its like you’re just stringing random words together lol

You are doing a great job kellyanne God bless you for your dedication.
I like your husband. He can do better
@KellyannePolls  will never be more than sick and disgusting
@KellyannePolls 2056 is 38 years away! As a woman in politics I would hope that you would expect a female president long before 2056. That is 10 elections from now!
You were sooo funny on “The President’s show” on Comedy Central! You sure looked a lot younger too!
Kellyanne hate to tell you this. You ran a very corrupt campaign with Trump & hopefully your involvement with Cambridge Analytical & Jared Kushner will get you some jail time. However Americans know you are being paid right now for doing nothing.Sorry to say Easter = no Holloween
牛逼克拉斯
Way To Say WE WON!! 
Let’s make it already in 2018. The sooner the better.
Cool so Trump only set us back 40 years. Feels like more.
You are no role model for children and certainly the president is no role model for children... History will expose how empty and heartless.. you and @realDonaldTrump are... History is not going to be kind to you and yours.
Even on Easter you can't help yourself from gloating in front of some children... you can't even understand how terrible you are... You, just like the President, have no empathy. You can't even be a nice person to children?
LOL.

You rock.
Yep. We skipped electing a qualified woman to elect this
You are a leaker so let’s get rid of trump.
.....to a woman with integrity and grit, not @HillaryClinton !!!
Leaker!
You're a horrible role model for children.... you really shouldn't talk to them.  Especially your own. 
Are you really proud of your tweet?! Wow, so immature and still so obsessed with HRC.
Kellyanne you are a delight! Just what we need right now. Go for it!
It is so transparent how Two Tongued Trump speaks out of both sides of his mouth!!!  When in OH, PA. FL. How awfull everything is and how he is going to magically change it when in DC it is completely about obstructing and destroying everything that has to do with democracy
At least you have lofty goals for women. A female president by 2056?! Who’d have thunk it. Just clear it with the men first though. I’m sure your boss and his followers will have something to say about a female president, with the monthly craziness and instability? Maybe vp?
Thank God, Kellyanne!  I shutter to think where we’d me today.  Here’s my favorite story about you-know-who:
You're a complete loser.perfect resume for the Dump Administration. Can't you just put your BS aside for one day? Hopefully you weren't stirring  your cauldron while talking to them. U had some choice words for your boss before he hired u. Guessing your beliefs don't run too deep

Aren’t you just precious? 

Give your vagina back. 

You’re not worthy.
News from The Biggest Leaker of info at the White House! Loose Lips sink ships!!
Heard you’ve been leaking... 
Violate the Hatch Act lately or any other laws? 
#PropagandaWhore #Liar
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT A SKELATOR LOOKING LEAKER!!! BOOK COMES OUT TOMORROW AND EVERYONE WILL KNOW WHAT A TWO FACED TRUMPET YOU REALLY ARE.
Kelly Anne should just shut her trap!
You and your ilk have probably made it impossible for a woman to be President. We’ll probably have old, white men as president for another century. Thanks KAC.
You left this one open too. #BanKellyanne
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
Back to your home.
And that could be STORMY!
We love you Kellyanne. Keep up the great work.
How many puppies have you tried to kidnap today?
Do you hate trump as much as your husband does?
LEAKER....YUGE LEAKER
What a dipshit. Please never mention you are from NJ. We disown you.
You are SO CLASSY
I will assume you are talking to @KellyannePolls
Tell your husband to stay off Twitter - from a Trump Supporter
You have a very unhealthy obsession with Clinton. So much so that you believed it was fine to commit treason against the United States of America. BTW- is George your husband or ex-husband? Regardless- you ruined your children's lives.
Big mistake

Rex was right. #MAGA
This is how children reacted when they saw your ugly, Cruella Deville face, Cons-her-way:
Amen
Love ya Kellyanne, stay true darlin, we're behind you....
you are so gross
You are an awful human being

Do qualifications mean anything?!? Fuuuuuuuuuuuck that. What an absolute joke. Have a little respect for our country.

Hard working intelligent woman .Thank you for your dedication,commitment and loyalty to POTUS.He needs more like you around him to protect him and the agenda for America.Sessions needs to move faster between now and midterms.WE NEED MORE GOP or Independents willing to care 4 USA
when working FOR the American people a real prez and his agenda need no "protection" truly a banana republic concept.
Screaming? Trump hounded Obama for 8 years, Rs posted pics of lynchings, no one called for his aides to "protect" him. He could stand on his own, he could advance his policies. He never disgraced the presidency.
really?NEVER DISGRACED the Presidency?He lied about ACA,he did a world wide Apology tour,he allowed Muslim brotherhood into high ranking positions in the administration,he gave billions to our enemies,he sold weapons to ISIS and the CARTELS at the border,he got people killed.
Wow what a great statement!
Actually you stole it from her so maybe one of these egg rollers won't have Russian interference and collusion next time...

But you didn't warn them that you would fight tooth and nail against them if they didn't run as @GOP candidates. At least you didn't try to campaign TO them, like @POTUS did. Poor kids probably didn't know what hit them.
Don’t talk to young girls, you’ll scare the hell of of them Ms. Conjob
You are gross and 2020.
Woof
2016, ex the Russian collusion.
So Kellyanne what would those girls have to do. Be subservient to the white men in a political party. Would they have to join a Republican Party. Would they have to be Caucasian. Would they have to be a part of Trump's tribe or the RED Machine. Hope opening is 2020 women 
Thinking on your eating ice cream #comment was there a subtext to that suggesting people use #cannabis in a medicinal or therapeutic way, have their appetite increased as a side effect and enjoy some #snacks rather than do other #drugs or even alcohol
Everyone is a political target for reptards, children at an easter egg roll and your reprehensible boss to boy scouts. You need to indoctrinate earlier, maternity ward or maybe, at conception.

lol. Hope you not going to try and fill the position?  And please don’t give young women advice.
I believe you would make an awesome President. But after President Trump has retired.
Repulsive comment.  And I’ve always respected you before.
Hi five!!!
ok?!
Really? Not sure about that...
No fucking way in hell
Wow.  Completely f@cking tone deaf
Hmmm---2056, It that because we will have to recover from being taken back 30+ years from this Administration?
Yup left it open for the worst idiot ever to take the job. Can't even keep his own staff that HE picked! So much for "picking all the right people" lmao
savage LUL
Gosh can’t imagine the one who scares ugly being #POTUS.
“She’s the cockroach of my administration. Please welcome the lone survivor of the Bowling Green Massacre, Kellyanne Conway!”
Kellyanne.. 2024.

Trump is about to tariff himself and the GOP out of office. China has issued tariffs which mostly affect Republican states. Every tariff Trump imposes will directly cause his own base to be the recipients of foreign retaliatory tariffs. It’s called the “Art of the Deal”!
Follow back Possible

Your obsession is creepy.
How can there be racism when there are no pure races anymore. I'm not white, no one is black, or whatever. We are all biracial. Everyone is a different color.
Drip.
Drip.
Drip.

We've got to open up that leak and get to the bottom of where all this racism and violence originates.
Shes so nasty
Piglet
You are an awesome woman and a great spokesperson to our prez keep up the awesome work lov ya!!

Really classy!  Sounds like something a #leaker would say!  Can’t believe @realDonaldTrump is still keeping you around!
And she will be a strong compassionate and smart president, not like the wannabe dictator we have now. Hurry up Mueller
Saved it for a worthy individual, not for an influence-peddling charade like HRC.
Cause you and Russia shit canned Hilary to let that buffoon ru(i)n this country.
You are such a C.
Oh, none would tweet this for u? This is one of our great members of the RCE( Republican Criminal Enterprise of the United States)! Bit_h!
Exactly!  There are plenty of qualified females with no corruption.
Fun fact. Google who @KellyannePolls grandfather was.

Gawd your getting uglier
Assuming your boss doesn’t us nuked or burns the country to the ground before then.
Why do you still have a job
#FakeNews #bigot #Loser #tinypenis #smegma #ImpeachTrump #LockHimUp #collusion #shithole @realDonaldTrump 
Guess what? It will never be you bilious harpy.
Your blonde we can tell!
Forgot to mention Trump had to sell his soul to the devil to do it.
& thanks to your corrupt, inept boss sooner than you think
Leaky!
That’s great to bad it’s not going to be a republican 
giving encouragement to todays future. thats awesome it really is. the last thing i remember our previous prez say was "these jobs aint coming back". but now we have a prez that talks about work and progress. good times are here again MAGA
Kellyanne do you  value the position at the White House more than your credibility and your profesional career.  It is obvious you are sleep depraved. You are beautiful woman, intelligent, knowledgeable. You may have a great salary., however, compare now & before you enter the WH
I love Kellyanne Conway! Hopefully your 54th birthday will be #Trump2020 inauguration on 01/20/2021!



No more Hillary though.
2020 - Kamala Harris.
#NotMyPresident 
#Idiot
#KathyGriffin

