
That actually it led back the Clintons.
My guess is you were dropped on your head. 19 indictments and 5 arrests all lead to Trump. Please seek help.
I think he is more so than your orange Satan.
Trump did not start race war unlike Obama.  Obama  has one was part church that hate jews and really hate white.
For the record, how quickly did you give up when the #StableGenius demanded you scrub your identity of the Romney family name?
Ronna and Sarah are their own persons, making their own careers with the name they share with their children, as many, many women do.
Ronna went by Ronna Romney McDaniel when she campaigned for @GOP chair & continued to do so after her coronation...until she met with Trump.
She proved she'll whore herself out for Trump despite the consequences to their children as many, many MAGAt women do.
Yes, stand up for..

White House gender pay gap more than triples under Trump - The Washington Post
And...

State Department report will trim language on women's rights, discrimination
And this is another fine example of Republicans standing up for women...

Schools began ignoring rape reports after DeVos' campus sexual assault policy changes, lawsuit says https://www.dailykos.com/story/2018/1/29/1736910/-Schools-began-ignoring-rape-reports-after-DeVos-campus-sexual-assault-policy-changes-lawsuit-says … …
Another fine example of how much Trump and the GOP value women....

95% of Trump's U.S. Attorney Picks Are Men, As Are 80% of All His Nominees - Numerous executive branch departments have not had a single woman nominated to their ranks.
Trump’s Cabinet So Far Is More White and Male Than Any First Cabinet Since Reagan’s - The New York Times
Trump eviscerates health insurance birth control mandate
Donald Trump’s Presidency Is an Assault on Women | Foreign Policy
It’s an assault on humanity.
The women molested by #RoyMoore as girls needed you all to stand up for them, you didn’t!
The women sexually assaulted by #Trump needed you all to speak up for them, you didn’t.
Women all over America needed you to stand up and speak out against a POTUS who speaks of women in the most pejorative terms. You failed.
Trump made Ronna change her last name from Romney to McDaniel as well  
And she did it... this is Ryan levels of spineless
I did speak up by leaving the Republican party.
Thank you ladies!
And hang in there, Stormy, Summer, and Karen.
And Monica, Jennifer, Paula, Juanita, and few more (Bill Clinton)!
And Kristin, Mariah, Lisa, Rachel, Tasha, Jessica D., Jill, Cathy, Samantha, Ninni, Jessica L., Melinda, Cassandra, Natasha, Bridget, Temple, Karena, and Ivana.
.... and probably Ivanka.
Oh I am for sure doing that! I left the Republican Party.
Me, too.
Same.
As #WomansHistoryMonth comes to a close, I want to remind the GOP Chairwoman and all Republican women out there: real women do not support a party that supports pedophiles, rapists, and sexual assault. Give up the GOP and stand up for women!
Then why did you support Bill Clinton?
given your boss I do not believe you should mention women and come in the same sentence
As if those women came...
True.. my bad
It’s not conservative women’s history month.
Bot
Women will win.
Never mess with mama bear. You'll lose every time! Great response!
Yes, Rosanne Barr, she means YOU.
I know three conservative women in Florida who dropped your party after Trump won the nomination.  They could not stomach the assaults on women's dignity and could not defend Trump to their children.
Could they stomach what Bill Clinton did? Ask Juanita, Paula, Jennifer, and Monica or don't they count because he is a Democrat?
If they were GOP in sure they didn't. Way to go proving that you are stupid af. Oh let me throw in Clinton because something was mentioned about Trump. You really tried it woman. You really did.
And remember that the GOp chair had to change her name so youd not know she wasn't Christian.
No chance of that anyway even without the name change.

BILL CLINTON!
I wasnt old enough to vote back then, you old crone
The difference, Wanda? All of you sticking up for sexual molesting, adulterer Trump are all screaming about being such good Christians. #FakeChristians #godiswatchingyou #8thcommandment
Dear Ronna, who let you out of your cage today?  Love Mom

 What kind of CRUEL JOKE are you playing, WOMAN who SUPPORTS this MAN 

The 19 Women Who Accused @realDonaldTrump of Sexual Assault.
@realDonaldTrump and ACCUSATIONS OF SEXUAL MISCONDUCT: The COMPLETE LIST
A RUNNING LIST of the WOMEN who've accused @realDonaldTrump of SEXUAL ASSAULT https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/a-running-list-of-all-the-women-whove-accused-donald-trump-of-sexual-assault_us_57ffae1fe4b0162c043a7212?ncid=engmodushpmg00000004 … via @HuffPostWomen
The stunningly long list of women who've accused Trump of sexual assault https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/12/all-women-whove-accused-trump-sexual-assault/ … via @MotherJones
 Your guy BOASTS about WALKING IN on NAKED WOMEN/TEENS changing clothes for his beauty pageants....
 Have you HEARD how he SEXUALLY OBJECTIFIES his OWN DAUGHTER?
@realDonaldTrump Has Objectified A Lot Of Women On The Howard Stern Show - @HuffPost
 Donald Trump has a long history of DEMEANING, OBJECTIFYING, and INSULTING WOMEN....
Maybe you should try this again and invite all women to be celebrated no matter their politics and invite all to use their voice. GOP complains about partisanship and then tweets partisan celebrations of women voices.
If this was about liberals everyone would be celebrating. Why hate?
No I wouldn't be celebrating. If any voice is left out, we are lesser for it. And just because I am calling for inclusion of all voices is not hating.
Liberal voices are encouraged and praised. But not conservatives. The point of this tweet was to include conservatives that are women. I thought I was the only one for a while.
I am sorry you feel like the only conservative voice. No one deserves to feel alone. But the GOP chairwoman calling for conservative women to speak up is not being inclusive. She is calling for her own to speak up, excluding those who she disagrees with.
I do understand what you are saying. But I feel this inclusion concept gets ignored. Like when people say "black lives matter" what about white? No one complains. But when its about conservatives people get upset. At least that what ive seen.
When you say your heart health matters because heart issues run in your family, are you saying that your mind or your stomach doesn't matter? Or are you saying there is a specific problem that needs your attention to ensure the health of the whole body?
yes this is what I mean. Saying something to a specific group of people doesn't mean that the others dont matter. Every woman matters. But saying "conservative" doesnt mean "only conservative" I think we are agreeing a little
And of course, don’t believe any woman who says she was harassed by @realDonaldTrump.
They were allegations. No proof. Innocent until proven guilty. Seeing how much some women hate Trump it makes sense they could lie.
Eighteen seperate women lied? Trump threatened to sue each one, sued none. And one case against him is heading to court.
I think there are far more women that hate trump than 18. And... maybe their not lying... but that doesnt mean that we can accuse someone of crimes without proof
Then why the non-disclosures? Let’s see what comes of the Zervos case.
Honestly I think we should sit tight and not blame when we don't even know the facts. If they were raped, that absolutely horrible. But there is no evidence that he did.
Too bad your boss is zero respect for women. #Fact
I said same about Bill Clinton.
Your boss told you to change your name.

Call us back when you learn to speak up, Ronna Romney McDaniel.
Notice she doesn't refer to these folks as Republicans? Is she ashamed of that tag? No reasonable person has an issue with conservatives. We have an issue with Rs. They are complicit with tRump in his criminal enterprise. #RICOLaws
Thanks for standing up for the women that have stood up to Trump, a self proclaimed groper...wait never mind...#WomensHistoryMonth2018
Did you stand up to Bill Clinton?  Oh no he is a Democrat!
This comment has zero to do with being a woman...You’ve  lost your woman card!
Who are  you to judge ! You lose your as well
When I diminish women...I’ll gladly give up my card, but facts judge & not me. Besides, I choose not to be schooled by ignorant #Trolls
Little known fact - conservatives control all three branches of the federal government and most of the state houses.

If conservatives are being oppressed, I am not sure who is doing it.
liberals are doing it



El retort perfecto. Or something like that.
“Don’t give up” said the woman who gave up her family name at the request of a sexually abusive man.
The @GOP want women in one place and one place only.
Kill baby and let world sleep around .Let not make woman make  ok to have one stand  or have sex outside marriage.
-
This is the stuff of nightmares!
There are thousands of conservatives that are speaking out and not giving up against the hatred and immorality of this current Republican Party that has lost their moral compass
I may be liberal but I’m not so blind to ignore that not all conservatives are on board with this absurd administration. We may not agree on everything but I see you as rational people and respect you.
Thanks to INSANE RACIST @realDonaldTrump , many of us FORMER Republicans are beginning to see it your way...
Way to play into the divisive rhetoric, Ronna Romney
Trump isn't a "faulty vessel" repping God   ........ He's just a faulty vessel Ronna.
What are conservative women advocating for these days? Having their crotches grabbed without their consent?
Lmao! Speak what? Lies?
Oh, hey--bet you know the answer to this as the GOP Chairwoman: When is the party going to investigate the 16+ credible allegations of sexual assault by Donald J. Trump?
Really Ronna Romney? Really?
How divisive of you.
Will you speak-up for the women that are making accusations of being sexually assaulted by #Trump
#Conservative or not, you still share, would should be a common bond ...
Those are accusations, no proof.
Stand with victims of rape and return campaign contributions from Steve Wynn, Ronna Romney McDaniel.
All the college educated women are abandoning the GOP. Can't imagine why.
Definitely gotta speak up. Especially with this guy hanging around.
What a legacy. If @realDonaldTrump bothered to look in a mirror he would realized why it's not offered and why he feels the need to take it!

This tweet appears to be a coded cry for help. We all know the Conservative advice to women is: give it up, sit down and shut up. I will monitor your tweets for further clues.
If that was directed towards me I have the flu and mistakenly retweeted that no need to “monitor “ anything
Not you. It was for the original post. I hope you get well soon
Actually I did retweet it by mistake so yeah I’m kinda guilty lol
Haha. Okay, that is probably how it showed on my time line
I guess no more fevered tweeting for me 
Have a whiskey and watch a movie with a happy message. 
Ok thank you I will
Any update on what you’re doing with Wynn’s donations to RNC? Since we’re all for #WomensHistoryMonth and everything. Thanks!
I hear you--I get so tired of arguing with liberal bias snowflakes! They are so boring!
No worries. Those of us who are horrified by the GOP are speaking out as loud as we can.
The GOP need women more than ever to vote out Republicans and vote in Democrats in November 2018.
How do you square that with your refusal to return Steve Wynn’s money?

Seems like you’re talking out of both sides of your mouth.

I didn’t realize it was conservative women’s history month.
You stood up for yourself by dropping "Romney"? Because Donnie doesn't like it? Please.
This goes for ALL women. Why speak for only half?
LETS VOTE RONNA OUT!! SHE'S ONLY THERE BECAUSE SHE'S THE NIECE OF MITT ROMNEY!!
#VoteThemOut2018
#TheResistance2018
#BlueWave2018
I would like to remind all the conservative women that the rights for women’s votes did not come from conservatives.
If a democrat woman would make this statement You would rant and rave for days
You mean the same “conservative” women that support pussy grabbers and sexual predators?
You mean Bill Clinton who is a Democrat? Check out Monica, Jennifer, Paula, and Juanita.
Let me know where Clinton was recorded bragging about abusing women and then morons voted for him anyways... I'll wait 
No self respecting woman is with today’s Republican Party.
It’s funny you retweeted this Kellyanne. Being that your husband has been RT anti trump stuff all week. I like him: you got a good one

Must be all the above!
Of course you do, your numbers are thin due to the lack of values and morals y’all hold up to lately!

Thank you, Ronna. Without strong conservative women like you, credibly alleged child molesting senate candidates will become social outcasts and unelectable. This cannot be allowed to happen. #WomensHistoryMonth
As #WomensHistoryMonth comes to a close, I want to remind all the conservative women out there: don't give up, stand up, and speak up. We need you now more than ever.
Sixteen women sexually abused by the Predator-in-Chief have spoken up; any words for them? @realDonaldTrump
There is nothing 'conservative' about the present GOP. Y'all will destroy destroy everything.
It takes a village to endorse and give money to pedophiles and keep the contributions of a serial sexual assaulter.  What a fraud you are, lady.
Women like you that believe in kissing trumps ass and loosing your last name in order to please him and say that anyone that don't like him hates the country? No we need less of those.
What, stand up so the @GOP men can beat you back down as they try to do to women on a daily basis?
Hey Ronna, when do you plan on returning rapist Steve Wynn's donations?
Why do you still support Steve Wynn ? 
You could donate all of his money to a shelter but you wont.

Woman says she had Steve Wynn's child after rape, according to police report
Why did you change your last name, Romney?! Did Trump grab you by the .....?! #WomensHistoryMonth
And don’t forget: speaking up about and standing up to sexual assault and harassment—no matter how powerful the person who did it might be—is a conservative position, too.
If true, how are you all failing to mention your sexual predator president?
She needs to use some of the already misappropriated RNC money and buy herself a package.
Been a republican since 1980. This is NOT my party and you do not represent me! The Republican Party has become a joke that will last for decades! And you will be blamed for letting it happen. Let that sink in!
How can any woman who respects  them-self, and the rights of all women, honestly support your leader and party?
The @GOP has nothing to do with true conservatism. Your entire party has sold its soul to a deranged madman in a desperate quest for power. History will remember your treachery against both your gender and your country.
So you want "conservative" women to campaign against women's rights? Are you on massive amounts of drugs?
You are despicable!! Your father should be ashamed.
Ronna, does not your bible talk about inclusion of all women or only conservative women?
I hear Trump wants to hire back Rob Porter.  You okay with that?
Phew...so happy my Republican husband is so disgusted by the GOP that he is switching to a democrat. Bye now....

 and cheers love 

Why only conservative women?
Move to the bright side.  Democrats are better for women and families.
Really , how
Equal pay, for starters. Better funding for schools and healthcare, too. Read more here:
You sure triggered a lot of snowflakes.
..... to put aside your self worth and do exactly what white men tell you.

There , I fixed it for you to meet the GOP standards.
Hmm.  But, hiding your birth name is not exactly standing up for much of anything. Perhaps being  a ROMNEY may not make you as marketable as you’d like to be?  Your uncle must be proud.
Ronna Romney you need to be ashamed of yourself. Wanting conservative women to speak up abt what. When are you going to return the money Steve Wynn donated to the RNC? Where's your moral compass? Shame on you.
We need them to #Resist against this shitty president we have #RonnaRomney
Let's see, you conservatives can't stand up for fiscal responsibility, morality, second amendment rights or Christianity. What will they stand up for?
What should other women do?
That is unless you’ve slept with @realDonaldTrump in the last 10 years. Then just clam up and wait for your hush payment!
You certainly sound divisive here.  Your boss is simply repulsive.  Glad I’m no longer a Republican.
You bowed down to your master and dumped your ROMNEY name you can’t even stand up to 45 the blue wave is coming
Here it is...
I'm one of them. And I have left any thought of voting for another GOP candidate as a result of your enabling Trump and other deplorable human beings. Morals, human decency, fiscal conservatism. Those all matter to me. And the @GOP represents none of that. Sad.
We absolutely need conservative women to stand up for what’s right. What’s decent. Conservative women need to stand up to Trump and keep the Republican Party a sane party
They can’t keep it sane.  It’s sadly left that building.  They can only hope to return it to sanity.  And I hope they do.  Good, thoughtful GOP voices are important for compromise.
She's still at it, I see. Now she's begging. This is not a good look. I smell desperation and it reeks.
Did someone take their rubles back?
It's women like you that PREVENT women making history.
How Progressive of you to deny her history making actions by denouncing them. Pathetic pinkpussyhat RESISTANCE INSANITY.
What's she done beyond helping a womanizer get elected?
What do you do besides HATE? Just another unstable Progressive demonizing women that you don't agree with.
Answered my question with a question. Seriously... What has she done to help society?
Sure, when the GOP stops supporting  pedophiles for office, pardoning and abetting racists stops bowing to the NRA and when the party platform supports the right of choice for women . Until then...have a nice day!
To all the GOP women out there... the religious right needs you now more than ever!!!

“I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.” ~President Trump https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/979829565551005701 …
And do whatever the men tell you to do! LMAO
From the woman that changed her NAME for a man who isn't her husband. Women, there's no place for you in a GOP that had a sexual assaulter as treasurer, supports a child molester, TWO State chairs convicted of child sex trafficking & is led by serial philanderer/sexual assaulter.
So grateful that every conservative woman I know is not loyal to your hateful party. They are standing up, speaking out & running away from you. 



PS My ancestors helped start the women's rights movement. Your anti-woman agenda is an embarrassment to this country.
Wait! Aren’t women in the Republican world supposed to sit down and be quiet? I mean, unless they are a stripper or hooker?
Just don’t stand up near Trump, he has been known to grab women by the p*ssy!
I’d like to remind you that being Conservative doesn’t have to mean you are a terrible person. If you believe in equality for ALL then you are good. But... I’m guessing you don’t. 
Your time is up, sweetheart.  Sit down.
Take @therealroseanne lead and grab your own pussy. While.singing.the.national.anthem...

Proud #IndependentWoman
You certainly are divisive today.
Especially those with outstanding charges against @realDonaldTrump ?
Poll: Americans believe women over Trump on affair allegations
Amen #Republicans #Conservatives #Christians  #womenwhovotetrump ARE the deciding #VOTE, #women who will NO longer be oppressed by #liberals #feminists & @TheDemocrats #mafia. WE vote for #FamilyValues. WE vote for #MAGA candidates who will uphold those values! #Elections2018
I left in 2008 when realized u were no longer party my parents could believe in & reality of ur policies that are anti-woman set in. Education, economic, & social policies of the GOP leave women in second place. I may not be registered as a DEM, but I now vote that way! #noparty

Really????
This from the woman who dropped "Romney" from her name to appease tRump. Stand up and tale your name back.
She is.
Okay, Ronna Romney McDaniel.
Give up on what? The kleptocratic administration that likes to travel by private plane, congressional majority bragging about obstructing the government that ignores the Constitution in letter and spirit, or the spokespeople mocking children who just lived through a shooting?
For speaking up &raising d voice against abuse after 10yrs,have been thrown on roads& 24*7 mom has been separated frm her child for no fault
Thank you Ronna. Happy Easter to you & your family.
How much  did you get for your soul? #sellout
Says someone who could not even stand up for her own name?
I believe the liberal women are leading the charge in that area.  Please explain the sexual predator in Chief making the next month Sexual Assault month to your Conservative Women.
If you were sexually abused or assaulted or grabbed by the pussy like Trump boasts about, yes speak up. It’s not locker room talk. It’s a felony. And not your fault.
Yes, all you supporters of Porno bopper Donnie Trump, shout it out loud....
Yes all you conservative women, do what the men folk tell you. Don’t you dare think for yourselves. Your husbands will tell you what to do, and who to vote for. Now stop trying to educate yourself, get back in the kitchen and mind those kids!
Unless @POTUS grabs you by the pussy. Then you MUST stay silent.
Just like Hillary told the women that Bill Clinton abused stayed quiet!

'Crooks, weirdos, wife-beaters'

@SteveSchmidtSES weighs in on the new @washingtonpost report detailing the dysfunction &…
And yes stand up for and with all women. Do not tolerate inequality or disrespect in any form.
Yes, stand up for the Pussy -Gabber-in-Chief, the guy who barebacked a porn star, the guy who’s administration has far fewer women working in it and that has canceled so many programs that help women and girls. Or you could stand up for other women, but you can’t support both.
Except for maiden names, right???
Thank you Ms Ronna! I really needed to hear that word of encouragement this week! And I’m so looking forward to hearing you speak at our Indiana state convention in June!  #GOP
Make sure you are subservient to men and drop your family name when requested by controlling men.
So a woman isn’t “conservative” unless she supports your corrupt, womanizing administration?  You should delete this tweet on the last day of #WomensHistoryMonth .  BTW, which man told you to drop your family name?
Is this division necessary? It will only incite more division, just like Trump, it's not right!!!! As an American you should feel ashamed! #unity #countryoverparty
Lord Felthersnatch is not viewed highly by women dear
Oh, shut up. You're a horrible, mean person, shilling & lying for other horrible mean ppl. You SHOULD be ashamed, but you're shameless. Where is Steve Wynn's money?
That's a good question.
https://www.domesticshelters.org 

what woman in her right mind would listen to you?
PS and keep supporting a little man who endorsed a pedophile and has been accused and made several comments to support his own accuser who was 13 years old at the time he raped her, amen



Only conservative women? That's the problem w/ people like you... you treat politics like a football game where you can only cheer 1 side at a time. The Dems look at politics as policies that help people, you only see greed & self serving interests. It's disturbing & immoral.
When the Dems fights for equality, for women's rights, for better wages & for women's health, they do so for all women - including you - to make your own choices & live your life as you see fit. In order to understand those benefits, you have to step back & see bigger picture.
#MAGA
I imagine you do Romney. Apparently, the pool of women willing to have their pussies grabbed is dwindling rapidly.

This is so bad I can’t even tell if it’s funny or not.

When will you return the money from Steve Wynn? Everything you say means nothing until you do.
Yeah. Stand up to tRump and the complicit GOP. #VoteThemOut #BlueWave2018

Binders full of women Ronna
Of course they should speak up! Unless of course it contradicts 45...can’t have that now
Says someone who hates her own last name and has the nerve to accuse her opponents of hating America.
How can they speak up for themselves while under the boot of their fathers or husbands??
You should be fighting for all women, and the real republican women who get the short end of the stick with the @GOP Shame on you
Remember when Romney used to be your name?





How many women are there in the White House except sex workers? Oh, one, ivanka. Melania is in New York raising Donald’s child and Betsy is sucking duster from a can.
As a woman, what’s your bottom line here? What does he have to do that will make you do what most of us have done? We are not voting GOP. We are sad to see what the party of our parents and grandparents has become. What will it take, what does he have to do, before you join us?
Yes, but stand up for what's right; not what's political.  We need STRICT VETTING on candidates and need BETTER Leaders - not Liars. #RemoveNunes #RemoveTedCruz #RemoveMitchMcConnell - Time for these guys to go.  Where are our FRESH common-sense leaders?

How many women have been sexually assaulted by the President? They need someone to stand up for them. Trump will go down in history as the worst President ever and history won't forget your role, either.

How about all women. Women can make our nation heal. We don’t need to be tribal like many of the men, stop following this horrible play book.
America would like to remind conservative women not to support racist serial liars who brag about sexual assault and led a criminal election campaign.
Are you suggesting women put a network of sexual harassers before kids that survived a shooting?
For example....
The last day of #WomensHistoryMonth is #NationalBuyAGunDay. Perfect time to get that gun you've been wanting
Your desperation smells of aqua-net and cheap perfume.
I guess your inability to craft a sentence that makes sense means your more than qualified to lead the GOP.
Your grammar needs work.
You “ladies “ are going to be mad at her for supporting Trump and the Republican Party, when Bill Clinton still walks the planet? Very selective judgement on your part.
You all women following Trump should be ashamed! A man who denigrated women in any way shouldn't be called a man neither POTUS. And you are zombies even after he grabbed women by the pussy, show some dignity and teach your sons not to be like Trump
I am the embarrassment? Denial is one of the symptoms of Trump disease. You clearly are a deplorable... I hope your kids follow a better lead
As a progressive conservative I have to say, I feel the GOP has failed us. The idea of supporting dems makes me ill but the GOP is an alt-right joke these days. I feel the real values of America aren't being represented by either side. It's a sad time to be a Republican woman.
I'm not sure why you consider yourself a Republican.  They don't want anything progressive.  I urge you to meet some Democrats & leave the GOP behind.  The GOP is on the wrong side of history when it comes to gays, civil rights, women, the environment, taxes, foreign affairs, etc
Democrats are no better. I'm all for cutting wasteful spending. Something the GOP is supposed to be for yet we are still way over spending on the military and other areas. The GOP are hypocrites but the dems are liars too.

LOL what a joke. Asshatress
Yeah my mistake oops I undid that In my defense I have a temperature of 103 and didn’t realize
Oh no!  My response was not to http://you.it  was to the the lame chairwoman. Feel better!
I retweeted it not really realizing it and someone else commented also that my tweets are a coded cry for help and I was like why is everyone mad at me then I saw what I did and thought yeah what an ass
Common ladies! We need your votes! MAGA
