or support him like you do KA
Not many 240+ year old republics around that can pull off such a picture of essential, enduring unity on display at a moment of sorrow/celebration of service in the person of Barbara Bush.
This is a mighty point and a failure here killed Athenian democracy. Exile opponents? No. We pension and honor them.
Well said. For all our flaws, faults, and foibles, this is humbling and encouraging.
Great picture! Celebration of a life of service. Meanwhile, trump is home tweeting insults to his perceived enemies. What a small small man trump continuously shows himself to be.
And of course played a few rounds of golf in sunny FL. He is basically a retiree 
A billionaire President
Are you talking billions of dollars in foreign loans?
How many millions or was it billions Obama gave to Iran to stop their nuclear programs.....ha... they used it to increase the nuclear program NOT stop it. Remember that? if you’re talking about the Omnibus Bill you can blame the liberal democrats for that! Not Trump

So you know the truth and you still listen to the Democrats? Please stay one.
I think you are the dumbest Trumpet I’ve encountered on Twitter thus far. And that is saying a lot 
Do I understand correctly that the Donald wasn't invited? If that is the case, he actually took it better than his total lack of social Grace's would have led me to predict. (Gotta give credit if it is due, even to the bully we now call President.)
He was invited but the White House said he declined to not cause a disturbance. Not sure what really happened.
Probably just like Obama didn't attend 2 funeral of former First Ladies, Trump didn't attend. It's actually totally normal and has really been a tradition among most sitting US presidents to not attend a funeral for a former First Lady.
That sounds right. Thank you both. We, on both sides, are too quick to criticize without all the facts. I blame the advent of 24 hr news channels that have too much time and not enough depth so they invent things for us to get upset about, and now? We just get upset w/o cause.
Melania looks genuinely happy.
First time out among humans in a long time...

This looks extraordinarily painful
OMG. I thought the same thing. Reminds me of women who had their feet bound. I see bunion/corn surgery in her future.
Nice to see them together, despite political persuasions, and show respect and sympathy for the Bush family's loss.
Why is it nice again?

They have, combined, funneled trillions of $ from public money to private contractors, taken us into wars & set up a surveilance/control system...

Why should anyone care if they put they theartica aside & show they are the same?
Melania is not forgiven for her Birther views.  She is representing her husband who said horrible things about the Bush family.  In my opinion, she should not have been there.  Everyone was gracious to her unlike how her husband treats people.
At my most generous, I consider her a hostage. I don't know what she actually thinks about anything. Pretty sure she'd rather not be in this situation, though.
She has the option to leave.. there is nothing written anywhere that she can’t leave and ask for a divorce.. I’d respect her more.. she obviously stays for the money and position.. she’s not a prisoner!
Sort of like the spouse of 42 eh?
Well.. that’s a whole other conversation.. which wasn’t being referred to.. but I understand trumpys only know how to reference HRC when anything about trump is Brought to attention!!
I think you need to reread  'Only know' as a concept...oh and I'm pretty sure the lady pictured who had brains and beauty wasn't misguided in her vote. Why can't y'all realize hrc was so polarizing and so was he but hey #metoo right on just the current president and not on 42.
Polarizing??????  Really???????  But this wasn’t about HRC or Bill.. this was about Melania....  stop deflecting.. stop turning every conversation about trump to HRC.. ITS NOT ABOUT HER!!!!!!
Ohhh large caps. Got it. Did you type that on a Smith Corona? Yes really...let the president do his job. He was elected. Understand the electoral college. Take a citizenship test. And also other sitting presidents don't go to flotus funerals...obama not at Reagan's case in point
@MichelleObama is a beast. Dude is huge.
Lol. So butthurt still. 
Look, it's trying to defend itself!
Adults only
Toooooo bad most of the people in this photo will soon understand that orange is really the new black!!
It must have been odd for Melania to be around people who respect her and wish her the best.
Um idk the respect part. Sympathy or pity is more likely.
This is priceless. FLOTUS Michelle Obama didn't go low she went high. They all have so much class, manners, respect and integrity. They made Melania feel at home and love among the highest ranked former Presidents. I love this picture.
First time since inauguration day that Melania's looked happy in a photograph.
Not much noted that HRC also wears fake pearls in honor of Bar. The best fashion statement fell to GHW Bush who wore socks with the image of a stack of books!
I just want to point out how happy & relaxed Malania is in this picture. We never get to see her this way and it is quite refreshing.
But you cannot separate her from her husband & unlike Mrs Barbara Bush, LRHS, Melania had nor distanced herself from any of the BS of #TrumpLiesMatter
Uh. Actually I can seperate a wife from her husband and her body language & facial expressions in these pictures tell me she isn't who he demands she be. And yes. I can absolutely say it is refreshing to see her looks happy.
This is Mrs Donald Trump and unless she grows a pair & steps out & becomes her own woman, she is an appendage of him. So no matter how "happy" she looks here, she rtns to her role of being a little satellite rotating around big orange planet. Her appearance here changes nothing.
Really neat photo!
There's someone in that pic that shouldn't be lol. Just saying
See folks? This is Presidential.
To me, this photo portrays democracy. They've put aside their party affiliations and come together for a common purpose.
Couldn’t agree more. We don’t always have to agree, but we most certainly must be civil. We all want the same thing.  We have different ideas of how to get there. And we all should accept and respect one another. Great photo.
Michelle is a stunner. All natural too
Love her smile!
He's probably threatened her if she leaves.
Michelle is looking fabulous.
That's because she is fabulous.
Thankfully, we will be able to forget @realDonaldTrump after his #Impeachment or #Resignation 

No #trump pictures to remind us of his existence
Melania looks like her blood pressure and General “I ate a lemon for breakfast” demeanor are finally at low levels. Amazing how finally being in a room of intelligent and classy people does that to someone.
If Trump was actually there, we would be able to sing “One of these things is not like the other. One of these things just doesn’t belong....”
The Obamas are my heroes. Always leading by example.
I love how Laura and Hillary are donning the "pearls"!  Excellent photo.
Q: Who’s missing from this photo, A: Nobody.
The reason the photo is so nice is because the illegitimate, corrupt, thug occupying our White House isn’t at the Memorial Service or in the photo!  FLOTUS seems happier than any time in last 15 months!

#TrumpRuinsEverything
Trump would have wanted to stand in front of Senior President Bush
If our system still worked, this would be a picture of 5 -not 4- presidents & there’d be no nude model in it. 
Lovely picture, Thank god Trump wasn't in it with his stupid fake grin & thumbs up pose.
I know what it’s like to have half your life die. My wife got to her holy Home January 11 at 10 o’clock at night 2017. So just pray for my family that we have a place of our own in this life until we get called home.
I see they placed Bill away from the women
Every single person in this photo then went to a bar and started talking trash about the one dude who isn’t there.
Donald J Trump & Kellyanne Conway get to rant & rave about McCabes wife accepting donation from Clinton Campaign but Kellyanne gets upset being asked about husbands negative tweets towards Donald?
Shows some things do transcend politics #RIPMrsBush
This is what America looks like.
I get the most profane sadness by looking at this photo. The long held tradition of supporting and respecting all of our former First Families is over. The brotherhood of Former Presidents is over; destroyed by the nasty and self-serving swamp dwellers.
4 former presidents and one that was robbed. And the robber's wife.
Twins!

Agreed!
Amazing how happy she looks to be away from *him*
Do you think they will let Trump into the ex-President's club?
@Flotus Elegance And Beauty Upstaged #DNC #Media #FakeNews
Note To Millennials : 
Before #FakeNews: 
Seems #Obama Gets 
#Flirty At Funerals, #Michelle  & @Twitter #Unamused…
Lovely photo.. so sweet.
Bill,Hilary and Obama need to be in a jail cell not in a picture.
Imbecile
He’s from Mississippi. So, it goes without saying
DOH!
Holy cow you got some hate...
Just for criminals like those three.
Five Presidents in that photo. Very nice.
I see what you did there. And agree.

I love how the Clintons, made sure the Obamas separated them from Melanoma...ALL DAY.
Now, in a pretty picture
Wait! Where's the beautiful one? All I see are gargoyle's.
What’s missing from this picture? Oh yeh, the Carter’s.
Rosalynn is recovering from surgery.
Lol!  All five of the presidents are in a cluster on the inside and the First Ladies are flanking on the outside. Did anyone send this pic to Donald? He’s going to get FOMO
When Melania leaves Donald, she has friends here!
No Jimmy Carter?
Jimmy is currently abroad doing humanitarian work.
Jimmy is too old.  Don't jerk us around.  No one wants that one around.  I still can't wait to punch him myself.
Given so-called momslovetrump is threatening violence, please report her.
No worries- I did, before I read this tweet. I'm very offended. We don't need any of that! Ever! For any reason! Not even for DJT!
Thanks
Isn't it a federal crime to threaten violence on any President, current or past? Secret Service needs to pay her a visit. I heard that's what they do for a threat of any kind.
It's a federal crime to threaten violence on a president. So-called moms4trump2020 is probably a fake mother & a dangerous fool.
All corrupt except First Lady. Sickening.

At least we are in the back   Obama’s supports would be in the front.


Take your meds, Vicki.
Standing next to each other, I have to say that Michelle Obama is more beautiful than Melania Trump.
I just want to be clear no class ever Conway said Melanie is superior to Michelle Obama.  That would be like saying Jared Fogel is superior to Mother Theresa....or Kellyanne is superior to Roy Moore!
Would be like saying Trump University is superior to Harvard!
Would be like comparing Trump saying he would run into Parkland without a weapon and stop the mass shooting....To James Shaw doing exactly that at Waffle house to a Trump and Conway supporter who killed 4!
This can’t be good for her feet.
@Jaxgma3235  @dahlia201 @taxvictim @TeeCee_85 @VADjude352 THANK YOU PAUL MORSE THIS PHOTO&THAT OF @FLOTUS AND OUR @BarackObama CHATTING are gorgeous KNOW THAT #BARBARABUSH KNEW this WOULD HAPPEN IF SHE ALLOWED #melania to come #morningjoe #newday
Now realizing this is the positive environment even in sorrow we are missing.
No question who W and Laura voted for.
I like how happy they all are. Its a funeral. Oh right. Trump isn't there 
Say what you want about these presidents, they have given their blood sweat and tears for this country put politics aside all of them are special in their own way bless them because they deserve it.
I will not criticize anyone in the photo of past and present White House occupants taken for Barbara Bush service. I will just be glad “he” did not spoil the day. Anything else dishonors America.
This is what civility looks like.
I would like to see them all in same tiny cell together without their armed security...
They ate all smiling like they don't have a care in the world...
@Flotus smile seemed very relaxed 
@LindaCollins11 @jgm41 

But just Where is Donny Boy.? 

.
I wonder what her prenup says. If she leaves, does she lose everything, including Baron? Heaven knows he has given her more than enough cause. Could her parent's immigration status be at risk?
Wow, how many secret service agents in that room..??  Cool photo!
None of them have to worry about being primaried
Somebody is dead.  That's what gathered them there in the first place.  Why the hell are they so happy on this pic? Poor Barbara Bush. And where the hell is the Donald #sad
Are you embarrassed, @realDonaldTrump? You should be.
@realDonaldTrump am Fat F@ck Don should have been here instead he was golfing.

Cares for no one but himself.
Very Nice pic!  But the photobombing woman off to the side...dressed way inappropriate for the occasion.
Would have been nice for the country if the Bushes could have gotten over Jeb's loss and welcomed @realDonaldTrump to the funeral. Small gestures like that could go a long way toward putting this country back together-
Are you serious?  Trump chose not to go because he is a petty, small man.
Right. You know him so well.
Such class from Michelle, you can tell she purposely got close to Melania so she wouldn't feel/look like the odd one out who's not really included.
My heart!Nice comment.
Don't think so snookems.

Keep telling yourself that. And Hillary will be president too. Bless your heart.
No, she’s too old now. Perhaps Cory Booker!
Obama's smile say it all. They are all trolling #Trump . Awesome  #uspoli #barbarabushfuneral
This is diversity: mix of ages and generations; mix of Americans and an immigrant; mix of races, religion and languages. Love it!
Yes that is a nice photo
I guess Donald took the photo

They look like they’re about to do an intervention on Donald. Also, Melania’s  are at a grade so steep a Jeep couldn’t climb them.
Are the Carters too old for this shit?
Well, #THEWHOLEWORLDKNOWS there's ONE #Patriot in this group...our current @FLOTUS! #OneNationUnderGod #GodBlessAmerica

This is a picture of jackass presidents that have been trying to run the globalist agenda in America. George and barrack added $15tril dollars of debt on our children and our grandchildren. For what? Studying shrimp on a treadmill, how alcohol effects prostitutes, DAMAGING USA
An amazing transformation once she's away from the Orange Bully.
Michelle is so lovely!!  I miss her.
That one lady in the background......
The Clintons should not be in that picture, with out Commey !!!
I think trump would've pushed Senior Bush out of the way just to be in the middle of the photo if he was there.

Yes, isn’t is wonderful to see REAL Presidents?
Damn, W. aka Mr Steal Yo Girl
How can she tolerate and smile

I love this photo. And, Hillary wearing pearls in honor of Barbara makes me tear up!
8 probable votes for HRC right there... (9, if we include the photo bomber on the right.)
Melanie looks like she is actually enjoying herself instead of suffering silently
@realDonaldTrump Your wife looks like she’s happy. Can’t imagine why.
Something tells me if trump was normal Michelle and Melania would be closer.
@realDonaldTrump Have you seen this photo? That appears to be a real smile on Melania's face
obama and michelle by far the best of them all
And Michelle looked stunning ! 
True class and respect shown by all. The reason they were there was to pay their respects to a beautiful 1st lady!
I’m surprised George isn’t standing next to Michelle. To two of them get along well.
So respectful
Amazing people smiling beautifully while mourning a huge loss. This is the stuff AMERICANS are made of. Rest In Peace Barbara Bush
Blessings to the Bush family in this time of loss.....
The two women on each side of the photograph have so much more grace than the other two now & as time will tell.
A bit shocking how old everyone is looking.
‘cept Michelle...
Your face when you got blasted on @CNN and you realize you have no comeback
Way it should be—for the respect of Mrs Bush ALL differences are put aside. Why can’t the rest of us do that?
Today's news about 41s failing health...Shows that Gods love is present. Very predictable that he would want to join Mrs Bush in heaven. Can you imagine being with someone 72 years and they are gone ...Same thing happened with my parents #Bush41
Dumbo wasn't wanted at the funeral.

I like W with his arm around Hillary
And then it's this...  @KellyannePolls  
 
"Melania Trump is such a #superior and excellent First Lady," Kellyanne told TMZ ... "This country is so lucky to have her." She is superior really .. 

You can't flip this it's on Video ...
See this is people who are statesmen and women with class and respect.notice no trump no class and no respect thats why he not in picture.
I love how George W. head is slightly tilted towards Hillary, a sign of caring. The ease of Obama smile, almost looks like he just said something funny.  Melania and Michelle holding each other, look at Melania's relaxed beautiful  smile. Surrounding a man who lost his other half
What's missing from this photo is the Biden's, and the fact that George and Joe are drawing straws to see who gets to rocjem socjem later with the DT.
Is this the Christmas card to Foreign Lobbyists?
Once you go #44 you never go back @KellyannePolls
one too many in this pic
Love this picture!  Thank you for sharing.
“Orange” you glad he isn’t in the picture. 
A malignant narcissistic sociopath is strangely absent...we all know the Bush family said do not attend..
Malania I love you. The rest of you I wouldn’t waste my breath or time
Yeah, too bad they had to ask the Obamas to put some clothes on before the funeral & pictures.  This is how they showed up, again, as usual.  Thank God we have some real class in the White House now.
Beautiful.  Unity.  That's what our country need. In the end, time cannot be borrowed and we all have to go...
Hmmm what's missing? Oh yeah, the man everyone despises.
Awesome picture! Great deal of respect for everyone shown in this picture. Absolutely NO respect for the petulant, narcissistic “POS” who decided to make a tee time and abuse Twitter instead of paying respects to a wonderful humanitarian.
@realDonaldTrump will hate this photo of humans doing what he is incapable of: caring for another besides themselves.
Trump was golfing.
Dear God, How I wish George W Had NOT Put His Arm Around That CROOKED JEZEBEL who still hunts out our Nation's Inheritance..What Foolishness George!
Love the First lady
@realDonaldTrump hmmmm.., someone’s missing here but I can’t figure...
yayy !!! thanks for dividing the country... and then taking smiley face pictures !!! America is grateful to you all for the polarization !!!
I like how Jr basically pushed Bill to the back of this photo to put his arms around his wife and Hilliary. 
I see a picture of a bunch a deep state rats
Barbara did not want the Donald glad he was playing golf
Wait. Kellyanne Conway actually said Melania Trump is a “superior” first  lady to Michelle Obama. I guess I missed the convention speech where  Michelle Obama plagiarized Melania Trump’s words. SO A WHITE FIRST LADY IS BETTER THAN THE BLACK ONE!!!!

https://twitter.com/ToscaAusten/status/987841121043800066?s=19 …
Damn shame. Really is 5 past and present POTUS in that photo.
No thumbs up?  How very unpresidential... 
They all have one thing in common, they all hate Dumpy Trumpy.  Melania will end up dumping the asshole and becoming more popular than he could ever be.
You meant the 3rd lady.
@FLOTUS you are the most beautiful and elegant first lady ever
Yes, Michelle is awesome
I am talking about @flotus Melania Trump
We know
Glad First Lady Mrs Trump, is keeping away from that Clinton male. Cigar anyone???
Is she married to Weinstein???
No, worse!
Spacey??
I mean, if you think what he did was bad, may I introduce you to Donald Trump? Who walked in on young girls in a changing room? Accused of raping a teen? Had several extramarital affairs? If you’re mad about Clinton, Weinstein, and Spacey, you’ll be livid over Trump!
Obviously regarding my original post you don't do ironic humour.
Do you know what ironic and humor mean?
I see 4 Presidents with the three past First Ladies respecting the passing of their own. You can’t count Melania since her man baby is too ill equipped to behave and interact with Presidents - shows he is not a president
The last vestiges of decency... For now.
You can't make that photo better; you could only make it worse.
So nice to see @flotus finally smile. She needs to lawyer-up and leave @POTUS
Yeah, the Widower surrounded by George W & Laura, Bill & Hil, Barack & Michelle, Melania & ???? I guess it was too Stormy for him to attend or maybe he was late getting out of the golden shower!
Thank God that disgusting orange baboon was not in the picture.
disgusting humans all of them
Several crooks together
In this photo there are four former presidents and four people who won the popular vote for president. But only three of the four are the same people.
A photo of firsts. Families that redefined America.
The tangerine buffoon is noticeable by his absence.
What a great pic.  Makes we wish for the days when we had decent people in the White House.  And Melanie looks happier here than in ANY pic I’ve seen with her and her husband.
I like W's arm around Hillary.
I wonder when you get out of office are you no longer Republican or Democrat. Just one of the few to have held the office. A special group.
This photo reassures me that our country will survive 45. 
Dear freind,appreciate the nice photo of our loving freinds ,dear !!
Now that she's rotting in her grave, can we mention that Mrs. Bush raised two crimimals (remember the S&L scandal?) and one of the worst presidents ever. I'm sure vets missing arms and legs are mourning you this Sunday, Mrs. Bush. Your much-ballyhooed bluntness cuts two ways.
A great picture!!

They are all there.
My Michelle Obama looks gorgeous. It's a nice picture.
@MichelleObama is very beautiful woman.
NOW, it's a nice photo!
Wow, that picture makes my heart ache to what we still could have. I believe, they all had a collective sigh.
Do you think we'd know about the corruption in Washington if Hillary won?
what an idiot you are vicki
Melania actually does smile when Trump is far away.  Amazing.
where’s waldo?
All the Swamp Rats in one room Malania should have been sick to her stomach
Tfw you realize your friends always have more fun without you. @realDonaldTrump
Epic photobomb by Maggie Bush (Marvin’s Wife).
RT RT RT
I hope Melania enjoyed her day away from Trump. It's good to see her smiling.
Life is short...put differences aside for the good of America.
If, for some reason they all disappear from the face of the earth, the world would be a better place.
Much better.
How did I never realize how tall Michelle Obama is? Wow.
I love how #43 embraces his wife and #Hillary I love @FLOTUS smile and I love how #42 and #44 with #michelle #obama are at ease how #41 looks at ease too and how nothing is missing in this perfect pic
hmm someone wasn't wanted there
Just waiting for the internet to do the clenched fist meme with this
@MichelleObama looks so beautiful 
how pathetic and sad, @realDonaldTrump missing from the picture - he has no clue & should be ashamed!!
Barbara Bush’s last wish: “Make sure that bastard Trump doesn’t attend my funeral”.
Simply beautiful to see
Good picture. Now the Bush family won’t have to photoshop out the lunatic
This is lovely! Thanks for sharing.
