We know President Trump is a fighter! It is why we voted for him! Money for the military is what he thinks is most important now. We trust him on that. Very early in his presidency. We are thankful for all the things he's already done. Expecting many more great things. MAGA MAN!
You got sucked in.  Did he not say Mexico would pay? You believed, you poor fool.  You believe all the lies he tells you.  He said no vacations, no golf. You believed.  His house of cards will be falling soon.
The Trump story is still being written. He's a real fighter. I guarantee you he will come out more amped up than ever after this congressional fiasco! The wall will be built. Mexico can be made to pay over years through confiscating money being sent back by illegals or trade.
Make sure you tune into @60Minutes tomorrow night, Tick Tock, I can't wait to hear the response from @realDonaldTrump Lordy I hope there are no pics 
Won't change a thing. We voted for a wrecking ball and will continue to support his effort to drain the swamp. Thankful for all he's done this far. MAGA!
We are thrilled Trump is president. He is exposing the Swamp. We are more committed to supporting him than ever before. We are so glad he defeated Hillary who called half the nation deplorables. We are thankful he is destroying Obama's destructive legacy. We reject progressivism!
I think it would be better to speak for yourself and not “we”.
Wasn't the $1.6B for border security, not a wall?
Yep...not only that....@SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr made sure that the wall won't get built by limiting what @realDonaldTrump can even do to build a wall IF he ever gets to sign another budget.  Trump was suckered and he will keep being suckered because he doesn't get it.
Yep, and Trump signed it. I think it was his way out of building it. Blame it on Congress
Trump didn't even bother reading it, didn't know what was in it, and when told he'd miss his golf weekend if there was another shut down he said "fuck that" and signed. Lol.
He'd get staff to read it for him. Mr. Dunning Kruger has little to no attention span for paperwork unless his brand is all over it.
@KellyannePolls  husbands pointed tweets would seem to validate the belief that KAK was the @WhiteHouse mistress to @realDonaldTrump exposed in Fire and Fury
Ewwwwww!
@KellyannePolls Oh Kellyanne Conjob, did you just go on national television and say that James Comey had trouble answering basic questions? That’s beyond rich given that you were practically banned from network TV for spewing unmeasurable amounts of orange-tinted verbal feces!!!
If you're talking about San Diego, that city is broke. Nobody will get billions from them for an ineffective social and ecological disaster which is the fruit of a delusional demagogue's mind, but hey, reality has never bothered you, Kellyanne.
What billions for the wall? 1.6? Who read the bill and found that billions was allocated for the wall?
Why are Comey and Hillary still not charged but allowed to go around to talk about their books, earn money from it and trash this administration instead?! Don’t we have enough evidences that they’ve lied under the oaths at least?! Are we expect to have a good nation like this?!
The answer is no, there is no evidence. Any other questions? I used to have some empathy for the “left behind” trump voter. No more. If you still support that guy after all this then this isn’t about left behind. It is about being conned and not able to fess up to it
I am still concerned about the ones who don’t support our #constitution but look the other way for evidences when there are - watch all channels with an open mind so it’s less likely to be brainwashed. #MSM is like the Soviets and Chinese official media.  #FakeNewsMedia
Many of us do watch multiple outlets. However anyone focused on a fake news hashtag is probably not one who does. I only consider the Onion as fake but there are days...
#MSM beats the Onion for a while. Denial doesn’t work eventually. Time and history will tell, just like what happened in those “fantastic”!communist world countries. Obamao will show more of his true Mao color, too.
Just a reminder kitten, it’s 33 miles of fence and billions would imply it’s greater than $1.3 billion. Math is not your strongest skill, is it kitten?
A wall is BC defense technology. Let’s keep the white supremacy terrorists in jail instead.
That's one way to spin it...
I thought POTUS was not happy with the bill?!  Alternative facts again?
Billions? I heard it was barely enough for 40 miles of wall. Also, my money, not Mexico's as promised. Liar in Chief Trump needs to go.
What a surprise: more Kellyanne lies! The bill has $1.6 billion for border security explicitly excluding any part of the wall!
It was allocated for repairs of existing walls. Read the bill before it gets signed. Plus that much wouldn't have built 75 miles if the wall. We got screwed. Veterans got screwed and Congress got a raise.
Right - no new walls. But that didn’t  stop @KellyannePolls from bragging lies on it. More Art of the Deal by #VileDonald!

1.6billionmight put up a chain linked fence for a few hundred miles. #artofthesteal
Things our government does best waste,fraud,and abuse. What's wrong in Washington?
Trump outsmarted everyone. The omnibus bill is not a law. President Trump can spend the money anyway he wants, just like Obama did. Nobody knows where the money went on Obama spent money from the omnibus bill.
Oh yeah!! More crap  from Ms. Conjob
The wall will be built and with 10 thousand miles of coast line how in the world will they get in !
Winning! Build the wall, Mr President.
Main reason Mexico should not fund it is because of insuring our Border Agents and our Public not theirs and if they want Insurance on it they must have invested in it to get the Insurance.
KELLYANNE YOU ARE AN JOKE JUST PLAY YOUR ROLL BUT I DON'T QUITE UNDERSTAND IS WHY DO YOU HAVE TO LIE ALL THE TIME JUST BE HONEST
Lmfao. They put that billion in to placate you-it’s still a moronic idea. And just a few months ago you were telling everyone that Mexico was going to pay for the wall.
Oh no..we are still mocking it..you are just too busy patting yourselves on the back for all of  your imaginary accomplishments..that you didn’t notice..
You look different kellyanne....what happened?
got some rest!
A fence not a wall !
Kellyanne what does the boss think about Creepy Biden challenging him to a boxing match hey this could be great yeah# Rocky could train the boss and it could be like that movie The Grudge Match# in fact we will call it the grudge match LOL pass this along to the boss
So, I hear a lot of complaining about what the republicans didn't get. I am just waiting for all to realize what the Democrats did get.
Social engineering.
Watters is a horrible example of family values, he left his own kids to fornicate with one of his staff members. Watters should be next to go!
Hahahahaha Hahahahaha 
LOL!I think one needs to be built right now around Mar Lago since #45`s family is there so they can not get out.
And we'll be voting them out in November for it.   #draintheshithole
What a dreamer you are!
Big man ParkerSINGR knows dirty words, you must be proud,
I also know how to use proper punctuation.   I take more pride in that.
I do not care about the way you can write stupid stuff,
Hi comma women.
Why not do a go find me wall?
What not go find it!
You mean they are appropriating the funds that have been approved for a decade. If Obama  wanted a wall it would have been funded - just never would have been completed under the old swamp process. Fight all you want libs - @realDonaldTrump isn’t stopping...thank God!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAJUZRZBdlM&list=PLAF22812129BFCD50&index=7 … Don't forget what he told Neito over the phone. It never was going to be built because it's a waste of resources. I mean, no wall can be tall enough to stop airplanes from flying over it.

The difference is, Cons know we're being lied to, Libs think their leaders are honest.  Remind me again who the gullible one's are.
Curious, is Hannity reporting the facts or is Hannity telling you what u want to hear because Hannity asks Cohan (attorney) Trump (POTUS) whats up and I (Hannity) will spin the news.
Jesse its ok you'll get everything just not right now. He is fighting a one man battle up there. They're all for his neck and he's working like a naive trying to get things done.
You do realize Our Congress just Held for extortion the Lives of our military men and woman to get their own self servicing way ? And most of these twits are for some reason Richer then they should be ???!!!!
33 miles of fence and nothing that resembles the wall prototypes he saw in Cali Hahahhaha so much winning fuck trump
I'm still mocking it.
Delusion. There will not be a wall
And the promise from @realdonaldtrump was Mexico would pay for it. I guess you want to forget that part. #agenda
Those billions are not being ‘given’ by that town. It’s coming from middle class taxpayers in thousands of little towns all across America! Trump campaigned on Mexico paying for it, he needs to keep his promise to the American people!
Actually, Trump's complaint was  that there wasn't money for the wall attached to DACA. There is only enough money to complete 33 miles of wall.

Wow grasping at straws and trying to spin them into gold Kelly Anne. This administration can’t stop with the BS.
Only prejudice white supremacist want the wall! You trump!!!!

To repair fences which is close to Dumbkins’ glass partition- do try to keep up!
No one wants the wall! Congress only gave the money to it because the president has to sign the bill and stated he wouldn’t without it. They thankfully managed to not give him as much as he wanted. They’re still mocking the wall... and you. #whatastupidwasteofmoney
didnt watch waters...figured he'd sink to the bottom.

Everyone is huffing & puffing. They have no idea the kind of shit DJT has to deal with.  Yeah...they would do this or he should have done this.GFY.  He supports our troops & he may need military help to drain this nasty swamp
There was absolutely no reason to speed sign this thing on Friday.  All last week, Trump said he was going to sign that bill.  He should have been saying he'd sign it after he read it.  Ronald Reagan would have never have been this irresponsible.
BS! If he didn't sign it then Sat midnight we would have had a gvt. shutdown. He funded military...opiod issue...work starts mon. on wall. He was set up but these losers forget he punches back.
Kellyanne should know, there is no money for a “wall”. Security? Maybe. But verbatim, no physical wall. Why lie? #ITMFA
REPENT LEAKER! Traitor to our @potus.
@KellyannePolls he can’t even read past page 1 where was John Kelly to read it for him ? 
Probably convincing him to sign it to boost his approval numbers.
How many billions have we given to other countries to secure their borders what do Americans deserve??
Kelleyanne. You’ve been hanging around Trump too long. You getting just as stupid. Billions is two or more. That is not in this budget. What is in it is another $800B added to the deficit though.
Still mocking, but crying knowing it would not impact the flow of 4K people making it into the US each year across that border... So spending $250K for each of them is extremely wasteful. Especially when I can solve it for less
Why do they have to give anything for it? Why not just cut the @POTUS back on his golf trips every weekend that we pay for at HIS resort (double dipping I'd say). Wall won't stop anything. Most drugs come in by water, air or underground. SO what's a wall gonna do. smh
She needs to stop. She’s not credible. She looks like a drunk and lies like an addict. You know when she’s lying when her mouth is moving. Corrupt from the beginning. Alternative facts queen.
To borrow a quote from Carl Bernstein, she's a Propaganda Minister.
They didn't fund the wall. Just fix parts of the wall. trump still can not build any part of his freaken wall. Spin it any way you like. but that remains a fact.
Don,t believe that bunch of lies!
It's in the omnibus bill that was just signed into law. Yeah, trump does not get his wall. And with the midterms around the corner. Trump is going to have an even worse time of it now.  No wall for wallboy. lol
Really, did you see the news today!
That was part of the wall already being built. Not the wall he wanted. trump lies worse than an old rug.
Like you know that!
Actually, I do. it is called a search engine and reading comprehension. The wall is not going to be built. Atop trying to insult people intelligence. the omnibus bill was explicit. The money could only be used for existing parts of the wall.
Do not count the wall out!  Trump is way smarter then you!
We didn’t give you the money for the wall, you took it. You have to be kidding, no one had time to read the proposal so the President just signed it. Can’t he read?
At best, he is semi-literate. His speaking level is lower than a fifth grader. #FactBaseApp
Um-no their not.They are funding 33miles of picket fence and PROHIBITING any semblance of "the wall"
Good grief...don't have her on anymore.  She filibusters and nobody can stand it.  People don't even want her on because she will not shut the hell up.
I want people to remember the Wall is best way to keep heroine and fetinal out of our country as 80% of those using opioids move on to heroine given cost to addicts. Let’s work to keep drugs out, increase penalties for those illegally selling such drugs, and work to fund recovery
Fetanyl...
What about the drugs coming from China? Where do you put a wall when there is an ocean between both countries?
Not nearly the amount he was asking for but, but hey, guess this is what compromise looks like?

We cannot use the prototypes to build the wall?  All of those nice contractors did all of that work....for what?  Stop making excuses.  @realDonaldTrump signed this piece of garbage without one person in the Whitehouse reading the bill.  There is no excuse for this...PERIOD!
Before you filibuster on any more shows, you and @realDonaldTrump better read the bill he signed.  Seems like you don't even know how screwed the wall and border security really is.  @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr rolled @realDonaldTrump and there isn't going to be another chance
Stop lying about the wall funding.  We can read.  @realDonaldTrump got some money to fix existing fences.  This is just pathetic.
We do not want or need that wall! Waste of money needed for schools,infrastructure and veterans,military and housing for the people! Enough with the d—- wall!!

Not billions and it still being mocked.
LIAR.
Was this video taken before she read the bill? The bill that says trump can’t even use any of his wall prototypes? The bill that apparently has no new all funding just repairs and fencing?
Kellywise was using alternate facts again.
Yep those alt Americans, and Alt Christians love those alt facts.
It’s insanity
Alternate facts.
How much wall could have been built with with the US tax dollars that was wasted taking trump to his shit hole golf courses?
And his sheep just keeps on following him as they cannot think for themselves......

Since he got a lot of $ for the military, use soldiers as border agents
She should get a dope ass DJ name w all that spinning she does.
Hey Kellyanne what happened to Trump campaign promise about Mexico paying for the wall?
commenters get over yourselves and support the President. HE NEEDS US TO STICK TOGETHER. THE WALL NEEDS BUILT AND WE ALL NEED TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES. JUST THE WELFARE WE DONT HAND OUT WILL PAY FOR THE WALL IN A COUPLE YEARS.
UNITE!!!!
Wasn't Mexico supposed to pay for it? Fail.

Fence/ wall whatever you want to call it Kellyanne...
Hahahahahahaha...
Mexico is paying for the wall like Trump said, right?
Are they giving billions or nothing?  This Faux graphic says the exact opposite of Kellyanne.
She is incapable of telling the truth.
She’s Catholic
This is the biggest scam since Obama’s 2009 omnibus bill. Absolute steeling from tax payers. It’s not only immoral, it’s illegal!
And Unconstitutional!  They can to spin it but the facts speak for themselves.
"This is a town that not so long ago was mocking the very idea of a wall, and now they're giving billions of dollars for the funding of it."  How dumb is that?
But I thought Mexico was going to pay for the wall.  So we really are pretty stupid
You rock baby cakes!
Still worthy of mocking, as well as of scorn! No one is eagerly supporting it, not even law enforcement. Ugh. Argh. Ick! Another broken promise: That Mexico would pay for it 100%, according to your boss. #CruellaDeConway
Mexico. Mexico was supposed to be doing that. Also, you got less than 10%
If we’re speaking truth, no.
The bill specifically states that NO $ can be used for any structure of any kind, except fixing existing fencing! NO WALL OF ANY KIND! Read the bill @KellyannePolls Your Dear Leader @POTUS Don the Con showed, Again, that he is horrible at negotiating!
#StormyDanielsSavesAmerica
Fence!
 not wall ! 
You're the puppet!
No, you're the puppet!
(it can be a see thru fence though.)
Syria didn't get that Way overnight That was HRC/BO 8 yrs. Trillions of $ in Debt x 21 Give That Credit to Bush/Obama. So CTFO ya'll Give Trump a Chance to Try to Get America back UP So your Kids & Grandkids will have a Peaceful nation Less Debt for Next Genx


First and foremost, 45 aka Lying Donald Trump said Mexico would pay for the wall!  Why is this in discussion?  Maybe 45 should pay for the wall, from his fictional assets!
Another Brainwashed clown stop repeating Democrats Fake shit Trump will make Mexico pay 4 the wall through Trade or Tax or money taken from Cartels Every Democrat voted for 700miles of Border Barrier when Obama was in power even Bernie says Illegals need to go to the Bk of Que
Because they all love spending our (and China's) money
Mexico pays for wall to be finished through trade surplus
Lol. Trump just buckled on the NAFTA negotiations.  He just dropped the non-negotiable provision that required imported cars have at least 85% American made parts. By the time Trump is done, Mexico and Canada will own us.

Did u even read the the budget there is only money to repair fences.
Wait, Mexico isn’t paying?
Yes they are!! Trump the great deal maker will make sure of that!! Yeah right!!
Billions I think it was 1.6 billion. Crumbs.
Stupid republicans
They’re funding an overpriced fence. No concrete construction is permitted. It’s like you think we’re all like your #IdiotPOTUS and can’t read..... #SewerRatBarbie
Kelly Ann that is putting lipstick on a pig. They are not giving “billions” for the wall. They approved $1.6 out of a needed $15 billion& they said $1.6 is for paint and chain link FENCE- see the, cut thru & sneak thru.  They stuck it to you
Trump should have read the Bill because he was told it was 1.6 for is wall only to find out Nancy Pelosi made a big fuzz & actually had it put in writing that non of the money was for the New build & the coin was for repairs & replacement fencing as well as extra men.We R Screwed
KellyAnne do people make fun of you when you dress up as witch for Halloween?
BUILD THE WALL!! People are FEARFUL IN ARIZONA TEXAS AND CALIFORNIA. I MEAN THIS IS RIDICULOUS!

Those that want the wall should spend their own money on it.  The rest of our wallets should be left alone.
I'm hearing .@realDonaldTrump declared the #BuildTheWall part of the Defense Budget &will fund it with those funds.  Can @KellyannePolls comment on this?
People are saying this but there's zero evidence that he's going to do that. Plus there are restrictions in the bill forbidding a wall being built. None of the prototypes can be used. We can only fix the existing fence. I hope I'm wrong but I'm afraid I'm not.
Oh how I hope you're wrong.  I lost my mind when POTUS gave away the #BuildTheWall .  I keep telling myself he must have a plan but the other self says he doesn't.   I told you I lost my mind!
He doesn't care! He has no backbone! And you people mean nothing to him! You are finally starting to see what we've been trying to tell you for 2 plus years!
I haven't given up on @realDonaldTrump .  I'm with him and the #GOP for the long haul but I'm not happy with him signing the Omnibus bill.
She is being delusional

Trump is a #ConArtist. It’s still reverberating in my ear, ‘MEXICO WILL PAY FOR THE WALL’ and now the ‘THE CONNED AMERICANS WILL PAY FOR THE WALL’. #WTF
Not sure about that town but mine is still mocking it. All the town's are paying for it, sure not Mexico.
Huh?
Did you read it? 1.6B to repair FENCING and other forms of border control. Not a single dime for a single drop of concrete.
The way the gov't bids things that will cover about 50 feet
You just let her say stuff that isn't true and don't call her on it?
That’s the MO of Faux News. Fluff, not facts.
There are more important things to spend that money on!  Listen to moderate constituents or lose in the mid-terms and 2020!
Yeah..Obama said we need to save the money in case we need to give Iran another $150 BILLION for their nuclear and global terror programs. Hillary sells 20% of USA uranium to Putin for $140mil in her pocket and USA fools want to fight a wall that will help stop #1 USA crime DRUGS
That wall isn't going to stop drugs.  Not the drugs being transported in, and not the drugs being prescribed legally and abused with the aid of doctors.
Yes, it will stop a percent of illegal activity. we shouldn't be against anything that is good for USA. Its going to take wall and more.  If a boat has 3 holes, you dont fix 2 of them and sail to the open sea, we must fix EVERYTHING 1 at a time. Resist is anti USA ppl & success.
Still mocking the building of the wall, we didn’t give you took.
No they didn't.  Read the bill. It is not paying for concrete for The Wall.  Why lie? 2018 and 2020 elections maybe???
There's a lot more than 1.6 Billion for the wall, it's getting built.
@KellyannePolls you are such a tool!  Get a life!
Wait, I thought Mexico was paying for the wall... are you telling me 45 lies?
Wait and see
Mexico was supposed to pay for it! Will not stop anything. Let’s see how many of his “associates” get contracts!  This administration (and this propaganda news station) has moved this country back 70 years!!!
Walls can always be torn down.  Job creation there too.

Guess that's what happens when you put someone in the Whitehouse that's willing to hold everything else hostage for his big dumb wall
You are very well versed Kelly, but this is a shit bill with @RandPaul and @SenTedCruz picking it apart and landing heavy body blows. I'm a 120% Trump supporter, but border security, specifically the wall, better happen extremely fast. No wall will be the downfall.
Clever poeple to build bridge while stupid poeple to build wall.
A mear pittance. The wall should be fully funded, Obamacare totally repealed, Planned Parenthood, NPR, Nat. Endow of Arts, etc defunded, IRS shuttered and Hillary locked up. For starters! Good job with @DeptofDefense though.
So sick of hearing about this f******* Wall.  El Chapo had a mile long tunnel when he broke out of jail.  Drugs are tunneled into or make their way by water into California.  Doesn’t take a rocket scientist to figure this one out people!  Now we will have an ugly eyesore.
Our military spending is more than the next 10 countries combined! Don't believe the rhetoric about the military being underfunded!
Shouldn't that be pesos?
I thought @realDonaldTrump promised that Mexico was going to pay for it. Surely I couldn’t have mixed up what he said that many times.
Wow, Kelly! Where have you been?  "BILLIONS of dollars for a wall?" Well only $1.6B and NOT really "to build it!"  In return for which, Taxpayers got 100s of BILLIONS of spending rammed down their throats for Planned P'hood, Sanctuary Cities, Schumer's Tunnel and endless pork!
but we keep government funding of the murdering of our children at the hands of @PPFA
Until the Senate goes to a simple majority on all bills,  Trump will struggle with his agenda. At the moment, rino's are getting away with hiding behind Demokkkrats.
Reagan's congress were Democrat majority, he LEAD congress to pass bills. Support Trump but encourage him to LEAD Congress to fund Military & build Wall without PORK. Vote out Deep State politicians:Paul Ryan, McConnell & ALL PROGRESSIVES, WHO FAVOR ILLEGALS,NOT US 
No march. Don’t talk about the march.  If we don’t report it, our viewers won’t  know about it. Unless they switch the channel and learn there is “news.” #MarchForOurLivesdc
Then you won't need anymore of taxpayers money to build Trumps Wall, just use the $1.6 billion and do what you can, because that is all Trump is going to get.
Cut out all the bull shit that overseas we would have enough for the wall.

Did u bother to read the whole thing???
http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2018/03/everything-you-need-to-know-about-stormy-daniels.html …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul @MELANIATRUMP
You know damn good and well that just putting a wall there isn't really gonna do shit. It's just gonna be another waste of taxpayer's money.
it's for a dilapidated section that was 1. already built and 2. is now is a state of disrepair. The money was given for maintenance

Weasel
You mean the wall that Mexico was going to pay for? You can just admit that that was a lie from the start.
Mexico will pay for the wall!
Not to mention that @FoxNews and @KellyannePolls are lying here once again. The $1.6 billion allocated is for repairs to existing fencing and increased manpower, not for a wall. But then, FoxNews never has bothered about being truthful or accurate.
The omnibus specifically states no designs that Trump wants are allowed. Sure military spending but immigration is why we elected Trump not because of his hair.

What is wrong with you ?  You act like  trump is giving up in the wall ! He’s not! Have faith in him?
Two things I am anxiously waiting for. Kellyanne finally being out of the closet for some adult act with trump and sanders flopping a big Ole penis out one day.
Mexico was supposed to pay for it remember??  LIARS
Shouldn’t you be mad at Mexico? Weren’t they supposed to pay for it haha...what a con job #Trump #Conman
We're still mocking it.
"Military underfunded for so long" 
Kelly you are dreaming if you think conservative Americans are buying the BS you are shoveling. This bill is a POS. The President & GOP lost millions of supporters over it. Hiding behind the military is disgusting! We didn't need to fund everything to fund the Military, I call BS
LOL times are fucking tough if she cant even catch a break on Walters world
This is a town that mocked at the idea of Mexico paying for the wall, they were just  proven right at the expense of the American taxpayer.....
Lies.
I thought Mexico was gonna pay?
No the only  sale drugs and crimanals the have planty of does   thats why we need the wall dont worry  trump is a smart men he will due the smart thing
Huh?
I will donate if you promise to be on the other side.
Perhaps you mean you're STEALING BILLIONS OF DOLLARS. At what cost must the American people pay for Trumps vanity?
Did you forget about the large number of people that do want a wall built? You got your shitty insurance that made people lose their homes when Obama won. We will get a wall. 

whisper you another secret. We are keeping our guns as well.
And whispering back Trump only cares about Trump and if it serves his purpose he will throw you under the bus or ship you off to North Korea to fight for his right to rule the world. Didn't he say Mexico was going to pay for the wall?Just another one of his many shifting facts
Shifting facts but when your whole premise is disputed with facts you come back with what ifs. March along
Mexico will pay for the wall. What you fail to realize is that does not require Mexico to hand over cash.
But your fearless leader promised that Mexico would pay cash for the wall. Cash is king and it talks real loud.
Kindly point me where he said this?
Point? Where not to point! Seems to me that one of the planks of Trumps platform was Mexico will pay for the wall.He was told it could cost 25 million and he said not to worry Mexico will pay. Just look at any of his campaign speeches while he was running. Maybe I remember wrong
Dream on. You are so out of touch in your alternate reality.
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
#ImpeachTrumpNowASAP
Have they done a cost benefits analysis on the wall yet? Apparently it's a popular assumption that a wall would satisfactorily solve problems. But what happens if that proves not to be the case? 
Mmm. I thought the Mexicans were paying for it????
can’t figure you out Watters, I’m thinking you should be with Anderson Cooper and the CNN crew
She's as full of sh*t as the democrats
Even #KellyAnnePolls hubby is against Trump
Kelly Anne get with it get out before you go down with the quicksand you and First Lady are to classy to be around it all
So Mexico is not paying for the wall? The “town” barely gave you enough money to cover flabby @POTUS ‘s next sexua cover up, much less the wall the moron promised. Move along Lady Hatch Act.
We will always mock it...esp because your hero Trump promised Mexico would pay for it. 
We'll mock him even more when Stormy, Summer, and Karen take him down.
And we'll mock YOU when you are out of a job.
#FuckTrump #FuckTheWall
But I thought Mexico was paying for it.
THAT'S A BUNCH OF CRAP KELLYANNE! WHY THE HELL IS'NT MEXICO PAYING FOR THE WALL TRUMP RAN ON. WHY DON'T HE PAY FOR IT. SO STOP SAYING TRUMP'S DOING WHAT HE SAID HE WOULD DO. MEXICO LEADERS ARE LAUGHING AT TRUMP.  SO SAD!
The money isn’t for a new wall Kellyanne. The money is to repair current fencing.
.
Mr. Trump told us Mexico would pay for his wall. I know he would not lie to us, ever. (Please pass the pitcher of kool-aid, I need another gulp)
I can't listen this woman.
this administration keeps rubbing #maga supporters nose in it eventually they'll catch on to what you are
Anyone care that a revolution is happening while you try to ignore it?  Don’t worry we’ve got this.
Why are you adding salt to the wound?  Really, Trumps wall was not funded.
Succubus
Why are we paying for the wall. That’s not the promise 45 made. It’s how you’ll spin it though. More alternative facts from your crazy a$$.
Billions?!?! Asked for $25 billion, got $1.6 billion and that goes to mostly repairs! Where are you getting billions from? Oh wait, this is Conway! Oh okay, alternative facts. Nevermind.
They are having BILLIONS OF  DOLLARS STOLEN FROM THEM
Idiot, there not giving the money for any other reason than they want to rest of the 1.3TRILLION dollars to fatten their districts. #Trumps wall is so yesterday come a certain Tuesday in November 2018.
