I do hope someone is helping Kelly Ann too.

#release the tarmac video
there's the video, what does it prove?
What drugs do you use Kellypuke? It sure looks like you use something.
Kellyanne says let the eat cake!
Thanks for the great service you provide to our president and our country. The media chooses to ignore the issue, even though ten times as many people die everyday, than died in the Florida school shooting.
What will you do for addicts?
A. Tell them drugs are bad
B. Jail cell and Gatorade 
C. Shady Suboxone clinic
D. None of the above
Lying disgusting
Ha ha Ha ha ha !!!
Was this @WhiteHouse doing about treating mental health?
Just another blah blah excuse for doing nothing.  If you ARE doing something - show the strategy and plan and involvement of stakeholders - the what when and where.  Basic management 101.  What are you hiding?  What actions map to Christie's commission?
buy ivanka
Kelly Anne is so hot!!!!
She is Satan's trophy wife after all...

Thats funny. Spot on
#OpioidEpidemic #StopEveryDayKillers The Pill Locker prevents addiction without interfering with doctor/patient relationship when prescribing & disbursing pain meds & psychotropics Prevent Patients from Becoming Addicts...Watch this Two Minute Video:

https://youtu.be/gsy0z6FjwPQ 
Why do chronic pain people have to suffer? People that sell their pain medication, give it away, abuse it? I dont abuse my pain pills, I dont mix it! You can die! I was given gabapentin by a doctor that new I was taking oxycodone! Very deadly together! Over time same as mixing!
The Pill-Locker can be part of a network that prevents improper prescribing and allows legitimate patients to receive the medication that they need. Remember each Pill-Locker has a programmable microcomputer inside.
Cut your HAIR!

Beljak: Razmišljamo o referendumu o Vatikanskim ugovorima http://vijesti.hrt.hr/439136/kreso-beljak-u-nu2-zasto-odmak-od-tradicionalizma … via @HRTvijesti
energoprojekt tsx
Sverige Estland Malta Malmö
Trump’s budget could help fight the opioid crisis — if it didn’t try to repeal Obamacare

I hope you are paid, Kellyanne. I couldn't imagine spewing the lies, idiocy, and hatred you do. I'm glad I don't have to be a trashy liar for a living.  Do you hate our country? And PLEASE stop claiming you like the Eagles; you're a Jersey girl working for someone who slams NFL.

Kellyanne Conway didn’t take her BS pills today. In a rare moment of candour this morning, she admitted that James Comey threw the election for Trump. I hope she forgets to take those pills when Mueller calls her in for another interview.
this is a wax museum representation, correct?
#release the tarmac video

What happened to your "face"?
Give addicts pot
the problem is big Pharma, go after them then we will believe that you are seriously concerned
Might be time for you to look for a new opportunity for you to dig your evil claws into. This one isn’t going to be available much longer.
As long as we keep having the free flow of drugs coming thru open borders, we'll never solve the problem. Those who come out of rehab will get re addicted.

The addiction doesn’t end with 30 days of treatment keep up the great work
You're a blood sucker Kelly - you were once anti-trump!... Now following the fame + money .
Trump believes you're his buddy is sad.
- - You float to your interest with smarts. 

@FLOTUS @MELANIATRUMP @DonaldJTrumpJr @POTUS @PressSec @politico @CBSNews
Liars

On Trump's WALL tweet: You're deceiving no one, especially your base. Do you mean the BORDER FENCE being rebuilt in San Diego, a fence photos clearly illustrate keeps NO ONE OUT? A joke! And those who have supported you are angry you're WASTING TAX PAYER DOLLARS on it! #ARealWall

Kellyanne Conway tells Fox she finds Comey's comments on the Trump marriage "particularly egregious," and people of all political stripes" should push back.…
You are the leaker can ou be trusted stop accusing everyone else
How about directing your attention to healing @realDonaldTrump for a change.
You need your meds adjusted. Again.
your hubby's been talking shit about your hero trump. i bet it makes for interesting dinner convo.
you're not fit to tie my shoe much less influence medical care. BACK AWAY from the mic, kelly.
excuse me.....kellykrackhead, but where did you get your medical degree, trump university?
God your scary Kelly
Plain and simple, loosen restrictions on prescribing, allowing patients to get clean meds which ARE safe, not driven to fatal counterfeits.
Hey Lying Kellyanne: Some new Botox in your face?
wow nyc
Put out of Commission! Dirty Scheme!
DO YOU GET LONELY LIVING IN THE SEWERS? DO YOU ENJOY IT?
Really??? You want to treat the whole person for those who chose to continue to do drugs but when it comes to welfare you don't wanna treat the whole person with education etc to treat the poverty at the root of the problem. Makes no sense to me but we are living in trumpland.
Looks like he's working on tapping Kellyanne's ass
Look like Kellyanne has a lover, we can see him checking out her ass right behind her in the pic...go get him drooler
Awesome job Mr Trump!
You ugly #impeachKellyAnne
great pic mama

Remind me again what policy-making position is held by Kellyannmaryalicethelmalouise
God Bless!
This is a great challenge and will require a steadfast commitment, empathy and justice.
From the originator of alternative facts and the bowling green massacre...pure trump
Well, if the whole person is being considered, one would most certainly need to include the Spirit of man as well.
and what are her credentials to take this on? Oh, that's right - in the Trump WH, you don't need credentials. You just need to be a "friend".
Perhaps to set an example, Kellyanne can be the first to enter a treatment program for the "whole person".

Treating the WHOLE PERSON is the approach and philosophy of the Osteopathic Medical professionals throughout this great country, and it has been our philosophy for over 100 years Ask me how I know? Because I AM one.
Haven’t had much to applaud KAC for, but I applaud any steps forward on this crisis. It has touched close to home in my family and many others and the rapid acceration occurring very alarming.
Ms. Conway is in the wrong role.  She is not an ethical person.

cabinet departments...   #Swamp #Pruitt #Corruption #Putin #Mueller #USA #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll #Oligarchy #CorporateWelfare #Trump #GOP #MAGA #Racism #Fascism #Greed #NationalPetDay #StopPompeo
As @DNC Fake 12 Pt Midterm Lead Drops To 6, Hillary’s Revenge Heats Up Her Checklist:
#Fake #FusionGPS Dossier & Media Flood
#Storm Of Fake Accusers 
Avenatti ScreamingTake Down Trump 
@PreetBharara Ny Officé MichaelCohen Raid 
#AccessHollywood REPEAT! #MAGA
#ThankYou
Love you Kellyanne. 
#thankyouPresidentTrump
Can't wait to get the WHOLE RUN DOWN on kellyannes solution, what she really understands & what she couldn't possibly grasp. CLOSED MINDS WILL NEVET BE THE SOLUTION. Take it from a former heroin addict who is in a methadone program & has been clean for 4 yrs now.
Bathhouse Barry for prison and Hillary too
