Moments like that are only in the movies. I wonder how she knew you were a journalist?
Nope, moments like that AREN'T only in the movies. It might seem so, but no. When they happen in real life, it certainly makes you sit up and listen.
Especially when someone approaches when their emotional. It means that they trust you and they just want someone to listen.
Thanks, it's always an honor for me to hear someone's story.
Teenagers are so vulnerable can be easily influenced , and when they don't have the support, motivation, structure and guidance. They will seek out for instant pleasure and attention. Living in a rural area can be rough & not enough support within reach.
Extremely well said!
Nothing embellished?
This is non-fiction.
Beautifully written and paced. Heartbreaking. I had not previously considered the correlation between opioid addiction and suicide.
Thanks so much for your nice comments. I'm glad you took the time to read about Madison.
Excellent, yet troubling article Juliet. Thank you for telling their stories. My niece, who lived in a small town outside of Madison, WI, told us heroin was the “most popular” drug in her high school (and this was 4 years ago).
Oh my, that's so shocking and troubling that I can't even fathom it. Thanks for reading the story and sharing what your niece said. It's awful.
An inspiring and brilliant piece of work on such an emotive subject. First class as ever Juliet.
Thanks, that's so nice of you to say. I appreciate that you read the story.
Remarkable writing. Thank you for telling their story. I hope there are follow ups planned. I feel such compassion for that community.
Thank you so much. I'd love to keep writing about Madison. There are people trying to make changes there so the town can turn itself around. I'm hopeful that they can be effective.
Unbelievable piece of journalism. Thank you for writing it. I’m sure it could not have been easy.
You are so welcome. Thanks for reading it. And you're right -- it wasn't easy to talk to parents who have lost children to drugs or suicide. I can't imagine their pain and could never even dream of understanding what they're going through.
I coached at a tiny rural school near Lafayette, IN. We lost at least one kid to suicide because of pills seemingly every summer. It's a scourge in the the rural Midwest, but it just keeps being swept under the rug. Thank you for writing this.
Oh, my, I'm so sorry to hear that about your school. It's so awful that this is happening. Heartbreaking. Thanks for sharing and for reading my story.
Thanks for writing it. It looks like @atreya_verma might be doing a piece about the area.
Thanks for writing this article.  We lived in the Madison, IN area for 13 years and it is exactly as you describe. @PMo60 is as genuine as they come.
It was a really great article. Disturbing and enlightening at the same time. Hoping Patric and others in the community can come together and turn it around there
Thanks so much for your comments and for reading the story. There's a big upside to Madison...
Absolutely. I went to Hanover College nearby, very familiar with the area. Rooting for things to turnaround. Again, great article!
this sport does nothing but create carnage, CTE and drug addiction.
I've written a lot on CTE and the dangers of football. Yet football still has so many positive attributes -- like everything I mentioned in the story. I believe it's saving lives in Madison.
I hear the same line about boxing gyms in the rough inner cities. Reality it is a sign that what Malcom Gladwell called the ghettoiziation of the sport. A way out for only the most impoverished and desperate.
Thank you, Juliet. Much of Indiana is mired in despair. Jobs pay too little, housing too much, 30,000 + kids in foster care from abuse and drug addiction.  It's a major crisis with no forseeable end.
Thanks for reading the story. I agree that all of this is just so heartbreaking. The trouble is where do start if you want to fix things? I say anywhere -- just pick and issue and see how you can help. Call your elected representative and force he or she to listen.
Such important reporting. Almost every challenge America's middle class faces and which our current economic thinking fails to understand or address. Thank you.
You are so welcome. I appreciate you taking the time to read the story.
@RyanDLeaf is a huge support that this high school needs. Use that man-- he has so much to give!
I've reached out to him. Hope he responds!
So sad. Thank you for reporting this. Q) what can people do to help?
Thanks. Good question about how you can help. I'm going to figure out the best way and will get back to you. I appreciate you wanting to lend a hand.
Ms. Macur, you are an asset to your profession.
Thank you. It's so nice of your to say that. I am grateful for your very kind words.
Kids just need hope. This article shows how a coach can provide that hope. Here is a coach that fully understands his opportunities and the true measures of success that transcend Xs and Os. May God bless him and his community.
Very nicely written. Thank you!
Thank you, Ms. Macur, for the depth and care you put into this touching problem. I am a teacher and coach; it’s so encouraging to hear of other quality human beings and leaders that serve and work alongside our youth.
Thank you so much for your kind words. And thanks for your service as a teacher and a coach. They're some of my favorite people!
Magnificent article, @JulietMacur. Many tears in these eyes. I retweeted praising it, but said we need more focus on the economy youth face: paychecks cut in half, pensions eliminated, school budgets savaged, unions broken.  --Ron, a UAW-Ford retiree.
Thanks, Ron. You're right. There's much more to examine in these communities to find out why they're struggling. The problem has become so multi-faceted and complex, which is partly why no one can seem to fix it. I totally see your point.
Didn't think you were unaware. You've opened many to a deeper understanding by taking them in thru the sports page door--hope that'll help spread the article. And, Oh, that opening encounter with the waitress--never a better hook, in the best sense.
I graduated from Hanover College in the late 90's, 5 miles away from Madison (VP Pence's Alma Mater BTW)  and this problem simply didn't exist, it has only cropped up in the last 20 years. It is crazy to think it's gotten this bad.
Thanks, I was wondering what things were like there in the past. And I agree - it is crazy how things have gotten out of hand. But they are still fixable, right?
I certainly hope so.
i'm just curious juliet, what was the story you were reporting that brought you to this community when you met the waitress?
I was there to write about how the opioid crisis affects a town's football team. I had no idea about the suicide problem. That changed pretty quickly, though. It was a punch to the gut.
wow, thanks for the reply. i actually forgot i had asked this question. 

i appreciate the insight.
In writing this story, were you aware of any of the research carried out which shows writing a story in this manner perpetuates/fosters suicide cycle? Research shows that presenting a story in this manner is likely to see an upswing in suicide attempts.
At least two people at NYT comments made similar comment on effects of articles about suicide.  Thanks for sharing. I'll be sure to check your link as I couldn't get NYT comments to open links.
Yes, I'm aware of what has been written and believe that venting this issue is one way to get help for it.
I’m not suggesting you don’t talk about it at all. I applaud you for talking about it. But I am concerned that if not done with an understanding of how press coverage can affect suicide attempts you do both harm and good.
I read this article this morning. As a recovering addict myself, this article was incredibly powerful. The HC of that football team is a hero and I hope he knows that. Today I’m 2,874 days sober...because of this article and that coach, I’ll make it to day 2,875. God Bless #sober
Thanks so much for sharing a bit of your story. Your post moved me and I'm glad my story could help you. Wishing you lots of strength and motivation in continuing your sobriety. You've done such a great job already. 
Good morning Ms. Macur. Your article was inspiring and awakening. I thank you for enlightening all of America on how truly devistating this epidemic is.  

Your well wishes and kind words will propel me to another day sober today. Thank you for all you’ve done and all you do
Wanted to share this with you. A local sign company made this sobriety sign for me. Just got it today. It even has an LED timer on the bottom to reflect my days sober! If my community, family, and friends are all behind me...how can I fail?? #soberlife #sober #blessed
Heartbreaking story, Juliet. Thanks for doing it.
Thank you very much. I am so glad you liked the story.
I always enjoy your columns, but I’m glad your editors let you do this one. More like this; please!
A truly sad story, heartbreaking, but using blanket statements like #opioidcrisis only means it will be harder for #ChronicPain patients. What about us? What about people living in hellish pain that get nothing to reduce that pain? We are dying because of this blanket drug war!
This story is terribly sad. Man. They need help.
Whose making the billions of dollars on this drug?
The unemployment rate in the town that this article highlights is 4% but 1/5 children are living in poverty?  That should tell you that something is seriously wrong with the emp rate as a measure of the economic well-being of a community.
Well said. Employment stats have narrow definitions that are rarely discussed to give context to the results. It’s similar to thinking the Stock market is the economy.
Yes, exactly - so frustrated that every news outlets consider it the daily measure of the health of the economy. Might as well use how good your hair looks as a measure of individual well-being
Our rural TN county is trying to fight back by filing a lawsuit against the pharmaceutical companies.
Nashville, TN (2018-03-05) On Friday, the Nashville law firm engaged by Scott County to sue several prescription opioid manufacturers and distributors filed the case in U.S. District Court in Knoxville.
Yea bc we have lost the ability to place blame on the individual, so did the fork make you fat? Or car cause the dui or my fav the gun kills without a person pulling tge trigger.
I agree with you on that. I do believe in personal responsibility.   But we have to start somewhere.  You have to stop the leak before you can clean up the mess.
Thank u for writing this. I have family in a tiny town in MO and the story is the same. :(
hy
Indiana is really messed up, no matter what Mike Pence might say.  “Indiana wants me, Lord I can’t go back there.”  I lived in Terre Haute for three years and my father was a professor at Indiana State (ISU).
I se what you did there with the song.
R. Dean Taylor 
I still remember all of the lyrics.
Great story! Tragically it is rampant in this country.
I get why kids want to try drugs for fun, but I dont get why they choose heroin and not weed. How does someone ever get interested in trying a drug where you stick a needle in your arm?  Dont we all know how pathetic junkies look like? It's just a strange choice to me.
This is front page news, not Stormy Daniels...
The comments left underneath the actual article are absolutely disgusting, a truly atrocious display of peoples eroding sense of humanity. I really wish I hadn’t read through those comments, they made me sad.
Some are positive. Try to focus on those. The person who is over 2000 days sober.
You should go to Johnstown, PA. Heard from my brother in law, who grew up there, that they are also hit hard by this.
These folks were once known as salt of the earth...people we believed were solid as a rock. What the fu** is wrong with our country? Why is this happening everywhere?
@KellyannePolls great writing- thank you! I notice a similar change in our NW states and smaller towns - the locals need help
Have been hearing about opioid crisis, but your story shook me. Future of this country looks scary if this epidemic is not checked
Excellent story about suicide among young people in a small Indiana town. Looks at a lot of the issues but focuses on efforts by high school football coach to influence kids. Comments are good as well. -- M.
Heartbreaking story. I hope there’s more to come. It sounds like there’s lots to explore about how its location in the “drug-trafficking triangle connecting Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Louisville” factors in.
Excellent point. Distributors often look for towns near major highways. The towns don’t have the police resources to fight them off.
Well, two different issues and influences but big pharma is the next to tackle for sure.

Hey Juliet, Maybe ease up for a minute or two on all the fake Trump news and go out to see what real news is out there?
Why so many young men with drug, alcohol and emotional problems. Some societal reasons, men demonized as rapists and lack of fathers in their lives. But more importantly there are physiological reasons.
All you did was retweet this. What are you going to DO about it, KA? All talk.
This is a must read @PaulBromby
And trick-or-treating eaters
This was so well written, and heart wrenching. Great job.
Shocking. Hope the story helps.
Great article. Heartbreaking yet uplifting.
Are you aware that a similar thing happened in Maine about 12 years ago?
Also grateful to have a conservative president in the White House. Liberal policies keep people poor and that leads to depression and drug abuse. All the poorest cities are run by democrats. 

#voteconservative
So grateful that our wonderful president @realDonaldTrump is addressing this massive epidemic of drug addiction! No other president has even mentioned it...
What a heartbreaking story! Thank you for telling it!
Thank you for telling this story. We have got to help the people being steamrollered - all our fellow citizens, all ethnicities, all regions - and at same time fight the demagoguery that can grow from
despair.
I have an idea to combat the drugs .... First things first no cold turkey do not make these people get off these drugs cold turkey we have medications to help with withdrawals
We need to think of this in the same terms you would if it was a biological attack.  We need to treat these people as patients as victims with love kindness and without judgment
This is ALL middle America.  Most are barely getting bills paid and food on table.  I know many 20 year old single Moms working the equivalent of two full time jobs as CNAs.  They can't make ends meet and have no hope for future
Damn.
Wow .... today I had took a call from someone who wants to share their story about fentanyl and their loved one. I will share this with them. The opioid situation has also hit alarming levels in Alberta and frankly across a # of Cdn communities.  Thank you. ~ Camilla from CTV
Thanks for sharing.  Coaches go into the sports not for victories but for giving back. They go into it for the kids.  My kids have been blessed with incredible coaches throughout their sports careers and for that I am grateful.
The Indians  prefer Kotex
First time in a long time that I read the whole story. Sad, but what a great job you did it writing it. You have a wonderful talent.. pls let me have the opportunity to enjoy further your words.
Juliet, what a heart-wrenching story. 2 students at our HS wanted to give hope to those fighting addiction and recently made this video.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=PdXM0C2bwOg … 
They also have patent pending on pill dispenser aimed at limiting Rx intake to only as prescribed.
Powerful story!  Thank you for finding it and telling it.
Madison,Indiana is a living example of the sick drug culture of America.
Men are not a protected http://class.No  jobs,no family stability.The schools have teachers who support SOME drug use.
The federal involvement
in Cities is proof of more
failure.
Maybe the current Admin could get back $$$ for rehabs and rebuilding destroyed communities.

Retweet if you want Democrat Conor Lamb to win on Tuesday! Here’s video of his opponent Rick Saccone blaming families of opioid addicts for the epidemic. Says Gov’t shouldn’t help out.

…
Very sad article
Really, really good article.
Sad story & a problem I feel starts with opioids. Drug companies & dispensers are the culprits. My hometown ortho Dr.  arrested no publicity of conviction, and since has purchased $ 1.3 M of investment property for cash! #somtingWrong!
Believe me when I say that you know someone affected by the opioid crisis. It’s everywhere.
Yeah, you guys helping in Flint too?
@coachshattuck
Ppl need to realize with everything that we do has cause-and-effect because we put the wrong people in office the effect is....
What an amazing article! Thank u! Sending it to my 18 year old son.
Kids need a parent to be home for them, involved with them at a much deeper level of engagement and with respect and love....like that coach is there for them, anticipating, intervening carefully, corralling and keeping them on the move.
Put GOD back in schools and start re-teaching Biblical principles and you'll be AMAZED at how such issues will clear up!  Your run-away-from-God is the *major* cause of despair among the young. You'll see, in time!
Sounds like Plano High School back in the day.
No one cares....
this is happening in everytown USA!!!
Sad
You really should do more on this. Like Mike Pence's roll as Governor & how his Actions actually contributed to what's going on with Madison & other Drug Infested counties throughout Indiana. His WarOn AIDS among drug users that actually raised overdose deaths.
Pence Is A Failure
This is powerful. 
And scary. 
And sad.
Heartbreaking, and impactful article.
Thank you for posting this Juliet. The story drew me in completely and I had some tears in my eyes come end.
Excellent, heart wrenching report.
did the @nytimes do any stories on this subject before 2018?
Tremendously done, Juliet...
I live in Indiana and the opioids in the state are off the charts. Even reached closer to home than I ever thought. Gotta keep communication lines open and trust is a must.
I grew up there back in the late 80s. Played football there. This piece was a gut punch.
Powerful story. My heart goes out to Madison. Thank you.
Tragic.
That's what liberalism will do only few know it.  No hope
Incredible. This is any town USA and unless we as a society change its only going to get worse.
#AlternativeFacts
@JeffYalden thought this would be a place you can help
So sad 
Wow. I really don’t understand what is going on in these communities. Why is life so bad that you’d take such terrible risks? Just drink or smoke weed for goodness sakes.
Left stuck on gun control!! Our kids are dying of drug overdoses, building wall will stop lg amt of drugs coming, save our kids,build it NOW
This is as beautifully written as it is tragic. It really conveys the weight of the subject. Sad but well done.
Thank you for writing and sharing this.
Reveals the true mood that many now have. We are a nation of people who have been left behind due to the wealth all going to the top few of our nation. You have to raise everyone up or the suffering will get worse.
Thank you
Good ole Fly-Over country.
A GOOD rust belt trip for the NYT. Last graf is killer.
GREAT story! Sad! Florida has related state wide epidemic. We are the NATIONS #1 source for opioid deaths. We have 194k Floridians Baker Acted/year, 32k are children’s. Epidemic BEGAN after former Health Care Exec fired for Medicare Billing fraud took office as our Gov. Call CCHR
Google Baker Act Abuse. Watch videos. Call Citizens Commission on Human Rights. Ask to speak to recent victim who is taking fight for this state-wide fraud and abuse to new level. Florida Parkland Shooting should have never happened. $524M/YR/ in JUST involuntary Baker Acts.
In states that have legalized marijuana there has been a 25% decrease in opioid addiction. Tell me again this isn't correlated that the story is written about a small town in Indiana addicted to opioids while the governor refuses to Legalize It.
I think you are referring to overdose deaths, but heroin overdose deaths in CO have increased.  Reduction in prescription opiate deaths likely due to crackdown on prescribing opiates leading people to heroin, per Denver Post
what a heartbreaking story
This is just heart wrenching. Thank you for sharing their story.
It’s all too heartbreaking...
Sounds to me like the town has a very good serial killer and dog shit sheriff...
You don’t need walls you need to hold pharma responsible As well as the doctor that start the cycle
Kellyanne! You should be in jail! 
First, all you do is lie!
Then you violated Hatch Act not once, but twice! 
You will pay for your blatant abuse of the law!!! 
#FireKellyanne
#HatchAct
Suicide under any circumstance is wretched to deal with. These pill-pushers must be stopped. Terribly sad story.
Wow! #Powerful
A small quibble about an otherwise interesting article: infants can be opioid dependent but not addicted -addiction is not the same thing as dependency.
And Trump's response is not going to help this town and their kids.
Nothing makes you happy, how about drug adicts just stop using drugs?
Excellent article.
Excellent piece, powerfully written
Wow! Thank you for the reporting and, without sugar-coating their lives, your descriptions reveal the human side of this tragedy. This town is in my daily prayers.
Dude I’ve been doing drugs for like 10 years, they’re awesome
Incredible story thanks for covering this
Its in CT aswell, plus corrupt small town cops that form their own mafia. Garbage never gets taken out
This article could describe many small towns in America.
So tragic & the reasons are many but one contributing factor maybe these children seeing their parents working so hard-multiple jobs & still living in poverty which gives them no hope for the future-like Janesville,Paul Ryan’s mess of his hometown-where kids see two different US
Sounds like Plano, Tx for the past thirty years.
A fine article and needs to be read by many.
Thank you for sharing this
this is a huge wakeup call, if in fact we still need one
I've been a tourist in Madison Indiana many years ago when I lived outside of Cincinnati Ohio. My husband and I shopped the stores and  had a nice lunch.  We can spend 25 billion on a wall but forget helping our citizens.
Great article. These small towns are the true “forgotten”. I live near Madison & we have the same issues happening here. It’s every where.
But it's not just SmallTowns -I moved to D.C. from MetroDetroit 2yrs ago-a major metro are that had been suffering w/chronic addiction all over for over a decade-from poor ppl to rich kids in exurbs-we were decimated by Recession & just got worse & worse-idk if ppl know HOW BAD.
I weeny to 1 of best Uni there is-studied Neurosci & worked for top Addiction Researcher-& all my close friends from that prog became junkies-really smart ppl who understood & had as much 'opportunity' ppl from MI can hav. Not to mention friends & boyfriend from home who R Dead
We hear it all the time-& at least ppl r now aware how much of a prob there is-but I don't think ppl not living in it really grasp how big & deep the prob is. I was actually shocked when I moved here to D.C. to find ppl live normal lives-DONT try 2 sell me drugs EVERYWHERE I go.
Agreed. It’s a huge problem every where. Small towns have the added problem of not having resources to deal with it. There are areas where the nearest hospital is 50miles away. Scott County IN (next to Madison) had the HIV crisis a couple of years ago.
Thanks for writing this.
Outstanding article. This is a real epidemic that does not have one simple fix. I appreciate you bringing more light upon this situation. Bravo...
This is absolutely heartbreaking. Thank-you for this article.
Sad story and we would like to think that the numbers for Madison's graduation rates are high, employment is good, etc. The story didn't give any details about the entire population. Do public officials recognize a problem? What are they doing?
I grew up 10 miles from Madison in a smaller town up river in 70s/80s. I still visit the area frequently. It’s a good article & can fully picture it.  Thanks for writing it.

Good that @realDonaldTrump recognizes this as an issue. No simple answer. #maga
Wow
Wow...just wow...I live in Louisville and never knew this was such a huge problem...
Oh bullshit.  Addiction is a fringe response which is why not everyone who partakes becomes a food addict, alcoholic, nicotine addict, etc.  If there is a real tragedy here, why dramatize it? Report it straight.
Heartbreaking and beautiful.
Thank you for this. It’s time that we faced this scourge on our country.
@jaketapper well done!
Iowa is going through this as well. Small towns with high suicide and addiction.
Maybe increasing dog ownership might help?
Look at countless small towns in West Virginia. Oh yeah,out leaders just defeated a hefty tax on opioids.

The dark other side of the Pence ultra-conservative state.
@realDonaldTrump  a small piece of  the real story of USA readiness, your camps greed is killing us #trumpthat
So very sad. This is the “Great Depression “ taking another form.
Heartbreaking.
@KellyannePolls is going to be remembered in history for the phrase “Alternative facts”, breaching the Hatch Act and being a pawn of David Dennison. You are only 66, enjoy your life!
Pitty that this same empathy isn't given to working class Black communities that were destroyed by the crack epidemic. 
In The "bible belt" more drugs are consumed than anywhere else in America. Most gods destroyed the ones they couldnt stand to look at. Drug overdose ur modern day floods and fire. AMEN TO THAT
Good article but you state there’s a lack of counseling services, and any team can only help those picked for it.
I would say that's the problem of the town and not the news. You involved the news it'll make it even worse! If you have drug issues in your town then go speak to your mayor go speak to the people that are in charge if they won't do anything go higher up!
Outstanding article. Well done.
Winning is so important. Probably started with steroids and then up.people need dreams they want a taste of the good life. Of course a road to a dream is a great goal, but sometimes your dream can be a nightmare.
Must read.
She states that Madison is a swing shift city where parents work two or more jobs to make ends meet. She also stated the average income in Madison is over 50k, and the cost of living in the state of Indiana is lower than most states. 50k is pretty high. Hmmm
Any compliments for your reporting or the work Coach Morrison is doing would be poor and inadequate.  Thank you for telling their story, and thanks to the coach making a difference in kids lives.
A heart wrenching & must read story for all.....Thank you, Juliet...
Indiana... Pence???
I read this story and cried 3 times.
Could the pollution from those nearby coal-fired power plants be a factor?
Just WOW! What a sad story.
How is it starting? Who is supplying the drugs? Is there a common thread? There has to be a reason...someone needs to find the root causes.
This had me sobbing. Those poor kids. God bless their coach.
Wow, it's so great to see a writer with heart on the Times these days. I will read your story with great interest. Like so many parents these days, I have a stake in the subject matter. Keep up your good work. I don't usually read the sports page.
My wife's hometown. One of the most historic around. Great place to visit
Great story. Thanks.
It's the culture of American high school which is partly to blame!   

Unfortunately,  this culture never leaves some Americans as they infiltrate or work their way through business or government!  High Schools are part of the problem!
Amazing.
Sad beyond belief. I weep for America.
It's so unbelievable what happened to our county in just a few decades. This country needs to get back to GOD before it's too late.
JUST OUTLAW OXYCOTIEN ! BIG PHARMA CAN USE $$$ TO FIND A NON-ADICTIVE PAINKILLER !!! GETR DONE !
Are you aware of the suicide contagion cluster in Silicone Valley? This book talks a lot about it.
These people know their killing themselves. We need to invest money in smart people . I have no pitty for drug user and we should execute drug dealers and pushers. Obama used and sold cocaine . Hollywood Jews are pushing drugs! WAKE UP FOLKS! CLOSE THE BORDERS!
Very sad
@KellyannePolls @nytimes 
Blame the drug maker ?
Like blaming the gun manufacturer
Blame piss poor parenting and choices
The drugmakers downplayed the risk of addiction and turned a blind eye towards suspicious large shipments of opiods, because they were making money. Sounds like they deserve some of the blame, right? Not all.
Juliet, a powerful and extremely well written article.
We've got a proven model for turning this sort of epidemic around - Tobacco.  Every States Attorney General should be banding together to fight this drug.
Just keep cranking those damned prescription drugs out there on the market so people can get addicted to them.
