Is the FDA, CDC and NIH still believing+ using+ contracting Ogilvy PR to collect handpick such cases from Social Media? Is Ogilvy still contracted by long term customer Endo Pharma, making 4 Billion $ a year, mainly Opioids?  https://www.holmesreport.com/latest/article/ogilvy-adds-cdc-frc-fda-nih-social-marketing-work …
This is bullshit, sir.
This is amazing. Salmonella will not live in dried material. This is likely another fabrication.
thank you Scott; educate us please..
Hoping you are being sarcastic. If you need education from Scott you are shit out of luck and beyond misinformed
Not asking anyone to educate me...for sure... Thanks.. luv u!!
If at first you don't succeed lie, lie, and lie again - Scott Gottlieb MD
#KeepKratomLegal 
#KratomSavesLives 
#ScienceMatters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKdCfxLWaa0&feature=share …

Excuse me Mr. Gottlieb. Let me just shine this light on the subject.
This is actual hyperbole from a tweet by @SGottliebFDA: "... there's no safe kratom product...".

Paula Brown, PhD, director of natural health research group at B.C. Institute of Technology says: “I’m very skeptical that kratom could actually be attributed as a cause of death.”

FDA/DEA bought by #BigPharma
They want to market new pain killer developed from #kratom alkaloids
They're taking #opiates that work for some
& trying to ban kratom that works for others…
Why not a single kratom product tested positive for salmonella? 
Which Kratom organization is controlled opposition to not retweet how Opioid traders PR ran or runs PR and collects cases in social media for FDA, CDC and NIH? https://www.holmesreport.com/latest/article/ogilvy-adds-cdc-frc-fda-nih-social-marketing-work …
While technically correct, some of the active components in kratom do bind to opioid receptors, that alone does not mean that it is a dangerous substance nor does it indicate the degree of danger. More junk science from the Trump admin.
Only 8 people of 11 interviewed had even used kratom yet you claim that was the cause? Had did the others get sick? Did it float in the air to them?? Has the cdc/FDA even tested the kratom? Stop trying to mislead the public for your own agenda @SGottliebFDA #keepkratomlegal
Scientists have disagreed with you every step of the way.
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
It’s hard to imagine how ashamed @SGottliebFDA has made his family.. This is a man who bashed Kratom and fails to ever post a legit study or source.. This is a man who is feed by big Pharma and who literally campaigns for herion and other opiates. A true piece of shit.
When in truth #kratomsaveslives #iamkratom
You're delusional
No more dangerous than smoking pot. It’s a natural herb grown in Indonesia. You’ve dump us on vaping now take away another natural product that’s helped million off of opioid use

Is the FDA, CDC and NIH still contracting the key strategist of Opioid sales leader Endo pharma Ogilvy to run their social media analysis? Still use Ogilvy Big Data Insight service to select such cases? https://www.holmesreport.com/latest/article/ogilvy-adds-cdc-frc-fda-nih-social-marketing-work …
Can you imagine 8 people contracting salmonella from Broccoli & the FDA stating "There is no safe Broccoli product".
@US_FDA is being lobbied by big Pharma . They are CORRUPT
Similar risks of addiction? You mean like FDA approved Oxycontin? Not even close, nice try though. 
#IamKratom
I love that by demonizing this safe and effective plant so harshly, more and more people are actually finding out about it. #Kratomissafe #Firescottgottlieb
This is a joke.
Only an opiod can be an opiod...no common sense coming out of the FDA...as usual...ban the good shit...keep the poison
BULLSHIT
And I can't seem to find any information on the one vendor your administration claims was responsible for this outbreak.
Hey Scott did you forget to list some sources? Weird how is been beyond proven your science is falling short... I. Can’t imagine how ashamed your family is of you backing big pharma and promoting herion overdoses.
I heard it was linked tondairy cow's, but that wouldn't make a good story, eh?
Heres Dr Gottleib
You’re gonna be fired soon
Is this because you and your cronies want to corner the market in this too.
Still no reports in the #kratom community that anyone has gotten sick. Good. And no evidence that any distributor was involved.
Everyone listen to scott! Take elephant tranquilizers instead!!!! Lmao. Your a crook and a bum scott.
This is ridiculous one bad batch & your going to ban the whole natural remedy that helps thousands of people! #kratom #KratomChangesLives
Where do you get opioids in kratom?  Do some research first. Pure stupidity spewed here.
There is no safe lettuce out there, but we eat it anyway!
How much money has big pharma put in your pocket scotty?? You're a joke and many independent scientists have disagreed with you every step of the way. You and your buddies are killing us with your poison but you're so concerned with losing customers you need a scape goat.#kratom
You're a liar and a crook. You shouldn't be allowed to continue to spew misinformation. You're nothing but a big pharma crony like you always have been. SHOW ME THE PROOF and when you're done providing that you better start banning anything else with salmonella rates higher!
Saying "Kratom is an opioid" over and over again doesn't make it true. You are a liar. If your crusade against kratom succeeds, you will also be a murderer. You will have blood on your hands.
Good grief! I never even heard of this!
need to investigate the stupidity outbreak in the White House and west wing
English please
#kratom Like #ecigs are cutting into #BigPharma profits
@US_FDA doing whatever it takes to protect them profits!
@SGottliebFDA going for pharmaceutical representative of the year 2018!
opioids come from pharma , which is probably trying so hard to get that out there
sounds like the pharma u are kissing up too
Yall have lost your minds, kratom is the answer to get people off opiods. We all know Gottlieb is after it because Big Pharma isn't making any money. KEEP KRATOM LEGAL!
Please stop your lies!
Never even heard of Kratom until I read this tweet today.  Ow I'm on it. Liquid. It's awesome. Thanks, FDA!
Then why cant you identify the brand and lot everyone took? Have you actually tested any Kratom that tested positive for salmonella? No b/c if you had itd be all over the news. Once again making claims with absolutely no evidence nothing but speculation.
When you buy any edible in a gas station, isn't it a given to have food poisoning?
Man does the #FDA hate Kratom. Seem to be doing everything they can to shit on it. Why? I know so many that it helps. Something fishy going on in my humble opinion.
Safety concerns? Where were you when we were all getting hooked on prescription opioids? Also this is complete bullshit. Kratom is putting a hurt on the bottom line of Big Pharm is what they're worried about. You'll COST lives with a kratom ban you fool.
Would FDA say "there is no safe broccoli product" if bacteria was found on it? Of course not. This proves the "safety concerns" are just theatre.
If it's an opiod like cheese, sure, whatever. What happens when this turns out to be a lie, what claim is next? You make more false claims than what you're claiming we make. No one's buying your lies that's why you keep coming up with new ones
Ridiculous!!! If true there would be a huge out break ,,I smell a plant
FDA controlling the people again!!! Probably laced the Kratom with Salmonella to ban it...Big-pharm cant lose the addicts they have!
bullshit
Goebbels?? Is that you?
Not a single person agrees with what you do. You got a big mortgage you're trying to pay off with the money you you from the pharmaceutical rats? You are despicable. Absolutely the worst. You're a pusher for pharmaceutical crap. You're what I consider a fuckface
How convenient for you....Jerk.
"expected to have similar risks of addiction, abuse, and death" - Completely and utterly contrary to every bit of scientific literature available. Please show any study that says that kratom is as dangerous as a traditional opiate/opioid.
Sorry..  I like it.
Issue a Warning then ~ Not criminalize what you know to be crucial to the health of millions! You got to survive cancer only to deny relief to others? #kratamsaveslives #iamkratom NOT a Criminal @POTUS #QAnon #ReleaseTheCures
Conspiracy theorists are probably thinking the gov’t is behind it to keep people from using opioids. “The gov’t is trying kill us! Ahhhh!” embarrassed 
The truth from this: there’s no safe Samonella! Lets face that fact! :)
"Expected to have similar risks of addiction, abuse & death," from a one time exposure to Kratom? Can the American people give your job to someone w/ some common sense?
Yes please
Hey this sounds like a good thing to make up.
Disband the FDA.  Form the Food & Plant Admin in its place.  Pills should be a LAST RESORT.
Here you go, https://www.cdc.gov/salmonella/coconut-01-18/index.html …. Funny, i dont see any tweets about banning coconuts. Big Pharma shill.
More FDA propaganda- you people will stop at nothing!  There is not enough evidence to prove this yet you spout misinformation like facts. Whats next, poisoning a shipment deliberately? Evil despots.
I wouldnt put in past them in fact I already had thought myself these crooks will stop at nothing if thier smear campaign just like an opioid doesnt work they will intentionally alter kratom products 2 justify the ban b/c big pharma is dying 2 get us back on thier posion pills!
They did it with alcohol during prohibition
If you use Kratom that you buy from sketchy vendors online with bitcoin don't be surprised one bit.....
If USA continues on this path just as we defeated the Soviet Union in the cold war with sanctions.. the world will defeat the UAS without firing a shot. Bible book of Revelation speaks of the Great Horror who sits on many Waters could this be the USA? Some Bible scholars think so
You aren't qualified for this job.
Dems promote genocide via pph and Rep promote genocide of ppl with uncontrollable pain. You live with constant pain of 7+ 24/7. Agree to many prescribed pain medicine but those that live in constant pain need pain medicine.  Aspirin/ tylenol is laughable. #CRPS @ThomasKlineMD
Jesus was right he said they are Forever Learning but never come to the knowledge of the truth.. greed has overwhelmed this world# just as the Russian leader during the Cold War said America would destroy herself from the inside out and that is what is happening now
Throughout the world they've been curing diseases for thousands of years, just like God gave Einstein his IQ and insight. Many years God's been teaching people throughout the world. In school the pyramid of nutrition. Now all of a sudden it's wrong after all them years
When is the FDA going to compel congress and the DOJ to lift the restrictions on marijuana research
Kratom is not an opioid, douche. It helps people get off opioids
Any natural cure are treatment the DEA because of money & politics always wants to swoop in and stop something good I don't know nothing about this plant.. Kevin Trudeau they destroyed his life. His book .The Things They don't want you to know about.. pharmaceutical companiesFDA
Seems like you'd rather head the DEA...
@Cernovich
Stooping low. Corruption will pay its price someday. If not in this life, certainly in the next. DO THE RIGHT THING.  Kratom saves lives
How much is big pharma paying you to push this BS. They just want these people hooked on their drugs. Kratom is taking buisness away and allowing addicts to function in society. Fuck off.
I LOVE PRESIDENT TRUMP BUT THIS KRATOM ISSUE IS BEING LUMPED IN WITH ILLEGAL CHINESE FENTANYL AND THAT IS A SCIENTIFIC ABSURDITY!
Hey Kellyanne, name one thing you’ve done for the opiod epidemic
But but it’s “all natural”...just like Salmonella.
Is it coming from China by any chance? 

Legalize marijuana
Total BULLLSHIT!!!
How mant deaths are expected from Tylenol within the next year? How about ibuprofen?  Where is the push to ban those? There isnt one, there never will be. #StopTheGreed
#StopLying
#WeWillNotBeSilenced
Stop lying @SGottliebFDA  stop the scare tactics. 
#kratomsaveslives 
#kratomcommunity 
#plantsNotpills
#kratomeducation
#ourchoice
I will NEVER understand how these people sleep at night!!! The blatant lies all for a few bucks are heinous! Peoples lives are being given back and are turning away from opioid$!!!!! BigPharma is pissed cuz they don't have their greedy hands in that one!!
Nothing but lies, I wouldn't expect anything less from a Trump appointee. Big pharma must be offering you boat loads of money to spread such nonsense. #fdasoldout
#iamkratom what lengths with the FDA go to before they finally admit they are wrong about Kratom
I don't believe you. The FDA can not be trusted because of its Pharma affiliations.
Because: who once lies we do not believe and even if he speaks the truth
German proverb
what is the German proverb?
Sprichwort
The CDC has not provided any data to support their claims. Again where is the evidence.
Funny how ive been using kratom for years and ive never had salmonella. Gee. I must be lucky. Cant say that about fast food. Or organic veggies. Or lunch meat. Or chicken,  Shall we ban those too?
U SHOULD BE FIred! I have never seen a more corrupt businessman w/ zero values/zero EMPATHY for the suffering people u are supposed to be protecting! GOD HELP YOU because surely u will be sent straight to hell for the torture you are inflicting on millions of innocent patients!
Let it go*
They are protecting suboxone stock don't want anybody finding something that might work
there are no safe pet turtles

https://www.cdc.gov/salmonella/agbeni-08-17/index.html …
there are no safe shredded frozen coconut products

https://www.cdc.gov/salmonella/coconut-01-18/index.html …
strange how you didn't conclude that there "are no safe raw sprouts" at @jimmyjohns

https://www.cdc.gov/salmonella/montevideo-01-18/index.html …
Per @CDCgov, only 8 of 28 sick since Oct consumed kratom. Within MONTHS.

8. 

Of 28. 

Since October.

Within MONTHS.

#keepkratomlegal
Hey thx...just what i was looking for
#keepKratomlegal
@SGottliebFDA Today you've had 100+ deaths by opoid overdose. Where's the real danger? Why aren't you posting those? Speak out #FDA !!! Your scare tactics aren't working any more! #kratom #IAMKRATOM #KratomSavesLives
100s of thousands of Americans consume kratom daily.

28 cases of salmonella nationwide from Oct-Feb. 

11 hospitalized. 

Eight of all of these "had consumed kratom."
If there’s no safe Kratom product, why are hundreds of thousands/millions of responsible people swearing by it? Perhaps if u enabled your twitter wall to HEAR from all those that u claim to want to help, you would hear the REAL STORIES!?
Scott, why are u creating lies about this safe herb? Could it be BC your company has a patent on kratom & UR A business man that owns a pharmaceutical company &  would like to make money off this 1000 yr old safe herb? Stop the ridiculousness. If u care about pain patients,STOP!
Why don't you offer the safeguards for dealing with Salmonella and the way to process products affected by it rather issuing a platitude that no Kratom is safe? You know Kratom is not a strict opioid--just adding some scare tactics for good measure, huh?
The #FDA is wrong because of incompetence, ignorance, malice, or greed. Millions of people have ingested #Kratom & been helped by it with zero ill effects. The people know the truth about #Kratom, #cannabis, #psychedelics & #opioids. It’s time to #EndMedicalSlavery & #EndtheDEA
"kratom is an opioid; expected to have similar risks of addiction, abuse, and death" said no one, ever. Well, beside you.  #kratom #AlternativeFacts
https://youtu.be/vZxKUz_JtVU 

Funny @SGottliebFDA , I hear inmate releases cold turkey off suboxone buprenorphine(but Never kratom) horror stories daily, because no on has a freakin clue or cares how to detox these people ofg subs because that makes Indiviors shareholders cranky.
OMG you can't explain all the false information you've put out there so now you make up lies.... Shut it!
Eleven people hospitalized? How many people are hospitalized on a daily basis from FDA APPROVED DRUGS? A LOT MORE THAN ELEVEN! 
#IamKratom
Chris, I hear ya.  When the American Kratom association Or any of us advocates demand the toxicology reports, how are is it that they’ve all been invalidated and false?
You keep retweeting hoping someone will side with you on this issue ?  No one has yet so maybe quit posting lies?  Part of your" outbreak" started in October where where you with the tweets then??
Kratom consumer for four-years, no problems. Prescribed Oxycontin for six-years years, big problems. 
#IamKratom
Kratom consumers for ONE THOUSAND YEARS... and NO OVERDOSES! :(
Oh, I'm an old widowed, disabled veteran and I was a writer. I make little films now. The VA likes me to practice electric guitar too. It's relaxing. The wife drinking herself to death and the government condoning it, kind of thing. So I support Marijuana legalization and Kratom.
I'm a widower and my wife drank a bottle of vodka a day. I took her car keys and ATM card, so she called the police, because in Missouri it is a person's constitutional right to buy bottled alcohol. She died a year after the cop told me to give her keys back to her.
you think if you post it enough times on your Twitter people are actually going to believe it?! Only the Sheep!
I'm honestly pressed at the extent you'll go to. I underestimated the incompetence and willingness to fabricate of your administration. #kratomeducation
It’s disgusting.
remember "karma" with every bad thing that happens in your life! You will stop at nothing!  Now go herd your sheep!
like this isn't obvious!? Every fake news station has taken the story and ran with it and I wonder where they got it from??
Your full of sh I#!   You just needed more propaganda.... Keep sleeping with those pharmaceutical execs.  God will judge you, if you ever even get there #scottgottliebisadeusch#
He owns a pharmaceutical company! Glaxon, Smith And Kline! And they have a patent on Kratom! Google it! :(
Ugh, you got to be kidding me.... Scott gottlieb your corrupt as all hell.
I can’t even with him! NOT ONE PERSON SUPPORTS THIS CLOWN. Guess all 500,000/ millions  of us are “crazy” lol. Keep up the good fight people! No one trusts this man!!!
Pretty soon scott you and your buddies at the pill pushing industry are going to have to start contaminating kratom yourselfs am i right gotta keep people on oxycotin ! # shameless propoganda #  fear monger # big pharm mouth piece # knowingly contributing to the opioid crisis
Shifting away quickly from opioids, feels like that there are few proven or reimbursable choices..
that leave few, if any effective choices....
But chronically ill chronic pain patients feel remarkably frustrated but rapid shifts in national pain control policy,
And what’s so incredibly interesting is that in 1000 years there’s never been a report of a kratom overdose. But yet magically the year that the FDA wanted to ban it? There is suddenly  overdose reports. All of which by the way have been disproven by the AKA.
How many times are you going to tweet this assumption? 8 out of 28 consumed kratom, youngest being 6 (No 6 yr old is taking kratom). You have nothing else but a common denominator in 28% of cases, just like your death toll. Obvious smear campaign. Who is going to trust you now?
Of course this is just a guess but...If there was a 6 year old taking kratom, it was because her mom gave her some after she started getting sick from the salmonella that she was already infected from. No way would 6 year old a kid just take kratom on purpose. Total guess
I question the accuracy of this report since you have already lied about kratom's involvement in deaths.Sadly,I cannot trust you.
No one can trust him. So far every toxicology report showed many other drugs involved. Lies lies lies!!!!!
Omg Scot, you are so full of BS.  Your leadership at the FDA is turning into a joke with your witchhunt on kratom.  Show us the tea bags of kratom that you have to prove this. If anyone got sick you should have plenty of it left. How low will you go.  #iamkratom #keepkratomlegal
Jack E. Henningfield is one of the world's leading experts on addiction, and the behavioral, cognitive, and central nervous system effects of drugs. He did an 8 factor analysis on Kratom. Are you attacking the validity of his research? Do you not find him qualified? #wearekratom
Because the FDA is owned by the elite and they lied to us about everything. Trust no one!
https://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2018/02/20/kratom.aspx …
Respectfully, I disagree about any addictive traits to Kratom. I disagree that Kratom is an Opiate. NOT. I have been placed on Morphine. Kratom is NOT anything like Morphine.  Dr. Gottleib: do you have ANY HUMAN testing for Kratom to use as statistics yet?
He has no human anything. Just wants his profits!
