Special Agent Andrew McCabe stood tall over the last 8 months, when small people were trying to tear down an institution we all depend on. He served with distinction for two decades. I wish Andy well. I also wish continued strength for the rest of the FBI.  America needs you.
So did this.
Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair.
I am sure you agreed then but the con artist in chief, your cult leader Obama, knew the real story
Almost as if they were banking on Trump firing Mueller and causing a constitutional crisis.  @POTUS being from NY knew better and let things play out.

#KeepAmericaGreat
This is a man who associates height with human virtue
Yep you are right but not all men does that
So did this @KellyannePolls
Astonished by the all-out assault on Comey by Team Clinton. Suggesting he is a partisan interfering with the election is dangerous & unfair.
My favorite:
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
One more time... a Comey Classic.

Only thing you're "resisting" is rational thought.
You funny wait for it the impeachment is coming and after trump is jailed all those protecting a criminal will be prosecuted 2
I think @Comey and I have a different understanding of the word "distinction".
So did this @Comey 
You wouldn’t know much about aging well!!
Can’t believe such individuals held some of the highest positions in our country.
#McCabe Lied four times  

Do you really want to get into a “this aged well” tweet war?
Too bad THIS doesn't... Lordy, it must so totally suck to be you, #kellyanneconway

An analysis by The AP shows the nation's six big Wall Street banks saved at least $3,590,000,000 in taxes last quarter, thanks to the recently enacted Trump tax law. https://apnews.com/96589643061e4437bd45fdcc35959fe0 …

Stop it already. Those defending this fraud are embarrassing themselves.
You sure didn’t!
Ok, Tomi

Unlike @KellyannePolls She looks like she’s 100 years old. That’s what happens when your work is a professional liar.

@KellyannePolls
VIRAL: Video surfaces of Kellyanne Conway as she tries to...to...—-...just watch. 
@themanfronUNCLE @Comey - a great judge of character. At least that’s what the smug self-righteous elitist thinks of himself.
You use to not like Donny, now you’re pushing his hate and propaganda and willing to break the law for him. Your children will know what you’ve done. Hopefully they’ll be smart enough to know what a horrible person you are.

Chlorpyrifos hurts the brain and lowers IQ, especially in kids, who also experience tremors due to the chemical. It's been linked to everything from cancer to Parkinson's. A study found the chemical in 87% of umbilical cord blood. Trump reversed its ban. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/10/28/opinion/sunday/chlorpyrifos-dow-environmental-protection-agency.html …
So did this
Kellyanne your boss lies everyday!
All liars!
So did this.
LMAO  guy doesn’t know if he’s coming or going now.
The difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea.... #POTUS hasn’t had a garbanzo on his face. 

Yes we'll she was in good conpany especially when she was sitting with my President OBAMA she was sitting with someone with CLASS and RESPECT , didn't you all see her smiles
This didn’t age well, either.
No one and I mean NO ONE should be tampering with the Intel Community.
Comey is a sanctimonious liar. He speaks out of both sides of his mouth. He cannot be trusted-by anyone...
8 copies so what lieing con in the WH need to be locked up we watching his games he can fool some people sometime but he cant fool all the people all the time
So does this

Well-in the political climate of your boss, who has dragged everything down, the template of shit has been set.
so did this
Comey continues to tell the truth despite unrelenting disparagement and childish demeaning, disgraceful comments from the most powerful people in our country.
#WhoFundsTheFederalist?
It truly did age well. These people are NOT the monsters you shitbags at the @FDRLST or your Kremlin Cheeto make them out to be. tRUmp and his syndicate are criminals who need to be dealt with.

Too bad YOU can't.
Do any of you magats read?
Yes it did!
Neither has Kellyanne.
WE "SMALL" MINDED PEOPLE ARE NOT TRYING TWO TEAR DOWN THE F.B.I. JUST THE LYING BASTARDS THAT ARE RUNNING IT INTO THE GROUND... AND KELLYANNE WHILE YOU ARE AT IT, TELL YOUR BOSS TO FIRE MUELLER AND REPLACE HIM WITH SOMEONE WHO WILL INVESTIGATE THE D.N.C. AKA, OBAMA HILLARY,  ETC.
"I’m automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything" ~Trump in the 2005 Access Hollywood tape
A woman I don’t know and, to the best of my knowledge, never met, is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
Liars Lie
Oh heavens, not fair game 2 bring in spouses u say. After making a CAREER out of CONSTANTLY bringing in spouses. Mccabe, Clinton, etc... I don't understand why u still think the majority of us will buy your bullshit.
Not as well as this
You have a flat ass ,get to gym,No Leather
But you're not...

imagine NOT attending the funeral of a former first lady and instead playing golf being hailed as one of the most compassionate gestures of your presidency
Kellyanne, are you jealous.....about the 'aging well' part? BWAH HAH HAH HAH!!!!!! #MAGA
Not so much this guy! In fact not at all. #Traitor
As well as @Kellyanne .

YES Kellyannne-- you just killed it on CNN!!  AWESOME
Watching you on @CNN with @DanaBashCNN.  I imagine this is what it's like to watch @s8n in action.  The vitriol and filth spewing out of your Botoxed mouth is amazing.
You haven’t aged well, the only person who scares ugly. But I still want you in #lesbianlove
America need all those who stand tall in our FBI/CIA an intelligence Agencies. It's the men/woman of these Agencies who keep us from another 9/11!Trump does us the biggest Disservice this country Ever Stood against when he tearing down these Agencies!God help us all.
This hasn't
Who funds the Federalist?
Don't think McCabe ever stood tall!  What is he, 5"6"?  The dude is classic, short guy with inferiority complex scenario!
Nice of you to see he is legit after all.
This one aged about as well as a bottle of Mad Dog 20-20!!!


DOOSH

Oh he’s distinguished himself. Comey is correct on that one. Just fudged the details a little. Must be common practice. Curious
Ah, so now the Trumpers believe McCabe. Make up your mind TRUMPERS

Oh, yea 
About as well as each of @realDonaldTrump tweets.
by small people did she mean Dotard Trump?
What planet are you from? He’s a Crook!
BULL CRAP
Thugs.
I became a better salesman when I talked less.

This won't.
He could not possibly be any more transparent.

He hasn’t even been charged.
Two peas in a jail bound pod

Was just a matter of time.
Ahhahahahahaha.
The only ones doing their job are the agents...all leaders of fbi don't seem honorable at all...diservice to them
Lie lie with confidence until you are caught and cornered, it's what the Democrats leaders teach
That's the tough thing for a lier, when you say something nice that you don't mean, sure enough, it comes around and bites ya in ya tender parts.
Mr Comey is a great guy. I wonder how Andrew is feeling now that Mr Comey is the hero of the liberal media. And He is on the altar of Comey making waiting to be offered up in the name of a high duty.
And this standing tall happened with work for the people who had contributed 500,000 plus to wife and against duly elected president, wow , what a guy.



No different than Cruz and Rubio tweets about DT... Washington is filled with scum
I bet Kellyanne has peed for Trump.


Phew, you thin skinned victims can turn a tune pretty darn quick, huh?  The big mean man called our guy short.  Can you believe the audacity!!   Or, going out on a limb here, suck it up and start governing.  Either your inept or just not trying.  One side has indictments...

his service was distinctive.  true statement
Then it was found out he sold out.
Glad you 2 are such great buddies in crime! Maybe you 2 can have your jail cells next to each other!!!
Seems you did a good job tearing it down without any help.
And where were you when America needed you?
MIA.
Stand Tall, don't you fall oh, don't go and do something foolish
He did
It aged as well as a glass of butter milk. Sitting outside in Texas in the middle of August.

Not true MCCabe you upper leaders in the FBI have been corrupt,shame on you people,especially putting all the FBI under you guys feel like you let them down, and also u guys have left the FBI ashamed,you Leaders need to go to prison,then the  FBI can start rebuilding our FBI.
I guess when you are 6’8”, your perspective of who is standing tall and who is a small person may be skewed
Sadly he still believes this
@Comey how's the irony tour going?
Donald Trump is the root cause of the slow, continuous ruination of your political party. That fact WILL age well.
It didn't?
You are delusional !
Well @Comey is a "tall" person so he can wear it down if he wants to. He has lost his mind.
Blowmey Comey
Nailed it! 
Screenshot saved pending inevitable irony strike.
What are many news outlets saying about the #ComeyMemos? See below.

@realDonaldTrump (FRAUD) is going to see a lot of bad headlines for him courtesy of the House Republicans forcing the memos into the open.
Trump said Vladimir Putin bragged to him about the beauty of Russia's hookers, Comey reported in memo. http://apne.ws/CTnTZOx 
 

Truth is their Achilles heel
They're both going down.
LOL!!!! Swamp talk!
@KellyannePolls  you have no room to speak.
Beria's final transmission.
Hmm..looks like the bots are out in full force
Like Kellyanne Conway
Comey and McCabe. Karma coming to getcha butts!

He isn’t as “tall” as Jim who will draft in the first rounds for Big House hoops.
KellyAnne, explain to the American people that you talk to the bush family all the time. Someone should tell your kids. #qanon
Yes. It did, actually...
And all of you that continue to insult
 the @FBI & U.S. Law Enforcement
 Agencies in general, have not. You
 are all Traitors. America does not
  need you.
Your future is going to be so sad.
Those paying attention knew it was bullshitfrom the getgo.
you cant be a liberal his job was to look out for the ameriean people he did not do so you cant paly the game you are a aged for F B I  just one thing nothing more
Nothing dotard trump tweets ever ages well. Smfh
As did this....
Like a fine wine 
Like a bottle of 2 buck chuck.
Jailbird Comey, Dirty Cop

15-20, no parole

Perjurer, Felon

Bring back the Gas Chamber for Treason ...

Tick, Tock ...

Same school Mueller, Comey.  Same future.
OMG!
Hope someone is looking into his past cases. Who knows what’s legal and ethical versus...not.
No shit!!!!!
I thought he said Trump's hand size appeared normal.

More #comeybologna
We the People are praying @POTUS shuts the FBI Down forever!!!!!

FIRST
Never forget Hoover.
My god
