Dog stays with lost 3-year-old girl overnight, leads rescuers to her https://fxn.ws/2qNPEGW 

The people of the USA are pleased to award you the title of Mrs Despicable. You have gone way beyond the call of duty in enabling the traitor trump. Maybe you live for today’s “glory” but be assured that history will fully document your misdeeds.
I can’t wait till McCabes book is out too! Keep it up Comey
It was nice of you to stay with the child.
You are undoubtedly the dumbest blond I have ever heard of 
SHUT UP BITCH.
What has Melania achieved as 1st Lady? Anything yet? Oh a state dinner this week. What’s the plan of action for her Anti-Bullying campaign? She doesn’t hold a candle to Michelle Obama.
To which she pulled ideas and favorites from the classy Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton. I woke up in the middle of the night in a panic that it was Morse Code for HELP ME!
#dogsoftwitter  VIA @SafetyMentalst   SAYS YA ALL GOT TO #FF  @KellyannePolls  SHE JUST ESCAPED FROM THE @WhiteHouse  CLOSET !  #RT PALS !  SHE IS A GAL !
WITH A SPLIT TAIL !  AND A PAIR OF BALLS ! #RT  #POLITICSOFF THEM ALL GAL !!

You suck Kellyanne!
Lying Kelly!

"The mob takes the Fifth. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"

-Predator trump, September 2016
do a better job of hiding your drug abuse - you talk nonsense and look like a street wino
Awww....and your husband has stayed with you throughout your hypocritical bs. Bless his heart 
Re your comment,just because Melania is white that doesn't make her superior to Michelle Obama, Michelle HAS TWO IVY LEAGUE DEGREES and Melania has nothing so who's the superior one now? #youracist

Kellyanne Conway Used To Hate Donald Trump http://youtu.be/aL_0PZuJVLk  via @YouTube

Hey crypt keeper, your comments comparing Michelle Obama and the stripper were totally awful.  Can't wait til your corrupt racist administration is out in the streets.
Waw nice
Thanks Kellyanne.

Kellyanne...it’s been three days since you tweeted pics of yourself. You’re slipping!!
Are they filtering the positive tweets or is the morons hangout
Do not get rid of @EPAScottPruitt he is doing an awesome job. @realDonaldTrump needs to stick with him. Do not cave to progressive and some republican pressure.
Mrs. Obama is well educated, accomplished, poised, 
and gracious. Melania has none of those traits. But the greatest difference between them is that Michelle Obama is black. Go put on your white sheets and please, please don’t forget to wear your mask.
Your a sick woman I hope you get the help you need.
Oh, loyalty? Like you swore to Comrade Trump?
Constantly and when your husband shows some backbone and say things about grandmaster of lies you don’t want to talk about. I will drink some red wine when all of you are out of the White House by the Have you send To Russia With Love it’s on YouTube. Check it out that will be u.
I just saw your cnn interview you can dish it but you can’t take it,well here goes you talk about Hillary husband every chance a mic was but up to lying mouth and you have the nerve to get mad when the shoe drop on to your http://feet.you  ran your mouth about her husband.
Your pathetic...
@FoxNews you finally say something not dysfunctional.
So I guess in your eyes Melania is superior because she's white?
Are you still around?
Are you still around?
Are you the dog in the story
If you truly said Melania was superior to Michelle is that because Melania is white or are you just truly stupid?
Nice job Kelly.  I knew that beak was good for something.
JC you are a goddess of media whoredom.

So glad Melania was able to get away from all the assholes for a day and just be herself.
U made a statement today that  Melanie Trump was Superior! In comparison to Michelle Obama as a First Lady! U should really stop and think before u speak! Blacks in this Country doesn’t really like u because of your words!
Hey Kelly,  it's kindof liie you staying with trump. ..but the dogs cuter than you,  probably smarter too!
Personal insults never make the other person look bad. They only make the person saying them look bad. It's ok to have a difference of opinion but it's never ok to insult people over them. Adults should hold themselves to higher standard.
Kellyanne,  Keep up the good work.  You are a role model for our daughters.  You are the modern day Jean d'Arc.  CAPT Tom Dlugolecki USN (ret) @tomdlugolecki
@FoxNews What do you expect from a that lies for a traitor for a living? Not much
@FoxNews College graduate, working mother, FLOTUS vs college dropout,gold digger,nude model.Hmmm..
When does your contract with Satan expire ?
Oh we know your a dog. Dont post it
Man's (and women and children's) best friend!
I’m seriously considering getting a dog to scare the (Squeeeeak!) snakes away.
Einstein
Kellyanne made a fool of herself on the Dana Bash interview.
Hey, remember that time you went on CNN and looked like a complete fool? Oh, I guess that's been a weekly thing for years now...
I thought she looked like Paddington Bear but ugly. She's a racist, vile, lying skank.
That’s a pretty big disservice to Paddington.
Stay 

"He basically was not wanted at the Kennedy Center honors. He was embarrassed & frightened to go to the correspondents dinner & he was not invited to a funeral of a first lady ... This is a President who can't show up…
Fake news? Alternativefacts?
Hitler used the word superior.  Are you in favor of a superior race, @KellyannePolls ?
What a great friend he is !
Happy Birthday  Kelly Anne! 
May it be a great celebration
That’s longer than the Pres would stick by anyone once their usefulness ends.
Even @KellyannePolls isn’t that loyal
Too bad you can't get Drumpf to treat Melania that well
Tell the boss to get a dog Kellyanne. Dogs are loyal companions. Dogs are great, love my fur babies. I love you and the President as well. Great job making America great again.
Found your twin !!!!!
You’re an awful person.

Jessica Drake, an adult-film star, says Stormy Daniels told her twice that she was threatened by someone to stay silent about her alleged affair with Trump. Drake also claims she refused a $10,000 offer to have sex with Trump. http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/porn-star-stormy-daniels-telling-truth-alleged-trump/story?id=54651663 …
Because 3 year olds a precious 
... old hags like you are not....
Darling I saw you on CNN. You are not eating well or sleeping. It is so obvious. You need to get healthy.
We  you!  Thank you for all you do!   #MAGA
She’s lucky she doesn’t look like his daughter.
All thanks be to trump, right?
creep
Dog stays with lost 3-year-old girl overnight, leads rescuers to her.  

ALTERNATIVE FACT: Bitch Kellyanne Conway stays with LOST 3YR OLD PRESIDENT until indictments.
Awwww
I love dogs! Best friends God gave to humans!
Tell me Kellyanne: in what universe is Melania “superior” to Michelle Obama?
After your laughable CNN interview response, I’m surprised they even let you post dog stories...LOL. Dust off that resume.
What about this, bitch.
You'd be much better off not speaking

https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/23/politics/kellyanne-conway-george-conway/ …
#potus #trump #MAGA #news
@realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @Cabinet @newtgingrich @SenJohnMcCain @RandPaul
What is your definition of “Superior” exactly?
Ah, an animal lover (and a people hater).

Why are you following her then?
you need to be drug tested!
Kinda like bitches staying with trump?

Melania is superior to Michelle Obama?  Oh don’t you talk crap.   Only someone like you would say such crap.  
The more you talk the more I find you to be a disgusting person .
That dog would have left you



From coverture to thinly veiled threats, Kellyanne Conway’s CNN interview provided a case study in how Trump defenders operate, @davidfrum writes https://theatln.tc/2FbFGUP 
DOJ deadbeats stay with Trump for months and months. They lead Mueller to him to see if he can help #CadetBoneSpurs #Impeach #InDeepShit
It doesn't matter what you post, you still make me throw up in my mouth.
The dog must have been a democrat!
What a wonderful and smart dog
Kellyanne stays with abusive boss only to be freed by federal prosecutors when boss is hauled off to jail.
Do you think this dog can stay with us until we are rescued from your boss?
Great @FLOTUS
More compassionate and loyal than Trump and his pack of kennel misfits
DJT even criticized Golden parents shamefully.
You can’t run the presidency by tweets and faux news
Kellyanne said that spouses have differing opinions and political support and she should not have even been asked about her husbands tweets by Danna Bash on CNN however Andrew McCabes wife was used as a pawn against her spoude for having a differing opion, such Hypocracy!
Did you really say a nude model like Melania was superior to the First Lady Michelle Obama, who is a graduate from Princeton and earned her Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree from Harvard Law School?
That really tells a lot about you and why you’ll never work again after Trump.

So amazing how these animals are so in touch with us humans. So happy to hear a happy ending!
Trump is going to be furious with you after that train wreck interview on CNN.  Kellyanne... it looks like your next #cnn #factsfirst #danabash #TheResistance #TrumpLiesMatter #NotMyPresident #MoronInChief #FakePresidentTrump
Girl, you cray-cray

Why are you following her then?
If only you were as loyal to America as Max is to his little girl. Max did something selfless for a human being. Perhaps you could learn?
I hope your dog bites you
I was gonna make an illegal immigrant dog joke.....man, was I late to the party


@FoxNews that dog for @potus ASAP please
Who is the 3 year old girl that you stayed with?
So Kellyanne gets to go around spouting off about McCabe’s wife then fake outrage over being asked about her husbands negative tweets towards Trump? Give me a break...
Aww...kinda like you staying with a lost and confused Trump and leading #Mueller to him. #soprecious
Barf Kellyanne. Distraction. Distraction. Distraction.
.
Finally,a retweet from Kellyanne which is not "spin"
Animals are incredible creature’s and that is why they deserve some protections from abuse, Look Into animal bill of rights
How's your husband doing? Hahahahaha
A wonderful outcome!!
That was nice of you to stay with that young girl.....
You are a dog whistling gash  Per your comment to #Tmz : #MelaniaTrump is such a #superior and excellent First Lady," Kellyanne told TMZ ... "This country is so lucky to have her."

I wanted to see how quickly someone would use this to say something off subject and obnoxious to you. It was the 3rd tweet. Try to ignore the turkeys...their gobbles mean nothing.
How’s that husband thingy going?
Disingenuous ma'am. Like Mooch and Donnie Jr. these kind of re=tweets are an absurd con. Don't rape a sweet story by using it to polish YOUR image. Yeesh! You're like a rat a punch bowl.
stays with lost President through the first term
Kellyanne-- thank you for staying with the child!
Good News!!!
Trying to change the subject Con? Trumpty is still under investigation. PERIOD
Did you miss the Mueller announcement? They said Trump will not be charged criminally. There is NO EVIDENCE of RUSSIAN collusion.
Bet the dog would've left you there, Kellyanne.
Some how, some way, I’m sure you will try to give your almighty king credit for this to?

You are busting out the victim card because CNN asked about your husband's tweets. Remember when you were highly critical of him--before getting a big fat paycheck to literally sell your soul to the devil?

#TrumpIsARacist
So THAT'S why taxpayers are paying you? To retweet fox news tweets about dogs?
Don’t be a hater, Kelly Ann Broke all the Glass ceilings Hillary couldn’t 
Four people murdered by a white supremacist and no mention from anybody in the White House. And you think this story is so much more important
Ur face jajajja
Saw you on waters world , always great  job

Separating babies from their mothers as a tactic to intimidate immigrants seeking asylum is wrong. Punishing mothers for trying to save their child's life is inhumane. These disgusting practices should be against the law. https://www.nytimes.com/2018/04/20/us/immigrant-children-separation-ice.html …
UR tweet was blanked out ???
AWESOME STORY!
Wow you do have a heart!
Hey Kellyanne your husband doesn't like POTUS!
Thanks Kellyanne. Very heartwarming
Exactly like you stay with lil Donnie (@realDonaldTrump) 
Meanwhile Washington DC burns
Kind of like you and the president
Kellyanne will you hire me to be your secretary?
Do you think I’m will looks good in a dress for a 6’8” man? Smh!
Dana..Dana got you good..she had you redacted she done to you what you tried to do Hillary but you couldn't stand the heat..you fat belly husband is giving you back what you put out....hahah!!
Oh look, Kellyanne has a heart! (At least a heart emoji.)
I'm glad you could stay with her all night. Such a good girl!
