Yes, we continue to see the #TaxScam your calling a #TaxReform even though 100’s of businesses are closing and thousands of people are being laid off.  1/

BS for the already rich!  Stand down Ivanka and go back to your princess house where all you know about is shoes
Well numb nuts when the rich pay far and away the most and you pay zero yes a cut will help them more than you. Considering you don’t pay any in. But guess that’s why Ivanka is successful in business and you’re not.
If there ever was a cut that any one might see it will be eaten up by the price and overall cost of living increase due to @realDonaldTrump uneducated and ineffective tariffs.
Which China keeps adding to... What did you do with YOUR extra $1.50, Jim? Renew your Costco membership? Treat the family to McDonald’s? It doesn’t even cover my damn gardner. 
Lol...sad there are people out there who could use a true tax cut and extra money in there pocket, but due to the ineffective president @realDonaldTrump and Congress the people who need it won't get it.  More to the rich, corporations and more massive debt.  Trump is clueless
And wait until prices start to pop due to the trade war with China.  Not to mention depressed economics in the states that produce a lot of soybeans, corn, and pork.
They already have, $50 Billion so far...
Just stop playing Serious Policy Person, Ivanka. No one is buying it.
Really?  I heard that it was not working like Republicans thought it would.  Failure. Making $1.50 more a week for Republican supporters does not spell success. @realTrumpgrets #trumpregrets
Yo Ivanka. We are a couple, in our 60's, just lost or deductions, got no tax break, probably not rich enough sigh. Will pay more in state taxes. Pay more for our meds. Pay more for our medical premiums. Have you been to a grocery store lately(doubt it)? Where is the optimism?
Billshit!
#Liar
https://lawandcrime.com/awkward/ivanka-trumps-chinese-produced-clothing-not-subject-new-tariffs/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …
Amazing effects? Haha, wait until people file and they see all the personal exemptions and deductions that they lost.
The 45 echo chamber - Faux News says something, 45 repeats it on  twitter, 45's family repeats it, 45's cabinet repeats it, the GOP  repeats it, rinse and repeat.... Mein kampf
The orange SOB can lie all he wants. So can the rest. Come Nov 2018 we will see who cares when the votes are tallied. If the Dems/independents blow it, well nuff said.
Thanks but no thanks to your BS.  The results of your garbage “tax cuts” still have not all come to light
And only 1 TRILLION dollars added to the federal deficit. Amazing????
Oh come on! Most of us lack optimism while your dangerous and compromised dad is in the WH.
Why? Are all your rich friends and all your friends that have Corporations calling you up ..saying, thank you, thank you...
 I can now go to Switzerland and open a new bank account..
I need a new Versace...
I shop at thrift stores of your hand me downs with the price tag still on
Keep telling yourself that..... enjoy it before the truth of which u speak comes to light.  #AmericaIsNotAsDumbAsYouThink
Ya, a war in Syria will negate any good them tax cuts made. Hey princess, since u and your husband are so hell bent on going to war, why don't the 2 of you go join the military
STFU. Your dad is bringing back air pollution. How do you like that?
Again, when are you going to get out of low wage slave labor sites and bring all those great jobs to the US Ivanka? And if not, why not? Why not practice what you preach and brag about. An optimism index doesn't equal jobs or better pay. Most don't even get anything.
Bs!!!!
Liar.........

Really? What did you get Ivanka?? Tell us much you got!! For most is not much. Share yours with us!!
Keep shining the light on the progress made in the white house,  make your own noise of goodness to drown out the “we are lost in the woods mania.” Set up a recognition schedule of women or resumes of achievers, start with women who are trashed by the uninformed.
Oh Ivanka, when did you run for office and win? Oh yeah that’s right, you’re daddy’s girl
#MAGA .... RIGHT 
Stick around Ivanka. You'll really c effects in 2 years.
I know. I have direct deposit.
Until it is offset by the results of trade sanctions.

If so why are so many going g out of businesses.
And what is your job besides tweeting articles and photo ops?
Ivanka..I did my part for many years and I'm now retired..I dislike that you never mention or put effort toward my age group..We were these women once..we deserve the same respect...I'm on a fixed income and the Tax Cut took away from us to give to these..shame on you!
i havent been able to stop working since dj won the potus
Oh honey - please cite a credible source so we can believe you.

 no it was a disaster! Increased the debt bigly...
Yes stock market continues to hit new highs- oh wait-never mind.
The 45 echo chamber - Faux News says something, 45 repeats it on twitter, 45's family repeats it, 45's cabinet repeats it, the GOP repeats it, rinse and repeat.... Mein kampf
BS! #TaxScam to benefit the already obscenely wealthy. #FOADB.
#taxscam Is this why your products are made  in China?
Her products are made there with everything else you own like your cellphone,TV, please tell Amazon,Walmart,Costco next time you go in you only want to buy American. You can’t be this stupid
Small business owners are more optimistic than ever about the economy, thanks to tax reform. The NFIB Small Business Economic Trends Survey optimism index hit a record high of 107.6 in February.  - FBN
You must be incredibly embarrassed to have DT as your father. How awful!
And I see Daddy won’t let your imports be under the tariffs. Why should you care, you’ve got yours?!

Yes ivanka, you’re 100% right.  that five dollars a week is changing my life. Why don’t you all just resign and go home? Most useless admin in the history of the country. I pity your children Ivanka. They will learn all about you in school. It won’t be good.
@POTUS #MAGA
You are an idiot
Will We Stop @POTUS Before It’s Too Late?  by Madeleine Albright.  CORRUPT. CRIMINAL. DANGEROUS. STOP THE TRUMP ASSAULT ON DEMOCRACY. https://nyti.ms/2Hbfa0t    #MuellerTime


Another lie told by the trumps, the tax cuts(give away to the rich) has seen almost no impact on the middle class workers! Most companies took the money and did stock by backs ,then laid off a bunch of workers ( me included:Walmart 3500 co managers) go to hell@IvankaTrump
I’m sure you do tax reform helps you the most
Agreed, poor jobs report and stock market performing poorly. All due to poor leadership from the Trump Mob Family.
I call BS!
There was never a plan to pay for this stunt.  It was done by borrowing trillions of dollars that are now part of the national debt.
Why don't you tell us how many millions you and your rich friends raked in? 

Stop bragging about the pathetic raises and bonuses that the corporations are tossing their workers while they stash their billions offshore.
So your third world clothes will be exempt from tariffs?
The tRump family does #GOPTaxScam #CORRUPTION

Fox bullshit.....
Is jared going to jail soon?
Of course “you” do, it’s the middle class that isn’t seeing much of anything.
As a person who isn't wealthy I haven't seen shit from these tax cuts.
I paid my taxes the other day and I’m still upset how our president hasn’t paid in 18 years. And there’s nothing in the tax scam to stop rich people from getting unimaginable tax breaks.
You might want to rethink this tweet (assuming anyone in your family actually thinks).
Oh great. Now you listen to Fox News too.
That would be amazingly bad?  I created my own self employment in response to losing my job  but it does not "qualify" for the tax reduction. Only friends and family of Trump, Corporations qualify... #goptaxscam .@IronStache .@TomSteyer .@GOP
This will haunt you when your dad’s damaging TRADE WAR with China goes into effect!
What a sad family. Trump=lies
#WhenDaddyIsYourPimp

God, would you and crooked Jared please go back to #NYC?
had two faces, would I be wearing this one?"
Those fortunate to be in YOUR tax bracket ARE seeing AMAZING effects Me- $36 per pay not so AMAZING!
Liar
IVANKA RUNS ABUSIVE SWEATSHOPS AND SHE LETS HER DAD TOUCH HER SEXUALLY. THAT’S ABOUT IT FOR HER WHITE HOUSE QUALIFICATIONS...
The Tax Reform Bill is not popular despite your denials. The fact that you remain married to the president kinda disqualifies you from intelligent discourse.
BS! I am still waiting for this so called big tax cut to show up on my check. Just proves what we said all along. It was only for the 1%.
So when you say "WE" you mean those in your tax bracket right ? 

You LIE just like your daddy.

Greedy girl.
Hi
I received no "amazing effects" from #TaxReform. Millions of Americans have received no amazing effects. At all. However, we will continue to #FlipItBlue!
Yep, make the one percent richer.
Zzzz still a working mom with two jobs and the same checks. I think it makes more of a difference with your tax bracket
Fun fact:

@realDonaldTrump officially became the owner of The U.S economy in January of 2018. 

In those 3 months the Stock Market had it's second worst quarter since the Great Depression.

#MAGA
Is it true you and Jared tried to bribe the head of Planned Parenthood? You really do belong to the most corrupt families. The Apple does not fall far from the tree.

Liar
#taxscam.  Go away Javanka. You are well hated in USA    You should be exiled from America with all the trumps and kushners
That tax reform does nothing but take from middle class & poor Americans it’s only to benefit the trumps and the rich. Trumps a theif

What’s it at now that your daddy started a trade war and yanked the market?
Tell your father to call me
You're not smart enough to be even considered an idiot.
Your dad has screwed this up
In your dreams
Shut up. Nothing works in three months brick.

Uh...     Your research is GOPlly flawed.   Regular Americans are not seeing tax cuts- only the wealthy are seeing cuts.   Wait- that was the point, wasn't it?   How much did you personally make?    #GOPTaxScam  #TrumpCrimeFamily
Who are "regular Americans?"  Anyone who makes under $40,000 will pay no taxes. According to the Washington Post, .1% of taxpayers pay almost 25% of the taxes.  If you increase that to 20%, they pay 94.8%.  So 80% of us cover 5.2% of the tax revenue. If you pay $0, you get $0.
Your family belongs in federal prison then the bowels of Hell #greed #corruption #fraud #lies 
Somehow I think that the Tax Policy Center and others know more than you or the president about this.  But then again you are the top 1 percent.  Congratulations on getting richer at the expense of the rest of the people in this country.
fantasies. What do you think?
percent of Americans will receive a $33,000 tax break. Meanwhile, the poorest families will receive a paltry $40. As for those middle-class families receiving a few hundred dollars, those tax cuts are only temporary. The breaks for the rich are permanent.
Shame on Trump and his
Really?? Then what's this about? The Trump tax cuts will go down as the largest redistribution of wealth from middle-class and working families to the rich and corporations in our nation's history. According to new analysis by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, the wealthiest 1
The irony is absolutely astonishing.
make a little more than minimum wage!
 Somebody explain how I got an extra $12,000 back for earned income credit!


Ask your crooked dad to show his tax returns.
False! Ask the lower income families if they have seen any benefits. Stop lying. The Apple didn't fall far from the tree!
Hip Hop Membership Bank & Trust created by Teron Burrell on 4-4-18 is honored to have the opportunity to give Ivanka Trump and The Trump Organization the right to secure the integrity of Hip Hop Membership Bank & Trust from piracy of any kind.
How’s that security clearance coming along?
I'm donating every penny I received to help #BLUEWAVE to
remove your disgusting father from office and the conviction of your entire family.
This is because of our President Trump's fantastic tax cuts. Today, one company announced $6000 bonus.
Go Trump, MAGA.
Tax Cuts for the Middle Class are TEMPORARY. Tax Cuts for the Wealthy & Corporations are PERMANENT. Because of the #GOPTaxScam, record numbers of corporations are buying back their own stock to further enrich themselves. They're not giving raises/new jobs.
You're not even a real person

*This* is why Oklahoma's teachers are on strike 
I have not seen any tax break
if your on welfare you don't get a tax break! Food stamps and free rent is your earned income credit refund!
*you're on welfare
Keep up the good work, the store closings are the ones that were on their way out anyway from the last presidency.
Dishonest Donald's stealing from the poor to give #TaxCuts to the rich, financed by $1.5 trillion debt on middle class may have "amazing effects" for Ivanka, but catastrophic for economy. Bush cut taxes on rich and caused Great Recession. #Incompetence

Go HOME Princess Poopy Pants and quit playing government!!
However allowing the EPA to betray us all by stripping environmental protections wipes any achievements.We need clean air and water .

I have not received anything, seems like anther lie.. give here take from there.. again, just another lie.
So is China going to charge tariffs on your products? Are you moving your stuff to India? How has tax reform helped those on social security that don't even draw enough to pay taxes much less get a tax break or Medicare cost reduction? They want to get rid of that tho. Rich deal.
And it would be in the toilet today thanks to @realDonaldTrump determination to undermine U.S. economy via trade wars and attack on successful company stock prices. Truly stupid. #uspoli
Thanks for the crumbs!
Is stormy yo mom?

Planned Parenthood president says Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump offered a "bribe" of increased funding if they'd stop performing abortions https://cnn.it/2IssxZI  
You mean tax credits for the wealthy and large American companies such as Amazon?  Isn’t this Robert Mercer’s mandate?
& we continue to see people struggle with no wage increase, people being killed in our streets, YOUR family getting rich off OUR money, Paying for @POTUS many many golf trips to HIS resort on our dime, & your products still made in another country. & don't forget china trademarks

Unlike the White House — a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions — is not for sale. #StandWithPP https://twitter.com/cnnbrk/status/981557908285677569 …
Yet you still manufacture your ripped-off clothing line in sweatshops overseas. Why is this?

Trump's tariffs on China, equaling almost 20 percent of the recently passed tax cuts expected in 2019, will likely increase prices for U.S. consumers while failing to achieve their policy goals. https://tax.foundation/2EhJ0NZ  @ericadyork

Who's "we"? Please grift somewhere else

Your skills at copy/paste somebody else's talking points are impressive.
And the economy continues to tank
Ivanka Trump! Shut the hell up nobody believes a word you and your crime family say... Especially when it comes to money you all are a bunch of crooks. You married well keeping with family tradition...
FAKE NEWS BY CROOKED BROAD
Or you’re like your father you think everybody is stupid and believe anything that comes out of his mouth!!! He doesn’t do anything that doesn’t help the wealthy!
Are you really that naïve???
In 3 years the middle class will be screwd, as usual the rich will profit! Take the blinders off Ivanka!!!
For who? Corporations and the top .01%! Your such a LIAR!
Your incompetent dad pushed our national debt past 21 trillion in March. Another first dubious feather on his orange combover.  Populist tax cuts have always brought disastrous results for us. Our hard working middle-class will suffer the most. Gigantic financial disaster coming.

Great, can you comment on how the Trade War with China is killing the stock market, thereby voiding the tax reform via 401k/IRA losses?
Lol, as the stock market crashes and the Trump depression begins.
You have no idea what you’re talking about. You get talking points that are so inflated and BS it’s very unbecoming of you. Just stop

Yea! Common knowledge is to have higher taxes when business is booming so you have leverage when thececonomy tanks. Your daddy‘s tax cuts are going to bec a major catastrophe for the US budget waiting to happen
Are you in the real world no one benefited from the tax reform but the wealthy and corporations. Princess go back to New York
Yup. The rich and the Trumps are seeing great benefits. The rest of us. Not so much.
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN DADDY'S TAX RECORDS? TELL US HOW HE CHEATS AMERICA...PLEASE!
