Where is the media's outrage at Hillary Clinton? She rigged the Democratic primary election and nothing happened. Here is an article by Donna Brazile (who fed CNN debate questions to Hillary) admitting what Clinton did was unethical.
no one w/ even half a mind gives a shit what you say, kellyanne.
They Sydney Morning Herald: Top US officials tell European foreign policy leaders to ignore President Donald Trump
Not true. You are just spewing hate speech. Stop!
Stop defending wife beaters.
From Fire And Fury

"GRAB 'EM BY THE PUSSY"

Trumps victims came forward and you dismissed them as liars you are a hypocrite
Maybe because they were and proved to be or we still would be following thru with charges.
No one proved they are lying stop with the fake BS
Some took money, some the really old one on Hillary campaign, some no proof they ever even met.



Lol. Mean but funny.
Why oh why do u always look as tho
U just crawled out the wrong side of
Donnys bed ?
That was a lewd comment and you insinuate w/o facts like other emotionally led sheeple these days. I hope I don't see that again.
Matthew 6
1 ‘Beware of practising your piety before others in order to be seen by them; for then you have no reward from your Father in heaven.
You’re just a sad, sick man. I hope you get better and contribute positively to the world one day.
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
Hey Kellyanne: out of curiosity, how old is your profile pic?
So you imply Porter married what? 2 “weak, unintelligent women” and some how weakness and IQ determine a woman’s worthiness for abuse? #EndDomesticViolence
unbelievable!  Only "strong" women are not abused?  You are abusing the shit out of American's having to hear you "alternate truths" and your "microwaves can be spying on people" - glad you got some help and hope you keep taking those meds!
SIMPLY STUNNING: GET TRUMP Part 2 Shines a Spotlight on John Podesta and the genesis of the TRUMP RUSSIA SMEAR. Easy to read and gun-barrel stright to the point this is a must read if you want to understand RUSSIA-GATE and how it started

Clearly the Russians fixed the presidential elections for Trump. Trump campaign was horribly managed.
I watched no need to explain! You have an ugly soul
Ur caught in a tornado of trying to defend the actions of an administration that ignored the FBI reports of this criminal for 13 months while appearing sympathetic to the women he abused who express genuine concerned for Hope Hicks which u misinterpret as attack on her weakness
You are such a foolish woman!!
You and Jake have such a CUTE relationship @jaketapper



13 Russians indicted today by #MuellerInvestigation
#Rosenstein: "The Russians also recruited and paid real Americans to engage in political activities, promote political campaigns and stage political rallies" @KellyannePolls @DonaldJTrumpJr participated by retwitting activities
After nearly two years of investigating all they managed to turn up was that some Russian nationals may have engaged in some shitposting? How can they be this wildly incompetent?

Instead of spending three tweets (with attachments) defending your defense of guys who defend wife beaters, maybe just go ahead and stop working for those guys. It's a lot simpler. Two words: "I quit." You'll feel a lot better about yourself. Try this:
#newmoney let's take our money back from Rothschild and Soros families
what are you on about?
No one cares what you think.
@KellyannePolls
You know after this TRUMP you're up to your neck in you probably won't have much of a  career  left. Leave now before its to late. He ll, you'd make millions on a book deal. Just sayin'


"I have no reason to not believe" should have been "I believe these women & stand behind them." The way you say it comes across that "until proven otherwise I DON'T believe these women" But then you know that as you only are interested in furthering an agenda & whether...
you believe them or not; you are going to push forward with AGENDA. That deary is disgusting.
https://twitter.com/chaddiedabaddie/status/963906423880118273 …
So when will you call out the President for for his acts of aggression and sexual assault and harassment? How can our country move forward when the President is an impediment to fairness and justice? If you're so concerned about your reputation -have some integrity.
It's not fair, has anyone asked these women, "what did you do to him to cause him to strike You? Face it, be honest girl's,  we are antagonist  and we do provoke our significant others.
That's very clever use of the double negative. But, you're "nobodies'" stooge, are you. . .? #anythingforfameandmoney
Trump's words ("grab 'em by the pussy"), Trump's behavior toward women (his affair with Stormy Daniels), and his actions (his budget cuts funding for Planned Parenthood) shows how little Trump cares about women.
It's funny how you say all that shit now but never once did you stand up and say that that guy can't be in the position he's in
You implied that Hope was stronger and immune to abuse, just as Trump sons implied Ivanka was so tough she was immune to sex harassment
Please don't let the anti-government and dems take away our loyal and great military leaders, just because they don't want republicans in control of making America Great Again!
Now you know how Americans feel every time you get out there or Sarah gets out there and lies to our faces... I guess we thought that's what you expect now
Maybe if you and this admin stop lying more people would believe you. You've lost all credibility. You did this to yourself so don't get mad and defensive when you are not taken seriously.
You and the president only are saying anything now because you got caught!!
Shame on you for all the lying you do!! How can you continue to support someone who supports wife abuse by their staff!!!
Porn star Stormy Daniels who alleged Trump affair: I can now tell my story #StormyDaniels #ValentinesDay Ash Wednesday #MAGA https://www.apnews.com/7511e7654b2f476489be235327843280 … … …
Good afternoon Skeletor
I'm sorry..... do you still think you're relevant!?!?!? #Amazing
So why don't you believe the women that have come forward about Donny.
There’s no saving your reputation, Kellyanne. You advocate for and enable a President with at least 19 credible accusations of sexual assault. Here are 12 of their faces.
Can someone please tell me why Gay people are called Gay and why women are called  Lesbians? Also, are LGBTQ born as LGBTQ or do they become LGBTQ as they grow up? Also, can a Gay or a Lesbian become straight?
Kellyanne, u are so lost in preserving this fake persona for that stable genius you are completely completely killing ur credibility
So well said Kelly! As you always express yourself. Yes WH is a target no matter what the story & Media abandon/avoid crisis stories to target WH. America deserves better.
Come on Kellyanne.  We all know the Ministry of Propaganda always distributes accurate information to their disciples via the #MSM
trump troll bot.
I guess it's easier to continue believing the leftists lies when you buy the notion that anyone who dissents is a bot
This White House doesn't care about the women who are abused in any way 
Shame on you !!!
more skank hoing.
You serve at the pleasure of a racist misogynist.  No mere words eill ever wash away the stigma attached to that.
This is what you get for lying to Americans day after day:
Maybe that is not what you meant... but you did say it... this comment was rightly denounced... just say "I was wrong and I am sorry" instead of some long winded defense. You are a woman.. who must know strong women who have been the victim of domestic violence.
Funny you don't post your transcripts when you are corned about not enforcing Russian sanctions, undisclosed Russian meetings and Flynn promising to lift sanctions on the inauguration day.
I'm sorry but your reputation proceeds you.
Your statement makes it seem like she would NOT be a victim of domestic violence because she is so strong with great instincts, loyalty, and smarts with a great family, support system and a president who relies on her...women in all walks of life are subject to domestic violence
I was watching, Tapper should have followed up your last remark w/a Q about Trump’s 19 accusers! They came out ... and WH calls ‘em liars!
Only thing that the news is trying to do is to distort is your face so that you look less haggard, just worn out by the consistency of being the Dotard clean-up girl all the time; you having to twisty your tongue into untruths and back-back-back pedal when Trump recants and lies.
I am betting it hurts your feelings daily to watch Sarah standing in the lime of the Press Secretary box while you fray in the wind of Trumps snake tongue whipping you around. One question, has he - had you - yet?
Oh, Clownyanne.  
Yeah....but where’s your boss?
Ugliness on the inside and out

Why don't you tweet transcripts of ALL your words? Ashamed? As you should be.

Feeling your career is over?
you cant defend a wife beater but you must ask what did she do? there are 2 sides personally i was married to a narcissist and wish id done the same as him lolo hapy valentine i just luv conservative bland women
Remember, people are only going to remember for what you are doing right now in the Whitehouse, no matter what you do after.  Spend that privilege and personal capital wisely and remember that your words are immortalized for your children to see for the rest of your life.
Happy St Valentine's!  What a thoughful gift to @FLOTUS - paying off a porn star!  Who need flowers and chocolates!  Are you a lucky enough broad that your husband will pay off a porn star for you????
It's the same page posted twice idiot! Also, what about the 20 WOMEN who have accused @realDonaldTrump ?? Even his ex-wives have talked about his abuse! Not to mention his serial infidelity!!
Just keep peddling your sleaze and cashing the checks
No matter what she says no one likes her
Kelly all this woman say men did this and that by god there two side to everything
Nobody believes anything you say Kelly Scam Conjob
Ssshh now.
Your words strongly implied that woman who are abused are weak. This may not have been your intended message but you said it. Later words do not erase it. Do I believe it when you say you don’t feel that way? You forfeited my trust with your constant lies.
Spin spin spin spin. Change the tone of the WH. Stop the lies from the Press Room and WH ppl doing interviews. They are all lying including you. You say what has to be said to protect Trump. Sacrificing yourself for sure.
enjoy the perp walks... you should be used to those.... being all mobbed up.... losers
You are shameful. How do you live with this?

Can’t imagine media distorting what you said-who would do that?
You are one sick individual. Wait until you have to stand before your creator,
Tell your boss.
Then why don't you believe the Trump accusers? You're an enabler and a terrible liar
Hollow words from a hollow woman who sold her soul....
Little and late
Hello
Cry me a river!  If women never lied, Rosie, Miley, Whoopi, Babs, Schumer, Judge Ruthie, would all be gone by now!  I thought the Dems liked HOPE and CHANGE!
Thosepoor women who came forward about Trump didn’t get such an understanding reaction from you. I hope you are never in their shoes, Kellyanne.
silently, come forward.  I THINK that’s what you meant
#ImpeachTrump Future of women under his administration. Don’t be the next victim. Impeach him now.
A real First Lady in Indianapolis tonight!!
While she may have what you view as an amazing support system, it seems from the outside that that support system would turn on her the moment she came out against porter. It would be career suicide. She knows this. Hence her silence and proper work behavior. #PoorHope

It's the look of her soul being slowly sucked away.
You’re a woman who supports, counsels, and defends a self-admitted abuser of women; a man with 16+ allegations of sexual misconduct made against him by women; a man who defends domestic violence aggressors but offers no empathy for female victims.  

Your talk is hollow & cheap.
Weird. Almost like your refusal to ever directly answer a question has led to confusion about what you meant to say.
Yea, so?
Those that know can see fake news before they even start talking just got to read the headlines and of course what news source.
Are you talking to you boy #putinspuppet
Nope kellyanne you don’t get to act like you are a champion for women when you’re working for and with abusers, you know about it, and you do nothing.
Kellyanne , please have your lips sawn together and do us all a favor.
Give it up. We heard you. You support a man who grabs women without consent by his own admission. He raped his 1st wife by her admission. He supports men who abuse when evidence against them is overwhelming. He is 1 of them & you defend him. Enough said. You won’t win this one.
@jaketapper Can we please stop asking this twit her opinion on ANYthing?  She has repeatedly proven herself to be nothing but a liar.  #BanKellyanne
Glad you are speaking out against domestic abuse, but your personal conviction is diminished by your selective application of support. Your boss has been accused by more than 15 women of abuse. You ignore that. Maybe being trump's groupie is more important than your integrity?
Unfortunately many women will LIE about Abuse, Rape, Sexual Molestation especially for $$$$$ and I'm not quick to believe any of them, I need PROOF....
What about all the women who accused Trump?
you guys are running around like mo, larry and curly.
Why don’t you believe the women that trump molested????
If you EVER spoke the truth there wouldn't be a need to bring props, tap dance and back step every time you open your damn mouth.
You have ZERO CREDIBILITY Kellyanne. Give up already, you has been/never was.
"Let me agree with you on that" - is VERY clear.  Not vague in any way. (Thanks for posting this)
Good to hear u believe the women over Trump.  It means you admit Trump is guilty of his alleged sexual harassment @FatchoyC
More double talk from a women with no integrity
You say a lot of things the President won’t say about the abuse of women publicly.
Why is that ?
Pls. Dont let @realDonaldTrump fire. Gen. Kelly ... he is a strong american and patriot. Thats what the left wants in order for chaos
What about the women accusing ur #Cult45 leader @realDonaldTrump of harrassment, assault and rape? What makes 1 group of women more credible #KellyAnneConjob ?
How do u an ill educated haggard bigot decipher the truth when u only lie? 
#CokedUpConway 
#TrumpTreason 
#KellyResign
Keep going..  you are not worried about Hope because she is strong....
So abused women are not strong.. the true Kellyanne  comes out aftervthe practiced statements are done
No one like it believes u so get lost
You say what Trump tells you to you are not allowed to make it that he is wrong
Okie dokie @sixpacks52 you and you 5 followers, probably all 5 sitting in your folks basement, really should comment on things you done know about. It will look bad when you go try to get your first job and they pull your social profiles up.
Btw FYI   Father died 1951,mother died 1984,wife died 1999. Have a good day
You said what you said.
@KellyannePolls give up. Take a deep breath next time you have an interview and get your lies in order.
And yet you still LIE for a serial abuser and liar. Nobody believes you anyway. What a joke.
Even if you actually told the truth for once even a broken watch is right twice a day give it up you're a born liar and manipulator of the facts
Oh look the head of @realDonaldTrump liar Team is speaking up
“I have no reason not to believe these women “ is not the same as saying you believe them. Is that too complicated for you to understand? Or do you consider it an alternative fact?
