VPPence: “Save the fetus, shoot the people”

Hahahaha. We could never forget Trump’s silent asshole.
One for every occasion!
Veep gives me the creeps.
Creeps the word! Beurk too!
Probirth is not prolife. Hey, let's cut food stamps and HUD and Medicaid and gun regulations and environmental protection. And let your cronies loot away, like HUD's Ben Carson buying a 30K dining set for office, demoting worker who tried to adhere to 5K limit.#CarsonResign
George said it best.
I miss George Carlin. He was spot on.
Yes. I often wonder what George would say about these times we are living in.
Me, too.
You need to peek out from under KELLYANNE'S skirt & see whats going on!!!  Where ya been???  C'mon boy c'mon out & see! He wont bite you!!
#ElectBonneau to #Congress. 
True representation and servant of #WeThePeople. Fighting to bring the #Constitution and YOU back to congress. 

http://ElectBonneau.com 
Trumps Great Bible Miracle of the 70 years++++Trumps Jerusalem to open in May
#ProLife
#SaveOurBabies
#ChooseLife
#TinyLivesAtStake
Hahahahahahahaha.
Is it your baby?
It’s human beings....
What percentage of your statistic that you placed on a crying baby, includes abortions due to risk of health to the mother? What about the percentage of that number that is due to rape or incest? Or those that would be born little more than a vegetable?
Since you ask. Rape 0.1%, fetal health 4%, mental health 3%, for a grand total of 7.1%. Leaving 92.9% stupidity....
Please cite your source. This is a PowerPoint pie graph.

Separation of religion and state. You freaking fanatic.
I live in Indiana and when Pence was Governor  he tried pulling some bullshit here on abortion. He signed into law   An Abortion Bill that was later struck down by Federal courts. He enraged women so much women were sending their soiled panties, and used tampons to him  /1
to his office at the Capitol. There was a #PeriodsforPence movement.
He was a piece of work! He does not believe in gay rights. He thinks thru electro shock therapy one can be cured of their gayness! He signed into law the a bill allowing biz to discriminate against
/2
selling their products or services to gay people or couples based on their religious convictions! He thinks women should be barefoot & pregnant in the kitchen & listen to their man and have no opinion! He is a Neanderthal!  If Trump is removed from office Pence has to go too! /3
MUSTN'T BE DECEIVED
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!!!!!!
Pro-life? How does pro-life work for the kids dying in mass shootings?

@IanScot23381776
Until the midterms. How’s that book doing??
Church and state were separated long ago. Did you miss that school year?  Get your hands full with supporting quality of life for rhe millions of moms and babies who need it #qualityhealthCare #equalityHealth
...and Trump’s also the most anti-intelligence, tact, diplomacy, patriotism, and chivalry. He needs to keep his junk in his pants, respect his wife more, and get out of the White House.
I can't wait for all the abortions he paid for to come to light. Loser.
????????????
Knock Knock #penceknew
You unctuous hypocrite!  By supporting trump, you have caused many evangelicals to  turn away from the faith. God will hold you accountable. The end justifies the means. Moral Relativism at its finest. SHAME ON YOU!


Hum the religion the only denominator I didn't sue under.
Odd, but pro-life is not just for the unborn. You and Donny seem to forget this. I think neither of you are in fact, profile, you are simply pro birth.
let’s rename ‘school’ to ‘uterus’ so maybe Pence will want to do something about children dying inside of them. What a piece of trump he is !
Let’s rename gun homosexuality and nobody will be allowed to say anything bad about them. And Pride in them will grow
Separation of church and state. That means your religious beliefs do not get to control other people's life choices. So sit down.
As best I can tell, you're in favor of freedom of speech and religion as long as it's the speech that's favorable to you and Dear Leader Trump, and the religion that you ostensibly practice, Christianity. Otherwise, "the media is the enemy of the people" and Muslims are banned.
Muslim band is a lie. Still let other Muslims in, but you lie and say ban. What a tool.
That's true.

It's not a Muslim ban.  It's a ban against travel from a list of predominantly Muslim countries.

A list snagged from an Obama law, but not otherwise relevant. It does however include Syria, a country that people are trying to flee, in part due to our own actions.
Wrong. The courts determined it is a Muslim ban. One of the consequences is that requests by foreign students for U S university admissions is way down. This is a very bad trend.
@realDonaldTrump could be more pro-life by cutting aid to Israel until they abandon their liberal abortion policy, Abortions there are done in govt run clinics  https://www.timesofisrael.com/israels-abortion-law-now-among-worlds-most-liberal/ … … @AnnCoulter @IngrahamAngle @seanhannity @MonicaCrowley @JudgeJeanine @NARAL @KatrinaPierson
Mikey, Mikey, Mikey.  How can you follow anyone so blindly?  In 1991, Trump was pro-choice!  He's never been a religious man; hell, his father was a Nazi sympathizer!  God is watching you, Mike.......I'm pretty sure he's very disappointed in your recent choices.  Shame on you.
Stormy Christian Russian Jared Ivanka Don lying manipulating thieves and you bow to the Christian Right- integrity Pence not an once

Trumps Jerusalem to open in May
The Vice President tweeted out the front page of @Tennessean with a story co-written by @HollyAMeyer
Well how about that.
Faith reporter? I don't remember that from JS school.
Allow me to introduce you to all of my really awesome work on the #GodBeat as we in the religion reporting world like to call it: http://tnne.ws/2GTz8Ma 
Lots of interesting looking articles. Disappointing to see no apparent questions for @VP asking to explain unholy #FakeChristian positions on CHIP & DACA jiving w/ Taliban-like views on women. Puff pieces fine. Journalism no.
Doesn't look like there was a Q&A--it was speech, Would be great if there had been a press conference
Correct. The format did nothing to help @HollyAMeyer but the regularity with which pols & ppl get away with playing holyroller w/out follow up is disturbing. I just read a number of her pieces. Good stuff. But @VP gets off easy in this one.
The only religion you care about is your own, no one else’s. Gross 
Not sure where you’re going with this. He only cares about Christianity? That would make sense because he’s a Christian, not a Muslim or a Hindu or some other religion. Or are you saying he has a personal religion that only he cares about? Either way it’s not gross
America is EVERYONE. Not just Christians. And he is the Vice President of EVERYONE and shouldn’t be pandering to his own personal pet causes. It’s gross and unethical but not even remotely surprising in your country.
this has got to be a joke.  woman’s reproductive rights are the law of the land why don’t you spend your 1 term as VP focusing on important issues like gun control !!
Hate to break it to ya, but about 60 million babies have been murdered from abortions since Roe vs. Wade which is much, much higher than the amount of people killed by guns. Although I support gun regulations, abolishing abortion is the more pressing issue
I LIKE MIKE

What you meant to say was free speech only for Fundamental Christians not religion. Already guaranteed in the Constitution, the Constitution also speaks to separation of religion and state.
Trump is pro life? Sorry but the GOP is not pro life. They are only pro birth. The child could get shot in a school and you folks at the @GOP wouldn’t even care. Your refusal to pass reasonable gun control is evidence of it
CALLING ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS - STAND TALL, STAND STRONG, REMAIN RESOLUTE, BE PATIENT HAVE FAITH - GOD IS ON OUR SIDE - DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT BUT THERE IS STILL MUCH WORK TO BE DONE - TO RENEW YOUR FAITH- Read "TRUMP KEEPING THE DREAM ALIVE" & RT
You mean the most "in the business of women's vaginas"? Worry about yourself @VP and stay out of my daughter's reproductive decisions. #WomenFirst  #abortionrights #obeythelaw
Great Christian values Mike !how about that stormy! Are you going to make a statement about her
Hey, don't you mean YOUR twisted, perverted vision of religion? Nothing else matters to you, no other rights, not the constitution, not our nation, nothing. Only your corrupted vision of God.

#FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway @KellyannePolls #KellyanneConway @POTUS
Except for the 3 just as me. Not pro-life when he will except the 3 reasons. Guess what. None of your freaking business why some HAVE to by profession opinions. God has a special place for you fake aholes.
Except when he wanted Marla to abort Tiffany
Pence= weird pervert.
He's the kinda guy we need that says a lot of nothing. I'm a fan of Trump BTW
Why do you hate women so much with your pro-killing women rhetoric? Further proof to the stupidity of this administration is Mike Pence proving that he's a moron by not being aware of the separation of church and state.
Then mr. Pence you have a massive undertaking because no one in the trump administration tells the truth at any time. Especially trump. You cant make honest law from misdirection, inactivity, and lies.
Pro-Guns
Pro-War
Pro-Nuclear Weapons
Pro-Death Penalty
Anti-Healthcare
Anti-Foodstamps : 

Yep, I'm Pro-Life (hypocrite!)

they meant to say pro-birth
you can't be pro-life if you don't believe in that kid having rights after they are born
Murderers.
JUST IN: Trump ends Obama-era ban on importing sport-hunted elephant trophies http://hill.cm/nKX3c6c  
Pro-life, like when you closed the only Planned Parenthood in Indiana that did HIV/AIDS testing and you prevented needle exchanges, thus giving rise to an HIV epidemic?  Good one, Mikey.
*cough* ahem. Hey buddy. There's this thing.. called... separation of church and state. 1st grade learning. Might have heard of it.
You mean Christian fundamentalist  as your administration has made it clear you are not prepared to extent that protection to Muslims
Thank you Mr. Vice President. The first amendment was meant to guarantee freedom of religion not freedom from religion as some mistakenly assume. The pilgrims left England because of religious persecution. That persecution is now being repeated in the so called "free world".
TRUTH:  You only pretend to care about the fetus BEFORE birth.  After, you are happy to let impoverished or disadvantages infants die due to malnutrition, lack of adequate health care, etc.
#TheResistance #GOPCorruption #HealthCareForAll
Dear @VP:  did you know we now live in the 21st century? Did you know women get to decide what to do with their own bodies?

Keep up the good work!  Save babies.
And what about those already living and the children that were killed in the schools
Americans do not share your religious beliefs and will not tolerate your efforts to impose your religion upon us.
It is interesting that you want to stop abortions but you don't want to help families raise those kids once they are born.  You can't fool me.  This is all about controlling women.  You are a man and should have no say in this discussion!!!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
Keep your gynotician hands off women’s bodies. You clearly have no respect for women and do not trust women to make their own medical decisions. Shame on you.
And make sure that is conservatives are no longer being censored on the internet & social media!!! 
#FreeTheInternet
What the hell does any of this bullshit mean ? You’re going to prison @RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell  #TrumpRussia #PenceRussia
Neither you nor the GOP legislatures at the federal, state and local levels are pro-life. You're simply pro-birth. Once a child comes out of the womb, your policies and priorities tells us you really couldn't care less about his/her life.
Yes continual your support for our President may God straighten n give wisdom to him n overcome what divide's us through your tireless efforts.Dios ti bendija
To bad the freedom of speech does not work on FACEBOOK

"That is, unless it's speech that doesn't coincide with my right-wing radical jihadist views"
What does mother think?
http://Actblue.com  should be illegal
Thanks V.P. Pence and Trump for all you do for the unborn and religious freedom! Yippee!
Pence the man who has no uterus talking about our issues as women, saying if you aren’t with NRA you cannot talk about guns 
Let’s fundamentally get the illegals out of our country and secure the border. Tough job you guys have. I’ll be praying for you.
Religion is your thing not everyone ‘s
If you're going to use the bible to make abortion illegal then I'm going to expect you to also  make divorce illegal.  The bible weights no sin above another and it is clearer on divorce than it is on abortion.  GOP will change it's mind quick right?
You should’ve been aborted
Lying ball sack. Yeah, let's protect the "sanctity" of life. .. ban assault rifles and keep your religion off my body.
No uterus no say.
Great job!!!!
Freedom of Religion means ALL RELIGIONS not just your FAKE CHRISTIANITY!
Try reading the Constitution, it’s all in there, and besides you should be familiar with the document that you took an oath  to protect defend for the United States!
But that’s against the law and the majority of Americans’ thoughts. You are not there to carry your religious agenda folks.
And you will know them by the company they keep
Your boy just called for the death penalty for drug dealers, way to be for LIFE. BTW the drug dealers are small compare to what Big Pharm is doing.
Death to drug dealers they are poisoning our youth, young men and women..
Big Pharm does so much good in this world,they are here to help NOT TO MURDER
#MAGA

#2ndAmendment

#HoggExposed
Is @DavidHogg111 legitimate or a fraud?
@GOPChoice always choice from this conservative aerospace engineer. Wake up and get a clue. You don't want to anger the engineers. We are data driven and fact based. Slow to anger. But will end your quest for lordship over our personal parts.
??????? This tweet makes no sense
...but 'shrug' and 'pout' at the death of 17 people by a crazy guy with a gun.
If only guns could be as well regulated as every woman's uterus . . . 
How do you continue to spew so many untruths...you know this statement is straight BS.
Can you be any more fake? No...seriously
How about we return the office of the president back to @BarackObama
not a chance he had his hope and we got our change.  No thanks
Is that both freedom of religion and freedom from religion?   Is it just your religion?  Whose religion?  Pretty interesting demand coming from the biggest hypocrite in America.  Claims to be a Christian yet acts in every way but as a Christian.  Pathetic. Sinful even.
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/10156803972847908/ …
Hug a sorry liberal today.
You will only succeed in banning safe (i.e. performed by a licensed professional) abortions for the poor. The wealthy and middle class will always be able to go to a more progressive country to get one. And why don’t u care bout these babies after birth?
Lets have a national carrier law.  You have a concealed carry permit....you should be able to carry anywhere in the US.
I can't get Due Process on an Oregon case of illegals who have committed criminal fraud forgery and Identity Theft.  Who do I call for this support?  I need help in Portland OR.
Ice
thats whats wrong with Trump. and pro choice people arent anti life  They are just smart.
Be clear, you mean the unborn.  For this alive they are on their own for food, shelter and healthcare.  THAT is the Republican way.
Amen
Not a chance.
The same party that's OK with children & families being killed, polluted drinking water, dirty air !!! #UnfitForOffice #NotMyPresident
Tell us snowflake was Flint Michigan under Your President?  What year was Animas river turned toxic Orange 2015? was it.  Yes Facts elude you.  Nice try though oh and #yesheisyourpresident
Hi Mike, Just wondering why almost everyone in power looks like a giant q-tip wearing a suit. How come no one dyes their hair? Anyways.. How do you feel about nachos? I feel great... and would feel even better if you would toss me a fiver so I could get some. Anwyays let me know.
So you’re not in support of the Constitution?
Guess your putting your personal beliefs above the oath you took.
Know what I’m saying? Thanks for reading- please resign immediately.
Hey Penis, you don't support freedom of Speech,  and you need to keep your religious beliefs out of Government and quit trying to make laws
Stop trying to inflict your 1950's values on the rest of the country - you now have a tiny minority number of supporters - you have no mandate. If you are genuinely pro-life, focus on deaths from firearms, motor vehicles, opioids.

Thank you Mr. Pence for your VOICE OF "LIFE" in such a dark & lost world!

"Open your mouth on behalf of all those who cannot speak; seek justice for all those on the verge of destruction. " 
Proverbs 31:8

GOD BLESS YOU!🕆
Now when we turn to our Heavenly Father for His help, he will listen!
As Long as The Speech and Religion Coincide with Your Blather.
Kellyanne’s retweet is her way of saying Trumps through & impeachment which even Republicans will support to get rid of Trump & put Pence in as president.  Kellyanne is buttering up the person who will be her new boss & hopes he keeps her on. Maybe finally Trump is being conned .
Trump is a bloated turd, as is any person or group that supports him.
Thank you for standing for life.
There is no freedom of speech w/o the 2nd Amendment. Cmon Mike!
Just a thought, but wouldn’t the “most pro-life president ever” occasionally talk about being pro-life? And maybe work with his pro-life congress, his pro-life advisors & his pro-life supreme court to make progress on the pro-life issue? Again, just a thought.

its those pesky russians
The gay ones?
You can start by 1) restrict access to firearms to promote life; 2) support NFL protests to support free speech: and lift Muslim travel bans to support freedom of religion

Brothers and Sisters our best days are ahead of us because there is a greater power with us, God through Jesus Christ, Amen.  2 Chronicles 32:7 #Jesus #Salvation #Faith #Bible #Gospel #HopeWorld
This administration and its followers are a bigger threat to free speech than we’ve ever seen. Also, you say religion but what you mean is Christianity, you don’t give a damn about other religions.
And yet you put forth no attempt at a solution for the 154 mass shootings and 6880 unnessecary gun deaths last year alone. At least you guys have your priorities straight.
We are with you mike pence, Please Ask Trump to resign, his base has just

dumped him, now is the time, He has the IQ of dirt
#Pence = religious bigot
Didn't know #Pence was so strongly against the #deathpenalty
You piece of filth. Corrupt to the core, going to spend 15-19 for selling out to Russia, one of the whitewashing crowd, but you think you can say what you like about women’s rights? Don’t think so. A better solution would be to neuter men like Trump.
Mega FAKE NEWS!!!!  #POTUS  #GOP  #Congress  #WhiteHouse.  You will NEVER control my body and my right to decide what will happen to my body.  You are NOT God, so you have no rights to my choices.
Ok jackass just tell me who has ever threatened religious freedom except for you and Trump when you all Tried to limit Islam. Only ones trying to end religious freedom is this administration
You guys are doing an amazing job!! Keep up the great work!!
This is wonderful! I'm so glad you're pro-life. So tell me, does your belief also cover babies already born? Those in foster care? Because I'm raising a baby born addicted to meth and could use a lot of help. He has expensive therapy, doctors bills, etc.
But then again, you all want to cut medicaid, the very program that pays for much of his care. You also want cuts to programs like WIC that give him food. Or what about mental health programs, given his increased risk of mental illness as he ages?
So let's be completely honest, Mr. Pence. You don't want to help actual living, breathing children at all. You only care about making sure they're born.

How very Christian of you.
Maria, do not judge our VP by your own standards. YOU chose to raise a child with severe handicapps.
The Bible is pretty adamant about that whole "helping others" concept, Diana. Almost like it's the basis of the whole religion.

Weird.
Pence could be the next one indicted by Mueller. Will u enjoy prison mike? All your lies for nothing. U will go down with the trumps.

Freedom of religion unless you’re anything but Christian...
But let the semi automatics reign supreme upon the children and people of the land!! Pro-life???
funny you havent mentioned planned parenthood killing 3000 yesterday or today or the next day or the day after gues that doesnt matter
Calling BULLSHIT 
You don't want healthcare reform 
You don't want to feed millions o2d starving/homeless people and that's just here in the US

And you call yourselves Christian's 
That is a lie
There are children dying in our schools and churches. Children starving in this country—the richest in the world. Kids without safe drinking water. Ripped from their families by ICE. Mentally ill people being executed. “Sanctity of LIFE” from a conman.
Donald Trump“ I’m very pro choice” on Meet the Press 1999. Sorry @VP  you just don’t wake up and say” I’m pro life today” In this same interview he was also against banning gays in the military.
My dear Pence, wise talk! God bless and protect you and Trump.
Scream with joy as you lower thy dead children into the cold hard ground and rejoice because the 2nd amendment and the NRA liveth!
1st Republicans verse 11-12
What will happen the next time @realDonaldTrump knocks up one of his porn stars floozies? Will you turn away from God’s actual message then too? Like you have so many times over your career? #pussygrabber #RobPorter #StormyDaniels @FLOTUS #PedophileJoe #jesuswept
The sanctity of LIFE-- then support an assault weapons ban- protect people now
Hmm how many people are killed by "assault weapons each year vs Big Pharma ods?  And there you sit not having said a word.  Shame on you for using dead children to push a false agenda
Thank god 4u2
Hey, if you're hearing voices telling you to say shit like this, that isn't God or Jesus talking to you. I suggest you seek some mental health assistance. Oh wait, you probably already cut the funding for that.
Because, that’s all he’s got...control women’s bodies and lives. #reproductiverights
You’re a jerk-off.
Really? You think that if #StormyDaniels or one of #DotardDonnie's other mistresses got pregnant he wouldn't be paying for the abortion? #FakeChristian #Denial
You don't even see the contradiction here. Sad.
