Teary School Cafeteria Employee Thanks @realDonaldTrump For Bonus from Tax Plan http://insider.foxnews.com/2018/03/14/teary-employee-thanks-president-donald-trump-bonus-st-louis-missouri-tax-plan-meeting …
Get out of our White House.
Wait until next year when she owes because the withholding is too low. It's like a 3% decrease in taxes. Maybe a little more for increased std deduction, but don't forget personal exemptions are gone. Been there with the 81 RR tax cut. And taxes were raised in 82, 83, 84, and 87.
Just checked mine. Shocked that I'll owe 5k if I don't change my W-4 asap. We usually get 2k refund. No household changes. Wages are flat in Indiana. Employer-based insurance programs have increased. Even with changing w-4 this week, I'll still owe $150. #GOPTaxScam
Thousands of people laid off in the tourism industry ( hotel, airlines, car rentals, catering, waiters, chefs, cleaners, laundry, florists, bus drivers, travel agents, etc..) curse Trump as tourism down 8% .
Because of Russia and Cambridge?
You are a Wicked, Evil, Coniving, “Human” and there is a special place in Hell for you...I have lived a good life as a Medical Oncology Registered Nurse and Idiots like you make my SKIN CRAWL,

yea, can't even buy a cheeseburger with the big whooping $1.50 are you on opioids ?
So I guess you eat and speak shit!!
Bitch.... please.
#realnewsfacts
I thought you were there to further corrupt the government...,
She hasn’t seen her health ins. Premiums yet huh?  You screwed her and she has no idea you garbage harpy.
#Crumbs, Kelly, crumbs. And you know it.
To rob from the poor to give to the rich!
Why is this tweet unavailable, more sensorship?
Why is this tweet unavailable, what am I a child, or in Russia?
Propaganda and #foxnews is #FakeNews
Make sure you watch Stormy on 60 minutes Sunday,when she talks about the famous pig who is temporary living in our WH.
My retired father who recently lost his wife and lives on SS with pensions had an increase of $1500 to $4500. Yeah that tax plan really helps normal people!


Stealing to give to corporations
My taxes went UP!!!!!
How long did it take to find her? My pay increased $33 / month. Woohoo!
My understanding is that you are there because of Russia and Cambridge Analytica.
-
Did I miss something ?
You and the @realDonaldTrump administration are CROOKED. We will be so happy to see you in prison along with 45’s family and cronies. I think you’ll look really good in orange...prison orange.
 ahhhahahah for what? Their $1,50 pay rise??? You’re hilarious
The Dictator Trumpy tax break is only for the Rich...Why are the Crapcervatives okay with raising the national Debt now ????
Glad we got that purpose narrowed down to an employee in a cafeteria somewhere.
Why ARE you here, Kellyanne?
When the democrats win this fall you’re in for a rude awakening...JAIL TIME BABY!!
Wait till she sees that her SS & Medicare are gutted and that you did NOTHING to protect her and the school from being gunned down with an AR15
Did she get her $1.50 a week while billionaires and trump filled their bank accounts?  What a relief. Unfortunately last year our budget deficit grew. And this year will be even worse.
FAKE NEWS
You're a joke.   MANY middle class people paying LOTS MORE in taxes while #SwampDwellers like you get a huge windfall.  Deplorable.
For blatant idolatry from people who don’t know any better.
We all know why you’re here to spread lies, perpetuate false news, gaslight, and damage control for #TrumpIsAMoron
Please find an hour and a half to watch this video from the James A Baker III Institute for Public Policy (which is is ranked No. 3 among the best university-affiliated think tanks in the world). It's time for Global change.
They have been together since 1970 and got married in 1975.
then next year she loses job entirely
You serve and bow down to  RAT Trump that's why you're there
I guess that cafeteria worker doesn't realize how badly she's going to get screwed over in the long run...
Is your night job being a comedian? @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS because you should toss in a few Trump jokes and how he claims he’s never mistreated women!  Hahaha ha Ha
That’s a joke!  You sure can be funny!
No one can figure out why you're there. You are useless.
https://www.facebook.com/Masrawy.Masrawy.22/videos/1788139501237306/ …
Shouldn’t you lay off the tweeting? After all Bob Mueller and Stormy Daniels have 45 in their cross hairs and you are complicit. XOXO

Shouldn't you be out obsessing about Hillary??  I thought the only thing in your head and heart were all things Hillary.
Pleaseeeee.  The tax cuts are a sham.....
Sorry Trolls, Trump won.  Get over it.
After reading replies I now understand more about trolls.  Obamaites.
You're here to allow workers from the Ozarks believe they're barely worth a $200 bonus, as opposed to an actual raise to a living wage? Checks out.
Yawn.
you’re here solely because of a decade of GOP gerrymandering and Russian meddling. Oh and Koch Bro money & NRA money helps too.
花田花田光司は相撲界の異端児国技を守る為に　追放すべきわがままを　許すな　示しが付かない　貴乃花部屋は　解散　力士は他の部屋へ移動
森友　加計　問題での元は安倍晋三　字の読めない大臣麻生太郎　菅官房長官が部下に命令して　三人が遊び女昭恵の言う様に動いた事が　原因です　安倍晋三は責任者として総理議員を　辞任せよ麻生太郎は財務大臣を辞任、せよ　国民なめるな？バカ太郎
Why you’re here? Should we also believe that’s why Koch bros made good on their bribe and gave Ryan’s PAC $500k for passing the #TaxScam? And GOP intend to pay for this all by cutting Medicare, SS etc. #BlueWave

You wish you where her don’t you ..
I’m sure you’ll say that in a few years when that same cafeteria employee is crying because she is paying higher taxes and can’t make ends meet.

This is why you’re there
On @Morning_Joe today, I discussed how waning support for the G.O.P. tax plan has dovetailed with the company announcements of where tax cut savings are heading, a sliver of which is to average Americans. http://on.msnbc.com/2FJG6D5 

Only a small portion of the $1.2tln in tax cuts earmarked for the avg American who earns ~$55k/year.  @Morning_Joe 

Companies gave us the heads up – wage increases were not the #1 priority to channel tax-cut related proceeds.  @Morning_Joe 
Oh, did she get $1.50 also?
You will be in prison with your boss.
Drink the Kool Aid. It will poison you eventually
SHUT UP CRAZY WOMAN !!!!

Hang in there Kellyanne only 6 yrs and 9 months! We need you! And love you!
Cafeteria worker excited about  a bonus?  She was paid to do this!!
So.... America's #Blacklung #KellyWise I hear working @ the WH is the most toxic work environment "on the planet". I apologize 4 wanting u to quit r get arrested. Please stay. Tough it out. So much winning going on right now. Who knew #Dumpster meant lying when he meant winning.
Shut up you useless, ignorant twit!!


That still doesn't explain it.
Was that before or after their tax dollars paid for you to jet around the world smuggling xanex and orange dye no 47 for your crude monkey of a boss
Donald Trump Jr.'s wife has filed for divorce http://read.bi/2FCKnMw  via @businessinsider
...and now you’re going to turn around and steal twice as much out of our social security benefits after you stole another 1.5 trillion dollars from our children and grandchildren.
#GenerationalTheft #Huckster #ScamArtist
you are there because your boss lied all the way from day one until now. there was not a day of joice but chaos, if the WH staves are all specially selected, why are they being removed or resigned
Bullshit.
Does it bother you that Stormy gets paid more than you do?
Do you swallow?

Where my bonus??? I'm not thanking him until I get one!!!  FAKE NEWS!!
I want my money back from all your private jet rides.  Otherwise quit and get out of the WH.
Wow maybe she can move into your 7 million dollar home in DC now that she's able to retire that who paid for Mercer Trump perhaps you should have them pay for your private flights as well
Small things
Yes, you are their because of @foxnews No one else would lie for this regime like they do.  Have you asked @realDonaldTrump for a pardon yet @KellyannePolls ?  I assume there will be a lineup later.  Get in there early and avoid the crowds.
Paid happy actors!!
Hey Kelly Anne, an honorable person would step down for violating the law.
The winner of the yucky award is you!

Nice job!
Looks like the Apple doesn’t fall far from the tree.
It won’t be long start packing you and the criminal administration will be gone and Trump is to stupid to figure it out maybe he’s going to hire Stormy Daniels
Go away criminal!

Great. BUT no mention of the thousands of teens that walked out yesterday.
Go crawl back under your rock Conjob.
#ConfidenceMan #DirtyMoneySeason1Episode6

you have to eliminate the deficit and cut the size of govt in half or any talk of tax cuts is BS!!
It was a one time $204 bonus. When your administration gets done cutting Medicare and Social Security, this woman will have something real to cry about. Those crumbs won't help.


Ethics violations x 4

Nightmare of a broken @WhiteHouse
Gee, Kellyanne, after reading all these replies to your tweet, can you feel the love?

You are their as a loyal LapDog to beg for @realDonaldTrump to give you Tic Tacs he hired you to make women look ignorant and you are doing a great job so far Kellyanne Conwomen just another Dotard!
Oh hush you old hag
In her Inauguration outfit!
How much was the bonus?
Yes, you're definitely there because of Fox News :-).
Isn't it about time you upped & died. And put you out of our memory.
Ah... so you’re not here to save children from gun violence then?
Oh, did she get more than $1.50?

And where you're going. @realDonaldTrump #kellyanneconway #NeverAgain #TheResistance http://tiny.cc/0mc9oy 
Gaslighting. Not true miss. You're here for the stunning drop of corp tax down to 21%. Your base may be suckers. Many Americans are not.
Hillary lost her credibility when she didn’t leave Bill.  If she couldn’t stand up for herself there’s no way she could stand up for me.  She lost my vote a long time ago.
I thought you were here to make Thanksgiving with my conservative, elderly relatives miserable.
Real people struggled, many failed financially during the Obama 'Venezuela' experiment. Many small businesses failed. The Obama experiment was heartless in its economic oppression of low income, real people. You can hear the tragedy in her voice.
It’s a permanent tax cut.  Get out of here with this ‘bonus’ shit.
What an act. Just like everyone in the WH, actors pretending to be human.
Dehumanize much?
Bytch, puleeze...
I watched and could see how this touched our President who is finally listening to #WeThePeople !
Where we go one, we go all!!
You and Trump be sure to give my regards to Putin.
I forget: are you one of the porn stars??
To set up photo ops?
Why we're here:

Teary eyed Koch brother rejoices at massive tax giveaway.
Pack your bags.  Your days are numbered.  Wrong side of history.

Do you know who's not going to be indicted today? 
Ok, that's one. 60% of tax cuts are being used for stock buy-backs. Most people who could use a wage increase don't own stock. Maybe they're paying expensive plane trips?
And to fleece America...
They got an extra .35 cents in there paychecks.
Yet my accountant told me when we did my taxes that the new plan will be a wash for me. So thanks for nothing.
But there just crumbs? Just ask the loon of the left, Nancy Princess Pelosi.
They may need to give that back to pay the wall since Mexico is not paying for it!!!
To mislead the American people
When are you going to pay us back for your flights?   You've broken the Hatch Act how many times?  You have zero ethics.
Again I heard retail workers- lower c look ass - lower middle -- deny any tax brakes !! Saying " it proves only the rich benefit"
Toy R Us going bankrupt--why you're here. How many layoffs? You see we can go tit for tat all day.
That lady brought a tear to my eye, God love her. MAGA
Idiot! 
A one time bonus is nothing! 
A living wage is everything!
Sorry to tell you but you probably won't be there much longer. #TrumpIsATraitor and so are you.
Yes, you guys really do enjoy celebrating symbolic victories while doing nothing meaningful.
Yes genius. We're all in the cafeteria to get coffee.
Do you have to tweet about it??


This seems like such an anomaly.

Any plans for you to payback your 1st class travel on the government dime?
Now she can go to Sam's Club. Oh wait, they all closed after Wal Mart handed out the "bonuses" Trumpy bragged about.
I hope that employee spends that windfall $20 well.
U commited a crime and u are still there, go away. Forever. Please
No, you are here to line the pockets of your rich masters. So sad.
I just threw up in my mouth.
You are there thanks to the Russians.
Heard you on NPR. You must be dizzy from all the spin. Admit that the president is a nightmare who is destroying your party. You'll feel better.
business going bankrupt left and right, prices rising, and my pockkets are emptier than ever...that is trump's doing
Your boss might be able to use this:
Grow thicker and fuller hair fast or send it back for a full refund with our 100% guarantee! 

Keep the good news coming ka
Yah..Rumour has it these are paid actors.
“Why we’re here”....to stage these phony “Thank you beloved leader” BS.
This is a bald-faced lie $1,000 doesn't help anybody one month's worth of bills and that's it it's gone
Why ARE you here anyway?
White House Couch Tart Alert! How are your knees? I saw a photo of them irritated.            The worker is able to buy a slice of pizza for lunch once a month and not have to eat the cafeteria food! #MakeAmericaGreatAgainGetRidofTrump
Trump Is The Best President In U.S History, We Must Respect Him.I just say he’s now elected,” Nicole Kidman Says

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2018/03/trump-is-best-president-in-us-history.html …
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump the money she makes in a year, you spend on your wardrobe without blinking. We're not fooled.
To throw a pittance to poor and middle class people and lard millions on the wealthy? In that case, go away.
Thank you for saying on F&F just now what I've been saying for more than a decade: that the ONLY reason HRC has had the career she's had is because of her husband!
