Good old-fashioned peace through strength 
Best President ever!!! 

#Trump2020
Little Rocket Man would rather hitch his car to the #TrumpTrain than go down in a fizzle. Makes perfect sense!
Little Rocket Man ran through the country's money, and he was running the country off Reserve money, which he considered as his money.  He didn't get a social awakening - Trump's sanctions brought him around IMO.
Thanks KA can you tell your husband to tweet about this so I’ll know what the truth is
Very childish on your part.  Do you feel better now?
Kinda
I know I feel better reading it, thanks Jeff.
Kellyann, please make certain President Trump sees this please? You Rock, by the way!
President Trump, YOU, SIR, DESERVE THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE, HANDS DOWN! 
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @Diamon and Silk, @SarahHuckabeeSanders @FLOTUS
Are u on drugs??
Not at all! Are you? Dk? What’s your problem?
God bless you Kellyanne! God bless America! MAGA!
You looked beautiful last night. #classy @PressSec too.
Now you believe #WAPO?
Korean War Ends! Trump wins Nobel Peace Prize!

Lol The nuclear test site collapsed.
Unification - its a win/win
Moon has done a GREAT job!!!
HE got the U.N. resolution to allow N.K. in Olympics.
HE made the offer to N.K. to join the Olympics.
HE deserves to get a Nobel Peace Prize.
On Jan. 4 @realDonaldTrump asked Moon to publicly give him the credit for creating the environment for the talks.  Very SMART Moon knows how to play him and did just that.
So when will the White House be releasing the transcripts of the conversations Trump had with SK and NK about this? I call bull crap on Trump initiating any of this.
So who do do you think initiated it?
Not trump he’s Too Stupid!
I don’t think you really think the president of the most powerful country in the world is stupid.  You know just because you disagree with someone doesn’t make them stupid. BTW my children are never allowed to use that word.
How about not too smart? Is that better?
And trump promised to release his taxes
Wasn't that site destroyed in accident earlier this year?

Gross!
You and Sarah looked stunning last night 
IG is very powerful & can counteract Mueller. Don’t speak to mueller under any circumstances. Stay out of DC as much as possible. Do more rally style events. The FBI and TALKING HEADS even on FOX, “experts” they aren’t field agents & don’t know what they are talking about. 1/2
Follow me. I have predicted so much already and maybe I can be assistance even if it’s only on Twitter. I just started it a week ago. Please follow me. God bless. Great family, the TRUMPS!! 2/2
Sit on a missile.
THANK YOU TRUMP! 
Fuck off. He had nothing to do with this.
You seem super nice. 
NK’s nuclear test site was destroyed beyond repair w their last test. Empty promise here....
The pre dismantled site?
Ready for another AMAZING week @KellyannePolls ? Thank you for your service to this country! #maga2020
Suuuuure they do....    I hope they do, but why don’t you all just shut up and make it happen
And.... Is trump Broke?
in return for?
Probably in return for @POTUS not collapsing his country
this same flowery language has been used by NK in the past.  are you saying that NK is afraid of the US nuclear threat against them?  If Trump tried that, what would happen to SK about 8 minutes after our nukes launched?
Now, this is great to see North and South Korea engaging with each other.....but what does the North want to happen in order to get rid of their bombs?
I don't know, this is an important question though.
I agree.  That is why this is all a stage production right now.  NK is getting complimented for coming to the table and acting normal, and Trump is getting credit for bringing them to the table.  Lets see how the real negotiations go.
I smell a #NobelPeacePrize for #DJT
Trump trump trump we love you
God bless Kellyanne!

Because it’s not usable anymore. It was built inside or under a mountain. (Too many big booms makes mountains angry — who knew?) Seems like a good time to dismantle, huh?

#ActualFacts
Art of the deal.
North Korea can get Nukes/Rockets from China anytime. #NOKO is a arms dealer for China to rouge states.

South Korea is the cost of North Korea shutting it's arms operations. South Korea is going the way of the former British Hong Kong, under China's control.
Is this the same site that collapsed?
Can't dismantle something that is already dismantled (DUH)
..... but it’s not because of you. It’s because if they do test anymore, they won’t have a country left. Love how you guys are trying to take credit.
#iseerightthroughyou #idiots
Because it collapsed. Oh yea - you deny science too! I credit the earth with this win not your man nor Dennis Rodman. You are a poser and a fake
I don't understand. @realDonaldTrump, who you work for, correctly proclaims the @washingtonpost is #FakeNews . Yet you continue to Tweet them as if they are a reliable source 
Which has zero relationship to any effort on Trump's part.



But what a terrible job Trump has done!! De nuclearization in public! Can't have it!!
That doesn't mean they are giving up nukes. They did this before and built another one. So really means nothing. The site is unstable anyway.

Idiot, stay in Canada
Cry baby.
Wow what a creative boring troll!
And the main stream media responds with, “But Russia!!”
CONway
I thought they were a FAKE NEWS operation. Please take a shower.
That doesn’t mean that they’re stopping their nuclear program.
This administration needs to stop the lies to the American people!@realDonaldTrump is the most corrupt president in history. #resist #ImpeachTrump #TruthMatters
It’s half collapsed .  So that should be fun.
Thank you Dennis Rodman 
Keep grabbing the line stupid the hook is almost in your stomach you people are so easy to be fooled
   What are they going to do, put a padlock on the fence gate and declare it closed?
THANK YOU POTUS!!!!
Donald Drumpf promised to reveal his taxes. Said none of the campaign met with Russians. We’ll believe it when we see it. Otherwise  it goes in the lie pile.   No credibility on any member of his staff or cabinet!
I thought it was collapsed and useless.  Hey I promise to stop using my car (but it does not work anyway)
And your boss had nothing to do with it. Here's the real reason.
Trump has nothing to do for this meeting. It is NK army who were losing their perks due to U.N. embargo. He went to China they refused so he went to his rich brother SK.  DO NOT GIVE TRUMP CREDIT so Kim un can get perks for his army
You looked beautiful in that white Dress yesterday. BreathTaking


Im sitting here looking at my gains since i became loyal to u. 
50" HD WEB TV , Samsung tablet, clothes and Saved cash. A laptop, wine, Cheese & Chocolate. 
I think i made a mistake leaving you. Your innocent
Iran promises to dismantle its nuclear test site in public view. Wait, Obama’s deal didn’t include that? How is that a deal then?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha...  Deep Breath.  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha... snort.  Breath. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 

Chump being played like a Stradivarius.
And I promise not to say anything bad about your whole disgusting administration. Unlikely. How about that dinner last night?  Laughed my ass off. But have never seen you nor Sarah look so angry other than every time I see you

Lol! I thought that was fake news. You reveal your hipocracy.
We owe so much to South Korea for leading on diplomacy while @realDonaldTrump & co sit on the sidelines! #TrumpUnfitToLead
Thank you China and Putin.
Do you mean the test site that exploded, caused earthquakes and fears of nuclear contamination? Isn’t that site already, umm, “dismantled?”
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
Every one here knows how to read kellyanne
LOL Roar...   It appears as though you are the only one here thinking or at least trying to...   I don't babysit grand kids so forget it...
The same test site that has already collapsed?
Ohhh in public view. Because they’ve never backed out of anything before.
Thanks  to China not trump the soy ok
Screw you resist.
Get more followers next time bot lmfao
Who gives a damn about a test site.  How about dismantling the missiles or the laboratories  that manufacture them.
So TRUE!!!
I understand that their nuclear test sight is totally destroyed making it useless.
Thanks China for making this happen!!

@BillClinton hasn’t been President since the 90’s,oh do try to keep up!

How is Trump going to claim he made this happen?
Thank you President Trump! #Winning

Good one..... 

What are you...... 5? Reply with a picture lol 

The left today, I feel bad for you people.
Please dont feel bad for us. We have got zero respect for you deplorables. I blame the education system for this current  situation. But we are going to fix it in November..
Haha thinking like that Will get you far Bigot...

I blame the eduction system for creating the modern left which has gone mad. Basically fascists.

Keep talking. You guys where pretty confidant in 2016 and how did that work out for yaa...?
Yeh we were pretty confident  until the Russians  took over the campaign.
You just keep thinking that.... 

Seek some help asap. You need it.
You mean the one that was already unusable?
What's the catch?
And you really believe this nonsense. They supply Iran and Syria !
Trump is the man
Trump taking credit but he was not there more bull frim him
Thanks China!!!!!!!!
Thank You China!!
Get under your tree!
If Kim will do that I will not refer to him as little rocket man for now in my tweets. As a good faith gesture...hahaha...but he better watch his goose step:):)
Hi
Cuz they can't use and don't need it anymore.
Trump said Washington post is fake . Why are you posting articles?

It's so funny to me that you and your idiot lying boss are quoting the NYT and the WP. I guess it's only "fake news" when it convenient.
They have lied before. Wait and see. Some break treaties. Look at your history. Not all Countries are honorable media.We hope for good.
Our country needs to be careful they may dismantle one but may have another one building
Wow, you think the POTUS, your boss, deserves the Nobel Peace Prize, but you get your information from a newspaper
For a week? For a month? Why now? Sounds too goid to be true! I don't trust #KimJongUn #NorthKorea #NorthKoreaSouthKorea @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
I like to see the video before I trust what they say!
Not because of 45


Thank you great team of this incredible administrator and Kelly the great majority of our fellow Americans don’t want you near a forest fire your an asset to this country in so many ways
We need to send you to make sure they keep their word and that you finally earn your salary instead of babbling the lies of the unhinged and chaotic @POTUS.  @WhiteHouse Huckabilly @PressSec @CNN @MSNBC @nytimes @washingtonpost
the site collapsed no?
White House Couch Tart Alert!
Great job South Korea!!
Gullible!!! So you really believe the site he's closing is the real site? Piss him off in couple months and see those test missiles resurface. Not sure how this admin so easy believes the nonsense and want to trust N.Korea. Don't let desperation for a win create blindness.
If the @realDonaldTrump falls for that lie from NK. Then he's dumber than his supporters. Just like him becoming president, we will regret it. We as country have a lot to lose.
Yes, exactly. Kim/China and Jae-in have forged ahead w/o Trump in order to lay down their own guidelines from which to craft a treaty. They've now boxed him in so that any attempt by the US to interfere will make Trump the person standing in the way of peace in Korea.
No country with nuclear weapons has ever totally disposed of their nuclear weapons. Full stop.
But...you've called WaPo fake news in the past. So is this not fake anymore? Oh, I get it; this headline is favourable to your administration.
Beautiful!!
Trump may of had 25% of that being possible, however N Korea wanted a different president in S Korea to communicate the likely hood of dismantling nukes
#MAGA
Is that the site in Bowling Green?

It's nuclear test site inside the mountain has collapsed and is no longer usable. So they aren't going to dismantle anything.
President Moon is doing s wonderful job.
North Korea, America, China, South Korea, must compromise. It’s the only way to achieve a sustainable stability and Peace.
“Some say that we are terminating facilities that are not functioning, but you will see that we have two more tunnels that are bigger than the existing ones and that they are in good condition,” Moon’s chief press secretary, Yoon Young-chan, quoted Kim as saying.
This here...
#TrumpHadNothingToDoWithIt
And they will continue to starve and kill their people in public view as well. Where is your outrage now?
I don’t trust you or North Korea!

You believe a killer of 3.5 million of its own citizens?
North Korea has made many similar promises in the past.  We shall see!!
Distmantle what?  They blew it to smitherines!  They're screwed or they would never ever come to  the table. They are desperate and let's not forget lying murderers that killed their own brother. #NoTrust

We shall see
The North Korean nuclear test site is already dismantled. It collapsed and is virtually inoperable. It's a meaningless, empty promise.

Never believe what KJU says. This is a ploy. The pressing problem we now face are the illegal immigrants. No asylum for these people. They are not skilled and will only become parasites of the USofA. Get a military plane ready to take them back to their country of origin.
So are they not "fake news" with this story?

Mm, except the Chinese reported a week ago that the NK nuke plant had collapsed.
Trump reigns!
Awesome. For 60 years President have tried and failed. Not this President.
Thank God for our great President, plz tell him millions of people r praying for him and love and support him. GO TRUMP 2020 MAGR.

Masterful Deal Maker in Chief: South Korean Moon 
It won't happen

but what about the warhead manufacturing & storage plants?
You’re quoting the WaPo? Fake news according to your twisted view of the world. So if the story matches your idea of truth, all bets are off. SAD! @washingtonpost
Because it collapsed?

Isn’t the WP fake news Kel?
That's just great news!
The nuclear test site that has been used for decades inside a mountain. The same test site that they had to abandon due to a partial collapse due to all the nuclear testing done there. The very same mountain that is expected to collapse entirely. That test site? We got nothing
NOKO nuke site imploded.
They can't build a new one for a long time and their scientists guide too
How can you not win?
Some of the scientist 'died' too.
JC they put enough pancake on last night to cover the ugly. Try taking a pic with your profile with the witch covered.
You’re being played, bitch.
Must not have had Southern mom to speak like that
 WS she a mommy dog?
#Fakenews don't believe that crap...you think they will destroy what they have been building just like that ? Don't be fooled folks....its a lie
His test site collapsed and possibly nuclear fallout and exposure. That's why he'll close that site. And, It's believed he needs funding. He's capitalizing on on his hiatus to get sanctions lifted. Trumps gone easy on Russia, KJU wants the same.
They have no choice....... It's falling apart and leaking radiation ......
So, apparently you got out from under that tree. Hahahaha.
And if you knew anything about history, you'd know how much skepticism to apply.
Time will tell. He has either seen the light and is embracing modernity or he is a very clever lair.
BTW, you are so rude while being interviewed. You never come up for air. When the host tries to fit a word in, you complain that you are being interrupted.  I’ve seen it over and over!
Where is your tree.  And thank you Mother Nature for the earthquake that ruined their site.
Didn't  the mountain collapse?

You mean the one they were already planning to close because it's in shambles, that one right?
drink drano, sewer-rat blonde joke from hell.
Uh huh.
BTW, President Pussygrabber had nothing to do with this.
Tell the Boss that Xi Jinping needs his army to occupy all North Korean nuclear sites immediately. We will figure it out later. How does Kim Jong-un see himself in a unified Korea? Ask him which city he wants his NBA team representing?
So... Is Washington Post fake news or not? You boss says it it so it's confusing when you quote it...
@KellyannePolls You're doing a great job for POTUS @realDonaldJTrump and USA!
I thought you guys looked at WaPo as fake news?
President Trump deserves the Nobel Peace Prize!!!
Have you lost your cotton filled mind. He has pulled this before. Whats your husbands take on all this babe?
They offer good things while your president once again belittles the physically challenged...
