How how moving entire army to the borders how stupid

Fantastic! But she’s not a Democrat, a liberal, part of antifa, so she can be ridiculed, mock, virtually spit on!
     WE know that she is a strong, intelligent, wonderful, woman, wife, Mother, and Very Important Counsel to @realDonaldTrump our @POTUS #GOPStandupandvote 2018
Offering housing & jobs to those coming off of their opioid addiction would greatly improve the long term outcome. Simply providing temporary help with addiction, just to return them to the streets, helps no one. Imports of opioids and their mass distribution needs to be stopped.
Locking up doctors who prescribe drugs not approved for particular uses, along with the drug companies CEOs that give them kickbacks is a start. Opioid replacement therapy is a loser. Methadone didn’t work in the 60s and 70s. Learn from history Congressman or be doomed to repeat
We’d love to hear those details because so far there’s NOTHING

Trump says grab them by the p*$$y
Kellyanne will follow what Trump  says....


what happened to her , why is her neck so long. buy ivanka
Are you referring to Kellyanne Conjob?
Ment for each other a ass and a leaker.
All federally funded programs end up being a total waste of taxpayer dollars, when not properly governed. The temptation to gouge is just simply to great for human beings to handle on their own. Proven time and time again.
Honor and Kellyannne. Find the Mistake. 
You have the right and very capable person with you.
Only a few letters out.  Honor.  Horror.
common science ,Drug dealers ,murder folks .
Kellyanne fascinates me.

You do a magnificent job Kellyanne!God bless you! Keep up the good work for we the people!
Chick is on meth
#KellyAnnConJob at work !
And nothing is being done about the many more people who die from tobacco, a US Government subsidized crop. Why are you not talking about that too? It kills more and affects the cost of health care for all of us.
Hang em high !!!!
Was it LIARS on display day?
Wow, whites always need help to overcome stuff.
Let us not forget the licensed drug pusher, the Pharmaceutical Industry through their AMA dispensaries. Legislate end to drug advertising Targeting consumers & let professional AMA make the decision if a patients diagnosis requires such drugs. Prescription drugs new corner pusher
Did she do demonstrations through her microwave?
Decoy
Best wishes ...
You don’t give two shits about opioid abuse.
She's an _ss!!!!!!!!


To bad Trump has no idea what she’s talking about.  He will find away to undo her statements. 
So are @RxSummit big Pharmaceutical companies, CEO’s on that list for #deathpenalty ???
looking perky
What’s with the psychedelic scenery?
Recap.. 1999-2016 deaths from Drug overdoses 632 331.  Just last year alone 63 000 deaths, 5000 more last year than Vietnam war. You're in midst of chemical warfare. I can't make it more simple and clearer than that 
She likely shared many alternative facts with you, like the Bowling Green Massacre.
So Much For #DNC Power Of Women Celebrating @KellyannePolls Historic Campaign & #WhiteHouse Role! 
Oh, That’s Right #Shattered #Hillary (StandByHer #MeToMan) is Only Feminism For Dems Votes !
This post is advocating for murdering someone. That's pretty messed up.
So tired of these Liberal Idiots that comment. Go away #Liberal #TrumpDerangementSyndrome #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
So you talked about the border wall?
What have you actually accomplished?

you're some kind of special .
She’s knows diddly about squat.

