were these people screened to make sure they were pro-trump? sounded that way.
Probably. He's not known for taking real criticism well.
Are you kidding me???? The comedy Central roast tore him up for a full hour. 60 minutes of things I wouldn't say to my worst enemy. And Trump sat there and took every bit of it. I wouldn't have lasted 10 minutes.
Once you leave his fakeness, he will come up with another lie why he had to tell you that lie.
#LuvMyPresTrump  #PrayersToParklandHighSchool   #SheriffIsraelMustResign  What the heck is going on in this county??    It's corrupt to the core.   Sad that these bastards included a school shooting.  Sic
She’s in the minority obviously. Did he have to check his crib notes to make sure he didn’t offend her or worse —ask her out? 
Now as a person who works with photos I can clearly see that that was photoshopped nice fake image you're being a hypocrite no surprise
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2018/02/what-i-saw-treating-the-victims-from-parkland-should-change-the-debate-on-guns/553937/?utm_source=twb … #NoNRAMoney  #BanAssaultWeapons  #NeverAgain
tRump's got her fooled.
Its a mixed bag of Error, because if you raise the age to 21, in error you'd be punishing the lawful 18s? and then, would the under 21 be considered minors under law too? But back ground check, waiting period, training, licence, perhaps even a "Sponsor" may be a way for a few 18?
I don't hear the right calling them actors.. So strange
What I did not see was anyone say this country has outlawed Jesus, God at every turn and we no longer have a moral base. They still had prayer in school when I was young and I realized there was respect among the adults Respect for others lives is what I learned from that.
I wish to God I could go there. And get heard.
He didn't do the right thing. He didn't do what he said he would do. He lied- again. These kids will be the one to get him voted out, and that will #MAGA
he's looking at the student like he wants to grab her p*ssy. Hope he did not. He is disgusting

These kids are going to have to keep fighting, because Trump is not going to do anything about this issue. He's taken over 21 million dollars from the NRA.
Big MISTAKE designating teachers & school staff to take the role of "Armed Safety Personnel". Only a special kind of person can run into & deal with a situation like that. A license to carry & a gun does not make them the best person for the job. Hire private armed security!!
A suggestion! Add reinforced doors, entrances, classroom doors, library doors, cafeteria doors, and add smoke gas or sleeping in the hallways. Every staff should have a panic button with them during school hours and more security as well.
Who was responsible for the seating arrangement? trump?
This facade. the kids are telling this asshole @realdonaldtrump @potus what a great job he's doing, which seems that they were polled beforehand to allow only those who support him to speak & I ONLY see THREE Black children so far & they are NOT sitting in the front row 
TOTAL BS
She was hand picked, as were most, notice who was sitting right next to BOZO POTUS, The ones offering him praise, Pretty sick,Oh and BOZO VP too,  #NeverAgain , #ParklandStrong , #GunReform ,
Was he really listening
Do u think he is listening or saying to himself: she’s cute. Pass the tic tacs. ??
My thoughts exactly
#ParklandStudentsSpeak #2A #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #WednesdayWisdom #GunLawsNOW #guncontrol #guns #gunsense
None of them unfortunately
Please be direct to Mr. Trump, we need stiffer gun control, no one is challenging the 2nd Amendment, the Mayor Christine Hunschofsky of Parkland Florida, is being clear direct polite and to the point.  A father whom has lost his daughter is speaking out in pain, god bless him
No she's not....
No one is
Remember we will remember what you did at this moment. Nothing.
Too bad she was wrong
Who let a high school girl get that close to this monster? Playing with fire. #PotusTheMolester
Can’t believe abc would show that, letting someone speak highly of our President and show it on national tv
I’m sorry but she confused. This man doesn’t compute “ the right thing”.
Her naive optimism is refreshing.
You are the most perthic President in the history of America.
It's to bad that the "right thing" is not what liberals want, Marjory.
Her confidence is watsed on this man. He bought notes to read from instead of taking notes!
I noticed these kids were emotional where-as the propaganda team media darlings were smug, scowling and angry on camera and laughing, snickering and celebrating off camera
Blaming guns? Blaming the educators seems more likely the root of the issue, why are,so many kids murdering others?  Education system failure? Liberal agenda failure? Teachers are putting blame on guns to deflect away from educators failure. Blaming objects is so intelligent!
@realDonaldTrump listened with an empty head
@MeghanMcCain You are straight out lying about what Trump said re having the teachers carrying guns- @sunny is 100% correct.
Very well spoken young lady.
@realDonaldTrump can't even get through a conversation with these poor kids without a cue card reminding him to say "I hear you."
School boards, and teacher unions oppose allowing trained teachers to carry a gun in school, but say nothing about deacons, and ushers with concealed weapons in church. Are unions playing politics with children's lives?
They will help pass a bill to put armed guards or have training for teachers who wish to carry concealed! They will no longer boast of Schools being gun free zones! If you plan on shooting our children you will be met with extreme prejudice! Our children will no longer be Victims
Even the right thing won’t prevent evil, someone needs to educate these children about evil in the world.  We all wish to live in a world without evil, unfortunately we can only imagine.  Evil is a force or spirit that lives within us, learn what triggers it to kill.
These children have demonstrated more maturity than the #dems and #liberals posting on this treat!!!
DON'T COUNT ON IT YOUNG LADY
Not for schools or kids but for the NRA...
Well she's wrong
Mature, respectful...that’s how it should be.
She has way more faith in this buffoon than I do.
It's amazing looking at the statements by Trump haters. Some of them think Trump just has to issue an executive order and all will be well.
Poor kid has no idea who she’s talking to
No, he will do whatever the NRA tells him to do
I wish that for you but sadly I fear it’s not th case. Continue to stand up and be heard! The world is listening and watching—a mom in Canada
Misplaced confidence
They do know the executive branch doesn't write new laws? Still would have liked to seen trump sign executive order outlawing all guns. Free speech and the rest of the constitution. Then declare martial law. Then arrest the media. Pol pot  style.
Yes putin and the nra will tell him what that is.

@realDonaldTrump   The fix for this  tragedy is not gun control! Mr President.  Train the teachers , arm the security guards. Look to Israel. How do they protect their schools.
If you can fix this problem you’ll go down as the greatest President ever 
Federal funding for school security would be a big help. Gun bans won't be.
That would be a first time, wouldn’t it.
POTUS,  WAY TO GO ... !
Burger nut looks like a deer in the headlight, maybe a huge moose instead
Everyone is starting to see why Trump won the election.  He is so good at this job.  Thumbs up Trump!
Then he walked in on her in the shower
#ForgotHisNotes
Oh look we found the paid actors.
#ArmOurSchools
With her knowledge of trumpO he's going to con them all...
Anybody that is invited to the WH should act appropriately. They don’t have to love him or agree with him but they were mature and spoke eloquently
He already roll back an Obama era on mental illness gun law
Teachers carrying guns or having armed guards is an invitation to more violence. Ban assault rifles and bump stocks. Make penalty for possessing or selling enough to deter them and then put metal detectors in schools and lock doors when students are there. That’s a start
He has zero idea about what the right thing is!
Ass kidding
it was a tragedy. But I thank if these kids get what they want . down road they will be sorry.
Bless her heart. I am confident that he won't.
The gun control issue is not the real issue; the problem lies in how our predecessors handled the safety & welfare of our nation. They appeared to have listened on paper but never acted upon it; remember what they have voted for, 2006 Secure Fence Act. .@realDonaldTrump
Amazing, she took the opportunity & time to speak to the President. Would not be surprised if her concerns are not granted.  Maybe Democrats could learn a lesson, long range conversations do not work.
This is a President that knows what He is doing!!!! Thank you Sir!! @realDonaldTrump
It's not the gun. It's the holder of the gun.
One can only hope but it’s doubtful
He will be the first potus to deal with this problem
@KellyannePolls if I was standing in front of that school armed and someone rushed in to shoot kids, the kids would still be alive #ccw
False confidence.
Gun control will not stop a person with the intent to hurt someone. ..they will use whatever tools they want ...need to work on alleviating hate out of people's heart..and stop
Hate to say it but I'm sure his dirty mind is asking are you 18 yet?
He's doing exactly what I hired him to do
Cruz's is mentally unstable , is he sane enough to stand trial ?
Well I did hear Florida attorney general saying it would be goin for the death penalty , which I kinda thought was a little premature , with such a high profile case ,n not knowing if he was sane or not
I'm confident he won't.
So, what is the right thing? Disarm the people? How will you disarm the criminals? Eliminate the black market for guns? Thank you young lady, be sure to thank the adults that are directing you.
As he thinks of dating her
She has more confidence then I do or the majority of the Americans. I hope I’m wrong but noting in the first 13 months of this corrupt administration has led me to believe anything will come of this.

He won't,  he does nothing , everything is for show , this was an opportunity for him to try and look like he cares
The first step toward getting these students what they so rightly want is to take out you and the garbage you for work.
Nothing but negative shit. Liberals are never happy, either he is doing nothing or doing it wrong. Man all you MF want America to fail. I’m Latino and trust me I know what obama did for us and it wasn’t shit! MAGA!
How can anyone be confident that @realDonaldTrump will ever do the right thing? He is so devoid of empathy, indeed of any human emotion. #ImpeachTrump #MuellerIsComing
Mr. Trump,
Your base is so proud of you. Other leaders would call policy people and experts at the White House to hear from them and make decision. But you are very kind and loving to the point you want to hear from the kids and parents affected. This is amazing, thanks!
Mr. President,  U can't honestly believe that the people who R doing these shootings R law bidding citizens & R going to abide by any gun laws. U're being duped right along with the rest of the people that have been scared by these shootings.  Bad people don't follow any laws.
It was obvious how the 6 #RussianBot influenced students making the rounds on @CNN @MSNBC spouting ultimatums & threats at politicians were NOT part of the discussion. Too bad, they could have been part of the answer rather than throwing tantrums like 10yr olds in the candy isle.
Boy is she wrong

Most people know that Don the con has sold out to the NRA.......so I am doubting he will do anything that is against their wishes.
Of course Mr Trump will do the right thing! We the people elected Mr Trump because he gets the job done. Not the obummer admin any longer.
Yes he will @POTUS !!!
Hope Julia is right... But SADLY feel that INCOMPETENT will disappoint her....
Her naiveté is touching. Where were the outspoken students?
Do these kids have social media account for this cause?  If so I would like to know it so I can share share share!
Of course they do!
That's actually the only world they're aware of.
I am so sorry that she will be disappointed.   The NRA owns Congress - GOP has been bought and paid for and trump won’t do anything to upset his 35%.  Ever.
@realDonaldTrump was lucky that those people were calm, because if it were me, I'd have laid into him with such force that his fake hair would have blown off his head. That asshole won't do the right thing, because it's not in his nature to do the right thing.  Ever.
@KellyannePolls time to focus on school safety. Privatize. Police and FBI not up to job. Not the time to push gun control agenda.

"im confident that you will do the right thing"..Completely oblivious to the fact trump/republicans let this happen by making it easier for mentally ill people to get guns.WTH
Aaaah you poor sweet child. Trump will not do the right thing because the NRA own most of the GOP. You've got more chance of getting gold from a rainbow. #AssaultWeaponsBan #ThoughtsAndPrayersDoNothing
We call B.S.
This young woman is obviously someone who gets it. Not being confrontational. Instead being constructive which many politicians should do as well.
To @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr Must Read article! School Policies, No consequences for crimes.
Well spoken young woman. Very respectful. Thats how you get heard.

Thank You @realDonaldTrump for listening & wanting to make the changes so this doesn’t happen again.
#ParklandStudentsSpeak #2A #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #WednesdayWisdom #GunLawsNOW #guncontrol #guns #gunsense
What ever will be decided upon, unfortunately this will not be the last time we will see this, total contrast from the young woman set up as being angry in the street yelling into a microphone, to how this young lady was talking to the president, getting her point across
Beware sheeple! Warning lights and bells are ringing. The Govt is here to help.
What exactly is she thanking Trump for? Relaxing thevchecks on people with mental illness? He hasn’t done anything constructive YET.
Sorry child, #CadetBoneSpurs never does the right thing, unless he can profit from it
What are you the American people going to do besides bitch on Twitter? You know your States have gun laws as well.
Bless her heart. She is crying out for help. But doesn’t realize she’s talking to a moron.

Kids did great and so well spoken.  Proud of them.
This is just so moving to have a President that really cares. This is an issue I believe he takes to heart because he to has kids and grand kids in schools.
Best to just enforce all current laws dont need new ones, how about hang all criminal like gang bangers and fine all schools, doctors, police dept, family members to check out all trouble makers or get fined for not turning them in
Our children deserve better. @FBI needs to be restructured.  It has failed us.  Almost 40 separate calls to law enforcement, including FBI. 

Do not rely on Federal Gov for local safety.  School Districts need establish security for schools.  DO NOT rely on Feds.   @sethmoulton
The difference in unity and diversity are people on here still bashing! I didn't even think about seating my heart was hurting  so bad for those kids and parents You people will never get my guns God Bless and Have Mercy on Us All!
What age are those who are issued weapons for military duty? What difference does it make?
Here we now see the innocence of youth.
Another Trump TV Advertising show. This guy is only interesting in one thing. MTGA 
How stupid these ppl think we are? How is encouraging teachers to carry guns in school will save anyone?? Not a solution! If a crazy person who decides that day they are willing to die and are willing to kill ppl, what a teacher with a hand gun will do to a AR 15?? Wake up USA!
@TheView 45 wants mental hospitals, says there r none. Lots of hospitals have mental facilities to test/treat mental illness.
They have shut down hundreds of psych facilities.  Do your homework.
It's @ABC..speaks too itself; as do most of the troll responses...
She don’t know him very well do she.

Trump should ban all assault weapons and STOP KILLING STUDENTS!
Unfortunately I don’t believe he was really listening to them.  His goal is to sell more guns and put armed teachers into the schools that is what he wants to do...
Smart girl! I am confident @POTUS will do the right thing too.
Good for her!
And he wants to arm teachers.  Sorry, but my daughter who teaches special ed, will not pack heat.  She calls the local police for her problem children.
Now get an armed guard...while also prosecuting the school for knowing his violent threats and doing nothing
So young and naive...
Oh you poor believer
@TheView It was all a photo op for him, to make America think he cares. Wld love 2 smack that smirk off DeVos' face.
These kids were hand picked by Trump’s staff to say the right things. They told him he was a great leader. They thanked him for everything he’s done. I had to change the channel.
If she means that she hasn't been paying attention.
Poor child...
What an intellgent and articulate young lady. Wise beyond her years understanding that being reasonable and approaching issues through mutual respect are critical success factors in exploring and implementing solutions that will have a positive impact. Very impressive.
For him this is a photo op he could care less about those poor families
"Someday you will read or hear that Billy Graham is dead. Don’t you believe a word of it. I shall be more alive than I am now. I will just have changed my address. I will have gone into the presence of God.” ~ Billy Graham
I’m not
NRA kids hand pick for this clown show
And I'm confident he will do nothing.
As phony as a $3 bill. Sickening.
Our President is being proactive and this forum had actual victims (yes, they lost children) offering a variety of solutions they think might help. Our President not only listened, but he is being proactive.
Julia, your confidence is greatly misplaced, I’m sorry to say.
