She loved you ALL just as much.
here is what she thinks of your boss
You go Barbara
May you learn from her example!
You mean to not fight back like the. Bushes did when unfairly attacked ??? Not this lady !!! The media and the wacky libs have met their match !! KAG 2020!! 
English please?!
A very wise woman 

#BarbaraBush
Very very wise 

#BarbaraBush on #Trump
Incredibly wise woman 

#BarbaraBush on #Trump
You should aspire to such grace and integrity.
Maybe you should too..
God she hated Trump.  Smart lady!
I bet you hater the Bushes when they were president!! It didn’t make you right then either !!! KAG 2020
Tiberiu... I was a Republican back when GOP actually stood for something, and probably longer than you have been alive. Unlike today's #assanineGOP
Ye, with no followers...
What did the GOP stand for that is different than what Trump is going !! Recently the establishment Republicans only promised, but not delivered !! As far as followers, I just started using Twitter and am not looking for followers !!
Maybe you need to educate yourself before you ...tweet..
Night night !!
Take a lesson.
You will have the complete opposite legacy. Sleep well.
She possessed qualities (honesty, integrity, respect) you will never be capable of.
Kellyanne is a strong woman that we need representing a great president!!!
Really?? The one she is representing now or before?
What do you think  !! Of course now!  She came around and, for the good of the country, got on board!! Kudos to Trump for overlooking her past opposition and hire her!!
She came around for the money that came with the job. Don't be obtuse.
She’s Worth every penny !! Everybody loves money, look at the Clintons who sold uranium to the Russians !!
Don’t forget that @realDonaldTrump referred to her as “Mommy” during a debate while trying to ridicule @JebBush
Yes. Their condolences mean nothing and she needs to crawl back into her hole. The entire circus that is called the White House should keep their prayers for themselves. They’re going to need some help.
My tweet was actually directed at him, @FLOTUS has since sent out her own statement, attributed to only her.
I agree. Barbara Bush was a patriot and everything that Donald Trump is not.
I’m pretty sure that you’re not in a position to ask God for anything, Kellyanne.
Let her legacy of class persuade you to grow up!

Classic Barbara Bush… I just saw a reporter ask her question during 2016… What do you think of Donald Trump? Her answer was “I don’t, I wish he would just go away“ RIP
You women in the White House now will be but s blip along the bottom of the TV screen when the time comes. Barbara Bush is loved by everybody, across all parties....she hated Trump for the way he conducted himself during the campaign.
She hated your administration
It’s too bad you all must disgrace her memory with your very presence.
She couldn’t stand the man you work and lie for every day.
Fantastic lady who thought your boss was the biggest disgrace to the oval office in American history. She was wonderful.
You probably should have told your boss not to be so cruel and mean to her son.
Ok thanks kellywise

Seems so cheap coming from you.
Doesn't it!
You should try and be like her....HONEST!
She’s crossed the line no redemption for her. She will go down in history as one of the worlds most dispicable humans.
You insult the entire family and have the nerve to send condolences. When have you ever said anything nice about the Bush family?!?
Don't sully her memory by speaking her name. You and your kind stand against every that #BarbaraBush stood for.
Barbara Bush said she couldn't understand why any woman would support Trump. 
I agree with her. She was a wise and wonderful woman.
Trust me Barbara hears nothing from fake alternative facts POS, wizard of OZ wicked witch of the Fake WH ! Go Mueller Tic Toc Fake Administration #fakeAdm
She was a great lady something you have no idea how to be.
She didn’t like you.
And she never lied on national tv.
Everything you're against.
Hey Kell, have you received your subpoena yet?
Is that the same Barbara Bush that despises Trump?

A grand First Lady. God has her in his embrace. 
Seriously? We do know how you and your dirty Admin treated the Bush family.
You have no soul.
RIP Barbara, you will be missed.
The last Honorable Republican
You don't have enough class to even speak her name !!!!!
MRS. BUSH WAS AND WILL ALWAYS BE THE VERY BEST OF THE BEST FIRST LADY'S.....She and 
MRS OBAMA........
.@KellyannePolls You do know #BarbaraBush did not like #DonaldTrump right? #trumpdumpcare #Resistance #Emma4Change #FBR
Admirable. But your boss ran on destroying the Bush family. And... Mrs. Bush detested him.
Yes so that makes her what, an alternative hypocrite in her world?
My favorite first lady. I wish all mothers could be like her. A wonderful lady who had her priorities straight. A sad loss indeed.
Don’t you wish you had Barbara Bush’s ethics?
Including Jeb. The son the campaign mocked mercilessly.  If so...that would need to include an apology.
Did you even know her??? She did not like Trump!!
It’s a shame that the current occupant of the WH can’t match the class of the Bush family. You have contributed to making this once great country a cesspool
If only you had the same type of soul.
A lovely kind woman and a great FLOTUS. We will miss her . Condolences to her family 
I send my condolences to former presidents Bush and the rest of her family for this difficult moment.
You lie so much even God wouldn't want anything to do with you
She had Class.
Unlike you and your Boss.
You represent the opposite of what BPB represented.  She was intelligent and knew how to use her influence in a timely and intelligent manner in order to influence change.  Your blah, blah, blah flauntism would’ve been reprehensible to her,any woman with class and intelligence.
Kellyanne, your beloved boss ridiculed her and if he asked you to tweet your condolences to the First Lady Barbara Bush, roll your eyes again.
I’d think she wasn’t a fan of you.
She hated your boss and I'm sure hated you by proxy.  Smart lady!
Waiting for a completely inappropriate comment from the left.
Well you don’t have to wait long. Their lack of tact came out full force.
She would have slapped you silly you Morales douche
Progressive Liberals like yourself continue to demonstrate your intolerance to free speech!
Asd hole
You’re so stupid that you even retweeted it
What's a Asd hole? 
You forgot smart. "What woman would vote for him". Barbara Bush on Trump.
Donald J Trump & Kellyanne Conway get to rant & rave about McCabes wife accepting donation from Clinton Campaign but Kellyanne upset being asked about husbands negative tweets towards Donald?
“How could any woman vote for Trump?”  Barbara Bush 2016
Did she die
Classy
You disgrace her life by even speaking her name. Don’t you have a cauldron to attend to?

God Bless her and her family in this difficult time.  
She despised you. Like everyone else.
Liars like you have no right to even say her name!
Says Cruella DeVille, I'm guessing she despised you. She was a good person with honor..... you, well..... where are those dalmations?
SHUT UP BIT*H
She was everything you are not.
She was a class act, Kellyanne. That's something you have in common
Lol what
She had MORE CLASS in her little finger than the ENTIRE! #TrumpCrimeFamily !
You did like her ?? She also had more class than that traitor Obama and his pot smoking daughters !!
F Off Bot!
I don’t use twitter much !! I also don’t count having lots of followers with being a winner  !! Look at your weak president Obama who helped North Korea  and Iran get the bomb  !! You know what they do to fags like you over there !???! LMFAO!!!
How disingenuous. Heartbreaking.
Why and how is it disingenuous? It's a lot better than some recently have said....*cough Randa Jarrar cough*
RIP dear Mrs. Bush. Condolences to the family
An honest woman who unlike you lived a life of class and dignity.  She would never sell her soul to an Orange Demon
You keep confusing us Europeans, I thought you were against the Bush family, I know his Royal madness is and you defend all he says
Barbara Bush couldn't stand Trump or his vile administration.
Sometimes its best not to say anything at all this would be one for you, we just lost a former first lady of the united states show some respect
She didn’t like POTUS.
Just caught your act on CNN.  Please don't act all pro-woman.  you have advocated for women batting their eyelashes to get ahead, Trump has LIED over 2,000 times as president, you are a proven liar Ms. Alternative Facts,
Kellyane is being paid 192K/yr by our tax dollars.


RIP.
On a personal scale, Barbara was a 10. Vibrant, funny, honest, respected, smart.....You on the other hand are a minus 10. Hateful, mean spirited, rude, manipulative liar, and certainly not respected. There’s no way you live to 92 years old....
And she couldn’t stand Trump.  Yup, she was pure class.
And a model of self discipline, discretion, dignity, and marital loyalty, all of which are sorely missing from the White House you serve.
Go crawl back into your crypt.

Remembering this Barbara Bush moment: “I don’t know how women can vote for someone who said what [Trump] said about Megyn Kelly. It’s terrible...And money doesn’t buy everything. It’s accomplishments and what…
Amen! “Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.”
What a great lady. It’s disgusting to see how hateful people are.
Really?  Nice try at being human.
It's Barbara Crowley Bush. Thank you.
She'd spit in your liehole.
You’re little more than a professional complainer. You don’t bring substance, credibility or anything close to verifiable facts to an interview. And I had to post this here bc you feed is full of other ppls opinions.  Making my point.
Yes and a great lady who stated she couldn’t understand why any woman would  vote for Trump. Rest In Peace Mrs. Bush.
Just stop.
A great lady. And a even better lady for seeing right though you evil people in the current administration.
You’re a key part of administration that is dismantling everything she believed in.
She couldn't stand you 
Funny you mention souls considering you have none.
Your friend Roger Stone said Barbara Bush was, "a vindictive drunk". Those are the words of you friend, Roger Stone.
Rumor has it things are not going well at home. Our condolences to you and your husband for you having lost your integrity and as you come to terms with the example you display to your children.
You forgot- a woman who detested your boss.
Yes
saw you melt down on CNN this morning.  Didn’t think it was possible for you to be LESS credible but then you turn up on tv in a bad wig and show us just what a fraud you are ...

Andrew McCabe wife!!!
Trump went after her...

You look sad kellyanne, and sick
I think you need help...
Just listened to you on CNN. You didn’t come off so well. Bad reflection on the president.
Can you please inform your boss
Condoleances to Bush family! Barbara was a wonderful First Lady.
America would be better off today had SHE held those 12 years in the Oval Office...
You have no #soul but then neither do any of us. 

#OneLife
Pop quiz - what year did Mrs. Bush pass? 

2018
2017
2016

Someone in your office couldn’t get that right???
Trump’s acknowledgment that the investigation into his campaign motivated his decision 2  Comey seemed to amount to an obstruction of justice.  Speaking 2 journalist Lester Holt remains the most recent one he’s done w/non-Fox News TV journalist
Here is what you and your bosses best buddy had to say
Old news @KellyannePolls She died last year, @WhiteHouse statement said so. Yawn
Please make a correction to “alternative” year - 2017.
RIP  Barbara Bush   You were a Beautiful , Godly Woman  !!!  who Really Cared about Others !!!   Hope To See You In Heaven  God Bless You and Yours 

https://www.cbsnews.com/video/barbara-bush-i-dont-know-how-women-can-vote-for-donald-trump/ … #BarbaraBush @realDonaldTrump
The Bush family is disgusted by the current administration.  Barbara Bush represented what is right in the world.  This administration, including you, represent the worst of this country.
Well someone is high tonight
She even recognized how horrible @realDonaldTrump is for the GOP and even worse for America! She was very wise!
Least ye all forget #BarbaraBush was a proponent for #PlannedParenthood #truth
A patriot, indeed--everything you are not.
The #MoronInChief is so narcissistic and consumed with his own problems to make an effort.  He got the DATE wrong on the press release.  What an ass!  #UnfitToServe  #incompetent  #ShitholeDon
The bush family has some grace and class. Too bad 45 has turned the Republican Party into the porn star loving shit show it is today. Congrats on keeping it all in the gutter kelleyann
She didn’t like Dotard so she’s even more fantastic in my book. 
She thought your president was garbage. Smart lady.
Our prayers and condolences to the Bush Family, a grand great Lady is gone.
AGreat Lady.  Has the Donald heard this sad news? Haven’t heard a word from him
Would you please fix the official statement from the White House, about Mrs. Bush’s passing. It is dated 2017. Very unprofessional and an embarrassment.
A sorrowful day for our nation. Mrs Bush was a classy lady and a wonderful first lady. She always struck me as being composed, in control of herself, and a steady force for good. She also gave me the impression that she was the strength of the Bush household and presidency.
Well we definitely know she’s in a better place and a different place than you will go after you pass
So sad she was a Great Lady
She would have been kind to you, even though you are a horrible woman with not an ounce of her grace, morals, ethics and kindness.
They don't  want spanky anywhere near them, respect their wishes. Keep the sexual predator away from the bush family.
One great FLOTUS wife and mother.   A woman who lead and taught by example.  Condolences to the Bush Family
She was smart and she voted for HRC.
She respected All ppl unlike this current White White house
She was a very classy FLOUS ; mother of our POTUS; We the people appreciate and will be missing her. May she RIP.
Your boss never called them patriots. He held them in contempt. Of course he doesn’t have a clue what a patriot is.
Add the word class. Study her life and seek to come close to emulating her. It would do you well.
You still look like the crypt keeper.
I’m sure she was mortified by you and everyone you work for.
She hated your boss
Barbara Bush on Trump “I don’t know how women could vote for someone who said what he said about Megyn Kelly”. She was a tough lady RIP.
Get her name out of your mouth.
Hypocrite
That would almost sound sincere if you didn't lie so vigorously on behalf of Bush family nemesis Donald Trump, and if your values weren't so fundamentally different to Barbara Bush's.
You should not say any thing ! She loathed your way of politics ! And that you had anything to do with putting that vile thing in office ! Go away !
She knew exactly what you were Madam
She was a patriot, wasn’t she? That must be why she hated Trump and spoke out against him. @POTUS
You #corrupt Trump people aren't worthy to kiss her feet.
It’s a shame that are those spewing hate to Kellyanne I don’t see Mrs. bush approving of y’all hate.
Only time I've agreed with you.
Keeping the family in my prayers. She was so beautiful in her spirit as well as in her looks. Welcome home sweet Lady.
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
Dignified lady ! Maternal warm and gentle ! God rest her !
Are you serious Kellyanne??   The Bush family is as corrupt as the Clinton's and have committed serious crimes like #treason, genocide, arming terrorists, drug trafficking, sex trafficking, child rape, torture, false flags, assassinations, etc..  Are you all here on planet earth?
Until proven in court what else can be said?
She should NEVER have given ANY respect to these demons.  
It makes me question her.  I think she needs to get her facts in order.  
Now as far as the courts goes, so many people have died tried to expose them.  There is much fear.  My father personally knew G HW Bush..

That is your response?   Obviously you have no clue what is really happening and you send me this BS.   Ridiculous.
Christian,  faithful and a roll model.
A California roll, a tootsie roll? What kind of roll you bot?
Funny. You'd think the bots eventually would figure out English.
Bot
Oops, I said “entire” twice! Ten lashes with a wet noodle for me!
Rest assured that Mrs. Bush would never work for DT. She was disgusted by him.


WTF were you doing??
She hated trump and thought he is disgusting.  
Will donny be going to the funeral?
You have finally said something that not only makes sense, but I can actually agree with it!  I'm just surprised that you can recognize that she was a great lady.  I'm not convinced you've ever met one before.
Pray to your God to save your soul.  Dancing with the devil you are.  It will catch up with you dear.
She was surely repulsed by you.
How odd for a woman like you who seeks to destroy, lie  and mislead this country  would even give nod to Barbara Bush who embraced this nation with honor, truth and strength. Take note Kellyanne.
Especially since this is the garbage we have to tolerate now.
Not an ounce of sincerity. Sorry. Not feeling it. Barbara Bush was a woman of integrity. Look in the mirror tonight.
Thank God . Ultimately a Bitch who gave Birth to VAMPIRES & WILD MAN EATER  "BUSH' Dies.  She gave Birth to "Bushes" who massacared millions of innocent #Muslims in different countries.

Go away.
You first.
I'm curious ... Do you think you could get anymore hashtags in your bio. Like maybe 5 or 6 more - I don't think you have enough  "No Porn" Really ? LOL       BTW   Kellyanne Conway isn't fit to speak Barbara Bush's name. Simple as that.


They hate you, everything you stand for and so do we.
You don’t speak for “we”. You can speak for YOU. And we love Kelly Anne!
We are the majority.  Don’t forget it. Republicans haven’t won the popular vote since 2004. Wake up.
Well, counting legal votes by actual living people, I’d argue we probably DO win the popular vote. But you won’t grasp that because you’re, well, liberal, so I’ll just say suck it you lost and a large majority of people love Kelly Anne.


Ahh. I love those polls. The ones that said Hillary was going to win hands-down. It was beautiful watching the stunned liberal crybabies watch in disbelief. Ahhh, great memories. Thank you for the smile.  Have a beautiful, blessed day & good luck with your resistance!
She would shut your skank ass down in two seconds.
drop dead twice.
Glad the Donald did obey her wishes and played golf
Very nice
