Tomorrow morning on @foxandfriends at 8:20 am ET I’ll be discussing my BRCA 2 genetic mutation & my decision to move forward with a double mastectomy on May 1st.  Thank you to the women who have shared their personal journeys with me over the last day. You are my inspiration!!!
Thank you, Kellyanne!  Keep up the great work for our country.  So proud of this administration.

And Obamacare makes her tests and surgery possible.
As a breast cancer survivor I find you tweeting about this highly offensive. You’ve done more to help destroy healthcare in this country supporting the evil regime. #shameonyou
God’s blessings Kayleigh
How  about discussing HEALTHCARE millions of  people wouldn't have to die if they had healthcare and early detection
1) @Kayleigh, I just heard about a chair for ppl going through this. I am a 2x breast cancer survivor. I ended up with herniated 
2) discs bc getting up & down is hard after surg. Look into this chair. It’s like a reclining chair. I’ll see what I can find out 4U. P M me any time. If U need 2 talk, I’m here! Wish U the BEST! Stay tough!
3)

Didn’t the House GOP health plan consider the BRCA a preexisting condition?!
No
It did.
You’re supposed to be under some layer of toxic Jersey river sludge re-energizing this time of night.
"We're now going to talk about other people's spouses...?"
- @kellyannepolls , pro liar/hypocrite, to @DanaBashCNN , great reporter, 4/22/18

Just remember this government won't pay for your mammograms or surgery. But good luck from KellyAnne
Kellyane why does your husband think Trump is so bad and you think he is so good?

Don't pretend you believe in God.
We in Europe shiver by the thought of controlled propaganda press like @FoxNews Please read what happened about 70-80 years ago in and around Germany and more recent in North Korea.
Lmaoooo Kellyanne Con  way
Keep the faith and God bless Kayleigh! 
Who cares get your broom n fly away! Let Donnie talk again that’s funnier listening to him, so unhinged as last Thursday!
@TomiLahren

The topic is Amazon
Alex jones is covering it 
Potus Trump is on it
I did my part too at Amazon fb & @bezos

*this is where Tomi Comes in:
Create a Coalition with kellyanne of Companies that are for a Infrastructure plan. Create a strong list. 
You do it. Thanks. 
I'm not getting how you are concerned in this matter. 
Please articulate.
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
Bless your heart , we will pray
Kayleigh, after meeting you in STL at the debate, I felt your close spiritual ties.  I admire and applaud your courage. Your spiritual connection will continue to nurture you, along with your fans. God Speed.




Oh wait so now do you Believe in science nnthe right to choose ??? Cause thoughts n prayers won’t do it ???
May God and ObamaCare heal you. Is this considered pre existing?
Good thing that you have healthcare, after taking it away from millions of working Americans.
Jesus doesn't like liars...
Conway is a genetic mishap.
I'll give you this one Kellyanne.
When are you people going to accept there is no God........of any kind
Your face looks like a foot

Say it as it is Breast cancer. I DON'T THINK YOU UNDERSTAND conway! ! Just stop with your shit
What the hell gives you the right

@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @PressSec @seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @foxandfriends @FoxNews 

AVENATTI FOR REAL PRESIDENT!!!!!!!
Trump is guilty of:

Obstruction of Justice, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion, Obstruction of Justice, Collusion!!!!!!


What do you know about God, phony?
Hi Kelly Ann,  shhhhhhhh i think we won?????  !!!!!!!
Is a mastectomy the answer? Cut out the cancer.
We men LOVE Boobies. But we love the women they’re on more.
Breaks down our Democracy every single day with lies, passes out conspiracy theories like candy ...Your Post Truth press is very Pre Fascist assault on Enlightment
God bless
Kellyann are you talking.Stop please
But didn't the administration vote to take insurance away from people? Especially those with pre existing conditions?
What average unpaid people think of you.  And your husband is right about you.

Prayers and now universal healthcare will be on your agenda too
Must be nice to have health insurance so you can deal with that.

Employer giving you time off too?
So she’ll be discussing you, a living genetic mutation.
We need affordable healthcare. Education doesn’t help if we don’t have solutions.
You know what helps others? Health insurance. You know how many fewer people are insured because of your administration? 3.2 million.
Bless you Kayleigh 
Take a walk in a forest please
Kelly CON
Was glad to see wolf kick your ass at the dinner. And that is not an alternative fact.
WOW
Ok than. That means what to whom???
Intelligence & beauty.
Especially those with no health coverage #Obamacare

I heard that Trump watches porn ladies peeing. How is he doing now?
You that cast stones   she'll be judged  by  your  own  judgment
Thanksfully science is there to help people. Your God seems to enjoy torturing people.
If there is anyone that need not wake up is you.  You closed minded individual.
It's unlikely the choice I would make, or support, but I wish her well. Tough thing.

Kelleyanne, you & Sarah sent an example in ladylike restraint!  God bless you too
Hey, @KellyannePolls, tell @potus to TAKE CARE OF THE #CARAVAN AT THE BORDER!!! Stop bragging about the MI Rally and turn your attn to more important things right now. 
@FoxNews @TGowdySC @AnnCoulter @seanhannity @MarkDice @VPMikePence
Godd@MN it was great to see Michelle Wolf roast your pathetic, alternative-truth arse at the correspondents dinner.  It warmed the cockles of my heart to see you so justly belittled.
Please be sure to  wear Smokylies Eyeshadow by CoverupGirl. Ask Sanders for some if you run out.
How is that.
Kayleigh take God with you & you will be ok he knows & I will say a prayer for you!
Great for Kayleigh. What about all the other people who have lost or can't afford health insurance?
Thoughts and prayers go out to you!!
Many prayers flowing your way!
You are a cnn hardened scrapper.. You will be fine.
Grandma and mom both went thru this, mom was the only one nutty enough to go shopping on the way home! I'm not sure how she did it but she convinced my sister she needed stuff and they were went! That lady can make a fireing squad laugh and put herself in stiches too! Good Luck
Kayleigh, You maybe wrong. Has any evidence that defective genes can be shut down using diet,
exercise, and supplements. What percentage does not cancer.
God bless you Kellyanne!  You are great!
Not a believer in removing body parts becuz science says it could.... science has given this option tho.  What about men and testicular cancer? Best wishes in your journey.
Does I insurance pay for this operation ?
I’d be too worried about finding a preexisting condition that would therefore not be covered as the affordable care act’s provisions get wiped away. Scary.
#skank
#FreakLiberalMeltDown. 
Go home #botboy
#botalert
Why don’t you lie about it to educate people? That’s what you do every time you protect Trump? Isn’t that working for you?
Honest question for Ms Conway, when was the last time you ever said something true ?
What has she lied about?  Be specific.

Well you really need to be educated.
Now you're a medical professional...endless vapidity
Grow up ffs

Do you still want to #BuildTheWall? - What an embarrassment. Illegals are breaking into the country with impunity. DHS Secretary Nielsen should resign. #StopTheCaravan
Wish you didn’t  have to do this honey and my blessings and prayers are with you.  All is well and everything will turn out just fine. 
God bless her? Sounds like a curse. Thoughts and prayers though, seriously.


blah blah blah BLAH!!!!!
Classy.
Delete your account

Ew.
Your job is not impacting your grace and beauty.
Love and prayers for you.
oh meow.
