Love and respect for you @KellyannePolls

I see they are on the same diet as trump!
So you loved the #WHCADinner
This is WHCD "COMEDIAN" Michelle Wolf ... ? 

LMAO :)
Lmao wow someone got their feelings hurt!
Kind of like when you cry whenever someone says anything negative about @realDonaldTrump
Her pie  hole is big 
I find your lies and propaganda disagreeable.
Shania Twain doesn't impress me at all. She is just like the rest of the entertainment industry....PHONEY!! Go back to Switzerland or Canada!
You loved her when was praising Trump...
If that's the case....then I have changed my mind. Just like Shania.
No need to apologize we will always love you 
no we won't. just threw out her CD's.
Get over it !
Kellyanne cherry picking again. Let’s get the opinion of the majority of Americans, nah she isn’t interested in the truth.
I’m sure you gave similar support to the #dixiechicks during the GW Bush presidency.
Last fall when the CMA's were taking potshots at Trump, I knew we were in trouble if country music people aren't even onboard
Kelly there is this tree, a tree in the woods. Go slither under it
You're an intelligent woman. You're a mom. Why do support that man on the Oval Office? Is the money worth it? I've made fun of you on numerous occasions, but for the record, you looked fantastic last night---extremely elegant. It's never too late to change, Kellyanne.
"Got to provide a platform for Kellyanne to lie".....Priceless .....
@seanhannity telling you what to post... Tsk tsk tsk

GFY, grifter.
LIAR!
#TrumpRallyMichigan #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2020 #TrumpTrain #TeamTrumpPA
God Bless you @PressSec for your intelligence & grace in handling the non-sense you were forced to endure at the #WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner. #WeThePeople see what is happening #FakeNews & WHY we SUPPORT…

I thought Sunday’s was for your family
I see you clawed your way out from underneath that tree.
Yeah pretty disappointed in @ShaniaTwain cowarding to the bullies.  Not much of a role model for our kids, especially our young women.
Well, they have Melania as a role model. Pose nude; marry a rich old man for his money.
Whose they? Where did I say she was a role model? Just think people should stand up for what they believe and not let others control them.
Read your last post.
Said Shania wasn’t a role model. Where did I say anyone else was.  Oh yeah I didn’t. Have a good day.
Go get stuck under a tree (Michelle Wolf) Kellyanne CONNNN-WAAAAY
Shania Twain doesn't know what she wants.
To be a patriot or a snowflake?
I taught all my children apology without penitence won’t get you forgiveness
What a coward @ShaniaTwain    Most of your fans are probably Trump supporters and yet you bend to opposition from those who aren't even fans.
What about those who unapologetically break our laws? How’s that Hatch Act violation going? Must be nice to work for an administration that doesn’t find ethical behavior of any importance.
she has great Canadian values and would never vote for a man like Trump.
After what you said about the Dixie Chicks, Kellyanne, you have no credibility.
Find your tree yet
Shania Twain eloquently express what many Americans were felling about Trump. And Trump has now proved they were right!
What are you doing about opioids reportedly flowing freely at the WH Kellyanne?  I thought you were tasked with fighting opioids not hiding the fact the WH doctor passes them out without prescription? Care to comment, lie about it more or for once tell the truth?
That is the wrong attitude to have when you're @POTUS team leader. Work in the best interest of his team accept apologies & invite to meet for a better understanding of American citizen's need work bipartisan or we will be 2 seperate Americas revolving around political parties.
Kellyanne it over and done move on you guys live to must the pass
Hey Kellyanne, don't think of Michelle Wolf's performance as jokes, think of them as alternative facts.
No matter how hard you betray your gender, we will not be silent, or silenced. You're an embarrassment to women @KellyannePolls , and honor can never be achieved by you.
I think leave Shania in the cold she could revert at 2020 #Trump conservatives have a long memory she’s not a plus either way she’s thinking music sales
Just cancel all press briefings for a year or so! Time to educate the ill mannered
You people are trash and deserve the derision you get.
Shania should not have had to apologize for having an opinion. Sorry the mob brainwashed and bullied her into thinking she had to apologize for really what was just a compliment to our president And I half the country who voted for him.

At least everyone got to say "that don't impress me much" over and over....
Why are so many Canadians butthurt over our president? Whoever we elect is our business not theirs
Interesting analogy but when the US was headed into the gutter for the last decade there wasn’t a peep from a single Canuck, the citizens say enough this has to be fixed and now they’re upset??
KELLYANNE IS A LIAR
What did she lie about ?
Um... maybe everything you’ve heard come out of her deplorable mouth
Absolutely. You think Trump a Demigod. We think Trump's the Antichrist.
When you support a man who has multiple affairs and that goes back to the early 80s on several of his wives, who feels its ok to grab them by the pussy and have women piss on you then yes I have an issue with anyone who supports a man of zero integrity and respect
Sad, doesn’t have the courage or conviction to stick by what she says! I guess the $$$ is moral compass
Anyone can change their opioion. We grow and we learn. I am a fan of her music and lyrics as they are empowering. If you cannot listen and have no ear, you are useless. BIG thumbs up for a person who has guts :)
Such a shame that she apologized.
Pretty sure no one gives a fuck
Should never apologize for your beliefs!
Um. Kellyanne, that literally describes you and your boss.
Yup... stopped following @ShaniaTwain after that snowflake move. That and the inappropriate costuming 
We know ppl in trumpets world, you aren't allowed to speak your minds or have opinions or you are criticized and punished for it. We here in the rest of the world say *Fuck that* HA!
Why would you ever apologize for something you believe in? Sad!!!
F u
Don't you ever get nausea from all the spinning you do?
Funny thing is that people just REALLY don't like fascism or the people who support or enable it.

Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
Very similar to what you do. Please ask your husband to tweet more of his thoughts on Trump. Your hubby is fantastic. I'm glad you haven't pulled him down into the swamp waters with you.
God bless anyone that takes an position and sticks with it. God bless anyone who is bullied into abandoning a position. God bless anyone that evolves to take a new position.
Ya well she did not .. and the sad part is America thinks just cause your funny and direct you are honest. Trump is not honest. That has been proven and part of the evidence is facts! 2500 documented lies. Trump is a corrupt ball face LIAR! 
Tick tock tick tock time is running out...

Did you ever stay in Moscow?
You are disgusting.
Enjoy living as a pariah in post trump America. I kind of feel sorry for your husband, but then I remember that he married you and I get over it quickly
I find lying, enabling racists, and enacting policies that harm minorities disagreeable.
@ShaniaTwain Shania spoke the truth! She made perfect sense! Its sad that she was forced to apologize! Which in turn forced her to lie about it
Do you disagree with any of these?

Yup . #MAGA
Things I find disagreeable: The Chipotle burrito I ate last night, the haze of cigar smoke emanating from my neighbor’s apartment, wearing an evening dress and fur coat at dawn in the W. VA woods.
Things I find deeply offensive, to the core of my being: You and the virulently racist, anti-democratic (small “d”!), treasonous, anti-rule of law gang of thieves for whom you shill. Your kids will soon learn to despise you for the permanent stain you’ve attached to their names.
Liberals, like Oprah Winfrey can go on television and do an interview in which she declares that older white people from the south should die....  where’s the outcry about that?
Karen where did you get this info ? Fox News or some other fake news outlet ., You’re delusional !
if i am delusional, please pay no time and energy to read my posts.
Fix your face
Fix yours!
#uglytwatwaffle
This applies to you as well.
Trash day, you opened your mouth.
I love you even more now Shania.
Thanks for this informative tweet Kellyanne Conjob!
Breaks down our Democracy every single day with lies, passes out conspiracy theories like candy ...Your Post Truth press is very Pre Fascist assault on Enlightment
Once again a star can't afford to speak her mind. Must appease the DEMOCRATS or face repercussions of her career. Lost all respect for her..
Kellyanne, you have apologizing to do,
I am a Canadian and I am thankfully every day that the American people finally woke up and elected Donald Trump President. Is he perfect he'll no but at least he is patriotic for his country and not a dispicible traitor as are both the Clintons and the Obamas.
Not only that, he opens his mouth and you just think boor. I don't know who raised the man but he's obviously only partially domesticated. It may not totally be his fault but he is truly an embarrassment to this country.
It is just amazing that more people in the world can not sense someone who is a BS-er. To me, if you just listened to Donald Trump from the time he came on the national scene as a business guy in NYC years ago you could tell he was a BS-er. Not trustworthy.
People are entitled to their opinions. If Ms Twain, up to her to stand firm in her beliefs. Those who disagreed with her were entitled to. The trump idiots are the ones who can’t take criticism. @realDonaldTrump is a prime example, with you & suckerbee sanders coming a clause 2nd
Shania we used to live you. Now you can just suck it.
A) music & Hollywood often get in trouble voicing political opinions - stating, or apologizing. ...it’s called free publicity. Nothing to see here.
B) Ms Twain no longer lives in the US. Interviewing her means nothing.  Nothing to see here...
BBC must have been hard up for news.
Contrast @ShaniaTwain timidity with @kanyewest courage to standby his opinion

She is Canadian and already a multi-millionaire, why does she feel to by popular among the #fakenews and elites?

White liberals are the worst. They are panderers and are about subjugating people
Seriously! Stop confirming to the mob!!!
Shameful that her initial and inherent beliefs failed her in the end
Stand up for your beliefs Shania. Don’t be bullied.
Ridiculous....She lost me at “I would like to apologize...”
She's nothing more than a coward like Chance the rapper is,, these entertainment people have to stay in their boxes controlled by left wing politicians and the left wing media for fear of being bullied and shamed, by left.


This is news? She Canadian and her career has been long gone.

There is nothing to apologize for! The Komies should respect her right to free speech!
That unfortunate.

 you people really are either ridiculously lacking in self awareness or just cynical as hell.

Considering what happened during last night's White House Correspondents Dinner, should they be considered as a hate group?
She displayed her true colors... whatever THEY want THEY get. She is desperately trying to be relevant as an artist again and caved under the slightest pressure. She could learn a thing or two from Kellyanne and Sarah.
I don't know why Shani Twain apologize to orange arungutan for , cause he don't apologise for nothing and get away with all his filt and dirt,he needs to loose his weight
On another note, I want you to know I was appalled at the vicious attack thrust on you and Sarah at the Correspondents dinner.  It was cruel.  Both of you held your dignity in tack and I applaud you both. Granted, I am not your biggest fan, but you certainly deserved better.
She's a Canuck for God's sake. What the hell is she doing making an opinion on our politics at all? In the immortal words of Laura Ingrham:
Shit up and sing.
Uh - that's "Shut up & sing"
My bad... 
Sad that the Thought Police intimidates the weak. MAGA!!
Do you have the Pundette Blues ? Remember when you tried to sing that ditty ? You're funnier as Counselor to the President and as a Opiod Czar than you ever were as a comedian
When is the sexual predator going to apologize to that reporter with a disability?
Who cares .. she can’t vote !
I wouldn’t give 2 Fucks if I insulted president shithead, also I wouldn’t apologize for anything said about President Shithead still waiting for that heart attack though
Has-been afraid to offend has offended me and mine!
If you can't stand behind your remarks why say them in the first place? I would never back down from publicly stating I would vote for anyone because of peer pressure from an opposition group.
No one gives a rat's ass about what you have to say or think.
But why?
Trump can:

- Call Chuck Todd "sleepy eyed" (anti-Semitic)

- Call Elizabeth Warren "Pocahontas"

- Grab women by their vaginas without permission.

4:20 PM - 29 Apr 2018
And we are not impressed with your daily whining

She should be able to make a comment "without the children thtowing a tantrum"!!
I find the need to apologise disgusting and patrionizing. Should have let comment stand and ignore trouble makers...apology just turned me off. Stand by what you say or don't say!
Just ask Hitler! @noapologies
So quick to defend foreigners opinion/involvement in our elections?  Old habit by now I guess......
This is simple - she's spineless and like, The End.
Apology for saying doesn’t mean she changed how she feels 
I guess we all give in to pressure.

Michelle Wolf's DAUGHTER ... :)
Michelle Wolf Daughter Known as Woahh Vicky on social media was not invited to the #WHCD 
She should not have
She apologized and still criticized @ShaniaTwain you should have never apologized the libitards!!!
@ShaniaTwain really disappointed you apologized. Thought you had more backbone.
Too little too late I have already trashed all your music !!! Apology not accepted!!
Bet 90% of Americans have no clue what are highlights the Obama deal with Iran?     List point by point of Obama’s plan on front page of headlines.  Tell America.
Or will it remain secret hidden from citizens??  Msm cover up.  P.S where did the 210 billion come from given to iran
Shania just gave “alternative facts” she didn’t really disagree ...
I love Smerconish....not so much you Kellyanne
Too weak! Be a dragon like Kanye... stand up for yr opinions and beliefs Shania!!

Well then I hope you don't have any opinions on the WHCD
Opportunist
Too bad she caved.. A tremendous amount of her fan base had her back!
ummm might wanna tell that to your conservative colleagues melting down over jokes 
Wusses, everyone is so afraid of being honest and forming their own opinions.
Funny when you don't practice what u just preached above!
The dictator democrats are loving and kind UNTIL you say you like President Trump.  Then their true evilness explodes.

You got roasted last night Conway...she was so right in what she said....your a waste
Boy, do I ever not care about Shania Twain.
She caved to the left, what a shame.

To disagree is ok.. to lie and use alternate facts is bullshit
Your still alive? I thought the shelf life of lot lizards was 1 year
I don’t trust you.
How's George?
Yes Trump has NEVER apologized for his crass, misogynistic, crude comments.....
Twain should not have back down.  BIG MISTAKE!
Smerconish isn’t a reporter but rather another political pundit on CNN who spews hate & divide 4 the POTUS. His low rated show is just another bias, opinionated, skewed personal view that he believes is correct & couldn’t possibly be wrong because he believes it’s correct.
Yet you and the other Trump sycophants are clutching your pearls over a comedian.
Why bring people into conflict. Christ came to bring peace to our world.
Shut up smoky eye!
Pressured much ??
Why cave to pressure. Were you lying when you said youd vote for him or are you lying now? You see, this is the problem with hypocrisy
Why is this even a tweet?
Why?
He's a twit.  Nobody watches his show anyways
Why are y ou still a thing? You lying unprincipled for-hire useless bag of wind.
Coward!!!!
She soon will pimping her book on the view. You know that fair and balanced show..
Shut up, con job Kelly.
@phillydotcom don't say it, you're just as guilty.Sick of the sanctimonious attitude of the liberals in this city. Some thinking that they are so much smarter, and so moral, get off of your high horse.People are allowed to have a different opinion, it makes life more interesting.
