
You have far too many personal challenges. Trumpworld is crumbling and taking our country down with it. It's time for you to do what's best for the country and step down.


So how about actually coming up with policies to do that?
So much fake news!!!
As long as it doesn’t upset the flow of Pharmaceutical donations to your corrupt coffers, you mean. 

#TrumpRussia #IllegitimatePOTUS #Treason #CrimeFamily #LockThemUp
DOTARD
Impeach trump
Kids are dying every day from this and that's what you got!!! Go crawl back into the hole you came from!!!!
He’s a known pervert, he may like trying to do that 
Sure we will .. The opioid crisis intensified when Russia elected you president. It will lessen, once you're out of our WH.
Thanks President Trump! You are terrific! MAGA
#EndBigPharma #ReleaseTheCures #AbolishTheFDA
Waiting on my mms :)
You are the only president that actually cares about the American citizens...I'm glad I voted 4 u
Sure.
You’re succeeding to “F”up every endeavor you’ve dabbled with!
#FireConway #fireKellyanneConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway

Gosh Mr President, the cost of this program is really high and I'm just wondering how this is effecting Americans waiting for bridge repairs and jobs fixing streets and all.......the heck with these druggees.

Today I decided to kill my Twitter account. I have called donald trump an idiot.. i said he is a bigot, I asked him to resign, I called him a traitor, i said Mueller is coming for him... nothing out of the ordinary. However.....
Aye aye captain!
Well, this tweet was obviously NOT written by Trump. He’s not that articulate.
We need to confiscate the opioids before due process.
Trump is an idiot, he barely knows what he is saying. Listen to him slur his words.

Build the Wall! End Chain Migration! End Visa lottery! No Amnesty for Illegal aliens! Deport all Illegals! End DACA | We the People: Your Voice in Our Government http://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/build …
I betcha you can only explain one of those issues without looking it up.
Sounds like you suddenly became literate: no random caps, misspelling, or comma faults! Authenticity is another issue!
President Unity
Our currency is faces of men which Jesus flipped the coin tables over the face of Caesar on currency, gifts are from God not Santa clause & the Easter Bunny dishonors Christ! Statues of men is like an idol. Major changes is a must if our nation is to truly be under God as we say
yeah i love it
Resign!!!!!!
Trump, you are a pathetic and sad excuse for a POTUS
You know the government is in bad shape when you find yourself cheering the racist attorney general for defying the more file POTUS
The Trump administration is a dysfunctional reality TV show and the best example of ignorance, chaos, and incompetence!
Trump pretending he gives a hamburger about the opioid crisis is sad. His administration has done nothing but talk!
You won't even set aside meaningful amounts of money to combat the problem or sign legislation that will help. Stop wasting our time with your empty words.
I liked how Trump called for the father who lost a son to addiction then made it all about himself
You don't know what you are talking about, do you? 1) There is a legitimate need for pain control. Break your arm and see what you think. Doctors need to be prepared to closely monitor their patients on pain medication.
2)Not everyone who takes an opiate medication becomes addicted. Addiction is a separate disease. Even addicts may need supervised pain control from time to time. Would you force them to suffer?
3) Pharmaceutical companies, just like gun manufacturers, have lobbyists. Think of them as the Drug Industry NRA. They are spending hundreds of millions to stay in business. They are paying Congress to make sure that happens.
4)A good many of the dealers and "pushers" you are talking about are addicts themselves who are denied treatment because the don't have adequate health care or they can't afford mental health services. They have become a danger to themselves and others like school shooters.
5)You and your GOP Congress could help with all of these things but you would have to turn your backs on the bribery of lobbyists and open up to humanitarian aid rather than lining your own pockets. I don't see that happening in your administration. Sad.#BlueTsunami2018 
Sorry about the long-winded tweet. This is personal. I used Norco for several years. I always had a Rx, I never bought them on the street or took other people's meds but it got to be a problem. I finally had my knee replaced and weaned off the opiates.
It has been 2 1/2 years since I've had a pain pill. I have osteoarthritis and it isn't getting any better but I'm lucky to have good insurance. Not everyone does. I pray our country adopts a National Health Plan like Canada or Britain. Nana out.
Hahahahaha. You can't be serious. 
California is like the walking dead!! SO MANY homeless addicts walking the streets! Help us in California @realDonaldTrump @RealJamesWoods  an large scale intervention is needed!!
If you were serious about this why did you appoint Kellyanne Conway the opioid tzar?


Most dictators throughout history have been brilliant leaders, albeit brutal authoritarians. 

@realDonaldTrump has bought lawyers to threaten…



Thank you 4 what you're doing President Trump our kids need safety at school! I'm scared 2 send my family2school &NoSecurity But1cop! We need2Hire Veterans2stand outside schools &Arm teachers! Take "Gun free zone"signs down, & do mental stability & BChecks on those with a gun
My uncle was a Vietnam vet & still hasPTSD bad & I wouldn't give him a gun at all! He's got PTSDseverely,so bad he can't even sleep in the same bed as his own wife anymore, cause his nightmares are so bad at night when he goes 2 sleep!It's really sad 2see!But he did it 4 America!
God bless him
Thank you so much, he's my great uncle & he's dealt with it most of his life since Vietnam he went to war at age 18yrs old. He seen his best friend in Vietnam die on impact right in front of him, & it bothers him to this day! God bless all our vets & military & their families

You’re

So funny - you're talking points are totally right - as in right wing.

It's been a year and a half. She lost. Get the fuck over it.

I uh, I don't think you realized I'm making fun of you....
Another one of your political heroes, Daniel Frisiello, just got charged with sending white powder to the Trumps. Looks like it's you violent libs that need to get over it.
Political heroes...You're hilarious. I guess someone sending an innoucuous white powder in an admittedly shitty prank is way more violent than the army of rifle-toting idiots on the right. Good thing they never open fire on the public.
The only rifle toting terrorists I know, aside from Islamic terrorist groups, is Antifa. The name Antifa is hilarious - a misnomer title like Planned Parenthood or Net Neutrality etc
BY THE WAY I DIDN’T BLOCK Colin DeNoya. He never replied back because he knew he was right. So I think he went and drank more kool-aid...
You’re retweeting this clip as if you’re proud of it. I’ve seen more composed and articulate pheasants.
clearly needs an advocacy weekend (or ten) from one of the inns!
I don’t think even the dream team of @BPTC_Lecturer and @phatsilk_qc could devise a training course to improve this candidate.
Thank You Erick for that forthright contribution. Fortunately it is a hypothetical question as I would rather ingest the fetid faecal matter of a constipated & long deceased rodent than spend any time in the company of your hero,tho the chance to teach with Ish is always tempting
and I’m never surprised by the comedy that Trump supporters and their profile descriptions provide. Thank you for making my day.

Did it occur to you that it might be true? Evil is running amok for at least 30 years. Long b4 Trump WON the presidency.
On Russia, Americans trust special counsel Mueller more than Trump, USA TODAY poll shows
Like I'm gonna believe them and their polls.
I don't care if you believe them or not.

Trump: Dereliction of Duty; Treason
Most Americans are worried about Russian election meddling — and think Trump isn’t taking it seriously
That's bc the collusion took place with Obama as president and with hitlery and the rest of the demoncrats like comey, mueller et al.
We're not talking about "collusion" and we're certainly not worried about Obama or Hillary (are you?); we're talking about dereliction of duty.

Dereliction of Duty and Treason
We Have a President Who Won’t Defend Our Nation
He acquired 98% of that debt and it requires spending more to fix the f'ups from previous administrations.
Not everyone is an addict.People w/chronic diseases will be effected. I have a rare disease,#CVID & require monthly lifesaving #infusions. I deal w/constant pain not including all the times my bones have happened due to my prednisone & meds. There has to be some middle ground.
I agree with you Sunshine, I am in chronic pain every day and I am 62 and in a wheelchair. I have to go to pain mgmt every 3 months just to get my pain meds. I am not an addict on these.

Too bad your actions don’t actually match your words. Oh, and the words are as hollow as your soul.
God bless you!

Really twice? #AlternativeFacts Bye Bye durty lady
Some countries have less guns guess what they don't have a gun problem
All the haters on here are just plain #Stupid.. #Trump2020 #MAGA #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Are those just the white ones?
Technically, it’s not an epidemic. But, that position conveniently provides excuse to deny millions of Americans their medicare benefits.
Sure, no pain meds for injured #Veterans , but you had no problem abusing “diet drugs” aka #speed.
US Prohibited Diet Pills and US got obese. No more drug prohibition. Stop the FAILED War on Drugs!
Anyone want this guy as your dad? Vote now

what about those in pain who take their medication correctly and need it to live more pain free lives??
Filthy Hollywood, violent video games invaded our children. GOD being pushed away from our culture & schools resulted to a generation without conscience to discern right from wrong, poor moral compass and “it’s all about me and I want” culture. We need to raise better generation
Mr. President there are some of us that are not in the scourge. We have daily chronic pain due to injuries and diseases, and the medicine gives us a better quality of life. Injuries, diseases, veterans, cancer patients etc. protect our rights and needs as well.
Oh your putting funding bk so people can get help?
You will be Impeached and go to prison.
You've been 'talking and listening' for a year doing nothing vs ensuring big business gets all the money they 'need' in just a few months ....how about less talking and finally ...action
Legalize medical marijuana! Look at the latest research. 55yo wife of vet. @realDonaldTrump #kNOwPain  #kNOwLupus #leafly
Trump.  If and when you need paikn medication. You will see
How exactly will that happen when you cut funding for #drug #addictionrecovery? Stop acting like you care when you just cut funding to help people get clean! 
#ImpeachDavidDennison #PutYammyInTheSlammy #PootysPuppet

#lockitup

LAZY DON. Written by an intern.
we won't defeat it as long a YOU are around....do us a facor and LEAVE the WH, like everyone else is doing
I am alright dealing with abuse. Just let th he doctor's do their job. People who are prescribed need to kick their stuff up. Putting it in a medicine cabinet is waiting for problems. I have a nephew who went to heroin after his father died and he could not steal them...
Translation: “Blah blah blah. I have no idea what I’m talking about, but thoughts and prayers blah blah blah. This is boring. Can I watch TV now?”
Tough love must be deployed at times. Family should seek help at AlAnon to learn how to deal with the addictive personality; doesn't matter what substance.
What's going on in Syria Mr.
I am the Monkey Leader of USA.
Its great. Make Banana great again.
why do you stand and sway around like a small child when you talk?
Oh please.
Huh? #VoteBlue2018
This happened in my son school February 28, ,  we need secure all school now ,, no gun for the teacher in the school,,  thanks you Mrs President,
u know nothing!
I thought you were talking about your family when Mueller gets you all .... woops

Please pass along - I want this to reach the entire country to see true results, a poll that is transparent to all and hopefully as raw as it will get -     Will you vote for Trump in the 2020 election?
What about the patients that used these and fellow the advice of their doctors and don't break any laws? The same question on gun owners?
You re animal
Drugs got worse when jobs got worse Democrats way of Suppressing and controlling votes
He’s all talk. No action. A fraud with orange hair.
You don't give a  ...about the addicts.
So why have you done nothing?
Guns? Opioids? Nothing.
But of course NOTHING will happen to KellyAnne for VIOLATING THE HATCH ACT TWICE!!!

WE ALL KNOW THAT TRUMP WORSHIPERS CAN GET AWAY WITH ANYTHING.   ZERO CONSEQUENCES, ZERO INTEGRITY!
Translation: I will do nothing w/conviction, foster divisiveness (white supremacists: good people) & continue my commitment to hate. I’m all about me, neighbors be damned particularly in times of need (Puerto Rico).  I don’t work well w/others so don’t expect much. #Tchump
Its not illegal to do drugs, shouldnt be illegal to posses them. Immoral when overindulging, yes. Legalize them all and Reward those who submit to testing, if clean every 3months you give them a stimulus check from the Tax and Tariff rev from drugs. dont allow big Rx in either
2 Donald TRUMP / USP / USA , i think INDIA & USA have to open up more for the sake of solving poverty of the people NOT EDUCATED2 JOBS/um*
Trump did the DNC server & Intel leakers! In even the darkest moments, the light of our very talented Generals and military experts, please be advised that the candidate I endorsed him a month but is now an authority on Donald
You've created scared Drs. who want to legitimately help people who are in pain, dying of cancer from being able to write scripts. Bravo.
@KellyannePolls should be fired for Hatch Act violations. Won't happen in this lawless, Ruskie-infested White House. She'll be given a red velvet cupcake and new office furniture.
The Al and his rants
Just now · 
"If America can't back Trump, why the fuck did you vote for him? Back your leader, or lose your God damn war!" Via facebook.
If you are part of my family, I want a divorce right now!
Donald Trump knows absolutely nothing about opiod abuse or its solutions. Period.
#stupid
Whenever you attempt to speak with some authority, I grin from ear to ear and laugh. Oh do I laugh. Look at the clown!
Then don’t cut medical assistance to those in need, also controlled pain management is needed to help patients that have an injury, & funds to help patients effectively wean off medication if needed. Cutting aid in medical assistance to people addicted doesn’t make sense!
Absolutely; however, PLEASE DONT FORGET CHRONIC PAIN PATIENTS WHO HAVE DIFFICULTY GETTING MEDICATION NOW AND ARE TREATED LIKE DRUGGIES!!!  IT IS WRONG!!

JUST IN: Trump ends Obama-era ban on importing sport-hunted elephant trophies http://hill.cm/nKX3c6c  
You having an opioid summit is like Charles Manson leading a seminar on crime prevention. 

Where are the IRS returns you promised to share with the American people?
#FireConway
Pretty much started with @rushlimbaugh sending his illegal immigrant maid out for purchases to feed his crazy oxytocin habit. Blame El Rushbo. Start there!
There’s no way #DotardJTrump wrote this without plenty of help.
Working together the Resistance will defeat you and your half-witted appointees.
How can you say that and then go on twitter and call names to anyone you have an issue with???????????????   You create hate than pretend to talk nice.  SICK
You are nuts
2Donald TRUMP /USP/USA , whether TATA or MAHINDRA or FORD may have to take the PRESSURE of EUROPEAN cars & they are # 1 to public choice/um*
Photo-op. Another pathetic, attention grabbing photo-op.
HATCH ACT VIOLATIONS! PLEASE GET FIRED GET FINED GO TO JAIL
You fight opioids with more opioids, duh.
Making sure people in pain just kill themselves to save insurance and gov money, but spend millions to keep addicts alive, treating addicts with more OPIODES, and allowing them to not worry about the consequences,  but screw the millions in everyday pain.
with you as a partner? Ok, you got the bully pulpit, what have you done so far? NOT A DAM THING!
White House staffing chart
LIAR KELLYANNE!   YOU SAID Don'T VOTE FOR DOUG JONES!

https://www.rawstory.com/2017/11/kellyanne-conway-refuses-to-answer-after-fox-friends-asks-if-alabama-should-vote-roy-moore/ …

Doug Jones in Alabama, folks, don’t be fooled,” Conway said. “He will be against tax cuts. He is weak on crime, Weak on borders. He is strong on raising your taxes. He is terrible for property owners.
He's done NOTHING on this.


Due process first.
Death Penalty for anyone illegally selling opioids. 
Death penalty to Doctors friviously prescribing opioids. 

Done.
Family with conviction....foreshadowing!
You’re pathetic
By cutting healthcare and education in those communities?  Doing everything we can to keep them down.
司马昭之心！南京警方是为了啥参和钱宝的，大家都心知肚明。申请、呼吁、请求、跪求都没用，中国人对付中国人是最有办法的，待他日要去收复河山、扬我国威的时候，他们肯定一个比一个怂！！！
Dear Mr. President let me start It’s been downed and tried to outlaw it but this Kraton is healing 1000s from their addiction and I think it would be a better solution to giving all these people suboxin for their other addiction. Just to create another.
Blah blah blah
Keep Kratom legal and deaths from opioids will decrease
We need to stop selling any automatic weapons
We all believe you Dorito Mussolini
Kelly Conway-stop lying to American people (prostitute,this time). We pay you;we expect the truth. WH is filled w/liars.We are not getting our money's worth. We pay for the truth and for representation. We are not getting either one.Class Action Suit needed to get representation.
Oh nooooooooo!  He mentioned “love” again....just like he did with DACA and gun control and we know how well those initiatives went....I’m afraid it’s up to individuals and local governments to address opioid epidemic...Trump’s “love” is kiss of death.

Family? You know what a family is?
They will go to prison together too. Kellyanne will be waiting.
LIAR!!!!!
But not your neighbors south of the border! Hate for your neighbors! Sad!
It's time #Congress, President #Trump and the #WhiteHouse to offer real solutions that include funding at the level of other diseases and rehab programs that are based not only in faith but also in science. This #OpioidEpidemic is destroying the nation 

More evidence then-candidate @realDonaldTrump & Michael Cohen conspired for Cohen to make a $130k in-kind contribution to silence Stormy Daniels. This violates federal election law. Penalty is up to 5 years in…

https://www.rawstory.com/2017/11/kellyanne-conway-refuses-to-answer-after-fox-friends-asks-if-alabama-should-vote-roy-moore/ …

KELLYANNE ADVOCATED FOR EVERYONE TO BUY IVANKA'S STUFF

THAT IS A VIOLATION OF THE HATCH ACT!!
https://www.facebook.com/UncleSamsChildren/videos/845537902308877/ …
Why do you refuse to hear my story? My sister, Missy Rose, RIP was an addict. She was clean at the time of death; we are certain the drugs contributed to her demise. I don't blame her choices & try to force my moral outrage against legitimate lifesaving medications to so many.
I’m sorry for your loss, Mr. Rose.
Thank you. It is still hard but day by day you learn to live with the loss. 

If you really gave a s%$t you would have decorated it a national emergency instead of a health crisis. No money with the declaration of a health crisis. Thanks for nothing. Again.
ANYONE CATCH THIS DOTARD'S SPEECH YESTERDAY?

It was about 1 minute of teleprompter b.s. & then he gets a dude to come up and speak for less than a minute.

And guess what? That was the big speech on opioids! 

MORONIC DOTARD
Our representatives are NOT keeping their Oath of Office.They are allowing the enemies within to push this nation toward the path of globalism/communism/fascism."Political correctness" GARBAGE is still used to manipulate, ignore and substitute our Constitutional Laws and Rights.

BREAKING: Trump confidant dumped millions in steel-related stock last week, days before tariff announcement https://goo.gl/jLyDAS  
2 Donald TRUMP USP USA / what is COMMON IS TRADE as the FOUNDATION & colours of national flags & I LOVED DELL but will aim4 APPLE LAPTOP/um*
You are just so exceptional

To me you were handpicked from heaven.

Thank you for all you do for your country and the world at large.

I love you sir
TOTALLY AGREE SISTER GOD PUT HIM WHERE HE'S AT BECAUSE HE KNEW HE WOULD GET THE JOB DONE AND WITH GOD BACKING HIM AND HIS DISCIPLES WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP AND VICE PRESIDENT PENCE WE PRAY FOR YOU DAILY AND NIGHTLY FOR GOD TO KEEP YOU SAFE.
medical marijuana outlets would be very helpful. ptsd veterans even say it works. why should only some vets get this and others get addictive opioids..
Lt. Dan deserves THC therapy not addictions that harm.

I am not apart of any family that you and your administration have to offer
JESUS is the cure for all addiction. Allow GOD back in school so pastors can be present. They can see the signs other don't recognize .
