Spotted at the MLK Memorial @SecretaryCarson 
James Baldwin — 'I can't believe what you say, because I see what you do.'
That's what we said about Obama and Clinton. I could care less about $30,000 table. How about that six billion that Hillary lost at the state department? For the $850,000 Bill Clinton had to pay Gennifer flowers for his sexual tryst?
That was Paula Jones not Gennifer Flowers. Bill Clinton is a cheater but taxpayers didn’t pay that settlement so that’s a false equivalency. His impeachment was just bc he perjured himself and obstructed justice. 

Keep that same energy for Trump okay?

(The HRC thing is a lie.)
Thank you! Bill Clinton had so many victims I sometimes get them confused! 

Hillary abused and berated so many of those women, I'm sure it was because she supports women. 

We have plenty of energy to dismantle Obama's Legacy and prosecute Clinton for her treasonous crimes.
Ah, we’re changing subjects again. Ok...I’m in between meetings...I’ll play. 

Please be specific about said treasonous crimes of Obama & HRC. I can’t dismantle your arguments without specifics. It’s only fair.

Oh wait. That’s your strategy isn’t it? 
Not changing subjects.  Keeping things pertinent.

Start: $1.7 BILLION cash to terrorist sponsoring, anti-American Iran.

Natural support of an enemy state is treason.

Do you need me to quote the CFR on that or can you operate Google?
He would be ashamed of you and your conduct at HUD!!
Why? Finding @HUDgov had scammed #Americans during the illustrious Obama administration and is trying to clean it up? Is that it? Because he dissed your messiah?
Are you racist like most #Liberals? Because it sure sounds like it.
Take a chill pill granny, your the only one bringing racism into the conversation. Typical trumpster, trying to distract.
White supremacy isn’t racist in #Liberals eyes...hmmm
You are so excited insecure, it's pathetic.
We all appreciate it as I’m sure he does in Heaven
How about resigning n we install an intelligent person in that position.
Boy the young could use a Dr King now, for sure.
Then explain how a $31,000 table in your office helps.
You are an HONOR  Dr. Carson..to the USA....
You are another con man
So what are you doing in honors Martin Luther King?
If they’re tearing down the other ones that was going to. God bless America.
God bless you and your family Mr. Carson , we pray that God gives you courage and strength, that He provides prosperity for you and your loved ones in every season. In Jesus name
God doesn’t provide prosperity- what bible are you reading?
The GOP version -  Limited edition, printed in green ink.
Matthew 24:24 even talks about Trump.
Ohhh! That Bible.  Thanks- forgot about that one
Good April Fool's joke, Ben. But it was 3 days ago. #SleepyEyed
Yeah but if you heard him speak you’d know he started the sentence on April fools
You....are.....tot..a..lly...co..rrect
MLK was a great man. Ben Carson, not so much. Let them eat cake - at my $31,000 dining table.
He didn't order that table, someone else did and then leaked the purchase to the press. Staged bad publicity.
God Bless you Dr. Carson!!! We’re blessed to have you!!!
Is that the royal singular use of “we”?
How's your table, Ben?

You should be ashamed to associate yourself with Dr King's legacy.
Ben Carson thinks he is carrying on Dr. King’s mission! That’s like saying #TraitorTrump’s carrying on President Obama’s mission! This administration has a warped understanding of themselves. #2018EveryThingWillChange
CARSON YOU ARE AN JOKE TRYING TO FOOL PEOPLE LIKE YOUR INTEREST IS IN HUD IF SO PROVE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE SINCE.M.L.K.THAT WAS WHAT HE WAS ALL ABOUT YOU GREED IS WHAT YOU IS ABOUT.
Any more $35,000 desks? or any pieces of furniture worth $50,000? That you might need? There's some really good desks at thrift stores..
That's where I volunteer for Abused Women and Children...
Yes and you spend 30000 ON FURNITURE PLEASE dont invoke MLK your a sad person who stands up for nothing
Sir, respectfully how dare you ...changing mission statement of HUD to delete fair housing without discrimination...MLK would Not approve!
Remember when you removed 'free from discrimination' from HUD last month. MLK would have called you out for the fraud you are.
MLK did not give his life to see this democracy dismantled by you and all the other cabinet appointees who are uniquely unqualified and wish to dismantle their own departments.  You would not receive MLK's endorsement simply because you are black.
Your kidding right?  Go furniture shopping lately?  Spend away.  It's not your money.  How are you enjoying your pity posting at HUD?
You are gutting HUD’s mission
Shut up SWAMP THING!!
Resign, grifter.
and buying $130K tables for your office while cutting fair housing laws enforcement at HUD- yep that is what MLK stood for! NOT! #FakeChristian
You are working hard to undo MLK's legacy and you know it.
Yea, he too had a dream that one day a great man would furnish his office with an expensive dining table...
Just by spending 31k on stupid furniture had him rolling in his grave but supporting a racist president shot him again
Yeah he’d prolly be super stoked to eat lunch at your $30,000 table huh?  Wouldn’t have a thing to say about your self dealing through your son, or your attempts to throw your wife under the bus either.
Remember when you removed the words “free from discrimination” from the HUD mission statement? Good times!
Grand mommy seems to have deleted its tweets!
Oh, I assumed I was blocked!
Know what I’m reflecting upon? The irony of a man who insists upon a $30,000 dining table deciding what’s “fair” for financially strapped Americans..
You think #MLK would said, “Yes Ben, you deserve a table worth $31,000 because after you are working for the small man!”?
You erased “free from discrimination”  from the official HUD mission statement, you are like every other Trump surrogate, an absolute disingenuous fraud.
Boy please you were up some white people butt selling out. You are clueless about the MLK struggles
Doctor Carson ,congratulations my God Bless You in your new assignment.
Take your furniture and disappear. 
You are not suited for the job.

There were no meetings with Russians, except for the meetings with Russians. The meetings with Russians were not abt Russia, except for the parts that were abt Russia. There was no follow-up after the meeting with Russians abt Russia, except by ppl who followed up after meeting.
His mission was grifting of the tax payers for 31k dining sets? Pa-leez
Calvin, go back to taking care of Mr Candy’s house. Don’t talk. Your mouth betrays you.
How's your "fiscally prudent" $31,000 dining table?https://www.nytimes.com/2018/02/27/us/ben-carson-hud-furniture.html …
Proud of you Dr. Carson. God bless you!
You are a disgrace to everything MLK stood for you were once a hero to the black community now your just a Trump pawn smh wake up!!!
You're awake????
Your a self serving Tom / House 'Boy'. Stop with the insincere platitudes that u & the whole GOP / Executive Branch keep espousing. Rev. King would be against everything y'all are doing, as we are. It's offensive that y'all keep invoking his name for your smash and grab agenda.
You bring shame to African-Americans.
Please stop tweeting, MLK would not stand with you.
You decided inclusive wasnt something you should care about at the HUD when you removed it from its mission. Thats not what mlk fought for. 

Youre enabling oppression
It's an honor for America to have such a man as you in our gov't! 
God bless his memory.
#Negroplease Rename yourself "Mr. Gentrification" aka Mr. "I'll Make You Homeless."
Don't you dare ! Your skin may be African Amercian but Your soul is Orange! You are not even a blip in the world stage and you never will be .You will however be an inmate soon enoughn
What an act your portrayal of care is. One thing though, you’re horrible at acting. You have no business holding the position that you occupy. #conservativesham
Lots of people calling you Uncle Tom/Ben.
Pretty sure the real uncle Tom didn't have a sick dining table! 
As long as you get yours, right?
ASSHOLE!
https://twitter.com/aaronwiener/status/981557098671681539?s=19 …

Stop operating on your own brain, Ben.
Last month you deleted the words “inclusive” and “free from discrimination” from HUD’s mission statement https://twitter.com/SecretaryCarson/status/981530000267579392 …
We are lucky to have you Dr.Carson.
And ordering $31,000 tables upon which to dine. 

Ah, the irony of it all.
Man stop!...You sold your soul to satan for a dining room table...MISS ME WITH THAT B.S.
Hypocrite
How's the table looking
Bite your tongue and keep it still. The HUD mission statement adjustment REMOVED mention of equality. Rev. King would be disgusted.
Your “boss”:
Where and when was this taken? Because if this has been photoshopped it is inherently fake. If that, why are you putting fake photos of someone?
Question all things.

In 1968 Fair Housing Act was passed to honor Martin Luther King

5 years later Trump was sued by DOJ for refusing to rent to black tenants. Black applications were marked "C" for "colored" by Trump employees

…
Ummm..... NO. He didn’t die for the mission you’re carrying out...... #MLK50
you are not worthy to say his name.
He would be ashamed of you.
Dr. Carson, we are so proud of you and all that you are doing. Thank you and may God bless you and your family. 
He must be rolling over in his grave! 
Tell us exactly what you are doing to help people or are you still ordering over priced furniture?
No one believes your lies.  Uncle Tom.
A funny way you have, of thinking you are carrying out his mission.  Perhaps if you discard your cognitive dissonance and confirmation bias, you might understand what I'm telling you.
Love you Ben Carson! Don’t let those Elizabeth Warren types get you down.
Shame of you even using yourself and MLK in same sentence. you're not a 10th of the man MLK was.
You are doing a piss poor job. To think of the position you were handed, and how you squandered the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of so many. But, at least you may have a elegant/expensive dining room set to look at.
Are you going to furnish all this housing with new desks?
You must not have much of an imagination, because you're doing a piss poor job of things, you sleepy looking dope...
Were you looking for your luggage while there?
We’re going to judge you on your character. It’s non-existent.
You aren't carrying out @HUDgov's mission. You are an Uncle Tom.

You make it harder for MLK's vision to become a reality because you give bigots a black man to point at as a fraud while allowing @realDonaldTrump to claim he cares about minorities & elevated one to the Cabinet.
You think you're slick, but we SEE you. THROUGH you...
I think he would be ashamed of the job you are doing.
What he died?
Reflect on how you’re trashing a legacy. #HUD
Today would be a GREAT day to FIRE Dotard Carson for stealing tax payer's money for 30K dining room tables!  @realDonaldTrump Why not make it a double and fire @BetsyDeVosED
You are a good man, Dr. Carson.

Last month you deleted the words “inclusive” and “free from discrimination” from HUD’s mission statement https://twitter.com/SecretaryCarson/status/981530000267579392 …
I wonder if MLK would have stolen tax payer money to furnish his home?  Maybe you should focus more on the people being discriminated against rather than aligning yourself with the financially elite in this country.
OMG. I can't believe you could suggest you're carrying on his legacy in any way.
You're a hypocrite. If you truly believed this, you'd have fought against the budget cuts that'll damage the lives of people not unlike those Dr King worked so hard to serve and protect and champion.Oh, and $31,000 for a dining table?You sure were nice to Mrs Carson on that one!
How dare you even invoke MLK's name YOU UNCLE TOM!!!!
If you believe in "fair housing for all," then why did you delete the words “inclusive” and “free from discrimination” from HUD’s mission statement?
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. did not DIE, he was MURDERED by the same type of people you are working with now.
What are you going to do about all the ground that's been lost since the Fair Housing Act was passed? You can't drape yourself in the memory of MLK without fighting things like this:
You are an embarrassment to the races of men and women who fight for the advancement of civil rights. Here’s a tray, go serve some people !
.Mr Carson...you are such a beautiful person. It's so reassuring knowing a Christian is working in our Gov! God bless you & your family!
You are uniquely unqualified and embarassingly undeserving of the job that you hold.
You’ve made yourself look like a fool.
Thank you Secretary Carson! 
He'd be ashamed of you and the administration you work for.
And yet you would deny everyone else the same hand up that you got. Hypocrite.
Go back to sleep Ben

Yep.. he stood for spending $31000 of tax payer dollars on a dining set and when the tax payers spoke up blaming ones wife.  Yep. MLK would be so proud Ben.
Please don't compare anything you do to the great MLK Jr.

You aren't fooling anyone. We all know you are classless and a disgrace to HUD and its intended mission.
Bad actor, opportunist hypocrite 

Yes!  $14k tables for everyone!
Seriously, you dare?
Nope. No.
It's wonderful to see someone giving their best and really caring.
Still braindead.
Thank you for your service Doctor! Fair housing for all is so important.
He would despise you and fight everything you're doing with all of his might. Keep his name out your mouth.
So sad you never learned from Dr. King, you swamp dweller.
MLK would roll his eyes at you but at the same time be super proud of what youve accomplished. Then, hed roll his eyes again when he saw what you did with it.

After all the strife your people have been through you have the gall to take more away.
$31,000 dining set. Sure, sounds legit 
What you are doing is the literal opposite of everything Dr. King stood for.  You disgust me.
Change your name to Judas as we all know your favor is the coin!
Ouch!!! Lol
You fraud. You took freedom from housing discrimination out of HUD’s mission.  
Shame on Republican pretenders who PRETEND to honor MLK. 
MLK would excoriate you, Ben.
MLK stood AGAINST YOU AND ALL YOU STAND FOR.
Oh don’t you dare, invoking MLK’s name on this day...he would be marching against you and your hypocrisy! Shame on you!!!
Remember when your racist boss and his slum lord dad were caught in violation of fair housing in the 70s? Good times.
Good for you #UncleBen!
How would he feel about your desire to make HUD less "free from discrimination?"
MLK would likely suggest you keep his name out of your mouth given the work you do every day to undo his legacy.
In paying attention to the black community, one will discover people quietly doing impressive work. HUD can do no wrong consulting with leaders with a proven track record, regardless of politics.  Pastor @KWCosby a HBCU Pres. (Simmons) is changing lives.
Impact of Black Politics:

Dr. Kevin Cosby @KWCosby the President of Simmons College gave up 100% of his salary.  Dr. Cosby is also a Pastor.  HBCU is a big deal for…
I think you and this administration are missing the point of his mission.
You do realize tRump put you in that office as a token because you are so unqualified for the office that you have. And that you are expected by your boss to fail.
Oh honey, you threw your wife under the bus over an expensive table and chairs. Maybe reflect on that.
Fair housing for all?  From this POS administration?  You're kidding right?  Go back to sleep, Ben.
Tom
Yuck
I'm offended that you attended his memorial service.
Thank you Dr Carson for your service and patriotism

Last month you deleted the words “inclusive” and “free from discrimination” from HUD’s mission statement https://twitter.com/SecretaryCarson/status/981530000267579392 …
Is Hud giving a lot of their subsidy housing funds to illegals?

Hud's priority for housing is homeless and people with children. A lot of the illegals would take priority over US citizens who are low income, seniors, etc.
You may remember where you were but obviously you weren’t listening to his message.
Carson: Your actions speak louder than your words.

You deleted inclusive wording from the HUD's mission statement.
Neither could He. We are surprised too. And what a terrible job you are doing! @SecretaryCarson is an embarrassment to the MLK legacy.
I'm calling bullshit on this one, dude.  You work for a #Racist.
You have no business making statements about MLK in any way shape or form. Your eradication of discrimination protections in housing is inhumane and vile. You are the complete antithesis of MLK
Thank you for your life of service Dr Carson.
You need to be punched in your face for even mentioning MLK. Your actions and this idiotic tweet is completely contrary to what Dr King stood for. Your a lost soul that will never found
A lot to reflect upon.
Like: should the Watterford crystal goblets be set to the RIGHT or the LEFT of the antique china? Should the Dom Perignon be chilled or remain room temperature?  Etc.
Everytime I hear Ben speak all I see is......
Hey asshole, aren't you the guy that deleted the words “inclusive” and “free from discrimination” from HUD’s mission statement?

Except you aren't working for fair housing......
. How are those expensive furniture working out?
Your a Fraud!!!!
The mission MLK died for was a $31,000 dining room table for your office?
Mr. Carson you're doing a good job but can you please focus on abuse of Section 8 recipients. Everyone should be tested for drugs including food stamps recipients Link Card they can easily get cash it should  have picture of a have a picture and a signature just like credit card
You are kidding,right?
You? Carrying out MLK's mission? Are you in fucking denial?
You’re an embarrassment to Dr. King.
Carson, you wouldn't equal a hair on MLK's butt. You, sir, are an embarrassment.
Uncle Tom
