67401
Put a trillion $ tariff on it from China. Easy bill to get passed.
HELP!! Listening session on Opioids has.been officially requested!  Help share!  https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
But again the Lawful suffer for the Unlawful, Did ya know Peripheral Neuropathy for many feels like walking on 2nd day of Sunburn, and low jelly fish stinging, even effecting more than feet and hands? Lyrica swells the legs, Gabapentin swells the Uvula for many & deadly abused.
Yes let's keep people distracted from that pesky children and teachers massacre.
How much money have you taken from the pharmaceutical companies???
Planned Parenthood Banked $20 Million From Killing Unborn Babies – How They Plan To Spend That Money Will Make You Wretch. That list has narrowed to eight states: Arizona, Florida, Michigan, Minnesota, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. .
Ok, what kind of illness to qualify for these perscriptions and ongoing?
Maybe congress can also act to remove the incompetence of the #FakePresident from the WH.
Patients with true health issues are suffering due to this epidemic.
I do agree that fentanyl should be made illegal right alongside heroin; but I strongly disagree that lesser drugs like codeine with aspirin ( which are safe and effective with dr management..and no way equate to fentanyl/heroin)
Should be swept up in the ban
Many patients choose cannabis over opiates.  It doesn't kill and is not physiologically addictive.  Therefore, PhRMA has lobbied million$ to keep marijuana illegal.  Save lives.  End federal prohibition.
"Fentanyl is the leading cause of death in #Ohio." No, it isn't.
FAKE NEWS @KellyannePolls . A quick search of the Ohio Dept. of Public Health would have told you that it's not even close to being the #1 cause. But clearly facts...and experts don't matter to you. @CNN @BBCWorld  @AP @MSNBC
But just like a semi-automatic weapon, Fentanyl - in and of itself - is incapable of harming or killing anyone. So why would we need any laws or regulations?!?
How is the NRA blood money? You people support illegals that kill. What about your abortion! It’s so easy to form a label and chant your hate isn’t it? First it’s assault rifles next pistols and then shotguns.  We don’t want to take all your guns, BS!
Good luck.  I know the fines did not work last time that drug company was caught being complicit.  Time to increase fine to destroy the profitability and do other measures.
Fentanyl is not the leading cause of death in Ohio. Guns are the leading cause.
The proposed (STOP) Act sounds like another step in the right direction to achieve an end to this horrible epidemic. I really hope the (STOP) Act is passed by Congress to help achieve an end to this crisis.
Tell me the gun death and domestic violence stats Mr. NRA
What does that have anything to do with this
You appear believe it is easier to save American lives with your plan to stop drugs rather than banning sales of assault weapons.  Gun money is the opioid of the Congress. #NRA
Your talking about two separate issues.   I don’t think they should pass one bill to address them at same time.  I’m guessing your just being non sequitur.
@KellyannePolls hmmm so u know how to stop deadly activities? Pro opioid lobby not fill ur till?!??
Or teaching Americans to be drug free!!
It’s about time. OBama the n— wouldn’t stop it. Watch twitter censer me for saying this.
Oh dear, the ZZ Top, white supremicists have joined the forum.
I’m just a red blooded American that believes in the Bill of Rights. Do you. If not u can move.
So I guess you are a right wing Christian, Trump supporter, anti abortion, pro gun, anti gay etc.
I thought Christianity was supposed to be a tolerant religion?
It is, but I will tolerate only so much from liberals. You must’ve voted for Killery. And that’s what’s wrong with my great country America. Liberals have run it inthe ground.
I don’t live in the US. If I did, I wouldn’t have voted for either of them. You would think a country the size of the US would be able to get 2 better candidates than those 2.
just say NO isn't working?  SF, LA, NY, Miami have been dealing with Opioids for decades and very little was done because it wasn't your problem now that OHIO is affected it is a crisis??? 
Fund #PlannedParenthood so addicts can get condoms TO STOP HIV epidemic that is looming
By ending the crisis the people that possess health issues that truly do indeed require pain management, and pain medication will no longer have to suffer not receiving the proper treatment they require due to the opioid epidemic crisis.
@KellyannePolls @dcexaminer guns are leading cause of death for youth. Why aren't you talking about that?
#BuildTheSolarWall Keep Out #Drugs & #Illegals 
....... and building The Wall.
Is that the Stop illegal immigration act????
I’ll chalange that ! I think it’s abortion clinics !
Senator "Appliance Bulb". I am assuming you don't mean to totally ban Fentanyl so that hospitals don't have it available in their armamentaria for pain control. It sounds like it. Please explain!
But we must protect hospice and chronic pain patients. My dear friend on hospice has had to deal with awful issues getting her meds!!!
now
Check out what other countries are doing to fight overdose deaths - they stopped punishing their own citizens for a medical condition.
That has no place in a 'free society'.
Stop the war on drugs - which has always been a war against US citizens.
If we ban Fentanyl criminals will just kill themselves with knives. Are we going to ban cars because people accidentally die in them? Are we going to ban caffeine because it’s addictive? I have a Constitutional right to happiness. You can pry my Fentanyl from my cold dead hands!
THE leading cause?!  I doubt that.
At the very least give the addicts the fentanyl test stripes so that they can see how much poison is in their heroin. Test stripes save lives.
So no fentanyl, but AR-15’s are a go.

You are a BS'er. 

Focus on building the wall and see how one solution solves many problems.
Fenanyl is 500 times more potent than morphine-and sufenanyl is 1000 times more potent than morphine! If you want to die-play with these drugs!
WHAT THE HEY? How Many Laws Need to BE On The Books ..Before LAW ENFORCEMENT IS ALLOWED TO DO THEIR JOB..And A WALL Is Constructed To DELAY DISTRIBUTION FROM OVER OUR SOUTHERN BORDER..
Horrible.
I don't understand how people can get addicted to all those drugs when they could use Tylenol for pain relief.
Tylenol doesn’t work for really bad pain. You need opiates for intractable pain such as you get in end stage cancers.
Psych Drugs ARE THE CAUSE of MASS SCHOOL violence! LasVegas Shooter on PsychDrugs, Doctor Peter Breggin EXPLAINS HERE https://breggin.com/psychiatric-drug-adverse-reactions-side-effects-and-medication-spellbinding/ … @SenateGOP @seanhannity @WhiteHouse @ChrisPlanteShow @HouseCracka @BoSnerdley @dbongino @danspena @Thomas1774Paine @VP @warnerthuston
Mass Violence CAUSE HERE https://breggin.com/psychiatric-drug-adverse-reactions-side-effects-and-medication-spellbinding/ … @SebGorka @GoldBaron08 @realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @EricTrump @PressSec @cvpayne @WMALDC @RealJamesWoods @WashTimes @OANN @theMRC @POTUS @freedomcaucus @davidwebbshow @RepDaveBrat @DaveBratVA7th @TGowdySC @tedcruz
“The” leading cause of death in Ohio. I find that very very hard to believe. Could you state some actual numbers please ?

Not just in Ohio! I had a friend die in California last week of fentanyl!
After numerous attempts the government to curtail drug use passing another law will do little to help.
Say's it all
Put the blame where it belongs Smellyanne
So is guns. Ppl on drugs choose that path, children with dreams was gun down without a choice, get ur priorities straight
Fentanyl is a huge problem. This #STOPact needs to be passed. Laws like #thecomprehensivefentanylcontrolact https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/1781 … also need to be passed. We must fight to get these kinds of laws passed so that lives can be saved. #fentanylkills #drugdealersaremurderers
Nearly every synthetic drug you can buy in the U.S.—legally or illegally, from cathinones to steroids to the heart medication your doctor prescribed—probably came from China.
FYI:
Dont put the drugs into your body and they wont bother you.
Sen. Rob can you do America a favor and marry kellyanne. She is the perfect match for you.
Then maybe the Federal Gov should make it so that Fentanyl should be used only under medical supervision say in Hospitals or Medical Facilities and not be allowed to be used by Drs. in private practice. The money to be made by medical personnel is enormous. Take away access.
Lies.  Heart disease and cancer lead Fentanyl deaths by orders of magnitude. Fentanyl is BAD.  We have a massive drug crisis.  But don't effing LIE, it does your argument much harm.
http://publicapps.odh.ohio.gov/EDW/DataBrowser/Browse/Mortality …
Auto deaths are basically the same. Who's trying to pass a law to outlaw cars?
That would be a good idea. We can all walk or use bicycles to get around. It would make people much fitter and save lots of deaths due to heart attacks 
So this is Kellyannes way of fighting the opioids crisis in America? Tweets? Good job crypt keeper.
If you dig deeper..you'll eventually find the Muslim Brotherhood Strategic Plan fir the west. Which includes flooding country with cheap heroin then poisoning it.  2009 DEA investigation into HEZBOLLAH drug trafficking was killed by Obama even though they had infiltrated (1)
Mexican cartels. Then Obama & Holder decided to SELL GUNS TO A "MEXICAN" CARTEL..one of which killed innocent concert attendees IN FRANCE !  It turns out Obama's admin was working for IRAN for 8 year ? Anyway Medicaid expansion & HEZBOLLAH are killing Americans with cheap drugs.
This same thing happened in the late 70's with qualudes, China is the Problem, We need to Outlaw importing Fentanyl just as did with qualudes. China wouldn't give this to their people. China loves killing Americans
Just send thoughts and prayers... works for children murdered by gun violence right?
And exactly how will this act keep the deadly dope out of user's hands, amd atop steeet dealers from selling it to them, especially if they don't care about the law?
Hey Senator, do you even give a shit about gun deaths in Ohio or is that @nra cash that good?
@KellyannePolls   It all starts with marajuana
Try starting to poison Chinese back. Load their Rhino horns with poison. Then they might try to stop it.
Actually, heart disease is, but hey, don't let the truth spoil a good story.
There’s no way fentanyl is the leading cause of death in Ohio. No way.
You want to bring this up before Congress BUT IGNORE GUN REFORM???
You do realize fentanyl is being synthesized on the street, right?
No more than never-legal crack is hard to get
I am surprised the Democratic party would vote for it.
How much do you take from the NRA?
@KellyannePolls @dcexaminer Rob, what are you doing to protect Ohio’s schoolchildren? They are sitting ducks. They’re afraid!
Looks like the drug dealers will get a pass,,, The senior Cancer patients Will have will have their pain meds cut ...
Fentanyl doesn't kill people. People kill people.

Gun rights activists, am I doing this right?
Sadly, my good friend will be burying his brother this week in Ohio.
Well senator if you just call it the AR-15entynal then #oprah and #Clooney will kick in a cool Million to help you.
How about dealing with the immigration issue so Americans can get higher paying jobs to pay for that healthcare you haven’t fixed. But go ahead & take are guns cuz yea that’s the problem.
I'm glad you aren't my senator.
Stop grouping heroin n fentonal with hydrocodone..u make good law abiding ppl who need pain relief feel Like drug addicts
Mass school shootings are another leading cause of death but you Trumpski's don't seem too bothered to do anything about that 
Just build the wall already.
NRA traitor.

This is a bad idea. Fentanyl is important in cancer treatment.
Yet you won't do shit but talk about it.

It's the leading cause of drug deaths.  It is not the "leading cause of death".
But congress won't.
AR-15s are the leading cause of death of hundreds of victims of mass school shootings. What are you going to do about it, Senator?
Ha! Not true. Handguns are.
“Dr” Igor...you may be thinking gun related fatalities. I’m talking mass school shootings, and not sure what your “ha” gotcha mentality is about. You may want to see a real doctor about that 
Trump wantscto spend the $ on border wall?  But it won't stop Fentanyl!
How about gun show loopholes?
@antischool_ftw
scary
Guns are the leading cause of death in schools. Congress can act on that too.
Actually on average nationally 11 students per day are killed in car accidents while texting. Make the legal age for a smart phone 21yo.
$3,061,941
#nra hired gun #robportman is showing his master #WayneLaPierre what he has paid for.

Robbie takes the #koch, #trump and #nra teaching his kids that daddy can be bought.

Robbie protects guns from human attacks.

And now he is gunning for silence about 
#parklandshooting
yes we know how well laws stop people from using drugs
Could you do anything more to deflect the conversation from what it should be about? Take a stand to do the right thing. If you have to return the $$ from the NRA, so be it.
Why don’t you do some intelligent research. Drugs kill more people than guns ever will. Drugs kill more people than we have lost in wars. No one seems so upset over drugs. Guns don’t kill anyone. People kill people. It doesn’t matter if something is illegal or not. Killers kill

liar.
Rob Portman is a leading enabler of mass shootings in America. Congress can't act to stop the deadly scourge of gun violence because too many members are owned by the gun lobby.
@senrobportman is right up there w/ fentanyl:  #Complicit  #Beholden
I have 3,061,941 suggestions for YOU, Rob!
There are unprintable.    Use your imagination.
I've got an idea how you solve the Fentanyl crisis you created: 
Thoughts and prayers
How about helping with death by school shooter?

#BloodyNRAMoney #enoughisenough #neveragain #Portmansbadgeofshame #marchforourlives
Gets some facts lady - more people die from abortions and suicide by handguns. Not to mention everyone is medicated because our healthcare system sucks. But yea let’s worry about yet another “school shooter” known by the FBI that hears voices.
you need to talk with my pain doctor Kedar Deshpande w/ Orthopedic and Spine center. And the issues he's having with insurance companies and what they're making patients try (formularies). http://www.oscpain.com/ 
Do something to save our chiller from being killed at school, the movies hell anywhere! Vote for #CommonSenseGunLaws give back your #NRABloodMoney and work for the citizens of #Ohio not #corporate #lobbies if you don’t we will demand your resignation.
LOL Demand all you want. There will never be gun control. The people wouldn't allow it. You are in the minority.
Congress can also oppose assault rifles but we know you won’t as long as the NRA keeps paying you
#2 is firearms and you have accepted >$3M from @NRA. Source: https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/pressroom/states/ohio.htm …
NRA contributions are far more addictive then Fentanyl Senator. Please find the moral character to fight your addiction.
Rob- Assault Rifles are the leading cause of death for the 200 school shooting - massacre of children, in the last five years.
Quit taking NRA blood money and man up to do what is Right!
Let's talk #GunReformNow, #Dreamers  or about moving forward to #ImpeachTrumpNow.  Otherwise we don't want to hear anymore from you.  #Dosomething
This isn’t the first time Rob has conveniently left out two words. . .
Has this tweet been approved by the #NRA? You know, the same #NRA that has contributed $20,300 to your campaigns?
“Fentanyl is the leading cause of death in #Ohio.”  You sure about that Rob? Maybe the leading cause of INJURY death?  Leading causes of death are heath related, but you aren’t exactly championing better heath care are you? More the opposite. What about guns, Rob.
#NRABloodOnYourHands  #NRAIsATerroristOrganization  #NRAWhore
God have mercy on your NRA-kept souls:

Richard Burr
$6,986,620…
What about the murders in Florida?
Funny real Americans know it’s the @GOP that’s the real danger. How much $ did you get from @NRA & Russia? #@GOPTRAITORS
You are the leading cause of death in Ohio. #AllTalkNoAction
Get that man a surgical team cause he was just stabbed with #Truth n #Fact.
Awwwww, yet another non controversial topic.  Clearly you are safer not going out on a limb .... You might fall.  You've never responded to me re: town hall meeting.  Perhaps that is too controversial for your taste?  But, it is part of your job.
You have over 3 million ways you can show you care. Donate (a lot) to https://www.gofundme.com/8psm8-march-for-our-lives … I have seen you change your mind when it involved your family. These kids are someone’s family too. #DouglasHighSchool #family #GunReformNow
Why not such outrage about gun violence oh yeah campaign contribution's forgot for a second
While you are closing loopholes, how about stopping assault rifles, bump stocks, and require background checks of all individuals purchasing weapons at gun shows? How about a waiting period as there is for handguns for ALL firearms? #EnoughIsEnough
3 million plus reasons why you have no credibility, #EnoughIsEnough stop accepting blood money from the NRA
More people die from gun violence.
Why won't you act on that?
#WorthlessSenator
#GunControlNow
#NotOneMore
How about we stop being the only country in the world where kids OD on bullets?your silence on this is deafening. Maybe you’re praying for this all to blow over so you can get back to accepting #NRAbloodmoney
Or Congress can send some prayers, that’s a pretty tried-and-true course of action
Senator Portman - Unless I missed something, I don't think you've responded to the shooting in Florida beyond offering thoughts & prayers. Do you have a plan you're developing to help prevent these sorts of tragedies in Ohio?
#factsmatter 2016 deaths by drug overdose (all) 4050
Other deaths: Heart Disease=27000; Cancer=25433; Chronic Lower Respiratory Disease=6765; Accidents=6178; Firearms=1203; Homicide=578.  Maybe if you worked harder getting #healthcare for all, we might THAN have fentanyl #1 cause
Per the CDC, 3,300 overdose deaths, 1300 gun deaths.  Both are tragic and largely preventable, but you seem to only care about one of them.
Rob Portman's 'A' NRA rating is a #ScarletLetter of shame.
Quit ducking the issue! The only thing we want to talk to you about is guns!
 I recently read an article where you were whining that no one is listening. Pretend to be a leader and listen: GUNS
I would say Trump and Republicans are with all the healthcare you cut and premiums hikes. Then theres the cuts to Social Security etc.
Rob ,I am so happy to see you are trying to slow this epidemic. It has effected so many people and there families. I lost my baby sister in Feb of last year to this devils drug..She fought hard to get away from it but it had her and wouldn't let go..Keep up the work!
What work has he done?
Rob, Do you really believe Fentanyl is today's #1 problem?
Actually, the leading cause of death is heart failure. #StopLyingToUs
Actually heart disease is, followed by cancer. But sure, focus on giving tax breaks to the wealthy why destroying healthcare. 

https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/pressroom/states/ohio.htm …
While* Twitter needs an edit button.
Today I choose to laugh at your nonsense. My throat needs a rest from screaming. Carry on Sen Tepid.
$3,061,941=Cost of your immortal soul.
Can they "act" or should they just think and pray about it?
Do we know who's running against you yet in 2022?
I mean, I'd legit vote for a potato at this point if it got on the ballot.
I’ll back a potato against Portman.
Introducing the POTATO PARTY!
You just can't think up anything new???

Like the ones coming in from secretary of transportation Chao's (and Mitch McConnell's in laws) family's ships? @GOP pretty much all crooked.

It's been almost 4 years.  When will you be holding a live public town hall?

#POSPortman
#enoughisenough
Coronary Heart Disease is the leading cause of death in #Ohio and it's not even close.
I think we should ban KFC and McDonalds. They are lethal!
Can Congress also act to keep our kids safe from guns? Why don’t you donate the blood money you’ve take from the NRA to put metal detectors at all of ours schools?
And shootings are the 3rd leading cause of death in children across the US: http://www.newsweek.com/guns-kids-third-leading-cause-death-627209 …. Do something about it!

What about gun control? How's the NRA Brotherhood? How much more money have you received?
Oh you are such a transparent tool
Congress can also act now to stop gun violence, to stop our children from dying at school. #enoughisenough #neveragain #icallBS #marchforourlives #portmansbadgeofshame
Hey Rob. I’d like you to shuffle your priorities a bit and get some gun control legislation moving through. Sex trafficking and the opioid crisis need attention, but so do murdered children and adults. You’re on the clock...
And never hold big pharma accountable for starting profitable epidemic in the first place!
Fentanyl isn’t killing our kids while they are at school Rob. What do you have to say about AR-15’s? Do you think they should be on the streets? Do you think Congress can act? Our kids want to be safe. What do you think?
Cars kill more teens.
Yet you need training and a license to drive one.
So?
It seems that any idiot can buy a gun in the US.
Guns were the leading cause of death for Carmen, her classmates and her teachers. #enoughisenough #neveragain #icallBS #marchforourlives #portmansbadgeofshame
Where does gun violence rank? Oh, who cares right?
#BrokenRecord #BrokenRecord #BrokenRecord #BrokenRecord
He should end every tweet with ‘The NRA has endorsed this message’.
Or, "The NRA has bought my vote."
Right now in DC teenagers are staging a lie in to protest school shootings & all you’ve done is offer your “thoughts & prayers” while you collect 3 million of #NRABloodMoney  get off your ass. #GunReformNow #NRAOwnsGOP #NeverAgain #ParklandSchoolShooting #resist #OustPortman
as usual you're full of shit Bobby, heart disease is the leading cause of death in Ohio
@senrobportman is not the brightest bulb in the box.
Guns are up there too, but easy to sweep dead children under the rug for that sweet $3 million the NRA bribes you with
What do you do with that $3million Rob? Ohio has the right to know what you buy with the blood money you take for selling the lives of our children.
When big pharma is in your pockets, and then you realize there's an epidemic of pharmaceutical addiction- and then cut them off - of course you're going to see people going to the streets. You're really inept at your job Rob
There are students protesting in DC right now, please address this now.
China/Russia weapon of choice!
I heard fentanyl went into a school and murdered 17 children. Oh whoops, no, it was an NRA-sponsored AR-15-toting white boy.
Quid pro quo. Oldest transaction in the world.
