Alternative Facts = Lies. Someone tell Trump.
Didn't your mama teach you if you can't say anything nice then don't say it at all ? He is the best since Regan. U on the other hand are a libitard in denial .
Not just only not to say anything bad, but the main thing was not yo lie!
Jerk, learn how to spell !!
We have so many problems; North Korea, Threats from Putin, Russia meddling in US Elections, Resignations of Presidential advisors, Kushner security clearance and loans, Ivanka's business dealings, DACA/Immigration and School shootings / NRA and our President is more concerned
He's fixing all of that !! Look what he's doing with No Korea !
No prez ever has had the b--ls to go there to talk to that punk?When was the last time you've heard of them shooting one of those things that Obama and Clinton gave millions 4 them to stop ?! Morons
on him about to get him out of office.  Why did he try to hire a impeachment lawyer and no one will take his case, because its not worth it and there time.  Go ahead and agree with everything that he says or do.  He's a liar and a cheat.  Do not reply back, because you are not
Why do you keep answering me if I’m not worth your time !! Like all libetards, you have to have the last word and HAVE to have everyone thinking like U and agreeing with U 2 !! Geez, you’re all so infuriating. Like Hilary

You mean he brainwashed his supporters with lies. All they have to do is google the facts to understand what a fool they helped elect and how they will soon suffer from the consequences of his actions.
Do you believe POTUS did all this Because you said it or because you can prove it?  We have yet to see anything except his launching of insults to anyone who challenges him.  Wake up!!

CALLING ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS - STAND TALL, STAND STRONG, REMAIN RESOLUTE, BE PATIENT HAVE FAITH - GOD IS ON OUR SIDE - DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT BUT THERE IS STILL MUCH WORK TO BE DONE - TO RENEW YOUR FAITH- Read "TRUMP KEEPING THE DREAM ALIVE" & RT
And Conor Lamb just took PA! Blue wave Fox News!
Boarder patrol .
Announces new Trump bartering system

And aution house
WHY I like YOU and DJT, very much... from Churchill: "Diplomacy is the art of telling people to go to hell in such a way that they ask for directions"...."However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results"...."Fear is a reaction, courage is a decision"
Hey Fox any words on Stormy Daniels? Kellyanne? The Russia investigation? When is Trump releasing hisTaxes? Hope Hicks? Gary Cohn? Chaos in the White House?

its not about bias its just about standing with the facts, integrity, having a moral and social conscience When someone is destroying your country, dividing your citizens, lying to your face and acting like a dictator above the law you have a duty to stand against all of that.
Trump took the most simple, basic approach...AMERICA FIRST, made it his platform, and rode it right into the White House. Brilliant!
Yeah he’s brilliant only because his supporters are ignorant! Guess whose paying for the wall ...oh and that better cheaper healthcare... not happening...youve been conned by a brilliant moron.
...campaign, claimed Trump was leading the world toward nuclear war. “Indeed, the United States is set on a course towards nuclear war by refusing to accept that [North] Korea has become a nuclear power,” Soros said.
“Clearly I consider the Trump administration a danger to the world,” Soros said. “But I regard it as a purely temporary phenomenon that will disappear in 2020 or even sooner.” Soros, still upset he donated more than $30 million to Hillary Clinton’s failed 2016 presidential....

#FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway @KellyannePolls #KellyanneConway @POTUS
The only immigration problem the United States has is it does not have ENOUGH net immigration.  Don't build a wall.  Spend that money on subsidized programs designed to bring the next Albert Einstein or Levi Strauss or the next parents of people like Walt Disney and Steve Jobs.


For every ounce of truth there's Ten Pounds of BULLSHIT!!!!!
AT least kellyaint makes Hillary look pretty.
Hatch who? Bless you.

#needmorerepublicans2018 #supportKellyAnneunderattackbyleftanarchists #leftwantssanctuarynationnoruleoflaw  TrumpKellyAnneMAGA
Kellyanne Conway found to have violated Hatch Act White House counselor Kellyanne 
Conway
violated the Hatch Act on two occasions, the Office of Special Counsel (OSC) informed the Trump administration Tuesday
He's doing a great job! Wish the haters would go away like they said they would !!
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
“He has delivered on a record amount of promises for a political candidate”



I feel so sorry for the people who actually listen to you guys.
Yep, you are right ! Libtards in denial their fair Hilary didn't win, thank the good Lord  !!
Bless you darling. 

Enjoy the facts as they unfold to such an extent that even you will have difficulty denying them. 
On the contrary love.... Hilary lost !! Deal with it !! She would have had us eating out the hands of Isis and the likes of those animals . She owns them and loves them like Obama kissed ass with them !! Geez. !

He stoked the fires of bigotry, yes. You are proud of that. Great.
Why do you say that? U must B a hater, libitard !!
That little tax cut or bonus didn’t do jack for the middle class. $1000 Trump made that man make a fool out of himself saying he was going to use his $1000 to buy a house & start a family! 
you don't get it, libitard
@washingtonpost @npr @medicare @potuspress @gop I cannot tweet @potus What is Trumpcare-Medicare? I got an email asking me about signing up with a link. Is it Medicare or some kind of Trump healthcare business? I am confused!
TRUE! lets remember that even the Heavens have Golden Gates!...
G-D bless Trump
More evidence of how low America is sinking and at warp speed under #PresidentSquidBrain
You will be caught in his web of lies and he will throw all of you under the bus as he’s doing to his beloved children. He is a pathological liar. #chaos
How about some election security ?
.we will all forget and pretty soon this administration,  it is simply a bad Russian cloud over our Capital.
Come on Faux News.   Trump is an imbecile.



Ppl like me had such hope, now we are so dispirited.Keep allowing the open borders, CoC GOP &the progressive dems colluding w/ the media to set the agenda & see the disaster in November. I’m tired of the phony Russian inv, the obstructionist GOPe, & the gun grabbers. An ex dem

All Evil Will Be Revealed! All the Wicked Will Be Amazed! Nothing Is Hidden, Soon All Will Be Revealed!
Carl Sagan No One understand science & technology, combustible mixtures ignorance & power sooner or later is going to blow up in our faces.
All that boastfulness about strategy, & yet the suggestion of ill-gotten gain is springing up like so many toadstools on a humid morning.
Federal officials reportedly knew by January 2017 that Russians probed voter systems in Illinois, Texas, Alaska, Arizona, California, Florida, and Wisconsin. 
http://bit.ly/2FelrtI 
Absolutely. Thank God for President Trump
For all of it to implode sooner or later.#Keep the Rich Rich!
U r going to go down n history as one of the biggest liars n history. History won't forget all the Lies u have told to prop up the Lyingest president n history.
Non stop madness- government on steriods:
Kellyanne, has President Trump forget us, Angel Mom's and Dad's? Has our children killed by illegals been forgotten? As a resident of California I feel I should stand with President Trump at the Border. I fought for him, spoke at his rallies & support him. Feeling heartbroken.
#leatherface How much makeup are you wearing!
Pravda?
Has anyone considered helping out Cyntoia Brown?
people who watch fox hate brown people, so they probably haven't :(
They make for Thorazine for people who have delusions. Maybe you should look into it.

Lawsuit alleges a 7-year-old girl was taken from her mother "screaming and crying" just days after the pair came to the U.S. seeking asylum. Mother and daughter are now at detention facilities 2,000 miles apart. http://apne.ws/NDoGRzI 
FAKE news!!!!!!
“Fairness” 
Obviously ignorance is popular amongst conservatives!
What a bunch of HS.  Trump has done nothing but create a mess.  Corp get big tax breaks & little people get a bone. Protections gone etc
The scrag kelly and Don the Con. Who dresses you Kelly and The Con Don, you’re barber or Buff & Shine Boy is ? Your both disgusting
Kellyanne had great things to say about Gates now she doesn’t really know him. I guess he was another coffee boy.

Her favorite tactic - deflect.
Only the real sensible people see the correctiveness of a great leader as President Trump.
35% Approval .........:) :) lol lol lol LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL        MORON!
well, too bad ya'll suck at fairness and equality
Kellyanne, the president wanting to add 25 cents a gallon gas tax. Tell president Trump it’s a no starter. It will cost me. For my work I use 60+ gallons a week, on a 49,000 annual income. U WILL loose my support. Public transit not available. Also start charging the public
Use the fare that truly covers their cost to transport. I do not wish to subsidize someone else’s ride with my gas money, like the local trolly at $75 million for 1 1/2 miles of track and they get to ride on the honor system. And u want to tax me????
#MAGA #Trumprocks
FACT: "Trump’s approval rating did crack 50 percent in one outlier poll that heavily favors Republicans. But a brand-new CNN poll shows Trump’s approval matching his historic low of 35 percent. And his average approval among nine polls is 42.2 percent, including that one outlier.
35%
Trumps Bitch
Trump rocks in insane asylum.  Next stop for his permanent residency.
Deport @FLOTUS' parents. End chain migration. @GOP are hypocrites.
ألقِ نظرة على تغريدة @HadiAlabdallah:
Assad and Russia are implementing the joke of the UNSC's "humanitarian ceasefire" with chemical weapons. 
Yep talking about all that while making us weaker in each of those areas
Jealousy is not becoming. Great job Kellyanne!
Looks like your enjoying this @KellyannePolls
https://shareblue.com/kellyanne-conway-trump-united-states-standing-world/ …
Pure comedy.
Right. Our saviour. The money laundering, tax dodging, con artist that doesnt pay his bills and assault women and girls. Thats so much just like Jesus too. That explains the evangelical "values" voters. Pathetic.
Of course, she's on FOX!
You forgot sexual abuse, rape, pedophilia, adultery...etc
Trump also took racism, sexual assault/harassment, bigotry, xenophobia and catapulted them into American consciousness by displaying each issue multiple times through his actions, comments and tweets.
No, that would be your media's propaganda.  More money coming in to my household, economy's doing great, and we couldn't be happier!
More lies, brought to you from Kellyanne Goebbels.
This just in: 

http://news.gallup.com/poll/225761/world-approval-leadership-drops-new-low.aspx …

#StormyTimesForTrump

#TheWorldIsLaughing

@POTUS
TRUMP 
T. is owned by the @NRA. It is long overdue that the NRA be shut down because of their refusal to put lives ahead of guns. #NRABloodOnYourHands #NeverAgain
Shit! The #CPAC crowd would cheer for #Trump taking a crap on the White House Lawn or the Koch Brothers going commando The last thing these bigots want are fairness, human rights, fair taxes, ANYTHING for the middle class. Any questions?
Tourism here is down BILLIONS, that’s with a B. Every European nation has travel warnings re: the US because there are mass shootings every other day. I have to lie about my citizenship when I engage in foreign travel. So no, tRump is NOT improving our image.
What a bunch of crap the man cannot speak
America First
Nationalism means the death of Capitalism. Just fyi.
More crap from Kellyanne Congame!
END CHAIN MIGRATION. Deport @FLOTUS' parents.
Dumbasses. How many school shooting caused by hispanics coming North?
Mexico will pay for the wall, right? The NRAGOP wouldn't lie, right?

Kellyanne have you been day drinking again?
@Congress The only place where DJT's global influence has improved is up your butt! Reality check is needed. If you are truly his counselor, you would council him to improve the way he interacts with world leaders. He showed ultra hubris & disrespect with the Pres. of Mexico!


45 is the KING of FAKE NEWS.  Lowest approval polls in history. Worse president in American history.  America is not stupid
11/LISTEN UP PEOPLE. TRUMP CAN NOT MAKE MEXICO PAY FOR USELESS BORDER WALL. IF MEXICO HAD BUILDING IN US AND A WALL WAS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE PUBLIC FROM SOMETHINTG, THEN TRUMP COULD MAKE THEM BUILD A WALL TO KEEP THAT BUILDING. TRUMP KNEW MEXICO NOT MAKE PAY. TAXPAYERS PAY
10/qualify for. video trump indicating he knew Mexico not pay for wall, asking Mexico Pres. not say Mexico not pay for wall. Mexico agreed as long as trump understood Mexico not pay for useless wall. now trump/sanders say Mexico pay for wall. Mexico terminated schedused US visit
9/coal workers are angry at trump because the jobs he promised in coal never happened. trump should have offered training in new tech jobs, new energy jobs, etc. but he did not. he just point a finger at another group and accuse them of taking jobs Americans did not want or
#Impeach @realDonaldTrump #Treason with #Russia

@StormyDaniels @karenmcdougal98

@VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @RepDevinNunes @SenTomCotton @SenRonJohnson @RepMcClintock @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @NRA @GOP #MAGA @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump #Trump @PressSec

#resist
8/a job is open when an immigrant applies for it then no one wanted that job or was not qualified for it.  Immigrants coming here must have a high school diploma and two years of work experience in one of the required fields listed for immigration. Prosperity? Coal is gone.
7/ trump always saying he's helping DACA because dems have forgotten about them. Liar. trump went around 9th Circuit Court to the Supreme Court to ask that rules applying to DACA be eased so government can deport them in March. these people are not taking jobs from Americans. if
6/more crime is committed in America by citizens than illegals. MS-13? Americans. drugs? there are 3 Asian sites on line that sell oipiods openly, not to mention those by Americans on social media. people come here on visas every day and do not leave when the visa expires.
5/food each month. this is his offer to those he claim to love and respect. trump loves  self and respects no one. a high stepping parade is not a sign of strength. it is a sign of fear. look at those who escape when they can. border safety? another thing to frighten base.
4/ trump is wanting a dictator's parade like those in Russia and china. trump has done nothing to deserve a parade. he refused military 5 times and is not giving military families an increase in wages, but is cutting their food stamps, or as a conservative suggested one box of
How to convince the high school kids from parkland that you care about their safety
3/trillion dollars trump borrowed in order to give what he said to friends at his home, I've made you richer. he did. he really did. there is nothing wrong with America's strength. trump is use to having something to hold over someone's head in order to control them he is

3/to outsource. remember that iota of a weekly increase in base income in nothing compared to the weekly millions trump wealthy friends will get each week, plus, whatever the so called middle class received will vanish in 4 R 5 yrs. then they start paying for wealthy and
2/trump hire only foreign temps. ask pence about jobs outsourced while trump was in IN talking about saving jobs. those jobs went to Mexico +200+more. ask trump about the little something in his lavish tax break for the wealthy that gave financial incentives to companies
1/trump use illegal immigration to scare base. most illegals come by  visas. trade? trump increased amt of merchandise china send America after china give trump dau exclusive rights 2 closed mkt. & entry Alaska infrastructure through gas project. American jobs. trump does not
DEBT IS NOT A TOOL. IT IS A TRAP.
Kelly the dress you had on, looks very nice on you, its a good color for you. Also want to thank you for all the great hard work you are doing for us. You are a great example of a American citizen and person
So r u her mama, sister, daddy or is that u Ivanka???
AND HE TOOK US  INTO DEBT TO DO SO!!!
NOT GOOD FOR ECONOMY!!!

DR & MRS MIKE MURDOCK 
MMM
Another joke from @FoxNews and @KellyannePolls  they just keep it coming...
How do you keep a straight face, Kellyanne?
So is that suppose to impress me. What Trump says and what he does are two different things. If you don't stand and clap for him he gets upset. He like a child that lost his lollipop.
Does she spit or swallow with trump
Amazing. I’ve never heard any politician before Drumpf talk about immigration, jobs and security.
Go Trump
Don’t forget treason; he brought that into the public consciousness as well. Oh, and Stormy. Can’t leave out Stormy.
I got to give credit to Trump. He gets his dick sucked more then any man on the planet. Fox news should carry a XXX rating.
My guess is that is why they changed from "Fair and Balanced " to  "your #1, 24hr #TrumpHumping #LapDog Network"

And he’s keeping his word.
If cadet bone spurs wants a military parade let him pay for it at all he’s always boasting how Rich he is or maybe just get some of his billionaire buddies in his administration to pay For The parade



It may be easier just to.say that he seems to be the first president in decades who truly cares about us, and not lining his pockets!
sure did and the future of our Country He mighttry to put Putin in his Cabinet or one of his spies
Lol "fairness"
Pull the money from scantuary cities and build the wall stop ice from helping in California let them communists deal with the problems they created
