Lucas Warren has been selected as the 2018 Gerber baby, marking the first time in history that a baby with Down syndrome has been chosen for the role. http://abcn.ws/2EOT1Ed  
My niece is Downs what a joy!!!  She is 11 now, Downs children are ALWAYS happy, they don't know race, prejudice, hate. They only know love and know what it means to be hurt. Down children are angles sent from God to etch how to have patience, happiness/ Love the New Gerber Baby!
I like your sentiment but saying people with Down syndrome are always happy is ridiculous. They are the same as every other person and have all the same moods and feelings you'd expect. Happy, sad, mad, proud, etc...
Coming from an obviously unhappy snowflake.
Seriously? You're not saying that to me, are you? @RedStRising
Absolutely!! Grumpy libs need to be put in their place...
Forgive me for not giving a shit about your bio. Attempting to demean how wonderful a Down Syndrome child seemed like a typical far-left response. People like you give conservatives a bad rap when tweeting before thinking. Now move along sport.
Nice to read something sweet and positive lately...
Wow!!! Gerber captured your likeness.  You know I would never had suspected "downs".  How's  that for family heritage.  J---rod & lil---don jr. must be proud, but dad must be sad.  I will bet he is the source of the extra 23rd chromosome, oh well, thats lil---don.
 Such a cutie!!!!
Well then, back to work dismantling services for people with disabilities.
Planned Parenthood Banked $20 Million From Killing Unborn Babies – How They Plan To Spend That Money Will Make You Wretch. That list has narrowed to eight states: Arizona, Florida, Michigan, Minnesota, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. .
He’s so precious!
You have some nerve- I can see your dad mocking this kid already- Instead if posting cute pics talk to your dad about his behavior
You and your family are so loving and generous. Loved it when your dad called Marlee Matlin retarded and mocked the handicapped reporter.
I'm sorry . All babys are beautiful but that baby? Creepy.
You’re a CUNNTTTTTT
Congrats Eric, looks just like you !  Lucas Trump for prez 2020
Perfect mascot for the homosexual community
too bad your dad is going to cut SS benefits to these children.  Bet you didn't know that did you?  SSI

https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
Sorry to say I’m superstitious and no matter how sweet that baby is I wouldn’t be able to feed my baby  with this label on the jar.
Sorry that your son was born with Down syndrome.

I adore this....
Bless him ! He's a Gift from God.
Didn't you say that your sister would not tolerate a man sexually  harassing her? She'd just cry DADDDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY. And he'd sic his mafia friends to make the guy disapear.
Almost made me wish I still had  babies around here! But then them diapers and teenage years just reminded me No, No Been there done that!
President Trump, stay on this course in opposition to what YOU PROMISED and you've lost my vote: http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/02/09/steve-bannon-terrible-betrayal-trump-offer-path-citizenship-sotu/ … #RepresentativeGovernment #NoDACA
No worries Bill, he lost a lot of votes, and if trumpet makes it to next election, ur 1 vote will not matter, cuz he won't even come close next time!  #americagetssmart2020
@KellyannePolls  <--once again shows her ignorance by retweeting this tweet from Eric.  You both realize the cuts to SS SSI Medicaid will affect these down syndrome kids right?  Stupid asses both of you.
Such a precious baby
Hey @EricTrump has @realDonaldTrump done his mocking impression of the new Gerber baby yet?
Coming from a family of marines  God bless our military, I had to get that in
Bye
With cuts to programs for the disabled what Chance does this cute kid have under the Trump Regime.
Let’s hope his parents are rich, otherwise the Trump Crime Family’s plan to decimate medicare and medicaid could very well be his death sentence.
The little kid is as cute as a bug.
WAY TO GO LUCAS!!!!!
Kellyanne , you’re a disgrace.
Too bad you want to yank healthcare and needed services from him and his family to give yourself a larger tax break.
The reason Jared Kushner doesn't have full security clearance is the same reason Porter didn't. There is something in his past that is preventing him from having full clearance. I want to know what it is.
Same bald spot! #fakehair
That is so cool Lucas is so cute
I'm a serious liberal but Kellyanne Conway became a woman,a human being, a mensch the other day re her comments on the Rob Porter affair. RESPECT.
You mean when her response to 45 giving him a pass was to remind women that underemployment for women has went down? Unfortunately most employers don't like their employees showing up to work with 2 black eyes.
Well maybe your dad won't use the word "retard" any more!
Suck up get a grip be a woman a real woman and tell him he is wrong defending those men .. Obviously u defend them to .. I guess u like to get beaten as well .
Comercial Vermox Plus, "Están Vivas", 2010. https://youtu.be/ud3oUtTI8wg  #KIDS in TENNESSEE DESERVE VERMOX #OTCOUNTER NOW ! Comercial Vermox Plus, "Están Vivas", 2010.
way to go eric, that is what is important
Eric “Dumb-As-A-Rock” Trump and Kellyanne Conartist are top ranked deplorables.
His tweet was just being nice. Save the outrage for when he’s being political. Your response makes you look petty.
He doesn’t give a  about ABC or Gerber. His tweet is a form of political propaganda used to bolster public support. Looks like he got you.
Democrats would have had him forcibly aborted if they had their way. White, male, genetic disorder? Three strikes, kid.
Really!
Why does anyone talk to Kelluanne conway she's a spanner.  She's no good for anyone.
People that tweet in response to this do not make this about politics Shame on you! This Child is a Blessing from God And we are all better people because of the Beautiful children that touch our lives!God Bless this Beautiful Child!
You are unbelievably disingenuous. You have no affection of compassion for children, nor does your family.
IT WOULD HELP THE NARRATIVE IN DC IF AMERICAN WOMAN ENTREPRENEURS WERE FINANCIALLY VALIDATED AND INVESTED IN ITS LONG LONG OVER DUE WE ONLY GET 3% OF VC CAP THE MARKET IS WAY WAY UP CUT LOSE SOME OF THOSE BILLIONS AND GIVE IT TO THE WOMEN TO MAKE NEW COMPANIES AND JOBS! DO IT!
Voicing my support for keeping #kratom on the market. The tea is saving lives and breaking deadly addiction cycles. It really is a blessing. I personally helped a friend of 40 years switch to #kratom from huge amounts of oxycodoe and oxytocin she has been on for 30 years. Freedom
She has her life back. Many people do. It also treats alcoholism. 
Leave people alone to this tea. We have enough health & safety regulations. We are adults. 
No deaths are linked to #kratom, none. Hands off #FDA.
Beautiful baby
Trump supports men who abuse women. Trump abuses women and his family condones it. Vote the @GOP out.
Abort that piece of shit asap. who is paying for insurance ?
By now when you bring on air that fog machine named Kellyanne — because that's who they offered — you are committing a hostile act against your viewers' understanding in order to protect your own professional conceit of even-handedness. @ThisWeekABC
Ha ha!!! Like you care... What do you think about your dad canceling insurance on a nephew who was sick, just to be spiteful?
You’re a lying sack of shit!
Do you tell your kids you lie effortlessly for money and fame on a daily basis? Such a role model my kids don't need!
How much $ went to this cause and how much to your personal needs?
Is that a pic of @DonaldJTrumpJr as a baby?
@EricTrump your bro @DonaldJTrumpJr always looks like he got Down syndrome or something: guessing he ain’t the smartest one in the family? I’d venture to say Barron carries on a more philosophical convo
Yes I agree so cute...
@KellyannePolls can you please explain to America why the FBI held up Rob Porter's security clearance for over a year?
The White House decides who gets clearance after getting the information collected by the FBI! The FBI gave the information to McGahn the White House legal counsel a year ago!
So precious!
"... AND I'M ERIC!"

Kellyanne will NEVER regain her reputation after whoring for Donald Trump. More sad is that the video evidence of her whoring will haunt her children for decades.
Of course, tweeting sympathy for your buddy Rob Porter’s victims will never happen. You’re a soulless vampire.
@KellyannePolls Nailed it!
Do you have A.D.D.? Seems you cant stick to the subject at hand so was just wondering
When I was  young nurse (many moons ago) cared for downs syndrome kids....sweetest babies ever. Blessings too many pregnant moms being advised to abort.
cute actuary

We remember
LOL! You are in the White House for power! And yes Trump is a sexual harasser! And quit with the BS!

You might want to read this from St Judes before continuing to be so uninformed>
Why does your father hide Baron? He should be hiding you.
Sad that your daddy wants to dismantle group homes and businesses for handicap individuals and get rid of Meals on Wheels!
Beautiful boy indeed. Too bad he has to start his life out with your father reducing his health benefits, decreasing his quality of life instead of increasing it
Awesome!
He looks like a typical Gerber baby! Absolutely beautiful little guy.
@EricTrump @realDonaldTrump @funder
This baby’s just fills your heart with joy. That joy has to be straight from god.
Good job indeed! But remember, children like this need #healthcare The same healthcare that @realdonaldtrump is trying to strip away from millions. #specialneeds He's a beautiful boy that should never have to worry about coverage! @gop #goptaxscam  Think!! #nobrainer
Exactly! Saying they’re a gift is not enough. They need & will need the healthcare that is being stripped away from them. This is talking out of both sides of the mouth.
Congrats, Lucas!!!!!!!
Speaking of babies with trisomy of the 21st....
What is realistic? what is reality? President has gotten all of you all lost in his sauce and it is sad You all don't know what the truth is anymore REALLY ALL of you come on TV and make yourself look like a fool for what a LIER 2500 LIES REALLY
What a beautifully...I just want to hug this sweet baby.
That's right such a little cutie !!

Special precious child of God. He will touch the hearts of many with that sweet smile. Would love to give him a hug.

He is cute
Just plain awesome
Cute cute such happy little guy. He will be great I can see personality all over that cute little face

It’s awesome that another door has been opened toward accepting those born with an extra chromosome that makes them extra special #DownSyndromeAwareness #DownRightPerfect
In THIS we totally agree!  Beautiful boy, Lucas!
Beautiful 
Hey look at that, more people fre your joke of father to imitate and strip rights away from.
Perfect choice! Beautiful, happy baby!
I lile the snl eric so much more.
Very happy about this!!! Go Lucas!
Love This
Absolutely adorable
@CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump 
Beautiful!!!!!!
Downs babies are no different than any other baby. My sweetheart is 7 going on 8 and steals my heart every second of every day!
That is so beautiful.  These children are demonstrations of God's pure love.  If we love them as He does, God will easily accept us into his eternal Kingdom.  Of course, Democrats prefer to abort them.
A dying breed. Literally. #plannedparenthood
Adorable!!!

@realDonaldTrump stewing over his girl Hope dating another man, Spouse abuser Rob Porter!

John Kelly has some very bizarre notions of character.  

The man, Todd Shane Tomko, was later arrested on 7 felony warrants of indecent liberties with a child.

…
Just remember Planned parenthood would rather have babies with down syndrome killed than have a life. Good on you Gerber!
He's a cute baby
That’s wonderful!!! He’s a beautiful baby boy!!!
As it should be ... “babies”, nothing but sincere love and trust for US.
That face is pure joy God Bless
What a beautiful baby.
Are you trying to trick us into thinking you're not a horrible person?
How can woman continue to work for this administration that lies constantly to the American people and allows a domestic violence perpetrator to work in the WH then lies about it to cover up there incompetence? https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/kelly-offers-account-of-porter-exit-that-some-white-house-aides-consider-untrue/2018/02/09/119feb7e-0db1-11e8-95a5-c396801049ef_story.html?hpid=hp_no-name_hp-breaking-news%3Apage%2Fbreaking-news-bar&utm_term=.1b20f6a42db6 …
What a wonderful gift from God
This little one lives about 20 minutes from me!  So proud that they chose him. 
It's about time. They're God's children also...
Everyone should support Gerber for a job well done!  Purchase items and donate them to families and facilities in need to show your support!!  Now that’s American!

John Kelly's defense of Rob Porter is not an anomaly. Not long ago, he served as a character witness for a former marine who was accused of sexual misconduct against female subordinates — and who was later arrested…
Value and dignity demonstrated....hats off to you Gerber!
Congrats from you is such an empty cut

Looks like a happy kid to me.
Eric will find a way to set up a phony foundation, then take this poor child's money.
Yes, we are all God's children
Congratulations Lucas!
Love that smile :)
Hear hear
This is exactly how we become more inclusive. Congrats Gerber and I won’t complain by saying “it’s about f”@&:ng time!
Funny since your dad @realDonaldTrump makes fun of disabled people
What a cutie!
Congrats Lucas. What I beautiful smile. 

Eric are you sure your name is Trump, you must take after you Mom. You are kind and caring

