
Along with the insurance companies who prefer to pay for pills than any alternative treatment.
You can thank your donors at big Pharma for all of this
And the insurance companies who prefer pills over any alternative
Colossians 3:16
Let the #word of #Christ #dwell in you richly in all #wisdom, #teaching and admonishing one another in #psalms and #hymns and #spiritual #songs, singing with #grace in your #hearts to the #Lord.
Titus 3:1-2
Remind them to be subject to #rulers and #authorities, to obey, to be ready for every good #work, to speak #evil of no one, to be #peaceable, gentle, showing all #humility to all #men.
STOP the empty words!  How many stories do you need to hear?  Implement a plan, and fund it!  Period!  
They have a plan.  It's called the wall.  Cut off supply chains.
Get real.  Funny how everything Trump depends on a wall.  I seem to recall other ways to enter the U.S.A., by flying, driving, or via cargo ships.  Further, how will a wall stop doctors from prescribing pain pills?  
They killed themselves in most cases after choosing to abuse drugs. Personal responsibility and healthy shame will do more to prevent future tragedies than turning drug addicts into a victim class.
"healthy shame"?

*checks bio*

Ahh.. religious nut. Checks out.
Try reading a little psychology instead. You need it.
You first.
...and research in to better non-narcotic and non-addictive pain relief solutions
There's no other solutions for people like me that have used opioids for over a decade at a low dose
....but killed less then tobacco and alcohol.  While I agree we need to combat the opioid epidemic, I’ve seen scores dying from years of tobacco and alcohol use and naloxone doesn’t bring them back. #lobbying

The 15 Most Addicted Cities Behind the $8 Billion Opiate Epidemic
Watch: Ronald Reagan and his ‘War on Drugs’ – Timeline
The Private Prison Industry Backed Trump—Now He’s Paying It Back
These four countries prove decriminalization works better than prohibition
Portugal decriminalised drugs 14 years ago – and now hardly anyone dies from overdosing | The Independent
I don’t believe these 4 countries have a for-profit prison system that relies heavily on drug arrests/convictions to keep this multibillion$ industry going (so they can continue to donate millions to mostly Republican politicians).
Try regulating Big Pharma. Oh wait, Big Pharma pays GOP lots of money to let them do what they want.
I mean, “football captains” and “stay at home moms” ?? Talk about privileged examples!!
You pick up drugs at the drug store computer you get drugs from a doctor in an office or emergency room computers does anyone ever check to see how many prescriptions for opioids you got that week social security number identification anyone look? No
Actually, there is such a database currently in use.
90% of opioids are misused by only 10% of people. Why not tell the stories of the 90% who aren't addicts instead of trying to say they also are addicts?
If you cared we would have separate numbers and prevention goals for heroin, Chinese fentanyl and prescription drugs. They all come in differently and are abused differently. Instead, you cut port screening and security, the source of fentanyl. You don’t care at all.
Trump doesn’t even take care of his own family he damn sure won’t look after yours.
So... build a wall? Start trade war with China? Oh yeah... show us your taxes!
Guys and Girls in expensive suits with 6 or 8 year degrees 
CANT HELP Addicts....!!!
The ONLY people who can help those with opiate addictions are those who(walked the walk)
Throwing money at this mess
Does very Little...
That is not correct. In the end, only you can change your behavior. Those educated in human behavior can help provide strategies and tactics. Addicts often identify as victims which perpetuates dependency. If you want to be an addict, hang out with addicts.
Yeah,, I thought about your tweet... And after some thought
I agree with 50% of your tweet
I dont agree with your(" if you want to be an addict hang out with addicts") if that were the case Every councillor would be addicts.
The point there is birds of a feather flock together. ICYMI: Abraham Maslow’s Toward A Psychology of Being. No offense intended.
Yeah,, I got ya..
The best counselors for addicts are recovered addicts.. 
#OpiateCrisis...
#OpiateAddiction
Must be accepted B4 its treated
Wealthy folks in suits
Just cant help much
I hear you. Whatever works for you. If you are biased against “wealthy” people “in suits,” then you probably won’t learn anything they have to offer. Go with what works for you. I speak from my experience as a licensed counselor, including several years as addictions counselor.
Me?LoL
This conversation is about you &helping addicts=Im not sure if(you live in a bubble)
But next to NOTHING you&your colleagues in suits with big degrees=have helped99%of opiate addicts+Numbers dont lie 20yrs ago I could pick up a phone & call 30friends now there 6feet under
Speak for yourself. Have a good evening. Best wishes!
The more successful the war on opioid is, the less we will see of gun  violence.
Consult with the recovery community, please.
I guess you should have put more than $57,000 into combating addiction then, idiot

Meanwhile.. WE ARE STILL GETTING GUN REFORM
There is nothing you can do to stop the Will Of The People

There's no electoral college for you to hide behind when it comes to US demanding Progress
Gun reform is the will of the minority. Do not believe your left leaning statistics.
So you should believe the right leaning ones? If you look at all of them, the majority skew towards more regulation. Even FOX polls back more regulation by huge majorities.

We as a nation need to focus all our efforts on combatting this issue!
Big Pharma needs to STOP, dealers need to be accounted for! 8 souls from my little town in Canada so far this year, GONE! 
Perhaps you should take a look a the pharmaceutical companies....or Docs that give a months worth when a week would do.
Nobody in DC cared about drug deaths until they went “mainstream” and started affecting affluent white kids. There has been a drug crisis for decades but prior to now the answer was incarceration.
When it was an inner city issue affecting mainly black and brown people, addiction was considered a "failure of morals".

Now that heroin has hit main street, it's name has changed and addiction has become become a disease that MUST be cured.

Hypocrites.
1. Decriminalize Cannabis to reduce use of opioids and other prescription meds by up to 50% in some states.
2. GTFO of Afghanistan where US Army babysits 90% of world opium production (Root Cause!). Let Taliban eradicate industry (again).
3. Afghanistan--CIA--Sackler connection.
It was bad enough that you #MethBarbie work for a serial sexual assaulter, pedophile, criminal, liar, egotistical, misogynistic, narcissistic jerk but now he is responsible for the death of somebody living in Trump Tower because he chose to save money and not install sprinklers
Imagine if Eric started a small fire by playing with matches in Trump Tower and it spread out of control and somebody close to you didn’t make it out. Sprinklers would’ve helped… But that cheap bastard in the White House chose not to have them. #Greedy #Doesn’tSurpriseMe
@TrumpGolf Outright lying to America re: air strikes in Syria @Cabinet @PressSec @AP @USATODAY @cnnbrk @ABC @FBI @NBCNews @CBSThisMorning @CBSNews @gmanews @GMA @tedlieu @RepSwalwell @jahimes @MarkWarner @latimes @nytimes @AARP @CNN @NewsHour @Scavino45
Pentagon on the record now: “At this time, the Department of Defense is not conducting air strikes in Syria.  However, we continue to closely watch the situation & support the ongoing diplomatic efforts to hold those who use chemical weapons, in Syria and otherwise, accountable” …

Latest: senior administration official tells CNN reports from region claiming U.S. Tomahawk missiles have struck targets in #Syria are NOT true @barbarastarrcnn reporting
Legalize medical marijuana not one death from it
It's not theory. States that have legalized or decriminalized cannabis have seen amazing reductions in opiod use, overdoses and related crime! Not to mention it being available to treat many ailments like PTSD, cancer, seizures, Parkinson's and chronic pain.
This is an important issue but the government has a very poor track record on solving problems. Actually no track record.
This woman was incarcerated in withdrawl with ZERO medical aid. STOP JAILING ADDICTS! DEAD AFTER 5 DAYs of hell.HEROIN= grassroots terrorism
And let's not forget the people of Puerto Rico who died because America's leaders are all racist.
@WhiteHouse Good Morning staff and interns. Hope your having a nice weekend. Your doing a great job on the @realDonaldTrump @vp team. Prayers you and your families have a wonderful and safe day...God bless! 
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain


Explain why these united states soldiers are guarding poppy fields before harvest?
Well?
We are alone 50% tax no safety net but the 1 we need to use on  the #CrookedHillaryGang Of liars triple talkers bad trade dealers paid to play paid off to sell America out- follow the 20 trillion all cans lead to rich politicians No job no excuse for the riches #NumbersWontLie

My story ..the opposite, Need my meds just to have any quality of life at all.  Dx'ed with > 30 back, bone and chronic pain dxs.  Without pain meds  would not be able to get out of bed. PLEASE remember us who take our meds right, who's lives be hopeless without pain meds!
It’s only going to get worse as trump destroys America. More people without jobs and no hope for the future.
End the war on drugs and we can literally save everyone. Its literally the cause of all this misery and pain.
ILLICIT DRUGS!
Doctors should not directly benefit in any way from the prescribing of opioids or any other drug. Their salary or pay should be directly linked to their profession, not to drug distribution.
No reason to fear the opioid epidemic now that Trump is spending large sums of money to BUILD A MONUMENT!  That will most definitely protect our children from.... who the F are you kidding!!
Drugs are not for fun.  They are dangerous.  Do not take anything unless you absolutely have to even under doctors orders.   If you can tolerate the pain, go raw.   Never,ever ever as a partying tool!
LEGALIZE MARIJUANA, THESE PEOPLE NEED AN ALTERNATIVE. YOU CAN'T JUST QUIT EVERYTHING.
The United States and the world should not forget the Japanese liberation mission.

Japan is united with malice by the bodies.

It is an enemy united with the body.

Every Japanese citizen is an enemy 's military force.

Do not bother me and my fiance.

Kouichi Ecchyuya. Yukari
Mexican cartels have taken over. They give it to Americans to sell and distribute so they don't get caught. #buildthewall find those tunnels and blow them up
not a stigma, it is a REPEATED lifestyle choice, well before there is any addiction.
Thin the Death Threats Aimed at EPA Chief Pruitt coming from the Dems  & GOP Establishment because their Friends in the Drug Cartels, ISIS,  and Illegal Alien Corp's & Sex Slave Trades feel loss of Big Money because his job performance ??
Trump is like an opioid!
We call this a Lie In America and most people be in jail for such lies that put A Nation at risk sold out our jobs getting rich from insider trade deals - god knows what else no excuses for it #GoZeros Go all zero taxes on them wasted my life's work gave it to people who kill us
Being addicted must be horrible but the answer the doctors are forcing on people is horrible!Just because U   R in great pain from surgery or an affliction doesn’t mean U will get addicted!Stop the ignorance if person is in great pain dispense what is needed
So why is your AG going after States Rights & citizens who voted to legalize marijuana.  Marijuana which is known to help opioid addicts
The heavenly God said.

He said strongly.

The United States expressed the war with Japan to other countries of the world.

The United States wants to avoid the war with the home country of Kouichi Ecchyuya.

That is a mistake.

The United States must make the final fight.

K.E
To D. J. Trump President and the United States Government.

I have to finish my work again and communicate unhappily.

Attack of the Japanese nation started again from 7 hours ago.

I have attacked a woman named Kumagai as a representative.

Kouichi Ecchyuya.
End of additional message in United States government.

My work has ended.

I forgot tell important thing.

be listed here 

chieko waga is my important partners and fiancé.

is a leading role of this.

She fought a great fight among the enemies.

tell you it

kouichi Ecchyuya.
To The President Trump.

I entrust the future to the United States of justice and kindness and it ends all.

Thank you.

Kouichi Ecchyuya.
#中国 #China #习近平 南京钱宝案张小雷为自首准备三年，自首那天上午，钱旺集团子公司上海宝瞻实业有限公司跟南京若尔通用航空发展集团的官司胜诉。若尔航空总经理，吕勇，南京政协委员，判决价值几十亿老山直升机用地，十几套房产归钱旺，难道是高兴过头了，上午刚胜诉下午就跑过去自首庆祝一下？
PowerPrayers 
Looks like Trump Towers 
(NO SPRINKLERS) unsafe buildings &Trump's job performances  are putting more ppl at risk than opioids will ever....#DumpTrump
End of the day: “You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink.”
Mr. Trump The Syrians wish that the greatest state in the world, America, would be a response that is far more precious than the ink in which you write your decisions
If we really cared about the opioid epidemic, we would decriminalize addiction and get people the help they need with the saved $. This isn’t difficult.
Using the deaths of thousands to downplay gun violence. Stay classy WH. That's like comparing apples and iPads
Build a wall to keep out drug sellers
Just remember that this medicine was made for people like me that need it for pain with no other medical options.... opioids used for pain will not make you high it makes us feel normal.
Did #Putin cause the #TrumpTowerFire as a warning?

#DaddyPutinsLittleBitch
I'll vote in November to end the stigma of a GOP controlled Congress which gave HUGE tax cuts to wealthiest while simultaneously trying to destroy healthcare for tens of millions.
All those statistics and you still won’t legalize cannabis. The way I see it it’s because you (at the White House) are either for us or against is and based on the fact that you won’t do anything about prescription pain killers or legalizing cannabis I’m seeing you’re against us.
More last year than Vietnam war by 5000 people more specifically. How's that war in Afghanistan doing. Big pharma still sourcing perhaps? (Deaths from drugs in USA between 1999 -2016 = 632 331. ) You have a fg huge problem USA.  Sort it out pronto! !!!!!
The solution is simple. Universal health care. Pay doctors what they are worth by the success rate.  Pharmaceutical companies have to make drugs affordable. What is your tax returns saying?
You don't trust current government, but let's give them our healthcare money because they'll suddenly do the right thing? I don't get it.
YOU are
What a shame and what are we going to do about it as a country
It's all about the money Doctors drug companies and insurance companies how many billions have they made on opioids how many people have they killed they didn't get me I threw them in the trash I was one of the lucky ones
ВЗЯЛИ В РУКИ ЛЮБОЕ ОРУЖИЕ И ПОШЛИ ВОЕВАТЬ С ВАШИМИ ХОЗЯЕВАМИ ЕСЛИ ОНИ СДЕЛАЛИ ВАС РАБАМИ! ВПЕРЕД С БОГОМ! ЗА ЖИЗНЬ И МИР!
Let’s add guns to the discussion.
You’re going to push the end users to heroin! Keep your head about you- those using daily - responsibly- are the ones that are going to suffer here. Not fair!
So, I was just sitting there, and there were no opioids around, when out of the blue someone started shooting with an AR-15....
Oooooohhh... now you see  it's a damn CRISIS  ... so you get tax breaks & America struggles with a CRISIS... you're a shitty president 
Trump and his administration are killing us!
Legalize pot. Problem solved.
U have big pharma paying docs to over prescribe opioids what do u expect? It's all about $$ insurance n the next big addiction, now ppl with cronic pain have to fight n beg for their meds, it's beyond ridiculous here's a thought.. execute dealers
yes, but what are you doing?
I REJECT this White House response to #ThePeople call for ACTION!!!  Totally impotent.
You gave the professionals control, All FDA approved, and people have been harmed/killed ever since. Free Cannabis, lets us be herb healthy.
And what are you doing about it Whitehouse? Hey what are you doing about the multiple ‘infrastructure weeks’ you have had too?
And where medical marijuana is legal, the use of opioids drops dramatically.
Want to end the opioid crisis? Make medical marijuana legal for treatment of chronic pain.
Keep after it. We need to resolve this crisis.
liars lie
#youexpectUS2share
#onAGovtPlatform
#justKeepLaughing
@POTUS45____ 
#theyKnowIfIjustfarted

#vetswife #Shadowbanned #patriots 
#missionZero #22aday
#dreamon
If we took all the effort focused on cannabis and put it on better regulation of prescription pills with far stiffer consequences since it's literally stealing thousands of lives, I bet that might help....unless you see this as a sadistic form of population control .... ????
You all could probably be the ones to use the most education about addiction. your platform is fucking insulting to those of us who have lived in addictive addiction. Its flooring that you all think jail time and death penalties will fix it. what we need is funding for our rehabs
Perdue pharmaceuticals fault..
Absolutely ! very true ......
The story is your making it very difficult for people who need them to get them. But what's new. That's the way it is these days. Punish everyone for the stupidity of a few
same old tactics
past 40yrs WILL NOT HELP95%
Addicts=Like the same old politicians running4POTUS
would not help USA
Trump came along &hes getting it http://done.Im  NOT trying to brag or be boastful
But Id/be the DJT
to help addicts retrace to a time B4 #Opiate dependency
Ban all prescription opioids and their distribution, until the problem has been gotten back under control, with the exception of extreme injury where even then the application should be limited and strictly managed.
That is ridiculous, do you have any idea how that would impact people with chronic pain? There would be mass suicides.
What about the black community affected by crack cocaine? Our government just charged them with a crime and jailed them. Is it only a national crisis when it’s white people? #OpiodCrisis #hypocrisy
When you take drugs because your doctor gave you a fix (and got money from a pharma-enterprise).
You are mistaken. Abortion killed vastly more people. The real crisis is human sacrifice.
Maybe make Cars and Opiates Illegal and Marijuanna Legal (Nice plug for the NRA by the way)
To send people to jail doesn’t fix it. Getting help and assistance to those who WANT IT would be great. The rest, no matter what you do they will find a drug. Spend my money on those who need it
Ok I have an easy answer ban guns right? O my bad I hear the Democrats say it so much for anything that happens!
I have witnessed parents dragging their children as young as three years old. I could not find one agency, person, or organization would help. I can tell you where the opioid crisis begins.
Legalize medicinal marijuana and stop giving us OPIODS! As a Veteran who was handed Percocet from the Army at 19 yrs old. I do not suffer but that is only due to marijuana and PT and Humira. You are all to blame Pharmas! Your peeps
So you’re saying we should do something about gun violence? Or are you saying we should have a constitutional amendment protecting someone’s right to OD? I guess your gun violence deaths reference doesn’t make sense.
That screams of something gone really wrong in our homes and communities.  When the home is directed by a mother and father who have rules and morals things go better.  This is a breakdown in the home and society and schools.
It’s nice to know you care about doing SOMETHING about 2 out of the 3!
Just in case you’re not on lockdown...
Been fighting 40+ years. bad drugs.
Three words that will never win the war on drugs... build a wall and just say no.
Ww3 is going to kill us all! No war in Syria!
It doesn't discriminate ..its a killer ..its abuse has to be stopped or at least regulated for transparency and accountability...  the guilt of the the prescribers both legally and illegally has to be condemned as the abused itself..
And yet there are cities like Seattle that have “safe spaces” where people can get a clean needle and shoot up heroin without fear of being arrested? Why not put that money towards treatment instead?
Why should the people “ Belive let alone TRUST anything “ Yuou put out?? @realDonaldTrump  Lies @PressSec Lies @KellyannePolls Lies!!! Deny this FACT if you can
Don't have a story. I'm clean and always have been.  Opioid addiction is ridding us of so many government dependent unproductive people.  Not sure I want in on this fight.
@KellyannePolls 

Don't care....Darwin at WORK IMO
The house of trump
Bringing out the truth is good!!!  Specially when it hurt the Lefts agenda.
Stop the talk and tweets and act!
The communist democrats don't care they like their opioids
But the CDC admits that their prescription death numbers are false. The number they have been reporting is acually half or less than what tgey have been saying. Now, CDC refuses to take blame for chronic pain suicides and suffering. Horrible!!
The majority of pain killer addiction is started with legally prescribed medication .
So no matter what the weapon. Pill or gun. Ban them
So ban the pill but not the gun?
Opioids that kill are mostly pharmaceuticals NOT illegal Drugs 
And your solution: build a wall.
Yes, that’s why we have to hold pharmaceutical companies and doctors prescribing them, legally and judicially accountable!
U don't care about gun control. U have idiots talking opiod control. Why don't u get some experts involved instead of incompetent ignorant people? Guess u don't really care about opiods.
Protest: No Justice No Peace!!!! Thewizonodd
not sure it's the Opioids, as much as it is the addict, but hey...who am I? classic irresponsible nation.
Get Donald Trump Off Cocaine.
Build the Wall!
Be brave... @FeartheDeer.  "Anytime," you may turn in your prescription medications that you no longer use by going to the City of Milwauke Municipal Court or Police, District 2 through 7.  Don't be ashamed, be brave.  It's for proper disposal.
@KellyannePolls what about the people who'll suffer, that take there medications properly. Dr's aren't helping patient's now.
TrumpDeficit# @Cabinet @TrumpGolf @TeamTrump @USATODAY @AP @CNNnewsroom @ABC @NBCNews @JohnKingCNN @GloriaBorger @mkraju @Acosta @wolfblitzer @maddow @jaketapper @donlemon @AC360 @FoxBusiness @nytimes @tedlieu @RepSwalwell @RepJoeKennedy @GMA @AARP @cnnbrk
The CBO will release its economic and budget outlook report this week showing that the federal budget deficit will be at least $1,000,000,000,000 every year Trump is president. https://www.forbes.com/sites/stancollender/2018/04/08/trump-trillion-dollar-budget-deficits-officially-begin-this-week/2/#1e994ab11f66 …
Hands off Russia, hands off Syria!
Руки прочь от России, руки прочь от Сирии!
Weird, and they're not coming across the Mexican border.  They're killing Americans from INSIDE the country.  Maybe the national guard should be stationed at the drug makers headquarters.


Let's concentrate on these instead.
Ban all drugs thats the left's tesponse
Preventing Opioid abuse lies  w/ the prescribing doctors who pimp pills, blame the user. Pay attention to signs of drug abuse in patients. That is called being a real doctor. Monitor Chronic Pain "clinics" that push Opioids. Pain has a root cause-treat the cause of pain.
Let's do some investigating as to who is behind this crisis. Sadly, I believe that the US government plays a big role in this, get to the bottom of it.
States with legal weed have lower opioid death rates,what are we waiting for,lets give it a shot.
#sharingthestory does not solve the problem. It’s another #ThoughtsAndPrayers line not addressing the problem. And you can’t “build a wall” to stop the drug mules and doctors who continue to make and perscribe these drugs. #OpiodCrisis
Let's get out of Afghanistan and cut off the #Clowns supply chain into the USA?
#Coincidence everytime we send troops someplace we suddenly have a drug problem of a drug native to that area?
Sorry, it is/should be a stigma. Get yourself clean, in fact, stop doing th drug. Im sorry, no one forced them to do it.
So, by making opioids harder to get? Limiting the type and number of opiods available?

Here, have a gun though!
Trump tower killed one person and the lying orange fascist @realDonaldTrump has still said nothing to acknowledge his loss (apparently referred to him as a "crazy jew.") What a perfect metaphor for the unmitigated dumpster fire of a regime this is. #maga #presidencyforprofit
The Lord had me praying about this situation with opioids several years ago. He showed me what a lie and trap there are. I have been praying for this nation since.
Remember when @POTUS said he was going to fix healthcare? Yeah me too.
Newsflash, the Govt. won’t eliminate junkies. Substance abuse is largely a choice.
I wouldn’t share anything with this untrusting White House
But our #POTUS says (lies about) all the drugs coming across the border from Mexico 
Are you ready to take on Big Pharma? Provide more money for mental health? If not, you have no real desire to end the opioid crisis. Just talking about it doesn’t help! #BigPharma #OpioidEpidemic
CAN I SHARE MY STORY OF PAIN MEDICATION DENIAL BECAUSE OF THIS BULLSHIT!  GET THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF MEDICAL CARE!!!  EVERY ASPECT OF IT!!!
WRONG. ALTERNATE FACTS.
Funny how European Americans are affected by this and it becomes an epidemic that needs to be taken care of but when the Crack epidemic hit in the inner cities, everyone was locked up!!!
That's your excuse to do nothing about gun control?
And a wall is not the answer
I’m going to be the insensitive one here because I think it has to be said: I’m not interested in weak people complaining about their mistakes. Build the damn wall any way you can and stop the illegal hard drugs. Because this bull is keeping medication from those who need it.
You do know that cannabis *is* the solution to the opiate epidemic, right? A non-addictive analgesic that is less harmful to your organs than ibuprofen.
Good morning White House.
Burning poppy fields in Afghanistan & destroying drug labs is a good start!  Keep it up!
Fix the crisis by giving power to DEA to prosecute manufacturers and distributors.  Until then you are all lip service and what you say means two things...shit and nothing.
It's time to legalize marijuana and get these pharmaceuticals off the streets. Big pharma gets rich on prescribed medications that get us addicted. It needs to STOP.
clearly the answer here is that we need more good guys with pills to protect us from all the bad guys with pills.
What about alcohol?
Maybe you should completely deregulate it? Works for guns, right?
If only they used ice cream instead.

URGENT WHY ARE YOU ALLOWING ANOTHER AMERICAN PORT IN DELAWARE WILMINGTON TO BE SOLD TO? WHO? Please watch
Pharma is doing worse!
When is @POTUS going to put a stop to this travesty?
Crack down on the corruption involved, anything else is just words
How about we stop locking up the addicted and help them instead of throwing them in jail with murderers
How about taking away their Opioids, & their cars so they can't kill other people while driving, that way I can still have my protection(guns).
