Police, ICE would be in less danger if you fund THE WALL! Build the WALL!
I'm confused. I thought #Mexico was paying for the wall.
That's not what #Trump campaigned on. I know.....maybe if #Trump cancels his #military parade which is costing over $30 million dollars he can use that money for the wall.
If you keep the illegal immigrants out..and our tax dollars are no longer feeding them ect..the dam wall pays for its self!
Nothing brings out leftist bots like talk of securing boarders/requiring visitors/new citizens to enter the country legally. The left spent 8 yrs ignoring laws & making decisions based on feelings. You live in a sovereign constitutional republic cupcakes. Playtime is over #MAGA
Why not instead of wasting money on a wall that already has tunnels under it, instead we annex Mexico and take care of their criminal problem ourselves? Then we can use their resources to pay off the cost of annexing their country.
What pork is in the bill, not what we signed up for
Ryan wants President Trump out.  He’s a jealous POS. He knows Pence wouldn’t last.  Then guess who sits in the Oval... The snake Paul Ryan and the Democrats will be in charge. #PaulRyanIsASnake
Cannot trust #PaulRyan.
He Doesn’t Have A Backbone Like Trump To Stand Up To Pelosi And Schumer !

Gave Democrats There Best Fight For Upcoming Elections !

They Will Be Out There Taking Credit For Not Funding The Wall !

Why Is It Pelosi And Schumer Not In Control Of Anything And Still Get There Way !
You did these same tweets like 2-3 months ago.  WTF?
How about them getting what you are paid, they are actually doing something FOR our country.
Planned Parenthood deserves nothing. Remember that at confession.
Hey Paul Ryan and marco Rubio another school shooting another day the speaker of the house do absolutely nothing @marcorubio
#VetoOmnibus
Vote NO on the "Fix Nix" bill!!!!! Our veterans deserve better representation than they are getting on our Congress!!! #FixNix
You are a complicent trump psychopath. I bet you’re spinning this too ..vote @IronStache
They deserve what you get. You deserve minimum wage!
RETWEET IF YOU AGREE CONGRESS NEEDS TO BEGIN IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS ON TRUMP
Our men and women in the military do deserve a raise. But this bloated military budget deserves to be shrunk. We don't need airplane helmets that cost $650,000 a piece.
That is one example of the waste YOU are pushing
The HUGE funding they're claiming is for "the military" is really just a HUGE giveaway to defense contractors who fund their campaigns. It's a miniscule percent of that that actually goes to the military.
Ryan Yes Everybody but the Greedy Richman Feed the Evil lying Beast  Billionaire's Rules!!!
Yes the troops deserve a pay increase but NOT if it requires all of the OTHER PORK.  #stoptheinsanespending
Will it be more than #ABuckFiftyAWeek, you lying, treasonous sack of crap?
Defund PP and sanctuary cities
Oh girl...stop spouting Fox propaganda. Is there a critical thinking braincell in your whole head? Trump is corrupt and the GOP is complicit.

Try watching something other than CNN.
What is it about dumb blondes and Trump?
Stop paying illegals, school, medical etc. and double vets pay.
Oh boy you’ve got it bad. Open your eyes and help save this country.
Protect Bob Mueller!
Wow! I can agree with u on this.
Split the ‘parade’ costs amongst the great men and women. 

That or another tax cut?
Stop using our Military as an excuse to skirt around the Wall! You know President Trump fund Military. Now is the time to #BuildThatWall  DEFUND PP!!!
So agree. They also deserve to come home and not find their #2ndAmendment rights infringed upon after they laid their lives on the line fighting for US.
Retweet if you agree
Retweet if you agree - The members of the House should have their pay voted on by men and women in uniform. Did you retweet it yet, Mr. Speaker. Well, did you?
I believe you meant to say Defense Contracors.
American deserve a Wall and Border security,,,,, May be you could also fight for that...instead of against it..
I hope your in "bed" with whatever @realDonaldTrump has planned for September because you and McConnell just unzipped yourself on where your interests lay. The takeaway is that it appears the last administration ran the military into the ground. Not surprising. #RINOs #MAGA
They do derseve
Retweet if you agree.  Congress should stop giving themselves raises, no pension, no legal insider stock trading, and the same healthcare as everyone else.
Retweet Randy Bryce for Congress
Teachers need a raise, too, you know.
As soon as they start teaching reading, writing and arithmetic. Don't deserve a pay raise for being political activists.
Lol. Just because they failed YOU doesn't mean they're not doing a fantastic job. Some people just refuse to be educated.

..so they voted for Trump.
Teachers didn't fail me sweetie. I'm just one of the smart ones that didn't buy into the socialist BS. Good luck with that. BTW...Trump is your president.
You seem like a welfare queen to me.
LOL
Hmmmmm...isn't the reason they haven't gotten a pay raise for the last several years because of the sequester that your party put in place?
Use money from the stupid parade Trump wants and give them an even bigger raise.
As if that money would actually go to our brave men and women in uniform instead of fat-cat weapons manufacturers and political donations.
No parade!!! Take care of our Veterans. Seems like you need some good press because of all the bribes & sex workers. Is this a deflection with a shiny object again?
Our men and women in uniform deserve a #POTUS  that isn’t a traitor to a foreign government.  
Love a veterans wife.
RT and spread this #TrumpTrain
All PATRIOTS you must GO VOTE
Socialist Dems just announced
THEY will raiseour Taxes to 39.6% higher than before your TAX CUT
They hate Americans will take our guns and freedoms then flood us with illegals for votes TO STAY IN POWER
You caved to The Democrats & it’s going to cost Republicans in November!  Why the f are we going to vote for you if number one issued isn’t paid for in omnibus! Americans want the #BuildThatWall #BuildTheWall
Sort of agree with you to a point.  The Deep State RINOs and DumbOcrats had him over a barrel.  Sign and keep the country safe or the military gets nothing.  Trump has learned from this.  Setback?  Yes.  But this tells me one thing:  War is coming and we’ll be ready.
Why kilos me in the omnibus bill there was money in there to give to Iraq , Afghanistan and get this China to protect their borders! Can ya believe that crap? Can only deport so many ppl! In bill also! Unbelievable stab in the back
So mad I can’t even spell!
Fully fund the wall you traitor. We're tired of wasting money and lies.
Now that I’m gone!!??? Lol 
REP RYAN-DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD, And SANCTUARY CITIES! Keep YOUR WORD, FUND THE WALL!
Yes, but put the wall in there too before we vote you out of office.
Why wont you push #legislation to protect #Mueller?
We Agree.  DO NOT HOLD AN EXPENSIVE MILITARY PARADE, just because an insecure @realDonadlTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS  needs to have a FAKE PDA (public display of adoration).  Take the $$$$ and give it to the military families and service personnel
Or take the funding away from illegal immigrants and give it to the military families!! Sounds better to me!!!
Well, YES! If you're into hurting people and all.  Cancelling a non-essential public display of adoration doesn't hurt anybody.  But then - #TrumpSupporters don't understand the difference.
Oh I completely understand the difference, it’s just I would rather spend the money on American troops and veterans, than give a dime to the illegal immigrants protesting while waving another countries flag and demanding they have a right to our support? That’s not how this works
So, we agree.  DON'T spend $$$ on a false public display of adoration and instead, take the money and give it to our Military men and women & their families.  Great - now go tell your representatives that.  Put your money where your Tweets are.
Hmmmmmm I suppose you’re going to take it from Social Security- also known by you as entitlements
Dont forget to end #prohibition on industrial #hemp..#savethefarmers, stimulate the economy with the countless applications hemp fibers can serve PAPER #construction #plastics #clothing #CBDoil #medicine  #seizures #insulation #wallboard for #houses #savetrees #MAGA VOTE #GOP RT
All federsl workers. Retired military, average Joe needs pay increase. You guve us fake tax cuts that does nothing for average worker. You're leaving with a record of only helping the pocketbooks of the rich. GO QUIETLY INTO YOUR RETIREMENT. You snd your polictics won't be missed
Yes I'm ex military.
Give them a raise
Paul you are full of it
This bill that you just give to the president jacking our debt up over another trillion dollars giving into the Democrats it's quite frankly BS get on board to make America great again or go home and stay and let someone that really cares for America have your seat
Shameful how Omnibus Bill gives $218 Billion to Europe, $400+ Billion to fund the Arts, $$$ Billions to fund other nations, $$$ to fund Sanctuary Cities, Planned Parenthood but none for own Border Patrol, ICE, Law and Order, etc.!!!
Yeh Obama gave them raises. Trump just wants them to stand up and be props for old #CadetBoneSpurs
Cost of living raise for all
They deserve to come home from your wars! #BringThemHome
Yes!!
Fake smile.
Why do you need a retweet, This should have been done every year, You know , Like your Raise, Your Perks, Your elaborate Mediplan, Your need for recognition after your years of silence speaks volumes about your character. You are a disgrace funding Planned Parenthood ( Sick)
i concur...
Not at the expense of innocent human lives. How is that defunding of Planned Parenthood coming along?
So, where's the funding and pay raises for Border Patrol, ICE, Law and Order, etc.??? None in the Omnibus Bill!!! Shameful!!!
Give everyone a raise !!!!
Ummmm they should get part of the military omnibus spending. Duh!
Do not spend one penny on Planned Parenthood they murdered The Unborn everyday.
Resign Ryan
You need your head examined you Traitor of America! You need to be tried for conspiracy again american voters you are a fraud !
They probably deserve a pay raise, but I'm enjoying my middle class tax cut too much. Can't have both if one is to be MAGA-Compliant! #MAGA #TrumpTrain
Hey even get paid for former duty
How about a pay raise for everyone to a LIVABLE wage. Conservatives love to tout the free market and consumerism. You all realize that if you pay people more, they will be able to buy and consume more, right?
Can you give the teachers in Arizona a pay raise please? How about other "able bodied" Americans that are on Medicaid that do have jobs? Can you give them a raise too so that they don't have to be on Medicaid?
This is TRUE. Very TRUE. And the same thing goes for Veterans.
I agree
That’s because the last 8 years you republicans stopped their raises. Don’t try it
Using The Military Payraises w: stabbing the Conservative Voters in the Neck , Lowest I’ve seen u stoop since U bent over backwards for #Obama! Funding PP FundingSantuaryCities & Not Funding The Wall ie 1.3 Trillion #OmnibusBill is most Irresponsible thing u h/attempted 2 date!
This bill is horrible!!!
Yes yes it is Tweet call your Reps.
I understand,that Our military DID receive a pay raise,in this most recent Bill(temporary stop gap Bill)...
If you care so much, why did you cut military retirees a couple years ago in the ten year fiscal plan??  In reality,  it's the wounded vets and enlisted retirees who could use a raise! But, we all know that Paul Ryan only care about his own pocketbook and campaign donors!!
Fund the wall!
You could’ve done that in2pages and forced the Democrats to either vote yes or no. This bill is a slap in the face to America. And to our president. You are the swamp. You are a traitor. I hope you got message I left. Call me I’ll tell you how to do the bill
Glad to see them get a pay raise now if we could just cut yours in 1/2 & the rest of the do nothing swamp it would be great !
Wall!
Broken Promises
All American deserve a pays raise. Sorry,  that's like saying "all lives matter " when we say #BLM #BlackLivesMatter
You can do that AND defund planned parenthood at the same time. Stop making excuses.

100% AGREE GET IT DONE!
I do have an issue with the half-billion dollars a year to planned Parenthood, however Paul. What kind of games are you people playing in DC?
Stop the swamp talk RINO Ryan.  Giving perks like a tunnel as a reward for all the Schumer and Pelosi obstruction is not acceptable. Get a spine. You and your fellow “leader” need to go.  Please go join the dems.  
#OMNIBUSWATCH2018 
#DrainTheSwamp
#RepublicanInNameOnly
Our "teachers" need a "raise". @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan . I cast my name for U.S. Senator of California. Ladies and Gentlemen on the floor. Majority Leader. Mr. Speaker. "I agree". But, let us NOT forget our Educators that provided the intelligence of our
Communities and Neighborhoods. We will make a "life changing event". Thank you for your time.
We want the wall, Paul Rhino
Teaches need a raise..... Everyone that has any form of education had a Teacher... So if you agree do it.
I can’t even look at you, without feeling disgust. You’ve hurt the @GOP with all of your lies. I wish you nothing but loss in the primaries. I hope you feel the pain today, that my children’s children will feel tomorrow. #MAGA #YouFdUp
I can tell you what is not needed in this budget that's Planned Parent Hood , funding Illegal San. cities, funding a 30 billion dollar tunnel for NJ & NY Not for America A WALL on the southern Border will Benefit all of America keeping out drugs,gangs, ILLEGALS, human trafficking
1.3 trillion over 2000 pages. Sign it so you can read it. Sounds familiar. 12 percent increase in government. Sign it so you can read it.
I don’t care what political party you associate yourself with, if you don’t agree with this please leave this country because you don’t deserve to be here.
Grow some @SpeakerRyan your letting us down if this bill passes. I guess it's time to clean the swamp and you appear to be a part of it!
You’re a failure and a RINO hack! You betray the voters and @POTUS!  #VetoTheOmnibus
They do need a pay raise, and YOU need a pay cut. Especially the money that you are taking from special interest groups to SCREW AMERICANS!!
2.4%.  Wasn’t that established November 2017 and Trump signed December 2017?  Is this pay raise also before all the deductions?
Hell no!!!
Yes, our Military deserve this raise, but just how much did you give yourself?
Yes we. Have a. Great President!! We will remember all who have aposed him.
Opposed*
That's a much better way to show America's appreciation than a parade.
STOP THE outrageous spending bill!! You threw everything in this bill INCLUDING the kitchen sink!! Don’t act like you are doing us any favors!
Seems like you’re trying to find the ONLY positive thing in the bill to tweet about. You really lost the confidence of the people by funding PP and unconstitutional sanctuary cities. Embarrased to say I voted for you.
A grain of sugar in a whole truckload of poison does NOT taste sweet or nourish the body - it still kills. The ONE good thing WE hired you to do in this bill (fund military) is ONE dang thing. Everything else is poison & WILL get you fired. WE no longer play!

You sold out the Republican base with this spending bill.  This is a Democratic Bill.
Yeah, take the money from Congress paychecks/benefits/pensions and give to the real servants of our country.  You need to level the field!!!
2 cents instead of 1? Wow that is a double rise!
“Trump says: "There's no reason we shouldn't win with everything we've done." Trump voters ≠ GOP voters. Many of those issues he rattled off are ones GOPe, represented by the @SpeakerRyan, trashes him on everyday. @BobbyJindal was right. GOP=Stupid Party”
Trump says: "There's no reason we shouldn't win with everything we've done." Trump voters ≠ GOP voters. Many of those issues he rattled off are ones GOPe, represented by the @SpeakerRyan, trashes him on everyday. @BobbyJindal was right. GOP = Stupid Party.
It's great that our men and women in the military, will receive pay raises,  but at what cost to the American taxpayer?  Sounds like we'll still be fully funding sanctuary city's and other expensive programs like, Planned Parenthood,  adding over a trillion in debt.
Why are you funding Planned Parenthood? Why?

#DefundPlannedParenthood #BuildTheWall #FixFoodstampProgram #CutWastefulSpending #CutCongressionalPay
Don't give us info on the "icing" TELL us WHY Democrats are happy with that Bill  !
We all agree you should be paid nothing as you’ve done nothing Paulie
Defund planned parenthood!
funding the constant war machine, ask him where the kick backs come from . eat the poor paulie
And yet teachers get the shaft.
RINOS ARE FAILURES! YOU DIDN'T DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD OR SACTUARY CITIES??? RINOS MAKE ME SICK!
That's a loaded question.  Fund the wall.
Amen no question
Why are you leaving out RELEVANT FACTS? YOU FUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD, SANCTUARIES CITIES, YOU ARE NOT FUNDING THE FULL WALL, NOW I HEAR THERE IS GUN CONTROL IN THE BILL, I SAY VETO ! VETO ! VETO! #BuildThatWall
Your arrogance is astounding.  U were put into office by we, the people.  We also made @realDonaldTrump the POTUS. We demand that you follow HIS lead and STOP bowing to the Dems.  Your true swamp colors are showing. No funding of PP or sanctuary cities, No DACA, #BuildTheWall
Amen!
Defund PP  #BringtheRain #BeHeard #ConservativeParty #MAGA #ThursdayWisdom #DefundPP
Don’t fund planned parenthood and stop bowing down to special interests.
How about Disabled Veteran raises
Part of adding over $1 trillion to the deficit with your tax cuts.  @IronStache might be able to save us.  I think the military does need a raise, but corporate America did not.
Classic pandering. Pay rises are great but do your job and fund it without borrowing the money to pay for it.
Yes I think all of our men and women need a pay raise for protecting our country.
You are a crook, an SOB, AND WE ARE GOING TO PHYSICALLY REMOVE YOU
Yes, and we deserve a strong border.  Build that wall!
EVERYONE deserves a pay raise ( for real). EXCEPT the corporations you all decided to give it to Permanently!!!  Payback WILL be a bitch and it’s coming! #BlueWaveIsComing
Spending Bill is HORRIBLE! Inexcusable!
Please tell me that we didn’t have to also buy @chuckschumer a bridge in order to give our military this well deserved raise??  Who’s really in charge up there??!!??
This funding won’t go to enlisted soldiers. Just like most of the corporate tax cuts are going to shareholders, not workers.
Scrap the omnibus bill.  Get back to regular. It’s like my grandkids asking for $5000 for school books and supplies and sneaking in a new wardrobe and concert tickets.  And they think I wouldn’t catch it..
You are a traitor to the American people Ryan. Baby killer, criminals protected, no second special council for deep state corruption. You are a stinking low life swamp snake . VOTE this creep OUT
Yeah and another half trillion of debt u fool
You have some nerve. You do realize we are all calling for your removal as Speaker over this right?
Give them the money planned parenthood is supposed to get
Why tell us? Do it, raise their pay. Although if you say it you are trying to get people to vote for you by lying. Get a life ryan. Did you wake up not knowing where you are?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/the-latest-cambridge-analytica-links-to-blackwater-founder/2018/03/21/255bd508-2cf9-11e8-8dc9-3b51e028b845_story.html?utm_term=.ac4c709a9b1f …
Ryan, we agree with the pay raise for the military men & women, but where is the money for the wall? Why isn't Planned Parenthood and sanctuary cities defunded? Why are you agreei￼g to every Democratic overspending policy there is. In other words what hell are you doing?
http://OK.you  are on the right track!!!
How about give the military a pay raise and Congress a pay cut?
Let's hope you didn't block Trumps wall because that is political suicide for you and your friends....
Yeah.  How about enough so they can get off food stamps. There is no shortage of US dollars. Congress spends them into existence! Plz read Mosler's 7 Deadly Innocent Frauds of Economic Policy. Free online & only 100 pages. #LearnMMT #Unite4aNewDeal
True!
Our men and women do deserve a raise but pp, and Obamacare do not. This spending bill is outrages. The more I hear the madder I get
Planned Parenthood is genocide.
Wow. Who exactly is in charge of The House to be considering such an out of control, irresponsible, unwarranted spending bill? Can't be the fiscal conservative. Embarassing.
#DefundSanctuaryCities #DefundPP
WTF Paul, this omnibus bill sucks. The Democrats get all the funding for everything they want and president trumps agenda gets a little funding as possible. This is a bad deal for America. I hope Trump vetoes it. #maga #veto #potus
I am so tired of you guys using the military as your lap puppy to do corrupt things in Washington...This military family wants your bone spur party to go f themselves.  Build a wall, starve seniors right Speaker????
I agree that they need funding. Folding to the Dems isn't the way to get it! Losing votes in 2018....Dems laughing, or are you guys wolves in sheep's clothing?
You’re still in office? Jeez, you’re useless.
Paul ... Take a breath, THINK! Or...are you really ... One of THEM. I'm starting to SEE .. the latter! WAKE UP!
YOU AND MCCONNELL NEED TO GROW A PAIR YOUR SPENDING BILL IS A MONSTROSITY
That’s great but there is to much bad stuff in it and to much for the time line you all have.  Bet most will never be able to read it in time. To late & long to vote on.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/976765417908776963?s=19 …
Will you really help destroy your party for the out of control lunatic?
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn’t know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don’t threaten people Joe!
Your Omnibus bill is a damned joke.  Pass a budget starting from zero, not Omnibus packages and not baseline budgeting.  You're SUPPOSED to be a conservative.
STOP.  USING.  THE.  MILITARY.  TO.  LOAD.  THIS.  BILL.  AS.  INDIVIDUALS,  THEY  WOULD. REJECT. IT
My family is a military family.  I would happily give up part of that raise if you would please FUND THE WALL
Funding for Planned Parenthood, Sanctuary Cities and no wall funding.  You love packaging lots of crap with military funding so everyone gets pet projects approved.
Keep your Lies and fake feelings for you fellow Progressives Nancy, Chock and McConnell. You are worse than Socialists. At least they say what they stand for.
@LouDobbs 
@GOP 
@marklevinshow 
@seanhannity 
#MAGA
SO, you use the Military as a carrot to get your Democratic funding Bill passed, which funds sanctuary cities, Planned Parenthood, DACA crap, no extra border patrol, no full wall funding, you're just disgusting!
If that’s all the increased spending this bill contains I’d say yes. But it explodes the debt and caves to the Democrats. Please vote no: @DrPhilRoe @RepChuck @DesJarlaisTN04 @RepDianeBlack @RepJohnDuncanJr @MarshaBlackburn @freedomcaucus @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse
Steve. Scalise has saidAs well as you have said we’ve passed how many bills out of the house it’s the Senate that cannot do it’s job. Sounds like we have a problem with leadership in the Senate that will never be an excuse to hold the military hostage. Shut the government down
Defund PP!
Mr Ryan you and most of all other politicians are so far from being good for our country you ignore our deserving seniors by paying poverty wages for social security and pay immigrants better than our own people I can only pray that somehow term limits become law for you
Now defund PP and fund the dang wall...Listen to your constituents for a change....
.005% ? Don’t believe a thing Ryan says.
STOP THAT ROGUE BILL
 NO MORE PLANNED PARENTHOOD
Passed a budget without kicking that can for another 3 weeks. Our moral vompass is off for this country if this Rich man's Lapdog don't get fired, America poor and others in Need will pay in deeper ways. America is about sharing God's Love O People! No revel with Hate.
Fund the wall
RINO.
We are paying you way to much for what you do. Why don’t you cut your pay and all the politicians who think their job is more dangerous than the military. Start by cutting cutting your wages and start working ever day. Wish I could get paid vacations and benefits that you have.
