Seeing I am unemployed waiting on disability, it does nothing for me. Nor do i qualify for obamacare or trumpcare or whatever they call it now.
I'm I the boat @SandyBlue55.
Liars
These companies are now paying next to no taxes. They are throwing tables scraps at workers while pocketing billions and causing Trumps Trillion dollar deficit in 2018. Wake up America!!  Republicans are causing inflation, higher interest rates to please donors. Vote them out!
Whatever!

A one time $1,000 taxable bonus....woohoo
President Obama brought us back from the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression caused by the EXACT same policies @POTUS & @GOP are pushing. We #Resist so that @GOP & @POTUS don't do it to us all over again.
AP FACT CHECK: Trump's Tax Fiction and Embrace of Propaganda
Donald Trump Spreads Economic Fairy Dust | The Nation
Tax Cuts in the Bag, Paul Ryan Lustfully Eyes Welfare “Reform” | Vanity Fair

Fact: My taxes went down $76 dollars a month that pays half of my health insurance that's better than going up and my money going to support illegals!
How is this benefiting the employees from Macy's, JC Penny's and others that are losing their jobs?
That's on Maceys And jc penneys
Win some, lose some, sorry to hear that
This is all fake news!  How about all the companies that are going under and how many Americans lost their jobs? Quit patting the Liar In Chief's back with all these lies....his head is getting too big! And Lord knows it was already bigly!  @realDonaldTrump

His tax cuts haven’t done a thing for me.
Oh well, u lose some and u win some
Working for me.  Thank you President Trump!
Dream on Kellyanne. Got a big 25 dollars a week more. Let me see what you got. I am a professional. This tax cut was a gift to the wealthy
Yep, with those tax cuts our family can now afford the name brand Mac and cheese instead of the store generic. #taxcut
Tell me what you would have gotten with the Democrat plan - which was no #taxcut
Really? What are you doing for the 40 million living in poverty, other than cutting their food stamps?
A lot of food stamp recipients r spending them on junk food, trade fair for drugs.  I know, I saw first hand
#bullshit #ImpeachTrumpNow #gunsense
And Obama was the best pres ever. Ha ha.  Reagan was the very best and we won't see that again cause every pres had bad ideas.
When is Trump hiring these two fine people? 
#whitehousestaff 
#StableGenius NOT!
#TidePodeaters
Never!
Some stores have closed and fired many employees. Walmart, Sams and Toys R Us.
Then there are the layoffs
Layoffs r not the governments fault. It's those who want more money in their pockets.  That's why there r lay offs
Praise to be Allah to have president like, #Trump who has such mentality and feeling towards the shooting tragedy as well as the feeling of restoring "America first"  with prosperity of education, economic and policy.
So glad too hear from a Muslim who praise rather than committing jihad 
Oh yeah 
America Loves President TRUMP!!! #KeepAmericaGreat
No they dont
No they don't. Maybe the corporate
The tax cuts benefit his family’s business and other rich folk. Period.
How, I don't see it?
Every time we go grocery shopping it coast's more money.
Your not shopping right
WH, you think if you keep posting this BS long enough you will brainwash people into believing it?
That's funny, I'm not brainwashed lol
Sounds like ur against trump period. Bet u didn't vote for him either
CALLING ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS - STAND TALL, STAND STRONG, REMAIN RESOLUTE, BE PATIENT HAVE FAITH - GOD IS ON OUR SIDE - DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT BUT THERE IS STILL MUCH WORK TO BE DONE - TO RENEW YOUR FAITH- Read "TRUMP KEEPING THE DREAM ALIVE" & RT
370 Out how many companies? Thousands. Please
He should spend as much time making the gun laws tougher so innocent people don't die. Enough with the excuses!
The  NRA  has enriched Trump, Paul Ryan and most of the republican congressmen. There will be no change in gun laws. Just watch.
If gun dealers did their job, if parents were more responsible for the care of their guns, and stop selling assault weapons!
Yep, there was a bubble of enthusiasm this last year (why not, those at the top are going to benefit a lot), but slowly & inevitably the effects of the trickle-down-enomics that didn't work for Bush II will show their effects.  Stock market stalling, just as happened for Bush II
They need to get rid of these loop holes that the rich uses
DOOMED TO EXPIRE, BUT NOT CORPORATE TAX BREAKS.

KISS MY ASS!!!
4 million workers is about 5% of the work force. Many got zip! Big shots who are Republicans will get a boost in pay. Keeping it real for the lower classes.
#MAGA
My friend is in the same predicament. Hurt?Have nothing? Get nothing!
Stop lying your are putting out fake news
WH is fake news
Coming thru again.
Nope.
And himself. Don’t forget about how it helps him and his best egg/estate. You can fool some people sometimes, but you can’t fool all the people all the time.
Not true
Trump is cutting Medicare and social security. Most are going to have work till 75 before u get benefits. The rich get richer fool
"Other benefits" meaning the millionaire CEO's are taking home even more. How many have given themselves huge raises?

Yeah that’s why I’m paying more taxes than I have in over decade  - lying sacks of 

Thanks....very needed...
Why wasn't it made permanent like the taxes for the rich were?
How many jobs lost in 2017?  How many plants moved out of the US?  Carrier ring a bell?  It should.  You promised they were staying; they left.
I sure don't  c no tax cut
Funny, it’s costing us money & his GOONS are DESTABILIZING THE ENVIRONMENT, CIVIL RIGHTS, EDUCATION, HEALTHCARE, & ENCOURAGING NRA TO MURDER KIDS.  WHAT A GUY!!!
You’re a LIAR @POTUS #GOPTaxScam #SexualPredatorTrump
Brushing up on tax law....oh no, this year you get a bump in wages about 2 dollars a week lol.  But next year you will be taxed heavily on it.  Please everyone do your research and plan ahead or pay penalties next year.  #NotATaxPlan4ThePeople
A few bonuses, a few minor trifles for working families.
177 billion in CEO bonuses, stock buybacks that benefit top one percent (besides their PERMANENT, HUGE tax cuts. UBER RICH big winners. Working families - NOT!
 November coming!
Can't bring back jobs lost to technology, robotics and low cost countries.
Now there is FAKE news!
Simply saying something repeatedly does not make it true.
Here is the reality to White House/GOP continued disinformation....
Along with some primary background information....
Won't cover the increase in gas taxes and increased costs of consumer goods. Not a long term benefit, expires in a few years. Not to mention the ballooning deficit that the American taxpayers are left with.
You mean the less than 50% of people that actually pay taxes?  It’s a real shame when half the population has no skin in the game but sits back and bitches about the “rich” getting a tax break.
Are looking for a professional a #video #intro for your #YouTube #channel. Please contact:
Except those of us on Social 'Security'.
I do payroll every two weeks ... it doesn’t... it’s pathetic... it’s an insult not a benefit to my staff ...
Nope. Americans are losing their jobs to H1b visa workers from India, who have gamed our legal immigration system thanks to loopholes and qualified American workers have been laid off in favor of cheap labor. Congress and @POTUS have done nothing to reform H1b visas.
#TrumpRussiaNRA
No..just no
When is this going to happen? Not yet for me.
So funny how@many people comment on these and yet I can guarantee have not actually read the tax code. I know my check got bigger without a raise. Read the code then comment
That does not fit into the MSM talking points. Please refrain from using actual real life examples of how the cuts help people. FYI I’ll save about $7,000 in federal taxes. But again, I read the info.
POTUS! MAGA!!!!!
BS 

Tax cuts for the rich is stagnation and inflation 

500k Koch Paul ... criminal self dealing 

EMOLUMENTS and NEPOTISM are unconstitutional provisions in the law of the land

Spreading propaganda to change the topic from gun violence & the Mueller investigation!
Not true.
oh like  Carriers,  their jobs in  Mexico and how about the Coal miners,  When did they become clean and who still uses Coal lol
Tax reform, yes. Tariff reform no.
President Trump, never mind the haters they're just sore losers.  If you find a cure for cancer or raise their loved ones from the dead, they will still hate you. Obama drove many to poverty & doubled our national debt, still they idolized him. Sad!
Thank you, President Trump. I have a good use for the extra money.
NRA Cheif Wayne Lapierre what he did not say today, he was going to take any GUNS OFF THE MARKET. NRA said they can make more GUNS for the SCHOOL. REALLY Your pocket continues to fill after every incident. How are you helping, more guns in SCHOOL?
NRA Cheif Wayne Liperrie continues being an enabling to the Republican. You feed them the necessary fund for your cause to keep you in business and doing the same to America. Stop your Fake News. NRA is not for the America People
Mostly they are helping companies buy-back their own stock, which does absolutely ZERO to help the workers. ZERO.
So, explain your proposal to add a 25 cent mile tax?  All those tax cuts, plus more, go poof!
What a load of s**t!  This tax scam is going to cost this country so much it will take years to recover.
Trump proposed 25 cent mileage tax.  Hope you don't have far to go to get to work.
LOL

what a joke
DO NOT SELL GUNS TO DEMOCRATS,THEY ARE DANGEROUS PEOPLE.
Oh, gee; thanks for the $4300 increase in my taxes.

if we had to go in debt it would have been better to support the many social & very necessary programs that benefit millions of people & the idiot president now wants to cut rather than going into debt to give the common man $150 & the wealthy huge tax cuts they did not need.
Translation, If we were going to go into debt we should have just given the money away to those who will vote left.
#carrier  #harleydavidson
Worry about our children!  Oh that’s right you would date yours. You don’t give a damn about anyone but yourself and your rich friends
Joke
Did you ask the workers at the Indiana Carrier plant? The tax cuts for the wealthy is the biggest scam and Americans will realize it soon and start voting out Republicans.
And bankrupt the country while brutalizing families in need. Bad economic policy that has failed repeatedly for everyone but the wealthy.
That is a bunch of baloney and you know it. The laws and tax cuts that this administration has put in place will destroy the middle & lower income brackets we will have to carry the burden of responsibility. Rich get richer because loopholes were not closed.
You are a joke !   Helping the already wealthy!   Fake news!  You are fake news !  Most other sane country is wondering how could you be in control of the U.S.   Our biggest concern should be our children.  Oh yeah I forgot you would date yours if she wasn’t your daughter.
1,800 stores closing(FGRT report)with unemployed at 1.54 million(Jobs report).Retailers herald tax savings, pay raises & bonuses while closing stores & layingoff workers.These jobs hit the young, elderly & minorities hardest.Workers employed are seeing hours cut-so pay is lower
Are you tracking the layoffs, industries moving to Mexico or elsewhere?  As an example
Everyone, please ignore the Republican orgy of debt.
Do you think a one-time $1,000 bonus or $1.50/hr raise to working Americans while giving hundreds of millions in tax cuts to corporations and tens of millions to CEOs is MAGA? Corrupt GOP/Trump passed a sham tax "reform" - ask Trump family how much they are saving! Vote them out!
Lies

Yep working for me, my company and most of all my employees! Thanks President Trump!
Thank you for all you are doing for the American workers.
It’s sad that we in Cdn don’t have someone in power to spark our economy. 
BS
Don’t believe anything y’all say.
So Trumpster wants to make schools gun zones! Let's add the WH to that list also, then!
My pay increased.. Thank you POTUS!!! More to live on...
Lies
Hey, everyone! The White House made a chart! It’s crap, but look!
I'm a trucker for a small family owned co. We got a raise too, equals about $5 k a year! Not so "crummy" Polisi!

I try to explain this to my mother inlaw, but she thinks I'm an idiot loser. Yeah I do kinda drive trucks for a disabled vet charity. Sorry that I am not a doctor. Her liberal coworkers has her convinced that President Trump has ruined this country.


So like 3% of US workers get bonerous.  Good for them as we slowly get gobbled up by national debt, decreasing the number of days until the big reckoning when it blows up.  Thanks Donny!
Where
Propaganda 101.
I wish my employer was one of these...
Short term gains that can create huge expensive problems within a few years! Deregulation allows water & air to be poisoned AGAIN! Corporations pay no consequences for BAD ACTIONS! Taxpayers will have to pick up clean up tab! Americans are being bribed!

A one time bonus on a permanent tax cut,  bullshit optics that do nothing for us.
Hitler would have claimed something similar in the build-up to the German powerhouse pre WW2.
Bullshit
And financed,  again,  by China

Why does this sound like propaganda?
I don't believe you.
I like it. It is better than Cats. I want to see it again and again.
370 our of 700,000 businesses & 4.5 Million Workers out of 155Million+.  Do the Math.  Crumbs for Average Americans.  Great for Rich folks & corporations. #GOPTaxScam
PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS PEANUTS

So out of touch with reality...you shouldn’t mix meth with your Wellbutrin.
They had planned to do that begore
'providing long term benefits', is beibg presumptuous.
No
Meanwhile, kids are slaughtered at school

And here we go with more lies out of the @WhiteHouse
What are his tax cuts doing for the employees HTC just laid off in the US?
President Trump’s tax cuts are mostly for the wealthy.  The rest of America is going to catch on.  President Trump lies all the time, we all know this . . . so why should anyone believe you?
Your 'look over there' numbers don't mean anything until they total more than what you gave away to the plutocrats.
Go all the way and eliminate the progressive tax code and pass The Fair Tax
#TableScraps
Thank you for considering removing Donald J. Trump from the Office of the President.
I barely know where to spend that extra $1.50 I have every week now.
Bullshit
I don't know ANYONE who thinks the tax scam helps anyone but the rich!
You wish!!
Hasn't done me any good.
Deflection.
We are on to you.
Shuddup.
You mean Ryan’s cuts which he signed because it benefited him.
Putting us deeper in debt and taking care of the rich.   Fees will be raised on the rest to pay for it.
Glory, Hallelujah !   
You are placing debts on our children, grandchildren, and their children to futher engorge the already wealthy. Additionally, this is done at the expense of the planet.
These tax cuts borrow ONE TRILLION DOLLARS to give to the already rich. Practically guaranteeing our economy will crash harder than the tax cuts by George W. Bush crashed our economy.
@KellyannePolls @SecretaryAcosta @SenTomCotton @Tim_Canova Sorry, the DATA proves that H-1b visa schemes/scams r NOT MAGA, r destroying middle-class, r making USA LESS competitive, and R STEALING THE DREAMS of ALL AMERICANS. END ALL H-1b NOW.
No they are not and do you think, we are too stupid to see that ? Lol !!
Quit trying to distract everybody Blue Wave is coming and there's nothing you can do about it
RNC Hush money.
Trump's former bodyguard is now on the payroll of the RNC. 

Keith Schiller's private security firm is being paid $15,000 a month to provide "security consultation for the RNC 202 convention site selectio…
Bull.  It is a short turn glow but the chickens will come home to roast when the debt we have to pay comes.  Just propaganda.
... except it is creating the biggest deficit ever, creating huge debts for our children so corporations can have tax cuts. There has to be a better way!
Shut up
4.1 million worker is less than 2% of the workforce
You just make this stuff up as you go hah! Benifiting the rich is what is more factual,although greater prosperity for the companys could happen, our taxes will be increasing to pay for all this,now that we can count on!
