May God bless you with good news and the peace that passes understanding
Thanks very much.
Prayers for your whole family, Erick
Thanks, Jake.
*hugs
Thanks.
Praying for y’all.
Thanks
Same situation. Try to cherish each moment.
I’ll keep y’all in my prayers

Thank you
I hope I'm not over stepping but I find when I'm running low on faith or feeling overwhelmed a praise break helps. This is one of my faves right now and I feel led to share. Also praying for you and yours
Also this one works for when your ready to kick the devil in the teeth!
Prayers for strength and peace. My friend with lung cancer is now ten years out and stable. They gave him a year but he‘s still going strong.
This is encouragement!
The new immunotherapies are amazing. A real break-through.
Sending Prayers for your wife.
While I don’t agree with your politics,  I wish nothing but the best for you and your family. #prayersup
Godspeed and prayers to you and your family, Erick.
Unabashedly praying and knowing prayer works.
Our prayers are with you, the warrior spirit is with y’all God Bless
Given.
Keep the faith.  Do not focus on the Doctors, but on the Word of God that says she is HEALED, completely and totally!  Jeremiah 17:14; Psalm 103:1-5; Psalm 107: 19-21...
Praying for God’s supernatural peace to fill you and for His desire for abundant life and healing manifest in your wife’s health. May your peace and her healing be a testimony to God’s Glory!! 
We are praying for your family Erick. Specifically for divine health and healing for you and your wife both. Lean on the Lord brother, for He cares for you.
Almighty God bring peace to this family, peace and health. Grant this through our Lord Jesus Christ, your son, who lives and reigns with you and the Holy Spirit, 1 God, forever and ever.
Praying for you and your wife.  May God bless you with good news.
Sending love and prayers
You've got it!
Sincere prayers in faith for your wife and for you. May the healing and peace of God be with y’all now and always.
We are agreeing together in prayer for your wife and for you. Our God is so faithful; His steadfast love endures forever; “His power has no boundary known unto man.” May the peace that passes all understanding reign in your hearts and minds.
Prayers for her, her frets and concerns

For everyone who loves her, may God lift them up

May He give skill and wisdom to all who treat her

May you all be encouraged and loved

Amen
Prayers for you and your wife!
We're praying for her (and you!) Erick. God is such a loving shepherd and we know he loves her!
Be not afraid.

Dear Lord,
We know you are the peace that passes understanding. We pray your deep and abiding peace floods Eric’s mind. Help him to know beyond a doubt you are good and in control. With your stripes we are healed. We pray for healing, and good words from Dr. for Eric’s wife.Amen
No one understand the anxiety until they’ve experienced it. Blessings and prayers to you and your wife for continuing good news.
I know what you mean. I have different circumstances but I find myself with an empty faith bucket and an overflowing worry bucket. Fortunately God always refills my faith bucket and empties out the worries. Then he reminds me we have been here before. Thank you Lord
I'll be happy to pray for your wife and you. God bless.
Good luck. PET and CT scans are scary in that you just don't know what's going to show. My wife has been there and recent PET scan shows activity again. Hopefully it's wrong. We'll soon find out. Recent advances in treatment, however, holds high hope.
My wife has been fighting Stage 4 lung cancer for almost 4 years. We have faith that God knows what’s best for us. Trials make us stronger. God bless you and your family. Praying for you!
We will be praying for you also! #HugsAndPrayers
Thanks!
Praying for a completely clean scan!! We serve a mighty God and he’s still in the healing business!!! Praying for peace of mind for you Brother!
My thoughts and prayers are with you both Erick. I sincerely hope and pray for the very best outcome. Stay strong both of you & know the POWER of prayer is remarkable...I AM living proof! #GodBless #PrayerOfHealing 
I get it. I get blood work every 4 weeks and scans every 3 months. I try to tell myself God has this and be brave but it is not easy. Praying for you both!
And we will be praying for you too.  #HugsAndPrayers
Of course. Prayers to you and your family.
AMEN .........
Sending Prayers & Blessings 
Prayers. For her. For you. For the medical team. All of the anxiety can be left at the foot of the cross. All of the love carried out of the empty tomb. Jesus lived and died and lives again, for you.
I don't pray but I'll keep her, you and your family in my thoughts.
Its an odd place to live between  just go live your life and time to schedule a ct scan. Be vigilant and watchful and be positive and prayerful. Its all there is to do when C looms out there as it always is. But God is out there too...i choose God.
Prayers and good wishes for her. 
+PrayersSentUpForErickErickson&FamilyGodsGraceSentYourWayForTheScan+ :-)
Prayers are with you.
I have dealt with this issue fir 5 years. I am treated at Sloan Kettering and they have a program to help the patient and the family deal with Scanxiety. Check out their web site and remember. Keep moving forward and God will be there with his healing grace. God Bless
Sending positive thoughts, praying, vibes all of your way!
I always find that the time between the scan and the results are the most stressful. I hope for the best for your wife.
Eric, may the light of God shine upon your family.  I will be praying for a positive diagnosis for your wife, and peace for your family.

Meet @polleynamedmatt who is also going through a difficult time regarding his wife’s health. You both disagree on lots and yet you both are going through something very similar. I pray you both may be able to connect in this time. See each other’s humanity.
Keep praying and believing
Understand your anxiousness very well.  My husband is the love of my life and his scan is in a little over a week.  We’ve been battling cancer 10 years.  I lift you both in prayer.
I disagree with you profoundly and I am not shy in saying so but I have always admired the way you and your family have dealt with challenges that you have had to endure. All the best to you, your wife and your entire family.
She’s not only getting great regular medical checks to monitor her condition remains good, she’s supported by your love and that of her wider family.
She’s going into these scans in great shape- and hopefully the results will just confirm that for you.
Will pray for your wife and for you.
God speed
I hope you and your wife receive good news, and also hoping you find the empathy to strive to make that level of care available to every American without ruining their finances.
Dear Jesus touch her, heal her, make her whole. Strengthen her and those around her. In your name I ask, Amen.
Eric. Worries will do one thing. They 'choke' the word. E.g. Litetally strangle the life out of the good seed.
Trust the Lord, not your understanding. Proverbs 3:4-6
You should  out using a high-pH water for diet.  If you take the body's pH from acidic to alkalinic you make your body a hostile environment, chemically, for all cancer cells + almost totally eliminate the incidence of heartburn.
Lifting you up and your wife.  Hold on tight to your faith, but fight like hell.  Lots of hugs to you and your wife during this scary time.  #Survivor10Years
May the healing balm in the name of Jesus the master healer avail for her .
My hubby's cancer moved to his lungs, and he's been fighting C for over 30 years now. I know what you are experiencing, though everyone's is a bit different. Prayers for a good scan and strength to you both.
I'm right there with you. Every three weeks my wife takes the taxol and the platin so much better than me sitting next to her. We pray for three month intervals.
Saying a prayer for you, your wife, & both your families during this difficult time. May I offer a couple of words of advice. 1. Be sure to surround yourself with loving friends & family. 2. Don't turn down a helping hand or a bent ear if you need it. 3. Practice good self care
I am praying for y'all, brother.
Honestly, I don’t know your family, but I am a prayer warrior and will pray for you and your wife.
Hugs from a liberal. I used to read RedState while you were still there. I have always respected your honesty and sincerity, even when I didn't agree with you. God bless your wife and your family.
stay the course no matter how crappy it is
Keep that faith. I pray that you get a good report and that you recover quickly. Prayers are a powerful thing. God bless you and your family!?
Done
I will Pray for her. My Youngest Daughter 43, Has Breast Cancer. 2 Yr. 8 More Treatments. My Husband Died At 50, Mesthelomia Cancer.
You're frightened and that is understandable.  We'll add you and your wife to our prayers, Erick
You annoy me a lot,  but I will seriously go before the Lord on your wife's behalf. Remember that "Healing is the children's bread". Keep the faith.
Prayers with you always Erick - I would hope you would remind us more to be honest! 
Praying for your family. God bless.
Dear God.. the pain of your servant,Erick, takes great courage on his part.Please hear his plea... give him & his wife strength and let them find praise for You.
Your humility and depth is a revelation and testament to what you hold dear Erick. Your faith is strong, evidenced by the virtue you exhibit in these trying times. God is closest when we feel he is far away.  1/
Hang on Erick, with all your might. Pray to the quantum consciousness that is ever present in all things. My love and prayers are with you brother.  2/
We feel ur pain and hope for good things BUT y r u constantly bashing our duly elected President?? Its very frustrating to watch u so bitter, angry at Trump. He won, 63+million voters wanted him to win. We wish u would support him and not run to bash him at every single event
Stop bashing Potus and you might get some answers to your prayers
You exchanged Jesus for Trump. That won’t end well for you.


And now we know the rest of the story. Obama was Doping the WH staffers. He allowed Ronnie to be an "Enabler" for addiction. President Trump is Draining the Swamp and allowing men like Ronnie Jackson to hang themselves.
Lord have mercy!
I pray for your peace and strength.
I don’t agree with you on much but Peace Be With You, your wife and family.  I will say a prayer tonight.
Prayers for her.. give her kindness and she will muster up courage.  Good wishes.
Prayers for you and your family
Applecider vinegar..raw org honey raw organic coconut oil cure cancer naturally along with veggie fruit juicing coffee colonics.. cancer gone 0 side affects.. called gerson method. Cured my heart disease in weeks 0 med intervention
Sending prayers for your wife and yourself! Adding a prayer for her doctors and nurses to bring her home to you healthy 
Praying!
My tears and prayers are for you my brother - my tears because I know it is very trying for you, your wife and the children. My prayers because our Father hears!
Prayers for you all!
prayers for your wife. God is an amazing healer. Has she had a blessing with Holy water or an anointing  with oil? James 4:13 was my directions that created my miracle healing many years ago.
Prayers for Christy for the long run!  God bless!
Praying for your wife. May you both always place your trust in the Lord.
My prayers are with you
Praying
Hang in there.
Keeping you in our prayers.  Went through a similar situation with my wife a couple of years ago.  She is healthy and well today by God’s grace.  Praying for the same for you guys.
God bless your entire family and especially your wife...i am hoping her lung scans get better and better over time. Hugs to all of you
Certainly will pray for her.
Prayers..
I pray Mrs. Erickson gets good news!!     Stay calm and BELIEVE.
So sorry. Hope you have some peace.
Prayers for all
Praying it went well...
Prayers, Erick.
Praying for a good news after the scan! My husband has been battling prostate cancer for 5 years and his PSA is finally down to 0!
I am saying a prayer right now!

God bless you both. I totally understand my daughter is going through the same thing and they say there’s nothing more they can do for her, but she is handling it better than I am.
Well, you I cannot abide, politically.  But my heart goes out to you & your wife.  Prayers coming.

God bless you Erick & your dear wife! Praying for you today!
Prayer without ceasing.  We all want strong faith. We are blessed knowing God loves us despite our frailties.
Praying for you and your family Eric

imagine NOT attending the funeral of a former first lady and instead playing golf being hailed as one of the most compassionate gestures of your presidency
Our prayers are with you and your wife. We will definitely add you and your wife to our prayer list.
5 little words.  Jesus I Trust In You.
Your faith diminishes because you ultimately understand that faith holds no value. It is a placebo. I hope your wife gets well, but I wouldn't waste time with prayer; your asking GOD to alter its plan in favor to you and your wife.Dont you see the futility & arrogance  in that?
Prayers for your wife and all those struggling with grave illnesses
Absolutely. Done!  God is our rock!
God bless you and your wife!
Praying!
May God Bless you all
My Prayers and thoughts are with you and your family.  May God always be your Guiding Light and source of strength. Amen!
A little defensive about your husbands tweets, sounds like trouble in paradise? ?
prayers
You killed it on @DanaBashCNN   Love Kelly
#lighthearted #CNNSOTU
Prayers are with you and your wife.
Mr. Erickson,
I don't pray. I think instead. I think you should pray to your wife's doctors & study health books. I'm sure Jesus would approve. He promoted education, not memorization. Health tips for your wife: use vinegar & baking soda for cleaning & don't bleach her clothes.

Romans 5:3-5 “…we also rejoice in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope. And hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us.”
Sending your family positive energy and love from Austin!
I know what you mean. In a couple of weeks I go for my own check up at Princess Margaret Cancer Centre. The weeks before it raises the anxiety level. Praying for you and your dear wife.
God bless you and your wife and family.  I am praying right now. I am so sorry that your of any family has to endure this.
Prayers for your wife and for you.
Many  for your family.  Good luck your wife.
Praying that you never lose your insurance and ability to pay for care
I call it scanxiety and I experience it when the time for my son's (Dx Stage 3B Melanoma 2014 at age 26) scans is drawing near. Praying for you and your wife in the strong name of Jesus.
I'm not religious but I'm thinking good thoughts for you and your wife.
It's easier said than done, but try as best you can to remind yourself to focus on the life she still has. Not on the life she will lose eventually, and wishfully far off in the never. 

I despise your politics, but I know your humanity. God bless you both.
Prayers and God’s blessings for you and your wife.
Be strong. Pray, ask for healing and guidance and you shall receive. I know this. Nothing is impossible with God. Nothing.
Sending prayers to God that your wife will be completely well.
AS MUCH AS U DISAPPOINT ME ERICK ..I PRAY FOR YOUR WIFE MAY GOD B WITH HER IN THE STRUGGLES WITH CANCER AMEN

Hang in there let her faith carry you till your strong enough to carry her. The day will come she'll need your faith to carry the both of you!  sent yalls way!
Prayers from a cancer patient...the journey takes strength 
Prayers for your lovely wife sir.  Praying for good news
My thoughts to both of you. I hope all goes well.
Prayers for you and your family.
Psalm 46:1 God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
We don’t agree on much, but I sincerely hope the best for your wife. Strength to you both.
Prayers for you and your family.
For your whole family!
Praying for your wife. Also praying for you and the rest of your family.
Prayers to all
Don't know the situation but God is able.  Prayers.
Yep prayers going up now   Love us sweet man of faith
Just put it on the Good Lord's shoulders.  He is the great physician and has the power to move mountains.  He can deliver.  Keep your faith.

I was just gonna reach out and see how you're doin.
Faith and prayers go far beyond political boundaries. I'll be having my church pray for your family sir.
While we are political opposites, I will pray for your wife, your family, and doctors. May she get well soon.
Blessings and Prayers to your family.
Sorry man. Love and hope
Mr. Erickson, I overall could not disagree with you more.  Nonetheless, I also could not share your pain more.  In the end, it is those we love.  My most sincere healing wishes for your beloved.
Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and don't expect to understand everything.  In all your ways recognize Him, and He will show you what to do.   Has she accepted Jesus Christ as her Savior and Lord?  It's the only way to know God.
Praying 
Every time you think about it, every time you see her, say “the righteousness of God IN Christ Jesus has this” and I promise you will see his miraculous power! You can do nothing it’s all in his hands and he has this!!
All things are possible with God. We must ask for him to heal her! Will lift her in prayer during my Adoration hour tonight.

Prayers coming for you and your family Erick.
Sending blessings your way to you and your wife.
Prayers & love headed your way!!!
Prayers for your wife and you and your family.
Prayers for strength for your wife, you and other family members.  She sounds like a strong woman.  God can handle anything.
Praying 
Done
This is true with most Putin Republicans.  Stop putting a monetary value on your faith.

Prayers offered.
Praying


Prayers
Hope all goes well for her
Prayers
...you sleep better than the 6.4 Million Americans who will LOSE their Health Insurance under TrumpDon'tCare..
Our Creator is also The Great Physician. Prayers for health and faith. #ChristIsTHEway
She is included in my prayers.
Ditto..My wife has breast cancer- right there with you.
Scanxiety is so hard. I hope you have some lighthearted activities lined up for the weekend and that scan results come quickly. #BeenThere
As the husband of a lung cancer survivor, I felt the compulsion to reply; my wife's cancer was miraculously discovered stage 1, rare complications post surgery, scans every six months, I have empathy for you, most importantly, God is intimately aware and He cares.
Press on.
