Tic Toc tic toc
But what does Barbra76206834 think?
I think they are TRAITORS OF OUR COUNTRY ! They Do Not have our best interest at heart and are failing to protect our Country!
You shouldn't talk so harshly of Obama & Clinton!
IT'S  DOTARD I AM REFERRING TO!
Duh, look up the word, sarcasm!
Are you BORED hon !?? Tweeting like crazy like your DOTARD !??
Go away, you're pathetic!
How about doing something about your responsibility to Americans.....get TF out of OUR Government!!
Outstandingly unquantified?  Make him implement the Russian sanctions. If Merrick Garland was not qualified enough who is? Not these lap dogs.
They need more ass kissers to allow Trump's DACA destruction to resume!  NO more appointments until investigations conclude! Oh yeah....no security clearance=no position....get rid of Kushner et al
Dude how.old are you retire already
Do something. #KAG
I think we should wait for the next presidential election so the voters can decide.
Good thing you're NOT winning, isn't it?! Left/Dems are so exposed; lies, crimes so overwhelming, you won't have WH, Senate, House 2018, 20.
And, do not act like a Flake. Send Jeff Flake into early retirement!
Yeah.
Floorman .
The looting carpetbagger of the chairibu.
Buy by bye birdies.
&Gonna rave
Gonna flare
Gonna go Monty 
Gogo Gadot.
Gogo Gaga
Go home 
Go back go home go rackababby 
Buy bye you.
#Kentuckylegalizesrape 
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#Kentuckylegalizesrape
#traitor POS

CALLING ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS - STAND TALL, STAND STRONG, REMAIN RESOLUTE, BE PATIENT HAVE FAITH - GOD IS ON OUR SIDE - DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT BUT THERE IS STILL MUCH WORK TO BE DONE - TO RENEW YOUR FAITH- Read "TRUMP KEEPING THE DREAM ALIVE" & RT
#FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway #FireConway @KellyannePolls #KellyanneConway @POTUS
For Every Ounce of Truth, There's ten pounds of BULLSHIT!!!
WTF are you trying to say? Dang. Is your mind stuck in the gutter too? I know you can't get laid and your chin looks just like donald's when he is mad but freaking grow tf up.
Thank you and his 200 other nominations that senate has not voted on
You are heinous crooks that will die in jail.
Any McDonnell says anything like this it's time to watch your back
Leader McConnell both you and Speaker Ryan need to stand up and get Congress to defund Mueller’s shameful witch hunt, that has produced zero evidence!  If this was being done against a Democrat President, the Democrats in Congress would never have allowed this to continue!!
You need to resign your NRA backed position as sen majority leader.  You are completely useless as a leader, and repeatedly have not recognized your primary duty: carrying out the will of the majority of Americans. You are as shameless as the monarchy you put in place..
Resign now turtle man nobody wants you!
Rush Limbaugh said you are sabotaging our President, what on earth have you been doing? WHAT IS YOUR AGENDA? I'd like an answer Mitch. Rush also said you haven't done jack s**t to get TRUMP'S CABINET CONFIRMED AND SWORN IN, what's up with that? I am very very angry.
What a hypocritical fool you are, Lack of Leadership, McConnell, you sat scores of judicial nominations for years when Obama was president. Now it is urgent. Wow!!!1 You are exactly why we regular folk can't stand politicians.
You can’t control ‘the baby’! Tariffs, quick yes to North Korea meeting when in fact he wasn’t even invited, guns flip flop, the wall nonsense, ridiculous cabinet appointees & defections, etc.
Wasn't it your "constitutional responsibility" to confirm Obama's pick for SCOTUS, and not arbitrarily decide to wait a year? Just asking for a friend.
Remember when the Dems came up with the great idea of waiting until the next President?  Now that the same idea was used by the Repubs you don't like it?  If it wasn't for double standards, libs would have no standards at all.
@DhunterDawn @POTUS @ChuckGrassley @senjudiciary Is this a joke?  Where was this sense of responsibility 2 yrs ago #MGarland
First ... smarten up! USA isn't "democracy!" USA is representative federal republic. Then figure out USA isn't, won't be socialist hole!
Yes, Mitch. We must work as swiftly as you did for Obama.
Obama had a lot of his nominees approved.  A lot quicker than Trump's.   I know you dems dont care much for facts and all.
OK, Mr. Delay.
He's a bot.
Who?
Mr. DeLay
Oh. I just thought his name was ironic given the topic. Thanks for the heads up though.
Right!  Judicial nominees who never argued a case????? You, Leader McConnell, are the traitor.  Holding up Garland hearings is the single most U.N.-AMERICAN act the Senate Majority Leader has ever done!  SHAME,
How about doing your duty and propose legislation to protect our country and constitution against Russia . Your President hasn’t put congressional sanctions in place yet , is he waiting for a nuclear attack?
Talented? But qualified? Or do qualifications only matter for minorities and women who are minorities?  #MAGA must mean going back to the go ole days of nepotism, quotas of zero, because any other kind of quota is a dirty word. #Sessions must be in heaven, no bothersome EEOC.

Get a clue he is almost gone.

Ban The AR-15 it is a weapon of war and the choice of mass murderers.
Confirming his judicial nominees? After you stole Pres Obama's? And we can assume they will have as much experience as all the other heads he's put into office, which is zero!
https://www.facebook.com/ryan.ward.52438174/posts/1668532659860062 …
Is this really what our constitution is all about? 
Is this what you want Credit for when History writes your Biography?
Right. 
#NRAKillsKids 
#NRATerroristOrganization 
#NRABloodMoney 
#BanMilitaryAssaultWeapons 
have you not yet discovered your Constitutional Responsiblity? 
Conservative Supreme Court Justice tells you what the #NRA  is 
Even #Regan said an Ak-47 isn't a sporting weapon
I say hold off on the votes until we get a legitimate President

 shut up! Enough of the BS!
“Outstanding” isn’t the word.

#rubberstampMitch
Why don’t you try carrying your elected duties to run this country without an obviously deranged president?
All of you enablers will be remembered for your roles in this mess.
Outstanding LOL!
Vote blue

Because you care so much about the Constitution. You're the goddamn devil.
A responsibility you totally failed and abdicated under the Obama administration.
You take no responsibility. You change the rules and have a freaking loon as POTUS. You are on your way to hell Mitch w/ a stop at jail first.
That is more important than saving children's  lives.  Can possibly pass gun control it would leave you without the millions you get from the NRA. You sick SOB
#ConfirmGrenell please! 
Sir, reality is you wouldn't know the Constitution if you tripped over it, nor would Grassley.   

Your actions over the past decade have equated the Constitution with the lining material in a pair of Depends.
Retire OLD MAN you are not REVALENT any more, go home collect SS and keep that GRAVELY voice quiet  and give us a break, Republican controlis finished in November and you KNOW IT!!!

Just like you did Merrick Garland?
You are nothing but a owned  traitor Mitch you need to go back in your hole troll you do nothing but spite our democracy
At this point, the mere mention of Mitch drops my IQ several points
No doubt this whole Administration is killing our brain cells the Surgeon General should impeach Trump now to save us all lol if only possible.
Constitutional responsibility?  Like giving Merrick Garland a fair hearing when the previous POTUS still had nearly a year left of his term? Like defending us from the Russian attack on our electoral system?  You, sir, are a partisan hack at the very least, or perhaps a traitor.
agreed.  They have come a long way from the party and people they used to be.
Buffoon.
Let’s continue our civil duty and do everything we can to vote out every single Republican & prosecute all traitors.
you're a hypocrite and a fraud.  You will go down in history with the worst of the worst.
There is more to our humanity than your Constitutional responsibility, like morality, ethics, care, mercy. That you have abandoned by support for this POTUS.
No, let’s not.
Most of what you call outstanding judicial nominees can’t even answer basic law school questions.
But they’ll be loyal to Trump is what the most important factor, no matter how incompetent they are, isn’t that right SenateMajLdr McConnell?
#BanAssaultWeapons
Hypocritical pig. History will trash you. Your grandkids are changing their last names to avoid association with you. Right now it's between Hitler and Manson, both being improvements.
This is seriously *all* you care about. Why? You ruined Congress and now you want to stain the Judicial Branch too. Just how many lockers did you get shoved in as a kid? Most of us didn’t do anything to you. Lay off!
Stop lying!  You all know that most of the nominees are not qualified to even run a mock trial let alone be a judge.
You scoundrel
They are undoubtedly right wing extremists.
The world is laughing at you  Yertyle
Y’all will be needing some friendly judges soon. 
Crooks!
Shut up turtle..you're complicit
You’re a disgrace to this country, your office & to every decent hardworking tax payer whom you shame by calling us entitled when you have healthcare and pension guaranteed for life paid by us. We All Must Live With Mitch McConnell’s Proudest Moment
You should be impeached before your possible indictment
Yeah, he's hoping they will be in place to help him in his time of need.
Retire you old fool
Mr MacDonalds, If they find out you helped the Russians rig the election by directing the RNC to work with Don Trumps trollers, you are toast old gas bag. Sure am hoping this is true because you really need to be put out of your misery.
hey mittchie poo, how about GFY and bring some good nominees forward
Let’s pass DACA
Where was your “constitutional responsibility” with Obama’s nominee? Your hypocrisy is beyond belief!
You’re a sellout Old Boy. Tick tick.


We need government providing accountability, protection & intergrity NOT awful excuse after awful excuse for this scandal ridden administration!
Your time is up. Change is coming. A large number of people have decided you are no longer relevant or needed. Some of you will need a new career in 2018.
Do we really have to read daily hate statements. I mean honestly people. Let's just be friends.
So What .@SenateMajLdr is admitting to is that he DID NOT do his constitutional duty in 2016! He needs to resign today!
How about you do something about getting the German ambassador position confirmed!! @RichardGrenell
Stop delaying Mitch
No let's thank @realDonaldTrump he's the man changing the Swamp. You need to follow through and do what you have been elected to do. you've wasteed enough time now start today do something bold for a GOVT employee... #SomeWork
You’re a disgrace.
How about we NOT and instead UN-ELECT you and your cronies and get some REAL congressional leaders that LISTEN to “WE THE PEOPLE”
@SenateDems @TheDemocrats #TermLimits #Midterms2018 #2018Midterms
Just like you did with Merrick Garland.  What a two faced boob.

Is this a joke?

What would you know of constitutional responsibility in confirming a president's nominee? You refused to do the same with Obama. That makes you a  hypocrite. We see through your disgraceful words and actions.
To call any of Trump’s nominees outstanding is delusional!
Ha! You're funny
Nothing outstanding comes from POTUS
Let's talk about what's really important - Hope Hicks - who met with House Intel for roughly nine hours - would NOT answer questions about her role in drafting the misleading statement last year once Donald Trump Jr meeting with Russians was revealed
Merrick Garland.
Your definition outstanding is perverted.
So now the #DemocracyThief urges confirmations? Oh the irony #NotMySupremeCourt
Translation: let’s get this done before we’re forced to impeach POTUS based on the information from Mueller.
U mean the ones u should have filled under #44 But decided to hold hostage
Oh right!!! Like you did with Obama’s?  Where was the constitutional obligation there you sack of skin?
@KellyannePolls what "white lies" are you telling today?
No, if Trump starts campaigning then we must wait & let the American people decide.  Isn’t that what you said?
You pissed on Constitutional responsibility two years ago, you ass-munching fraud.
No more of his #bestpeople we have enough crooks.
Whoa there Charley! The name Matthew Petersen ring any bells? You know, the @realDonaldTrump nominee who had never conducted a trial and couldn’t answer basic legal questions?
You have to have started you responsibility first.  The only observable behavior today date is abdication of your vaulted responsibility.
Hmmmm then if that's the case, MAKE THE EMPEROR TO INFORCE THE SANCTIONS CONGRESS VOTED FOR. TREASON.  YOUR EMPEROR IS ALLOWING A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INFLUENCE ELECTION. I GET IT. RUSSIAN INFLUENCE IS HELPING REPUBLICANS SO ITS OK. YOU'RE GETTING CLOSER TO TREASON TOO
Change the Senate rules and go with 51 for passing and get something done. 60 is a stupid level that allows the dems to control the senate not you. Wake up!
Why is a turtle asking me to support a racist, unqualified judicial candidate?
#McTurtle

The fact you asked proves my point. Bye loser.
Why won’t you defend our nation from the Russians?
You had a constitutional responsibility to confirm Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court and you didn’t.
Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Merrick Garland.  Your tweet, like you, is a cynical joke and a disgrace to the US Senate.
The incompetence of these nominees is staggering. All his nominees. This is a cartoon government and you enable it. You are a clown.
Traitor
Just like we did with Obama’s nominees, amirite?

Lol IKE YOU DIDN'T FOR OBAMA?
Continue?You haven't cared about the constitution since you came to power. You care about power&money like the sick **** in the oval office!
Bahahahahahaha yeah only the best people.
Nuclear option now? Enough is enough do your job and fill these positions ASAP. STOP letting the democrats run Congress by resisting every nomination
Why wasn't it your Constitutional responsibility under the previous administration? I think it was.
A full year of blocking even a hearing over supreme court replacement during Obama presidency.
What about constitutional responsibility did you forget with Merrick Garland, jackass?
It'd be a whole lot more credible if the Bar Association could help.  Respect is a two way street.  It would save the GOP the embarrassment of attempting to vet people who have never performed in a courthouse or worse yet lack a law degree.
We will vote you out and pray to reverse the damage you all have done to the country.
Yes please Mitch - as soon as possible! Absolutely crucial every appointment is confirmed - soonest. The Democrat/ liberal filth are trying to usurp the Constitution and President Trump - through liberal judge judicial over-reach.
HOLD UP THE EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE! LETS HOLD OF THE RULE OF LAW & CENSURE COFFEE BOY NUNES IF HE HAS ISSUE OPEN UP 1of UR FAKE INVESTIGA.'s
Grassley is the biggest embarrassment to come out of Iowa since Hoover!
Lets get rid of @realDonaldTrump first. Thats much more important for the country and the only way you get around obstruction.
Hey Mitch, we need to wait until next November because, just because. 11/06/18 you, too can file for unemployment.
#hypocrite
You are the guy who blocked President Obama's constitutionally correct appointment for the Supreme Court.  You have no right to talk about constitutional responsibility.
What about his other appointments Ambassdors Undersecretaries are also important don’t let Dem obstruction be behind the scenes do your damn job and get them appointed and highlight Dem obstruction
Agreed. Get these judges in there at all levels so libs cannot legislate from the bench
I DISLIKE THE TURTLE-MAN
How about Congress gets some values and backbone and starts the impeachment process that should have happened months ago? Oh, wait, that's right - you do ANYTHING @realDonaldTrump says ever since he hired your wife! HYPOCRITE!

Oh man! Do you need lube again, or just a mint this time?
Whatever, turtle boy
Where was your patriotism when @BarackObama was @potus? You should be ashamed of yourself.
How about this Mitch???
How about you address this first?
Traitor

Hey @SenateMajLdr how about forcing @realDonaldTrump to impose #RussianSanctions
it seems as if your new constitutional responsibility is letting Putin do whatever he wants to my country 
