Drum roll, please.... Oh, it was just that. After delaying sanctions against Russia for months, he tossed a few Russian spy-diplomats. Not like they need spies in America anymore, ever since Putin stuck his hand in the puppet.
Still waiting.
Didn't happen did it? He should have imposed the sanctions that congress voted on but he didn't. Know why? Cuz he's #PutinsPuppet
Problem is those people where agreed upon ahead of time by Putin. Want to see @potus really take action he could start by executing the sanctions he signed off on almost a year ago. WEAK on Russian too weak for America!
@cnn check out which Russian diplomats were expelled
Yeah -- donnie will do something right after he calls Vlad and says "Sorry, Vlad -- I'm going to have to do something - I have to look tough, and hide the fact that I do what you want me to do."
What do you think about golden shower?
Yea!  What will that aggressive action look like?  Trump ignoring the fiscal take over of America by Russia?

Breaking

Switcharoo, not Expulsion…
Lolololololololololololololololololol Lolololololololololololololololololol Lolololololololololololololololololol Lolololololololololololololololololol Lolololololololololololololololololol Lolololololololololololololololololol Lolololololololololololololol #presidentshit4brains
Rather too little too late!
What?  Dd he outlaw Russian dressing?
Kellyanne Conway, the agent in charge of subversion rhetoric from Kremlin ties.
I'm still watching. Haven't seen anything aggressive yet. Very passive, in fact. Your husband has been more aggressive than that. You should both run very far away from this FAKE presidency. #trumpRussia #Resist
Video of Trump’s response and future plans to combat Russian interference.
You mean the way Obama drew a read line in Syria as Russia stepped over it? What was Obama’s response? Or must have been in 2014 when Obama was told the Russians were attempting to interfere in our elections, and Obama did NOTHING.
ok  here come the pee pee tapes, comrade
Give Putin a night,you can’t give to your wife ,let him have at and ,problems solved
#Russia's state TV reports that an unnamed high-level White House source quietly told the Russians that the number of Russian diplomats in the U.S. is not being cut (they can send 60 other diplomats to replace the ones being expelled). They quote the source: "The doors are open."
AMERICAN MEDIA: The Trump White House is expelling 60 Russian Diplomats.

RUSSIAN MEDIA: The White House quietly told the Kremlin that it can send 60 new Russian diplomats to replace the ones being expelled.

CONCLUSION: Donald Trump is still conspiring against the United States.
"Most" aggressive????  How about ONLY?  What a joke!
Did he ever get around to applying the sanctions?
Well that article kinda pooted out didn't it Nicky Haley???
He already committed to swallow. It's the name of the bird of his love for Putin Cock.
It’s all a game and Putin’s knows what Trump is really doing.
Well......still waiting
Only after consultation with Putin. It's called "plausible deniability"
The only one thus far!!!  Thank God - finally!!!
@KellyannePolls , did somebody hack your husband’s phone? Or are you getting a divorce? Those are the only two possibilities.
Please leave President Trump alone and let him do his job.  He wants to make America great again, but people won’t let him.  They are afraid he will do that and the Democrats will look bad!
Just wish he'd keep his junk in his shorts.
What kind of name is weewillie winkle?  I still love President Trump and I am a normal person, not a crazy person!
Not saying your not normal, maybe a little missed, but agree this must play out.  If you were from NJ you would understand our feelings on Mr. TRUMP.  HE SCREWED SO many contractors at his casinos it would make your head spin.
Good job
He cannot control his own administration,  he is afraid of puttin.
My president is our Power House
Where are those sanctions? In his desk drawer?
It’s about time!
Well, I mean, when the baseline is 0, any actions seems extreme
Once he gets his lips off Putin's shiny little Russian butt.
I sure hope after you serve your 8 years that your daughter will run because me and my family will vote for her the Trump family is an amazing family true American Patriots
Is it true your husband joined team Mueller?
it's a joke. how 'bout those sanctions
It’s about time that wimpy little draft dodger President Trump take some action against the Russians. He’s been kissing Putin’s ass for a year now.  Nice to see a little aggressiveness against Putin.  He's weak, have no fear!
Laughable.
He did this because he had no chioice.  It would hve looked too terrible for even him.  No cheers for Trump here.  He should have done that immediately when PM May did.
WHICH is not really news since #FakePresidentTrump #TraitorTrump has done NOTHING to punish Putin. LMAO!
He would have looks stupid, if he hadn't. Like getting out of the Paris Agreement.
He's NOT doing Anything! He's never has gotten on the Stage an Took Russian Down like Any other President would have done! He let's every one else do his Dirty Work, including Fireing  people! The President is a COWARD!
For over a year, we've waited for Trump to apply economic sanctions on Russia, to state publicly that Putin is a dictator and we will not tolerate his interference in our government.  Still waiting.
No version of Trump is very formidable now! I'm completely frustrated with him after he signed the 1.3 trillion dollar OMNIBUS SPENDING BILL. He's proven himself to be a small, bendable man, who seems to lack UNCOMPROMISED CORE VALUES to stand upon & fight for. #TrumpBaseBetrayal
Trump had to be coerced into joining this NATO/EU effort. Trump congratulated Putin on his “win” last week. Trump has still failed to implement Congressional sanctions against Putin oligarchs and Russia’s energy/military sector.
We were promised sanctions a few weeks ago and still nothing.
The only Meaningful RUSSIAN SANCTIONS that have teeth in them and work (NK) are the FINANCIAL RUSSIAN SANCTIONS. Everything else is meaningless. Sad Trump is too Cowardly to enforce them
Smoke and http://mirrors.It  means nothing and was probably Putins idea. Mueller is getting so close

Oh come on KAC, it is bizarre Trump congratulated Putin last week for outright stealing his own Election. The Seattle expulsion only hurts Russians visiting their families. Wishy washy considering how fond he is of Putin & comes 15 months after our Election was hijacked.
@KellyannePolls WHEN IS THE POTUS GOING TO ANNOUNCE THE EXPULSION?  WE HAVE ACTUALLY OBSERVED AND HEARD TRUMPS SUPPORT FOR PUTIN.  WE DONT LIVE IN YOUR ALTERNATE REALITY... #TruthMatters
Is he actually going to say anything about it, or just let the nebulous "Administration" do his work for him? I assume talking about it would trigger the Kremlin retaliation he's so worried about.
Faint praise indeed.
Call home Kellyanne. Your children are very concerned.
Kellyanne- why dont you tell us about how your husband is embarrassed by you and rightly has been criticizing Trump? Is it 
 because your entire family wants to distance themselves from your neurotism/mental illnes? Or because of your flirting/other behavior at parties?
So he refused to bend over & Vlad had to be content with just a blow job this time.
George tells it like it is....
Finally! How about the rest of the actions as requested by an almost unanimous legislature? Glad to see Trump finally doing something legitimate. Keep this up and Putin will tell all :). #republicans4impeachment
LOL, as he remains SILENT and calls Putin to say ‘please don’t be mad at me...’.
Watch for Trump to take his FIRST and ONLY aggressive actions against Russia.
Kellyanne,  you are hands down one of the most savvy, smartest persons in politics.  Thank you for your service to us.  And may I say, you get prettier by the day.  Your sweet heart is just as evident.
Wait for it..............
First he imports them then he expels them! Maybe their work of interfering with the electoral process was over or mueller was eyeing them for an indictment!
The russians he is expelling are probably not essential to putin. Trump has been borrowing money from putin's bank for years, so this expulsion is just for show.
Then he’s gonna call them on the phone and say “congratulations “ and he didn’t mean it

@KellyannePolls

Putin calls out the NWO & knows what they're trying to do. Did he really order poisoning or is it a setup?
@KellyannePolls

Under H&O: Dems sell Russia 20% US Uranium, try a reset, & mock the idea they're a threat. Now: Russia=BAD



 
Thanks for the laugh! #TrumpIsPutinsASSet #IllegitimatePresident #ImpeachTrump
Dangle the carrot so no one watches the shit show Trump does daily.
What took so long?

Needs a distraction.

Sad
He has to take action.  Otherwise, it continues to prove his guilt.
What really. Was he forced ? like when he actually applied the sanctions that were 4-5 months old ?
TOO LITTLE TOO LATE & trying to divert attention from Stormy Daniels not gonna work
Is this why he called Putin??? To coordinate his move.
When does he fire @KellyannePolls? #Ethics violations.

Public/political pressure on trump works! We’ll have to ratchet that up a little more.
I can’t believe that are still People who are naively repeating that Trump is a puppet master of Putin instead of  rather say that the Clintons have been the puppet master of Putin by allowing themselves with Obama complicity to sell USA’s best uranium assets 2russia.
That maybe the Only way to get along with him.
Beside the fact that expelling the 60 Russians are overtaking and eclipsing last night 60 minutes piece, why Trump is pleasing the Deep State before even having any tangible proofs of the kremlin’s alleged culpability ? Don’t get it!
MSM should allow POTUS to govern. His results are improving our country! #Neverenough #NoConspiracy
Too little...too late
He didn't want to do it.... he's been forced to do it!

Newton's third law, re: equal and opposite reaction - somehow this was ok'd by big boss Pootie, and we'll get a quiet replacement of all 60 very shortly.
It's almost like there is a news story he's trying to divert attention from...
President Trump,  unlike the powder puff obummer, is putting America first when it comes to countries like Russia, China, and Iran.
Well that's not saying much. All I've seen so far is Trump toadying to Putin and bipartisan sanctions languishing on Trump's desk.

Why ??  You have to be brain-dead to take "actions" like this without any proof.  It's more fake news by Russiaphobes and those who hate Christian Russia.
And watch trump begin to panic when putin gets cranky. Pee tape exposure??
He better be careful. Pee pee tape
https://twitter.com/bshopkin/status/978266477181722624?s=19 …
He does like to get along.
About damn time!  Guess he had to wait until his call to Putin to get his permission! #PtinsPuppets
Finally trying to act like a president. Too little, too late.
Wait... This was announced last week. Why are We expected to watch now?
It’s about time.... 
Just to distract from everything thing and/or he was pressured...
The same Russia he colluded with?
Doesn't make up for @realDonaldTrump  congratulating Putin on his victory! #TrumpMisfits
@KellyannePolls @bpolitics “hey Putin, I have to do something to take the pressure off of me. I don’t meant it”.
hysterical
Just bring lube
But the expulsions will align Trump with European allies who feel threatened by Russia and have had a turbulent relationship with the U.S. president, including U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. this is bull ... Now he's in bed with his critic's?
Ha! This is his MOST AGGRESSIVE action?
Did your Cyber Security Head get to go ahead to stop what’s going on with Russia’s ‘hands in our power grids or hacking of our election systems?




Because he can’t take an aggressive action against Stormy and McDougal?
Maybe I'm wrong, but it seems it would be more effective if Trump would focus on the more dangerous totalitarian fascist globalists running around within our borders and attacking our Republic than on Russia. People like Soros, MSM, Facebook, Twitter, Google, and YouTube.
Guess he needs to distract from the porn Star problem.
Why so late and why so light?
50 lashes with a wet noodle?
I will believe it when I see it
It's hard for Trump to punish his Puttie.
Sure he will
Per Putin for optics.
Can't wait for a headline that says "watch Trump take his most aggressive actions yet against illegal aliens including DACAs and their families."  They are a major threat to the American way of life.
McMaster forced Trump’s hand on this one all the plans were made before Trump fired McMaster. Good job General well played
As did the Soviets achieve the realization of what Reagan was made of when he fired The air traffic controllers Who refused to come off their strike, the Russians will as well do with D.J.T.  
And just what did Putin do now? Secure his borders... ban LGBT parades? Require religious teaching in school? Give his people a sense of national identity and racial pride? Guilty as charged!
Let’s not start a war just because of left handed idiots to make a point of no Russia collusion
His boss won’t be pleased
It’s about time!
@KellyannePolls #hahaha
That’s a pretty low bar to clear
Kick out the diplomats?  Will someone please tell me how that is any kind of punishment.  I think it's nothing.
60 Russian diplomats... Well goodness that'll teach them! They can't possibly get anything done with only 390 diplomats left!

*golf clap*
Believe me: we're watching! Waiting for Trump to stop kowtowing to Putin and every other tin pot dictator he can find.
His most aggressive action yet? Are you kidding? At this point, Trump refusing to fluff Vlad’s pillow would be the most aggressive action yet.

Putin knows that he was with his daughter time will tell all
Well that went over well.
Good morning @KellyannePolls — when are you going to respond to any of the numerous emails I’ve sent you requesting an interview about the administration’s opioid strategy? It certainly won’t take more time than one or two @FoxNews hits.

No one cares anymore. He has done too much destruction to our nation and the world.
Alternative facts !!!
Slimy Donnie is finally going to do something. Wow. It’s been over a year and long overdue. Sounds like today’s deflection from Slimy Donnie’s real problems.

There is also a sign that North Korea is about to launch a long-range ballistic missile.
Being shamed into it or did he realize they hid more sanctions in the bill he just signed ?
He won’t swallow this time ?
Whatever

gov has been running the ‘show’ over several presidents. Is it possible, unscrupulous presidents are ‘elected’ to take blame (not saying they’re innocent) in the event of being exposed ? 
Protections for S-S Started 1978, (Marcy). Perfect timing for an incomin…

Selling weapons to Ukraine so they can defend themselves against Russia is probably a more aggressive move
