PEACE AND BLESSING AND INCREASE ABUNDANTLY UPON YOU AND YOUR FAMILY AND POSITION. SHALOM IN CHRIST
How much will the toll be on the Putin Parkway?
They Sydney Morning Herald: Top US officials tell European foreign policy leaders to ignore President Donald Trump
Actually took 410 days 2 build Empire State Building & because happened so fast, took 5 construction workers lives. Tell me how much is a life worth? Right now a school child is worth only “thoughts and prayers” 2 republicans. Some ppl don’t value human life unless it’s a fetus
Day 399

Walls: 0
FBI investigations: 1
Government shutdowns: 2
Guilty pleas: 3
Indictments: 15
Golf trips: 94
Temp security clearances: 130
Mass shootings: 450
Porn star hush money: $130,000 + $150,000
Puerto Ricans without power: 900,000
Annual deficit: $1 trillion ++

Winning!
I couldn't agree more. The  Bureaucracy just to get a road repaired is incredibly Ridiculous.. it costs so much just to have different agencies to evaluate a pothole that it was cheaper and quicker for our community to go out and purchase the coldmix and repair them ourselves
Well said and so true
"Simple road" @WhiteHouse cant even do a simple budget,  "who knew it would be this hard" @realDonaldTrump bunch of #Genious 
At the cost of
Rah!
GOD BLESS YOU MA'AM
President Trump showed the necessary diplomacy to back down our Korean Advisory!
THANK YOU FOR HELPING TO SALVAGE OUR GREAT NATION
Wake up American! In past 10 years, China built 10,000 miles of high speed rail& freeway, 1000 ports, bridges, and many more.
u all prefer wars to nation building.
When a bad guy is beating up a kid in my community, I know I should pause my DIY project and do something else. You?
meaning?
It will now be a vehicle for The Trump Corperstion to bulldoze wherever and whoever it wants. America: Fuck Yeah
Yea, instead, let’s have a fake-president financially raping the tax payers and working a family business through conflicts of interest.
Of course they continued with the cost analysis anyway stating "we have to justify our funding somewhere " there goes our taxes again
@KellyannePolls ...good day  when offer peace?!
via @ColMorrisDavis
You know you’re working in a sh*thole administration when the murder of 17 kids & teachers is viewed as a “reprieve” from the cesspool you’re mired in.

@realDonaldTrump  https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/for-the-weary-white-house-florida-shooting-offered-a-reprieve-from-scandals/2018/02/19/04293442-158a-11e8-92c9-376b4fe57ff7_story.html … …

"Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University. He's playing members of the American public for suckers: He gets a free ride to the White House, and all we get is a lousy hat.” …
They also didn't have OSHA then. It's a whole lot faster if you don't care about pesky things like worker safety or the environment . Smh
It should take that long to get a permit. U usually end up displacing  homes, business & ppl's lives when it happens. Then u have environmental concerns, infrastructure, etc. Stop making 'due process" the bad guy.
Please investigate why it is taking so long for the repairs at Lake Perris in Southern California we could have used that last year to save a lot of the rainwater that went to waste.
One word California. The most liberal government in the US.
The people you voted in feel it's more important to give the money to support illegals.
That's Hollywood's cast of clowns, I didn't vote for them.

Hey Tweeties! I need your help. I'm going to compile lists of statistics and corporations that pertain to the NRA. If you want to help or know a place I can get these lists, please DM me with the info. I'll take any and all, but we need to make sure it's accurate. Thank you 
So we should not build roads?  Or repair those that exist that our children and their children will be driving on?  Infrastructure is the weakest link in any environment. Have a solid one and you can adapt, create stability, and reduce risk.
By IMMIGRANTS
BUREAUCRATS! Am i right? Pshhhh!

The incredible shrinking president. A moral pygmy in the highest office in the land. The breathtaking narcissism of turning a tragedy into something that somehow exonerates him. Truly twisted. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/965075589274177536 …
Yeah I think that's how CA does it.
very persuasive argument, for an infant
Suggest WH have a monthly briefing to the people regarding the major accomplishments of this administration not reported by the main stream media. Focus on the current month but summarize all accomplishments to get and keep the people up to date.
As a contractor it “is” a disgrace to go through government road blocks because a few special interest people have to much influence on weak politicians that bend over for a few loud mouths!
Yes, please ease the permit process to help Trump expand his business empire to keep it from going under.  LMAO!
I bet you were a witting tool.
The State of Washington has been working on SR167 to I-5 and Port of Tacoma since 1991.  Bulldozer expected to start moving next year. @POTUS
Don't any of you understand those who oppose regulations I mean that these regulations are safety for the humans regulations safety for the workers regulations as for unions go on YouTube and look for Pete Seeger's which side are you on Union woman forever
We don't need New Roads what we need is our bridges fixed our roads fixed
Empire state building -1930- no oversight for safety- 5 deaths reported.  Yeah, let’s hurry up and build.. pesky safety gets in the way #housefullofidiots
ONLY DISGRACE IS THIS WHITE HOUSE

A shitstorm is about to come down on Russia! @benshapiro @ChrisLoesch @DLoesch @RealJamesWoods @realjack @mitchellvii @BradThor @joerogan @Benaskren @TimKennedyMMA …
Yes and it needs to stop clear the way for building.
America was a better place then! Better leadership, honest government!
Does this ring a bell? @TEN_GOP. 
The Whitehouse and the Banana Republicans a basket of deplorable lying cheats, and a fringe of lunatics.
13 Russian nationals indicted for meddling in our elections thanks to Mueller.  At least someone is doing something about it. If we leave it up to Dictator Donald Tyrant Trump and the dysfunctional Whitehouse,  nothing would ever be done.
Go Trump GO!
This is disgusting.
Change is needed
God Bless our POTUS and our country 
Liars! You don’t fool us. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Everyone in the SWAMP have too get their piece of the action!!!
Yea Fake whatever’s and gas was 12cents a gallon, there was less government and people died in its construction. Get yo## up on history
#MAGA
No, they’ll cut all the red tape that MAKE THEM SAFER! No thanks. Build cheap get cheap!!!
How much asbestos was in the Empire State Building?
YOU ARE A DOG WOFFF
I tell you who's a disgrace it's that Steve guy. Don't believe a word he says!
Hope Potus has some of his job overseers ready to keep jobs running on time without cost over runs. Let unions know we are all in this for AMERICA. Union leaders have got to be put on notice.
Empire state building only takes up one square block, a road can cover thousands of miles
@TomiLahren @TeaPainUSA @realDonaldTrump @RealDonaldTrFan @MELANIATRUMP @DonaldJTrumpJr @TomSteyer @Dangchick1 @CNN @MSNBC @krassenstein
We...... you didn't build anything bro.
So, that is why @BarackObama could not created "Shovel ready jobs" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skAOLejB4BA …
"Shovel-Ready Was Not as Shovel-Ready as We Expected": The Obama Stimulus Record
It’s a disgrace that scandals plague our WH!  From sexual assault to misuse of funds.
Build the wall! Build a road on top of the wall!
It does not take ten years to get a permit for a “simple road”. The Trumps also pay building officials to get faster permits. This is a bold faced lie
Those were great times, especially when there were none of those silly safety precautions!

It took 15 years to replace the World Trade Center in New York City at Ground Zero. Why, because of the city fathers and the mayor.
how about putting 30 million into PROTECTING OUR CHILDREN FROM CRAZED GUN OWNERS instead of using the $ to pacify our leaders ego. LOGIC IS IMPORTANT.
BLAH BLAH BLAH....DEMS ARE UNSEATING RETURIKKANTS IN MANY MANY MANY ELECTIONS, EVEN IN STATES THAT VOTED FOR DOTARD BACK IN 2016
Judges can't  make laws in the USA. Time to put an end to this.
You should know who should be paid to expedite...as you gamed the system.
D.C.: Roadblocks,speed bumps & everyone's favorite: potholes.
CONS in CONgress give lip service to reform while they busily obstruct justice, spit on our Constitution, & steal the rights of U.S. citizens.

Meanwhile, CONgress gets filthy rich with blood-money from every type of corruption & vile black marketing imaginable.

Prepare gallows.
Everyone one is talking about the environment to build a road. Yet what people don't seem to get is that there are a lot of red tape to fix or rebuild an existing road also. Let the potus do his job and fix it. As Americans you should be proud our potus is willing to do something
Oh yes, protecting the environment is such a bad thing.  Thanks for exaggerating the actual situation.
The picture you posted is of the Weeks pedestrian bridge near Harvard University. This Anderson Bridge you called out is below. Yes, you have a hard job, made nearly impossible by an unfettered infant w/ a twitter acct. I pulled this pic w/ a simple google search.  Try it
Get off the couch, walk over to your boss and tell him to sign an executive order to BAN AR-15, bump stocks and all types of assault weapons.
Yeah back when america was great, robert moses quickly made parks and roads by wiping out.poor and minority neighborhoods.
How come it takes 2 years to see @POTUS  taxes?

Yes! Good! Agree % NO MORE ROADBLOCKS OR RED TAPE. UNLEASH AMERICAN INGENUITY & ABILITY NOW!! #MAGA
Happy v-day Donald God bless you and yours
Can’t believe this 10 years. Then another ten years to do the job. Really!?
Because progress sucks - protecting lives and the environment sucks - acknowledging the world has changed sucks - why can’t we just go back in time?
Release your tax returns con man
The disgrace is that someone like you can work in the WH.
How long will it take to build a tomb over the Stormy Daniels story now that she’s free of the non-disclosure agreement? Thanks to Cohen, we will learn if Trump is the Great Builder he claims to be.
Amen! Whatever had to common sense? Excessive regulations are bad for America! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #Trump2020

THANK You President Trump!

Great President Trump and First Lady MAGA

#Treason #FiringSquad #DeathToTraitors
Looking forward to our American President and American success
There no such thing as a simple road. UR full of crap. There are considerations that MUST be looked at. Stop spreading bullshit. @TheRickWilson @chrislhayes @davidfrum @funder @maddow @JoyAnnReid @NicolleDWallace @Lawrence @tribelaw #TrumpCrimeFamily #DonTheCon #Resistance
There are a lot of misrepresentations here. The Empire State Building took almost two years to build. There were 15 changes to the design before the final plan. The accelerated pace of construction cost five lives. No project takes 10 years to get a permit.
Do your research.  The Empire State Building part was mostly right.  It was built in just over a year and a month.  The permit part....it takes an average of 5-ish years (give or take a few months) to get one to build a road, not 10.
Are looking for a professional a #video #intro for your #YouTube #channel. Please contact: http://goo.gl/vUAUKG 
That's a shame. Almost as disgraceful as the box of vegetables you are proposing to give my daughter and her child every month. Plus my granddaughter's health insurance is being canceled at the end of February.  They live on Social Security! What next?? Pathetic !
Amen!!!!!!!!!
Cut this red trap now.
Excellent -  because I want to build a new road in NYC but the Trump tower is in the way.
We had an earthquake here in LA some years back. It dropped a section of elevated freeway. It was bid out to private contractors with a bonus if completed early. It was and is still standing today. You can have quality without a bunch of frivolous restrictive rules.
Shall we be expecting Trump shanties popping up soon, you know that's why permits are being overhaul. Fuck this guy.
KAC is a liar and well paid to do so, lost her soul for money. DT doesn't comprehend that safety is the primary reason the infrastructure codes are so cumbersome. DT couldn't care less if ppl die from inadequate safety measures. He's a low life
RANCHERS/FARMERS HURTING, HOW ABOUT US? 
GOVT., COULD BUY DIRECTLY FROM US TO FEED PEOPLE ON FOOD STAMPS INSTEAD OF HANDING OUT $$ THAT IS OFTEN USED FOR OTHER THINGS!

Get rid of the riders on the bills and things might move along quicker. #Infrastructure #InfrastructureScam
#maga POTS Mr. Trump!
What's your method to get all these permits approved so quickly under the table bribes?
Funny. Funny. How about get the government out of the way. No bribes needed. Big government slows progress.
#CleanHouse!
Any day is a great day to honor your boo. Your every kiss doesn't actually begin with Kay. Please reconsider that expensive gift and dinner at a crowded restaurant tonight and donate that money to someone who can't afford food. Or healthcare. Or a home. You'll be glad you did. 
1 year to build the Empire State Building in the uk that would take well over 2 decades absolute shambles this country is ridiculous!
y yo creía que la burocracia solamente era lenta en España.
Or to get a security clearance?
mmm...are we going to use forced or slave labor this time around?
This is a lie. It's purpose is to justify deregulation in advance of selling off our national infrastructure to corporations.
We are shoved ready.
We?
Inaccurate!

1yr 45days
410days

NOT
365.
Gotta agree on this one point. #CutTheTape
There is so much “Red Tape”
To do any building.  Our townships make sure if you have the money to do any building, they get their cut.
It is Ridiculous and criminal as far as I am concerned!!!
Support our President in a supportive way and not in a pesimistic way.  He is giving his salary toward rebuilding America.  With his past experience he ceretainly knows how to build infastructure in America.
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul Stop speed of forward movement, stop America and American competitiveness.
There is a bridge below. Jump
Houston had no zoning laws and look what happened last summer. Once again, you have no clue about how any aspect of our govt is supposed to work.
Recently here in southern Indiana a lot of our rural roads have been repaved. I'm very thankful for that!
The Roman Legions built a bridge across the Rhine in 3 days.
Yes
Hopefully this will filter down to local governments where building a 6 pled can take 2 years for a permit.
It took longer to replace the bridge because the bridge is a popular crossing (by foot, bike, car, and bus) between Allston and Cambridge and has been kept open to traffic during repairs. Repairing in place is more difficult than building from scratch.
Time to streamline the government that is  getting too big but too unproductive and inefficient!  Federal jobs should not be made the Iron Rice Bowl any more!
And everyone wonders why American Intra-structure is in shambles and rated a D+.It's because Local and Federal Approvals and Permits take to damn long(Years)!Plus all these delays Contributed to Unemployment in America.Democrates are too stupid to grasp these concepts.
Depends where this SIMPLE road is..
Just putting this out there.... One year ago.... Trump & his staff were trying to figure out how to work the lights in OUR White House..  
But tRump will be.!

New #binance pump group! Make quick #money by boosting the #exchange! Join our #Discord now! We will not start pumping til we reach 2k+ members in this group.
Weekly Lotto drawing as well! Join now while its still free!
