The doctors who overprescribe are big problem. It will not stop drug cartel. Hope those who are patients with chronic pain will not be jeopardized. There are those that need help. I pray for them.
We are. Had 4 Rhizotomies on my back, working up 2 #5, and an unstabe SI joint. Have PTSD too. Was told today by primary, Benzos and Opioids a no go. I'm not an addict and take meds when absolutely necessary. As of today, no pain meds prescribed. Well looks like bed will be F/T.
I'm so sorry. I can relate. And I hate that people are being grouped as some kind of horrible addicts because of several illnesses or conditions that they have no control or cure for. Not everyone who takes medication  is bad nor are they addicts.
Not are they criminals. Wish people would talk about this.
Who do we talk to. No one listens. I’ve followed the rules for 8 yrs. never pissed dirty nothing. Now my quality of life gets to suffer. Depression is back worse then ever, can’t play with my kids, nothing. No one can help. Sad thing is it’s only going to get worse.
Notice how the good people with real pain issues have to suffer as a result of those that abuse these medications. I am just so physically and emotionally exhausted. Please keep the faith, especially during these difficult times. That gets me through. Blessings to you.
Problem is if good people have it lazy bad people will steal it. So we cause law bidding citizens to suffer!! Like firearms restrictions good people abiding by the law turn over their guns criminals can't steal them. Ammo same thing!!!
Seriously, right? I have only been out of my room about a dozen times since Oct. My nieces and nephews made a long trip to see me & my husband.We're at the beach. Thinking about heading to the ER. Pain is absolutely incredible. The only other thing is to take up drinking for pain
I did loose a close friend to this, I help  her son now but I am on opioids and have had mine cut down to the 100 mg the CDC says we can have. Please remember some of us have tried everything ( multiple surgeries) and we live in constant pain daily and are doing the best we can
I cant get surgery. Broken tail bone. Broken vertebrae. 2 herniated discs pinching nerves. 6mm bone spur pressing into sciatic nerve. Disc deg disease several vertebrae is bone on bone. Drs afraid to do surgery. No choice but to use opioids. If that gets pulled, where do i turn?
I’m in same shoes. Been on Fentanyl 50mcg patch & Dilaudid 4 mg for 7 yrs. Now cut back to 25 mcg patch & 2 4 mg dilaudid a day. Pain has quadrupled. Doctors hands are tied so what am I to do now? With young kids I can’t even play with em. Something has to change for us.
I’ve already done trigger injections my spinal cord ends at L4 I’m actually pretty nervous but I researched for the dr to do this so cross your fingers this makes me better not worse 
My back problems are at L4 also the treatments don't help they say let's try this other treatment, but don't want to do surgery!!! Surgeon says I can do my part but you need to do yours.
I'm definitely praying you have all the success possible!!! Good luck!!!!
Your denying patients in severe pain the only thing that will stop it in most cases. The info from CDC and others is false. No patient is the same and all pain is different. You all are killing a lot of folks because they have to turn to something else to get relief
TRUTH! Pain Patients 
in Unbearable Pain 
with incurable diseases
continue to be cut off 
pain meds that help. 
Many lost to suicide. The TRUTH is out about the falsified CDC guidelines below! Thank you Josh Bloom for helping to expose the TRUTH below. 
https://www.acsh.org/news/2018/03/19/cdc-quietly-admits-it-screwed-dishonestly-counting-pills-12717 …
I wish at times I was a horse they don't have to suffer they get put out of their misery!! People get to sufffer! Even at work I was told to bad shut up and do your job. And that wasn't all of it they wouldn't tell me how fmla works and I would work 6 days 12 hours.
Managers would look at me and say I can tell your hurting and laugh while walking away. Finally got work restrictions can't work overtime it started causing trouble for them They finally moved me!! They still come over and get me to go back to my old job..
Call OSHA.
Since the president is showing zero tolerance to drug dealers who traffic opiods, is he also going after the pharmaceutical companies who use opiods in their prescription drugs ?
Here is is with the people you mentioned!!
And trending is http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/379508-sessions-issues-memo-on-use-of-death-penalty-in-drug-related-cases …
Those are the real King Pins.
Yeah, and trump & sessions want the death penalty for drug dealers. So I think they should start at the top! Save that pic and pass it around so everyone knows who his best friends are!
Calling for the death penalty for drug dealers shows Trump’s total lack of comprehension of yet another issue

How about those of us who need the medication to live a functional life? Not everyone who takes pain meds is an addict! #Whataboutourstory
Exactly. No one is fighting for our quality of life. My meds have been cut in half 3 times and will soon be again. What I can get now doesn’t work. When do we get a voice. People killing themselves don’t follow rules. So why would they change and follow em now.
How about those of us who legitimately take opioids for chronic pain and don’t abuse them but still get the heat?
Exactly. My doctor told me it’s like the gov’t is throwing us into bottom of Grand Canyon so no one can hear us scream. Worst part is no one cares about us who follow the rules. They only care about the addicts killing them selves. That’s the worst part.
Thank you for bringing attention to this important matter. It most definitely is the Crisis Next Door.
Problem is they are paying attention to those of us who follow the rules that need these medications for some sort of relief from horrible levels of pain. Now we can’t get proper treatment.
This is my plea to all of you:
I'll bet many of you say you would NEVER sit by and let a genocide happen. Right now powerful people are using lies to brainwash you into agreeing with barbaric & inhumane treatment of patients that need their meds to survive. Many die every day 1/2
from untreated chronic pain... many choose suicide over a life in pain. We are counting on YOU to stand up for our rights, YOUR rights. When the truth is exposed about the CDC, PROP, DEA's greed-driven genocide, don't be one of the people that stood by and said nothing. 
Please put an end to this. It is one of the greatest violations of ethics as well as an egregious abuse of power. Most importantly, it is an assault of American citizens by their own government!
Worth posting again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJ1lw9BcOPU&feature=youtu.be …
I will continue to fight for my right to take medication as ordered by my doctor.  Go after drugs coming in from China and Mexico.  If you want to provide help for drug addicts that want it great.  You are destroying the rights of people that truly need the medication.
EXACTLY!!! No one is speaking out loud for those of us who follow the rules. Gone to same doctor for 8 yrs and now can no longer receive proper treatment for high levels of chronic back pain. Being told sorry. My hands are tied.
Trump has done nothing to help the opioid crisis! He and Congress are getting paid from the pharmaceutical lobbyists. Hence, Sessions war on drugs! Which has been tried in the past and failed! The real criminals: pharmaceutical companies and prescribing doctors!
http://thehill.com/policy/healthcare/379508-sessions-issues-memo-on-use-of-death-penalty-in-drug-related-cases … 
There Trump is with all his big pharma buddies! Pass it around!! Let people know.
And Pence is always right there, too, acting like a religious man, hiding behind the church so others may think him a good man. OMG! He is hiding more than Trump but in a different...”arena.”
I think he looks over his shoulder thinking “I’m next!”  thanks for the retweet. People need to know. 
What about the Alcohol crisis in DC?
Trump you smell that, its your large wide sleazy hocks, slow smoking on the #BLUE WAVE 2018 GRILL !!
Chronic pain patients are getting screwed with this fear mongering. Opioid receptors dont react to aspirin
.@realDonaldTrump it's nobel that you want to help ppl devastated by #opioid #addiction, but please not at the expense of ppl suffering & devastated by #chronicpain. Be the president of compassionate
#PainManagement too.

The Pain Refugees @brian_goldstone
https://harpers.org/archive/2018/04/the-pain-refugees/ …
Seriously this is not a crisis it's call natural selection. All your fight on pain killers is doing is causing people like me who have real medical conditions and need those pain killers to not be able to get them. If people can't be responsible with moderation then their bad.
It is most definitely a crisis.
Crisis at home. Next door implies it's not you or yours.  It's you too.

Oral CBD oil - no THC so you don't get high. Works great for pain, as well as a lot of other conditions. Not the total solution, but should be part of it.
Tried 250mg and 500mg CBD. Doesn’t touch my level of pain. Only medication that worked is now gone. For those of us who have done everything we possibly can are now being denied proper treatment to protect people that won’t follow the rules. That’s just flat out wrong.
I take 750 6 drops!
Don't forget chronic pain patients in the shuffle.  We rely on opioids to endure our diseases and get through each day.  We have often had long roads to find the right Dr/meds and need guaranteed access to them.  We should not be treated like addicts, but like patients.
I’m so sick of being treated like an addict when I’ve had same doctor for 8 yrs. Now forced to lose the medicine I have been on for 8 yrs because they want to keep addicts from overdosing. As always those that follow the rules get screwed.
My daughter died from heroin OD while on wait list for a treatment facility.  1983-2004 RIP beautiful daughter of mine.
I'm so sorry for your loss 
Any US citizen who clicks on this link and gives personal data is foolish.
Wow, even the White House's official Twitter account can't spell or do grammar.
I need help and can't get it. 16 years struggling
#GunControlNow #StopNRAmazon
20 years ago I had knee replacement surgery. 15 years of severe chronic pain taking opioids. I didn't have much choice because I was allergic to Tylenol/+ all NSAIDs. Medical marijuana! (Don't believe any nay-sayers)  67%CBD,15%THC, Best pain reliever, no side effects... Brain OK
I would love to see stories from some Chronic pain patients. There is no voice for them..they are invisible. Keep hounding on Doctors, who cut patients meds, patients end up either dead or going to the streets adding to those numbers. You need to hear from some REAL patients
Will positive stories of how opiods HELP certain people actually be allowed on this site?
Pain medications are not the same as street drugs. Please stop practicing medicine without a license. This #opioidhysteria based on misleading numbers. Rx medications are NOT the problem. You will drive #ChronicPainPatients to #Suicide. This is #CruelAndUnusualPunishment.
AMEN!!!
So why is the FDA and DEA waging war against Kratom? A safe alternative that can help fight the opioid crisis.....
Because Kratom will kill Superman. No. Wait. I’m thinking of Kryptonite.
My daughter just Overdosed on Heroin. And was revived with Narcan. #BuildTheWall #OpioidCrisis
Prayers up.
Thank you!
a good read:

https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/266819.Addictive_Thinking?from_search=true …

a great program

http://www.gatewayrehab.org/about/history/dr-abraham-j-twerski …

Understand sadly that the success rate for addicts is about the same # and as rare as a good hitter in baseball. G-d willing your daughter succeeds.
Thank you. Yes it’s going to be a battle to save her life... we joined a support group called PAL... can’t believe this is happening to our family.
If you fail to talk about the breakdown of the family, the absence of spirituality...you fail to address the root of addiction: dysfunction.
wondering a lot if you arent on drugs?
What door? Canada???
Look me up on Facebook under RoniRehabTime! #recovery #opiodcrisis #letstacklethistogether 
OK
DEATH to opioid pushers. Legislators should give more power to law enforcement. Most investigations into opioid deaths end in a closed case because law enforcement and the Judiciary aren't equipped to handle the huge number of opioid deaths.
Too good for me this Potus Hope the Americans will recognize a wise Father in the United States President
My husband is a disabled Vet with service connected injury. He is in pain all the time. Getting pain meds is almost impossible for him because of addicts. He doesn’t drink on them, he takes them as prescribed and is being punished for others sins
Makes it impossible for people with real pain to be treated. 

#LivingWithPain
It’s not time of recovery for me! I have damaged nerves in my neck. I have migraines 4-5 days a week. I’ve missed up to 3 days a week if work.
 I don’t have a nerve blocker pain medication to help me through the day or Night because my Pain doctor  is afraid to prescribe it to me
As a voter for you @realDonaldTrump I respectfully request the opportunity to share my situation as well as others that are in a very scary place right now with #opoidcrisis . If not we clearly don’t matter or you don’t want to consider a very very important dynamic.
Exactly. What about those of us who need these meds for horrible pain relief. What are we to do? Simply suffer ???
It’s going to kill me. I’ll write so I leave something.
Then you should tell the FDA to lay off of Kratom do some research
15 years on legal, monitored pain meds. NEVER abused but with all this going on I had to do something! Research showed Methadone & like worse withdrawal! But sure keeps Big Pharm/FDA pockets filled! Kratom SAVED me & got off opioids! ALL monitored by N.P. too! PTL  #SaveKratom
Try #kratom it's in Southeast Asian herb a natural way to get off opioids! Google it!
3) check the stats for the Illicit & street drugs, The drugs being 
shipped in from Mexico & China
But the CDCs guildelines r punishing the lives of innocent ppl 
instead! They r suffering & dying
(Suicides too) due to the quality 
of life being diminished! Even many cancer/pts
Mr President we’d like to see you make sure the absolute truth is told about the REAL OPIOID CRISIS! Not the lies brought on by 
by the CDC DEA PROP & these 
guidelines they’ve created where 
the finger & figures r being pointed @ the wrong people! The chronic pain patients!!!
My story=profound grief & loss, 40yo, decades as Sr Tax Analyst/CPA 4 Fortune-500 w/ INFINITE dreams, suddenly CUT-SHORT; Dx w/ INCURABLE Rheumatoid Arthritis + SLE + . . .1st line of trtmnt=low-dose chemo. Pain caused by mybody attacking itself. Opioids manage THIS type of pain.
Crisis? CDC has already admitted the numbers are flawed. Any death where ANY amount of opioid present considered an opioid death. No Crisis.
Bill is wrong for all Americans!
If opioids become extinct, without legalized medical marijuana, I will have no choice but to enter into a disability claim that will tax the community. NOT my wish. Pain pills keep me working
@Gio666gia 
@giovanngiaguns 
@FOLLOWBACK66667
I have been prescribed opioid based pain medication for 4 crushed disks in my back #surgery only made it worse. Don’t make laws that affect the people who’s quality of life depend on opioid medication.
Most opioid over doses occur because of fentinal  not norcs or other low dose
Die Hard Trump supporter but you must change your position on big game hunting and trophies . These animals are hunted and carved up for  sport that is by far one of the most disgusting things anyone can do . It’s a huge issue for portion of your base
Can we push to have the method of carrying out the Federal/Military Death Penalty back to Hanging instead of Lethal Injection?
We must be tougher on these criminals..
Like he cares!
Should the recovering addict/dealer share their story before or after they get the @POTUS proposed death penalty?
I am so glad this destructive problem is being addressed head-on. The best remedy to the #CrisisNextDoor is helping people connect. https://www.haaretz.com/haaretz-labels/laitman/1.5724117 ….
What about patients with chronic illness being denied pain medication, patients at end of life denied basic human dignity from pain relief, or people who have survived a trauma? Let’s focus on these people! Addicts are being murdered by shipments from China #cpp #ourpain #opioid
OH instead of VA drowning our Veterans with free pills allow everyone to grow our own cannabis it will continue being a multi billion dollar industry even so making America strong again!  Build wall with #Hemp cement & steel
The PROBLEMS in America start IN America, you can see mouths moving any time of the day saying all kinds of crap/lies designed by word twisters to fit the mold of the programmed mindset of brainwashed programmed humans in shallow mind America. I am sick of politician mouth moving
This reply made 2 people unfollow me.  People are AFRAID to admit the truth; the truth makes too many "look bad;" which is NOT anything to do with ME. I simply observe & comment, I am neutral relative to republican & democrat corruption & fraud, appalled by it all; repulsed.
Kratom is a safe tool to fight opioid abuse and manage pain without addiction. It's been used for centuries. It may not be for everyone but it needs to remain legal for safe pain treatment and to curb addiction.
#keepkratomlegal #kratomsaveslives #iamkratom
It is a #WarOnDrugs CRISIS! smugglers choosing 5,000 x smaller carfentanyl because EASIER 4them to smuggle! We MUST #EndtheDrugwar like Portugal did to solve this crisis! The #blackmarket is the gateway to ALL DRUGS! drugwar CREATED 100million hopeless citizens thru crim records!
harsher penalties create MORE VIOLENT dealers! It raised murder rates in past dealers became more willing 2hurt people 2 avoid getting caught! This is a BIG MISTAKE. LEADERS LEARN FROM MISTAKES @POTUS! YOU CAN SOLVE THIS crisis by ending a drugwar on CITIZENS! SAVE YOUR COUNTRY!!
One reason it got so bad, was way VA covered up TCE Contamination, the contamination caused so many painful diseases, and since VA played the we know nothing card, people suffered, and still are! So they needed help just to exist daily without pain!EPA Superfund militarybasesite
WHATCRISIS NEXT DOOR..THE PHARM COMPANIES AND DOCS ARE TO BLAME....
This IS NOT AN IMPORTED SOURCE PROBLEM..it all comes down to MONEY!!!
President Trump is asking every Americans to share their stormy to overcome stigma, & begin to fight against the Crisis Next Door.
Stormy Built for Comfort ...NOT speed  !!
Please be judicious in making restrictions. I work for the elderly in their homes who are sick and in pain. They need their pain meds and it is getting harder and harder to find them. They don’t deserve to be in pain nor die in excruciating pain
How it’s been being handled and now? Legit patients are suffering. It angers me to see a patient 40-78CRYING,increased BP,in intense pain.BC Dr.scared/stopped giving pain meds they got for years.Urine tests?talk down to them?
Preach. No one is speaking out for us. Our elected officials are doing nothing for us. My pain meds have been cut in half 3 times and am told will happen again soon. We no longer have the right to pain relief. Nothing else works for me. So now I simply get to suffer.
While I agree that we must stop the opiod crisis, I believe you've gone too far with doctors.  I've known people with painful diseases/conditions that only strong paid meds can give them some quality of life.  Now they suffer because the docs have stopped scripts out of fear.
Not just stopped cuz of fear but they are limited to 50 mg of morphine or equivalent in opiates. Which 3 10mg Percocet is = to 45 mg of morphine. That what a dentist gives for a bad tooth. So what do people like myself do for chronic back pain. No one is fighting for us.
LA CAMARADA KATIUSKA SALAZAR after extorting accused and condemning students. You went to Miami to ask for asylum from Trump. It is necessary to denounce it so that the group of Venezuelan exiles reject it and denounce it since it is a Chavista delinquent
19 INDICTMENTS 
5 GUILTY PLEAS
ISOLATE Paris Accord NATO Bolton
DESTABILIZE Globally tariffs NAFTA Sanctions LITE economic/respect
DIVIDE Racism Xenophobia
ATTACK DOJ CVIA FBI FREE PRESS
ANTAGONIZE NK
WAR IS $
FASCIST parade NRA to rally base
PUTIN IS TRUMP
2) CPP are not addicts!  You have the genetic addicts that are overdosing & dying from Illicit
Heroin & Carfentanil (Illicit Fentanyl) NOT PRESCRIPTION 
Fentanyl. CPP have used their 
Rx meds very responsibly for de-
cades! There are many decades 
of stats to prove it!
Just say NO TO DRUGS! The junkies are using drugs and over dosing. Do not take away the innocence of patients that need there medications. If so you are doing the wrong thing #45
Sooooo why don't you take on big pharma then?
Need to get on doctors who over prescribe and give out unnecessary prescriptions to non-patients for bribes...and the pharmacies who know who is doing this must help in this fight!
Please make marijuana legal on a federal level!! It could help so many people!
OPIOID CRISES SIR IS CHINESE FENTANYL AND AFGHAN HEROIN  THE CDC HAS SAID QUIETLY THAT TOTAL DEATHS FROM "PRESCRIPTION" OPIOIDS IN 2016 WAS NOT 64,000 BUT 17,000. STILL TOO MANY BUT THOSE THAT TRULY NEED PRESCRIPTIONS SHOULD BE ABLE TO GET THEM
We have gathered hundreds of stories since we were established on 6/7/2017, #breakthestigma #facesofopioids #theirfacesourvoices
I'm going to share my story about how i can't walk, sleep funtion normally in constant pain in my back/neck/arm/leg due 2my dctor afraid to treat me  I have nerve damage r arm, r leg.  8 herniations, scoliosis, 2 fusions and was denied medication after being  some dose4/7 years
Original Art design & best price available on any Trump/Pence rally tees. 100% secured ordering. 100% Money back guarantee. Get your rally tees here for President Trump & VP Mike Pence's 2020 re election campaign. Printed every 3 days. for fast delivery. https://teespring.com/keep-america-great-trump-penc …
It took my Marine Veteran BF years to wean him off slowly off opioids VA gave out like candy was hell for us all watching him die, he survived but Opiods killed MANY friends Dr prescribed And I have an autistic Neice thanks Docs thanks big pharms!  #DecriminalizeCannabis
The opiate opioid crisis is predominate because these children have been pushed through the corrupt system of the Family Court and child protective services in our country. #AbolishCPS #AbolishFamilyCourt
Anyone selling heroine deserves to get the death sentence point blank
What about child molesters? What about rapists?
Castration is the cure for that if not kill them to!
People sell heroine is as bad as being a Serial killer.
This brought tears to my eyes.
TRUMP IS THE GREATEST POTUS OF ALL TIME, WE'RE GOING TO WIN THIS BATTLE AND ALL OTHER BATTLES!
HUGE HUGE swing and a miss with this speech. The drugs killing Americans (FENTANYL) are coming via USPS from CHINA, not from Mexico. If you want to kill drug dealers, then you have to start with the Doctors over prescribing medications to patients and getting them hooked.
Not every one abuses their medication. Millions of Americans need opioids to deal with chronic physical illnesses/ disabilities. Pot doesnt work for everyone either and im one of the millions of people. So what of us? Where do we turn to deal with this disabling pain?
Agree with you. And that's why this is a huge swing and miss.
This sounds like the DARE propaganda programming they made us go though in public schools in the 80’s and 90’s how has that turned out so far? Huge waste of resources that could have been used for stopping the cartels Oh! I forget the #DeepState CIA was the biggest cartel of all!
Sorry, but the purpose of DARE was to introduce children to the world of drugs.  Children are naturally curious and the only thing DARE did was make them want to try it.  Same thing with sex education, it's all about indoctrination.
You’re exactly right!
Lets dont forget about one's who have breast cancer,liver disease and so on. Poor people who cant afford meds lte alone gas money to get back and forth. Please dont forget about these people.
People who dont have coverage and vehicles also
You can’t fix the opioid crisis without a wall!
Thank you dear President Trump we thank God for you and we are praying for you your administration your beautiful family for God’s continued blessing protection guidance provision and good success  in Jesus Name Amen  

Make the military pay for the http://wall.one  of The best things he ever said!
Okay, but first we want you to tell your story about how you sexually harassed women.  Adding to it your infidelity to your wife. You stigmatized your victims and any woman who tells her story about you is called a liar.  Donald's In Denial.
Wise step. Look ahead for bright Future.
Rewrite...The school shootings epidemic has created stories of despair but also stories of courage & leadership.
So pathetic @realDonaldTrump/staffers ignored the students who spoke/marched this weekend.
How can you justify this to your own children, Kellyanne?
#MarchForOurLives
Methamphetamines, Crystal Meth, is a deadly epidemic! Mental healthcare has been destroyed by Bush/Obama for years! They closed in-patient care for MH Care and turned mentally ill people out on the streets increasing our homeless population and making  it more dangerous for all

#crisisnextdoor please decriminalise safe & effective medical marijuana.#safepainrelief #chronicpain #fibromyalgia #degenerativebonedisease 
I had hip surgery in October'17. 2 weeks post-op, I was already addicted. By 6 weeks my5 kids had to witness my #prescribedopioidaddiction

Maybe you/trump should throw your ridiculous parade money to  fight. This crisis
Amen
What? “despair of shock”?? “every AmericanS”??? Really smart grammar in this WH post!! I’m in despair of shock! And so are every Americans!!
@realDonaldTrump people are in person without trial, no body is speaking for them.
@realDonaldTrump And their prison is decongested, (Nigeria what a nation of lies
I have had Chronic Pain for over 30 yrs as Im a paraplegic with 100’s of burst fractures from T10-L3 into my spinal cord, multiple surgeries on my feet lower legs & ankles plus staph infections in both.  11 surgeries left knee/leg =17 lbs steel! Trump is statistically challenged
President Trump's policies are simple, make America friendly towards companies and these companies will come bringing Americans lots of jobs. This polices is working extremely well.
Yea people you heard him. Tell the government and cops about the illegal drugs you used. Nothing bad will happen to you.
have opioids in them. You will still have withdrawals if you quit them but this country wants to keep all this illegal instead of regulating it like other countries do and the people addicted don’t have to worry about some bathtub made drug. Just a thought..
@realDonaldTrump reminder EVERYONE hates you.  Those who seem nice Have to do so.  Everyone !(except your bots.)
#kratom. I have nerve damage and it gave me my life back. My old PCP had me on opiates that didn't work and made me ill. Top Dr like Jack Henningfield support the potential of this plant to help chronic pain,depression and addiction. Cutting off pain patients is not the answer.
It’s lovely to see that Conway, the WH point person on the opioid crisis, which killed 42,000 people in 2016, has thought so deeply about the causes of addiction.  Eat more french fries and ice cream?  That comment must make you feel like the idiot it made you out to be.
Watching @KellyannePolls  on cnn.  Such a boring mouth flapping Trumpfluff.  Knows nothing about opioid crisis or anything not Trumpadore.
Yes but everybody looks at you and thinks 'he must be on drugs' I'll have some too.
Please tell me what they use when they have surgery or injury.
Kellyanne i think it is time for a intervention, to be honest with you I think it's time for a drug test you look and act like a meth or coke head some of the things you say well looks like drug abuse to me we will support you with ice cream and 
Thank you President Trump for always looking out for the American people...from country to individual homes...God Bless You!!
So instead of doing something you're just gonna create a meaningless website so that everyone can see the damage drugs does to you and everyone around you? We know the consequences but that isn't gonna stop people from taking drugs. Do something already!
Legalize weed as a pain remedy and put a limit of how much the pharmaceutical can make on pain pills. Problem solved
Eat ice cream? Kellyanne is a fucking idiot who has no business working on this issue. If you idiots keep saying this garbage it is guaranteed the opioid epidemic will get worse.
ABOLISH the INSURANCE protection rackets !!!
Only insurance doctors have no conscience !!!
They don't have to care, they get $$$
The TRUTH is OUT! The Falsified CDC guidelines 
Responsible for the Suffering & Suicides of 
Pain Patients with incurable diseases. Pain medication that helped, are forcefully taken away & completely stopped! FIX THE HARM THAT'S BEEN DONE!
TRUTH below. 
https://www.acsh.org/news/2018/03/19/cdc-quietly-admits-it-screwed-dishonestly-counting-pills-12717 …
I understand tax payers money is used to pay  to pay the cable fees to have CNN broadcast on all public TV   Example airports it a bias station and most of the time always  dishonest I suggest to sign a petition that we take same money use towards the wall
And you sir, behave like an ADDICT!
Don is the King!!!
get the american doctors who prescribe the meds
Does anybody at the White House #Proofread??? Was the #StableGenius unavailable?
Thank you President Trump for listing the “stigma of addiction” first in your list of actions to be taken.  My family has overcome so very much and we are working on telling our story. I believe my sons were targeted and we have lost one - but No More #DrainTheDeepState #MAGA
Stop it with the lies! This phony “opioid crisis” it leaving countless citizens to suffer torturous under and untreated pain. Why are the lives of drug addicts worth more than the chronically ill/pain who didn’t have a choice?
Don't forget about people who suffer from never ending, chronic pain. It's a real disease and we need treatment also. Chronic pain it's a nightmare, it would be cruel to withhold treatment.
The Drug addiction problem in America has to much depth in history. And has destroyed people in many ethnic groups. Now that the so called blue bloods children are affected politicians are concerned.  Who remember Oliver North? Nixon? Crisis lol it's a travesty.
It’s also taken pain meds from people who really need them .. I’ve seen this first hand the suffering is unimaginable!!!! Not all people who take opiates are addicts !!! But now their lives are a living hell !!!
Perhaps he should take care of his hate problem first
#PresidentTrump #NationalAgDay #firstdayofspring #DeleteFacebook #InternationalDayOfHappiness
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @jeffsessions Let’s look at the  in the room. There is a 200 MILLION dollar per MONTH drug ring run out of the basement of congress! #OpiumDome #UraniumOne #OperationCassandra #AwanContra #IranContra #SpyRingInCongress #DrainTheSwamp
Please be aware of responsible doctors and chronic pain sufferers. The daily battle sometimes nececitates opioid prescriptions, just to do on a daily basis what everyone else takes for granted.
Lord is with you!
Go fk yourself!!!
Here's my story: This one time I heard the @POTUS say that we should have the death penalty for drug pushers. He hired Jeff Sessions to crack down on weed despite the potential for good and economic growth. Then he said "Just say no." It stressed me out so much I had to get high.

God bless you President Trump
I'm 58 and have been on pain mgmt for over 10 years.Without meds, my back-neck pain is severe. Not everyone is abusing, just like not every gun owner is a killer, or everyone who eats food is fat. Junkies will always get them, like bad guys and guns. Don't punish the legit cases.
Vaffanculo proibizionisti
Acab
There are many people in severe daily pain that physical therapy and surgery cannot correct. They do not abuse their medication and are being treated the same as method and heroin users. Improve testing for chronic pain patients make sure they are the ones taking the meds.
President Trump im your guy but the Karen Mcdougle is totally credible I feel bad for Melania and Baron .
Is this the light at the end of the tunnel? Are the higher ups (gov) realizing the opioid crisis as the huge problem as it 
has become due to the completely failed experiment from the CDC & DEA ? There are thousands+ w/a
a heartbreaking story of suffering & death & suicide! con
The Trump admin has created stories of despair of shock, but also stories of recovery & hope. Every American must contact theri Congressional members immediately and demand President Trump be charged with treason against the USA.
If Potus doesn't Vito this omnibus spending bill we are going to be pissed! No border wall $$ and still funding Planned Parenthood? tell @PRyan to get his head out of his ass already and start listening to us or the @GOP @GOPChairwoman will see a massive replacement 2018/2020
@FLOTUS #ErasedParent @ChildrensBureau @SecAzar @Punished4bnAmom #punished4protecting trump says we have an opioid epidemic-yes we do but we have another epidemic- Adoption is for children that need homes not for homes that need children.Abolish family court, audit Dcf/cps!
Narcotics destroy all human morality. Millions are running high at all times.
I just don't understand why we are going after legally prescribed medicine. FDA pushed saccharin out of the market claiming it caused cancer.Rea;l plot introduced aspartame to full vacuum to enrich? 12 year study proves no link between saccharin & cancer. Aspartame is cancerous.
I love my @POTUS @realDonaldTrump but seems like lobbyists or worse going on here. https://www.livestrong.com/article/465273-which-is-worse-saccharin-or-aspartame/ … Found out fake Chinese opiates Oxycodone/contin bought by gov then prescribed to our Vets in agony by Doctors without licenses & Vets became suicidal. #ThanksObama.
FACT: In a 2009 study, the nation's police chiefs ranked the death penalty last in their priorities for effective crime reduction. The National Research Council reviewed more than three decades of research and found no credible evidence that the death penalty deters crime. (ACLU)
I have to do something to tolerate your dumb ass.
https://goo.gl/images/PqHzc2 
Stop the madness one house at a time clean out toxic people and drug dealers out of our lives forever !!!
my son got hooked on opioids and he wants help, but can't find any.  We are told that until he hurts someone or himself there's nothing we can do.  He's crying out for help and no one will listen!!!!
What  happened in case of Drug Enforcement Agency distributing Opiates - OxyContin to  Specific Pharmacies for mass distribution?! ( Was The Gov Agency excluded from prosecution ! )
To all who are struggling with Opioids, please look into CBD oil!  It helps with pain, anxiety and many other ailments you might have!  Truly amazing!  My 90 year old mother-in-law takes it, 5 drops under her tongue, for her knees!  It also helps her to sleep at night!  
I take Opiods to block out your lies, name calling, and insulting the most honest man ever, James Comey and Barack Obama!  Lol!
Please help the American people with pain. Keep kratom free and legal. It's a great option to deadly opoids. Thank you.
Opioids must be conquered.  Not a Trump supporter but I applaud the focus.
Drugs are not part of my life
Not all of its bad it does help some people
Read the new book coming to Amazon Monday titled Rx OPIOID ADDICTION, My Life of Pain and Dependence. Help us NOW, PLEASE!!!!
One real damn American president, that actually gives a damn. We should all thank our lucky American stars in God that we’ve been blessed with this President. Sheer proof that The Order will be the Biggest Losers, just like Crooked Hillary, in the End. Do not follow their paths!
A President who cares.A President that takes action.Thank you Mr President.
Cruel.
Childish tantrum.
So it's now the thing to fire people in the week before they are eligible for full retirement benefits?

Release your tax returns.
There are FAR more people who abuse pain medication than there are people who need it. I grew up seeing this first hand. Instead of supplementing with opioids they need to be investing in things that can cure, and things that will truly help those who are suffering.!
This is not my story but President Asshat could start a needle exchange program like they did in other countries. Also they could start a heroin clinic like in Amsterdam where they dose in the clinic and turning their needles in and so on. Methadone, subutex,  suboxone are all...
The doctors are not telling the harmful side effects of these pills,: ( poison ),  loss of bowel control, fries the brain, memory loss, , makes you lazy, and stupid
I hope you are held responsible for the LARGER # of citizens you are allowing to die and suffer in #PAIN, your a vile human who cares nothing for the millions dealt a health problem for life. May god judge you! #DPPRALLY2018 #cdcgenocide
The children are horribly affected by this epidemic. Some addicted parents prostitute their children to pay for their drugs. This cannot be stopped soon enough. It's horrendous.
I saw this coming. I just weaned off 5 years of high dose fentanyl patches. I am still living with extreme pain but I am managing. I hope medical marijuana will become legal as its natural and works with my level of pain. I’ve why people commit suicide due to no treatment options
The opioid crisis only became a crisis, when the Trump became president. Since he was one of Mexico's biggest buyers of drugs, they wanted to raise the price, but Trump said no, so Mexico said '' no more for you, so he tried to build a wall.
Bravo
Great outlook! We need to encourage strength for the weak and hope for the faithless by listening to their stories of victory over tragedy!
I always fight for my http://crisis.SO  tired to do so.
Bout time for your spanking, Drumpf?
So Children's Protection Services can show up and steal people's children? I don't think you'll get a lot of stories, people are afraid. Our justice system and HELP systems are the same. Fix this first and get trust back in America 
Yeah...give us your name, address, email, and a confession? I have a better idea - Be like Portugal. Decriminalize all drugs NOW! The war is over!
.
Is the opioid crisis the result of drugs being more available or of weak people, spoiled people who don’t know the meaning of life!
