The White House is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” opioid memorial to the Ellipse near the White House from April 11 to April 18. 






Can't impeach a President because he hurt your feelings. Go do something productive with your life.
Big Pharma caused this crisis... DO SOMETHING to them!!
That is actually not true. But you CAN blame illegal immigration and the porous borders for drugs flowing into the country.
The opioid crisis began in the 1990s, when doctors became increasingly aware of the burdens of chronic pain. Pharmaceutical companies saw an opportunity, and pushed doctors with misleading marketing about the safety of the drugs to prescribe opioids to treat all sorts of pain.
Last year, more than 63,600 people died of drug overdoses, up from more than 52,400 in 2015. About two-thirds of overdose deaths — more than 42,200 — were linked to opioids.
Anyone arguing with you on this point is uninformed. Good call.
Fentanyl.
That proves nothing. Note the dates and the lawsuits about deceptive advertising. And read the history of the FDA perhaps as I suggested previously. Good day.
Well it proves that Fentanyl is pushed through Mexico from China for one.
WTF???
@VoteMarsha
G.O.A.T.
#PLEASED
When do we start prosecuting the pharmaceutical companies and the complicit doctors and “pain clinics”?
Add the GOP to the list of deaths

Thank you sir for helping save lives and god bless you for this amen
How the hell is this saving lives? It's just another monument to his ego
How's your legal team coming along? Ready for impeachment hearings?? #Traitors
What about the memorial for those who died from crack cocaine?
I think this is a beautiful thing and thank you so much for honoring the lives of our addicted folks.


And thus was 11 years ago
With guns and death penalties!


This crises was created by big Pharma!  Just like big tobacco.
Big Phsrma are not the suppliers of this drug crisis! The black market countries like China, Columbia, Mexico, South America, North America, Turkey, Afghanistan, Russia are your main drug producers. Then the street dealers lace their products with other illicit drugs!
You need to educate yourself.  When millions of pills are sent to towns of a few thousand and doctors get to go on vacations cause they prescribe them that is a problem big pharma lied about the effects of pain killers to benefit themselves. People get hooked by doctors.

Put the #money for your memorial into fixing the problem . Fix the future before it gets any worse.
Russians? Today?

GOP (Trump & Congress) want more OPIOID DEATHS - as long as the Koch Bros get their cheap labor!  Compare non-enforcement of immigration laws to OVERDOSE deaths: https://bit.ly/2IOA1r4  
#MAGA =
Big Pharma! Clinton cartel, big biz ! Huge profit! Cures surpressed, people suffering & dying horrible deaths! Follow the $ trail. Fits nicely into Obamas’ boarders open for heroine & crack cocaine ! So predictable, the destructionist!
Alcohol mortality rate has been steadily going up since 1996, when our law makers decided to allow alcohol ads in our homes. Young adults and women are dying at younger age because of alcohol. Alcohol companies get a big tax break!! Why? Stop this epidemic.
You want to apply the death penalty to drug dealers. But the problem is with over-prescribing by doctors.
You cut funding for drug abuse help, but that’s okay because you built them a fucking memorial.
Forrest Gump is President
That’s harsh to poor Forrest. Forrest had a soul.
Are you fucking serious!You closed down one of the most important and influential organization in this fight against the opioid crisis and now you wanna use the money that was helping us on a fucking memorial that does nothing but remind us how little you care about us.i hate u

Where is the crack memorial ?
So there is a big pile of oxy somewhere that's a memorial to presidents park. Thats Weird but hey not the weirdest thing you've done
Why do t you do something about the problem Donnie boy. More thoughts and prayers?
Yeah, I guess that is absolutely necessary since the Americans (in the USA) are obese, drug-addicts who are ignorant to anything outside the US of A and believe they have God in their pocket. That's at least how it appear to outsiders - - - -
Impeachment is on the way
Never
I think Kevin will be disappointed.
We've been waiting for Mueller for months now. He's still coming, right? 
It took two years to nail Nixon.
Just wait, Trump’s ass is grass.
For what #libtards??? Nothing.




Since You Complain About Everything...You Still Have Time To Go Around The Beautiful Wall That's Being Built! Have at it! #WINNING #MAGA

Daaaaamn!
You should open up a memorial of all your failed marriages. Get a spot for Melania ready.
That is harsh. Imagine if you were Baron and it was your parents business all over the news?
What about Sasha, Melia, Barbara, Jenna & Chelsea they had horrible things said of them and their parents where was your concern then?
This is different. He's continuously denying about cheating and is holding onto them
Get out of the White House!
I don't think anybody is pleased when you welcome them anywhere!
Guess you've never been welcomed anywhere.

How about the Russian crisis?  Let’s fix that.
Kicking them out of the US right now, dipahit.
We will keep fighting until you are impeached
America will keep fighting until it has a president who is not a maniac
I am certain that the opioid crisis benefited you in the election, because people who voted for you were high on something!
Trumps administration is doing nothing but giving lip service to the opioid crisis. Commercials and press conferences are not impressive.
Do us all a favor Trump, resign! You have shamed America long enough!
That's bullshit
How
Can we get a memorial for all the young black men who were taken from us too early by overzealous cops who were trigger-happy? Can we get a memorial for all the children who were slaughtered and school buy AR-15s because you refuse to do anything to protect them? Serious question
Don't forget about the knife and fist memorial!
My post was about a memorial for unarmed black men who were innocently gun down while their backs were turned or lying on the ground. It had nothing to do with everything else you just pointed out. Stop trying to change the narrative and stay on topic. It's not that hard.
FREE MEEK MILL
FREE JON JONES
ALSO THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC STARTS WITH THE DOCTORS BASICALLY HANDING OUT PAIN PILLS
A MEMORIAL DOSENT STOP THE PAIN AND SUFFERING AN ADDICT GOES THROUGH WHEN THE DOCTORS STOP HANDING THEM OUT AND THEY HAVE TO TURN TO THE STREETS
TREAT ADDICTION LIKE THE ILLNESS IT IS. NOT A CRIME
Addiction is not an illness nor disease! It's a CHOICE!! No physician has EVER prescribed heroin "Dog Food" yet it is the drug of choice these day. If you're going to state it..Make It The TRUTH!!
Morphine is more potent then most street heroin. They’re both opioids. So when a chronic pain patient takes an opiate for 2-4 weeks straight to fix their pain? Thats a choice?
Acute pain with appropriate medication will not trigger the addictive receptors in the brain. Please check the mechanism of action of a medication and body response because I can assure you I know them. I will state.. Big Pharma DOES NOT MAKE CURES..THEY MAKE CUSTOMERS!!


Seriously-didn't go golfing as much as trumpty has& trumpty is ripping off taxpayers each time. RESEARCH!!
Let's have an election tomorrow, Natasha. Obama v. Trump. Come on. Let's see who wins.
It’s the Heron that’s doing all the Killing, not the pain pills, it’s just a excuse to get rid of them
Purdue Pharmaceuticals is the reason there is oxycodone... sue them
.
I rooted for u when u campaigned for President. Though u gonna b diff. But bombing Syria is another Iraq. No Chemical weapons there. All a "wag the dog" movie!!!!!!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=139422580242378&id=100025239090206 …
It is the important job and work for the best results against the bad drogs . it is neccesary fight and winn the best .
People are paying attention to your Q team. By the millions if you count those that are getting second hand information. There is a revolution building. But we are waiting on you to give the order to strike/unite. We The Silent Ones put you in power.
Make America Great Again by Melody Dawn Records  #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/melodydawnrecords/make-america-great-again … Listen to Make America Great Again by Melody Dawn Records  #SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/melodydawnrecords/make-america-great-again … music is my life #acmawards #ShineforJesusChrist #Shine #Sunshine  #MelodyDawnRecords #MAGA


So what happened with Stormy Daniels then?
No one cares any longer. Grow up
What happened to Russia Russia Russia??
When the President keeps breaking laws you gotta cover them all.. Russia is still there..dont worry 
Seems to me we had a crackdown back in the 80’s. I remember it well, cause my mum was dying of cancer and her doc gave her Motrin. He finally prescribed Percocet a week before she died. What about these people? Should they be forced to suffer?
By the way by the way you can stop the theater. The American people would back the real reasons behind Syria and Russia
If you really want people to live and get help consider cannabis !!!! I don’t do any drugs but I stand behind this..
Dump isn’t even writing most of his “teets” anymore.
Thank you for thinking of us and not forgetting those that died. I just wish I knew I would have came. Someone I know found out while she was in dc and put my sons name there. I would have loved to seen it. Again thank you
First it not the pills. Is boot leg drugs. And that fake fen tnol
Are you kidding? A memorial? This is so halfassed backwards . Maybe the fallen would rather something else more meaningful like  more compassion and less lip service. Just go away, and take mike pence and phony evangelical army
NOW THIS ARE THE WAGES THAT I RECEIVE, I ACCEPT THE PUNISMENT, BECAUSE YOU ARE THE PRESIDENT, AND WHO AM I TO TELL YOU WHAT TO DO--|--GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY+AMEN
Bot alert
and where exactly is this "President's Park"?  Have been to the WH several times but I must have missed it.  Is it near the Ellipse?
BUT HELL! CUT MEDICAID!
 ALL THOSE LYING CAMPAIGN PROMISES!!!
When you going to do something about the legal dope dealers also known as big pharmacy company’s
Love how Washington wastes so much money on phony fights. Big Pharma is paying off politicians in Washington to keep pushing addictive drugs like OXY. They then pay doctors to push their poison and nothing done. How about the CIA they seem to import a lot of drugs @POTUS
CIA importing drugs?? Laughable and stupid
Really you do not read much do you. Try going to Library and research History.
Sorry, but I don't know which tweet your talking about
THIS is ridiculous.  How about you focus on the senseless killing of our black brothers and sisters living in fear every day.

7. Well now thanks to you, EVERYONE is having to deal with it the hard way! NO PAIN MEDICINE! ISN'T THAT WHAT DOCTORS ARE FOR IS TO HELP PEOPLE FEEL BETTER AND KEEP THEM OUT OF PAIN? ISN'T THAT LIKE THE OATH THEY TOOK? NOW YOU'VE STOPPED THAT?? WHY?
Trump said patients who need the meds can still get them from the doctor. Its the ppl stealing them and selling them, plus the heroin and bad fentanyl from China he is getting off the streets. The drug dealers really hurt those of us who actually need the pain meds.
Please add my 25 year old, only son's name to the memorial. (Only child)
I'm so sorry for you to losing your son. I can't even imagine what your family is going thru.  God bless
That $ would have been better spent on treatment.
10. I voted for you and so did many many more, but a lot of your voters hurt and are on pain medication.. YOU NEED TO FIX THIS BUD, AND YOU NEED TO PUT IT BACK LIKE IT SHOULD BE. WE HAD SUCH HIGH HOPE IN YOU. IT'S FADING REALLY FAST! SORRY TO SAY!
Oh shut up drumpf!!
How? If the CEO responsible are Free and enjoying their millions after knowingly releasing the poisons what will change ?
U obviously don't know anything about chronic pain and REAL health problems.
Please President Trump help my son!!! Our family is right in the middle of the opioid epidemic.... Slade Windsor from Galveston TX needs help not prison!!!! Please please
How much did the memorial cost?  Too bad it didn't go to Medicaid to get them into behavioral health!
President Trump is the President and will take the credit for any thing that happens under his presidency. No amount of negative lying Democratic rhetoric can change this fact. President Obama  increasing America's debt a steady $1.3 trillion per year with out fail.
I have an idea..legalize marijuana and we won’t have an opioid epidemic. Stop supporting the manufacturers who make the drug and we won’t have an epidemic. Put money into alternative medicine like natural products and we won’t have an epidemic.
Go Trump.
Good job  Mr. President
You’re an opioid. #Delusional
I'm sure all the money spent on another worthless wall will help those struggling with addiction. Great PLAN #VeryStableGenius
It'll help from people like you who want to waste our tax money on illegals. No more Sanctuary cities.MAGA
WTF does that even mean? You might want to tweek your Russian to English translator.
It means you are clueless..
#realDonaldTrump #Europe #Israel
#Berlin
Build That Wall!make America great again!Donald rocks!Long Live Trump ! Stop wasting our hard-earned tax money on illegals.. no more Sanctuary cities..

How much did this cost. How is it helping addicts. 

Memorials are great, but I thought that's what tombstones were for. 

Did you spend the money appropriated to actually help addicts on this wall. 

What's with you and walls.
This memorial is not going to help anyone. And your just say no plan is ridiculous. It’s proven it doesn’t work addiction is a disease of the brain. Once you are addicted you will need more and more just to function  normally.
How many DOW 30 and NASDAQ PUT contracts does your family hold now?

Since when r drug addicts victims. We were all norm with a thing called freedom of choice. Losing my support Mr. President.
SALETÉ EST CE QUE TU VEUT TE REPRENDRE UN BRANLEUR SUR LA GUEULE TA VINGT QUATRES HEURE POUR ARRETER TON MERDIER ET USAGE DE STUPEFIANTS ET TES DONTS DE SPERME DE BOULANGER!
I can’t wait for crack head memorial park to open next summer!
The perpetrators of the Opioid #Holocaust MUST be brought to justice. Why are these mass murderers walking free on YOUR watch, Donald? #WeRemember 

#NeverForget the Opioid #Holocaust was caused by the #Sackler family!

#MAGA #AmericaFIRST #BDS #JQ
Of course...Afghan opioid production better than ever since US intervention.
#MuellerTime

Another great Gem of the #Great #Greensboro its 24/7 Your House Great daily soecials and friendly staff!! #BoykinForHouse 
Now let’s make the pharmaceuticals quit advertising on tv
Defeat the prescription opioid crisis, not the old school drug war. 
Understand the difference!
How about we increase mental health services so people don’t have to self medicate and overdose in the process?
Whew, glad that’s over with. Onto the next battle.
Will never happen, our society is based in drugs, alcohol and debauchery.......you are leading the way.
You have to take opioids just to cope with your presidency!
Marble doesn't help anyone. It's a monument to poor choices and bureaucratic ineptness.
Then we should  stop protecting the poppy fields in Afghanistan. Create big beautiful bonfires full of burning poppies, and pay the farmers to grow a different plant and buy it even at a loss. Is it a waste? We've wasted trillions in the desert, what's a few million more?
Are you going to keep up the fight by doing all the cocaine yourself?

I don't want a memorial, I need help! I lost one of my sons to opiods in 2016 and almost lost the other one today. He wants help but has no health insurance and I don't know what to do! Real help is needed. Please!
We all agree
#ImpeachTrump #NeverAgain
On War on Opiods, I saw my Dr an internist, literally in a tizzy 2 weeks ago frantically state to nurses he is cutting 1/2 of his patients access to pain medication. Pressure on Dr's is zero about patients who are about to be literally thrown into world of street drugs for pain.
Yep, it's the cheapest way to help the person in chronic pain...they bully doctors..than pocket the help money
Opioid crisis is a problem no one will ever cure. Just like the gun violence of mass killings and single killings will never end. People do not care who they kill in order to get money, jewlery or sex. Life is crazy and we are all a part of it until we die.
I don't think Trump wrote this.
An opoid memorial?  What?????  Nutz.
Isn’t the Pharmaceutical industry around the third largest lobby in Washington D.C.?  That’s a lot of money. Those poor senators and congressmen will starve without the help if lobby money. You’re taking food out of their families mouths. Shameless 
Hey POTUS.  Lead America by reminding them that drug use starts in children, often in children devoid of love, riddled with shame and ridicule and absent loving grown ups. Attacking children who have been victims of a tragic massacre is a breeding ground for more opioid users.
If it wasn't mostly white people suffering from the opioid crisis, Trump and the GOP would be calling for harsher prison sentences instead of treatment and memorials.
Is the cancer memorial going next to the opioid memorial or is that going next to the ALS memorial, oh wait, no that goes next to the Altzeimers memorial. This WH is just getting dumber by the day. Hannity for Chief of Staff yet or has Fox instituted a non-compete clause with WH?
يا حبيبي يا ترامب 
نويت اعطيك رقم تلفوني 
وقررت اعزمك على عشاء 
وبطلت تفرق معي بدي اطششك معي 
#Trump
I would truly like to help u with this epidemic!!
You're always talking about illicit drugs pouring through the border when in reality US Doctors are killing more US citizens with Afghanistans opium supply. Disgusting!!!
Before or after doing something about it?
Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Just DONT TOSS THE BABY WITH THE BATH WATER. There r people w/legitimate NEED & no alternative! Cancer pain, back pain, neuropathy, fibromyalgia, chronic bursitis, broken bones, surgery... DOCS HERE r so afraid they won't Rx opioids no matter what! So now what do people do?
Let me help you . Maybe  govt shouldn't be pushing H. And why our millitary protecting  poppy fields in AFGH. Check it out
I do not support you plan to remove the Opioids Pain Control Substance all the Pain Relievers that contain Opioids] SPECIALLY Vicodin 7.5-200IBU { Vicoprofen 7.5-200 IBU} And replace it with the deadly Marijuana Drug; you are making a bad mistake, because GOD already is seeing>>
SPANKY
Will American pharmaceutical companies be held responsible for causing this epidemic?
That's stupid
Wow! This will really help, Spanky!

I wish you could have helped My Rotten Ugly Blister, i mean My Sister! She steals and has blamed Stupid Me who never knew i should defend myself! All of my life! I thought they knew! They always did, but it's easier to not blame the fit thrower
Thaaaaaannkkksss... might have been helpful to see the money spent on treatment/sobriety/harm mitigation but I'm sure the memorial is nice too
“Thaaaaanks”
So we're memorializing drug addicts now??? Really???
@drkapuria But the chronic pain patients should be given strong alternative pain relievers not some placebos like the physiotherapy and wash your hands off them...know the misery they pass through!
Is this your idea of taking action????

I want talk U about pain management. Because of all this ragging about opioid people that want to function without all these surgery Dr's want to do. U can't get a simple pill to use as needed for pain meanwhile over counter meds caused me anemia & I hate laying around all day.

Hey Donald can u do an law about parental control for video games kids can't play rated m games who are under 17 years old needs to be fixed really parents aren't smart anymore and I'm 24 years old come on
Looking for those opioid dealers? Look no further.
THE OPIOID CRISiS SHOULD NOT BE MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE CRACK EPIDEMIC  BUT BC  IT AFFECT MANY MORE WHITES THAN ANY OTHER RACE , ITS PARAMOUNT IN THIS NATION EYES . AND TO BUILD A MEMORIAL FOR THE  ADDICTs( THATS WHAT YOU FOLKS CALLED ALL THE PEOPLE AFFECTED BY CRACK) IS PATHETIC
Seriously? How in the hell are you going to identify and honor all those lost to opioid addiction? Just another example of you trying to make yourself look good? Sleazy!!!
If you want to stop the opioid crisis, why the hell did you try cutting the @USCG by 14%? Who do you think captures the majority of drugs.
6. Now Drs are so scared to give any pain medicine to ANYBODY! How sad is this? People coming out of surgery with no pain medicine... Or maybe a Tylenol. Have you ever had any surgeries? If you have you know there's a lot of pain!
I agree totally. I can't take any kinds of anti-inflammatories, aspirin or the like. It make me severely sick to do so. Tylenol is worthless when that's all you can take for psyatic pain.
Some Americans would be in unbearable pain without these medicines.  My uncle while dying of bone cancer begged his wife to shoot him.  He was forced to live and die in agony. It was horrible.
Doesn't "prescribed to death" defy Trump's ludicrous claim that immigration from shithole countries is the root of the opioid crisis? Even his own staff can't keep up with his ever changing, ignorant blather.
Easy way 2reduce OPIOD EPIDEMIC,MAKE PHYSICIANS RESPONSIBLE 4PRESCRIPTIONS WRITTEN BY AN ILLARY CAREGIVERS WHO THEY R SUPPOSED 2B MONITORING
What a ridiculous thing to erect!
Sir, your Presidency is worth more than $1.50 to me (lol with respect)
@SGottliebFDA @dailybriefing when will congress and the lobbyists be held accountable?   Their pockets are stuffed full of $$$$ while drug cos make addicts .
Just remember president Trump there are some of us out there the take these different opioids for the right reason. I happen to have 3 herniated disc in my lower back in one herniated disc in my neck I've had one knee replacement and need another one in the other leg
And do this some other health problems they cannot do surgery on me. So I have a legitimate doctor that gives me legitimate prescriptions for my pain medication that I need to be able to live somewhat I mean normal life. I hope you remember that there are other people like me.
Thank you sir.  I've had surgery for L4 - L5.  Also have osteo-arth.  Black strap molasses and sunflower seeds ain't going to do it.
I’m sorry, it pisses me off the kids who want to feel good keep us in chronic pain now. Those of us that need pain medication can’t get it because some people can’t handle themselves, it is not an addiction it is people who don’t know how to control themselves!
Awesome!!
This contrived crisis has caused a lot of suffering on the part of patients who aren't getting what they need.
This tweet is hilarious! You have not done a single damn thing about the opioid problems in this country. Nothing at all. Zero, zip, nada.
Thank you POTUS! I'm a recovering drug addict and I've lost so many in the past year... including my closest friend who left behind 2 small children due to a relapse. My heart is broken 
We are fighting???? Wonder why I see NO EFFORTS toward any fight?
Let's look at the FDA, and Big Pharma: where are regulations slack? Crises grow out of unethical profiteering. Let's stop valuing making a buck, and consider saving the lives of fellow Americans who've fallen prey to slack policies...
I'd rather my taxpayer money be spent on a memorial for innocents gunned downed in mass shootings, vice people who allowed themselves to become addicted to and overdosed from their prescribed meds. Better yet, spend taxpayer money on living taxpayers and programs that benefit us.
You aren't actually doing shit to address the opioid epidemic. The fact  you've put serial liar Kellyanne "have a french fry" Conway "in charge"  of your admin's purported efforts to do so tells us all we need to know.  #ItsAllBullshit
Most opioids being legal, right?
By doing what, exactly?
Please stop taking away the medication from chronic pain patients like me who are legally disabled.Because of this oxycodone,this medication gave me back my life!!!The D.E.A.,and C.D.C. are taking away our doctors ability to properly prescribe meds to disabled people.Regards Mike
Somebody is at least moving on this unlike his predecessors.
Sad they call it prescribed to death. Physicians were forced by Government Medical Guidelines to prescribe these evil drugs or loose their license. Did they prosecute these evil officials that got bribed to force this to happen?
Lol this is what it looks like when the right wing fucks claim that the whole world is lying except trump
I hope to God that pain killers will be available for those who need them! My husband can't afford them without my insurance, & I have lost my job of seven years. Temp workers insurance is too expensive. He has Medicare, none of his pain or anti-seizure meds are covered.
This is a huge problem for a lot of people. My husband doesn't take enough to even cover the pain, he doesn't want to be "out of it" There is now a stigma attached to the  meds he needs. Too much pain = higher blood pressure, heart damage & risk of  stroke. Be aware & care!
It will save so many lives...... We need serious treatment programs for all....not just the ones able to afford insurance. Please!
Such a tragedy all around 
You gotta be fucking kidding me!
We in the twilight zone. Smh.
Gee, is it just me or has Kelly Anne Conway been out of the news lately? Is she brushing up on law books in anticipation of becoming the next Attorney General? I'd bet a good deal that she is waiting in the wings for poor old Sessions to be booted out.
Is she even a lawyer?
Thoughts & prayers, and a wall, obviously lol
A memorial to opioids users. A shame. WWI, WWII, Vietnam, Korea, Afghanistan, Iraq, fallen police officers and firemen, first responders et al. They deserve memorials. But opioid users? Next heroin users, wife beaters?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 
This is who we will honor?
Tear it down!
