“It should have been one school shooting and we should have fixed it! And I’m pissed! It’s my daughter I'm not going to see again."…
Deeply concerned with the tone deaf GOP when it comes to a REAL gun discussion.
Again Dens did nothing when they could have passed 2 different bills for gun control. They voted it down. So just stop with the holler than thou remarks.
Interesting perspective considering the GOP never wants to discuss gin control.
The GOP had 2 bills for gun control as did the DEMS. That made 4 bills to vote on. The Dems voted no on the 2 GOP bills that would have passed the house and senate so tell me again how the DEMS want gun control or do they just want to use it when it sutes them.
May want to look into what was actually in the bill. Making it easier to buy a silencer is not a good idea
I did the Dems clamed that the GOP bills didn’t do enough to help but yet it did something and something would have been better than nothing. Just saying. This is a hard subject to talk about no matter what side you are on. So we all need to stop with this foolishness.
Agreed. It is one of those topics that gets peoples blood boiling quickly.
@TheDemocrats don't want to fix it, they need the carnage to continue until they get rid of the 2nd amendment and confiscate all the guns, right from the communist playbook
I dont think anyone wants to get rid of the 2nd amendment (you should read it, its not very long). I think the proposal would be a ban this type of weapon of war, which is not really an “arm” as envisioned by the 2nd amendment founders.
You dont know very much about history and the slippery slope, and the 2nd Amendment was written to protect or ownership of ANY type of weapon of war, so WeThePeople can defend ourselves against tyrannical Gov, like it or not,
The American revolution started with the over TAXATION by the King, when they wanted to confiscated the colonies firearns, that was the straw that broke the camels back so to speak. Every totalitarian regime removes the guns from the population, eventually a despot takes over
Check out Hitler and the Nazis history and rise, and then checkout Venezuela, you would not be happy living in that environment. If you checkout the stats, the USA is the safest place, when it comes to firearm ownership,
more babies are murdered by abortion, and children by pedophiles and human trafficking, No one will ever convince me that I am safer by relying on someone else to come to my rescue, when seconds count, the police are minutes away,
The Broward County Sheriff proved it, and when they did arrive they just stood there, it almost like they wanted to killing to continue to promote his anti-gun agenda, that shooting was TOTALLY preventable and they closed their eyes to all the evidence
I am now hopeful this madness will stop! Ty @POTUS for having this #ListeningSession
It would be nice if the President had a “fix it” session. Listening is just an evolved version of “thoughts and prayers.”
Fixing our unsafe schools is not done in one day, or one session. Think. This is where being mature adults, offering ideas and discussing with respect comes along. Our schools won’t be safer sooner if sneakiness continues.
Did you watch that father speech? Can’t makes schools safe in a day? Are you kidding me. Not gun laws. Schools. Fucking schools. Shoulda been fixed after columbine but people like you say it takes time. You’re a part of the problem.
Why did Trump needs notes to demonstrate sadness?
Why do you think he’d have notes? Perhaps so he had family’s names at hand? Perhaps so he could refer to each victim by name? Lose the snark. Be an adult and concentrate on our children’s safety...not petty snarky comments.
That note wasn’t large enough for the names. And if it was for that purpose HE DIDN’T use it did he!
You suck @KellyannePolls
Nobody says anything about the video games these idiots played their indoctrination of events to come with their dysfunctional life's it's not the gun

Stop!  You people make me sick with all your hateful tweets. Grow up will you.
Dude you need to wake up....
We saw 8 years of hate, what you can’t take the heat now?
8yrs. of hate ? You were living in Syria were you ? Then I agree whole heartedly with you !!!
Bye Felicia
You want to go down in history for doing something that made a positive change in the US ? Repeal gun laws across the nation !!! No more mass shootings and no more kids being killed.
Let’s see if Trump is as moved as you claim he is. Will he ban assault weapons, will he raise the age to 21 for any gun.  Or will Trump & the Republicans continue to accept blood money donations from the NRA who because the youths care losing business endorsements. Please reply.
I went on Kellyanne’s Twitter site & was surprised to find that over 95% of her tweets are RETWEETS, why. Well it’s called hiding behind what other people say in case the matter of concern goes south. Sounds like someone else (Trump) we know, good student.
And what? Las Vegas wasn’t sad or enough? I watched you during the “ listening session “......pathetic! Just friggin pathetic! Might have well threw off your shoes and curled up on the couch rolling your eyes .
shooting survivor asks:
After Sandy Hook, "what did you do? Not a damn thing."

"After 49 people...were murdered at Pulse, what did you do? Not a damn thing."

"What did you do yesterday when given the chance? Not a damn thing."

Still love your guns...?
The pain is real. Sorry for the pain. Crisis actors everywhere you will not fool the anons. Deep state we are coming to expose your wicked ways. Q
Ur the saddest fucker I have ever seen
If you're moved by it, then DO SOMETHING. Stop pretending you care, stop "listening". Do something. Oh, and should you actually do something, make sure @potus keeps his script hidden better next time. That's some unbelievably classless shit right there.
Politi——why hide the script...why does that even matter??
One shouldn't have to have something like "I hear you" written by some aide on a piece of paper in front of them when "leading" this room. I really shouldn't have to explain why.
Oh please....stop spreading the hatred
American ppl hearts are broken over senseless loss of lives!
We admire the courage; listening to ideas; & civil dialogue!
American ppl are hoping positive action will be the result of White House Listening Session!
Gun Control is not the answer!
Safety in our schools is!
It I way gun control will solve this problem.  I think the liberals is at fault more. The laws are weak, no discipline in schools and the people commit thirst crimes, the warning signs are ignored.
Why are prisoners more protected than our kids @ school? OH, because prisoners don't have guns? The prisoners just call someone (with their phones purchased from C.O.'s) to do the shooting for them. Is this a pic of new elementary schools?
Your support of #NRA policies made this happen.
Well do something about it. Something that doesn't mean more guns in the hands of more people.
It's not NRA's fault, not Trump's, not Conway's. THINK! If we had TOTALLY dem. congress & president, no guns, evil will still FIND A WAY!
They are all about laws that suit their agenda. 
Regulate my uterus. Build a wall. But...We can’t regulate guns it would never work.
I am too. I pray for the Kids and their Parents. But, we can prevent this from NEVER happening again:
Perhaps you can also compare the US to many other countries where teachers are not armed yet there are almost no school shootings?
Don’t bring other countries into this! Are they the greatest country in American? No ! they’re not. Other countries wish they were us. In every way
Yes I watched very very sad my heart hurts for all that was affected by this terrible act. I feel that President Trump was very compassionate and consoling.
Is this sarcasm? I hope?
No it’s not sarcasm! Happen to love our President. I’m not a bot and least of all not a Russian bot. Born and raised in the good old USA!
He had to be coached to say “I hear you.”  Really lady? That’s heartfelt compassion??
Very sad indeed, the students killed in Florida. Perhaps now people can relate to the overwhelming pain and grief, each Angel family feels, of our loves ones killed by illegals. NO AMNESTY, AMERICANS FIRST.
If the mall can hire security guards, the Govt schools should be able to as well. Surely the schools think the kids are as important as merchandise.

#BREAKING: NRA comes out against any bill setting age limit for gun purchases http://hill.cm/l9mZDrd  
Propose a bill banning both assault weapons and pornography and watch the aiders and abetters of rapists scurry like rats.  I guess Jared Fogel didn't realize what he did was a crime. Oh he did? Obama's fault. Right?
Put your thoughts and prayers into that saggy coinpurse and let your boss grab it because he's famous.
Did you write your boss's crib notes, or was that Hope Hicks? God, that was PATHETIC.
The empathy cheat-sheet, including the “I hear you” pointer, demonstrated that this was as genuine as this moron’s hair. #photoOp #GunControlNow
Deeply disappointed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  is afraid to face the students in Florida.
EVERY day has been sad for most Americans since you guys arrived there.
You ARE excluding Fake45 from those adjectives... right? Because he is just a 
#ProtectOurChildren
When he took office was the saddest day...#ResignNOW #Unqualified
SECURITY  Detection  Schools and  Building  Security
http://www.ceia.net/security/ap_buildings.aspx …
A metal detector may help stop someone from trying to sneak a gun in.  It will do nothing to stop someone marching in with the intention of killing anyone they see.  I doubt the shooter tried to hide his weapon.

@ABC complicit
Why were you afraid to invite all the students?

Then we will call her Michelle
Amazing meeting!! So proud of @POTUS. We have to listen to them. My heart was breaking. I hope and pray this will lead to much overdue changes. 
Why didn't you invite the survivors of the Bowling Green massacre?
Trump is not even there.
I was moved to tears. 
Who knew you can feign compassion. Now do something. Start by stepping away from the toxic NRA, you’ll be able to see common sense solutions much more clearly. #neveragain
Trump wasn’t so sad going to a disco party after visiting victims for a photo op
He needed a cue card to remind him to be sad.
way to go andrew!
wow first genuine thing I've ever heard uttered by this woman!
There was NO RESOLVE. Nothing has been done by Trump or the Republicans, because they get paid to much by the NRA.
It was sad to see this, but thank you to president trump for setting this up, now we need to act, meddle detector would be a great idea, bulletproof doors would help, police officers at schools would help, 1 way in 1 way out. Undercover police walking around.
Reporters, stop amplifying the disingenuous voices of these ghouls whose careers are bathed in the blood of dead children
All show and no real compassion for the students. Nra has the white house and Republicans in their pocket. Let's recognize who these people are and vote them out, so our kids have a chance.
Where’s the resolve to CHANGE THIS BANAL, CRUDE CULTURE?? I guarantee many of those in that room went home to Call of Duty, rap, boorish and violent movies, drugs, etc.! THAT needs to change! We had ALL the guns we wanted and more and NOT ONE TIME did this happen, and I’m 60!!!!
We have Call of Duty, rap, boorish and violent movies (mainly from Hollywood!) and some drugs here in the UK. And we DON'T have massive amount of gun crime. Jeffrey, you should focus on removing all guns from US society, not infringing people's freedoms.
Removing guns IS infringing on freedoms!
Who the hell is talking about taking all guns away??  Regarding high-powered, semi-automatic weapons originally designed for use by soldiers, those should never be in civilian hands.
No one is talking about taking all the guns away. That’s my point. Yesterday was just a brainstorming session.
If you don't try to remove all the guns from American society (except maybe the police) then you'll never change anything. You'll never find the really good level of peace that the UK has. This situation is EXACTLY what the phrase "Bite the bullet" was invented for.

Loving all that NRA money!
Do you think he’s going to actually do anything about gun violence, though? I’m guessing he won’t.
I like that Pres Trump was open to discuss the possible ways to combat school violence
Yeah, it was just for show.
If the GOP doesn’t do anything about gun reform, the sad days will continue.
How about enforce the laws already on the books?
The Trump administration is doing an awesome job!  Have faith restored
What? How?
The entire presidency.....sorry you can’t see it....but do wonder why you’d follow Kellyanne
I follow her for the comedic value. And trump is a fraud on multiple levels. Sore you can’t see it. 
*sorry
And this is the difference between the Dems and the conservatives.....
None of which was displayed by the DOTUS.
Did it move you enough to do anything about it other than to arm the teachers?
Sounds like several measures will be put in place.
Only if directly affected can u fully understand the sorrow they are facing.  Teachers unless they are prior marine, military should be armed.  There are some  good teachers, but there also some really far left crazy ones, who react like the police unprotecting them.
Yeah, except you are part of the problem! No civilian needs assault style rifles. No one. Period.
Horribly scanky
How can you be moved by emotions when you have no soul? Asking for a friend.
Crooked Kellyanne. Office of Special Counsel: Conway violated Hatch Acthttps://www.cnn.com/2018/03/06/politics/kellyanne-conway-hatch-act/index.html
Job description:

Teacher. Underfunded classroom, packed with too many kids, with little to no support and few supplies. Must be proficient in firearms and prepared for combat. 

Starting salary: $36,000 
(No 'Killed In Action' benefit offered)
Spare us Kellyanne Conjob
so accurate!
Yes, tragic, horrible, unimaginable. Please do not give into the Democratic rhetoric, it's a trap as always, they say they want an inch, and they want the whole mile.  Do not retreat.  The law is the law, enforce the 56 laws already in action in Florida, criminals will break them
Then do something Kellyanne, Jesus Christ. We had 1 school shootings here in the U.K. over 20 years ago. We changed the laws and it’s not happened since. You guys let it happen over and over again.
They dont want to change anything unfortunately :/
Kellyanne quick-- you have to choose right now without thinking-- your kids' lives or banning semi automatic rifles? Which is it? Right now. I want you to defend guns -- pls tell us how you want your kids to grow up-- with armed teachers? Or no guns
That's crap; not an either/or ?. There's room for both. This happened not because of gun availability; because authorities, w/ample warning on this kid, did nothing - from locals to FBI. And 4 chicken deputies who did not go in. THAT's why I want my AR...to protect myself.
Chicken deputies? They had handguns and heard AR shooting, that would have been suicidal.
Were you the one passing notes to Trump?
Look at the writing. Kelly is like 60 she’s definitely got some crazy scribbles. That’s Ivanka for sure. The printing is so adorable.
This guy figured it out:
It looks like Ivanka wrote her dad's notes on how to handle himself during the "student listening session"... on the left, photo was taken by @CKaster staff photographer for the Associated Press @AP 
Wow. I was just thrown stones there. Awesome. Well done sir. Good find
And your solution is to arm teachers and remove gun-free zones? Go f*ck yourself Kellyanne.
And YOu have a problem with that? Pe haps you should follow your own advice!
Putting more guns in school? Yeah, I have a problem with that. You can go f*ck yourself too, Patrice.
Since I don’t swear...or give any of my valuable time to those who do...
How can you be deeply moved when Trump suggests more guns in the schools? It’s sheer madeness. #EnoughIsEnough
It’s the only thing that will actually stop the next one. It’s madness to believe otherwise.
So sorry you are so naive.
Hey Kellyanne, you all in for your kid's teachers having a gun on them, or do you want your kids to not have to think about getting KILLED IN THEIR OWN CLASSROOM?  More guns?  REALLY?  Sick minds.
It was quite beautiful to see people speak their hearts & minds.
The people commenting on this thread are hateful and need to stop. There is a time and place and this is not the time or the place to spew your hate.
Yes much more clarity, bravery, passion and resolve than potus
This is like when you find out Darth Vader still has a shred of humanity left. Do what he did and quit the dark side.
#Dosomething
Armed, honorably discharged Vets alongside local LEO's and school administration. This in addition to better, more thorough background checks. This problem CAN be solved. Mention this to your boss, please. Thanks.

Now do something
Everyone was civil&respectful to each other, which I'm sure will set the libs clacking &bashing the grieving the participants for not putting gun control front &center
I have very, very little confidence that Trump will actually do diddly squat about the NRA, background checks and banning assault weapons.
That's very nice of you. Now try not to fuck up our making of new gun laws.
Here’s your chance to use your platform to do good. Did you hear Wayne LaPierre say that Liberals don’t care about school safety? I call BS!
The saddest day for me was when you all moved into the White House so get the hell out soon please
Sad that he needed a crib sheet on how to act like a feeling human being. To be fair, he was a little better at it than he usually is. But still pretty terrible.
U r an embarrassment

Bring prayer back into schools, see if problems go back to low levels before 1962 when they took prayer out!
5. I hear you.
Nobody wants to hear from you about this or any other issue, you soulless freak
Now you know how half country feels and how sad they felt the day that you did arrive there it was one of our saddest day , well I guess besides jumping up and down on the couch in the president's office like a child and the day you put out alternative fact. Mercers pay well.
If you watched this video, and then made your little snarky millennial comments, you’re a fucking asshole. You are the problem, you little soft video game playing, participation trophy getting assholes.
A shred of credibility would have served you really well here.
Aw, shucks. You're still pumping that asshole's agenda.
No one takes you seriously.
Every day has been a sad day for us since you all got there.
Every day I hear of another veteran committing suicide because of Congressional & VA policies to deny benefits, healthcare, pain & PTSD medications, is another sad day for America. Loss of heroes could easily be prevented but 22 we know of commit suicide daily from hopelessness!
Yes and Trump does not do anything about it!!

My saddest day is when you arrived there.
You can blame your boss for this as he put a gun in the hands of a mentally challenged person!
But not actually sad enough to do anything to try and prevent the next one, eh?
@realDonaldTrump This is what you should be working on every day until it’s fixed.  Our kids need to be safe at school!
But, hey, who's counting?
if only anyone could believe anything Kellyanne conway says
You’re only saying that because this man was pictured wearing a Trump t-shirt last year. You couldn’t give a shit about his loss.
Watching @CNN is rough. Not sure why im suprised its so biased. This town hall feels more like a bash Trump rally.
We all cried today with these children. There was no heart left indifferent watching the pain,the shock,and the suffering these kids went through. One would have thought that liberals' hate will stop even if just for a few days, but sadly, it is not. View comments below. Sad!
So then get your boss to DO SOMETHING #GunControl
As long as you continue to spread Trump's lies, you can't be trusted. #sycophant
Thank you for being real about this.  Even if you disagree with 99.9% of something someone says, you gotta give props for the .1% you do agree with.  #props
Moved enough to be courageous and defy your @NRA donors by doing the right thing??
But Trump is the only one to do this. He’s the greatest!!!
So Kellyanne will go to the @NRA  convention and forget every word she just heard , hypocrites
Heartbreaking!
Dont just be sad, DO SOMETHING
Then some go on msnbc cnn
None sadder then January 20th.
I bet you have a lot of sad days
GOP will do nothing but stupid background checks, mental health flaggings which will do nothing. As long as automatic and semi automatic weapons are for sale it won't stop. Ban these weapons outright.
GOP policies caused this
Are you sad on the President’s behalf? 

Asking for a country.

Heart breaking 
Amen to that, sista!
The saddest day was when your Sorry as s showed up
You're obviously not talking about your leader. Trump was barely able to contain himself sitting there not really listening till he could call for MORE guns. Wonder how much NRA will pay his campaign for this bullshit call.
Yet Donald Trump Jr is going around liking conspiracy theories about these same kids
Quote, "Let's work with the president!"
Enough said.
Well said.
#ImPissedToo
It is a shame that your boss doesn’t feel the same.
One of the things I realized today was that these people who were literally brought to their knees in fear and pain still found the civility to gather their emotions enough, come together among differing opinions  & races & respectfully search for solutions #realAmerica
HYPOCRITE.
Everyone knows
.@realDonaldTrump is BOUGHT AND PAID FOR BY #NRA AND RUSSIANS.
NRA paid $32,000,000.00 

#BloodOnYourHandsTRUMP
#BloodOnYourHandsNRA
#TrumpRUSSIA
#ParklandStudentsSpeak
#SaveOurChildren
#Columbine
#NewtownPromise
#BanAssaultWeapons
#IStandWithEMMA
You are a ghoul
Once again ABC is misleading the public. This man wants to work with President Trump. He mentions an armed guard at the entrance of the building. His point was why aren’t there armed guards at the school? Why aren’t there armed teachers at the school?
You're only temporary..do something for the good of the people instead waging war against them.
would be nice if your boss had any of those things
This and many past terrible events prove you can't fix stupid (I.e. the FBI).
Liberals only want to control we the people not fulfill their Constitutional duty!
ABC ruins the event by exposing their hate !   Blowing up MR Trumps notes.    ABC just sucks !
Blunt. Powerful. Fix it America 
The saddest day is WHEN you arrived there.
This administration's actions speak so loud
 we can't hear a thing your saying
It’s weird when you remember one of the principles you started out with.

And I don’t mean the rhetorical “you.” The rest of us do this all the time.
So what exactly is @RealDonaldTrump & his regime plant to do to ensure this never happens again?
#GOPPartyOfMassMurder

And you will have more saddest days to come if there are guns around!
AMONG? How to choose? There have been so many in the short period of this admin. Maybe Trump and GOP should have some resolve. This post does not bode well for you.


I agree,as you rarely say anything, that isn't a lie!!! The NRA,has too much influence!!!!!! Quit hiding behind the Second Amendment!!!!!!!!!!! There are too many guns,in the hands,of unqualified people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of my saddest days was your arrival at the WH
Can you convince the POTUS to condemn some of his base that are claiming that the FL mass shooting was a hoax and that actors are involved?
if only anyone could believe anything Kellyanne conway says

Your sellout party created this situation. We don't care if you are moved. We want it fixed.
It should have never happened did that sink in for you?
While that’s very kind and decent, unless you stand up to your boss and his #NRAsellout pol buddies, this means nothing.
Too bad your boss had to have someone write notes for him to appear human
They still want you to do something legislatively
Raise your hand if you think Trump thinks this tweet is referring to him.
You are not capable of feeling sadness.   You need to be human for that
But you will defend the inaction of the Republican Party for the rest of your life, won’t you?
Indeed
It was so sad & moving!
Doesn’t look that way
Really? This was you after the Las Vegas shooting, I believe.

The First being Inauguration Day?
#GetRussiaOutOfMyWhiteHouse 
#BanAssaultWeapons 
#GoHomeRussiaYoureDrunk
Oh give it up.heartless bi^$
This father has it right.  It’s not guns it’s school security.     Those attacking the president and think it’s his fault need to remember - Obama did nothing to put an end to these attacks.   Let’s work together and get it right.  It’s not hard.
I think... I think what I'm hearing... is empathy?
So many broken hearts, it’s a wonder anyone could work through such pain. None of you in the WH will ever be the same after today. Thank you for signing up for days like today.
I feel for this dad but I think his approach is the wrong one !!! It is about gun laws !!! Fix it !!!!


Praying for Gods peace over those family’s and friends.
