Prayers going up for a woman of great faith, great strength, and an unwavering love of country. Our country is better because of former First Lady Barbara Bush  
Here's a lady that if she ever ran for president would have won in a landslide. However, if by chance she did lose she would have never blamed it on anyone or played the gender card.  Barbara is a class act and a true patriot.  Sending love and prayers to her and her family.
Best President ever.

#KeepAmericaGreat!  :)
LOL  HILARIOUS
oh kellyanne. no one is going to care about you...
Praying for the Bush family 
God bless and give them strength during these difficult days.
May God be with her and The Family.
Barbara Bush most likely despises you.
And in the end. The Love you take. Is equal to the love you make. Mrs Bush made a lot of love.
Barbara is a incredibly gifted and wonderful lady full of love and sincerity I have felt her warmth and Kindness on more then occasion ( God Bless her and the Family)
God watch over her family and friends. She was like a Mom to all of us in United States.
But the three Bushes, (George, George W and Jeb) turned out to be traitors when @realDonaldTrump needed their supoport!
2017 to now the Bush family had more on their plate with Father and Mother health. If you are a good running President you do not not help from pass Presidents.
A true FLOTUS. God bless her and family
God Bless Barbara! You make us so proud! 
Agreed for once! And I agree with Mrs Bush and her distain for @POTUS
You're really gonna go all the way down with this ship, aren't you?
What does that have to do with Barbara Bush? You post the same shit every single time 
Oh for sure lol, I blocked him 
Sorry to offend - KC rubs us the wrong way. Anyway, sincere question for you - do you believe this is what’s actually happening?
Yes I do and it’s desperately needed on BOTH sides of the political aisle. DC is so corrupt is sickening! You may not like @POTUS, but if the deep state can come at him like this, what makes you think they won’t do it to someone like us?
Curious as to which parts of the swamp you think are being drained.
What I think has nothing to do with what you think. Form your own opinion. I’m not going to be goaded into an argument with you. Not my first rodeo with a liberal. Excuse me if I’m skeptical of your sincerity.
Did you just say on CNN that Comey swung the election? 
Thoughts and prayers for a wonderful First Lady.
God bless Mrs. Barbara and her family.   
Beautifully said....
Faith in God and honest woman.  Prayers!
What a Republican use to be. 
Grace, integrity and honesty. 
Yet, she basically said any woman voting for Trump is an idiot... 
It’s called “free speech”, ya know, that thing in our Constitution that only Liberals think they have a right to use Her opinion has nothing to do with how she is/was viewed as a former First Lady. Have some respect, wow!
Would you be ok with someone like Trump grabbing your daughter’s private parts? Would you be ok if you lost $35k paying for a “university” course? Or would you prefer to be a contractor who was scammed ?
One of the ways Barbara Bush has made our country better is by speaking the truth about y'all's terrible boss.

CC: @nikkihaley
Something tells me Mrs. Bush would not like Kellyanne in the least.
She loathes you soulless lowlives and you know it. @nikkihaley
God Bless this woman of substance #BarbaraBush 
Prayers for you and your family Mrs. Bush. 
shes going to hell
Do you know your destination?  Make a decision before it’s too late. No turning back
I pray for her soul.  I hope her great faith is in Jesus Christ!
I am praying for her to go peacefully
She didn't do too bad for a Crowley.
@nikkihaley 
Oh please. We all know what she is.
When that Law defiling, JFK assassination assisting Crowley bastard gets where she's going, she's sent with a message to tell Beelzebub "That's a start".
Time is near for Barbara , we pray
Mrs. Bush despises your president. She was quite vocal about that.  I doubt any of the Trump Crime Syndicate will be be welcome to celebrate her life. Your hypocrisy is showing, Kellyanne.
Really,what did she accomplish?
What I have to say is best left unsaid.
Now we’re stuck with a gold-digging do-nothing as “First Lady”.
Agreed!  A very admirable woman who represented the United States with grace, dignity, and sincere compassion!
What, no thoughts? just prayers?
I can’t imagine this family wanting anything from you or your crime syndicates. Sit down.
No.... it’s definitely too late!
Yes! Nikki Haley is a first class lady that is acknowledging a wonderful woman. Mrs. Bush has done so much for so many. Her literacy program has helped so many. Such good work. Mrs.Bush is a fine lady and is in my thoughts and prayers. 
re: monday morning @ChrisCuomo @CNN interview...OMG,  Kellyanne is as #unhinged as the #blowhard she works for. Girl, you look and act #crazy! Recommend meds and a long vacation!
The best first lady United States have ever had.
Y’all are pretty much destroying the country First Lady Barbara Bush loved.  Oh, yeah, the country we all love—you know, the one based on the Constitution and not corruption? She thinks all of you are a disgrace and she is correct.

Not that you need to hear it from me...but keep up the good work Kellyanne...you've got moxie.
Barbara Bush does NOT like Trump.
You wouldn't know beautiful if you could see it in a mirror!
I thought taxpayers were paying for a makeup artist for you and SHS, you two need a magician!

The ugly truth about KC. Watch 3 seconds.
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/985860570355261440?s=19 …
Kellyanne Conway talking with Chris Cuomo this morning sounds like a drunken rooster
Morally unfit to serve as President...
Couldn’t agree more Nicki - such a sad story - but such a legacy 
Love, Respect and Prayers
She was a great roll model for women and girls. She was tough but fair. Bless her and the Bush family. Thoughts and prayers are with them.
Prayers & Many blessings
She is royalty of American politics..Bush dynasty was recognised for her charisma and for the grace she showed on public platform... she was a force behind the scenes.. Pillar of strength to the Bush family..
I am a Liberal.  I Love MRS. BARBARA BUSH! She is a strong, Independent women, with morals. She hates Trump. Does not understand how a woman could ever vote for him. Praying for comfort and i know your beloved family surrounds you! The CIRCLE of LIFE! HOW BLESSED YOU ARE.
Have you retained legal counsel? 
What does @MichaelCohen212 Have on you?
Kellyanne, please show respect to America and do something with that mop of yours before you go on CNN. This is not Faux News, people are actually watching and don’t appreciate your Bed Head on air. I genuinely feel sorry for George every morning. STFU
If you're someone who looks like Quaker Oats man. 
“Alternative facts”?
Amen.
A woman who, BTW, hates your boss with a passion.
It’s AMAZING TO SEE SOMEONE TAKING PRIDE IN THEIR COUNTRY AND JOB!! SHES TOTAL CLASS!!!
Sorry I don't like president Bush because when they had that hurricane she said some horrible things to those people that were suffering so

I so agree. Say what you’d like, but I will always appreciate and respect the Bush family.
Eat shit, Conway.
being sent. @georgebush

CMN is so popular that you force yourself to go on with Chris cuomo. Lolololo Lololo. You need cnn
Im sure the Bush fanily doesnt want to hear Conways empty words. Conway = TRUMPWHORE
Remember the time you guys attached her son? I’m sure she felt great about that

Your interview right now with Chris cuomo is demonstrating how angry and flustered you are about your boss who’s soon to be fully exposed by Robert mueller.  You got blood coming out of your....WHEREVER
Trump, GOP & KellyAnne
Meanwhile, you are just SAD.
Whoa can you say #CNNMELTDOWN

holy crap for 1 you look terrible you need some sleep 
2 you make no sense what are you talking about
Silence however from that #misogynistic #stupid #orange #shitgibbon who you work for.
Mrs Bush also said she had no idea why anyone “would be for tRump”.  Smarter woman than you are Kellyanne.
Prayers for a very gracious lady as she takes her final journey here.
Praying for you Mrs. Bush. You have always been and are a great example of a Godly women, wife and mother.
Lifting the Bushes up in my prayers
#prochoice. Aborted babies don't get the choice of comfort.
Too bad we don't have a First Lady now 
She didn't vote for Trump; neither did her husband.....smart lady!
How did we ever go from a lovely woman like Barbara  Bush to a nude model Stepford Wife.
Ummm, I hate to be Captain History, but isn't she a Bush?  The CIA, DS, JFK, 9/11 Bush?  Iraq, Iraq Bush?  Patriot Act Bush?  TSA Bush, DHS Bush, NWO Bush?  ...but, none of that evil benefitted her personally - all coincidence.
Barbara Bush would not appreciate her name coming out of your mouth, @KellyannePolls #Liar
Are you both trying to get fired?
Barbara Bush was and still is the quintessential First Lady.
@KellyannePolls no one believes a word you say!!
You should take notes because you are nothing like her.
What about my tribute
It is beautifully said, too bad the guy you work for is the exact opposite.
No he isn't if Trump could be Trump you would see a different person fake news and you guys will not allow it
Lady, with all due, one need not look beyond his twitter feed to know doesn’t come close.
@KellyannePolls Hey!...Good Afternoon! Hope you and your family had a nice weekend.Thanks for sharing. My thoughts and prayers go out to @GeorgeHWBush #FirstLadyBarbaraBush #PresidentBush @LauraWBush @JebBush #MrsBush and the entire Bush Family...God Bless Them! 
Sad that her and her husband forgot to pass on any "Family Jewels" to their sons! Yes, she definitely was/is the Le Patrona!
And there you go guys - someone FINALLY mentioned Laura Bush from @WhiteHouse . We were wrong. Thought it would take even longer. What a disgrace. Anything from the idiot in the oval office. NADA. Come on @realDonaldTrump you can do it but proof it first please!
Barbara Bush, a classy woman who has sealed her place in history. Prayers and blessings.
So when is POTUS going to tweet something about Barbara Bush? Oh wait, he is too busy today creating new low intelligence epithets for Comey and others. Too busy tweeting his nasty tweets to have some compassion for Barbara Bush. Sad that he has so little concern for humanity.
I know you think you have to politically back scratch, but there will come a time when politicians will be judged on their merits, not their position.
Actually Laura Bush did nothing important
Wish I could say the same about your face.
Indeed, 
But NOT by YOU!
She supported Bush that helped assassinate JFK??? And he supported the NEW WORLD ORDER!! And grew big gov!!
It’s so wonderful to see you and the administration literally imploding before our very eyes!!!!!!!   We are loving it!!!!!!
You need a 12-step program! ASAP
James Comey doesn’t need your advice.  His book is not even out yet and 850,000 first print copies are already ready to be sold. Why???  Because Americans want to buy facts and read facts
Trump is a greatest President we  ever had.
You best believe she is appalled by this administration and everyone in it.
There should be more humans like Mrs. Bush in this world and less of negative black clouds, who rain on every parade.
Stormy weather
Disagree! She and her daughter-in-law, Laura Bush, are very socially Liberal and anti-Trump and inappropriately vocal about Trump, as are the majority of the Bush Clan. Not denying them their political views, but disagreeing with the accolades! That said, I still wish her well.
Had little Jeb not run for office they would be fine. Got miffed because Trump took him out of the game.
I guess two Bush (father and son) presidencies and the sons' governorships in TX and FL was not good enough for the Bush Clan? That said, I do like the younger George P. Bush. He seems to be his own man and different than his dad, Jeb 
Her power came from self-respect.  She had expectations of herself and those around her,  she didn’t compromise herself for a dollar or a vote. Another role model!
Too bad you are not capable of such tweets. Sad.
You'll NEVER compare to her...
We need a female President badly. And no, I don't mean Ivanka.
you are her total opposite
Our country has lost a beautiful, kind First Lady. Prayers for the Bush Family.
Maybe you could learn a thing or 2 about speaking beautifully & eloquently!!!
The Untold  10's  of  Thousands Of Innocent  Women & Children & Men Slaughtered & Blown to Bits  On The Orders of Her Husband & Son , Collateral Damage ,  THEIR Loved Ones Might NOT Fell Sooooo Kindly....Might be More of A "Die Bitch Die , Slowly & In Great Pain "
Barbara Bush cannot stand any of you. How dare any of you fiends even say her name?
Boy Dorothy, you are such a pleasant person.
Oh my this is so true. Prayers for Barbara Bush and all of the Family.
Praying for the bush family, who btw can’t stand trump so don’t pretend kelly that you care just because she is a republican.
Nikki Haley a great woman for our young girls and young women to emulate!  Thank you Nikki!!  President Trump chose well.
Do Nimrata’s Sikh prayers count? #hypocrites
Yes, Mrs Bush is a nat'l treasure. You did ur best to tear down what was once the GOP. @KellyannePolls
Don't even comment....You are not even on the same or higher level of is woman.  Class and grace are not in your vocabulary....hag.
I notice POTUS has no kind words for the Former President Bushs.
Or Nancy Reagan.
It would be fitting for Jackie-O.
This woman is great not afraid to meet her faith. GOD BLESS you BARBARA , HEAVENS GAIT ARE WIDE OPEN FOR YOU .
Act like you care, Bimbo. smdh
Prayers from liars and cheaters don't help
What David Roy said!
Is our country better because of Donald Trump?

A time when the Republican Party had integrity & dignity then came Trump!
Keep up the great work. It shows you how much hate is out there on Twitter on the left.
They have
Post Election 
Trump Derangement Syndrome 
aka - PETDS
Something we can agree on.
Where is the response from Trump and his crime family?
Its ironic, Barbara Bush can't stand Trump or his misguided cronies, and here you are throwing sentiment (lol)
Prayers from you Conway are the kiss of death
Great Lady one of the kind.

You work for a man that insulted her husband and her sons. How come he doesn't say something Kells???
Why don’t you try a wee bit of class and civility KellyAnne?
Its a bit said when you say something like this, when you work #RussianPOTUS. Mrs Bush and her husband devoted their lives to a better America for everyone and they despise #TraitorTrump
#BarbaraKnew
Kelly you are disgusting! You are as bad as Sara! You girls need to go home and be re-raised!
Don't pretend you care about anything but LYING asshole!
We love you Mrs.Bush and will continue praying for you and your family. You are a National Treasure! God Bless. 
She despises you and the person you work for....
yes, I'm glad you and Nikki at least can recognize an admirable woman
Yes this is another thing everyone can agree on.  A great classy lady!
Yup, I remember First Ladies and Real Presidents.
She hates Donald Trump
Too bad your version of the gop is an embarrassment to her and the rest of us.
“And so many of the people in the here, you know, were underprivileged anyway, so this is working very well for them." Barbara Bush, on some Katrina victims. Talk about revisionist history, re-tweets one who supports Alternative Facts.
The Bush family hates you.
prayers for another human being who stuck by her husband,
while your boss tweets hate and lies. not a word about bush from potus
She cannot stand you.

I always liked you Mrs.Bush. I loved seeing you as a wife and mother most of all. Loved your straight forward answers your obvious abiding love of President Bush 41 and family. God Bless you and I pray His obvious abiding love for you be seen by all Americans.
That's why you didn't say it.
I thought you guys hate CNN?   Let all that anger out KELLY
Strange... Trump was nasty to Barbara Bush.....
Great job mopping the floor with @ChrisCuomo   And yes Go Eagles!!!
Not in my book. Not after what she said about Trump
YOU ARE SO FLUSTERED THAT BLOOD IN YOUR FAVCE IS RUSHING OUT OF YOUR WHEREVER!!!!!! YOU ARE SO ENSLAVED TO YOUR MASTER TRUMP TGAT YOU CANT BE CIVILIZED DURING AN INTERVIEW.   GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER AS YOUR PRESIDENT IS BEING EXPOSED
The Bush clan of scoundrels spear-headed the Mexican invasion & the Globalist agenda that culminated in thousands of factories and millions of jobs overseas - the rust belt is mute testimony to their treachery. Between globalism and the Mexican invasion they gutted this nation

OMG! Kelly, have you ever looked  at one of your photos? Don't know if that is your face or your VIGINA , you need some work there AAAUUUGGGG
Saw you on CNN thismorning...Ugh.  Your lies & spin were ridiculous.  They are wearing on you...you're getting more haggard...just stop.

Kelly Ann having a bad hair & makeup day!

Please make this your last interview holy crap your scaring my kids
Can you embarrass yourself anymore?

#conwaycnnmeltdown
