Look who else is rolling their eyes. Marriage trouble lately? #BowlingGreenMassacre

..it was also true.
So, tell that to Dana Bash.
Tongue-in-cheek, you're doing it wrong. 
This is excellent catch!! :)
Credit goes to --->
If you missed the garbage fire of an “interview” that @KellyannePolls just did with CNN, this freeze frame pretty much sums it up. “A lot of people are saying” she is unstable. 
She’s such a F ing witch.
trumps sad pit bull ...
kellyanne conway...
Yea, she's about as funny as a dropped box of rusty nails and rats.
45 americans who defined the election

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2016/11/45-americans-who-defined-election-race_48.html …
Oh your were just joking but Dana couldn't be huh....funny how that works aint it?!?!?

We know you weren't kidding  because you lack a sense of humor.
maybe she has a serious medical condition.......botox brain  #stonefacedliar
@KellyannePolls  BullS__t!
huma is the one that threw the election. she hadn;t of sent all those emails to her husband and NYC cops found them, comey wouldn't of had to reopen the case. he wanted Hillary to win. remember he claims to read all those hundreds of thousands of email. to say all ok
words just don't matter to these crooked people.

But the thing is, words really DO matter, especially from these people.

We know we know...you were just feeding us more alternative facts, but in a funny way 
Nice photo of past presidents at Barbra Bush funeral, to bad you couldn't get Trump off Mar-A-lago golf course I to join his wonderful wife!
Mistress of the instant pivot... and the underworld of so called christians.
Professional #cult45 a$$licker.
She is as pathological as her master.  Was just on CNN, what a joke !
So now she is a comedian
Kellyanne, chooses to be offended though when its convenient.
Dana Bash owned her.
Please. Just. Stop. Talking.
Personally whatever Comey did or did not do,  I would never have voted for a person that sold this country out...just the uranium to Russia transaction alone was disgraceful at minimum.  Comey was evil and weak for not finding out what else she sold for her greedy wants.
That was not a tongue in your cheek.  Bobbing the knob.  Polishing the chrome?
Nope he did and you own him your job right now.
was this also tongue in cheek?
Kellyanne, you are doing a great job and I am proud for your service to President Trump and our Great Country. Stay the course we are always lifting Trump administration in prayer.
Wasn't it really Anthony Weiner aka Carlos Danger?  As I recall Mr. Trump gave Weiner a big old thank you at the conclusion of one of his rallies in November 16.
Say what you want while its still a free country! Convince Pres Trump not to fire anyone          because a few get histerical.  We have to move on...leave the uninformed cryers behind!

More alternative facts.
For once u told the truth. Truth has a way of coming out with the best of liars.
Pig.

Speaking of tongue-in-cheek.
Her tongue was not "in cheek"
@KellyannePolls backpedaling is my specialty!
Really who cares, just like Harry “I lied” Reid said “Well he didn’t win did he?” HRC lost who cares who put the final nail in that coffin?  Not me! #HillaryInHandcuffs WHERE IS THE FUCKING INDICTMENT?
doesn't look like her tongue was in her cheek
How do you tell if a liar is being sarcastic.......in her case it has to be lying because that is all she knows how to do.
Really? I think Kellyanne should be a clown since she acts like one! Oh wait, take a look here at her try at comedy and singing! https://www.facebook.com/NowThisPolitics/videos/2014691458562334/ …
You know if you live a more truthful life you probably wouldn’t look like a walking skeleton with a blonde wig super glued to a skull.
Since when was a liberal able to take a joke?  Haha rock on KellyAnne Conway!
Lol, right.
Too bad we can’t tell your sarcastic lies from your real lies. Too much makeup? #MAGA.
Kellyanne is a moron. Sad that she is an advisor. When I think how ignorant he is, she opens her mouth and I realize she is oh well at least they have each other to talk to. Who else is going to listen.

Uhm...no, she didn't!
So you are saying he put this out so it would look bad on Hillary ? You admit DUMB trump shouldn't have won if he hadn't done this ?
She is a nut! I watched the interview she had with Chris on CNN and she is kooky! And a flake!
More revisionist history, Kellyanne? By the way, any updates on the Bowling Green Massacre?  #TheResistance
Kellyanne, it appears making any remark in jest within earshot of the press is usually misunderstood & misquoted.   Complex thought processes obviously drives them to a state of hysteria & confusion so be kind to those poor word mongers by keeping things simple.
They often say!!More truth in jest!!!!.
@KellyannePolls the usual expanation from the B team. #AlternativeFacts #Boxofrocks
Hillary Clinton and the DNC did their own great job in swinging the election.

Are you that desperate in your sad life Kellyanne? How can you even be proud of yourself?  Get a life!
I thought it was penis in cheek
Ah! ??? She has no sense of humor. She's too mean. Who's she kidding? Oops! She can't kid because she HAS NO SENSE OF HUMOR. I kid you not. Seriously!
Kellyanne people roll their eyes at what you say, not the other way around.
As usual, What The Cat Dragged In Barbie's spinning in regards to what she actually said was merely another blatant lie on her part. Considering how consistently dishonest she is, it's no wonder Sideshow Blob keeps her as one of his top spokes-liars.
Damn lie .you were not joking
WTF!
"I was only kidding," says President DUMB ASS sounds like everyone in this administration has a real strange sense of humour.  Every time they talk it's a joke that the rest of the world doesn't get, and won't for some time after they are gone.
NO, @KellyannePolls , you DID NOT roll your eyes. You weren't being "sarcastic". It was a Freudian slip. PERIOD. WE THE PEOPLE have known all along that trump is a "so-called" president, elected SOLELY on Comey's outrageous announcement on reopening HRC's email investigation.
Tongue-in-cheek?
Comey was too stupid to throw the election on purpose.  He actually was trying to push Hillary into the Whitehouse, but then self preservation kicked in.
  What a confused,corrupt individual James Comey is.  How in the world did he ever get his job in the first place?
I'm thinking you might wanna take the day to go back and clear out a bunch of your old tweets. That goes double for your dolt of a boss. Nay. Triple.
Did that happen during the bowling green massacre?
Oh really?
Democrats thrive on hate, hence Any comment decent people make is subject to their hate spin. Parents had better awaken to the fact that their children are influenced by a MAJORITY of liberal left (so called) teachers.

It is important to remember that, while Bannon may be out of the White House, his partners in crime — Conway and Miller — remain. The Horsemen of the Trumpocalypse are still riding high: …
I feel like you said exactly what you meant. It's sad that you realize that too , if not you said it, Polly, oh I apologize I meant to say Kelly
Allow me. 
LAP DOG for tRump.
Oh come now, Kellyanne. Whether you were being "tongue-in-cheek" about Comey is irrelevant. Had he not reopened the investigation, you wouldn't be where you are today. It's your job and everyone has a price, but yours came at the cost of your personal integrity.
You’re ridiculous waste of time & existence!
Well he did. So don’t roll your eyes.
Sometimes sarcasm actually represents the facts. This is one of those times. If not for Comey Hillary would be called Madam President. Have no idea why he acted as he did but I am sure of the consequences for the rest of us.
https://twitter.com/i/moments/985969842149871618 … #HannityCohen #FoxNews #corrupted
Do you still work in the Whitehouse?  Oh yeah the opioid crisis and propaganda spin.  An as you would say alternative reality.  Scary

Yeah, sure.
Do you ever stop lying or does Conman @POTUS give you a hit of crack for every line of BS you spew.? How are those drugs and alcohol treating you? By your look I would say you been hanging out with Steve Bannon in the maintenance closet too much.
You my dear are a real peach. You said all that Comey had to do was keep his mouth shut (I do not disagree)..I truly wish our own POTUS would and you need to learn to do so as well (Bowling Green Massacre). All of you seem to be living in an alternate reality where truth is dead.
You backtrack almost as much as the president!
Americans are street smart. Propaganda only works short term for Americans. Democrats have not figured this out, keep trying to sell Failed Socialism.
Say what you like @KellyannePolls... We all know Comey played his part and the truth is now coming out.
Kellyanne I hope your high ass is capable enough to comprehend the context of all these tweets to you. Unfortunately you're too far gone on the orange kool aid. Let me help you..go far away..far away
Tongue in cheek you say?
@KellyannePolls I guess you’re going to have Trump crawl up your butt.  If I. Was you I’d speak less since gossip travels fast.
Were you drunk tonight? Slurred words, irratic behavior....
This lady is crazy, her husband should do an intervention. Can you IMAGINE the stress she brings home to the little ones!
It was tongue-out-of-cheek, too
Wow! Amassing  & Fascinating & Wow.
Kelly, where you been? You have some work done on you? Maybe give it another week
#AlternativeFacts is your go to back up. If you think you’re getting shit now for being his mouthpiece.... just wait until the Trump train hits @MichaelAvenatti and @StormyDaniels
Join your husband on the flipside of this train wreck.
Isn’t she suppose to be PR specialist?  Yet she seems to sh$@ the bed every time she’s in front of the camera.
So the Con finally spoke the truth....
"Oh, (tee-hee) it was just another alternative fact"



Looks liked you F’d up another interview, Kellyanne.

So, you expect us to believe a “highly qualified,” high profile, SENIOR WH staff member doesn’t know how to speak appropriately, and to the point where she has to clarify WHEN she’s being sarcastic? She could have SIMPLY added, “I don’t believe ...” this guy swung an election.

More “alternative facts” huh Kelkyanne? Sad.
Even God knows...
Brains
He is full of himself

This bleach in my eyes is really gonna hurt.
@KellyannePolls whose tongue? Whose cheek?
If you are ’ counseling ‘ the @POTUS , then you are doing a shitty job.  If I was him, I would can your snake-like ass. #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #BlueWaveIsComing
You're full of SHITE! And it appears that you also LIE & CHEAT just like your boss @realDonaldTrump!! Bye bye -- not soon enough to y'all.
#ImpeachTrumpPenceNow  #Impeach&ArrestTrump&Staff
#GreedLikePowerKills

I want to know just one thing Kellyanne - DID YOU CATCH THE FLY?
Anything is possible in Kellyann's world of Alternative Facts, right?!

It’s funny because it’s true. It’s also sad because that face is in your  White House
The president didn,t fulfill his promises towards the Christian in the Arab world
Way to backtrack Kelly.....alternative facts right?  We're all dumber for having listened to that interview.


It's a wonder she doesn't have an odor about her, seeing she is so far up Trumps ass!
99.99999999999.215% of everrrrrybooody, got it!
Are you still in trouble with the moron trump? Maybe you shouldn’t have said that Comey swing the election. Everyone knows that you believe it’s true!
Nope..did not see the eye roll.
Umm. With multiple ethics violations under her belt, it's time for @KellyannePolls to quit.
Another Trump LIAR !!!

You don't make those kinds of mistakes @KellyannePolls
Don't apologize  to to the smarmy  bed  wetting socislists.
Come is a lying duplicitous  embarrassment .
Could you have looked any dumber on @CNN? I think not.
I would like to see this evil woman in jail.
Liking your boss ass.
Not even a good try at covering that one up
I mean it’s basic safety protocol that when @realDonaldTrump shuts the door and it’s just the two of you that you should run out and call some other people in. Just ask any woman. #metoo #grabembythe
Kelly wouldn’t know the truth if it bit her in the arse.
Pls Remember that when #Kellywise talks most of the #USA rolls their collective eyes to yet another lie. What a pitiful life Satan's Trophy Wife leads. #reapthewhirlwind #karmaisbabich
Yeahhhhh righhhtttt
Oh, daring Kellyanne! You fooled us again!! You're so smart and tricky!

Pffffftttt...riiiiiight... 
#alternative fakes, who is the devil is tell someone to shut their mouths, I think if you look in the mic-wave you should see a spy, HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH, Loser
Sam . Meant this for Kellyanne Conway!!!’
I believe you Kellyanne
Sure KAnne, WinkWink; it was a slip of the tongue, WinkWink; of course Comey's late announcement isn't why Trump is in oval office, WinkWink; of course he received all those electoral (not popular) votes without any help, WinkWink; Comey nor Russia shouldn't be thanked, wink wink
wow they must be desperate to send you out. you have violated rules how many times?   and your comments that Comey likes the spotlight? Hilarious given Trump's ego and talking ABOUT HIMSELF all the time
Yeah, no, she didn’t.
Sick of you blanket Bull-Chit...start talking with facts and able to rebut accusations in an educated fashion!
When your a position like your in, they give it all these fancy names and terms but the bottom line is this your a liar period. You have no credibility whatsoever and the station that booked you had a stupidity break!!!

#morallyunfit
Run now Kellyanne while you still can
Were you drunk this morning on CNN? God you looked awful.
Boy hasn't that picture been touched up..
Now that Hannity has been exposed. Kellyanna is looking over her shoulder.
“Lock her up”. Doesn’t have the same fun ring to it anymore. Does it Kellyanna?
No shecwasnty
#TarmacMeeting
Tongue in cheek? More like brown tongue ... up Trump’s butt crack ...  ever since she switched camps ...
Yeah right Kelly! Are your kids liars too? Nice positive image you and SHS are!!
The book....its retaliatory, because he felt humiliated to America!
The joke is on us, Americans that Trump is the President. By the way you have aged terribly since joining the Trump team.

