Interesting. Homeless students, homeless Vets, homeless families, homeless period, NYC  is the capital of economic inequity and the poster child for failed social policies. Uber capitalism, zero humanity. To a NYer this isn't news.
Housing is at a premium here. Same for San Francisco, LA, and many desirable Cities. Has zero to do with “ failed social policies” more people wanna live here than anywhere else supply/ demand.
When incomes don't keep up with cost of living increases people end up homeless. Much of the disparity is due to "failed social policy" by way of corruption and failure to address rising income equality.
What polices? Name them. What social polices keep income stagnant? What does “corruption” have to do with a social policy?
Social policy is a very broad phrase. Every facet of social policy can be tied to wealth distribution & the disproportionate wealth of few while majority make less and get less for their money. It's a paradigm that's failing nationally but manifests differently across states.
I’m asking what specific social policies lead to a housing crisis
Social policy is a broad, deliberated phrase... So, tax loopholes for wealthy corporations would be one example of how tax policy correlates to the eventual disadvantage of the majority of people. You can't divorce the philosophy of ruthless capitalism from its effects.
Ok so tax loopholes increased homelessness in NYC? The original comment talked about failed social policies in NYC. I’m asking what policies specific to NYC are being referred to
Sad
Democrats in charge...where is the money the city gets from the government, really!
They need a Republican in there!!! 
Everybody is hiring, get a job.
Who is to blame,  their parents or the taxpayers ?
How does assigning blame help anyone? They're kids. They need help.
Therefore ?
Huh? They're kids, they need help. How does blaming someone help them?
What's the solution ?
How does blame help?
Now we see why you look 100 years old @KellyannePolls @IvankaTrump
#TrumpRussiaConspiracyProven 
Rebekah Mercer introduced Trump Campaign to CambridgeAnalytica, together with KellyAnne Conway.
Parscale was hired as a Big Data expert and coordination with Russia…
WOMEN VISITING NEW YORK CITY JAILS DESCRIBE A PATTERN OF INVASIVE, HUMILIATING STRIP SEARCHES

https://capitalparanaense.blogspot.com.br/2017/01/a-living-nightmare-women-visiting-new_58.html …
Yet we’re gonna throw a $30million parade down PA Ave.
PA ave is no longer a Liberal stronghold.  NYC is
Good. I rather have a parade of patriots than to continually fun NY and it’s leftist policies. 

NY Democrats made this mess. There is not 1 republican around to blame. Even Christy in NJ is gone, so he can’t get blamed either.
*fund
Who is in charge of New York City? A Democrat?
you don't care, you only want to hate on Democratic city, Democratic leaders,  and the #BlueWave

Why do we always wait until things become a disaster, out of control and/or ignored until we acknowledge the problems?Better to address the problem when first recognized, controllable & fixable than lead from behind, typical liberal agenda of destruction of lives. LOVE is answer
NYCneeds another Giuliani
If One is Homeless so very difficult to reach Peak Performance:  I had nearly been "ther at one point in my life:  What happens Day after Day is Pure Survival...despair can easily set in; Homeless Students readily turn to Drugs..downward Spiral...
I would think the homeless part of this issue is the issue, not that they are a student.  How can anyone think the two go hand in hand?
Only in America, School buildings get bigger and admistration, The monies take away from supporting kids.
Is the problem that people are coming to NY to go to school without having a place to live when they get there or are they American citizens that grew up in NY it's not the government's job to feed,clothe and house people
Time for a new governor, mayor on down.  Put good conservatives in charge to clean it up.  Did we have these problems with Giuliano?  Dems purposely (either that or their IQ is below 100) destroy everything they touch.
Its called liberal paradise
And the rich get richer. #WorstAdministrationEver
Sickening.  Increase public wage.  People can't support themselves let alone children on the meager minimum wage. Housing prices need to come down.
If you can't afford to live there, move.
Hey Jim I have been here 18 years! What I can’t afford is 2 yrs of litigation for harrasement, over 50 HP violations and everyone paid off to get a R~S apt back to mkt rate. #Justice
I can't live in places I can't afford, so I don't try to live there.
Then you shouldn’t comment. Many of us have been here for many years only to be half killed over money. I know I see what’s happening in court. A tenant for 15 years (me) in good standing can’t afford to fight a group of Iranian investors. They put us in a hole
New York fails alot of people. You have a rule for everything and an added cost to boot. So regulated so your way. I was born in NY went to school there and college left when I was 27 and NEVER looked back. The attitude of so many up there is just plain clickie and rude. :  )
Why the people don’t move to a better place?
Just get a small $1 million loan from your dad like everyone else, right?
Just try to live in Mexico, here you can know that there are not many chances compared to US.
Why don’t you go try living in the 13th century? Black Plague and the crusades will make modern day Mexico look like a paradise! 
You have a lot of very wealthy people in the USA. Students are your future. It can't  be that hard to arrange housing?
Another DEMONCRAP ruined state...
A Democrat controlled city, mayor and Governor have all failed our children. 

BAN Democrats.
NYC IS HARBORING 500,000 ILLEGALS. THEY NOT ONLY HAVE ALL OF OUR JOBS, BUT THEY'VE TAKEN UP ALL OUR HOUSING PUSHING RATES THROUGH THE ROOF!!!
They should NOT be so COMFY in as an ILLEGAL here in our country, that they OPENLY go to our Schools and WE feel WE fail THEM!!! They should be DEPORTED as family!
Is it the school district's fault they are homeless? Is Trump going to fund education adequately so that schools can provide extra needed services for homeless students?
And yet @realDonaldTrump feels the need to stroke his own ego and throw himself a parade. Money that could feed homeless vets.
http://www.egyptsouvenir.com/islam/jesus.htm 
Thank you trump.
Protecting our children is the backbone of any society. The USA LLC no longer protects children. This bought-out country pledges to protect corporate rule.
Says a lot about parents in NY does it not??
Weird.  You’d think that Comrade Cuomo @NYGovCuomo would want to do something about this during an election year.  He’s been very busy grandstanding with kids on a walkout of school this week.  That and laundering money from casinos and unions. Nice job Fidel! #nomorecuomo
AND..you see adds for rent,in NY for luxury apts.  offering up to two months rent free. Any corporation that can afford this has to have a surplus of emty http://apts.How  about forcing them to rent free for a year while the same corporation builds affordable for them?
How is this not causing a debate? This is terrible.
Yes, your tax plans hurt them. But you knew it would.
This is what the Democratic Socialists produce.
Those awesome liberal policies aren’t working?
this is another good thread to find trolls to block.
But Wall Street Profits and wealth concentration are up right?
That's all that matters in the so called Christian American society
Homelessness massively exploding in Democrat-controlled cities.  Funny how this was never discussed when the problem was growing during the Obama years...media bias exposes its ugly head again.  MSM cockblocking the bad news for 8 years.
"I already have the greatest solution to this. We will have them all designated as 'illegal aliens' and then deport them. That will really bring down the number of homeless in this country. Ain't I great?"
Los Angeles is also failing homeless students
the homeless and ppl with IQs under 90
111,500 homeless in NYC, but the NYC gov't focuses on global warming, overweight children, and cigarettes????  Nice priorities.
Instead of “big if true” we should say “Luther if true”
Way to go NYC,
The fact that there are 111,000 homeless kids is appalling. In this day and age with all the wealth in our country we are not doing such a good job.
I'm in this mood already but it's just...in a decent society, you could never see this headline. Never conceive of it.
Just one of #45Swamp advisors unnecessary spending of tax payers money could take care of this
And yet this is just one city.  Look at all the homeless citizens of our country...they should come first.
WTF how is that number real
NYC fails in most all phases of government !!
And not just educationally. Children should not be homeless, period.
#tragedy
why add "homeless students"?
The majority are living in homeless family shelters, some in hotels or apartments paid for by the city. They are not on the streets. City takes care of them with a close to $1 billion budget. Problem is getting families out of the cycle.
Kellyanne what are you doing about it? Just talking as usual?
I like that you’re going to blame Kellyanne.  Not the mayor, not the governor, but Kellyane. Makes sense.
That's a bigger population than most big towns! Unacceptable.
Use churches and synagogue pews to give them shelter. Problem solved
Having access to unstable temporary shelter does not make people any less homeless. It's not as though they would be permitted to stay there permanently or set up pews properly like beds.
Yes but let's spend $30 million for a military parade for your vile boss!!
I wonder if lack of affordable housing has something to do with it.... @NYCMayor
So what. Look at the money we'll save. Also, the dope will be reduced.
111,500 homeless kids?!? How is that possible?
But not illegals
How many of these students have human behaviour expert parents?
Home schooling is one of Betsy’s....what Melania...ooohh, homeless, well they should get jobs then...#grabpussy
How's them open borders working for you NYC?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1626825284062459&id=100002050107503 …
@K_JeanPierre @JoyAnnReid @MsTaraDowdell 

And yet they go to school.

Tell #SecOfEd DeVos that.

#AMJoy
Because they're too busy catering to illegals.
#StopAfrinGenocide
#Erdogan_massacre_Afrin
#Afrin_Commune
#saveAfrin
I bet the illegal students have a bed to sleep in, at tax payers expense.
This is Progressive agenda at work again, everywhere we see the declining of values brought on by Wrong thinking of liberal agendas. When will people See that they are not Progressive but degradation of society w/destructive agendas? Better to do what is Right & live in Love. GOD
Why do you capitalize random words? 
Probably the problems faced by these kids n their families can be solved if this Startup puts its heart n Soul to its work. 

 God Bless The World as One Family 

Vasudaiva Kutumbam 
That’s not god. That’s smart people working hard. No god needed.
reverse engineer to where the prob started. rent control far exceeds wage growth and lazy state and city leaders think raising taxes will be the solution.
Home $@4000  American startup company Icon
Do you know what the definition of homeless is for students?  It is a very lose definition.
Quick, let’s give billionaires another tax cut!
Please forward to Mr @georgesoros. I request Mr Soros to look into this matter whether any help can be extended. An American startup ICon has come forward to build pre fabri houses @4000 dollars per home. Government can chip in a little too.

Children suffering is future disaster
Another demwit run city on the verge of collapse. Happened under Lindsay. Diblasio is worse.
There are other places to live other than NY. Only an idiot would stay somewhere they couldn’t afford and be homeless.
Homeless children in the Great America. Everyone should be appalled that anyone in Trump’s @realDonaldTrump Make America Great Again or Keep America Great that Children are homeless.
What is trump doing about all the homeless people in America ?
See Trump, it's stuff like this you should be concentrating on. Real Life. Real World.
No fake news....
What about the mayor, the governor? Why are you immediately blaming trump.  Maybe, your city should care more about citizens then virtue signaling and protecting illegals.
111,500 homeless students in NEW YORK... lets have a military parade
But we NEED a military parade and a $20 billion wall!
Thanks, Trump
#MAGA rtful @ nytmetroful: the numberful of studentsful in yorkful cityful schoolsful climbedwise to 111, 500 schoolful yearful
Blue states are full homeless . In this case thanks DeBlasio
NEED MORE ILLEGALS
New York’s Democratic Reps are doing a great job of destroying yet another great city!
But, the City is run by Democrats. They are so compassionate!
Wtf.
Yes, but would rather support measures that support criminal illegals.
All the money you owe from all those private flights would sure help all those homeless children...
Just saying... 
#FireKellyanne
That stat is way too high — VERY misleading!! 

“That definition of homelessness includes children not just living in shelters, but also those who are doubled up in the homes of extended family members or friends”
DACA?
This is why Russians or any non citizens should be barred from buying property in U.S. it drives up artificially the cost of housing.
Not as simple as 'if you can't afford to live there, move'  If they can't afford rent, how can they afford to move? You get stuck
fix your fucking building regs
Democratic control for ever!!
So GOP solution is cutting
$460 MILLION from homeless Vets
$85 from Headstart
Cut funding on school lunches

No honor
No values
No conscience

JUST GOP LIES & GREED

#VoteBlue2018 
#VoteThemOut 
#VoteThemOut2018
So why is this administration cutting federal funding to help the organizations that help care for these families???
Absolutely. The effect of Liberal/Socialist politicians
as usual trying to distract from the WH clown show.
NYC fails everybody.
It's everywhere the same problem, even in France there are a lot of homeless, students and workers, and obviously the politicians are not interested at all to create or apply the laws to protect their citizen.
What are the Democrats doing wrong in New York, that there are so many homeless kids? New Yorkers! Time for a change! Democrats are failing the children!
NY run by democrats, voted for Hillary, sanctuary to illegals, want others to pay for the issues. Typical.
And that is just the students. Factor in the adults, especially those with mental health issues and NYC's homeless number is staggering. I have family who live there and I visit often. The homeless problem in NYC is absolutely intolerable.
No, their parents failed them.
If they're DACA students don't worry about it.
How about you march for this @Emma4Change @davidhogg111 @womensmarch HOW ABOUT IT!!! Nah, didn’t think so.
Another example of Democrat management of their cities.
One of the richest nations on earth has homeless people! Especially homeless veterans! WHY! We dump money all over the world! Yet people here are homeless! It’s so terrible , and beyond words!
New York has massive homeless and illegal immigrants. Big problem. Now they want others to pay for it. No thanks.
New York & California maasive homeless. Both voted for Hillary, both sanctuary states. Coincidence?
The correct number of homeless children in the richest country on Earth: 0.
The correct number of homeless people anywhere: 0
The cost of housing must be addressed and lowered nation wide. Hooverville encampments are not viable options
$30 million could help those kids. Who wants to watch a parade without tanks anyways?
I hope you’re not suggesting that @BetsyDeVosED Help the kids… She is still looking for a number two pencil.
Hillary lost and can't seem to stay on her feet. We are lucky she isn't president.
NY is fast becoming California.      Good luck! Your leadership is on second to CALIFORNIA!
Lets see he hired his wedding planner then people complained so a DOCTOR was hired  to run hud, tjen a person named devos was tapped as education head. Nobody saw this coming? I mean is there anyone in place in any post has any experience?
But build that wall first. F*ck those homeless kids, right?
If there had been a wall, those kids probably wouldn't be here.
Only the majority are. Very sensitive, aren't we? You want illegals in NY, you pay for them.
He’s weak for doing it and she’s weak for putting up with it.
So sad!!!
You just post the most wonderful things. But, then, you are a communications genius and can look at the world and pick the things we really need to focus on. Some might think it is sophomoric diversion but we trust you!
We could be helping a few more if our tax $$ were not going to pay someone like you to stir a pot and help don the con crime family , he has bldgs here btw he could offer cheap apts to these families right i mean he is a billionaire ha ha ha ha
Bush's fault.
Serious question: Do you know how to get to Heaven? You want to be 100% sure! Consider reading “If You Died Tonight, WHY Would God Let You Into Heaven? http://Amazon.com  - search Tom Lusk - 36 pages of SIMPLE TRUTH!
Does @BetsyDeVosED even care?....
NYC is failing a lot more than that.
Keep bringing in masses of poor, uneducated people, with no work ethic and no viable family structures. That will obviously fix the problems. And have them vote for more of the same. The seeds of despotism.
Obama nation.
Unconvicted felon @KellyannePolls 

#HatchAct
That’s really sad to hear.
MAGA
That’s what they get for not having a millionaire daddy and private schools to go to at tax payers expense.  Too bad they have to waste their big Tax cuts on things like food.  Trump Tower has lots of apartments for rent.
Must have been the ones Soros paid to lay down with Como on the streets.  You would think Como would help these kids.
100000 kids live on streets, or are they homeless by government definition by lacking certain living standards?
Another Dem success!
Why do we have homeless students in the richest country in the world? This is heartbreaking and immoral.
Lest blame someone......does anyone take responsibilityof themselves
@BilldeBlasio How about helping the students in action rather than word. Do something for the people that voted you into office because you promised to make their lives a little better.
They have no parents, no mailing address, who you kidding . NY is as stupid as Cal.
No. Whoever brought these children into the World is failing them. It is not the City nor schools system's place/responsibility to raise these children. WHERE ARE THE PARENTS WHO DID THIS?
Suffering with their children because people like you have 0 empathy and can't recognize serious systemic issues designed to keep the poor down.
You are regurgitating the same "oh, you don't care about the poor" bullshit that keeps people poor.
NYC only wants rich people living there so they look better on tv. They really don’t care about poor people at all. Just like Hollywood. People should wake up and take the blinders off. They say anything to get elected and then do dumb stuff with the money.
#HatchAct
So surprised according to Dem leaders it’s the promised landed! They need a serious wake up call!
The NYC mayor knows how to solve this : Bring in even more illegal aliens to suck from the entitlement program.  jus sayin #MAGA
Who cares..As long as the top 1% gets massive tax cuts.
Nonsense. Everyone who works gets a tax break. If you had a job, you would know this.
I just assumed because only an unemployed person or a moron would make the statements you did. I guessed wrong.
Thanks Obama
The Governor of NY is too busy helping Illegal immigrants while our own citizen suffers.
Why are parents raising kids in NYC Anyway?
To get as far away from you assholes.
Seems expensive.
This is Obama's legacy. He had 8 years to solve this. No progress. No leadership.
"New York City Is Failing Homeless Students"
So just give them all A's if your going to feel guilty about it.
Why not? I mean we give them all "participation" trophies. #NothingEarnedNothingGained
That must pay well. #NewYorkCity probably has cash for any student claiming homeless status.
Homeless is the byproduct of Liberal Dem policies. Just look at most cities in California or any other Dem run city. You get what you vote for!
.@SenBillNelson on bridge collapse. http://fxn.ws/2pbDU16  
This is America?
Jesus do you people not know the difference between a City, State and Nation?.......

Please stay in school, and for the love of God don't reproduce
A city is part of the nation. And what is happening in NYC is happening elsewhere. We have a lack of concern for our nation's children.
Why is it, liberals always want to skip 63 steps ahead and blame the Fed for not spending enough money to fix ass backwards policies at the state level? No wonder Dem controlled cities are in so much trouble.
That is what happens with Democrat politicians in charge
Yes. This didn’t happen in one year!
But NY cares about ILLEGALS.  Hmmmmm.
Liberal ideologies hard at work keeping Americans dependent on big government. How’s that working out?
Perhaps this (and social issues like this), rather than tax cuts and the dismantling of everything that Obama accomplished, is what your pathetic administration can focus on.
Perhaps this is a state issue? States are sovereign ya know.
NY City = tRump’s home base

Last year = tRump’s reign

What are y’all doing to fix it, Kellyanne?

#MakeAmericaGoodAgain
@LibDems policy working for the downtrodden yet again.
