1)False 2)For some, depends 3) True, but only for some 4) False. That's 25% accuracy. An improvement for @GOP
Won’t help me at all. Small business owner. Won’t get a Corp “bonus”. I’ll get screwed. #GOPTaxScam
Where's the disclaimer about what this is gonna do the country in 5 years? And the debt ceiling in less than that?
Thanks for raising the national debt!

Unless you are a professional sales person that works for a company that does not cover travel expenses.... Yes, by eliminating employee business expense deductions (IRS Form 2106) you raised the taxes of many thousands of hard working people
5)
We’re not stupid, Lloyd.

#Butthead wishes she was as attractive and womanly and eloquent as a blow up doll.
Stock buybacks to further enrich your oligarchic donor bosses

Record deficits that provide no broad economic benefit

No increase in business investment—broken promise

Lots of provisions that were sneaked in with no debate, to solely benefit your dark money PAC overlords.

Don’t forget it adds $1.5 trillion to the wrong side of the ledger.
What did it do for seniors and their Social Security (already taxed when benefits earned) IRA or other income? Nothing. NOTHING! Still at early 1980’s thresholds with NO inflation adjuster. Shame on all of you. Tax cut! Ha! Not for retirees.
1.8 trillion dollars added to the deficit. More winning. 
#thankyouPresidentTrump 

Delicious #Crumbs  !
What a massive load of codswallup... #WeThePeople don't like servants who conspire with the #PussyGrabberInChief to authorize the #LootingOfAmerica. 
Corrective actions will be taken to rectify this #FailedCongress' treachery come November.  Update your resume...
You forgot to mention how it increases everyone's state taxes.
And look at the defect soaring. Tax Scam
And the debt that our children are incurring???
No it doesn’t, #taxscam

Umm..not all.
Glad to see the ridiculous mandate will officially end this year!!
What about "Post Cards" for returns?
You’re leaving out the fact that these are temporary breaks for the majority of us. Only the filthy rich get the permanent breaks.
There #GOPTaxScam raises the debt... And when you take into consideration all the deductions that you took away from average Americans the net effect is raised taxes.  So y'all better save that $20 a month extra.. you'll need it when you have a high tax bill to pay in 2019.
Not one single thing listed helps me
Adds Billions to the debt, for no purpose?
The more people uninsured, the more healthcare & Insurance costs will rise. Those w/out Insurance will go bankrupt & not be able to pay their bills. The individual mandate was meant to encourage people to be insured. Ask the experts what effect many uninsured will have on costs.
#1 is valid. #2,3 &4 are not. People who itemize and don’t have children to deduct will see no benefit. Limiting or taking away deductions will force many to pay more. A large majority of the trillions in tax cuts going to wealthy/large profitable corp as gifts.
Take more opiates.
I have the misfortune of living in a blue state with high SALT, so my family is not benefiting from this tax bill. In fact - my accountant has already advised me that I will be paying more next year. So thanks for screwing us. FYI - I’m a registered republican. Bill is flawed.
GREAT! Pretty bad when u have a small painting business and taxable income is $30,000.00 and u owe OVER $3,000.00!  We could live better on FKG WELFARE!
Yes it lowers taxes for everyone. Problem is we are already running a monumental deficit so you're just compounding a problem.
Kellyanne, just say NO to Trump!
 For now. They expire in 8 yrs, but don't expire for businesses.
 Unless you live in the Northeast, where you can't deduct local taxes
 Great, but expires in 7 yrs
 Drives insurance costs up as healthy individuals leave market
 Adds immensely to the deficit
You mines well pull a Mango and run on fear and hate, it’s all your party has left

#GOPTaxScam #BlueWave2018
#BlueWave : like all waves, rise up to a big swell, peak, then crash and meekly recede back out to sea.
If your not mad at trump, it’s only because he hasn’t gotten to an issue you care about....yet but he will, he always does, just ask Ann Coulter 

Good day sir
Remove the “m” from your last name, and the narrative is rather clear, @RepSmucker.
That's wasn't even clever, 3rd grade level there lol
Considering numerous evaluations of GOP rhetoric, 3rd grade reading comprehension is where the educational puck stops. 
Thus, my “cleverness” was right on target, as you so accurately identified. 
Would you like a gold star, or a Sucker? 

#seewhatididthere? 
Of course you would say that to defend yourself lol, very predictable...and 3rd grade level people voted for Trump too right? Sad
No (self) defense needed. Your use of English grammar validates my point.
Liberals never have a counter argument, only insults and always pretend to be English teachers. Thank you for that, makes our Trump movement stronger 
• What was there to counter in the first place?
• Movement? The only movements that come to mind when connecting to Trump are;
A; a bowel movement
B; a directional movement to prison

English teacher? Yes, you should have paid attention when you had the chance. 
Sorry - no one buying your crap
And again the con man in chief didn’t have his.
Give 85 % of the tax relief to the top 1%.  How stupid do you think we are.  It is total BS!
Don't forget adds trillions of dollars to the deficit That America has never seen. Make sure you include that part. As we know that's something you all will allegedly put on whatever President serves after Trump.Just like Trump trying to take credit for the low unemployment rate.
I am a believer, not only because of tax break but I will do my own taxes and will no longer get ripped of by accountants!  Yeaa
liar
Ba ha ha ha ha ha 

Didn't do a thing for me..
If we can't Trust Donald with his taxes, how can we trust him with ours ???
Yeah, that $1.50 will really go far !
So it's ok 2 mandate everyone has car insurance (even if outrageously expensive!) because we don't want 2 b paying 4 uninsured drivers, but the similar logic on healthcare escapes u? If u don't make 'healthy' people get it (a) more expensive 4 rest & (b) WE pay 4 their illness!
Let's see in a year.
Until then, quiet please, TV's talking.
All temporary little fake breaks because you think the right wingers have a short memory. THEY DON’T!
1 good reason you’re kind of a shitty person: none of you want to talk about deficit.
America needs relief from this farce of a administration!
And adds huge debt that will come due and payable...sort of like Trump taking out debt and then going bankrupt.  He is good at that, and now the GOP is good at that.  And the rising gas prices will more than eat up the small tax deductions for the low and middle class
lol. liar.
Lol!
23 INDICTMENTS
5 GUILTY PLEAS
FLYNN
MANAFORT
GATES 
PAPADOPOLOUS
PINEDA
CARTER PAGE
VAN DER ZWANN
OLEG DERIPASKA
ERIK PRINCE
TRUMP JR.
KUSHNER
ROGER STONE
GUCCIFER 2.0
CAMBRIDGE ANALYTICA
HANNITY STATE TV
SINCLAIR BS
BROIDY
MICHAEL COHEN
NRA
Bullshit.
Here are four ways to make the country better than it is now: impeach the "president", get rid of the GOP majority, stop conning the American people and gain some honesty and integrity. #ImpeachTrumpNow #Impeach45
There is one thing that trumps  all of your bullshit. It is a massive upward transfer of wealth with no end date. Stop being a trumpian quizzling.
And 1 way it's not. Uncontrollable debt.
too bad gas prices are going to wipe out any gains from measly tax break.  Wish i was in the 1% who bought and paid @realDonaldTrump
@KellyannePolls thank you for the information. Sad if the democrates take control that's will all go away
This DOES NOT lower the rates for ALL Americans. That’s simply a flat out lie.
"...and gives me and my billionaire friends millions in tax breaks. Permanent tax breaks! Sorry peasants, about yours expiring in a couple of years. Not really sorry though, if you are dumb enough to vote for me then tough titty."
5. Doesn't do a thing for the Deficit that was created due to the Banana Republicans giving tax cuts to the rich. You schmuck. @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOPChairwoman
Congressman please help enforce Public Laws 88452, 92424, 93644 and 95568. Call for an immediate investigation to determine whether illegal immigrants or non citizens are serving in elected offices throughout the United States which promote election fraud and stealing of America

Hahaha hahaha you people are a joke
Lmao
GREED is so unattractive; especially GREED from Republicans. DISGUSTING?
#LeakerandLiar the name of the #Russian pee pee tape
Absolutely. Thank God for President Trump
Than why have my taxes gone up next year.
Here r 4 ways it won’t be good
1) The government won’t take in enough to pay its bills
2) people won’t get back what U say they will
3) it will balloon the debt/deficit
4) You will use the balloon to justify taking away social programs. 
BONUS 5) it will send us into a recession
Schmuck....the 1% thank you.

Amerika will be paying your Trillion Dollar debt for decades.

Sick
 Deficit
What a great day. Thank you Mr. President
Dump the Dems.
So that makes you feel better about yourself?! Allowing people to keep more of what they earn than they could before? #End the IRS
TAXATION IS THEFT!
@KellyannePolls https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-nation/wp/2018/04/17/stormy-daniels-releases-sketch-of-man-she-says-threatened-her-says-she-wants-a-chance-to-defend-myself/ … As for you, Rep. Smucker, I am VERY angry with you!
Mr. Smucker, I wrote you via snail mail not long ago even though I reside in NY State re. a bill you wrote to eliminate the Medicare late fee.  REMEMBER?  YOU NEVER FUCKING WROTE BACK.
Mr. Smucker, I am seriously ill with so many medical issues I am as good as terminally ill w/o additional coverage!  I begged you to push this bill through.  I couldn't afford all of Medicare when I was first eligible as I was already covered by FEHB when I went on disability
...in 2003.  I could NOT afford total Medicare and FEHB at the same time!  I am a cancer survivor.  I have uncontrolled diabetes.  I rarely have blood sugar under 300 no matter what I eat or the time of day I check my levels.  I need specialist care to stay alive and you and all
So that means next year we will see the real benefit?
#bullshit Here are the four worst (among many) ways the new tax code is awful.
1) HUGE DEFICIT (Bill the kids) 2) 90% of the Benefits go the millionaires 3) Hurts healthcare coverage for all Americans 4) Trump & GOP lie about it everyday.
Hey #Seahag you forgot the 1 Trillion $ hole in the budget for the nextv10 years
Yup, very few have or will see any benefit and the insurance premiums will not skyrockets or plans shattered.  Morons!!
Good spin! I’m dizzy from it.
Why are our tax preparers and accountants telling us to increase our withholding? #GOPTaxScam  #TaxingTheMiddleClass #GopTaxLie
Takes away your personal tax deduction, takes away your state property tax deductions takes away your business exspense deductions
Awesome job Mr Trump!
However no more loopholes for small business and self employed and those wh do work pay let in tax by.5% but health cost will triple.

Hope that feels good oh yea and your elderly parents will be paying for it.
Can you also mention how well it is increasing out national debt?  I thought conservatives wanted to reduce out debt.  I guess not.
Lloyd and his fellow Republicans are shoveling sand against the tide.  https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2018/04/16/gop-tax-cuts-have-gotten-less-popular-with-voters-nbc-wsj-poll.html …?
But why did Lloyd edit the list down to four?
Aaaand according to the CB0 will double national debt by 2028. But I'm sure you knew that.  Have you looked at projected Tax revenues for 2018. 0r are you ignoring that, too, Rep Schmuck?
TAX DAY
The #GOPTaxScam

WIN
-$150K tax breaks to richest 0.1%
-40% tax cut 4 big corporations
-$69,660 tax break for ppl making $1000000/yr

LOSE
-Tax hikes on majority of Americans (53%) once phased in
-Health care rates up 10%
-Cuts to Social Security & Medicare
-$1.5T in Debt
I didn’t get anything, when are you going to work for me?
Let's see if this tax code will last through the @realDonaldTrump presidency, how ever long (or short) that may be.
Gives us all sunsetting tax breaks and is gonna make inflation go up.

Stop drinking the Kool-Aid Lloyd.
I'll give you one big way it's worse... I have to pay more in taxes.

Thanks, assholes.
Plus the Standard Deduction increased, making it possible to no longer have to take an itemized deduction.
But I have no child to claim for tax credit
Makes work requirements for sick and takes money from coffers to pay for schools and infrastructure. It’s a joke. School fees, local taxes, go up. cuts on anything govt. just wait it’s a scam
And the Dems had nothing to do with accomplishing it #MAGA2018
And the 1 million deficit? The disgusting over spending of this administration and @realDonaldTrump constant travel to Florida that the tax payers are paying for. The 1% are giddy with this tax reform. Who I wonder will eventually have to balance the budget? You screwed us.
Inflation will be so high that more money will be worth less and this is only temporary. Government is too large, corrupt, and on a reckless budget. #TaxDay #GOPTaxScam
Crumbs.
My taxes go up due to the cap on the SALT deduction, so screw you.
Bullshit, it lowers rates for the middle class this year and gradually increases taxes over 8 years.

It appears to stiff those with children too old to claim the credit but still dependents since there is no longer a dependent deduction.
Crumbs. Crumbs. Crumbs.
And no “Amazing healthcare”. 

#fail

#GOPTaxScam #TrumpTaxScam #RyanTaxScam
May the old Tax code R.I.P.
 The rich get richer.

#TaxScamBill





Tell the rest!
If you have more than 2 kids you get screwed because losing the exemption amount outplays doubling the standard deduction...but I don't hear the GOP copping to that
5 - explodes the deficit
6 - balloons the debt
7 - guarantees that social security and Medicare will be slashed to the bone
Oh yes...Mr. Smucker didn’t you just vote yes on the Balanced Budget Amendment? Why would you need to vote yes on an Amendment that effectively strips the Social Security Trust funds $2.9 Trillion dollar surplus? Oh yes you need it to pay for those tax cuts!
What the hell are you talking about? Trust fund? Seriously?  Maybe on paper, but this “fund” is full of IOUs that will never be/can be paid back.
Shut up mother smucker.
Nobody is buying the bullschitt you're selling

#VoteThemOut2018 for their #GOPTaxScam 
https://americansfortaxfairness.org/trumptaxcuttruths/ …
#BlueWave2018
27%
You are fecal matter.
I thought R’s were about fiscal responsibility?
Local Deficit Hawk Explains Why It's Actually Good to Have His Talons Removed
When we have trillion dollar annual deficits and the debt balloons to 29 trillion will you still be a vocal advocate of this plan? It seems as though fiscal conservatives are only so when a Democrat is in the White House.
