
What a sick person you are.

.@KellyannePolls do you also do this to ur husband everytime he criticizes your boss?
When your wife doesn’t want to hold your hand... PRICELESS. 

https://vimeo.com/262574422  #ImpeachTrump
How's that goose-stepping coming along? Your #AlternativeFacts are losing ground sweetheart #Deplorables

George is super disgusted with your boss @KellyannePolls
Better choice! 
@KellyannePolls Cuomo 10 you 1 how embarrassing. 8 minutes too much of you!!
Quick, who shot JR?
Who cares ...
JR cares
Kristin didn't, apparently
Is Pence the President?

"The mob takes the Fifth. If you’re innocent, why are you taking the Fifth Amendment?"

-Predator trump, September 2016
What a nasty human being you are!

Sickest Rat ever @KellyanneConway just said Melania Trump is “superior to Michelle Obama.” #VoteBlue2018 
MICHELLE: 
-Raised 2 excellent daughters
-Has kept her marriage strong for 25 years
-Went to Harvard Law
-Went to Princeton
@FLOTUS

Wow, you are such a spin doctor.... wish I knew what morals you really have.
Hope he has better luck than El Residente w nomination
If Ronny Jackson does not work out for head of taking care of our very neglected veterans will @KellyannePolls bring him into a major role on her opiod crisis team?
Did Pence do any vetting or did he follow @realDonaldTrump lead of picking man working as foreign agent for a Sunni Islam nation that was supporting ISIS (Turkey) for top security role?

http://www.businessinsider.com/links-between-turkey-and-isis-are-now-undeniable-2015-7 …

@KellyannePolls
YUK, bloomberg. NYNY is part of the U.S.A. .  Not the U.S.A. .
They all eventually go through the exit door!
He’ll be out in 6 months like the many many others!
You were on national TV bragging about the results of the physical trump took ... The Dr who gave him the physical wasn't a quack he's a drunk !
Know what I think when I think Kellogg? Cereal! Look at those handsome cheeks, perfect for holding nuts and seeds.Have you ever considered a (squeeeeeak!) primarily seed-based diet, @KellyannePolls?
Setting up his shadow cabinet?
Just stating the OBVIOUS! But you got to love how the so-called Vice President of the United States has his own National Security Adviser?

You Americans have got to EXPLAIN that one...

#USA #Trump #GOP

pence also said orange turd had a high level of character 


Let the Democrat and media smear campaign begin. Rachel Maddow must be able to come up with some convoluted theory on him...
What another flake in Washington?

"Homeland security adviser Tom Bossert, top spokesman Michael Anton,  acting deputy homeland security adviser Rob Joyce, and deputy national  security adviser Ricky Waddell have all indicated their intention to  depart the White House."
Što ne napišeš knjigu Kejt ili se plašiš od mene pa guraš druge da je napišu umesto tebe ?

Dana bash is just asking questions.  If you think it’s trying to slight you and embarrass you ???..  the. Go on Fox with Sean Hannity who has no class
Another #Fakenews story. Pence doesn't pick anyone to presidential appointment jobs. And you can bet @realDonaldTrump has NOT delegated such appointing or naming authority to Pence. You liberals never give up even when your ship has fetched hard aground
How corrupt is this swamp man?
Really how does that Moron got a say

These must be old profile pictures of you on your Twitter account @KellyannePolls because you’re looking like crap now. Maybe to much brown nosing with trump.
No argument we can al see ur own photo!!?
You are awful. Michelle Obama was a lady.  Melania is more of a lady of the night
Is this the guy who eats cereal to keep himself from masturbating?
I’d prefer @ClarkKelloggCBS.
The Dumbs Better Think Twice !

Oh yes they do.
Finally kushner Ivanka and all trumpets are going to be remove from the White House !!!!!
This might be worse.
And Trump says, "Keith has great cereal. Everyone loves his cereal. Really, if you think about it... And many people are saying he's got the best cereal, of all breakfast cereals. That's what we call America First, because breakfast, as you know, is the first meal of the day."
https://twitter.com/realP_A_HAS/status/988599663006765056?s=19 …
Wtf?
What ?
What shit is he into? Does he have any skeletons LIKE EVERY OTHE NOMINEE?
Google him ...
I know who he is. I’m just saying that if Trump is nominating him it’s because he holds sway over him. Look at ALL of his other picks
Go back to sleep you know nothing ....
I know you have only 17 followers and are the Twitter equivalent of a gnat
Doesn’t matter followers ... nor twitter equivalent...  the fact thay you nit pick means ... under your biased BS skin ... on top of that you don’t know crap .:. Bring it on!
Introspection .... wish you the best !!
